Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 439 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Round one is in full swing, lots of extracurricular shit going on.
The hate is finally here, and this is our first ep of the week, but let's check in with the boys first. The Whit Dog, Ryan Whitney. What's new with you, guy?
Not much, fellas.
Not much at all.
Just ingesting.
Or is it digesting games?
Ingesting.
Is it ingesting, R.A.?
I think both work in this situation.
I don't know the difference.
I mean, digesting is like what happens in your stomach.
I think ingest is when you're actually putting it down.
That's what happened to R.A. before the podcast started when he painted the bowl.
That's why we started 15 minutes late.
Oh, the swordfish.
Oh, my God.
Well, yes, my weekend has just been hockey related.
The four games in one day, Saturday, Sunday, is so top notch.
They finally figured out, start them all at different times.
Biz, yesterday you guys and Army hammered the whole day out, I believe.
Today, Army and Keith are on four more games.
It's just been hanging around, watching action.
And I have a lot of opinions.
Some will be popular.
Some will be hated.
But I have a lot of them.
I'm not going to lie.
It's NHL's March Madness right now.
I think we got a fucking, oh, I don't even want to say it right now but i'm very excited
in real time currently the la kings and edmonton oilers game is going on so we're going to wait
to talk about that till the end of the podcast i want to get off the hop with it but we're going
to we're going to save it as a little treat i think we'd be remiss to not start off the podcast
by mentioning the officiating right now i understand that that
sometimes playoff times the hockey's a little bit faster and and the crowd noise can create a little
bit more anxiety for officials it seems like you know there's a group of officials that are are
better than some that get the playoff responsibility and they may be a little bit overworked
but i can't remember a first round
where games have been impacted this much
by some back...
And listen, I'm benefiting from this right now,
so I am loving it.
Loving it.
And by benefiting it,
you mean talking on TNT
and talking on spit and chicklets, correct?
And my teams, the teams, the 16 teams that I root for year over year.
I respect the hell out of you as a fan because that's what I,
some teams are getting fucked.
Some teams' fan bases are getting hosed like I've never seen in my life.
And I actually wanted to, and it sucks to bring it up this early.
We'll get into the games and the action, and that is the best part part by far but we have to bring it up because we have new listeners all the
time boys i'm meeting people i met some guys last night so when you start listening oh two months
ago like so people who are in maybe new to the nhl and new to our show we feel so sorry for you
nobody deserves to be watching this shit it's unbelievable what playoff hockey used to be and
what it is now there's five million penalties a game and most of them are the worst calls i've
ever seen it's it's unbelievable i i'm glad you brought it up well with that's the reason i was a
little bit sensitive and taken off guard last week when you call me a homer about the bunting
situation the reason i was correct the bunting call was the only one they got right i i know but i the comments i made and why i said what i said on tnt was based on the fact that you
know sometimes they get hit in the head and then they take a bit of a dive and they go down the
tunnel and they know if they leave that game that the the punishment ends up being a little bit more
am i saying that cernak took a dive by no means am I saying that I was saying strictly if he ends up
coming back that next game I thought that he shouldn't get any games and that game would have
been punishment enough so I just want to make that very clear but aside from that I refuse to be a
homer and RA I'm going to throw it over to you because I got nothing really much else to say as
far as like personal life stuff because all I've been doing is ingesting or digesting or however the fuck you
want to say it all hockey all day long 24 7 right in my butthole ding jesting ding jesting is our
new word it's kind of a combo if you guys get what I'm saying but I am butt chugging NHL coverage
non-stop give it to me 24 7 how are you before go, RA, because I just want to mention this. Game Notes Daily, couple clicks, boys.
Yeah.
Couple clicks.
That's why we brought those guys on board.
I got random people saying, where's Game Notes Daily?
On Saturday, I go, no, it's a Monday through Friday show.
What a great move by those guys.
I got to do one episode.
I'm going to do one this week at least.
45 minutes, noon to 1245 Eastern.
It's a big-time hit. It's awesome going over that night. to do one episode i'm going to do one this week at least 45 minutes noon to 12 45 eastern it's
it's a big time hit it's awesome going over that night and gamblers they need it because that
action's given out that night they caught a heater they caught a heater on their friday night
i would say i would every time i look merles is hitting these picks i want to say this guy's
batting 75 and and and and it's awesome to also see the representation of Keith Yandel and Armdog on the TNT panel tonight.
So it seems like the spit and chicklets universe is on a rocket ship right now.
Just going sky rockets in flight.
Ooh, afternoon delight.
Ooh.
Merles and I's buddy Migs that we've mentioned before.
He said Merles gives out winners like no other,
but he's getting so much money.
The show is giving winners, betting losers.
Merle's can't win.
Merle sent me a card.
Green marks a win.
X is a loss.
There's 17 green marks and two red marks.
He's like, I'm down money.
He's just so  it's next goal bets.
Then he doesn't get bets in.
He said he hates pasho with a passion
because he would have been hammering the rangers more goal next goal next goal but he he was with
him and it was ruining his vibe wow that's a that's just shows you the teammate that merles
exactly you want to crush him right in the face i would have been pounding him showing him the
bet tickets so merles just flew back to sweden. What a run he came over to North America on.
So is he like the bad blackjack player where he wins more hands and loses because it's his betting patterns?
Is that why he's losing?
No, he's the guy who wins and wins it, but then when he hammers, he loses.
Yeah, okay.
Any time he hammers, he loses.
He's the reverse Dana White.
The times he would hammer, he has no money from losing it all on the first hammer,
and then he would have won,
but he only has like 300 bucks on it
because he already had lost his bankroll on the other one,
if you're catching my drift.
And we'll get to Merle's and Pasha in New Jersey
at the Devils game.
Pasha is public enemy number one.
Now I understand why he doesn't wear the devil's
jersey around probably for his own public safety but before we get to that ra i'm going to throw
it over to you and you can kind of drive the bus as to where we want to start this bad boy uh well
we'll get to the hockey in a second first uh first off we're going to give g a heads up heads up a
little clap as well for the game notes he's been a big part of that and we had a monster friday g i
mean you had taylor hall You come on and said,
what was it, two points or more?
Was what, plus 750 or something like that?
Yeah, so it's actually awesome.
I knew it was.
So I'm on the absolute hottest gambling streak
I've ever been on in my entire life right now.
And it all started with game notes Thursday.
So the best part about game notes daily
is we interact with the fans in the chat.
So the chat is dishing out picks
throughout the whole show.
So we've been funneling those comments on screen and then we bet them.
And it's unbelievable.
But Friday, I knew I was going to have a good weekend because I took the Taylor Hall bet
plus 750.
I said it on game notes.
But on accident, I bet the...
I took it twice.
So I didn't realize it till the next...
Like after the game that I looked at the bet and I'm like oh
my god I put this bet in twice I when you're hot you're hot so I knew it was gonna be a great
weekend did so so these fans the chip the these fans are giving you inside info like for instance
like Marcus Foligno must have plowed the officials old lady and that's why he got snubbed on the two
calls like are these the type of little tips that you're rolling in throughout chicklets game notes monday to friday it's actually insane people will
be like oh this team carolina hasn't lost a game one in six years you have to hammer them we got
guys like dave singer uh roy like i mean these guys we've established characters now throughout
the chat and it's it's unbelievable they just feed us picks okay Okay, I guess enough about game notes, but we also
got to thank the people behind the scenes
who are helping edit all this stuff and get it
out. Elliot Fish, we have
Quader, and then Sean
Apuzzo. So we got a great staff right
now helping out with all this stuff coming in,
all this ingesting of playoff hockey.
Memesie too. Memesie's helping
cut up some of those clips as well. Dale
Morningstar as well. So right from that NYPD FDNY game,
right in all this.
So shout out to our crew.
And now I will throw it back over to R.A.
to get this bad boy rolling.
Spitting chicklets, baby.
Just the fact Memes' name is Dale Morningstar
and then once you've met him,
he's straight out of a cartoon.
Like he was created by someone up there,
and he's now living life just making us laugh on memes.
It's like Dirk Diggler in Boogie Nights with the huge hammer.
He was just meant to meme.
Dale Morningstar.
One of my favorite things is when you send him a picture
and ask him to meme it up,
and then he does the LeBron D-Wade dunk.
Each of your faces on it.
That's one of my favorite things that he does.
He's the best. Also, one last thing
with Merle is the Cladno pick.
Both days, he hit it both days. Swung
my week, man. He's fucking unbelievable with that Europe
stuff. So, let's jump into
the NHL stuff. Let's see.
Tampa Bay, Toronto, boys. That seems to be
the hot topic this week. The headline
hogs, you think? You think?
Yeah, one of three overtime games
Saturday. The Leafs, they pulled a rabbit out of their ass,
tied the game with a minute left.
Ryan O'Reilly fucking earned his keep the other day,
scored with the extra attacker.
Then Morgan O'Reilly won it.
45 seconds left in the first OT.
Nice little CI shot.
Looked like we were going to get a second OT.
Didn't happen.
Leafs got a 2-1 series,
but there was a lot more stuff going on there.
Biz, what's your take on the series so far?
Let's go to the point hit and then the point goal.
What was your views on that?
I actually want to back it up just a little bit
on how irritated Koop seems to be getting with the media.
And it was a question following that throttling in game two.
What a response by the Leafs.
They needed it.
All guns a-blazing.
They scored off those two face-off plays right away
uh the one just a simple D to D to Marner and I I tweeted it out and I've been talking about it on
the broadcast I feel like it's the year of the face-off goal how many goals are within the five
the first five seconds of winning a face-off so that gets the the the ball rolling and then they
up going to throttle them so after the game, one of the Leafs media members,
probably a mole from Shanahan and Dubas, the way the chaos has been ensuing,
they ask him about
This is the WWE.
It's the WWE at this point.
They ask him about how basically intimidating it is going against Matthews,
Tavares, and O'Reilly, and he just scoffs at the question saying,
I'm taking Point, Sorelli, and Paul all day long.
And I love that about Koop.
He sticks up for his boys, and these guys are also proven too, right?
So he just hates the audacity of the question,
and I feel like a couple series, and we'll get into Minnesota-Dallas,
there was a lot more drama following Game 3 as well.
But going to Game 3, Leafs had no business winning that hockey game.
They got completely dominated.
I didn't think Samsonov looked very good early in that game.
I thought each of the three goals and regulation were soft.
But in that end of the third period,
or maybe most of the third period in overtime,
Samsonov showed up and they needed that.
You touched on it last podcast about the D
and why Lilgren's not in the lineup.
Butch Goring on the broadcast was chirping Brody.
Between Hall, Brody, and McCabe,
one of them needs to be out.
Way too much of one thing.
They need Lilgren, a puck-moving defenseman. Moving to later in the game, though, in that
third period when that hit ensued. Wit, we're going to both agree on this. Maybe not the bunting
suspension, but we're going to both agree that that was clean. Those are two players going to
the corner, battling for position, and both of them stuck their shoulder in there, and it just so happens Braden Point gets the worst of it. It was an ugly collision and even worse crashing into the wall. It looked awful, and then all of a sudden you see Kucherov come over to protect his teammate and end up clobbering Riley and busting up his nose. He had to go down the tunnel for repairs
because I think he looked like he had the one nostril
that was gushing blood everywhere.
And then the rest of the melee ensues.
This is one of the things that ends up getting talked about
in the post-game press conference by Keefe
about how Stamko is trying to manipulate the officials,
and we'll get to that later.
First time in NHL history that 260 goal scorers had a fight
in Stamko's in Matthews.
I love it for Matthews because to me it's like
it's his first ever professional fight,
and it's his introduction to playoff hockey.
So I hope that this sparks him and gets him going.
But overall, from Keith's comments i i didn't like the sound bite
of it but from the collision standpoint it's like it made no sense it made no sense well it it made
no sense in a sense where where like the like all of a sudden there was nothing there was no penalty
on the play everything was offsetting where Kucherov jumped Riley
and then Stamkos grabbed Matthews and started feeding him.
So is there no instigator there?
All of a sudden, that becomes a distraction
to where it just becomes an offsetting penalties
where, remember, Riley didn't do anything wrong there.
Like, they reviewed it.
He didn't do anything wrong.
It was just a normal collision.
Would you not agree?
Yeah, it was bad how it ended for point, but I didn't think.
But I put this, I understand calling two minutes on that play
just because of how he went into the boards.
Is that ridiculous?
Because the way it looked, right?
Until I saw the replay in slow motion, I was like, dude,
did he just crush him from behind?
You know what I mean?
I know he's not that good.
I know, but right, correct.
So it either is
a penalty or isn't and and and because they call the five they get to review it and they see like
it's obviously it it was both guys battling for it that that makes keith's comments that makes me
understand them a little bit more where all of a sudden the decoy of like kucherov didn't get
get any extra or or stammer didn't get any extra from grabbing him
and fucking starting to throw him at Matthews as an instigator.
His explanation, and for people who aren't really aware,
he said that they're manipulating the officials by going into that issue
as points down and knowing that they're already going to be down a man.
Is that what he said?
Right?
He said, right?
Okay, so that's ridiculous the reason they're jumping in there is because kucherov sees his buddy
look like he fucking broke his back or his shoulder and he's just immediately being a good
teammate like he's making it sound like they're like subconsciously or on purpose i guess
subconscious the complete wrong word they're they like, oh, we can jump in now.
That's not how it works.
You know that, Biz.
No, no, buddy, I get it.
But I also think that when he spoke media-wise, it didn't come off properly.
That's the way that I understood it where it's like all of a sudden we're evened up here
where we can both agree that the O'Reilly penalty shouldn't have been a penalty.
So it's like, okay, there's nothing there.
And all of a sudden, Kucherov comes over the top.
Riley gets bloodied up.
And then Matthews ends up getting clobbered by Stamkos.
So it's like all of a sudden, it's evened up.
It seems like Tampa inflicted more damage and they ended up doing all right out of the whole doggy pile.
Yeah.
Here's my issue with all this as a Leafs hater.
I feel as like one of the leaders of the Leaf haters like on the internet, maybe out in the world.
This is worrisome because the Leafs don't win that game.
The Leafs are not a team who wins that game.
And they're also not a team who gets in the  oh, my God.
team who wins that game and they're also not a team who gets in the oh my god it gets in the mix and and really has that that like like what you call it doggy pile like that's action
the leafs they usually seem to cower in the playoffs but they're correct they're right i
mean granted tampa guys are grabbing them but it was a game that the leafs never win and it was a
game where you saw some real passion and anger and fight in the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and they pulled it out.
And I'm like, Jesus Christ.
Because that was domination.
Domination.
Now let's go back to,
and I respect you being an honest fan.
That game was 4-2.
That is the biggest joke of all time.
The puck is sitting there.
The goalie does not have control.
He pokes it in.
How in the world is that not a goal?
Like, I don't even understand.
I was in the process of blowing the whistle.
It doesn't, that's a goal.
If you don't see the goalie covering the puck,
and 100 sure, and you saw it in Boston and Florida today,
game four four the ref
did a great job but brofsky he could tell had no idea where it was and he kept it going and
marshall tapped it in great example this was this was more i thought the puck was more available and
and um obviously like still open to be whacked in in the point one and they got screwed and this is
one of like what 14 calls where you have like what 14 calls we have to talk about
and we have to talk about them breaking down the series but you know what toronto pulls it out
um by no means do i think this series is over i said tampa and seven um toronto is a is a they're
a good team but you're right with those 3d the way they they played Brody, Hall, and McCabe,
yeah, get Lilligren in there.
So Brody was the one who just threw that backhand pizza
where it should have ended up being 4-2.
And at that point, I believe it's when Butch Goring's like,
this guy's having a tough night.
You don't hear guys on the broadcast usually be that open and honest
when a guy's struggling.
But I understand why they did it, right? on the broadcast usually be that open and honest when a guy's struggling but it's just i just i
understand why they did it right so they added shen and now they have all these big guys to
combat this you know this big tampa bay lineup with this experience but they got rid of sandin
and then they had lilgren i i get that lilgren might not have had the best end of the season
and maybe the pressure with this point i agree i agree because as you saw
they were having a hard time breaking out of their own end come that third third period in overtime
so you can't be so one-dimensional on the back end and like as far as hall's concerned like i feel
like keith just has a real soft spot for him where i feel like he's toe picking a lot and he's losing
his balance so from my standpoint playoffs is all about adjustments
i feel like one of those guys should come out and lilligren should be inserted now going back to
ryan o'reilly yeah what a game they you say they don't usually win those games they don't but they
have ryan o'reilly that's why they went and picked him up he gets an assist on that first goal
to get things going for the Leafs.
He has a huge face-off win, obviously, in overtime.
But going back to that tying goal,
just a way to understand that the only place
that was really open on the ice was the net front
and to go there.
And great job by Nylander to recognize
because it was kind of,
typically Nylander's looking to make a fancy play.
He just throws it there. And what Ryan O'Reilly's so good at is finding those puck in his feet and he kicks
it right to his skate or kicks it right to his blade and then just fires that off oh my god i'm
having a hard time containing myself right now guys it is it is three nothing for the la kings
over the other right now so much for spoiling. I know.
RA, I can't because I can see Witt's face.
It's fucking unbelievable.
Let's keep going.
I want to keep talking Toronto.
I can't think about this right now.
But as they continue to get dominated in overtime,
every time they needed a play, Ryan O'Reilly was there to make it.
And Vasilevsky, I want to go to him.
I actually wrote this down.
I was talking to Jazzy Jeff, who works for TNT. Vasilevsky, since want to go to him. I actually wrote this down. I was talking to Jazzy Jeff, who works for TNT.
Vasilevsky, since the start of the 2020 playoffs,
in games following a loss, he's 21-2, and he's got five shutouts. So that was only the third time since 2020
that he's lost consecutive games come playoff time.
And then even you go back to game two, R.A.,
there's been a few times in that run in
that run since 2020 that he's been shelled he doesn't like getting pulled because you only get
so much time to absorb information the way that puck's coming off uh guys sticks that you're
playing against in a series the way that they're generating their opportunities and where a lot of
it's coming from.
84 straight playoff games for Vasilevsky without getting pulled.
Do you know who's got the record?
He's currently in second place.
Ottinger.
Hank?
Ottinger.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
It's Martin Brodeur.
86 straight playoff games without getting the yank,
which is absolutely remarkable.
So Vasilevsky, I don't want to say it was weak because it was a great job by riley to just kind of step to the side and then
shoot through that screen it's not his fault i mean man you gotta use your okay all right
i went in gentle i went i didn't go butch goring on it i went in gentle i said
seemed like a bit of a weak one on just a simple shot from the blue line
from Riley just stepping to the side way outside the dot.
But either way, back-to-back losses for Vasilevsky,
so the Leafs have figured him out.
That's what I'm excited about.
But I'm not going to get too ahead of myself because you look at all these series
where they were in the bubble against Montreal.
You look against Boston.
You look against Tampa. They always have the 2-1 lead.
So they have to go out. I would say, Whit, I would go as far as saying
as I believe the winner of this series is the one who wins game four.
Okay. I truly, truly
believe that. As far as Samsonov though, I know I was critical
of him, Whit in the late in the
third and in overtime especially he saved their bacon and i hope that that gives them the confidence
in order to spring forward and just keep winning games and put whatever that fucking game one
nonsense was behind them and this is not toronto bias where you're constantly discussing the Maple Leafs, which we do, but this is WWE, and now we have to get into the real WWE part of it.
What is your GM doing?
What is he doing?
I have never  they show Steve Heisman.
You've seen him up there.
Granted, they haven't been in the playoffs,
but you've seen these legendary GMs sitting there.
When have you ever seen a GM yelling down at fans on the opposing team?
What is he doing?
Is he just
Are you asking me?
Hold on.
This was  I believe they've proved because there's a video of him
in the background, the games on the TV in the box.
It was while Point was down.
So it was like I don't know if he's yelling something
about somebody says that i'm not going to say what i've read that he was yelling about but i
because i don't believe it online but tell me why your gm is screaming at fans of the lightning
they were yelling like go back to canada you they were they were yelling upset at these and i can
understand where most people would be like hey man, man, you're not a proven GM.
You haven't won anything.
Just sit down.
You wouldn't see other GMs,
especially the ones that you mentioned like Steve Iserman.
There's no way that you could get a reaction out of Steve Iserman
as a general manager if he's in there.
But you know what?
As a doobie, as a defender of Kyle Dubas,
you have to be yourself.
And if that's the type of emotion
and that's what he's going through
and that's the stress that's been put on his shoulders
with having to be the GM of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
sitting there next to Jason Spezza,
if that's what he wants to do
and he wants to go back at that people
yelling obscenities at him,
is that how you say it, obscenities?
Obscenities, yep.
That's a classy way of saying fucking shit and fuck you.
Go back to Canada.
Because I've classied it up for this podcast.
I agree with Doobie.
Fuck those people for yelling at him.
Go in there in game four, get that win,
and give him the fucking double barrel on the way out
and then close it out in five.
Fuck him.
Go Leafs, go.
Don't lose to the Bruins in four.
All right, don't get me started.
Let's take it one at a time here.
Last thing on that series, would you agree,
if Tampa plays like that again, they're winning game four?
I think that you're going to see the best game
the Toronto Maple Leafs have ever played in game four.
Okay, a couple problems here.
They couldn't break it out.
I think if they don't put Lil' Grin in, they're idiots,
and they need to establish a forecheck.
They need to establish a forecheck like they did in game two,
and we're not done talking about the Leafs
because sometimes with heartache, like losing bunting for three games,
comes opportunity.
And what I've seen from Matthew Nye so far,
I'm very impressed from this young guy.
He's a big body.
He protects the puck.
And I was actually a little bit pissed off that they didn't bump him up lines
given how he was playing in the midst of that third period in overtime
because I felt like he had the juice,
and I feel like he should be playing with some more skilled players on the top line,
especially the way that they were going.
They looked scared.
They looked timid.
I didn't like it.
But as we mentioned, if you're going to go win 16 games and win a Stanley Cup,
you can't win them all pretty.
There's got to be a few ugly ones.
So shout out to Samsonov.
Shout out to Ryan O'Reilly.
Enough.
Enough.
Can we go?
Let's go.
Come on.
He's mentioned in 16 wins.
Let's start with four.
Let's go to another series.
All right, my apologies.
I'm getting a little ahead of my skis here.
I think we got to go to the game before that, though, went a little.
It was pretty entertaining, even though it was a blowout.
Judo and Chin had a nice scrap.
And then they sent the guys to the box.
And then you had this donkey in the yellow hoodie yelling at the guys.
And then you had fucking, did you hear Phyllis Bezzito?
He's like, there's a fat woman down there.
Well, either that or it's a guy with long hair yelling at the bench.
I was like, holy shit, this is like a mayhem.
Then you had the big rig with a stick.
Then you had Corey Perry pulling it down.
I don't know who was trying to hit who at what.
And then Corey Perry gets the boot.
He does another walk of shame.
He's had more fucking dramatic exits than fucking Grey's Anatomy.
I said that in the fucking Instagram.
Like, Perry loves getting tossed out in front of everybody.
That was pretty entertaining, even though it was a blowout.
But fucking, I don't know. I'd love to have fly on the wall in front of everybody. That was pretty entertaining, even though it was a blowout.
But I'd love to have a fly on the wall in that box.
Yeah, and a cool moment, too.
I mean, Tavares signs there.
It was the crazy story, leaving the Islanders.
And to get the first hat trick in the playoffs since Mogilny, I think, in 2003,
to tie that series up, that had to feel good. So, I mean, hate the Leafs as much as I do.
I can respect that.
Yeah, that was just an utter beatdown.
That's why game three was actually, it felt like the first real game of the series.
It was just, there were two shit kickings.
They weren't competitive, and then things changed.
And now I think you're going to see one goal, two goal games the rest of the way out.
Were you a little poopy pants about my Leafs talk because of the way the Oilers game is going with?
Yeah, I'm just down.
I'm down as bad.
I'm already thinking just win at home game five,
then you maybe squeeze one out six there,
and then who knows seven at home.
But it's unbelievable.
From how I felt a week ago to now,
it's been the Bulgarian reversal on you.
It feels great.
The ultra-Mongolian reversal.
Yeah, the Mongolian.
I thought it was Bulgarian.
Before we go any further, you know what I'm here for. And that's to bring up my love and passion. New Amsterdam vodka's
own Pink Whitney. It's got my name on it. It's incredible. The feedback, the amount of people
that drink it, the amount of people that enjoy life when Pink Whitney's in the mix. And if you
haven't tasted it, please go out, grab a bottle. You'll enjoy life. You'll have fun with the people you drink it with. It tastes phenomenal. You catch a nice buzz.
And at the end, you just get to get another bottle the next night. That's how this works.
We have people sending us pictures of hundreds of empty bottles around their apartments,
dorm rooms packed with Pink Whitney, nips being brought into sporting events. It's the best drink
you can drink. It's the best drink for winter. It's the brought into sporting events. It's the best drink you can drink.
It's the best drink for winter. It's the best drink for summer. It's the best drink on a golf
course. It's the best drink on a boat. It doesn't matter where you are, the taste, the smoothness,
and the color all combine into one to make a powerful drink that brings you smiles and brings
you joy. Without New Amsterdam, we don't exist. Without New Amsterdam, Pink Whitney
doesn't exist. And thank you so much for supporting our brand and buying that drink and catching a
buzz while laughing with the fellas or the ladies, because we know the ladies love the Pink Wit.
Maybe not me when I'm pink from in the sun, but they love the drink. So thank you to New Amsterdam.
Back to the podcast. Let's go to Minnesota-Dallas. That was a game that just finished on Sunday night.
Dallas tied the series 3-2.
I was kind of running around getting some food and coming home.
I didn't see too much at the end of this.
So, boys, take us up to speed at the end of this game.
I know there was another bad call.
How close was it toward the end, though?
It was a great game.
Dot, dot, dot.
Ruined by the refs.
The Minnesota fans, and Marcus Foligno in particular,
have every right to be as upset as any fan base in the league right now.
First of all, from the beginning of game one, this series had it all.
It was action-packed.
It was physical.
The hit on Pavelski, it all started,
and it's all been kind of snowballing since then.
And Minnesota is a bigger, stronger, tougher team.
If you ask me, I picked Dallas.
They played the perfect home game today.
I mean, I shouldn't say perfect,
but they were dominating the first half of the game all over them.
The odd man rushes, I believe, were 6-1, the 2-on-1 breakaway.
And Ottinger, you guys, we talked about what he did against Calgary last year,
really putting his name on the forefront as top young goalies in the NHL.
He was unreal today.
He made basically a game-saving save at the end,
an unreal robbery of Johansson, I believe it was.
But throughout the first half, he was just lights out,
like rebound control.
Every chance they had, no problems for Dallas.
It was so ridiculous that I bet Dallas next goal
because I'm like, this is how the playoffs go.
You just dominate and you get one.
I won that bet.
I've been cold.
But these calls on Foligno.
So the first call, Hocken and Paz bringing it around the net.
Or the puck comes around to him on the wall.
He basically continues it moving along the boards.
And Foligno runs him over.
The perfect hit.
I guess nowadays you have to think, oh, if they were going to call something,
maybe boarding?
No. Or a charge, maybe boarding? No.
Or a charge?
Or charge?
No.
He gets two minutes for interference.
I'm like, what the hell is that call?
What happens?
Dallas, bang, power play goal.
The game continues.
Third period.
It's a hell of a game.
The refs do not need to get involved.
Let the players play out the game that's what
i'm begging in every series felino basically dodges a marchant hit or did he no he went to
hit no he went he went to hit him and he had him lined up perfectly and and marchman just
jumped to try to avoid him and he clips him in the face and cuts him felino goes down they call him for a tripping biz he was on the ground and the announcer i forget
who it was he's like i i think i think felino's getting a penalty here i was like what and then
felino's going to the box bleeding because he just got high stick and he's like what the hell
is happening right now how am am I getting the penalty?
And boom, Dallas power play goal.
I mean, are you kidding me?
Yeah.
Like, that's a robbery.
And what did Foligno say after the game?
He said both calls on me were bullshit.
That was his exact quote.
Ching, ching. He's right.
That's going to be a tough night overall.
Two penalties, goal scored on both of them and then losing what that 25 grand how much they
charge guys for calling out and stitches in the nose you're gonna have to breathe right on next
game uh great second stepping up net front presence what are they missing right now pavelski
and i saw a lot of dallas fans chiming in on our social media being like hey the fucking calls were
bullshit the other way too did you mention the hawk and paw one where they made things interesting the one on zuccarello where they ended up making
it 3-2 and even the dadnov one where it just felt like a similar situation to the point and riley
going for a puck battle where they just both tried to hit each other and then nyquist ended up getting
the raw into the deal well they end up dallas ends up killing that one off, and then Dadanov was the one who scored right out of the box
to make it 2-0.
So to go back, we talked about how the press conferences
have been very interesting between Tampa Bay and Toronto.
Well, Dallas and many have been going out a little bit.
Dean Everson calling them out for a lot of the diving going on,
even to the point where dumb is on
the ice taunting them about diving felino was taunting them about diving and then um and then
deborah said right back in the press conference he said we know they're an undisciplined team and
we're just going to continue to take advantage on the power play um i guess the one semi question
mark was were they going to continue to do the flip-flopping of the goalies? Well, after Game 3, as Minnesota dominated and took that one,
I think it's going to be Gustafson the rest of the way.
The only other thing I wanted to chime in on was Zuccarello.
I think he looks fucking unbelievable.
He really took over that Game 3 and a big reason why they won.
He got them started and just battling in front of that like a bastard.
Not the fastest guy bastard not the fastest
guy not the biggest guy but just hockey intelligence and effort he's getting it done he's been a big
guy for them right now and Ryan Hartman built for the playoffs this guy he's flying around out there
no wonder you know game one that was a huge loss he comes comes back. He's way better at creating than I gave him credit for.
I mean, he makes nasty plays.
He's just also a dog to play against.
So, yeah, that's going seven.
I got no doubt in my mind that's going seven.
But the other guy is this Brock Faber kid.
He's awesome.
He's awesome.
He saved the game again today.
Now they ended up losing.
You know in game one he was the hero on the diving play in overtime
to just deflect a goal away.
Well, they were down 2-1 today.
He put his stick.
It was an easy goal.
And I forget who it was on Dallas.
It's escaped my memory.
But Faber saved it again.
And then I saw this article in The Athletic.
I don't know the author.
Sorry, but if you go to the Minnesota Wild page or the NHL page,
it's right there.
Talking about his story playing for Minnesota.
He was an L.A. pick.
It's traded in the Fiala deal.
There's a picture of him, front row, on the glass at a game while he was on Minnesota.
Going nuts as Kaprizov scored his 47th goal, which I believe broke the record for Wild in a season.
I could be making that up.
But now, a year later, it might have been two years ago,
he's playing a huge role for this team from Minnesota. It's just like the coolest story
going. So amazing to see. You mentioned Nyes and then Faber just hopping in right from college.
It's impressive as hell. The pace of the playoffs going from college hockey, you got to be a special
player and a smart player too. You got to have that mental game to be able to read the play and hop into it and do this well so i love
i love the hockey in that series but that that game was just a complete joke officiating wise
and it ruined it ruined an unreal physical um highly paced action-packed game that i was
watching the entire way through just amazed at
Felina the calls against him I know we were talking about him getting hosed but I think
overall he's looked unbelievable he had 23 goals last regular season only seven this year
definitely an off year when you hit playoffs sometimes it's nice to hit the reset button
where he looks like a completely different player right now.
Very effective, and hopefully he doesn't let that rattle him.
And there was a stat.
He scored in that game three, and so did his brother Nick.
I believe it's the first time in NHL playoffs
where two brothers have scored in the exact same day.
No, since the Sedins did it.
Oh, since the Sedins did it?
Yeah, back in 2010, the Sedins did it, yeah.
But still a pretty cool thing, nonetheless. I kind of wanted to make up my own stat there but i guess uh well i
guess we'll roll in a real one parade guys real quick i we're we have a we're talking stats uh
jake ottinger he's been incredible his 941 career play uh playoff save percentage is the highest on
record since 1955 by a goalie age 24 or younger. So that's a nice fun stat for this BU guy right there.
BU guy.
And this kid I saw right after the game, Army and Keith, they were interviewing him.
And Army gave him a great question talking about he's 19-1-2 coming off a loss this year.
And he actually goes, I didn't even know that.
But he went into talking about how to be the best, you got to really just get back in the
saddle, get that win. He talked about Vasilevsky's I mean you you brought it up in that series Vasilevsky
coming off a loss like that's the sign of a great goalie so they have and Heskinen they the the
Robertson Heskinen Ottinger thing is nuts that that's their future they have a crazy bright um
like future with that organization going on runs. I do, though.
I think Minnesota ends up winning this series.
How about saving your team in one draft?
The draft where they drafted in the first 39 picks.
Dallas had three picks in the first 39 picks.
They got Ottinger, they got Robertson, and they got Haskinen.
How about that?
That's insane.
You talk about the cornerstone to any championship team
you need a you need a stallion up front you need an ace on the back end and then you need a
goaltender boom boom boom that'll save jim neal's job for another 10 years um it was also cool
because on the broadcast they kept panning back to ottinger's parents if i ever have kids i would
never want to be a goaltender that's got to be the most nerve-wracking gig in the world
they had their the mom had her fucking coat buttoned up to like past her eyes i know i don't have kids, I would never want to be a goaltender. That's got to be the most nerve-wracking gig in the world. The mom
had her fucking coat buttoned up to
pass their eyes. She just couldn't even watch.
Howie, what's your feeling
on this series? Anything that you wanted
to chime in with? I mean, it's been great
so far. You got the history, too. The whole
idea that Dallas left Minnesota
to go down there. The whole
former North Stars team. I think it might go seven
in a heartbeat. It was Joe Smith, our buddy, who wrote the article on favor. I think it might go seven in a heartbeat.
It was Joe Smith, our buddy, who wrote the article on Faber.
Knowledge is good.
But I want to talk about Matt Dumber, man.
I mean, I know they thought he was going to get traded every week this season.
He's been a fucking maniac out there. I mean, I don't know if Marchment banged his whole lady back in the day,
but he buried him the game before today into the boards like twice,
and then he mocked him like pretending like he was overplaying it, man.
He's been like a little fucking motherfucker all day.
Well, that goes back to the fact that they've been,
like even Foligno mocked them about the diving.
So that happened.
It happened more in the first two games.
I haven't really seen it much from Dallas moving forward.
So I'm imagining with the comments in the media that DeBoer told them,
hey, boys, they're probably going to be looking for it now.
But just the shenanigans in the post-game press conferences have been unreal in this series as well so a goaltending battle i agree with you
i think it's going seven two and to get like that triumvirate like a goalie a fucking dynamic
forward in a great defenseman all in one draft like you try to build that over fucking five ten
years on your team to get them all in one thing man that's absolutely insane dallas was able to
like reboot their whole franchise in one draft so So hey guys, before we go any further,
I want to talk to you about GameTime. GameTime is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
Created by fans for fans, GameTime is the ticketed app that makes it easier than ever to score last
minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
Me and Grinnelli have been taking advantage of this a long time now.
Playoff games, concerts, whatever you want to go see, use GameTime.
It's possible to snag those seats with the GameTime app.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats you thought you could never buy.
The purchase process takes just two taps in 10 seconds.
And once you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone, no printer needed. The app also allows you
to easily share tickets with friends via text so you can get to the game seamlessly. Skip the
hassle and enjoy the moment. Download the Game Time app or go to the website, enter your email
and redeem code CHICKLETSlets for 20 off your first purchase terms
apply florida boston that was another game today uh boston won six two they now have a 3-1 lead in
the series uh they did not have creche he's not going to be available wednesday uh florida did
not have ekblad they started but brofsky today uh mashon same you were talking about that play a few
minutes ago with same thing that happened the other night with point he plays the whistle
and if did you see the replay?
The ref did nothing wrong.
He was looking right down, and he didn't blow it, and the puck went right by him.
It was almost directly underneath him.
I thought he was in perfect position where in the Toronto game, the ref was in the corner,
and that's probably why he blew it sooner than he had to.
But hey, man, with this series and the adversity that Boston's faced,
I look to Don Sweeney and those deadline deals that he made to secure the fact that if they did have a couple
bumps and bruises along the way that they could still get it done I was a little bit nervous for
Boston going into Florida boys and especially with the I mean you lose your two first center
icemen and and what was the hardest thing about losing bergeron too
is they weren't starting with the puck they weren't snapping draws back we're on special
teams especially power play every time in the offensive zone you're starting with the puck
so there was a lot of holes in that lineup and charlie fucking coil and not only on top of that
him having to play that first line center role florida was trying to go for the head of the
snake florida was trying to entice him.
Kachuk was going after him.
Then at some point he got double-teamed,
and he just kept his composure.
He kept calm, and what does he do?
He scores that fucking opening goal by going net front presence
and battling for position on Barkov and gets it done.
Hall and Foligno, two guys who are hurt at the end of the year.
Buddy, Hall looks like he's back to the year where he won the Hart Trophy.
He's dangling, guys.
He's got that low center of gravity skating up and down the ice.
He's flying out there.
So Bertuzzi, his contributions.
I think McAvoy's leading playoffs in hits right now.
So talk about this group looking within and elevating their play in the absence
of two of their biggest players.
Holy fuck, the big bad Bruins are back.
They've always been here.
You picked them to miss the playoffs.
What happened to Krejci, RA?
Any idea?
I haven't heard anything.
He's already out for Wednesday, they said?
Yeah, they said he won't be in Wednesday
and Bergeron is a possibility.
He had that lower body injury nagging him at the end of the season so I'm I would assume it's something
along those lines McAvoy is a truck and the question marks going into game three and how
bad the Bruins were not only in game two they weren't good in game one either um he starts game
three off four seconds in running over Lundell. I think it was Lundell.
It's like this guy sets the tone.
And then today he runs over Kachuk.
And it's not just the hitting.
Like there's physical demand.
He's making the perfect outlet pass.
He's playing great defense.
He's got good gap.
He's just like turned into a  I mean we've said it all year.
He's a true stud number one defenseman.
And, R.A., going to you, can you apologize to everyone?
I got to know first for what for?
Allmark?
You wanted to pull.
Oh, yeah.
You wanted to pull Linus Allmark.
Not only is this guy saving the game as a goalie,
he's dropping the mitts and trying to square off with Matthew.
Like, you wanted to pull the Vezina winner,
and look at what he's done right in your eye, games three and four.
You should apologize to all Bruins fans.
Just to clarify, I didn't say pull him.
I said start swaying the next game.
Is that worse?
Is that worse?
What a semantics argument that is, Biz.
You hear what he just said to me?
You can't get pulled during the middle of the week, not during the game.
You get pulled during the game.
You know what I meant. Pull him as
the starter. I got a couple questions.
Is that worse than me
saying that the Bruins will miss the playoffs? One.
And two, was the
reason that you were saying that is because I feel
like before both games, they were saying
that Allmark was questionable. Now,
was that based off injury, or was I just
reading some bozo on Twitter saying that
Allmark was questionable?
Well, the third game, they said he was maybe not even going to make the trip
because when they had the morning lines, the Providence kid there, Boosie,
he was the one backing up Swainman Friday morning.
So it didn't even look like he might even make the trip.
So, I mean, I think he's definitely a little bit hobbled.
You saw him a little slow today, a couple saves getting up.
He was fantastic today.
He didn't do his post-game press conference either
because he was getting treatment on injury as well.
The fact that he's playing through treatment
and playing the way that he's playing is fucking insane.
Because for a goalie, as a forward, it's easy to hide.
Easier, obviously, than any other position
because you have two other linemates.
As a D-man, a little bit harder.
But as a goalie, and especially the way that the Florida Panthers snap it around.
Did you see that power play today where they ended up scoring?
Where they must have had 10 scoring chances and he's just going post to post, kicking saves out.
Now, Ari, but I can't let you off the hook here.
Even if healthy, it seemed like you were willing to lean towards swayman in game
three i just don't really understand your defense of them winning the vesna and then also willing to
just move on from him when he saved them and gave one because i didn't think that they played that
great and then he got maybe lit up in game two where yeah i wasn't crazy about that verhage goal
but what is your what's your overall reasoning where you're just like, oh, they don't really need goaltending
because of their structure?
Say sorry.
It's easier to just get ahead of it and say sorry.
Well, I mean, I'll apologize to Omar for saying you should have not played
game three, but, I mean, we always hear this team,
they have two number one goalies.
So, like, if one guy's hurt or he's a little banged up,
then if you have two number one goalies, which is kind of the party line
we hear from the team, then fucking just put Swayman in. If you've got two number ones and one guy's a little dinged up then if you have two number one goalies which is the kind of the party line we hear from the team then fucking just put Swayman in if you got two number ones and one guy's a little dinged
up can we agree that they don't can they can we agree that they maybe don't think that or Montgomery
doesn't because if he's banged up and he's still not playing Swayman like maybe it's not even a
question in his mind exactly well exactly that that that kind of puts that to bed that they have
you know what they think they have two number ones.
Now, you know, I think Swayman's up for the job 100. Obviously, Elmark's the number one. He had a great year.
But no, I don't regret saying it.
I mean, he didn't have a great game, too.
I know the team in front of him sucked, but I thought a couple of those goals
he didn't look great at.
And it's the playoffs, man.
And, you know, throw a fucking new goalie out there.
Maybe shake the team up.
He's a good goalie, Swayman.
You know, it wasn't like I was down on Omak. I know he said he's
going to win the Vezina. Everyone's going to fucking say that.
Maybe you had PTSD
from when
Rask was hurt and he
was trying to battle through it.
I guess we can move on.
Sorry, we can move on
from Boston.
Do we have more things to mention?
I was going to mention one thing, guys.
Dimitri orloff
has been fucking incredible uh he became the sixth defenseman since 1997 to register a point
in each of his first four playoff games with the franchise joining chris russell
jack johnson chris pronger matthias oland and ryan whitney four games with anaheim
you know what i had no idea. They must have been
the most trash secondary
assists. That was when
we beat San Jose, who won the President's
Trophy that year. We were the eighth seed.
And I don't remember one
point, so I'm guaranteeing that
they were pretty trashy points. But I'll
take being on that list. I got hit up
quick when that list was released, and I loved being
on it. But when you can't remember one of
the four points, that's
tough luck. And I got a trash memory
so maybe one of them was like maybe a first
assist. It wasn't a goal.
I don't think. But you know what?
The Bruins
having Orlov, McAvoy, Lindholm
on the ice at all times, it's just unfair.
And Kachuk
today, what a player, what a season.
But that penalty he took at the end of the period on Garnett Hathaway
was a dumb, dumb penalty.
He went in and he gave him a vicious cross check right above the pants
before the shoulder pad start.
Could have broke a rib.
Maybe he did.
And boom, penalty, B score.
And, of course, Merle's text to the group guys
uh bruins next goal is only minus 130 and they're going on the power play bing they bang at home so
it was um it was a master class of depth biz brought that up uh it just sucks like wanting
the bruins to you know go on a run for bergeron at creche and these guys you know their last kick
at the can it seems like and to have them both injured, it's, it's, I don't, I don't think they actually, I know
they can't win the Stanley Cup without, without Bergeron.
Now he's possible to play, but they definitely won't do shit even in the next round, no matter
who wins, Tampa or Toronto without those guys healthy.
So that, that's, that's a kick in the dick for Bruins fans.
So are you, are we writing off the Florida Panthers?
You guys think it's done? They can't, they can't seem to get the dick for Bruins fans. So are we writing off the Florida Panthers? You guys think it's done?
They can't seem to get the goaltending right now.
I know Lyon had a great push at the end of the year.
I don't think that goaltending played a factor either way.
They just gave up way too many high-quality scoring chances.
The discipline's not there,
and I just don't think their back end's good enough.
No Ekblad kick.
They can't come back from that
they need him out there yeah because do you think if they kept uh bruno it would have been much of
a difference with him or maurice it really wouldn't have mattered who was coaching them this year
no because i mean yeah no because it comes down to personnel i just don't think that they have
the personnel compared to boston like it's easy to always look towards coaching and in fact i i
praise maurice where he seems to be very calm,
demeanored, and he was so at the beginning of the season.
And the fan base was getting a little bit impatient
where they're saying, hey, you can start fucking barking a little bit
based on this play.
And then we saw it.
Remember in that Toronto game when he finally just the wires crossed
and he snapped?
It seemed like they had a great run towards after playoffs
and then towards the end of the year in order to clinch but they're just uh they're just not quite there and they're i i don't i don't like
that bullshit that they're trying to kick up non-stop i get why they're doing it it seems to
be at the end of the game like that no fuck off sorry power play um but uh no no no personnel, and I'm ready to write their obituary.
Yeah, I think we all are.
Actually, we've got to talk about the Marshawn quote.
I don't know if you guys saw the clip after the previous game.
Kachuk was chirping with Nosek,
and the microphones were picking up some NHL-caliber chirps,
stuff that a lot of people didn't expect to hear
or that they don't know that goes on.
The family stuff.
The family stuff.
You know what?
Usually, Biz, when I played, there's always been stuff brought up about guys, girls.
Yeah.
Would you agree with that?
Yeah.
There's certain guys who chirp who cross the line.
I mean, obviously, we know that Sean Avery is probably one of the most notorious ones.
He even did so, like, legit in a media scrum.
But, yeah, some guys cross the line, and it's like know i wasn't one of those guys that used to go there but with all these
mics around wit sometimes it picks it up so yeah i'm just saying like things are said on the ice
yeah they're vicious vicious things in the playoffs it gets even more intense and not i'm we're not
saying anything's true or anything but you know say, people say some crazy shit on the ice. Now, the reason we bring it up is because they were at, they asked
Marshawn about it and he, I think he pretty much no commented what was being said, but he did bring
up the fact that those microphones are a little bullshit in terms of what's getting out there to
the public. And I think it's a pretty valid argument where you're getting some pretty cool in-depth audio and video of what's actually happening on the ice.
But like I said, the stuff that's said shouldn't be getting out to the public.
So it's kind of a catch-22 in the fact that people want to get in-depth and hear these things.
But players are like, that shouldn't be out there.
And I think he brought up the PA and the NHL
right all right yeah I got it right here from Matt Porter at the Globe Moshand asked about
Kachuk's previous comments crossing the line spins it the other way Moshand said I think the NHL and
the media outlets have crossed the line to allow these mics uh he called it quote very disrespectful
end quote to the NHL NHL PA agreement and he wouldn't say if Chuck crossed the line of course so Mashaan's probably crossed the line of two in his day uh and boys at the end of the day
it's it's a workplace issue it's workplace banter in their environment like it might offend other
people but that's the that's their workplace that's what people say and you know people don't
have to like it and you know they were getting on Mashaan oh he said that then he interviewed with
a woman after it's like I settled down like I mean a lot of women cover the league. They know how these guys talk.
It can be uncouth at times,
but I think people are a little bit over the top about it.
But, yeah, they may want to reconsider where the mics are,
who wears them, and whether this stuff gets picked up in the future.
Well, it also in some cases causes problems too.
Like remember a couple years ago, or it might even have been last year,
when Riley was telling his teammate, rag it,
and then they all of a sudden tried to kick up dust that he said,
you know, he dropped the F-bomb.
So I just, I guess it's cool because you get the sound effects of the hits
and all that stuff, but you got to end up protecting the players,
and that's just the way that I look at it.
I don't know.
And R.A., we also have to bring up the fact that, like,
we can't sweep this under the rug.
You were obviously pissed off that Bergeron played game 82, and rightfully so from a fan perspective is you're like this is a a nothing
burger game they're already locked up the the best record in nhl history and i'll throw it over to you
to what your comments were and then what you ended up finding out i was saying the same thing so it
wasn't just ra you had a tweet that actually was going a little viral. And that's what.
And it was obviously, I know, fucking subtext and nuance on Twitter.
They don't really work.
But it was more of a joke when they arrest these guys for trades.
And they sit down for two, three, four weeks.
And it's like, for what?
This guy's got to go and be a seventh defenseman.
Meanwhile, this guy, maybe this last year's last best chance to win the Cup.
But he probably should be sitting.
And he doesn't sit. I was kind of making a joke. And yeah, I'm a fan. I was's last best chance to win the Cup, but he probably should be sitting, and he doesn't sit.
I was kind of making a joke, and yeah, I'm a fan.
I was pissed that he got hurt in the last game.
I didn't know his dad had cancer.
Nobody knew his dad had cancer, that he wanted to play that game in Montreal in front of his dad, and I even made the joke he didn't like the Canadiens.
He was a Deeks fan growing up, and I wrote jokingly,
sorry, Patrice, hurt people hurt people.
At 5.08, and then at 5.39, Dominic Tiano,
who covers the Bruins, come out with that information.
Obviously, he was provided to him, I would say,
that his dad has cancer and he wanted to play that game in Montreal.
Fuck, man, yeah, it's like, I didn't know that.
I mean, if I knew that and said it, yeah, I'm an asshole.
But I was, you know, a fan.
I made a comment, sort of joking about the whole, like,
load management thing.
And then it comes out, okay, his father was sick.
It's like, ah, shit, man, I fucking didn't know that. I wouldn't have said it. about the whole like load management thing and then it comes out okay his father was sick oh it's
like oh shit man i i fucking didn't know that i wouldn't have said it but i i mean no so i i i i
had a feeling and i was saying the same thing i just couldn't believe he played and i and i did
guess um that it was just going to be his last game in montreal that he plans on retiring and
that was his last game in montreal and that's why i was still dogging it like who cares you're gonna
you give you wouldn't stand the cup i had no idea his dad's battling cancer and he wanted to see him
play live and he had a ton of family members there so yeah total um my bad on that one but I mean I
never would have said any of that stuff had I known that it's his right to to to play any game
he wants to so when it's something like that goes into it, you're talking a totally different story. It's just
really bad luck. Come on, even
fans who would have tried to dunk on you about
not knowing that, you can't tell me at home
they're fucking getting mad that he would have been playing
game 82 and getting injured before the run?
Give me a break. No, they're non-Bruins
fans, I think, for the most part.
But yeah, I don't think anybody with a
rational brain holds it against you guys not knowing
that information.
So that pretty much wraps up Bruins, and Florida's in one right now, boys.
They sure are.
They sure are.
Let's move to Posh's battle of the Hudson, the Rangers-Devils.
People thought the Rangers were going to run away with this,
but Saturday, Lindy Ruff, he bounced his Czech goalie, Vitek Vanacek, from the crease and pulled in a  what's his name?
The Swiss rookie, Akira Schmid, his first playoff start.
Kid stopped 35 out of 36 shots.
Devils win 2-1 in OT.
Get right back in the series.
Chris Kreider, we've got to talk about this kid.
He's been unreal.
Fifth goal already in the playoffs, but Jack Hughes,
he's kind of come alive the last game.
What was your take on this game?
Does Devils continue to make this series,
or does the Rangers beat them next game?
Is this a series now that it's 2-1 or not?
Oh, it's a series.
And Shamid was a difference maker, right?
He played phenomenal.
And Vanacek was not good.
Those first two games, he was bad.
Pasha's so lucky that they won that game because had they been down 3-0,
I'll still say it, it's one of my favorite storylines in Chicklets history
is Pasha,
the legend behind the sandbagger.
This guy just puts out hit after hit,
and he steps his little toe into the content game and probably got, as Big Cat put it,
butt-fucked by the internet harder than I've ever seen anyone get crushed before.
I was on my couch crying, laughing as game two was happening.
I'm like, this idiot.
Patrick Kane scores one of the nastiest goals of the playoffs,
outskating Jesper Bratt.
And Posh is sitting there saying he's a liability who can't move his legs.
It was just everything, every single thing he said.
The opposite was happening.
I'm like, this loser.
I said he, he somebody a true
devil's fan should just no i said david putty from seinfeld should drag his ass to northern
british columbia and just send him packing with no internet and no television because he embarrassed
the entire organization but he he answered his team answered game three and he came out and he
said right after game two, I think
outside the arena, I made a video where he didn't even address the Kane comments as he was getting
torched by the internet community. He said, we got to put in Schmid. So, I mean, obviously kind
of a choice that I think a lot of Devils fans were saying, but that guy answered the bell.
I just think the Rangers though, I think the Rangers are so good. I think no matter what,
they're going to the conference final.
I could see them winning the cup.
Hamilton with a sick wrister on that goal.
He got it.
I thought he was going to shoot it right away.
I would have and wouldn't have scored.
He waited that split second, just picked the corner.
A beauty of a winner.
Great pass by Jesper Brad on that play.
But I still think the Rangers are just too much.
Like the Rangers out-crushed them for two games
and then easily could have won game three.
It went to OT.
In my mind, there's no chance the Rangers don't win that series.
Well, Shusterkin's buzzing right now, so that's a problem to begin with,
but the way that the Rangers, D, are playing,
and you got Fox, who's on a different planet.
His mental game, the plays that he makes and what he sees,
the roll-up play where Tarasenko scored that goal,
where he just takes the D,
I would say he's just as good at walking the blue line
as Haskin, as Klingberg, as Makar.
Six assists right now in playoffs,
and he sets up everything on that power play that's been lethal.
The problem for New Jersey is they weren't making any adjustments in the first come on so we got
three two we got three two kings over edmonton right and i think edmonton might have just got
lucky i think they might i want to see it again they could have had a penalty on this play but
i'm not they deserve a call we'll get to them later sorry biz go ahead fox is a machine fox
is a machine but then it's the other five guys. They're not letting anything to the inside.
They're unbelievable off the rush.
They're playing physical, sticks in lanes.
I've been very impressed with that Mikula.
I mean, Keiondre Miller, probably the best two-way defenseman on the team,
the way that he's able to play D and then also provide offense.
So overall, with what they got going, the responsibility of the kid line,
and with Terran Senko and Kane bringing everything that we expected,
yeah, they look dangerous.
But finally, Timo Meier, I would still say he's been pretty quiet.
Jesper Brat needed to make a play because he was invisible in the first two games.
Palat, he ends up getting assists, but still very quiet
considering he's got that
experience that he has. And then you mentioned Dougie Hamilton. He hadn't really done much,
so he's a guy that they look to provide offense in the regular season. 20 tucks,
one of the most offensive defensemen in the league. So overall, a horrible selly by him,
though, on that OT goal. Just embarrassing. What was that? He went straight emo, children of the corn,
didn't want to sell you with the teammate.
I think his remote...
What do the kids say when the remote control shuts off
or the guy's arms go down and he just kind of continues to skate
and he's expressionless?
Controller died.
The controller died on him.
That's the only way to explain it.
That's what the kids say.
But nonetheless, they're back in the series.
And I will say, say pasha as a friend
of yours i did a wellness check on him by the way i wouldn't be posting many of those frontal videos
anymore from your iphone because it does your forehead or five head as i like to call it no
justice i got one of those too but but i had he's the new steven a smith one of the comments was
one of the comments was on one of his videos,
your hairline's a liability.
I've gotten those too, Pasha.
You're getting crushed.
Guy, king of the hairline.
Oh, my.
Hey, because you don't know, right?
It's his first real experience dipping his toe in by giving a hot take
and experiencing what the backlash of the internet can bring i called him i said buddy how you doing
he goes i'm licking my wounds a little bit but overall doing all right i said i had the bees
missing playoffs buddy i've been hearing it too i got butch gorn fucking sending leaners on my door
here with the with the old turds and i'm floating floating in my room when I open the door. Shit.
Hey, Biz, back to Dougie for a second.
He now holds the team record for the franchise,
his 23rd goal of the season, regular season and playoffs included.
No Devils ever had 23 in a season, including the playoffs.
Also, he's just the second defenseman in franchise history, going back to Kansas City and Colorado to score a playoff OT goal.
The only other guy in franchise
history, almost 50 years, Brian Rafalski
back in 2001. It's kind of crazy.
I mean, a team around 50 years, they've only had two
defensemen score a fucking playoff overtime
goal. No shit. Well, it's
because they used to play their old
system, man. The defensemen would stay at the red
line. They wouldn't even come in the offensive
zone. I
still believe, though though that they should insert
luke hughes i i'm not no offense no offense to this ball kid it ain't like he's got this crazy
amount of experience i get that he brings a different dynamic but we saw what he could bring
in college hockey and i know you said oh that's not the same thing well look what faber and nise
are doing they're inserting those young legs and that young juice into the lineup.
And then he scored the fucking overtime winner in game 82 of the season,
assisted by his brother.
And just going back to Jack Hughes,
the growth that he's shown too with all these press conferences,
just letting it fly and really not holding back and showing raw emotion,
it's huge, man.
He's a league superstar.
I felt that he might have been a little bit timid before,
too timid,
but now that he's doing what he's doing on the ice
and then being the guy where he's willing to answer the cameras
after games, after every loss or win,
I fucking tip my cap to the kid, man.
He's showing tremendous growth.
Yeah, and I think you can disagree with me on this one.
I think it might have helped him getting on the road, you have this amazing season you're at home uh gee play the play the clip of him after
game two yeah we got whacked uh two games in a row so last thing I want to do is stand and talk
in front of you guys so we got whacked like I said I don't want to talk to you guys we just got
whacked two games in a row but getting on the the road, he's scored some sick goals in MSG before, right?
That probably felt good.
And that was an unreal snipe he had in game three.
So, yeah, Tampa, Toronto, and New York, New Jersey,
tonight as you're listening is big time, big time.
I can't wait for these two.
What's your guys feeling? because i saw a couple comments i didn't see the the hairlines a liability one that's 10
out of 10 funny what do you make of him being such a hardcore fan yet refusing to wear merch
no you're so i was i was actually disgusted at most of the chirps online people are saying oh
dude doesn't even have a jersey on i I hate to break it to you guys.
If you're an adult, you probably shouldn't be wearing a jersey.
Maybe that's an unpopular take, but I don't know.
He had a hat on.
He had a black devil's hat on.
I don't know.
Maybe he didn't wear it at MSG because they got whacked the first two.
But the first night, the first two games, he looked fine.
He had a devil's hat on.
You don't need to rock a signed jersey by your favorite player if you're 39 years old like
that's just not a necessity am i am i wrong i agree i've never been a huge jersey guy even
when i was younger i mean i have a couple like more or less in the closet but yeah i was never
a jersey to the game guy i probably did it once or twice but i mean i'm not gonna knock guys who
do but yeah i don't think you're less of a fan because you don't own a fucking
jersey or you wear one, but don't wear one.
Yeah, that's the way to put it. Like, there's no chance
you could say somebody cares any less than
you because they're not wearing, like,
the foam finger at the game.
And let's be honest. I mean, it's Saturday night.
It's New York City. We all know Posh.
He's a single guy. Yeah, he's trying to get his dick wet.
He's trying to get his dick wet. He's trying to sneak
into some club and tell
some girl he's like a billionaire with his own jet he is true he's jack i guess he's just telling
the truth jack and luke's agent yeah having the christmas tree colored gomez shirt on probably
kills your fucking chances of getting a little fucking ass out out there once in a while uh
biz so how many more games do you think this series has left anyways? Do you think Jersey takes a couple more?
I believe I said Rangers in five, and I'm going to stick to it.
I'm very confident in all my predictions.
And I know a lot of you are saying, well, you had the Islanders in seven.
You don't think that was my one reverse mush?
I'm even wearing the Borelli shirt to mush those guys.
I said to Butch Goring on Twitter, I said, with that four check
and how they fucking pressure the puck,
you'll be lucky if you last five, Butchy
boy. And you didn't even bring up
the power play. Should we go
to that series already? What power play? They should start
negating them. Oh my god.
Oh, the Islanders Carolina? Yeah, we
could jump right to that one right now. Well, to be fair,
in game three, they did finally
capitalize with Palmieri in front by just simpl simplifying but one of the worst playoff performances as far as
power play is concerned I've ever seen they are just awful stagnant they just they don't even
move the puck fast and they're just standing there before we continue folks you know that
we've been part of the Chevy EV family but we've got big news great news you've
seen it before the first ever all-electric silverado is the official barstool most valuable
truck we got the chance to see this thing and experience it it's a complete game changer
it's available 400 mile range g estimated, on a full charge.
Over 10 feet of length in the bed with a multi-flex tailgate combined with a multi-flex mid-gate.
Multi-flex is just, when you got a tailgate and a mid-gate with multi-flex, you're winning.
There's a large 17-inch diagonal display screen.
Everyone wants that big screen out front when you're driving. You see your music playing.
You see maybe where you're wanting to go on Waze or one of those things I'm talking about.
Google Maps.
17 inches ain't bad.
It could tow up to 1,000 pounds of max towing.
It goes 0 to 60 in under 4.5 seconds with the wow mode.
Whip it out Wednesday wow mode.
Thing gets humming 4 and a half seconds and up to an impressive 785 foot pounds of torque.
Torque is another valuable word when it comes to trucks.
Head over to chevy.com to learn more right now.
Bo Horvat next year starts eight years, eight and a half.
He, what's, where is he?
It's like, I don't know, he's got nothing going.
I mean, even, I think he had 31 in Vancouver,
and then, what does he have, seven with the Islanders?
It's just, maybe it's that system,
but you need your top guys going.
I mean, Carolina's missing three of their best forwards,
and they're still just running over the Islanders.
But, this is a big but, the Islanders are with the Wild fans and the Oilers fans.
They're getting hosed by the refs.
Hosed.
We saw what happened in Game 2 with that Mayfield high stick.
We discussed that last episode.
While they come out, they have a great effort in game three.
That was a lock.
I think Merles gave that one out.
That was a solid bet.
I like the Islanders in that game.
But then today, I mean, they ended up getting their asses kicked.
But did you guys see the goaltender interference call on Parisi?
There's two in the first period that were atrocious.
Bruta.
The guy gets buried into the goalie and gets a penalty.
And Carolina scored, didn't they?
Maybe they didn't actually.
Don't fact check me on that one.
It doesn't even matter because it's just Islanders fans have a legit grief going on.
I really think that Carolina has played better than them.
So I guess in the end it doesn't matter.
But they've also gotten some pretty tough breaks from the officiating.
Yeah, today just to get the people up to speed, game four, Carolina won 5-2.
Actually, a pretty cool scene, Biz.
Mackenzie McGeacher, 29 years old, St. Louis, rather, drafted her back in 2012.
Scored his first NHL playoff goal today, 29 years old, added his first assist as well.
I thought that was a really cool story.
He spent the season with AHL Chicago, Wasn't even on an NHL team this season
because of all the injuries they had. He was with the
Black Aces. I don't know. I thought that was a
nice little thing to fucking share with the folks.
It's next man up for them.
I was a little bit nervous, and you just mentioned
it, Whit, with having three of their top six
guys out, like the lack of offense.
I actually looked at the Islanders'
lineup as far as forwards, and I thought that
they looked deeper. Just names on paper. Horvat see he finally ended up scoring in the third period but he
hadn't had a point in the first 11 periods of the series so just really invisible I mean the other
the other awful call too you're thinking of was when uh it was on Barzell when he got cross-checked
by Burns and he goes into the wall, and they called it a coincidental
where they called him for a dive.
So they were getting the raw end of the deal.
Do I feel bad for them? No.
Because I don't want to watch their boring asses anymore.
I want them gone in five because they're just pathetic.
They suffocate the offense.
And that might be a reason why Bo horvath's not clicking because i
ended up reaching out to rick tocket and i was like you know what are you seeing on their power
play it's horrendous and like why isn't horvath going he goes well biz he goes he was only here
for three games while i was here but from watching all the tape he was very effective as the bumper
guy in the middle of the ice and he said that that islanders don't really utilize that much where they seem to
just really rely on matt barzell not only in zone but on zone entries so you saw it there in game
three as well where he did the zone entry he ended up getting his pocket picked and then brock nelson
ended up flat-footed where they went back the other way and and and carolina scored two on one
shorthanded did they win that game and finally end up capitalizing on the power play?
Sure.
But aside from that, it's just completely killed all their momentum.
They've gotten no help from the officials.
And not only with them suffocating their own offense,
they just don't defend and check like they did under Trotz.
Like nowhere near it.
Like I was expecting Carolina to, you know the Spider-Man meme I was expecting
that in this series where they both defend and and forecheck really well but the way that Carolina
pressures the puck it doesn't matter who you put in the lineup because the mentality of Rob
Brindamore and the way that the organization plays it's every guy five-man unit constantly
pressuring the puck and there's no delays that
next guy the first guy pressuring the puck if that islanders player makes the play that next guy has
another guy breathing down his neck because they work as a five-man unit and that's why every time
you see islanders in the offensive zone they can't get any type of sustained pressure they close the
playoff and they break out and it's right back to the other end. And just as much as they
pressure the puck in the defensive zone, they're
doing it on the forecheck. And when they gain control,
they work their fucking bags
off along the wall and they get it done.
And then when you give them opportunities on
the power play, what do they do?
They capitalize. Even with their three
best fucking players out offensively.
Excuse me, not three best because Ajo is pretty
fucking good.
But two of their best goal scorers in Pacioretty and Shvetchnikov.
But, hey, once again, with injury comes opportunity.
Who had a fucking stellar game?
That Jarvis.
He's a crafty player, man.
That play that he made, that puck hits his chest and and he goes right down, and he makes that play quick.
Just a fucking gamer.
So Carolina, I'm sorry that you feel that I disrespected you by picking the Islanders.
That was a classic reverse mush.
Credit to you guys for battling through these injuries
and not allowing it to be an excuse.
Carolina in five.
Yeah, I had Carolina in this series,
and unfortunately, I think the Rangers might crush them.
And it's just with those three guys out, once you keep going,
it's going to get harder and harder.
I mean, the Islanders just have no scoring ability.
It is just
You know who their best line offensive has been consistently?
The identity line, their fourth line.
They're the only reason that they won that game three.
The Islanders set a playoff record.
I don't know if you know that game two, four goals in two minutes and 18 seconds.
They ended up getting a miracle over in that game.
But we've got to give Scott Mayfield a shout out.
Did you see that diving empty netter he scored from about 185 feet away?
He kind of tripped, dove, whacked the puck, hit the empty netter.
I thought, I mean, probably the best of the year, baby.
Any more participation ribbons you want
to give out for the Islanders, R.A.?
Buddy, I mean, it was a fucking pretty awesome
goal.
Relbos has unbelievable food.
He's going on the bench, Biz.
That was funny.
And then he sucker punched Nelson.
Nelson, yeah, because his stick
broke somewhere in there. Either of you guys ever get dumped on a bench like that at any time?
I did go on a bench one time.
Fuck, where was it?
I was holding on to my stick.
I think I got hit to three benches.
I got hit into benches Biz was sitting on.
Yeah.
I don't think I've ever been hit into the opposing team's bench.
I'm not sure if you mentioned Toivo Taravainen.
He got his hand broke from Scott Mayfield that game too as well.
He's out for the year.
Rod Brindle, I'm not sure if you saw his press.
He seemed pretty pissed off about it.
That's the third prominent player he's lost,
but I don't think he'd keep marching on.
We'll see what happens with him.
I think that one's over next game though, Biz.
100.
I pray I'll be going at Butchie online
I've been saving a few, I got a few in my draft folder
for the four time Stanley Cup winner
that's the only place I can get him
he's got me everywhere else
I don't know if you heard about this, it was kind of weird
Valerie Nachushkin
on Colorado, he left the team for personal reasons
very early, it was reported Sunday morning
Jared Bednar said
I have no idea if it's a long-term situation.
It's very atypical to happen during the playoffs.
I mean, it's even weird during the season,
but you don't see it during the playoffs.
He played the first two games, had one goal.
So, I mean, hopefully everything's all right with the guy.
You hate to see anything like this happen.
I hope everything's all right, R.A., but it doesn't fucking matter.
All they need is a goalie who's competent,
and the way that McKinnon's playing right now ronan and mccarr it's fucking nuts that healthy goal a healthy mckinnon i'm gonna say this
this might be a stretch if if i could build the perfect hockey player it would be nathan mckinnon
i think playoff wise he is the best hockey player on the planet it is fucking insane did you see him at
the end of the game going after guys yeah because he's got that anger man he's he's he's got that
dog in a man and i call him in my car the juke gods ace was calling them the bone collectors
they must have juked eight guys in that game donato was sitting there i think donato it looked
like he had no fucking blades in his skates the way that he did that and right before that McKinnon scored that
and walked him he did that little 360 move right before that what they're fucking doing right now
and I don't even think Makar's fully healthy and he's doing this so between the three of them it's
such an amazing contrast in you have this Seattle team who I don't think we gave enough credit
coming into the season and then maybe not even coming into playoffs
where they just have these very, very good, well-rounded players
who are really good at everything, and they've gelled together as a group.
And they have this chip on their shoulders because they've been these outcasts
and some of them have been let up for expansion.
Fuck the kid. Who's the kid who's the kid
who came over from nashville they gave him away from free and he's been awesome for them tolvanen
tolvanen right mccann mccann was a throwaway he scored 40 fucking goals now they got him in a
five times five deal which is a bargoon if you're asking me and then all of a sudden grubauer he's
playing well but it just doesn't matter when you have game breakers like
mccarr mckinnon and ranton and they're playing to the level that they're playing they're un-fucking
beatable they're unbeatable what we're watching right now with between these three fucking put
put three more of me on the ice with those guys and we can get the job done. Maybe not. No. Maybe not. Pump the brakes. I'll pump the brakes.
Let's ride that one back a little bit.
I'll tell you, though, Colorado's got the champion mindset, too,
of they're down 2-0 in Game 2 at home.
And, boom, they came roaring back and got that win
and then just hit full steam in Game 3.
But the changing point of the series, the TSN turning point,
Brandon Tanev makes it 2-0 and starts blowing kisses to the crowd.
The cuck master.
The cuck master.
No, he's cucking the Avalanche crowd's wives, man.
That's why they snapped.
Dude, they didn't want to let some Seattle Kraken
take some jersey-wearing season ticket
hold their Avalanches fan woman away from them.
She sucked them off through the camera hole.
You didn't see that?
No, it was bad.
It was bad.
I heard about it.
The husband was filming it, though.
I think he kind of enjoyed it.
You know they're definitely a
they're the ones that are hanging around for autographs
where they're driving out in the parking lot after the game.
They're like, can I please watch you?
So Tana blew the kisses, and since then, Colorado.
You ain't stealing any of our woman in the Mile High City.
No chance.
Very cool to see that building rocking for their first ever playoff game.
Schwartzy ends up scoring the first playoff goal in that playoff goal
in the building's history.
Very cool to see him come back, though,
and tie it up with those two goals in 19 seconds.
Beneers gets his first ever NHL playoff goal as well.
But as I said, I think I picked Colorado in five games this series.
If those three studs are playing the way that they're playing,
I just don't see a way that Seattle can beat them.
Yeah, Nate's in fucking Nate mode right now.
Biz, it was the first Stanley Cup playoff game in Seattle in 104 years.
Of course, Seattle Metropolitans won a Stanley Cup way back in the day.
Also, Nate Dogg, just the second player in franchise history
with at least 10 multi-goal games in the playoffs.
Mr. Sackick, of course, is the other one.
So, yeah, I don't think Seattle's going to be able to keep up
with these boys either way.
Let's see.
Did you see Sprong eat shit on that odd man rush too?
That's the worst, isn't it?
When you just go ass over tea kettle.
I see that you're dialed into this game.
The Oilers are going to the power play.
Down one goal with 50 seconds left in the second.
It's turning back around for the refs.
Oh my God, that's a horrible call.
Fiala literally just made a perfect hit on Dreissel
and got a penalty.
That's worse than the Foligno call.
That was one of the worst calls of the playoffs
as we're recording.
Wait till you see this
where everyone probably has seen it listening right now.
Because the Oilers, you know, are scoring on this power play.
And we got fresh ice, even if we don't get it done in the end of the second all right sorry moving ahead
see uh moving back Seattle congrats on on uh right now competing way harder than I thought they could
but I but I think that one is probably going to end in maybe five probably six Seattle might get
the next game at home as you think uh I would would say I'm sticking with Colorado the way those three are playing.
And then just as I went earlier in the podcast,
I talked about these crucial face-off wins.
Colorado has two big goals off those one face-offs in the offensive zone.
One is that bumper play.
When the face-off is on the right side of the ice to the goaltender,
like if you're looking at Seattle's goal and you're on the right side of the ice to the goaltender. Like if you're looking at Seattle's goal and you're on the right side,
they usually have Bo Byram,
who's the D closest to the wall,
and they try to snap it back to him
and he just gives that little bumper to McCarr,
who's a righty,
and it just goes right in his wheelhouse.
So it's nearly impossible to defend.
And then the other one that they scored on
was it was just a direct one draw
right back to McCarr
and then he stepped into it.
So those are coming up huge, man.
And they're very impressive, and I agree with you.
Heart of a champion.
They were down 2-0 and battled back,
and now it seems like they're in full control of that series.
Doesn't that hack stall look fucking right?
That's such a bullshit fucking call.
And it's Dreisaitl who scores it.
This is a fucking joke.
Awful call.
Why don't we just get to Edmonton?
Let's go right to Edmonton right now.
Because we've got to wait
until the end of this game.
We have to wait
until the end of this game.
Fuck!
I know.
We have to wait
until the end of this game.
Well, who else do we got to talk about?
Winnipeg, Vegas?
Game four is tonight, 930.
But Winnipeg, man,
what a fucking comeback they made.
They were down 4-1.
Furious third period comeback goals
from Niederreiter, Scheifele, Lowry
with 22 seconds left.
They forced OT.
But then in overtime, Michael Amadio on Vegas.
He's the fifth player in the last 25 years to score his first playoff goal
in a double OT or later.
Now that play, Dylan Sandberg, the defenseman for Winnipeg.
Gotta go up the wall.
Gotta go up the wall.
That's what I was going to ask.
Did he make a mistake there or was it luck, or what was the deal there?
Kyle Conner's on that wall, right, and he didn't have anybody breathing down his neck.
Yeah, would it have been a good play to put it right on his stick
so he can go right up ice and transition?
Yeah, it would have been.
But you're in overtime, and then you've got that forecheck
that's been lethal the last two games,
and you have Barbashev breathing down your neck.
Well, he tries to make a tape-to-ta tape pass instead of just making the simple play going up the wall
you could see his frustration afterward he was ready to break his stick i don't know who his
defense partner was but it was pretty cool to see him grab him and be like hey buddy like
listen that's one game it's one mistake put it behind you did you see that motion wit
that that he that he gave to his teammate?
Just a nice gesture, man, because you feel like you're on an island,
the biggest loser in the world when you make a play like that.
But going back, so game one, Winnipeg held Vegas to 17 shots,
only two in the third period.
That's a fucking joke.
Eichel didn't look good.
He was minus one.
Getting the cobwebs out.
Same with Stone.
Coming back from injury.
First game back.
Played over 20 minutes.
We actually had the opportunity on the TNT broadcast
to talk to Alex Petrangelo.
And I said,
listen,
they limited you and really put a wet blanket
on your offense.
What needs to change?
He goes,
well,
two things.
He goes,
our D need to get more involved.
Their highest goal score this year,
points wise, was Eichel, 65 points. So they don't have anybody who can just take control like a
McKinnon or a McDavid. They need to get it done by committee. And part of that committee is the
right side of their defense, Alex Petrangelo and Shea Theodore. And they have that confidence to
jump in the rush and make those offensive plays because on the left side they have McNabb and Martinez.
So they're holding the fort and they're just the shot blockers,
which we'll get to that because they were fucking maniacs in game three.
But he said we got to get more involved offensively there.
And one thing that definitely needs to change,
we need to establish our forecheck.
That's what made it successful all year long.
And what do they do?
They fucking come out guns a-blazin'.
And when I mean all hands on deck, it's all hands on deck.
Chandler Stevenson looks fucking unbelievable.
Incredible.
He had that opening goal in Game 3 to get them going,
and that propelled them to where they got on a power play.
He makes that setup to Eichel for his second of the series and then Eichel ends up getting his second power play goal that
game in in Winnipeg but just overall in that second game going back home to Vegas they completely
dominated and they looked like a different team and it was nice to see Eichel get that goal to
really take the monkey off his back as far as playoff performing.
Going to that game in Winnipeg, the whiteout, unbelievable.
The scene outside, and as much as I love Toronto,
that whiteout scene outside is the coolest thing.
What would you say?
It looks amazing.
It looks unreal.
Right down that street, it looks so big and lush and all these fucking people going crazy.
And you know they were buckled from probably 6 a.m.
because it was an afternoon game.
But right from puck drop, it was Colasar in on that forecheck,
gets the big hit, gets in the fight.
That kind of got them revved up.
And then, as I mentioned, Chandler Stevenson.
What a great play through the neutral zone to get that speed.
One thing that I wasn't impressed with and why I thought Winnipeg was getting dominated early on was their gaps looked
like shit that on that first goal Chandler Stevenson he was at the red line when he had the
puck it looked like Schmidt was was at the blue line so he goes in uses Schmidt as a screen and
fucking puts it top geez but then they were undisciplined took some stupid penalties
vegas power play took over and at that point it was 4-1 wit and hey credit to them for the comeback
the the comeback was great it's such a heartbreaking way to lose to to just to just be
down 4-1 the building silent after colasar scores to make it 4-1, and then all of a sudden you put in all this energy
and you make it all the way back, tie it up.
Lowry, man, I didn't know enough about his game.
I don't see Winnipeg play enough.
I was actually surprised.
I don't remember, again, who was doing the play-by-play,
but when they were bringing him up and what game it was said,
but they said future captain, the next captain of the Winnipeg Jets.
I hadn't really thought about that, but that guy is built for the playoffs i keep saying that
about so many different players but you see the difference makers that maybe in the regular season
their game is is is solid but until it all ramps up that's when you see like their true um how much
they mean and and so that guy tying it up late
and that team going through that
to mount that comeback only to lose,
it's just like, oh, it's heartbreaking.
And now you got to think that the Jets,
I mean, they got to get the next one, right?
Well, buddy, how about that loss of Morrissey?
That's the next thing.
And they've already said he's out for the series, right for the series rest of the first round yeah oh yeah that that makes me think it's
just going to be too much to to climb back from um mark stone and the excitement on goals is just
is pretty crazy to watch two goals on 420 that was a chicklets game notes daily somebody some
one of the viewers that graninnelli talked about said,
hey, it's 420, bet stone, and he gets two.
So for some reason, I don't know why,
I haven't been as into this series as some of the other ones.
That comeback was amazing, so that kind of got me more into it.
But the beginning of that game was kind of a little boring.
Maybe just the crowd getting taken out of it
was kind of affecting me as a viewer.
little boring maybe just the crowd getting taken out of it was kind of affecting me as a viewer but well did you see did you see colasar score that goal off the the jack eichel pass off the pads
and then have the staring contest with the fan so we have tan have cucking a guy's wife and then we
have a staring contest going down in the middle of a game and i think that that's what propelled
them that that or maybe the adjustments that Bonus made,
because Scheifele was non-existent, right?
They had that top line of the big boys, and he was non-existent.
Who's it, Dubois, Kyle Conner, and Scheifele hadn't done much.
So in that third period, he bumped him down to the second line,
and him and Wheeler had some chemistry going.
And then sure enough, Scheifele ends up getting one.
Right after he turned it over on the power play,
and the crowd's like, oh, fuck, give me a break,
he ends up going back down and ends up scoring that goal
and using the defenseman as a screen.
So it was a pretty sick comeback.
Sucks to see them lose that one, but credit to Vegas, man.
I'm looking for the team tweet right here.
They made a joke, too, about Stone on 420. Something like getting stoned
on 420 because something they
wouldn't have done three years ago. Now it's fucking legal everywhere
and every housewife's on edibles. Guys,
one sec here. Before
this show keeps going,
I got to talk to you about Topgolf.
Best in the business. If you
don't consider yourself a golfer, great.
No problem. Anyone could come to Topgolf
and enjoy themselves.
We had a blast recently going to a Topgolf. The facilities were state-of-the-art.
The staff was helpful and friendly, not to mention the half-price Tuesday deal.
We golfed, ate, and filled up an entire afternoon, and it wasn't even half-price Tuesday.
Imagine if we came then and played twice as much. That's what Top
Golf is all about. The food and beverage aspect is just a game changer as well. Since Top Golf
hooks players up on Tuesday with half price gameplay, you should definitely try their variety
of food and drink items on the menu because you cannot play. You cannot hit a golf ball if you're
hungry. Nothing is worse than golf on an empty stomach. You can't focus.
You want to hit the ball straight. You need food to do that. Topgolf is all about play,
but even then you have some rules that we need to tell you about. Half price Tuesday appies
applies to gameplay only. It isn't offered at every single venue and it can't be doubled up
with either offers or discounts. Full details can be found at TopGolf.com.
It's golf. It's not golf. It's TopGolf.
Pro tip, by the way.
Download the app and book ahead of time to come play around on Half Price Tuesday or any other day.
TopGolf. It's where it's at.
Well, we've been updating the Oiler Kings game all night, and Game 4 just ended.
And wow, we got a best of three right now the oilers win 5-4 in ot zach hyman calls game 10 39 into the
extra session the eighth ot game already at this playoffs with dog your oilers won best of three
how you feeling my friend uh i'm just ecstatic i i'm in shock too and and any fan out there
will tell you when your team's in overtime in the playoffs,
it's an indescribable feeling.
It's like pins and needles.
You're just sitting there waiting for your balls to just
their balls are in your stomach.
You're waiting for the best feeling in the world that I just got,
or you're just waiting for heartbreak.
And for us, we were done I I can't say enough about the LA Kings as a hockey team oh weird okay shocker
never ever ever did I dog them biz I said you said are you scared I go I'm not scared of anyone
but Jesus maybe if I knew actually how well-rounded of a team they had, I would have been scared. So maybe I could go back on that statement.
Maybe you were right for once.
But they come at you in waves.
Arvidsson, this guy, when did he become one of the best players in the league?
Kopitar hasn't slowed down.
Deneau is just always in the way defensively.
Trevor Moore, it's amazing.
Now, we deserve this one because the Oilers got hosed in
game three. One of the many fuck jobs by the refs in this Stanley Cup playoff so far. And for people
who don't know what happened in overtime, the puck went up in the air, and there's videos of the puck climbing.
It's still going up like a drive, like a good drive off of a big old tailor-made golf club,
sailing up in the air.
And then it hits Gabe Velarde's stick and drops down.
High sticking, right?
Nope.
And they actually went and reviewed it after they scored the OT winner
and said there was no conclusive evidence that hit his stick.
I find that appalling.
I find it shocking.
And there's a blatant angle of the puck stopping, climbing in the air,
and dropping down to the ground.
And I don't know if you guys agree or disagree.
Did you even know that that was a rule that you could challenge that?
I did. even did you even know that that was a rule that you could challenge that i did i did okay because because first of all i i didn't know that you could challenge that after the play i thought that was something the ref would have had to have called in the midst
of the of the play going on i thought they were originally calling it to see if it hit the mesh
now another thing too is mcdavid had stopped playing because he saw it he was on the ice
and he saw that happen.
Some people say they can't really tell from the direction of the puck,
but if you pay attention to his blade on the replay,
you could see the blade move and it's obvious.
And coming from somebody who's rooting for the Kings,
yes, I truly believe that the Oilers got hosed in that.
That should have been called back and it should have been continuous OT moving on.
The other part of that game is the other penalties that were called.
So the penalty on Nugent Hopkins in overtime, I actually didn't complain or have not complained about that one
because you just see now if you slash down on a stick and the stick breaks, it's a penalty.
I'm not saying I agree with it, but that's how the league calls it now if you give a stick check and the stick breaks which shouldn't be a penalty
considering the sticks break all the time like 500 sticks just gone bing bang boom smashed cracked but penalty okay earlier in the game the deharney penalty on dersey and and and
the the kings and how good their team is they're embellishers now i saw elliot friedman and and
biecka saying they actually didn't have an embellishment penalty this season but this
series dude it's been ridiculous deharney pushes Durzee in the chest with his forearm.
The most normal playoff post-whistle push.
He flops against the glass.
Penalty.
They score the second goal to go up 2-1.
McDavid, two snipes on the power play.
And Leon, an unnecessary, so I'm not saying he's not at fault
because there's no need for it.
You just took the lead 2-1, but he skates by Doughty
and gives him maybe the biggest love tap I've ever seen in the shin pad
and the fucking ref calls it.
Like, it's not a penalty, especially in the playoffs.
No need to do it.
So probably should have just skated to the pile to celebrate.
But you can't put a team on the pile play,
which I think they ended up scoring.
I think Kempe scored about 10 seconds later.
It was an unreal setup play too.
I know.
So a lot of the times now the power plays,
you'll have the defenseman skate up ice,
and usually one of the best forwards will lag back.
And then you'll force the two forward checkers to back off closer to the blue line and
then you'll fire it back so that forward can have now have the separation to have an easy zone entry
now I feel like Edmonton saw that coming so maintain their positioning and try to stay up
on the line well LA knowing that with the set play I want to say it was Arvidsson who ended up firing it off the far wall
and Kempe with the wheels he had
just skates right into it,
makes no mistake,
has that half clapper
and ends up tying the game shortly thereafter.
Now, the Leon retaliation was based on the fact...
What did you think on that, Biz?
Give me honest, unbiased...
No, no, buddy.
So I thought they got hosed on the overtime call
and I definitely think that that was a love
tap and shouldn't have been called he was retaliating because he thought that dowdy's
hit on mcdavid was knee on knee now keep in mind connor played through it stayed out there on that
power play and ended up scoring his second power play on the night i thought that the la kings had
done a great job of adjusting where they're trying to take that seam pass to dry sidle away
as much as possible but mcdavid being the genius hockey iq that he has and how fucking much of a
wizard he is he ends up sneaking in and then he scores on the on the glove side on the first one
now if you're that net front defenseman for the kings what you're told is is you're supposed to
take the far side of the net away
so it helps Corposalo cut the net in half.
Well, they do that on the second one, and that's the second power play when McDavid was a little bit banged up.
And then what does he do?
I think it fucked with Corposalo's head, the fact that he beat him glove side.
Then he ends up beating him blocker side.
So exact same play as the flank guy coming
down and how he's able to use his speed but not only that too by mcdava just like as he pulls
that in and elevates it as quick as he does it doesn't matter if you're taking that seam pass
away because he's a dual threat he's gonna fucking pass through those seams or he's got that lethal
shot so overall an incredible game uh definitely thought that the Oilers got hosed,
but moving forward to game four,
and by the way, game three,
and really the whole series so far,
maybe other than that second period,
Corpozalo has been lights out.
He is a fucking machine.
His ability and his skating ability
to go post to post and spread out
and time all these crazy plays
that the Oilers are doing.
Cap off to him and great job by Rob Blake going to solidify
their goaltender among the rest of the team they have.
Moving to game four though, Witt.
Storylines going in.
I don't really want to hear about officiating anymore
in this series.
That call on Fiala was worse than the felino hit he literally just holds his ground in
the middle of the ice he hits dry sidle he falls down and then they give him a penalty and they
score on the ensuing power play so i just don't really and you talk about embellishment i even
thought the one in overtime was a little bit soft on what on bouchard maybe a little bit a little but hey
okay fine whatever i don't even need to argue play i don't even mean it wasn't a power play
no i said he was on the power play so he couldn't have been that that hurt if he was playing on the
power play no maybe at the end him grabbing the back but the actual cross check like you're going
down on that cross check okay what i you know what? I can take an L on that one.
I'm just saying the one on dry side was bullshit.
I just really don't want to hear about officiating from like,
Oilers, we're getting hosed.
I'm willing to say, because of the Fiala call,
that now, and especially with the series tied 2-2,
no complaints from either side.
All right.
You both got gifts in this series
maybe a couple more for the kings i mean going into game four it was 15-8 power plays like
for how edmonton controlled the first three games 15 to 8 a little nuts but but i'm with you it's
over both sides both sides have a bitch now and it's tied to two2. Going into game four, the main storylines for me was Hyman, Kane, Nugent Hopkins.
And they all showed up.
They all were way better.
The goal by Kane to tie the game late, I think three minutes left.
Keith Yandel did a great job breaking it down on TBS, TNT, whatever,
before overtime.
Ekholm made that play.
And it might not look like that.
It's a second assist that he deserves.
It's not a wit off the glass second assist.
He's lugging it up ice.
And because of that, Biz, Keith brought up one of the defensemen,
the one rushing it up ice.
As the opposing defenseman, you can't gap up
because you know the forwards could still be behind you.
If it's a four, you can really get up.
You know no one's behind you.
But as a defenseman doing that, you're backing up, backing up.
He makes a quick, perfect dish, like a five-foot pass to McDavid in full tilt,
who just throws it over to his left.
And Kane, what a snipe.
I mean, that thing was right where the crossbar meets the post.
The perfect shot.
You can't blame Corposalo at all for that one.
And then in overtime hyman this
is what's funny is as good as corpus allo's been that's a bad goal i i i think he was cheating on
pass yeah it goes right through his arm one that you gotta stop but he's been so good that it is
hard to kind of fault him but that's a goal that he'd want back and and i think edzo said that by
the way also shout out to to Forsling and Edzo,
and I think it was Sheriff Shane Knighty in between the benches.
Hell of a game.
Hell of a broadcast for those guys.
Forsling's awesome.
Seattle, I mean, I think, I don't know,
I'm sure he was bummed to get let go in Carolina,
but he's perfect.
I really love how he does play-by-play.
And Edzo's one of the GOATs.
So earlier in the game, for the Oilers to go down 3-0 and come back,
I have been so hard on Campbell all year.
But him coming into that game, and that save on Arvidsson in the third period,
one of the saves of the playoffs so far.
Cost Merles five grand.
Yeah, Merles had an Arvidsson goal in the third for five Gs.
Obviously, he misses.
I mean, if I knew that beforehand, I could have just shut my eyes and there was no chance he was scoring.
But Campbell to show up with all the heat he's taken this year
and play like that in relief was such a big-time moment in their season.
For a guy who's been beaten down, I'm just happy for him, right?
You deserve that with a long season and a market that expects a lot
out of this free agent contract.
He saved that entire game, and the Kings,
they kind of took their foot off the gas.
R.A., you've said it before, 3-0 in the first period nowadays.
It's like, all right.
Worst lead in hockey.
Yeah, it's turned into the worst lead in hockey.
And those Leon power play goals, one of them a gift we went over, All right. Worst lead in hockey. Yeah. It's turned into the worst lead in hockey.
And those Leon power play goals, one of them a gift we went over,
but still six setups, so similar, both of them from in the slot.
I just  I think that the Oilers, that was like a season-defining win for them. And now you've got two out of three series.
You've got two at home.
You're going back.
Now, the goaltending situation, I i stand in the minority and as much as
campbell saved that game i would start skinner wow and part of it is as i pump campbell's tires
i think it's somewhat easier to just go in you don't have time to think when you're starting
the night before the whole day of i i skinner's been pretty solid. He had a tough start to this game.
Pull him out makes total sense.
But I don't know.
I feel like go back to him.
These are the difficult decisions as a coach.
100.
Oh, man.
100.
But it's different coming into a game.
Would you not agree with that at least?
Definitely.
And what we can agree on too, you mentioned a few of those names for Edmonton.
Their secondhand scoring had not showed up.
Going into Game 4, Edmonton was out shooting L.A. 98-63, 5-on-5,
but the goals were 4-for-4.
They had four goals for each squad, 5-on-5,
so their 5-on-5 scoring had not been very good.
And three games in,
five on five, they hadn't scored a five
on five goal without Dreisaitl
on the ice. And I believe going
into the third period,
13 goals had been scored so
far by the Edmonton Oilers, and Dreisaitl had
been on the ice for every single one of them.
Like, he is just a maniac
right now. I know we talk about McDavid, McDavid,
McDavid, but Dreisaitl, it seems like every time he's out there,
he has the puck the entire fucking time.
I know, I know.
He gets the puck in the D zone, and then he skates it up,
and you can't get it away from him.
Yeah, so bad news for the LA Kings.
It seems like the secondary scoring for the Edmonton Oilers has showed up.
So now all of a sudden, it definitely becomes a series.
So I really got nothing much else on that.
I mean, there was more tomfoolery going on between Doughty and Kane in Game 3,
but it's going to be a heated battle.
But as you said, it's nice to see you put a little bit of respect on the Kings name
because I think the winner of this series could easily go off to the Stanley Cup final.
I said at the Borelli's playoff preview,
the winner of this series is going to the Cup final,
and I believe it now more than ever.
Obviously, Colorado's got something to say about that but on the other end of the spectrum for the oilers darnell nurse man is struggling he's struggling and and he and he
makes a lot of money and like i i was i was a highly paid defenseman taking heat in edmonton
so i i mean we weren't in the playoff so it's times 10 with
that fan base but he he's out there for so many goals against you know the first goal by uh by
velarde he's facing the goal he's got his back to his man he scores you know then he makes that play
on the uh who scored the the 4-3 goal um fuck who made it 4-3 great little dish Roy Roy so so what happened on that play is
McDavid I mean sorry Dreisaitl fell down in the neutral zone and and that's obviously that's a
bad break but as a defenseman once the pucks move from the wall Nurse is playing his guy
and he moves it to the moves it to the middle he goes up and he absolutely crushed someone.
I forget who it was.
But you don't need to do that because you're all  just play it safe.
3-3 game in the third period.
Just like there's no need to step up.
He steps up and with the Leon fall, it just left Roy wide open.
Great move by him.
So that was  it's just  it's been kind of a tough go for him at the same end on defense even even
on that more goal and over time it just seems like he was he was in no man's land where he
he had his back to him by the time it went in the net it was just weird like it seemed like he was
trying to block it but wasn't in the great position to have stick on puck for that centering pass
I don't know I agree with you he. He stuck out like a sore thumb.
But then again, man, who knows, right?
You're going back home.
There's no way they would help these scratchers.
No, no, no.
But he's just playing a lot.
Ekholm's a monster.
And Bouchard, that power play goal to make it 3-1,
that got things going.
He's got that rocket.
He got a beautiful assist on the OT winner.
He kind of curls behind the net, and he sees that.
I don't know if L.A. was changing, but fires a great pass off the wall right to Hyman.
He goes in and buries it.
So it's going to be a wild, wild next three games because it's going seven.
I think we could all kind of agree on that.
I would imagine that Edmonton wins at home, and then L.A. wins at home,
and we go back to Edmonton.
It's been
such exciting hockey.
Unfortunately, it's always the late game.
I'm sure there's a bunch of East Coast people
that just, it's too late. We're
up for it. They're my squad. This is
our job. You're missing out
on some of the best hockey in the first round
so far as these two teams.
Shout out to L.A.
I mean, Doughty looks like Doughty from 2011.
Yeah, he looks awesome.
He's a fucking horse out there.
How about that move he had in, I think it was the second period,
Campbell made a great save.
He fakes the slap shot and then walks somebody through their triangle.
He's just like feeling it at both ends, and it's just great hockey.
But we got a war on our hands, guys.
Ken Holland, the first free agent signed this summer
when free agency opened was Jack Campbell.
So Campbell making him look good coming in in relief
and helping them win that game.
The schedule's kind of quirky to it.
I'm not sure if you looked at it.
Game 5, Tuesday, 9.30 at Edmonton.
Game 6 isn't until Saturday in L.A.
They don't have a time.
That's because the Clippers and the Lakers are in playoffs right now,
so they're just battling for the Staples Center.
But that's one of the longest.
I mean, you don't usually hear that long.
Two nights is even unusual in the playoffs.
That's a long time.
And then, let's see, Game 7, if necessary, Monday, May 1st,
in Edmonton time to be determined as well.
That was the eighth overtime game already this playoff in edmonton time to be determined as well that was
the eighth uh overtime game already this uh playoff season probably one of the best games as well
remember we were on the pj last year biz from uh uh denver to edmonton yeah i booked it i
i just got a text from uh one of the one of the guys of the truck on the plane for shouting out
the oilers he's like oilers baby the dude ken i don't know which guys you know on that there was
like three or four of them but pretty funny he just sent the text,
but apparently not to you guys.
One thing we didn't talk about with the Kings,
Will Ferrell with the
fucking checkerboard face paint. He's
completely invested into every LA team.
He was at the Lakers game last night,
Kings game today. He was at the
Kings game three as well.
Different face paint for both of the Kings
performances. I wouldn't change the face paint if I was him.
You think he cost them game four?
Yeah, if you win, how are you changing up your face paint?
By the way, I chirp people in jerseys,
but if you're Will Ferrell, you can do whatever you want.
He had a white LA Kings starter jacket on, I think,
with white face paint.
And I don't know how you switch that look.
Well, boys, a great first week of playoffs.
Lots of games on deck.
We got Maple Leafs, Tampa Bay on the TNT broadcast tomorrow,
game four, and then as well as Seattle and Colorado.
And apparently Seattle, Colorado has been getting the best ratings of any of the series.
People are that  I mean, Seattle sports fans are out of their minds.
And then you got the defending cup champ.
So I guess no surprise there.
That's a little nugget from Jeff Jacobson, my buddy.
What do we say?
We think Carolina will close this thing out early.
I think Boston closes theirs out pretty early.
I think the Rangers probably close that one out in five or six.
And after that, maybe Colorado if they get game four.
But after that, we could see four games.
I think four game sevens is realistic. we just want as many of those as possible hey what you hear
about psni last week i did i did and no better place in the world for somebody to steal hundreds
of millions of dollars or what was it 100 million or was that no it turns out it was 20 20 million
i've been overaggeration early on.
But everybody's distracted.
They're in Maple Leaf Square watching hockey games, and then the Italian job coming in with the Mini Coopers.
No, that was a straight-up old-school movie heist
in which they definitely said,
the line for customs is 7,000 people long.
Don't worry.
All the eyes are on the disaster that is Pearson Airport.
We can smooth right in here and just grab these gold bricks.
Who is holding 20 million of gold at Pearson?
Has that come out?
I have no idea.
When that story broke, I thought it was one of those ones that was just like a fake site.
That was releasing it.
So did I.
But no clue as to
why they had that much gold hanging out but apparently that much money and gold can fit in
one one uh roller suitcase so it's not it's not like it really yeah it's not like it's a huge
like truckload of it yeah it's just one uh one big rolling suitcase but but yeah thieves like that i
mean i feel like that's another level like these aren. This isn't some loser that goes into a bank with a face mask on.
These guys are calculated.
The only thing is, what do you then do with the gold?
How do you go about selling the gold?
Who even wants to buy the gold?
You sell it to the Toronto Maple Leafs as part of their chain gang.
Mitchie Marner and Austin Matthews will buy it.
I'm the commandant.
I'm the Midnight's Heat man.
That's pretty much all I got, boys.
Lots of hockey to talk about moving forward
and a great pod and good shooting the shit with you boys.
Yeah, and Thursday, well, actually,
so at noon today, get on our YouTube and our Twitter.
We got Chicklets Game Notes Daily,
and that's a daily show Monday through Friday,
and we'll be back at you Thursday morning with discussions from tonight, Tuesday, and Wednesday night's game.
So we're rolling.
We got great hockey.
We need the refs to figure it out.
Come on, refs.
Figure it out.
Is Canada sold out of tinfoil yet with all the fucking conspiracy theories up there?
Holy shit.
They never will be. They never will be.
They never will be.
But we'll be back, and we appreciate you guys listening.
Let's play off hockey.
Let's go.
