Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Sauce Hockey.
We all know that hockey is more than just a game. It's a culture and a way of life.
The best players carry that swagger off the ice and are definitely known to have a bit of fun in the process.
Sauce Hockey has a full line of apparel that tells the hockey story from every level.
Whether you're a savvy veteran
that has been around the block
or a local legend playing beer league
with the boys crushing back brews,
Sauce Hockey has threads for you.
Sauce has the sickest lids around
to make your summer flow pop
and your fall flow.
Don't even worry about it.
And they've even got you covered
in the polo department.
Their t-shirts are softer than puppy ears
and feature fresh designs
that will definitely help your off-ice plus minus,
if you catch what I'm saying.
You'll even find barbecue set made of broken twigs
and other accessories like their boxers, which are also A+.
To make matters even better, the beauties over at Sauce Hockey
are giving us an exclusive 30 off discount code with the discount code CHICKLETS.
You heard that right, 30 off with the discount code chicklets you heard that right 30 off with the discount code
chicklets sauce also has the best shirt of the month club out there which sends an original
design from a part of hockey history for only 30 bucks or less than a 24 pack of molson you can get
a piece of hockey history delivered to your door the club has featured story barns such as the met
center in bloomington minnesota the yale whale the ralph and grand forks and recently did a to your door. The club has featured story barns such as the Met Center in Bloomington, Minnesota,
the Yale Whale, the Ralph in Grand Forks, and recently did a tribute to Herb Brooks' USA Hockey Legend, which is still available on the website. You can sign up at soshockey.com. So make sure to
head on over to soshockey.com to take advantage of 30 off by using the code CHICKLETS. That's
S-A-U-C-E hockey.com, code CHICKLETS. That's S-A-U-C-E, hockey.com, code CHICKLETS. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 44 of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
What is up? What is up?
Welcome back after a one week hiatus, Mr. Ryan Whitney.
I know.
I was working the real job.
I was working the real life.
You were.
NHL Network stuff.
Grind the NHL Network.
What's up?
Say what's up, producer.
Hello, gentlemen.
Oh, what up, Grinnelly?
Mikey Grinnelly.
You were catching heat for talking a little bit too much?
I caught a little heat.
Oh, from who?
I didn't know this.
I've caught more heat on other episodes, but I caught a little heat on this one.
Hey, you know what?
What'd they give you shit for?
For actually talking
People don't boo
Nobody's Grinnelli
Remember that
I like that
You were there
To help do the interview
So St. Louis
Great guy
I listened to my
First time I listened
To an episode
This week
You guys crushed it
You remind me
Of one of those actors
Who struggles
And makes a movie
Makes me want to puke
Me too
Not your voice
I mean mine
But sometimes
But you remind me Of an actor Who won't watch His own movies He'll make the movie But then won't watch it after Makes me want to puke. Me too. Not your voice. I mean mine. But sometimes yours.
But you remember like an actor who won't watch his own movies.
Like he'll make the movie but then won't watch it after.
But that one was interesting.
And I just asked you before, but it's crazy how small he is.
How he was that good.
I mean his legs are enormous.
But the first time I was standing next to him, I'm like, Jesus Christ.
Yeah, it's incredible.
How is this guy so good?
That a guy, his physical stature can become an MVP of the NHL. He was all dolled up, too.
He looked great.
Yeah, well, he was doing the workday thing.
But, yeah, he was a really good interviewer.
I mean, obviously, we're honored to have all our guests here.
But that was when I was like, okay, man, I've got to step up my game.
I was two hours driving down to Connecticut.
I was taking all notes.
You didn't sleep on this ride?
Yeah, no, not at all.
I don't want to get caught flat-footed at all.
But I thought he gave some really interesting answers that a guy with his hockey IQ would give.
Like I just said, the 2011 Game 7 versus Tampa versus Boston,
was that the most perfect game you ever took part in other than result?
And he was like, no, we should have took penalties.
And it was like the last answer you would have expected.
But it was good.
It was indicative of how his mind operates as far as the game.
So it was good stuff.
Caught flat-footed would be on my hockey tombstone.
Yeah.
Literally, yeah.
Yeah, I don't want to be like, so then when you were in Calgary,
did you ever go to the cow thing in Calgary?
But anyways, dude, Thursday morning, we're recording, obviously,
Drop Friday.
Huge news in Boston.
As I pulled up to our studio, your coach.
Slash studio.
Huge news here.
Bruins finally signed Pasta just before training camp starts.
What did we say?
A six-year, 40 million deal.
So he's getting 6.667 million base.
Six and two-thirds million.
Dude, I'll tell you.
Great deal for the Bruins.
Great deal for the Bruins.
I know there were reports, which you've got to take with a grain of salt. They're based six and two-thirds million. Dude, I'll tell you, very team. Great deal for the Bruins. Great deal for the Bruins.
I know there were reports, which you've got to take with a grain of salt.
Bruins didn't want to go above six.
Pasta, depending on where you read, was asking for as much as eight.
I don't know if he really was asking that much,
but to get him under seven for the next six years, that's a huge sign. Yeah, and that goes along with them getting Brad Marchand
for a really team-friendly deal as well.
So I think that the only thing I'm disappointed about
is that the Bruins actually signed him, so I can't shit on him.
Yeah.
Fucking that one up.
Had both barrels loaded.
I just think that it was smart.
I mean, the KHL stuff, that's bullshit.
That wasn't going to happen.
You know, the whole rush.
And that's just kind of agent getting in the mix
in terms of maybe trying to show some leverage.
The leverage really that Pasternak had, I thought, was that the public was so on his side.
Exactly.
So that is huge leverage when you're trying to figure out a contract as a GM and a president and all that.
But I do think that it's great for the Bruins because they at least got two years of his UFA.
So I think that when you talk about them trying to get seven or eight years, which I think most fans
would have wanted, is to lock him up as long as you could
with a kid like this.
It would have been four...
If he went eight years, he was given away
four years of UFA money. That's
when you really can get paid. That's how contracts work.
That's when those salaries really start kind of
going up. So, I mean, I think it all
works out good. I mean, it really works out great
for him. Is he 20? Yeah, he's still 20 right now. I think he just turned 21. All right,
so just turned 21. So he'll be 27, 28, coming off probably, I mean, I would be shocked if he got
less than 30 goals with, you know, obviously no injuries, if there's no injuries. If he got less
than 30 goals in any of the next six seasons, I'd be shocked. So it's a great sign. It's a great
player. I've heard people say that it kind of makes Shirely look stupid in terms of the next six seasons, I'd be shocked. So it's a great sign. It's a great player. I've heard people say that it kind of makes Shirely look stupid in terms of the deal
that he gave Dreitzel, which I don't necessarily agree with because centers are more important to
a team. They make more money. And I think Dreitzel is a better player than Pasternak. I think that
defensively, Dreitzel brings a little bit more. And like I said, you know, centers are going back
into the zone. They're playing D more.
And Pasternak isn't  if there's one thing that the complaint is in terms of,
I'm sure, management and coaching is that he's not very defensive.
I don't want to say lazy.
I don't want to say he's defensively lazy, but he just doesn't seem that interested.
Now, maybe that's a young kid who loves playing offense
and being that guy who can just score.
But we'll see in the next few years if he takes
more pride in that or improves his defensive player
and then really becomes a steal
of a deal in terms of his contract.
And if he's playing with
Bergeron and
Marchand, then I think he
kind of gets a little bit more liberty to not play as much
defense because he's got two guys who are
responsible, so it does give him a little more
leeway to kind of dilly-dally
out there. But either way,
a huge sign.
I wrote in my blog last week, just pay him
the money. Don't overpay him.
I said 7 million. I'm surprised they got him under 7 million.
But the last thing this team needs
is A, a distraction going to camp because
they got Cassidy, they got
a bunch of young kids coming in. I picked McAvoy's
rookie of the year. I think there's a positive vibe.
There's a bunch of options.
It's kind of the first year where you're talking about there isn't like a clear cut, you know, Matthews, line A, before that McDavid in terms of who's going to win Rookie of the Year.
This year it's a bunch of guys out there.
McAvoy.
I don't know if you remember the guy Thomas Chabot who played D for Canada in the World Juniors.
He's going to be with Ottawa.
He's a great player.
A couple guys in the Islanders, that Ho-Sang Barzal.
There's a lot of options.
Even Clayton Keller from BU on Phoenix.
We'd love to have him on.
I'm sure we will at one point.
But I think McAvoy right now is the guy, just because of what he did in the playoffs,
that is your kind of early frontrunner for Rookie of the Year.
Now, without playing a game, it's stupid to say.
But it's just an exciting time for the Bruins,
and that's why they really needed to get this guy signed.
And if it was anything, it was the fans that were just going to lose their mind.
Grinnell, didn't you threaten to lock yourself to Orr's statue?
I was going to chain myself to Bobby Orr's statue.
I would have tripped by it and paintballed you.
But I just think it's good for the Bruins, it's good for the fans,
and it's a year where it's kind of a big, important year for the Bruins.
What are they going to do?
Are they going to take a step?
They made the playoffs last year.
Can they take a step forward?
Or with him now, at least you know their best roster is actually going to be playing.
Right.
Any potential distraction is gone.
Plus, if it did drag into it.
I don't think the Bruins front office can really afford too many more PR hits.
I mean, you know.
No, they've had the worst trades in the history.
It's been a complete nightmare for years, pretty much.
Right.
So that's why the court of public opinion matters so much,
and they didn't fuck this one up.
But like I said, you know, he's a guy who wanted to be here,
unlike some of the guys they did trade who didn't want to be here,
which, you know, I think that tends to get lost in the shovel.
Like, you know, Dougie Hamilton, you know, they get criticized for that.
But that's a guy who didn't want to be here.
He signed for essentially the same money in Calgary.
He just didn't want to be in Boston.
The pasta was Adam, and he wanted to be here.
The team wanted him.
So it's a good day for the Bruins and their fandom.
Speaking of fandom, we're bringing in a guy who we thought was going to be a fan this season,
but he's actually going to be back on the booth.
Yeah, he's nasty.
Paul Bissonnette will be joining us. He'll be calling
in a couple minutes. It's great to have him. We've got to hear
actually what he's doing. I think he's
going to be the radio guy for the
Phoenix Coyotes. He's doing color
for the radio. I don't know if he's doing every game. That's
what I'm going to have him on, and he can fill us in on
exactly what he's going to do.
What button do you press in terms of radio
when somebody swears? Can't you like...
The dump button. Yeah, he's going to be...
The biz button.
They could...
Actually, they could have used the dump button.
Did you hear Portnoy change the subject when he was in Boston last week for the clown stuff?
He dropped the C-bomb on WEI.
Just a quick cunt bomb.
Yeah.
No big deal.
They did him.
And then he also swore at Felger later in the game.
Dropped the F-bomb.
For people who don't know, Felger's a local kind of clown in Boston media.
He's probably the number one.
He's the number one sports radio guy here.
The number one guy that just basically stirs the pot, professional at that.
He's great at it.
So Portnoy swore at him.
That was great.
Also, completely off topic again.
I know we're still in the season as it started.
But gambling-wise, I have ridden the Indians since game 11.
No way, dude.
You haven't been doubling down.
No, I haven't been doubling down because now they're minus 380 every game.
But I started at game 11.
Wow.
And I have just been riding them.
So now at this point, I'm like, do I go against them?
They're at least minus 380 every game.
21 straight.
They're that fucking high?
Every game.
Yeah. I think today the Tigers, if I could look it up, are probably at plus 360.
I think it might be Kluber again.
In terms of gambling, it's one of those things like you just ride the wave.
And now when is the wave going to end?
Because if I keep taking them, you start just putting up so much bang to win.
21 straight in baseball is outrageous. is the wave going to end? Because if I keep taking them, you start just putting up so much bang to win. That's,
dude,
like,
21 straight in baseball
is outrageous.
I mean,
it's outrageous anyway,
but in baseball,
but dude,
380,
man,
that's ballsy.
We talk gambling
and pop culture
as it says
in the iTunes description.
I mean,
I don't bet a ton of baseball.
It's dangerous.
It's dangerous.
But yeah,
well,
those lines are crazy, man.
See, I would look the other way and take the plus 300 or 320 or whatever.
All right, so they're only minus 201 today with Tomlin pitching in Kansas City's plus 186.
So that's actually not bad.
So I'm going to keep that up going.
Fucking keep piling.
So across the league today, not every team, but a lot of our teams started training camp.
Oh, man.
Now, in terms of starting training camp, we've got to ask Biz about this.
Once the day ends today of the testing and what actually happens that first day,
the pit in your stomach you feel before the Wingate stupidest, most miserable test,
the VO2, even dumber.
Just explain to the audience exactly.
Okay, so we've got the Wingate test is a bike test.
It's like 30 seconds long, which sounds like it's nothing,
but for some reason it's so hard.
They add weight as the ride goes along to see basically how long you can.
I wish I knew this one.
This shows how much I hated it.
Basically, they want to see how much of an output you can put when you're exhausted.
Okay.
So they see how strong your lungs and your legs are when you're at peak exhaustive.
Okay.
Is it exhaustiveness?
Exhaustion.
Oh, exhaustion.
Solid, solid.
Authenticious.
Stay hot, Wicky.
Wicky, Wicky.
And then the VO2 is just to figure out how good your lung like lung capacity is i'm pretty sure like that one
that one yeah you got the thing in your mouth right yeah thing in your mouth so you can't
breathe and you got your nose plug what are you laughing at granelli and then so basically that
was actually one i was good at you know i couldn't do it i i was i was um in shape i was like a long
distance person yeah duncan keith apparently just is the number one VO2 guy, or he was for a long time.
Ray Bork, too. Wasn't that his
forte, too? Having unbelievable stamina?
Yeah, I don't think they did this back
then, though. Some sort of bike shit back then.
But this shit, the testing is so foolish
and you've actually seen teams kind of really
take it back a notch in terms of
seeing guys get injured. I remember one year,
I want to say it was Justin Williams
who's now in the Hurricanes.
By the way, Hurricanes this year.
Look out for them.
Toughest division in hockey,
but they have an improved team.
We'll see if they can go out
and try to get Duchesne.
They're really,
that would be a huge deal for them.
Thank God.
What's his face from Chicago?
The goal, Dowling, right?
Yeah.
And Justin Williams back there.
That's why I just thought of him.
But I'm pretty sure it was him
that tore his,
what's the thing that...
Achilles?
Yeah.
Eric Berry that just...
Yeah.
And it was in testing and they were like,
all right, this is just foolish.
Doing some jump test.
But once this day ends,
the best part was, at least in Edmonton,
actually every team does it.
You just go right down, have a beer,
burger, fries, a milkshake.
You're like, all right, fuck it.
Body fat. You'll get nothing to like it. Let's just go get after it a milkshake. You're like, all right, fuck it. Body fat.
You'll get nothing to like it.
Let's just go get after it a little bit.
Not after it because you got the first day on the ice,
but at least you can just crush food after.
So today's a miserable day, but once it's over, guys are pumped.
They're ready to play.
But now, how's there like a returning veteran who knows his team,
his spot on the team is solidified?
He's not trying out for anything.
He's not in the bubble.
What's like when you were playing?
What was your mentality other than the awful testing is it like
is it excitement is it trepid like nervousness is it like let's fucking get out in terms of the
testing everyone has the nervousness especially if you know if you're a professional you don't
you can't be like yeah you can't fake it yeah exactly i'm brent seabrook on the blackhawks but
i can do whatever i want because that's just not how elite athletes are.
Not saying I was an elite athlete
by any means.
You were.
Mighty St. Louis said
you were a hell of a player.
Oh, wow.
What a guy.
What a guy.
So I think that in terms
of the on the ice stuff, though,
you're just like,
oh, let's get this kind of over with.
Not over with,
and you're excited
that the season's starting,
but camp's a grind.
Yeah.
I mean, you're on the ice every day,
and then you get... Well, actually, I have to talk to Biz about this. Yeah. Who mean, you're on the ice every day, and then you get...
Well, actually, I have to talk to Biz about this.
Yeah.
So I think he's probably calling...
Is he calling in now, Grinnelly?
Yeah.
All right, so we'll talk to him about this, and I'll get more into it, because I'm sure
he has some stories.
Because a guy like him, that guy had to grind it out.
Yeah, exactly.
He didn't...
Yeah, he's a perfect guy to ask that.
So we'll hear about Biz.
I'm sure he tweeted about it.
And now we welcome in our favorite reoccurring guest,
Biz Nasty, Paul Bissonnette.
What's up, buddy?
How you doing?
Hey, guys.
Yeah, back again.
Back again.
What, fifth time?
No, at least fifth time for you, no?
Third or fourth?
Maybe third or fourth.
We'll check the game notes, bud.
Check the game notes, bud.
Hey, but Biz,
tell us about your new gig with the Coyotes.
What are you going to be doing?
Well, I got a color radio analyst job, which I think is perfect
because it helps me adjust and get to know this side of the business.
We have some experienced people here.
It's actually a guy like Tyson Nash who does between the benches
and pre- and post-game TV with the Coyotes.
He was a similar player to me and now has jumped into that role,
so he'd be a great guy to pick his brain and get to know this side of the business.
Also, they want me taking kind of an ambassador role,
so going to public events, charity events.
Some games I won't be in the booth and I'll be schmoozing clients or whatever.
So, you know, kind of a Swiss Army knife and I'm very excited.
Will you be getting to go on the road?
Yeah, I get to travel.
Oh!
Yeah, whoopsie.
What a veteran, dude.
You're still living the life.
Will you be on the team planes, too, or are you going to fly some pigeon, like, commercial airline?
Well, they don't know.
I'm just going to sneak underneath.
We haven't really talked about that yet.
So just going to kind of jump in one of the players' bags.
Yeah.
No, the TV radio guys, they typically travel with the team, though, right, in style?
Yeah.
Like Dennis Eckersley when he got screamed at by David Price.
That'll be Biz, but Biz can knock out anyone who chirps him.
So, Biz, are you doing any sort of like... I'm like the team from Tom Grace, and not many people will know that joke except for Whit.
So, what kind of...
He was our...
We need a CB.
I wonder if Gracie listens.
He was our... We need a CB.
I wonder if Gracie listens.
He was our team.
He was the team, like, he was the radio voice
and ran, like, the hotels and per diem
for the Wilkes-Barre Scranton Penguins.
Gracie was a...
Gracie's an original man, dude.
He's one of a kind.
I'll say it that way.
There's going to be, like, five people listening
that are going to be dying on the spot.
Now that's about it.
But hey, for those five, you're welcome.
And the rest will be putting up.
The voice of the penguins.
The voice of the penguins.
All right.
So, Biz, what kind of preparation are you doing for this?
Are you just kind of relying on your personality?
Is there some sort of course you take?
How exactly are you preparing to be a radio color guy after you know playing for the last decade and a half well i mean well first off i think just from basically sitting back for
most of my career at least my pro career and watching a lot of the game is you get to kind
of digest and see how plays break down so i don't have to carry the weight on the radio i just need
to chime in and break things down so i I think I'll actually do okay with that.
Now, the TV is an adjustment
because you only have a certain window
to get your thought out,
which I guess for some games
I will be doing pre- and post-game television.
But like anything I've ever done,
I'll just listen and absorb everything.
I'm fortunate enough to be working around people that I'm comfortable with
and I've been part of this organization before,
and it's all the same people doing it.
Todd Walsh, Jody Jackson's there, Tyson Nash.
Basically, everyone who was in media with the Coyotes when I was playing here
is still here.
So it should be an okay adjustment, and they've all been great
and all reached out to me. So I think it'll be an okay adjustment and they've all been great and all reached out to me so
I think it'll be a smooth transition
but you have to make sure that they
fit your snout into the camera picture
for TV
well yeah me and Tyson
so that's not going to be easy but
they've invented a wide lens
that the team's purchased in
order to help us out
so also we needed to get a quick kind of recap
because have you finished the documentary series
you did out in British Columbia?
Can we get a little update on that?
And when will people be able to watch that?
Yeah, I believe this episode's probably going to air
at the beginning of August,
and we're probably going to stagger them.
Beginning of August?
What do you mean, beginning of August?
It's September.
Oh, did I say August?
I meant October.
I'm sorry.
Okay, okay, okay.
I got you.
Pretty crazy couple months here, Witt.
I've been doing a documentary.
I don't know if you heard.
Yeah, no, no deal.
It's coming out beginning of October.
We're going to try to release it before the season gets going,
so maybe end of September, but editing and perfecting, it's taking a while.
We've basically perfected and edited and added the narration to the first two episodes.
And for people who don't know what's going on, I did a doc, a mockumentary through BC,
British Columbia.
It's a beautiful province.
We hit up Vancouver, the Sunshine Coast, Whistler, Pemberton,
Victoria on Vancouver Island, which is the capital,
and, of course, Kelowna and Shuswap were Shane Doan's cottages.
We've been fortunate to have about 15 NHL guys jump on board.
Oh, really? That many? Buddy, the response I got from guys I reached out to,
we had Shea Weber, Brandon Gallagher, Seth Jones, Shane Doan, Tyson Berry,
Morgan Riley, Boyd Gordon, Brendan Dillon, Trevor Linden makes an appearance in it,
which is obviously massive, especially in Vancouver.
Connor McDavid's in it.
Paul, have you ever heard of him?
Talk about burying the lead.
I mean, he's an okay player.
He's all right.
Not bad.
A few things back at the camps.
So, you know, I'm excited to release it.
I hope people really enjoy it and appreciate the work we've put in.
You've seen, obviously, a lot of Canada in your travels.
Is British Columbia and the part you saw, is it the most beautiful part of Canada,
or is there another part of the country that is actually more gorgeous to look at than there?
I mean, there's some beautiful areas, but I would say, for what you can experience in a small radius,
beautiful areas but i would say uh you know for what you can experience in a small radius now i we never really traveled longer than four hours which was a drive to colonna and the shuswap
and you know you can you can ski and and and be you know on a boat on the ocean within within an
hour and a half you know you can be up in whistler drive back to vancouver you're on a boat and
you know victoria's beautiful you know, beautiful golf courses.
You know, the Okanagan is awesome.
Winery is also more golf.
You know, the lakes, the ocean, it's gorgeous.
I mean, you've played in Vancouver.
I mean, in the wintertime, it's a little rainy, but in the summertime, it's hard to beat.
And there's just, the city of Vancouver has probably the biggest smoke shows in, I would say, all of North America.
And Cactus Club there.
Oh, Yaletown.
I love Vancouver.
Vancouver is probably the best city in, honestly, my favorite city in North America.
That and Chicago.
I love it.
Would you not agree?
Yeah, I would say for a traveling team, that's probably your best bet.
As far as the women are gorgeous.
They have great restaurants. To live there. It's beautiful.
I could see maybe playing there.
It would get to you with all the rain in the winter time, but I mean,
you got to bend at some point, right? I mean,
it's better than getting snow every day.
I agree. Sometimes people say rains, I mean, snow is better. No chance.
Snow stays there. Rain's gone. Hey, also,
I just want to quickly change though,
because we were talking
a bit before you came on with today being the opening day of nhl training camps and me kind of
given my like uh opinion on on testing and how miserable that first day is can you take us back
can you take us back to you to your thoughts going into camp every year with
with the wind gate and the VO2 and just how
miserable that was.
Well, I mean,
just your anxiety, even though you trained
and worked hard, it just sucks.
Especially if you have to do both
the VO2 and Wingate.
Because the VO2 is a bit of a grind,
but then the Wingate just makes you
nauseous and there's a 50-50
chance you're going to puke after,
and then your legs feel like shit.
So I don't know.
But how about the year we went to St. Louis,
and they had all those vets, and then we got there,
and they're like, yeah, we're going to not really do much testing,
just bench press.
Oh, my God, I forgot that.
We didn't have testing when we were the clown show with the Blues.
I don't know if I've told this story on this podcast before,
but we were both on PTOs going there.
And Hitchcock, I'd landed on a connecting flight to go to St. Louis,
or maybe I'd landed in St. Louis and I had a voicemail from him.
And it was like, oh, yeah, we're not really going to do fitness testing.
And I thought he was kidding.
So I called him and I was like, when he yeah, like, you know, we're not really going to do fitness testing. And I thought he was kidding. So I called him, and I was like, when he said it again on the phone, I was, like, laughing, essentially in his face.
And he's like, why are you laughing?
And I'm like, oh, like, because you're kidding, right?
And he's like, no, no, no, I've gassed fitness testing.
We're not doing it.
All the vets said they didn't want to do it.
So they just gassed it.
And I was like, oh, my God, this is the best team ever.
And that's why I was begging to sign there.
But I didn't.
But they used me for two weeks and
sent me home.
Have you been at, well,
are you going to attend training camp to
get a jump on, fall on the team? Is that something
you're going to be planning on doing, just
to jump in with both feet with the
new color gig? How are the Yotes going to be this
year?
Yeah, well, I think today they're doing all the physicals and testing,
so they told me don't bother to come in.
But tomorrow I'll be heading in,
and that's going to be a good time when you're watching practice,
just talk to Tyson Nash and the other media people
and learn what they do to prepare,
especially getting to know a lot of the guys.
I was fortunate because I played here
and because I knew a majority of the guys that had been in the organization
and still do.
So it won't be hard getting to know everyone and their background.
And to follow up with your question,
I mean, man, they have some good young talent.
They have a decent back end.
Depending on if their back end can stay healthy
and if their goalie can play well, I think they could be a cusp team
on the edge of playoffs.
Yeah, that Clayton Keller is filthy.
I don't know if you've gotten to see him at all yet.
But he could end up winning Rookie of the Year.
He's one of those guys that we've chatted about a little bit before.
Who do they have?
Just from seeing him a little bit, he kind've chatted about a little bit before. Yeah. Who do they have? Just from seeing him
a little bit, he kind of reminds me of a little
Goudreau. He's got the quick feet
and he's got the unreal hands and he's just
kind of slimy out there where he just finds
those little holes. Yeah, and apparently
he told, when he was
asking why teams should pick him at
draft interviews, he's like, would you pass
on Patrick Kane?
So I love him.
I love him on that.
I saw him out in Old Town one night during the summer when he was here
training, and he's a good kid.
I love when kids are cocky like that.
That means they're genuinely, they know they're good,
and nothing's going to faze them.
They're just going to get it done.
I just want younger players to be cocky like that
and just drink occasionally. Don't be
a nerd.
That's all I ask.
Well, yeah.
It's hard because
a lot of these kids are around
the game for 12 months a year
and they're kind of being bred
that way. And there is a lot of money to be made
these days and it's a lot more competitive
because everyone else is training year-round too but i agree man i mean i wish the game would have never
changed i probably still be playing yeah so actually getting back to like when you were
playing in terms of training camp starting was it hard for you um because for me i would go into
camp and i'd want to you know be good with moving the puck and things like that like for you you
know you knew you had to go in, ruffle feathers, run some guys.
Was that shitty to have to do it against guys that you wanted to play against?
Or in your mind, were you like, listen, I got to make every team?
And was it not hard?
Like, listen, I'm going to run this guy over.
I don't really give a shit.
Well, I mean, it sucks in inter-squad games in the beginning camp,
because especially for my role yeah
you don't you don't want to hit your own guys you're not going to be like shimmy shaking your
own players and then even in pre-season a little bit because you know once the season gets going
you're going to be fighting most nights or you know running around so you want to save your body
um yeah i mean you know for me for me it kind of turned on once the season started
because to do what I did, it's more putting on that mask every game.
And even guys you like and you know you'd be buddies with off the ice,
to be running them and then swearing at them and insulting them from the bench,
it sucked.
Now I'm happy it's over.
Biz, can we look forward to Arizona getting into this Twitter dust-up
with division rivals L.A. and Las Vegas?
I don't know if you caught it last night, but the Kings tweeted,
I think they had a rookie game, and the Kings pointed out
the Golden Knights' all-time winner percentage is zero.
And then Vegas shot back with two Stanley Cups in the last five years,
and once we got it as the best Twitter account in the league,
and now we'd have one of those emoji-type things like goofing on them.
And then the Kings fire back with Google's Vegas Golden Knights,
and they pull up the word wannabe.
And then Vegas comes back over the top.
We think if the Kings spent as much time focusing on the salary cap as they did
worrying about us, they'd have far fewer
problems. I think that was a night-night
for the LA Kings after that one.
I don't know if this is going to be a league-wide
thing or what.
Yeah, I mean, we had
a discussion yesterday because we had a meeting about
the social media stuff. I don't
necessarily want to get involved
because when I start insulting people on Twitter,
I'll probably get called in the HR.
Yeah.
You,
it'll be,
it'll be told me to,
what's that?
No,
go ahead.
I said,
it'll be business nasty 3.0.
Yeah.
I mean,
I want to,
but you know me,
like I don't really have a filter.
I mean,
last week I,
I met some guy at the beach and there was cops talking to us.
And the guy thought maybe the cops were harassing us because we had booze on us.
But it was just a guy who was coming up to say hello.
And then I made a joke, like, oh, no, I actually dropped my ass. And he was harassing me.
And then, obviously, I got a call from the Yotes saying like, Hey, like,
you know, that that's probably not, you know, and I was like, okay,
I'll take it down. I actually, that was my last one. I needed to get it.
I saw that tweet. I'm like, dude,
he's definitely going to have to delete that saying he's got drugs up his
hoop. Hey. Oh, oh, actually I was also at another question for you, dude.
So George Paros got named the head of the Department of Player Safety
for the National Hockey League.
So a lot of people kind of immediately brought up that that was a guy
who played a style like you.
Do you have any opinions on that?
I think he's going to be great at the job.
I just didn't know if you thought it was a little interesting
that a guy who made his living, and I'm saying this in quotations,
as a fighter, is now in charge of safety stuff?
What?
He did.
No, I know.
He had to put it in quotes.
I don't want people to think George wasn't.
He actually had some skill, too.
But it's just interesting to see that a guy like that be in charge
of that department now, wouldn't you say?
Well, no.
I think that's just a premeditated response by most people because they've been
you know they've been shitting on the player safety department for a long time I mean you're
talking about a well-educated player who you know he fought and did it the right way you know I read
something that he'd never been suspended for anything so I mean okay so what he fought he
followed the rules and and if anything every time he was doing it, he was engaging with someone who was willing to fight him back.
So to use that as an excuse why he wouldn't be effective at his job, it's not very calculated or thought out.
It's just a very dumb thought to that hire.
I think he's going to do awesome.
to that hire. I think he's going to do awesome.
I mean, if you've talked to George Peros, you can tell he's a very calm demeanor guy who's well-educated, well-spoken, and
I'm sure he's going to take this job extremely seriously.
So to answer your question,
no, I don't see why people would think we're weird.
I completely agree.
Do your research and see what he's done and how he's living and his track record,
and then reply to that.
Don't just go to Twitter.
Oh, he fought.
He's going to be brutal.
Great hire player safety.
It's just like, what?
It is.
It's the hockey Twitter squids, like that squid at the hockey news,
which is why no one really reads it anymore, the Ken Campbell.
He's kind of a squid anyways.
He wrote a thing like, oh, this is a good hire because the optics are bad.
It's like, what do you mean the optics are bad?
The guy fucking knows the discipline, you know, the system better than anyone.
Like I said, he played an honorable game.
He happened to be a fighter.
He's no different than naming any other, like, former player to the position.
It was like,
if that's your excuse, the optics are bad,
then you just sound like a fucking squid who doesn't
want him to be in that job anyways, because that's a shit
excuse. And he went to Princeton. Where'd you go,
Ken Campbell? Fuck that.
Well, and yeah,
like I said, it's just...
Well, there's two
reasons he might have wrote it. He won't
want to get the clicks. You don't know, but it's just genuine thought. But to me, it's... Yeah, there's two reasons he might have wrote it. He wants to get the clicks.
You don't know.
It's just genuine thought.
But to me, it's too easy.
That's the easy response.
Put some thought into it.
Do your research.
I mean, who would he have hired?
Now, yeah, there might be some guys who maybe won the Lady Bing,
but those guys might not want to work at the league office.
They're probably golfing every day, enjoying
their life because they've made millions
upon millions.
And the guys who had the job before him,
I mean, Stephon Quintal, Brendan Shanahan,
those guys all punched faces for a living, too.
They weren't, you know, like,
I would go as far as saying,
and this is nothing against
Brendan Shanahan, I would go as far as saying he was probably
a dirtier player than Peros was.
Yeah.
Because not only did he play more,
he probably stuck out a few knees and threw a few butt ends in his day
where he probably did it more frequently than George Peros did,
if Peros even ever did it.
Good point.
Most of the time, Peros would tap you on the shit pads and say,
do you want to engage in a punch in the face match?
And if the guy said no, he wouldn't do it.
Bingo.
All right, Biz, we're going to bring up to our listener segment,
All Right, Hamilton, in which we field the questions from our listeners
that we present to you guys.
I like you.
Let's have Biz go.
Let's have you answer first so we don't have to.
So if you guys threw me these crazy ones,
I had no idea what was even going on.
That's the fun of it. That's the point of the game. You make me look like an idiot. That's the fun of it.
That's the point of the game, to make you look like an idiot.
Make us look like idiots.
All right, so Anderson Good asked, this is by special request of the Admiral.
He asked, cleaner version, why is there a rule that goalies can't be captains?
All right, Hamilton.
Well, actually, let me backtrack a little, just because this guy, we went back and forth. Basically, this guy was asking why goalies can't be captains. Well, actually, let me backtrack a little, just because this guy, we went back and forth.
Basically, this guy was asking
why goalies can't be captains, and I explained
to him that it's a rule they made
because there was one goalie back from Montreal in
the 50s who constantly took advantage
of it, so they put this rule that goalies can't
be captains, but this guy's question is,
where do you as a player or a former player
think of potentially having a goalie
as a captain? Yeah, but Luongo was captain.
But it was unofficial.
I thought Luongo was.
No, but he was the unofficial captain.
Oh, they can't wear the C.
Right.
Oh, shit.
I didn't know that.
They only put the C on Luongo's helmet.
He was unofficially the captain.
But as far as having it, like if the NHL could make a goalie the official captain,
is that something you would be for when you played biz?
I mean, I don't know.
I'm a traditionalist, and it just seems a little odd to me.
I guess I really don't have an answer for why I wouldn't do it.
But it's more like their goalies are in their own little world.
Let them just focus on their job.
I mean, you can attest to this.
If you've ever seen a goalie before a game,
you just kind of let them do their thing in the corner.
There is the odd one that's a little more vocal in the locker room and that's not saying that there are
certain goalies that are essentially the leader of the team but i you know i just think it makes
a lot more sense to have a player who has maybe a little less responsibility of having to play
most nights and the entire 60 minutes 100 100 i 100. I think that more than anything, it's so, not time-consuming,
but it's so important.
It's the most important position, the goalie.
Let him deal with his own things, his own weird, quirky things that goalies do.
And also, captains, they usually plan the team parties and stuff.
You don't want some weird goalie planning team parties.
You'll end up having it like Dave and Buster's or something like that. And not to mention, goal You don't want some weird goalie playing the team parties. You'll end up having Dave and Busters or something like that.
Not to mention, goalies don't play
every night. Some goalies only play
55 games a year, so that's
25, 27 games you're going to have to have another
captain installed.
Alright, next question.
To touch
on that, I think people
forget that playing 60 minutes
most nights, I'd say most starters are know playing 60 minutes most nights I'd say most
starters are probably playing 60 games a year the mental grind that that in in zoos of that because
if you have a bad night or even two nights in a row where you're struggling man everyone's looking
at you whereas if it's like a couple bad games in a row well you know your team might have played
well there's no escaping that couple nights it's your goalie just let them focus on the net say she's known a couple bad games in a row, well, you know, your team might have played well,
but there's no escaping that couple nights as your goalie.
Just let them focus on the net.
There you go.
All right, so Camarelli asks,
is training camp all business,
or is there a time for the boys to rip it up a couple times before the season starts?
All right, Hamilton.
Usually from camps that I was associated in,
wait, I don't know if you dealt with this,
but there's like a bit of a grind session.
I would say probably six, seven days.
And once the team really narrows down,
then they typically do a little bit of bonding.
Whether they leave the city that they're in,
I know a couple of years we went to Prescott,
which is just about an hour and a half away from Phoenix.
And we went and golfed one day and,
and the boys got a little banged up,
but it was a good,
you know,
team bonding session for the season.
Yeah.
And one,
and like you said,
usually,
you know,
like they make a bunch of cuts and then you kind of have like maybe 30 guys as
opposed to the,
when the roster's 22 or whatever.
And then remember in St. Louis, we went out with the boys. We had a time there one night when you get the day off, kind of have like maybe 30 guys as opposed to when the roster is 22 or whatever.
And then remember in St. Louis, we went out with the boys.
We had a time there one night when you get the day off,
you can finally go out and kind of blow off some steam.
Because, yeah, I mean, you have at least eight to ten days in a row where you're just grinding it out, skating, working out,
and getting massages and things like that, not the cool ones.
So it's really  the coach knows the it's really like, it's really,
the coach knows the guy, these guys need to go out and just have a good time.
So that's actually always one of the funnest nights because it's the first
time since you've really seen everyone when you go out as a group.
And R.A. rips it up whenever he feels like it.
I would, yeah, I would, to touch on that,
what I would say is the problem you probably run into with most coaches who never played,
maybe don't realize that guys need, you know, they need an escape.
They need to get away from the rink, you know, at least once a week.
And I'm sure that's probably why the players implemented the four days off guaranteed a month,
where you need an escape, you know, you need to go have a few pints, blow off some steam,
you know, have a little fun, and then boom, you come back hungrier,
ready to work, and it's a better situation.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah, my training camp, I just hope none of my players get hurt
and that someone comes out of nowhere and forces the team to add him
like Bergeron several years ago.
Exactly.
All right.
What happened?
No. What happened? Patrice Bergeron several years ago. Exactly. That's right. What happened? No.
What happened?
Patrice Bergeron, when his first camp, nobody really expected him to make the team,
but he was, like, so dynamic out there that he kind of forced the Bruins to keep him on the roster
when a lot of people probably didn't think he was going to make it.
He's special, man.
He's a special player.
He's still getting it done.
Sure is.
All right, next question, Grinelli.
All right, so MFH asks, which coach ran the toughest training camp?
All right, Hamilton.
I mean, Tippett had some tough ones.
We had to work so hard because our skill level wasn't as good as the top-end team.
So he really stressed work ethic.
So we really pushed the pace in practice.
And some of those training camps were a grind.
Yeah, I don't think I ever really had one that was too bad.
Biz, remember the original Pittsburgh ones, by the way?
When I'm talking about testing and stuff,
when I first turned pro and Biz was in Pittsburgh,
the testing was...
Remember the strength coach there? And his foot was... I first turned pro and biz was in Pittsburgh. The testing, the testing was member that member,
the strength coach there.
And he is like,
foot was,
he had like one leg,
like four inches shorter than the other.
And he was just like,
he was a good guy.
But we used to,
he used to be like,
Hey,
a pushups and sit ups.
Tell me how many you did.
So you just go over with another guy.
He'd be like,
I did 112 sit ups and 63 pushups.
He's like,
great job.
So that one was easy.
Eddie Olchuk ran a pretty easy camp.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, I didn't have anything too hard.
Do you remember that, though, when it was just...
I never told you this story.
Oh, I've never heard your Pittsburgh camp story.
Okay, so it was my first ever training camp.
I was 18 years old.
Mario Lemieux was coming back, and he was in training camp, camp i was 18 years old mario lemieux was coming back
and he was in training in camp and i was in his uh group session and uh the other group had already
practiced and then we played a game then we practiced and the last team that practiced
would bag skate after so it was our turn to bag skate and eddie olchek called us in he's like
all right guys great practice we're just going to finish off with a skate here.
And Mario was like, hey, Eddie.
And he looked over to Mario, and he gave it the like,
uh-uh, we're not skating kind of thing.
And he's like, all right, guys, have a great day.
And I was like, what the fuck just happened?
I couldn't believe I'd never seen anything like that in my life.
And that's when I knew Mario Lemieux, how big of a legend he was.
That's such a power move.
He's not the coach on the ice.
Actually, Edzo, I don't think so.
Okay, boys, great practice.
Let's go.
So, Wits.
Yeah, good job.
Have fun at the golf course.
Wits, Terrian wasn't a bastard?
No, he wasn't.
I mean, camp was tough, but I don't ever remember it being like,
holy shit, like Miracle on Ice, 1980, Brooks Camp.
I personally think that every camp's a grind
because no matter how hard you skate, you're still just,
you're not 100 ready yet.
I mean, maybe guys are now.
I shouldn't necessarily say that,
but I don't remember ever being like, this is impossible
because of the rule that they have, and that's the three-hour rule.
So you can't be at the, is it three hours, Biz, or four?
It's three, and
a lot of coaches now
have adapted, or
you're getting new school coaches
where, I would say earlier on
in my pro career, yeah, okay, some
coaches were a little obnoxious with their practices
and skates, but I mean,
if you're a coach and you haven't adapted to a new style where two players one they need rest and they need their
gym time because they got to keep everything balanced so if you're killing them on the ice
and you're you're you know creating sloppy habits i mean you're just shooting yourself in the foot
because you're not getting the best production of your players and some coaches have done a great
job of adapting to that.
So bagging guys every day, you know,
that doesn't mean they're going to be in better shape. That just means you're wearing them down,
especially on an 82-game schedule.
Yep. And also, like, if you want to talk about hard training camps,
you talk about Russia.
There, there's no three-hour rule.
There's no nothing.
They could skate you for six hours.
They skate you twice a day.
And then at the end, they'll have, like,
the team security guy punch you in the face
on the way out for a little toughness exercise.
Have you smoked one cigarette
for every lap?
Yeah. Well, that's why
they're
all on the gas over there.
They have to be. Oh, the gas, man.
That gas was the best.
Yeah, that's steroids. I think I took some.
Alright, we've got one more question for All Right Hamilton.
All right, so Jim Engert asks, does Bugsy have a chance?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, Bugsy.
Hey, how great is that, Biz?
He's the best.
I know that he had a little bit of trouble there,
and some people hold that against him, but he's an unbelievable guy.
I think every one of his teammates loved him, i wish him the best so do i and i think that more
than anything and just having talked to bugsy uh just briefly um he it's really cool now that his
kids his two sons are the age where they really know what's going on and and he's he so this
summer there's a really good uh summer skate in minnesota uh call it the Beauty League, probably named after you, Biz.
But it's a bunch of the NHL and college players, and they skate.
And Bugsy would just go behind the bench and just hang out.
And then they needed a couple guys, so he started skating.
He's like, I felt pretty good, and his kids loved it.
So for him to get a PTO, and then the real chance,
and I think this is just me guessing.
I wouldn't say that this is what he's trying to do,
but he could maybe play in the olympics you know you never know right like i mean this is a guy who
his nickname was the sand man because he was so slow at the end of his career but he was a he
doesn't get enough credit for how good of a player he was and and he's actually says he feels better
now he had some surgery um to to kind of help out like the this issue he had with like his lower
calf and feet.
Varicose veins.
Yeah, varicose veins, which look disgusting,
so hopefully his legs look better now,
but he covers them in tattoos anyways.
So I think that he's just more than anything having fun with his kids.
He's just feeling good again.
He wants to skate, and maybe you get signed to an AHL deal
or somewhere along the line, and he ends up being on Team USA.
So that would be something that would be amazing for him
but I'm rooting for him because as Biz said
when I think of
my favorite teammate of all time, he
comes in my head right away with
a couple other guys, including you Biz.
So thank you so much for joining us.
Yeah, I didn't get no problem.
Like I said, I love the comeback
and I really hope he does it.
Yeah, I think too there was a good article I sent to you, I love the comeback story, and I really hope he does it. Yeah, I think, too, there was a good article I sent to you.
I think it was in the Pittsburgh paper.
Basically, what you were just saying, Witts, that his kids are older now,
and they actually can see him play.
And I think he's probably doing it because he never really got proper closure.
Exactly.
His contract ran out.
He got the situation.
He got arrested and probably left a bad taste in his mouth.
So now he's got a Pete show.
If he makes it, then it's a fantastic story, which is going to be tough.
He's older.
He hasn't skated.
It's a league that's gotten faster and younger.
And if he doesn't, then, like you say, he may get an AHL contract.
He may get an Olympic deal.
Or if he doesn't get that, he can say, you know what?
I threw my last shot here.
I gave everything I had.
Now I know I'm done.
And I think it's, you know, no matter how it ends,
I think it'll be good for him because he'll either end up with a job
or he'll end up knowing that, you know, he gave his last great shot at it.
And everyone makes mistakes.
I mean, he had that issue.
You think I'm going to judge a guy for getting pinched with a little doof in his pocket?
You got the wrong kind of guy here, you know?
And that'll end this All Right Hamilton section.
This week's All Right Hamilton was
brought to you by MyBookie. I wanted
to talk to you guys about our friends at MyBookie.ag,
the number one rated
online sports action site for three straight
years. I've been cashing out
in the reg on MLB action like the
Cleveland Indians. They offer that stuff
every day. You can also score big on
the NFL, which just started week one last
week, and any big fights that are coming,
like we just had Mayweather,
McGregor,
you know who's going to win, right?
So you want to put your money where your mouth is.
Lay down some cash and win big today.
Join thousands of online players,
just like me and Wits here,
and start betting at MyBookie.
Sign up, collect a 100 bonus,
and double your bankroll on the house.
Just use the promo code SPIT to get started today.
That's promo code SPIT, S-P-I-T.
I would only recommend a service to my listeners that's been good to me,
and my bookie pays me out.
That's what we care about as gamers and players.
That's why I'm urging you to make your way to my bookie.
You win, they pay.
You're wasting your time betting anywhere else.
They have in-game live betting, the most rewarding player perks in the business,
and an all-new best-in-class mobile website that makes wagering on the go a breeze.
And unlike some other websites you might find, MyBookie offers fast, no-hassle payouts when you win.
So join now and MyBookie match your deposit up to 100 bonus.
Use the promo code SPIT, S-P-I-T, to activate the offer.
Visit mybookie.ag today or call 844-900-BETS.
You play, you win, you get paid.
Expert or rookie, you got to check out MyBookie.
Sign up today.
Thanks so much, dude.
We're really excited for this year with you with the Coyotes.
And also, when that documentary comes out about BC,
we'll be plugging that thing away, and I'm excited to watch it.
So thanks so much, man.
That interview with Paul Bissonette, a.k.a. Biz Nasty,
is brought to you by DraftKings.
Week one is in the books, but it's not too late to get closer to the game
you love with DraftKings One Week Fantasy Football.
Every week it's an option.
This Sunday, DraftKings is hosting a 100,000 Pick'Em contest that is totally free to enter.
That's right, free.
Pick'Em is the newest way to play one-week fantasy football.
Drafting your team is faster than ever.
DraftKings has organized players into eight tiers.
All you have to do is select one player from each tier.
It's so easy.
It takes 25 seconds.
Choose between public contests with big cash prizes or private contests where you can compete against a group of your friends. That's the best part. You and your 10 buddies can make
one as many as you want. It's fun. DraftKings also has beginner and casual contests where you'll play
against people of similar skill level. The best part is you get to draft a new team each week
without any commitment. Just do it when you want. So go to DraftKings.com now and use the promo code CHICKLETS, E-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
to play in DraftKings' free contest with 100,000 in total prizes this Sunday.
That's promo code CHICKLETS to compete for your share of 100,000 in total prizes.
The contest is totally free to enter. Why wouldn't you do it?
DraftKings, the game inside the game. Eligibility restrictions apply.
See DraftKings, the game inside the game eligibility restrictions apply see DraftKings.com for details
Once again, huge thanks for our boy Biz Nasty
Paul Bissner for joining us
Yeah, and we just appreciate
Biz coming on. This is, as we keep saying
it's been a slow, tight beat time of year
we've had some good guys in the summer but I
hope all you listeners stick with us
because once the season gets going, we'll be back to normal in terms of stuff to talk about league happenings uh getting
some more interviews so um pump is could come on i'm happy for him he it seems like you don't really
really think of how many guys can can kind of struggle from ending their playing career into
what they're going to do next and business just showing how how how good it's been for him how
easy it's been for him just moving on.
And I think it's funny he mentioned Tyson Nash twice.
If you get to watch any Coyotes games, he's their regular color guy for TV.
He's hilarious.
Yeah, he is hilarious.
He's constantly dropping one-liners.
He was a hilarious guy when he played.
Teammates love him.
So have him doing the TV and Biz doing the radio.
That's a pretty funny broadcast to get to listen to.
Yeah, definitely be hilarious.
So, again, thanks to him. And like you
said, it's dry season right now
sort of, but training camp's starting, stories
picking up. And obviously once they're
playing, that's what we talk about is the game.
So we do got a couple more.
You play to win the game.
Three weeks we got, I think, before
things kick off. We do got a couple more
interviews and there's some guys from the other conference.
Believe it or not, I know that's a chirp,
but we don't have enough
Western Conference guys,
but we got some good shit
in the pipeline.
So thanks for listening
and enjoy.
We'll be in touch.
East Coast Bias.
Peace out. We'll see you next time. and click on the survey banner or go to podcastone.com slash my survey. It only takes a few minutes and it gives you the opportunity to make a direct impact on your favorite shows.
Tell us how you really feel so we can get to know you better.
We value your thoughts and participation.
So check out the survey at podcastone.com slash my survey or click on the survey banner on podcastone.com.
