Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 443 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
We're knee-deep into the second round, guaranteed at least two game sixes.
We got a city on edge up north, some frankly wild shit going on this round, but let's check it with the fellas. First,
the Merman,
Matt Murley.
What's going on,
big guy?
Not much.
I'm happy.
We're doing an early recording today.
It's only 10 PM over here.
It's not 4 AM.
So I got a little,
I got a little juice.
I'm ready.
You're able to stay up tonight or tonight.
Maybe a dirt watch the games tomorrow day.
Yeah,
I'm going to,
I've said it.
I was going to go to bed,
but I figured we're going to do this for a couple hours.
Then I'm going to tune into biz on TNT and he's going to get me all juiced up.
Then I'll fall and fall into that first period and I'll probably be up.
Then if you win one bet, next goal, you're in.
Yeah, that's what I was saying to G earlier.
It's like a casino.
You can't sleep.
You don't even get tired.
Except there's no oxygen being pumped into your apartment.
You have a nice glow on.
I saw a video you posted.
The weather looks tremendous over there.
Yeah, the weather's turned.
It's been perfect weather.
It's the perfect heat where you're not sweating through everything, but it's still warm.
And the bars are probably full because the minute it turns there, I feel like everybody
is just the happiest person on the planet.
Yeah, they all start.
They always build out these huge patios. They them down in the winter then they build them all
out for the spring so everybody's just on the patios drinking the ten dollar draft beers it's
a time i don't get down there much anymore with the wife and kid but a good time why did you say
ten dollar draft beer is that expensive are they trying to gouge you because of the you can enjoy
it in the sun no it's always expensive liquor over here.
The government controls it all.
So it's very expensive.
It's basically what I call it.
It's like you pay for your taxes.
It's your health care.
You get free education, all this stuff.
But your booze is really expensive.
More than Canada.
You're providing health care for the whole block where you're living.
Stockholm's taking care of it because of the mermaid.
You're basically a surgeon. You're a brain surgeon. That's how much you're living stockholm's taking care because of the mermaid you're basically a surgeon yeah
you're a brain surgeon that's how much you're contributing and i go for the cheap beer over
here i go for the cheapest one like the they don't have big deal brewer i would be going that but
they got a like a falcon it's called it's just the local like cheapest one oh i remember the big
the big cans yeah oh yeah i gotta go tall boys. Always go tall boys. I love to.
I asked Murr.
I'm like, so like, or he explained to me, basically, you live two different lives. Like the winter, everyone just hunkers down and you just understand like, this is it.
We got six, seven months of straight up winter.
And then the summer, all anyone does is spend the entire day outside.
They're drinking, they're fishing, they're golfing.
I'm like, so what do they do in the winter?
He's like, they really drink.
Oh, so Murr, I don't want to get you in trouble,
but in Vancouver, the minute it turns, cause usually winter it's all rainy, but the minute it's sunny out, like you see these beautiful women walk in the streets. Is it similar there
where like girls in bikini tops and. Yeah, not so much bikini tops, but it's,
they're in the dresses. And I remember when I was first over here years ago, my couple of buddies
came over and they would just sit in the square on the bench for hours like this is fantasy land
they called it it was just sitting there watching them back and forth i'll creep the rocket blonde
rocket brunette blonde rocket they have the they have the scorecards like the dumb contest paul is nasty business i just left you oh yesterday sometime down atlanta great time
we'll get to that shortly but uh you get excited more nervous doing this before a show does this
kind of calm you down before going on tv what's that what's what are you feeling right now i don't
think we've ever recorded before i've went on so i mean you could judge by the performance tonight
while i'm fumble fucking my words and i don't I can't put together my thoughts but uh no it actually kind of gets me in the mode you know
I know tonight uh tonight we have Carolina New Jersey which will be an interesting game hopefully
New Jersey can at least extend things because the way that Carolina played last game and the way
that they play at home I don't really like New Jersey's chances, especially if they don't start Schmid.
Because I think they went to Vanacek in that game. But overall, buddy, just pump my Leafs are alive. I thought they played the best 60-minute game they have all playoffs. And
chip in the chair, as they say. You said one Northern team that's a little bit off their
rocker right now. But I feel like both Canadian teams right now are off their rocker, especially with what happened in game four in edmonton oh i don't know i mean it's all
it's all knotted up why i would think toronto's way more on edge than edmonton right now though
oh i just meant more so because of the slash to their golden boys wrist and just like okay
amount of attention online this has gotten and people oh yeah people petrangelo is going to have
to go in a witness protection program now yeah that was some ugly he's gonna have wit wit coming at him for crying out loud i saw all the
rants and raving you were doing on the twitter machine last night it's it's it's a goon squad
that old vegas team all you've been telling me is these are the choir boys these are the these are
the mean and clean guys these are the stay out of the box guys. They have about 150 penalty minutes in the two games they've lost this period.
They tried to break a guy's wrist.
Our golden child, our number two, but he's really everyone else's number one A
if they could ever touch him.
It was disgusting.
And the decision from the Department of Player Safety hasn't come out yet.
If he doesn't get more games than Darnell Nurseerscott for a fair, even, square-off fight,
then I don't know what fucking league we're watching and covering.
So, hello.
Nice seeing you guys.
And, yeah, for anyone who's a little confused,
so we're going to be able to go over what's happened the past few days,
and then we're going to hop on after the games tonight.
So we'll be able to cover Game 5, Carolina.
Yeah, Game 5. And then we'll be able to cover game five, Carolina, or games, yeah, game five,
and then we'll be able to cover game five, Dallas, Seattle.
But we're just trying to get through most of the pod,
you know, before 1 a.m.
Yeah, and you guys didn't want to have to wait for me,
and we get Merle's on here.
So it just made sense,
especially with the amount of drama that's happened
over the past few days.
And then we could just recap those game five.
So we thought that that made the most sense.
So thank you for to
wait for Claire yeah and actually in I
guess in a funny way to describe to
describe the games that are about to
play tonight Carolina Jersey Seattle
Dallas it'll be just an old-school
chicklets episode wit and all right it
'll be it'll be just us who knows where
that'll lead I mean I don't really even
want to begin to think what we'll be talking about but we'll be back we'll be just us. Who knows where that'll lead? I mean, I don't really even want to begin to think what we'll be talking about,
but we'll be back.
We'll be back.
We should go knock on 19 Colebrook.
What?
So you have to let us sit in the couch for a couple of hours.
I love that.
Go to the show there.
It's fine.
I remember going to your,
like,
he's like,
I'll show you.
My man came like,
okay.
And I go downstairs to his basement.
He opens the door.
I was like,
I was like,
Oh my God,
are you growing weed in here?
He's like,
no,
no,
I just sit down here and burn.
The TV was like 90 inches,
about three feet away from him.
I was like,
this is a man.
He's the guy who sits front row at the cinema like this.
Hey,
tough to get a man cave in the city though.
And that was,
that was a pretty sick room to be honest.
It was.
That's what happens. You don't have kids, man. Just make a man cave out the city, though. And that was a pretty sick room, to be honest. Oh, it was. It was. That's what happens, you know, if a kid's mad.
Just make a man cave out of the kid's bedrooms.
But, Wood, that's actually a nice little segue to our guests.
We're not going to spoil any stories.
But if you haven't heard on our social media,
we interviewed Charles Barkley on Monday.
We're going to be dropping it next week.
I mean, we're not going to get into it.
But, guys, that was incredible.
I was giddy the whole time.
This is going to be, you know,
probably a top three to five interview easily, right, Biz? Oh, oh yeah and he was so generous with the time that he gave us we sat
down for just under two hours so uh we couldn't be more grateful uh we appreciate chuck just one
absolute one of a kind personality and uh we we shared a lot of laughs let's just put it that way
so looking forward to you guys uh hearing that We didn't really talk too much hockey.
I was just more interested in about his career and all the things that he's accomplished
and done.
Like we're talking like multiple SNLs, played on the Dream Team, Hall of Fame career, his
television career, which I hadn't even realized was 23 years.
I mean, time goes fast.
And once again, just a one of personality from alabama who's an extremely
grateful person for for where life has brought them and we had the pleasure of sitting down with
them and i'm excited for you spit and trickles fans to hear it ra uh we did talk about that um
they did an ad campaign i'm not your role model which was a huge at the time and probably even
more so than i know because i wasn't really you know i wasn't probably
smart enough to understand how it was more of a you know him trying to reach through to
to all these younger kids about not looking up to athletes but more so doctors and teachers and
what have it um but you ended up writing a paper on it yeah when you were in what college i was a
very mature uh freshman at north adams that's a way of saying I was a 21 year old freshman to college.
And yeah,
what did you do the three years after high school?
He dedicated his life to proms and spring breaks.
I can stay away from my daughter.
So were you working or were you just like partying?
What?
1991. I went to Northeast until April and I wasn't having a good time.
I was fucking taking the orange light of college.
I'm like,
I grew up on animal house revenge of the nerds. This isn't fucking college. I was a commuter. So I fucking taking the orange line at college. I'm like, I grew up on Animal House and Revenge of the Nerds.
This isn't fucking college.
I was a commuter.
So I took a year and a half maybe off.
North Adams wouldn't take my transfer credit.
So I waited, applied as a freshman.
They took me and then I just worked, you know,
crumb-bub jobs in the interim and went to town
and fucking chased broads around for a couple of years.
Then a few more years up North Adams,
chased a few more around up there.
So I did, I matriculated totally for for four and a half years, but I graduated
high school in 90 and college in 97.
A lot of people go to college
for seven years. You basically are a doctor.
Might as well join the fucking B-School.
We have a brain surgeon in one
corner here on the Zoom, and then we have
another doctor on the bottom right.
We have a hitman. If Petri Angelo
doesn't get a two or three-game extension
on the bottom left.
And that's the wit dog.
The last thing on Barkley that cracked me up,
because it wasn't in the interview,
it was after we just said,
we're like,
hey,
we have to show you RA here shooting hoops.
This guy is something else.
And I think he was like,
oh man,
this guy must have like a wet J.
And we showed him it.
And he,
motherfucker,
what the fuck?
Hey, why don't we insert that video right now we'll play that
right now
this is our race playing basketball we want you to
grade his shot
it was raining Charles
oh my god
it's not supposed to be out
it's supposed to go up
wait this is the best one.
Go to the free throw line.
You couldn't even get it there.
The kick was too all right.
Wait, did you say that was better?
What the fuck?
Oh, the ball's wet?
Oh, yeah, that's not it.
That's not it.
I think he does that on that one.
Nah.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I know.
It's bad.
Don't put your thing down.
No, I ain't got it.
I ain't got it.
So, Sir Charles, I mean, I think it was, I guess he's boys with Shaq,
so he's seen his free throw shooting.
Oh, the other thing that was hilarious, so we interviewed Charles Tuesday,
and then that night or last night, did you see him in shack like crying,
laughing?
They couldn't even talk because they were laughing at AD.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anthony Davis leaving the court in a wheelchair and they couldn't even form a
sentence.
I remember Paul Pierce,
he had left the court in a wheelchair and then he came back to the game.
Yeah.
Uh,
Charles,
go ahead,
sorry.
Well,
no,
he was,
he was complimenting the kid from uh because it
was a kid from winnipeg and somebody else got hit with a massive amount of stitches too and he said
if that happened to a basketball player he'd retire like and it's true uh uh biz you were
gonna ask me a second ago well i was gonna say how did you do on the paper uh i think i got like
an e-minus it was you know the real like fresh intro to it right in freshman class it wasn't like a tough
one but i'm gonna actually see if i could dig it out because we had to save all our papers like
senior seminar bullshit so i might actually have it i'll have to take a look at my stash
it's not at this address though would have been a straight a if there wasn't a hole from the
roach that he was smoking while he wrote it in the top left. I actually had like a 3.75 or something after like two years
because I was on the school paper.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah, I was editor of the school paper by like my sophomore year.
I just kind of like fell into it and had an act for it.
And then after that, I used up too many credits,
so then I could only take so many classes after
that I had the worst fucking schedules for two years.
C's and D's get degrees.
That was my motto for the last two years.
I'm hoping that you could pull it up so our fans could read like what you
thought about it at the time.
What was your,
what was your creative process?
How would you sit down and write?
Would you always smoke or would you stay sober?
You know what?
That it's funny.
The first semester,
I wasn't quite the stoner.
Actually that first semester,
that's when I became like a regular smoker.
I would smoke occasionally back in the Chuck town,
but up there is when I became like a regular smoker i would smoke occasionally back in chucktown but up there is when i i became like a regular uh user of the cannabis and it just
mellowed me out it chilled me out it's better than fucking klonopin or all the other shit they
put you on and i may or may not have spoke for that i just i dove right in and said no fucking
he plays sports for a living you shouldn't be having to raise your kids man of course he's not
a fucking role model the other thing too busy he's a head tall to me right in that picture he's six
six only 19 fucking guys in nba history have more rebounds than that guy he's not a fucking role model. The other thing, too, Biz, he's a head tall to me, right? In that picture, he's 6'6". Only 19
fucking guys in NBA history have more
rebounds than that guy. He's 6'6". Everyone else
is like 6'8", 6'9", 7' tall.
That's even more impressive when you stand
next to the guy. This guy averaged 11.7
fucking rebounds a game
over 16 years, and he's 6'6". Yeah, it's kind of a cool
story how he told us, the coach was like,
do you know how many rebounds you get every game? And he didn't even
know. He's like, yeah, 11 or 12. and the guy's like do you understand like how rare that
is and he had no idea so we won't spoil anything but it was it was a lot of fun chat with him just
a super friendly guy and what a crazy life yeah i was i was having major FOMO you guys were down
there with him so i actually was watching you biz on this on his steam room podcast today and i
you guys rapport was awesome
like he really liked you and it was really a fun episode to watch i'm really excited for the next
big one i thought of you during it um because he actually used your line i was like does he know
merles he i think i don't remember how it came up he goes i like to drink and I like to gamble. That's the more.
Don't take my buddy.
Hey, don't take my buddy.
Get a friend, steal him.
I'm like, Merle, what the hell are you doing here in the lobby?
The four seasons?
Oh, I live with Chuck.
Now all we do is drink and gamble.
Shit.
Before we get to the hockey couple notes, you guys got a sandbag.
A drop it soon.
Correct.
The Mundo versus Portnoy and Richards.
Holy shit.
I watched this the other night.
It is the most outrageous hour of golf on YouTube that's ever been created. I mean, Dave Portnoy was the most miserable, miserable prick you've ever seen in your life.
And it was pure entertainment.
I sent you guys the one clip where I think he says cunt 43 times
in like a 10-second span, just slashing it around the bunker.
Can't give anything away.
What a match.
What a horrible, horrible, like maybe the worst golf ever played on the internet,
but it was competitive.
Yeah, it was.
I can't wait.
It'll be Wednesday for everyone, so check that out.
Josh Richards is a great kid too.
Awesome kid. Awesome kid.
Awesome kid. He's got a
tiny though. I didn't realize how
small he was. He's got to weigh a
buck, what, buck 50, buck 60?
I don't even know if that. Remember
we did the quad. Nothing wrong with weighing a buck
50 or buck 50. That's true.
I thought he was going to blow away given
the wind that we had on the golf course that day.
Worst conditions I've ever golfed in.
It was a miserable day for me, but not as much as Dave Portnoy.
So it actually made me happy.
Before we continue, folks, here to talk to you about Pink Whitney,
the drink of the summer, the shot of the summer.
Is there any better way to consume Pink Whitney than grabbing a nip,
guzzling it down, being outside in the sun, being in the warmth?
We got Memorial Day coming up in
the States, up in Canada. What is it? May long weekend for you guys. The boats will be in the
water. The golf clubs will be getting cleaned up. The fishing rods will be getting the dust off them.
And what do you do to enjoy that? You take a nice big old swig of your Pink Whitney soda or your
Pink Whitney nip, or maybe if you're getting crazy that night, Pink Whitney Red Bull. Jesus, that's a free ad for Red Bull. But if you want
to get buzzing, Pink Whitney will do it. So I saw a guy the other day. He was walking out of the
Packy. That's liquor store in Massachusetts term, I guess I should say. And he had a big old bottle,
one of our big bottles. What size are those, G? What are those called?
Oh, the 175s fives, the handles baby. Oh, the one seven five. It was the size of
Wyatt when he was born. I said, Hey, where are you going with that? He said, I'm playing in a
four man scramble with my buddies and we're going to drink this whole bottle by the 16th hole. I
said, you get an Uber ride, buddy. You get an Uber ride home, but you have a blast. So I just,
I just love the fact that the weather's turning,
the sun is out, and the Pink Whitney's flowing.
We love Pink Whitney.
We love New Amsterdam.
And we love you listeners.
So go get involved right now.
Pink Whitney's where it's at.
Grinnelli, I saw you got a haircut.
You look like Demi Moore.
Let's see.
It's a tough one, boys.
Let's see it.
So my sideburns are gone. Oh, Jesus. I have no sideburns. My hair is, it's a tough one boys uh so so my sideburns are gone oh i have no sideburns my hair is it's it's
why did you why i thought you were all about the flow like what honestly boys i had just one of
those moments where it was like i gotta grow up i i got i just looked myself in the mirror was like
this hair i just i just gotta grow up i can't i'm sick of going out with a hat on and how this guy
cut my hair was insane
first off what an idiot move for not going to sport clips the best place to get a haircut in
the league but the guy would tie my hair in a knot and then take a single razor and just
and just slice the knot i've never got my haircut on that yeah i've never got a rikers the haircut
cost i mean it took about eight minutes total i had a of hair gone, and now I have no sideburns.
And that side looks like the sideburns are somewhat there,
and the other one looks like they're higher up.
What a fucking amateur job.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, and it's like shaved where the sideburn was on the right side.
Oh, that's a butcher job.
It's horrible.
Do you go to Hank's guy?
No, I gotta. he still won't tell
me he won't every time i've seen him i've i've seen him out in the city like two or three times
after that and he's like i'm still not telling you well i mean you live in new york city i would
i think it would be a wise investment to hire a private investigator and just have him follow
him to where he goes and then just start copying his cuts i think i'll just stick with sport clips
i think that's the,
that yeah.
Maybe that's where he goes.
Maybe that's where Hank goes.
I wouldn't,
wouldn't shock me one bit.
All right.
I'm all right. Pete Grinnelli sideburns.
Yeah.
They're gone.
I had a long gone.
You knew he was doing something to range.
Once the Bruins lost,
it took a little while.
It took a couple of weeks,
but he cut his hair.
And now look at this guy down the bottom.
He's done the range.
If I,
if I remember correctly,
nobody in the internet community of
chicklets was harder on Grinnelli for
partying with the Blues after they beat
the Bruins for the Cup. You went
ham on them, and you've been wearing
Panthers merch.
It's been ended. He's got seasons.
He's got seasons now.
You were on Barstool Radio going at him.
I remember once, dude.
I would say R.A. was number two behind Portnoy.
But R.A., you gave it to me about that.
You were giving.
He brought you guys on to defend me.
And you were like, I'm not defending him.
He's an idiot.
Where are the other two rank?
I'm busting your chops about it.
They were up there.
They weren't as high as you, though.
No numbers. I've just seen Panthers hats,
Panthers shirts, Panthers underwear.
It's like...
You can tell it's the old logo at Reebok. I mean, this shirt's
probably older than the figure you get out.
Me and Merle's...
My rookie year was after Merle's. That was the
rookie year shirts we got.
They were the workout shirts. I remember that.
We didn't get shirts in Pittsburgh.
Do you remember the workout stuff? Remember
it was over in those drawers? It was the old
gray shorts and a plain black
t-shirt that like Shel
Samuelson wore back there in the cup
runs. Shel Samuelson.
It was pathetic. We didn't get anything team
issued. We were bankrupt.
What was the blue
gitch? That was like the iconic one.
The Oilers still have those, think those are legendary yeah everybody wants those
pat maroon has one on still too i see did you guys see that tweet i sent to the big group and
it was online uh that they'd had the list of all the penguins prospects when sid joined the team
you four were on are you three were on it and uh colby armstrong too it sounds like it was the top
20 like all right what are you number sounds like it was the top 20.
Like,
all right,
we'll put you number 21.
Like I was the only one on the show was on the fucking list.
It was a ton of dudes.
Did you see who was last on that list?
Matt Molson.
Yeah.
Oh shit.
He was in the Pittsburgh.
And he probably,
I mean,
the list was Flurry,
Malkin,
myself.
I would say after Flurry and Malkin,
like,
did anyone on that list have a better career than
Matt Molson maybe Goligosky was was probably on there at that point I'd have to go through and
look but I texted him I go because he's a scout I go scouts don't know shit he's like ah sometimes
we do but he was way down there and he what a run he had basically it was in the context of this
analytic guy online what's his name Jay Fresh I think so yeah he was the one who posted it saying like oh yeah you guys think that crosby had a lot to work with when he stepped
in the league much like bedard so it was a ricochet shot for us but hey it was just it was pleasure to
be nominated well that's what happened bx has said it on sports net he chirped army oh he's like oh
he's like what did he have army and talbot so then I fired back, not that he saw it or anything,
but I was like, what do you mean?
Like when Crosby came, we had LeClaire, Recchi,
Palfi, Lemieux, and the wit.
And then I think that guy saw that
and he put out the list of prospects.
I still love thinking back to lockout year,
playing Manitoba Moose and just seeing
that this rookie defenseman was getting a lot of points.
I'm like, Bowling Green, he's a little undersized.
I'm like, who is this guy?
And then he beat the piss out of somebody.
I was like, what the hell?
It was fucking BX.
I can't say his name.
BX.
That's why I was like, Merle's going at him on Twitter.
He wouldn't say a word to him to his face.
Oh, no.
I remember.
I was ready to go him up in Manitoba one time, and he looked at me,
and I could just tell. I think I've told that story on here. I just could see in his eyes. I'm like, nope go him up in Manitoba one time and he looked at me and I could just tell.
I think I've told that story on here.
I just could see in his eyes.
I'm like, oh, no, that's not that.
Yeah.
No army didn't have that in him.
He didn't have that radar where he could detect if a guy would beat the wheels off him.
But you had it built in.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And I talked to army about it on game.
Now he's like, no, he's just messing with me.
We're buddies.
He's like, I was just a shot.
He goes, Talbot was the real Rick.
It's a shot. Like no reason to bring him into it. He's the messing with me. We're buddies. He's like, I was just, it was a shot. He goes, Talbot was the real ricochet shot.
Like no reason to bring him into it.
He's the only reason I have a fucking cup.
Two goals, game seven to win the cup.
Exactly.
I'll be.
Well, boys, you want to get into it?
Absolutely.
It's funny you mentioned fancy stats.
I actually put a couple in this week's outline biz, believe it or not.
We'll get to them in a little bit.
But big news out of Philly.
Friend of the program, Keith Jones, has been named president of Hockey Operations.
Daniel Brea got the GM job, no surprise there.
Earlier on Wednesday, there were reports
it was down to Jonesy and Edzo. I think a lot of people
were kind of surprised, two guys in media.
Edzo hasn't been in a front office for a while. I don't think
Jonesy ever has, and then later,
Chris Terry broke that it was going to be Jonesy getting the job.
So, congrats to Jonesy, man.
Wait, let me go to you first. If you
took over the presidency of the Flyers,
what would be your first move to make? You already got a GM there.
Would you move the coach players? What would you do?
Sign Hazy doing another extension?
I think I'd move the team.
He would just troll the fans every night on Twitter.
Just get them right. Just get them right down South.
Get another market down South. I don't know.
That's kind of a loaded question.
I'd have to think about it a little bit,
but I'm so happy for Keith
Jones. And now the first time I actually got to
meet him, I've always been a big fan of watching
his TV career. I think he's so good
between the benches. There's a color guy for all
the Flyers games. And then when
we got to go to his house, he had the donkey farm.
He had the beautiful piece of property. It's
about 45, 50 minutes from Philly.
Had one of my most enjoyable interviews
we've ever done.
I feel like we could have done nine hours with him.
We still have to do round two.
I think maybe he'll give us another shot.
Just a legendary memory and a great storyteller.
And I love this move because he's such a people person, right?
He knows exactly, not only does he know what it takes to play at a high level and to kind of understand. He understands what being a
good teammate is because that's really how his whole career was. He was somebody who every team
wanted around. They wanted him around in the room. And he'll look at this entire thing like, all
right, I have Dan Breer who lost the interim tag. So he's now the head GM and he'll be making the
hockey decisions, I believe. I think it's not necessarily fair if a president hires a GM and he'll be making the hockey decisions, I believe. I think it's not necessarily fair if a president hires a GM and then he's always given his input. It's almost like, all right, here's
your job now, go run with it. But Jonesy's the guy that he's speaking to fans, right? He's the
face of the franchise in a sense of when he's talking to media, talking to fans, talking to
season ticket holders, things like that that happen throughout the year. The perfect man for the job.
So his career in hockey, his career in broadcasting,
seeing every aspect of the game,
I think it's just the perfect hire because he's been in Philly.
He loved playing for the Flyers.
I mean, if you guys remember from the interview,
the way he retired when Bobby Clark goes,
Jones, he's done.
The guy's seen it all.
And I think that it's a great hire just because of how much
pride he has in that organization. He wants to get them good again. And I totally disagree with
the people saying like, oh, he's never done this. You're hiring a guy from the media. It's like,
he knows hockey. He's the hockey lifer. And once you're able to get above, it's leadership
qualities, right? You're able to lead from the top and be a guy
who knows how to treat people the right way who knows how to talk to prospects who knows how to
talk to veterans and because of that i think he'll do a phenomenal job well and he's had his eyes on
the organization for so long especially working in media and i'm sure with some of the things that
haven't gone right you know other people maybe come to him and talk about the things that aren't
going right so as far as information about where things should go from here and things that they haven't been
able to address, he's the right guy for the job and the way that he's going to be able to speak
to the fans and communicate that like, you know, they have, they have hardcore fans. They need to
know what's going on on a constant basis. And you need a guy who they can relate to, who can,
who can update them on all that stuff. Ari, I would say the biggest thing, and he's already started well, obviously, with Breer being in the mix, is going to be a roundtable.
What other guys in the organization are going to be involved as far as making hockey decisions?
Because it shouldn't just fall on a guy like Breer.
You need multiple guys, like seven, eight, nine different guys at a round table telling you about, you know, what direction should we go with prospects? What direction should we go with free agency? Those guys like digging into like, you know, will those guys fit in well here? Like what's their character like? So all that weighing on one or two guys shoulders is very difficult. I would imagine Jonesy being the teammate that he is surrounds himself with other great guys
who can make the right decisions
to get this organization in the right place.
I saw Sarah Valli on Twitter biz.
Yeah.
And he mentioned that Tortorella
is going to have a major say in everything,
which I don't necessarily know how that's going to go.
But obviously there's a trust factor between those guys.
Frank's very dialed into the Flyers. That's home base right so i think because of that you'll see that it is
a group decision on a lot of things with torts having a big say and not only who's playing on
the ice but who's getting called up and things like that it's all but it's it's the age-old story
of they're they're constantly bitching in the media about recycling guys who have already
been in the role and then the minute you get a new one it's like oh he does no experience it's like
uh he's a smart enough guy to siphon through this stuff and and and get other people's opinions
where he's not just gonna fucking go and do things on his own where maybe they've had guys there in
the past who are a little bit stubborn and letting people on that inner circle so overall i think
it's a great hire.
I think he's going to crush it.
And I think that between him and Breer and, and even, even with the tort situation and
letting his opinion be heard, if it's a ridiculous opinion, I'm sure they're both going to collectively
be like, ah, no, we're not going in that direction.
Cause at the end of the day, what does torts have three years left on his deal now?
And the organization has enough money
where if they don't like what they're seeing at a certain point they're going to be okay saying
all right we're ready to part ways with this guy and go in a different direction but i feel like
that i feel like the hire of jonesy will almost like calm torts down where they can work together
and and figure out the direction of the group um to answer your question i guess without being super specific in
terms of what i would do with the flyers they have been the poster boys of being stuck in the middle
of being barely you know they had a couple runs a few you know a while back but they've been never
had the high pick it seems like they got you know nolan patrick that was really tough for him right
that didn't work out and then never making any noise in the playoffs.
I would say, and Jonesy, I'm sure, is well aware,
like, we have to suck.
We have to suck.
We got to be a shitty team that has some prospects
that are learning and maybe playing more minutes
than they would be on a good team.
But overall, their goal next year, suck.
That's how you're going to get good.
That's it. There's no other way
around it now. If they did fire
towards Biz, all they got to do is just raise everybody's
fucking cable bill for the next year. That'll fucking
pay for it. That's all they do anyways. And yeah,
the job, I think a lot of it is delegating and leading.
It's like, you know, making decisions whether they need to
be made. I think it's putting the right people in
position. And dude, Jonesy's a snake
until you make it kind of guy, I think, who
always kind of finds the angle and makes it where he needs to go.
So I think he's going to do a good job as well.
And I hope he has as Al Borganti as his consigliere.
That would be a pretty good call to have Al everywhere he goes on his right hand side.
Those two are like frickin' frack.
They're always hanging out.
Liam McHugh described it the best.
He's like a hockey's version of Forrest Gump.
Like you just hear about all these wild stories.
I think Liam McHugh was saying when the Holyfield got his ear bit by Tyson, hockey's version of Forrest Gump like you just hear about all these wild stories like even I
think Liam McHugh was saying when the Holyfield got his ear bit by Tyson I don't think a couple
days before Jonesy had any idea he was going to the fight but somehow ended up on like Trump's PJ
went down to the flight fight and then Mike Tyson's biting Holyfield's ear off and he just
seems to find himself in these ridiculous crazy situations But I couldn't be happier for the guy
because he's such an amazing person.
We're going to miss him at TNT.
And I was actually hoping that
when I heard that it was him and Edzo,
I'm like, oh, maybe they do like a co-president,
like co-president job
where they're both still involved together
and they get to tackle it together.
But like stepbrothers.
Yeah, like stepbrothers style.
They're up at the treehouse.
Plotting trades.
Before we go any further,
here's a word from our friends
at The Scorebet.
What's up, Canada?
This episode is brought to you
by The Scorebet Sportsbook and Casino.
The Scorebet is the best sportsbook
for the hockey obsessed
with a wide variety of markets
and daily specials from us
here at Spittin' Chicklets. It's got you covered for everything on the ice. So if you're in Ontario
only, download the Scorebet app and create an account today. You can build and follow your bets
directly from the Score Sports app for the best possible experience. With the playoff push coming
on, you don't want to miss anything. And the score bet also has you covered for all your other favorite sports and players.
Plus, there's tons of iCasino games
any day, any time.
That's the score bet. Download
today and see how the best sports
app, period, does sports betting.
Please play responsibly. 19 plus
Ontario only. If you have a problem, call
Connex Ontario at 1-866-
531-2600.
Alright, biz, we're going to move over to the series now.
And Edmonton, they were in danger of falling into a 3-1 hole
against a very stout Vegas squad.
But Stu Skinner, man, played unbelievable.
Answered the bell.
Huge 4-1 game for a victory to tie the series.
We're going to get at least six games out of this one.
Skinner had 25 saves on 26 shots for his fifth postseason win.
Aiden Hill was the starter for Vegas.
Played all right, but not up to stop with Skinner.
Whitdog, what did you see here?
Are you impressed?
Are you confident?
What are your thoughts on Edmonton right now?
Beyond impressed.
And this team has shown a crazy ability to bounce back.
You go back to mid-February.
Besides yours truly turning 40,
you know what else happened?
Or the last thing that happened mid-February?
Or there's lost two games in a row.
That's how good this team is coming off a loss.
They have so much pride.
They have so much belief in their system and that their lineup can get it done
that they don't go down two games in a row.
Skinner had an enormous bounce back effort.
He's been questionable throughout this series.
And the biggest part of the game,
while there's many storylines, but for me,
Vegas came out
hot. They were flying, and they
got an early power play.
It was one of those power plays where they didn't score,
but I was like, oh, no.
That's the draw of a PP. If you're not going to
get a goal, at least create momentum.
They had a ton of chances. Skinner
stood on his head at the beginning of the game, and without that, if Vegas goes up one, nothing there, who knows, right?
You don't understand. You can't get in the minds of these guys. Maybe it's just such a killer goal
that they're not able to bounce back. But Skinner was kicking. He looked great. And then the boys
took over. They played with so much pace and the power play merchants, I call them the power play merchants of death.
So you can mention, yeah, they killed teams on the power play.
Game four was a big-time eye-opening game for fans of the Oilers
and haters of the Oilers that they can beat you five on five too
because they came and they controlled the play.
After that early penalty, they controlled the play the entire time.
I mean, the thing about McDavid that's so special is the plays, the speed, the creativity,
the fact that when he's on the ice, every single guy, and even if it's like subconscious,
they're like, where is he? What's he doing? And that's why Bouchard is able to walk down
and unleash that cannon because any other players around in the net and the high forwards
just like, all right, I got my guy up but with mcdavid you're constantly like i don't know if he's gonna
where i'm supposed to be and so boom he gives a great pass there at home with an absolute cannon
of a goal and echo is the cross check king oh yeah he just army gloves call that boom
but every shift and and and um stones got no L5-S1
left after the one he gave him in front of the net
that was actually Yamamoto I believe
was it really?
the one that should have been a penalty
Yamamoto went down and he
cross-checked Stone and maybe it could have been
called I'm not going to deny that
then he goes
flying up the ice like a bat
out of hell throws a huge hit along the wall.
The puck goes right to Leon who dishes it over to Ekholm for that goal.
Another huge goal.
So all of that combined, the five on five,
getting another power play goal, getting that thing going.
But what was the biggest storyline for me?
It was Nugent Hopkins finding the back of the net.
And I said, I went on Game Notes daily.
I said, he's scoring. Army said, you got on Game Notes Daily. I said, he's scoring.
Army said, you got to call him out because I was mentioning he's got to get one.
You can't have a 100-point guy not have a goal in the second round.
You can't win like that.
And he goes out and talk about a weight off your shoulders,
and it's at home too.
And you saw McDavid.
He was pointing at him.
He was so fired up for him.
Just to know, like, this guy's been here the longest.
I played with him.
That's how long he's been there.
I was fucking horrible.
We were the worst team in the league every year.
He's been on the team that long.
And he finally has this breakout year.
I shouldn't say finally, but has a huge year.
And then his snake bit, snake bit struggle, and he gets that goal.
So I went from kind of panic mode with how dominant Vegas looked in game three
to now I've completely switched over to, like, I think we got this series.
Yeah.
Now the Jekyll and Hyde series.
It really is.
It's really hard to figure out what's happening.
I think I don't think teams are getting comfortable by any means, but the teams who lose, they're just able to find another gear the next night.
And then the team who wins, who wants to get a little momentum going, they can't match it.
So it's like each team's coming out.
And what's funny enough is the Oilers had scored, I think they have the first goal in every game, right?
They do.
Yeah.
So two of the games, it's really kind of lifted them to get going.
And then the other two, they fall apart after.
So we'll see what happens in Vegas.
And we can get into the bullshit after.
But an enormous bounce back effort, a great game by Skinner, who probably isn't getting
enough credit just because of the way, you know, being a rookie, that's tough sledding,
dude.
And he's had some tough moments, but he's also had bounce back games, which is the,
you know, the true sign of mental toughness.
Coming from a non-biased perspective, I felt like the refs ruined the game a little bit
in that first period.
I thought that the slash they ended up giving Theodore
after he took 17 crosschecks to the spleen from Koston,
and then he turns around and gives him a little love bag tap,
and then Koston's fucking rolling around the ice.
It should have been offset.
Both those guys should have been going.
Do you not agree?
I'll ask Merle.
I'm not asking this Homer wit.
Do you not agree that Koston cross-checked Theodore in the spine slash rim?
Yeah, if anything, let it all go or call them both.
Like you said, get it four on four.
But yeah, that's not a power play.
But I was happy.
I had Euler's next goal.
So I was happy.
David Stern calls.
That's what those are. So not only only that and then it ends up in the
back of their net but then also the third goal in which like come on here like Stone got mugged in
front of the net the cross check was so vicious I actually thought it was Ekholm who did it I didn't
know it was Yamamoto so they they got away with two there and then they ended up going back and
Ekholm buries it I felt the game was over once they got that 3-0 lead.
But from an overall standpoint, I felt that Edmonton deserved to win the game.
They played with that pace that they had in game two, right?
That's when they had that big explosion game.
And they came back after the first game where Leon had four.
And we interviewed him on TNT. And McDavid says, when we play with our pace, we're untouchable.
And I felt like they were right back to that after that shitty game in game three.
So that's what Woodcroft mentioned.
He mentioned quite often how much they trust every line.
Like the Fogle line with Derek Ryan and is McLeod on that line as well?
I can't think of it.
He's looked awesome.
He's awesome.
I mean, he screwed Merles.
Merles had him, I think, 100 to win 3,000 to score in the third period. He's awesome. I mean, he screwed Merle's. Merle's had him I think 100 to win
3,000 to score in the third period. He
missed the breakaway. Yeah, he got that little breakaway.
I jump out of my seat 6.45
a.m.
And he does a little flip shot.
Like, ugh.
Merle's goes from the late
games and just immediately walks Lily
to school. And then the teachers are like, hey,
Lily. And he's like like did you see the breakaway
McCloud they're like what the hell is wrong
with this guy he looks like a crackhead
he hasn't slept he's talking about he's muttering
to himself about breakaways missed
he's like lunch line
fuck the lunch line how about the money line I got
hosed on
things did get ugly late
in this game though biz Alex Petrangelo I thought
it was pretty out of character for him Paul Bunyanion chop right on leon's wrist slash forearm uh sent him down
and when you have conor mcdavid like physically accost you and grab you like he didn't fight him
but he grabbed him i don't remember ever seeing him do that before either it was that's a fucking
kind of a dirty move not kind of a dirty move dirty is he gonna get a game two games what do
you think he should get because we're still waiting to see what happens. So it feels like Edmonton has done a good job
of trying to get underneath his skin.
And we go back to the undisciplined penalty
by Evander Kane.
I believe it was at the end of the second period
in game three where he took that run at him
and ended up getting him up.
It was first period.
Gets him up high.
And then you felt through over the course of this game,
maybe they were getting frustrated
based on
some of those calls and the fact that they just couldn't get to their game because edmonton
dominated um i don't know if if petro was was pissed off because he was going for the empty net
up three goals regardless just wires crossed dumb play not a hockey play have to agree with
woodcroft on it saying like well he better get suspended because that's not a hockey play have to agree with woodcroft on it saying like well he better get
suspended because that's not a hockey play and he goes after our top player right now in playoffs
risk i would say because of the the value in this series because it's getting late and it's playoff
hockey i think it comes down to one game no way okay so okay okay now that i nurse if nurse wasn't
suspended if they rescinded it one game i'm fine correct
i'm not getting the same suspension now all of a sudden nurse gets a game for the instigator at
the end of game four so now i'm thinking well you can't compare those two things so i think he might
end up getting two i think he deserves one and the reason i say that is because it doesn't seem
like dry sidles injured in any regard from it.
He might have a bruise on his wrist.
He's totally fine, right?
So he's totally fine.
And he was very adamant.
Actually, Merle, before I say what I want to say, what was your take on Leon being on the ice then?
It was ridiculous.
Why do you have Connor and him on the ice?
You're up 4-1.
You're not up 2-1 or even 3-1.
It's 4-1.
You're trying to go all the way to the Stanley cup finals with a two headed
monster.
They don't one,
they don't need that extra ice time.
And two,
I remember in junior,
you never wanted to be out there in those last couple of minutes.
I used to take my tape off my socks,
make sure the coach would put me out there.
So that was just a bonehead play by the coach,
having them on the ice to begin with up,
up to a little bit more understandable because the game's still within reach but up three at that point and and and maybe that's why petro's
it's kind of like putting that like when you're up four or five goals and you put the top unit out
so all of a sudden the penalty kicker is like oh yeah you want to play this game i'm gonna
fucking run you from behind then it had that tone to it with him going after him because with i don't
feel like anything in the games prior
or even in game four was there a point where leon took a run at petrol right like there was nothing
premeditated there was so leon has given him a little stick work throughout the series he took
a penalty um i believe against him earlier and biz you were 100 right i think it's been a thing
that the team's probably talked about top defenseman over 25 minutes a game go at petrangelo non-stop try to piss him off and i
remember being in camp with him he does have a short wick oh yeah he does snap out there so i
think over over the course of this series he's been sick and tired i'll also completely agree
with you which by the way you call me a homer i'm an oiler once an oil an oiler. But I've been pretty adamant in terms of admitting when they've gotten some
good calls. They've gotten screwed earlier in the playoffs. That was a tough referee game if
you're a Vegas fan. I completely agree that the Oilers were given a couple calls and not given a
few penalties that they probably deserve. So no doubt, I'm in agreement with you on that.
a few penalties that they probably deserve.
So no doubt I'm in agreement with you on that.
My thing with Leon was,
and this is gamemanship and some people may hate it.
And it's so quick in the moment.
It's hard to think about.
He should have grabbed his wrist and like sprinted to the bench and then just gone under the tunnel.
And then the league doesn't know if he's playing next game.
Oh my God.
Hey,
tell me I'm wrong.
Tell me I'm wrong.
You fucking grease balls. And the league, the league would contact Edmonton to find out if he's injured. And my God. Hey, tell me I'm wrong. You fucking grease balls.
And the league would contact Edmonton
to find out if he's injured and they'd be saying,
yeah, he's injured. He's going to try to give it
a goal game five. And all of a sudden
that's adding on a game. That's adding on
a game, no doubt. And when you talk about
not being a hockey play,
that is the most important thing.
I don't remember.
And you guys, maybe something will happen to your mind.
Yeah, I got one.
What?
I was actually at the game.
You want to know a same exact thing that happened?
And it was to another star player.
I was actually at the game.
I'm 99 sure it was with my buddy Cantanucci, the nooch.
It was in 1992 at Madison Square Garden.
Remember it?
Oh, Graves to Lemieux. Adam Graves to Lemieux, our old teammate, our old owner.
And Graves got four games for it.
Was Lemieux hurt, though?
Yeah, but Lemieux, yeah, he had a cast.
He played with a cast, I think, the rest of that playoffs.
I remember him like lifting the cup with a cast on.
Which four games back then is basically like life in prison.
If you go four games in the playoff, then I think you'd get kicked out of the league for life now.
Was it Army who texted the group chat that Dreisaitl
should have went to the press conference and did the Adam Banks?
Can't move your wrist.
Dude, but think of what I'm saying.
If he goes to the room and then the whole question is,
and nobody knows, like, is it broken?
Is he able to play?
Like he probably would have got three or four games.
Well, there's probably Minnesota fans listening to this right now feeling like Faxa did the same thing because in that five-minute major
that ended up getting Foligno kicked out of that game,
very important game in that Dallas series,
Faxa went down the tunnel but then ended up returning.
But by then, it was like, no, he got the five-minute major in the gate.
So it already played a factor for them where i agree with you it where if it's a slimy move but hey that's how
you win that's how you win ball you gotta be a complete slime ball but my thought was and i'm
sure this is probably what petro would say to the league in the hearing. When he wound up, I mean, full on over the head,
like the...
Atlanta Braves?
Like the carnival game when you slam home the thing
to try to get the thing.
Or that's maybe the Indians?
He had the stick over his head.
I thought no doubt he was just breaking his stick.
I thought he was just going to break his stick.
And so maybe that was what he was thinking,
and all of a sudden he gets him in the wrist somehow but you're saying he's going to tell player safety
i was just going to break my stick and it just so happens leon's wrist was in the way no break
leon's stick oh like he was that's what i i'm like there's no way like as the sticks over his
head i'm like he's not slashing him and no he gets him right in the wrist. And I love seeing Conor jump in there.
I mean, you wouldn't expect anything less,
but it just shows how close these guys are.
He also had no idea if his wrist was broken, I'm assuming.
But when you go to what happened with Nurse and Hag,
and Nurse getting that suspension, which, by the way, that's not really,
I guess it is up to the league.
So the rule is if you instigate a fight in the final five minutes,
it's an automatic game suspension and the coach gets fined 10,000.
The league has the ability to look at the tape and rescind it.
After the game, Mark Stone said in the locker room
that Hag had actually asked him to fight off the faceoff.
So having one of their players say that, and then yes,
Nurse went in and dropped the gloves first, but that was a good fight. It wasn't just a good fight, it was an excellent fight. It was a playoff hatred type fight at the end of a game.
You know what? By the letter of the law, that is a one game suspension. They decided not to. Because of nurse, I'm okay with it. And I think we can all agree.
Had been rescinded.
I was a hundred percent fine with one game.
I think it was,
I think one game is fine, but you cannot tell me that you can even those two up.
There's just,
that will be the biggest bunch of bullshit I've ever seen.
Incredible scrap.
I think we can all agree though.
If,
if Petro is out for two games,
I would say that there's no way that Vegas is winning the series
not with the fact that they have a third string goalie in right now or or you could say a second
string because I was just counting the fact that how many they've lost yeah that's another argument
yeah are we gonna see quickie at all yeah I think you gotta go to quick man I think you gotta I
think what you do is you go to Aiden Hill in game five.
And if he's no good, then you go to quick because Aiden Hill was,
he was good in relief in game three.
I don't think that this game was his fault at all.
And I mean, even that Bouchard goal,
it seemed like there was a massive screen in front and it was a laser that
he stepped into.
Same with the Ekholm goal.
That was another laser.
But the Bugues said goal, he was kind of,
I don't know where he was kind of swimming on the right side of the net. Like that's a,
that's a pretty easy wraparound to stop. I would think. So you start the veteran quickie.
I don't hate what you're saying because if they lose, you can go to quickie game six on the road
where he'll just struggled. So I don't, I don't, I don't, don't hate that, but I also wouldn't be
surprised to see you go to a two-time
Stanley Cup champion back home in what feels,
I hate saying must win, but I mean,
you're going back to Edmonton down 3-2.
That series is over.
A couple notes here on Vegas.
It was their first regulation road loss in 15 games.
Pretty impressive stuff.
Biz, I'm not sure if you knew they were the least penalized team
in hockey this season.
No shit.
They're the most penalized in the playoffs right now.
Currently have 201 penalty minutes in nine games, including 134 of their two losses.
This series is averaging 12 penalties per 60 minutes, by far the most in the league.
And although they kept Edmonton to just one goal on six power plays so far, I'm sorry, last night,
Oilers are scoring 15.1 goals per 60 minutes.
Vegas, just 2.3 per 60 on the power play.
That's a giant discrepancy.
So if they keep fucking getting penalties,
they're going to lose the series.
All right.
Did you have the number of penalty minutes
they had in the 82-game season?
I want to say it's like 599, isn't it?
Boom. Bingo. 599.
And they have over 200 already
in how many playoff games?
Nine. You've been spreading that gospel everywhere I look, I hear about. go 599 and they have over 200 already and how many playoff games nine you
you've been spreading that gospel everywhere
I look I hear about I think you're even on
PMT talking about it was on good morning
America they were like
take bits of that with the big nose talking
about Vegas if there's
if there's anything to prove that I'm the
biggest mush on the planet it's the fact
that's that I said it
but going into the series
and they have just been pissed
right up their arsehole
with this fucking
the penalty minute situation.
Jesus Christ.
We're going to send you off on a high note.
We're going to talk about your Leafs.
They found some hope in the Everglades.
They're not done yet.
They come back to core four.
Finally got a couple of goals.
Big deal.
By the way, they went two to one,
went down to the wire.
They're going back to Toronto
for game five.
Joseph Wall.
I don't know if you remember. We talked about this guy
like a month ago. Are we going to see this guy in the playoffs?
He's been pretty good. I don't know. We'll see
what happens, but he was
excellent last night. He was excellent. He
looked so confident, so athletic.
He made some big stops. Before
we get to anything, though, can we talk about
that Gutis hit on camp?
Fucking set them up.
This is straight up belligerent. I want Gutisas that's what joan that's what jonesy
should do get gudas to fill immediately make him the captain what do you think of the hit though
biz i maybe so close to the whistle just playing to the whistle or do you think it was possibly i
couldn't believe that they ended up on the power play at the end of that right i thought that they
were at least going to even it off.
So I was a little bit upset about that.
I thought that I think that he'd already committed to the hit and then the whistle went at the
worst time where he'd already committed.
I was just happy at the fact that camp got back up because I feel like he's been one
of their best forwards.
He is so fast.
He's skating well out there.
And like, he's, he's been contributing obviously in game three, he had a, what do you have?
I think he had a goal or no two assists maybe but either way that fourth line of him and lafferty have been playing excellent for them so i didn't want to see them lose that speed um i thought
going into the game all i wanted to see was a full 60 and i think that that's the best we've
seen toronto look all of playoffs some people are are biting back saying, oh, that was the worst game of playoffs for Florida.
I would agree.
They didn't look like themselves.
They didn't really look like they had that jump.
But from a defensive perspective,
from shot blockings,
from having five guys back in the house,
from getting in lanes,
advancing the puck from zone to zone
and just kind of committing to that overall team game.
I thought they looked their best.
Nylander has looked really good in this series.
The goal,
the goal was obviously a monkey off his back where that couldn't have came at a
more perfect time.
Florida fans are probably bitching at the fact that it went off the referee
and right in the slot.
The ref kicked it to him.
Like,
let's be honest.
I talked to a couple hockey guys
and obviously agreed on the fortuitous balance.
They're saying, though, as Ekblad,
as the net front defenseman,
you shouldn't commit until it gets there.
You should hold that post every time.
That was the one critique they would have had
on the goal overall,
where he was anticipating that puck's going around,
and I get that.
I can't say who I talked
to about it but they say that you need to hold the net front as the defenseman before that actually
gets there but um for Marner to get that insurance goal when he did another guy who needed to get the
monkey off the back was so huge so the fact that part of the core four is activated and they know
how they have to play in order to beat this Florida team.
I am 10 times more confident after watching game four in their game,
going back home to at least force game six.
If wall looks awesome,
the overall team D look great.
They,
they don't,
they got contributions from two of the guys.
Now,
all of a sudden you got to see Tavares.
You got to see Matthews and then continue to see Nylander play the way he's played.
And then hopefully fucking Marner can find his game as well.
Because if all of that starts working, this is one team that they could take advantage of.
I think we can all agree here that Toronto on paper is the superior team.
Can we at least agree on that?
I don't.
I'm sorry.
Just watching Florida and thinking of this being the roster that won the president's trophy without Kachuk.
I'll say even on paper, but this Florida team is so good.
If it wasn't for Bob, they're taking game three.
Or maybe it was game two at home and if it wasn't for in in game four in that second
period there should they should have been up three four nothing at some point so really bob slapping
a little bit of lipstick on a pig where he's elevating the performance of that team or else
what do you got so yeah i'm happy with this i like the leafs going home i think they're going to win
this game wall look great uh i just think the d on florida is better that's why i can't give them a better thing on paper but i i believe in this leafs thing like
we talked about yesterday if they're going to get through this it's going to be like the red
socks beating the red socks curse it's going to be crazy down oh three so i'm actually like really
excited i'm really pulling for them now is i think it's going to be a great thing and
nylander was the best player. He was buzzing all night.
And where did he score his goal from finally?
Blue paint,
blue paint,
go down to the mixer and look what happened.
I want to shout out Reinhardt too.
He was flying yesterday.
He was buzzing around and he got a goal in the mixer as well too.
So he looked great,
but I'm a leaf.
I'm a leaf again.
What a great all around player.
Sam Reinhardt is.
I mean, you see it even more in playoffs, just so good defensively, way more skilled than he
gets credit for. And there's a great article on The Athletic about Joseph Wall. And I guess
meditation has really led him to find another level playing professionally. He does it for,
I think, close to like an hour a day, it mentioned. If not half hour a day,
all about focusing.
He has different types of meditation.
And for a goalie, right?
I mean, it's hard to step into games
and he did so well down the stretch.
That was the first professional
playoff game he's ever started.
And to just chuck him in
in a must-win game,
you got to imagine
that his off-ice work
on his brain
and his mental toughness
no doubt had something to do with that
because once Florida
made it 2-1, you knew they were coming.
You knew that it was going to be just try to hold
onto this for Toronto, and because of
him and a lot of blocked shots, he was able
to. The thing is, like, alright, yeah,
Toronto, they blocked, I think, 21 shots
or something like that.
It's like, why aren't you doing, why aren't you blocking shots every game?
That's what you're supposed to do every game, guys.
It took them to have their entire organization fired and traded
to decide to start really laying it on the line.
But the fact that they're going home,
the only thing that really could make this worse
is if they somehow go home and lose in a stinker.
Because then you're like, oh, Jesus, and lose in a stinker. Because then you're
like, oh, Jesus, I wish we lost down there. Because now you're in front of your fans.
You better hope that you have a good performance. But I'm with you. I think they forced a game six.
Wait, you mentioned Sam Reinhardt there. And I heard an interesting quote from Paul
Maurice the other day, just talking about how he is one of the smartest hockey players that
he's ever coached. His hockey IQ is off the charts and he's always teaching his teammates.
Like when he's sitting on the bench,
he's always talking to everyone on the bench
and trying to help them
and try to better their game.
So I just thought that's a pretty interesting thing
coming from Maurice about Reinhardt.
How about Kachuk though?
No goals in the series.
And we mentioned with his physicality,
you remember some of the hits
he took in the first round?
I don't know if he's playing banged up,
but if the Leafs do have any chance,
you know, he has,
I'm not going to say slowed down a little bit
because he's got some nice assists,
but the goal scoring isn't there.
He blocked the shot with his hand
at some point too.
I wonder how much of a factor
that's playing as well.
Like these guys are,
these guys have been playing
playoff hockey for two months now.
So their bodies are pretty banged up.
That's another reason why I don't mind the Leafs coming back what was your opinion on marner just
taking those punches i tweeted out it reminded me of sadin when it was just a punching bag from
marchand in the finals like don't you want to see marner just go right back out and the game's over
the game is the buzzer had already went off and that's a former teammate just drilling them over
and over yeah do do i want a
player like like nathan mckinnon who's who's a snap show and who sees red and who has that much
compete but it's it's it's not his it's not his identity it's not who he is you know he's he's
disciplined in those types of situations and you know doesn't really want that type of physicality
now was it you said it was kachuk doing it who was who was bennett plowing
down uh under the pile there oh who was that that was kind of gutless too it seemed like his arms
were being held back or bennett bennett's just been a menace this series they gotta they gotta
pull take him in in the hannibal lecter uh the crate when they bring him in with the face mask on
yeah and mana wouldn't drop the f-bomb after he said i know exactly what he's gonna try to do the crate when they bring him in with the face mask on. Yeah. And mine,
I wouldn't drop the F bomb after he said,
I know exactly what he's going to try to do talking about the Chuck.
So just stay composed.
I don't really give a flying,
you know what the next word is like,
just drop an F bomb,
buddy.
Just let it,
but he's a great example for the kids.
Yeah.
We're not.
It's a great example.
Could you not love them?
We got to talk about your X factor.
Luke Shen,
man turned out to be one of the
great uh deadline deals he's been a top four failure shutdown role the only defenseman still
playing who has a better who's been on for fuel goals against per 60 minutes jacob slavin so
that's how good chen's playing right now he also injured the goalie though we can't well which
brought us wall who's gonna end up winning four straight and bringing us out of the second round
keep the change i got pulled over but um physical presence he won't back down from anyone and as
we've mentioned before on the podcast like he he's improved his puck skills a lot because he's worked
with adam oats so these little you know he keeps it pretty simple but these little breakout passes
and these little dink plays that you have to make constantly under pressure he's great at them that's why i was okay with him going against the kachuk line where i'm like not only can
he play with the puck but he ain't going to be scared at those guys for checking on him if
anything he's inviting the contact so overall i mean i'm so happy i brought in these x factors i
know that you guys were giving me shit because it added an extra 17 minutes to the last podcast
when we're doing the the playoff previews for the second
round. But hey, most of my
guys have been the X factor to who else
that I have in their marchment. I think that
he's looked great, which he's
out though. Now
you mushed him. Well, I think
he's he's been he was solid when he was in. He was
fucking laying down the body.
What did you guys think of
the camera angle that ESPN used?
I texted the group chat right away.
What the hell are they doing?
I feel like I'm all the way up in the press box again.
It's either too close.
I mean, I guess what I was reading online was that they were getting complaints from viewers
in terms of the camera being too close in Florida.
Well, they ended up going so far up that at the beginning,
it was like watching game tape
that only like the coaching staff has.
And I was just, I was,
I'd rather have it up close where it was.
I know it's a little bit closer,
but the way they moved it all back,
it was super frustrating.
It makes it seem slower
and not as engaging with the fans
because the volume in some cases,
it feels like it's dead in the rink.
Boys, I got to get going here to the studio.
I got two big games tonight with the Devils hurricanes kraken and stars only two things i wanted to say
about uh about those games uh they gotta start schmidt i don't know if we've already mentioned
that earlier in the podcast he needs to be the starter in there if they have any chance of
winning at home or in carolina which is nearly impossible these days. Jordan Martinuk and what he's done
going from being on waivers
to now having nine points in these playoffs.
He had a goal and two assists last game.
Nine points in this series.
Yeah.
He had no points in the first round.
Okay.
I thought maybe he had a couple.
Holy shit.
So that's been a huge elevation for them
in the offense department
where we all know
they lost three of their top scorers and then um what was the other uh note oh getting Haskin in
back what he played 30 minutes last game had an assist he's he's a fuck it he's the best defenseman
still left in playoffs and a stud and with the fact that they were able to get him back man who
knows what's going to happen in that series so So how do you guys feel about devil's hurricanes?
You think that's ending and then cracking stars and then I'm out of here.
So.
Are going to canes at home.
How do you go against them at home?
Devils are,
are the devils.
Even we had Pasha on today and he,
he knows everything's changed.
Everything's changed.
Whereas his voice was just,
he's a dead dog walking.
And you know what he's walking you know what he's
blaming Biz
is that he's at
your apartment
he's blaming being
in your chair
he's like everything's
been fucking ruined
he's like at the
business place
he went from
Manhattan to
hanging out at my
crib with all the
mush gods
that's what that
Buddha head is
the mush god
that's what it's
gotta be
it's gotta be
so
Biz before you go we do have some
breaking news.
This better be two games. No, no, no.
According to ESPN,
Ryan Reynolds is
out in the bid
to own the NHL Ottawa
Senators. Wow.
He's out of the group. His group is
out. Wow. You know what I think's
going to happen then? I think Kimmel, the Kimmel group is going to get it.
And that's group that no,
that's with Abel with the weekend,
the weekend Kimmel,
Kimmel and his,
his family.
They own the penguins,
as we mentioned last podcast,
and they have experience.
They ended up flipping it and selling it to,
to the,
to the Boston group there or whatever you want to call it.
The red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
the red,
sports group.
So I, I think that the Kimmel's and, and the Boston group there or whatever you want to call it, the Red Sox group, Fenway sports group. So I,
I think that the Kimmel's and,
and the weekend are going to be now owners of the Ottawa senators.
That's my prediction.
Maybe in a last ditch effort,
I've reached out to his manager,
Snoop's manager.
We're hoping to get him on for 15 minutes to plead his case as to why the
NHL and their fans should get behind Snoop owning the team.
So maybe we can get a little rivalry
going mixed up. Can he shotgun
some weed through the Zoom?
They just finally want
a good music performer
for the All-Star game. Let's just give it
to the weekend because every year we have
like fucking Smash Mouth playing
our All-Star game. Oh yeah, did you not see him at the
Super Bowl doing that like, oh, where am I
going? Where am I? That video?
Anyway, I'm out of here, boys.
Wish me luck.
Love you guys.
That's dead, buddy.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a word from our friends at GameTime.
GameTime is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
Created by fans for fans, GameTime is the ticketing app
that makes it easier than ever to score last-minute deals
on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows, and they is the ticketed app that makes it easier than ever to score last-minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts,
and shows, and they guarantee
the lowest price. I don't know if you
heard, but Guns N' Roses coming to Fenway this
summer, gotta be all over that, gotta go see my guy
Slash rip up the guitar, and you know,
if you want to go to Fenway for a Red Sox game, GameTime
got you there as well. Wherever you
want to go, GameTime has your tickets, boom,
it's so easy to use, it's possible
with the GameTime app. The biggest last
minute price drops can be found on
the seats you thought you could never buy.
The purchase process takes just two
taps and 10 seconds. And once
you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone.
No printer needed. The app
also allows you to easily share
tickets with friends via text
so you can get to the game seamlessly.
Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment.
Download the GameTime app or go to the website,
enter your email, and redeem the code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
All right, Woody, before we get to tonight's games,
the pee-pee whack for Alex Petrangelo came down the pike.
It was announced he won't be playing in Game 5
for his slash on Leon Dreisaitl's arm late in Game 4,
but that's it.
It's just a one game sussy.
And we already mentioned Donnell Nurse's one game sussy for the late instigator penalty.
This is from Sportsnet Stats.
During the regular season, there were two instigator penalties in the final five minutes of the third period.
Neither resulted in a suspension.
Donnell's getting a suspension.
Petrangelo's getting the same game.
This doesn't feel too right.
I know you tweeted about it already, but it's official, so
let's elaborate. I'm shocked, appalled.
I'm disgusted. I don't know
why those
two suspensions match each other. And when you
talk about the instigators that got rescinded in the
regular season, do you
even think one of those, the guy actually asked
the other guy to fight off the faceoff 20
seconds earlier? No shot. And if
you just wanted to keep that one game suspension, give Petro another game.
It's not right.
I've never seen this many people agree on something.
Is anyone out there besides like huge Vegas fans like agreeing with this decision?
It doesn't seem like it online.
I know you play people in hockey world.
I know Dallas Egan said he liked the decision.
I think BXO was giving him a hard time for it on Sportsnet
or whatever network going up in Canada.
But yeah, it just doesn't match up.
I know one's a set rule.
You have to do it if it happens.
And the other one's a little bit more subjective.
And I think it was Down Goes Brown who mentioned,
well, they gave him a major, which means, you know,
an injury or somebody was trying to hurt somebody,
but there was no intent to injure it.
It just contradicts itself as far as what Petrangelo did, but
I guess in the long run, it evens
off. Each team is losing a pretty significant
defenseman, so I don't think
Petrangelo's obviously better than Nurse
probably, but I don't think... But the crimes aren't even.
That's the issue. You know what I mean?
The suspensions are even, but the crimes aren't.
I guess I'm going to go into
what they were thinking.
They're going to keep...
All right, so they're not going to rescind the major,
which I don't...
Or the instigator.
I don't agree with that.
But if they're not going to get rid of that,
then they look at it and probably say,
all right, well, that is a one-game suspension.
I think it is a one-game suspension.
And they are like, all right, well, this evens it out.
We're giving him a suspension. We're not going to rescind this one. It's 2 are like, all right, well this evens it out. We're giving him a suspension.
We're not going to rescind this one.
It's two,
two,
right?
It's,
it's a close series,
but if that is the decision or what went into the decision,
I just don't agree with it because it's just what your eyes see.
It's the eye test.
He,
William Wallace,
his wrist,
like screaming freedom or screaming.
I don't know what Adam it was just.
It doesn't make sense.
You look at it.
You see two guys fight.
Yes.
Nurse went in there.
They'd already talked about it.
The captain of the Golden Knights said after the game, he was the one who said that he'd already asked him to go.
And then you see, you know, the Freedom Chop.
It was like last of the Mohicans.
William Wallace called 50, man.
50.
50.
That movie for me.
I think I still to this day say it's my favorite movie, which people have then chirped me and said, like, Braveheart's not even a good movie.
I'm like, what are you?
What planet are you from yeah what are you
smoking I mean Mel Gibson's say what
you will about him but he's directed a couple of
doozies you ever see Apocalypto wit
uh no I have not
how about in
Braveheart because you know he goes with the
French girl right and the French girl
was she was going to be queen
is that correct
I'm not sure the lineage but yeah she was going to be queen. Is that correct? I'm not sure the lineage,
but yeah, she was going to be something.
This is so old school chicklets.
I just can't help but smile right now.
Mid-hockey conversation
just diverging off into movies.
I love it.
Yeah.
Biz has his perm going
and there's no tie look on TNT.
We're back in the basement.
But finishing Braveheart,
when she goes and tells the old king,
his blood lives inside me, but he can't say anything
he's like oh he would be screaming
cut her head off but he can't even
talk in the end I
just I disagree with it
I think one
and rescind the instigator was
the perfect decision
and it sucks but you know what
it is a way bigger loss for Vegas way bigger Gator was the perfect decision and it sucks. But you know what? It is
a way bigger loss for Vegas. Way
bigger. And if they can go in and get it done,
then Nurse comes
back, Petro comes back,
but they're at home.
I still love the Oilers position.
And Biz, fuck him.
You know what?
That idiot is on the podcast.
Grinnell, tell me if I'm wrong.
When we recorded earlier before the Dallas and the Carolina games,
he agreed with me on that, no?
Yeah, he did.
Okay.
And then on Twitter, he sends me the I'm crying face
when I said I was disgusted with the decision.
Either he's really, really dumb,
or he knows exactly how to get under my skin,
or he is both.
He's an entertainer. At the end of the day, he's an entertainer.
The clown at the circus is an
entertainer as well.
Dumb as a fox.
A lot of people saying to the league, took the easy
way out, which, you know, yeah, you could probably certainly
make that argument, but I don't know.
What's done is done. I mean, teams are going to move on,
take the next game, and nothing you can do about it now.
Can't cry with spilled milk.
Meanwhile, down in Raleigh,
Game 5 of Jersey Carolina. Very tight,
very tense affair. Went to OT. Finally, we got
a fucking game in this series. What,
four blowouts. The game was going to
end with either handshakes or flights to Newark.
And, man, you hate to see games end this
way. A penalty. Jonas Siegenthal,
a puck over glass. Five minutes in.
And I think a lot of people, other than Canes fans,
are probably like, don't let the game end here, man.
The penalty's been around
for 15, 16 years, but you don't want
to see a fucking series end on it.
Lo and behold, Jesper Fast,
7-0-9'd in. He got the OTPP
GWG.
Series over. Good night, Irene.
Jersey's done. Carolina moves on.
You got to give Hulk Mark with Rodney fucking Brindle
what he's doing with his team.
He lost all those guys and they're marching on
like they're not missing anybody right now.
It's amazing.
I'm done doubting them.
It's over.
And I actually love going down there.
If they went to the cup final, I'd be pumped.
Get us back to teats.
What an atmosphere.
I remember telling Justin Williams, we played golf the day before
the sandbagger. And I
said, dude, it's pretty good living down here.
He's like, it's an amazing place to live.
It's just so
Carolina. Congratulations.
Yeah. Jordan
Stahl, guys. That's
just he's not really slowed down
at all. Like he's just a straight straight up slowed down at all. He's just a straight
up shutdown center.
When he was on the ice,
not flashy RA. Like I said, one of
the episodes doesn't look like he's super
fast, but he's
rarely getting outskated.
He's so big.
Great instincts. Good stick.
So against Jack
Hughes, when they were able to get the matchups at home,
he had nothing.
Jersey played well.
It was the first I read.
It was the first quality start
they got from a goalie this series.
So deepest.
When you look back on it,
you don't get goaltending in the playoffs.
You're not going to be able to win.
That's a team who's going to get good.
I think the Devils,
I think you're looking at
a little five to seven year run in terms of them being in the hunt every year. Tough to be
upset if you're a Devils fan right now with the way the future's looking. Exactly. Maybe that
makes me an optimist, but if I'm a Devils fan, I know guys, swear to God, I just said that.
You're changing on us, Whit. I know. I don't know what happened. I had kids, or my wife gave birth, but I'm a dad.
You beat your crosstown rival.
You pound them after being down 0-2.
Amazing comeback.
Just to get through the first round, so tough now.
Get to the second round.
You get against a, I'm not going to say a championship team,
but they're consistently in the hunt.
They were in the Eastern Conference Finals in 2019,
and you ran into a buzzsaw.
And better times ahead, and Carolina's moving on.
Carolina, Florida, now clown boy over on TNT,
Biz Nasty, he thinks the Leafs are going to win the series.
Truthfully, he does in his brain,
which I respect the hell out of,
but I don't think it's going to happen.
I'm betting against it.
The juice is heavy, R.A.
I haven't even looked.
I'm locked in on the future.
But yeah, hope can be a dangerous thing for the team up 3-1.
If Florida is able to not have this collapse,
that Easter Conference final would be awesome.
Florida, Carolina.
That would be great hockey.
We might all seven just go back and forth between probably and sunrise.
Yeah, I can't.
My body's screaming at you right now.
Do the Florida Panthers, this kind of just hit me,
and I could be a complete idiot for saying this,
but do the Florida Panthers remind you of the 2019 St. Louis Blues at all?
I mean, they're bullying their way to the cup final.
They kind of sneaked in the playoffs.
They don't have like, I mean, Kachuk's a major name.
But other than that, I mean, Barkov, obviously.
But I mean, I feel like the two teams are kind of comparable here.
I don't hate it.
Yeah.
I don't hate it at all.
That's legit.
Yeah.
That is, in terms of the bullying aspect and playing hard hockey,
that's a great analogy, actually.
So I would sneak in as well.
Yeah, that was. great analogy actually. I guess
a rookie goalie in Bennington
versus Bob who's proven
that he's an elite player,
elite goalie in the league.
That's a great call, but Florida,
Carolina will be very fun if Florida finishes
him off. The missed chances. I don't
know if I've ever witnessed wide
open nets be straight up shanked
and fast had it.
And Myers was even worse.
Now, Meyer ends up getting a goal.
But I think, I don't know if that was prior, but either way, fast ends up.
You're thinking about that thing all night, that missed open net if you lose that game.
And instead, he gets the winner, the hockey gods.
And they never stop coming at you.
And Martinuk talked about him.
I think Stahl did an interview,
said he's been their best player in the playoffs.
Even without the points in the first round,
he was awesome.
And yeah, you can only...
You can talk about every single guy.
Slavin is a beast.
A guy you can't...
Nobody can get around him.
Guys, in terms of the Devils,
like what happened to Jesper Bratt?
Like where, where did he go?
Why was he so bad?
Like what were you guys seeing out of him?
He kept hearing Biz say his name
so he had to go to therapy.
It was that,
it was that doll Pasha made.
That, that, that creepy doll.
Cause Pasha was probably
sticking pin cushions in it too
when he wasn't scoring.
You know that, that, he's a sicko. He said he was. He he wasn't scoring. You know that. He's a sicko.
He said he was. He actually said he was
doing that. Yeah, he's a sicko.
When you're undersized, it's harder in
the playoffs. It's a harder game. The game is
made now for guys
they don't have to be huge.
You see it all around the league.
The game is also completely different in the playoffs.
I think last episode we said
I don't ever remember the difference being this
to this degree.
It's rougher. It's harder.
He's super quick, but at times
I saw him getting out-muscled. Tonight,
I don't remember who just totally
kind of rode him into the boards, finished him off,
took the puck. I was surprised. Jack
Hughes, explain to me how
he plays 14 minutes tonight.
I hadn't looked at the box.
Holy shit.
That's 14 minutes.
And Jordan Stahl played nine seconds more than him.
So I basically look at it like Brindamore's like, well, if he's not out there, he doesn't need to be out there.
I don't know if I'm wrong on that, but it makes sense.
But it does not make sense.
Jack Hughes not playing 20 minutes tonight.
Unless he got injured.
Yeah, I mean, what would Lindy's logic be there?
I mean, you don't fucking bench a guy in a must win.
You don't make an example out of him at this time of year, you know?
I'd be shocked if that's what it was.
Something could have happened.
But how about Burns' shot to tie it up late in the second?
And he has that wrist shot from the point.
He just drags it in.
It's heavy.
That thing's probably 90 miles an hour,
high 80s minimum,
and it's a snapshot and a little bit of a screen,
and I think it might have actually been deflected,
but Carolina Hurricanes,
they don't stop coming at you.
The fans are insane.
They just got a great vibe down there,
and when you mentioned the puck over the glass,
it was like I had a flashback in time. The year Carolina won the cup, they played Buffalo in the
Eastern Conference Finals. Buffalo was loaded that year. Buffalo's defense, they had a ton
of injuries. I think four of the five guys went down.
I think Brian Campbell was still playing.
I could, my details are probably a little bit off here,
but in game seven in Carolina, one of the Buffalo guys flipped it over the glass
and they scored a power play goal.
Wait, I actually have the exact stat here.
You want me to read it?
Was this a tweet?
Yeah, Jeff Merrick posted it.
He said, a note from our great hockey night in Canada.
I didn't even see his tweet.
No joke.
He goes, the puck over the glass penalty that Lindy was referring to was game seven, June 1st, 2006.
Brian Campbell got the penalty in a 2-2 game, and the winner was then scored by Rod the Bod, Rod Brandon Moore.
Wow.
So Lindy brought it up.
I just, I thought of that when you said that.
Because I remember Merles and I were just talking about it.
Buffalo, I think, could have beat them.
Definitely could have beat them. Went game seven.
They had no D.
They lost everyone. And that year
they were loaded. So,
a flashback in time. Carolina got it
done that year. Let's see if it happens again.
Absolutely. And G, to answer your question
about where was Jesper
Bratt, I think it's a case
of a guy in the playoffs. Sometimes guys
just got to skin their knee a little bit and learn
what the playoffs are all about. I'm thinking like Matt Boldy
in Minnesota this year. Great year. He had 31 goals
and he had a rough playoffs. I think
teams have to go through the ringer a little bit
to learn how to win. I think players have to go through
that playoff ringer to realize, all right, this is a different game
and I got to bring
a little bit more here.
But, you know, Jersey fans,
you had a great year.
You know, Jack blossomed
into a true superstar.
Nico, he's one of the best
two-way centers in the game
right now, would I say.
Career highs and goals,
points assist.
Dawson Marissa had a great series,
seven points in 12 games
in his first postseason.
So, you know,
if you're a Devils fan,
things are looking up.
Fitzy's got you in a good spot.
So as for Carolina, they're going to wait
for the winner of Florida-Toronto. Like we said,
this is their second Eastern Conference
Finals appearance in the last five seasons. So,
can't wait to see who they play. Hopefully, Florida
and we'll get down south. And I actually
originally thought maybe they're saying
or I would think they're saying,
please go seven. Just keep playing. Beat the
shit out of each other, whoever wins.
But maybe the way they're going right now,
obviously you'll take three, four days, no doubt,
but you might think of the momentum
and how you're feeling and be like, I'll play again.
So who would have home ice between Toronto and Carolina?
Carolina won the division, so it would be Carolina.
Is it points or is it if you win the division?
I think if you're second in division of more points,
you'd have home ice.
Yeah, because they do.
Yeah, you got to fight your way out of the division.
That's it would be.
It would be Carolina.
Anyways, Carolina finished the season with 113 points
and Toronto finished with 111.
So they're chilling at home.
They don't have to travel anywhere.
Life is good tonight.
Tonight's a night back in 2008.
Maybe it's different.
You're having a ton of beers. You're having a fun night together
with the boys. And you're still thinking we
got a chance at the Stanley Cup. When we went
on the run to the finals in Pittsburgh,
I think we won in four,
five, and five.
And every single time
we had a night and a half.
Diesel.
Those are the best memories, for sure.
I feel like on cup winning teams, you always hear that.
You always hear that they go out after their wins
and they really enjoy the wins.
If you know you have time, I can't imagine how you don't.
The next day, you're in there getting treatment,
a little sweat.
They probably won't get on the ice tomorrow.
Just get in there.
It's just, oh, that's living.
It's nice out. The weather's good. It's just, oh, that's living. It's nice out.
The weather's good.
It's always nice down there, I guess, in Raleigh.
But you're living it, so good for them.
Wait, do you think a long layoff can get a team out of rhythm a little bit?
I know that most, they generally play every other night.
Sometimes there's two days in there.
But do you think teams sort of get in a rhythm,
and by being off for maybe six, eight days,
that could kind of throw them off a bit?
No doubt.
And you can get back into the rhythm.
But right when game one starts, it's yeah, you've had enough.
Your muscle memory of just you play, you end up falling asleep late.
The next day you go in, maybe you skate.
Probably you don't as you're moving on, depending on injuries.
And boom, you're right back in bed and then you wake up and it's game day.
So you're just it's very not monotonous.
Methodical?
Methodical, yeah.
It just becomes like such second nature.
Like a routine.
Yeah, and then you get the four or five days off, which feels good.
But to get back into it, it can sometimes take a little time.
But the fact they're at home game one against whoever they play,
the place will be rocking so much, they'll just be buzzing again.
Absolutely, no doubt.
Did you guys see the Carolina tweet,
the cameo tweet they put together right after the game?
Did you see that, Whit?
It's incredible.
That was first class.
That's a hell...
Whoever thought of that,
they're probably going to be getting hired somewhere else
at some point running something big because that's funny.
I didn't even recognize some of the actors.
And actually, you can explain what was up.
Yeah, explain it, R.A.
Sorry, R.A. No, that's all right, buddy. Carolina Hurricanes, they must have done this, I didn't even recognize some of the actors. And actually, you can explain what it was. Yeah, explain it, R.A.
Carolina Hurricanes,
they must have done this, I don't know, days or weeks ago.
All these actors in New Jersey that have cameos, they hired them to say the words.
And you have one of these, don't you, G?
A cameo or something similar to that?
I used to, yeah. I used to do it, I think, too.
Yeah, but you're basically kind of just
reading the words off. You're not reading it like
a book, paying attention. So they sent them out to all these jersey actors uh one
of those goofballs from the real housewives johnny sack from the sopranos and they were
reading all the stuff about carolina like you could tell they were just reading it you know
for the dough and they spliced it all together like and there's like minute long video uh i don't
even know if it's trolling because they won the series but it's absolutely brilliant just whoever
runs their social media you know fucking little clap little hat off them it was yeah i shouldn't even
have said trolling because even the even new jersey i mean you have to laugh at that yeah
absolutely the one the one actor johnny sax right from sopranos yeah he was just straight up looking
down reading something and then looking up saying a line looking down reading something and then looking up, saying a line, looking down, reading something. The other guys were, I feel
like, a little more energetic.
A little more animated, yeah.
Animated, yeah. Doing it for the paycheck.
Okay, meanwhile, down in Dallas,
the Stars built a three-nut lead on goals
from Wyatt Johnston, Rupe Hintz, and Joel
Pavelski. Of course, Seattle does what they do.
They clawed their way back into it, made it a 3-2
game, headed into the third, but Dallas
was able to finish them off.
It feels like they kind of have the series by the balls right now.
Audra had that one bad game.
He's been outstanding since.
Do you think Seattle forces a seventh game here, Whit?
So I hope not.
And the reason I say that is because after we interviewed Barkley, went to the airport,
I was in the Delta Lounge for a while.
I was having wine.
I felt great.
Then I got on the flight.
I kept having wine. Then I got
home in a great mood after
the Barclay interview, and I'm
watching hockey. I put a monster wager
on Dallas to win the series 4-2.
So they won game four
when we got home.
And then, I don't know why, I saw some
pretty good odds. And now, I'm
like, oh my god, this bet's alive.
They just got to win a
road game. I will say that game kind of, it looked like they were just a better team. And I know the
first period Seattle outshot them pretty big, but Lundquist, even on TNT said none of them were
great chances. They were all like from the outside, Ottinger looked dialed in. So they did get Jason
Robertson going and going into the game, Luke Glendening,
Radek Faska, Esa Lindell, Colin Miller, Joel Hanley, and Jason Robertson were the only players
on Dallas with one five on five point. After the season he had and the player he is, it's like,
all right, you can win, you can win a round or two, but if a guy like that, that's that important,
isn't playing well, you don't really have a chance of winning the cup, in my mind.
He had three even strength points tonight.
So for them to look that good and to get it home,
and now that's two in a row
where they've beat them up pretty good,
and then they're going back,
I think they can close it out.
Seattle's going to give them all they can handle,
but I think Dallas is able to close it out.
Dallas is a hell of a team.
The guy I wanted to talk about too
is Wyatt Johnston.
I was texting.
You guys remember Taylor Chorney, former NHL-er?
Yes, I remember.
Yes.
Played in Edmonton, Washington.
So we were buddies playing together in Edmonton.
We've stayed in touch.
And he goes, have you seen Wyatt Johnston's junior career on HockeyDB?
I'm like, nope.
He played 2019, 2020 in Windsor.
He played 53 games, had 30 points in the OHL.
So I imagine that he was 17.
COVID year happens.
He doesn't play anywhere.
I'm sure he was on the ice.
I'm guessing he was on the ice,
but there's no stats for him playing anything.
He comes back last year to his second full OHL year
after a year off gets 124 points
30 to 124 points with a year in the middle yes but no games then he goes into the nhl as 18 year
old and 19 year old he had 24 goals this year i think we're looking at a future absolute stud i
was gonna say superstar.
I don't know about that.
I think if he's this young, this good after the jump he's made,
shout out to Chorins for showing me this.
There's obviously a crazy trending direction.
So they have the famous first round draft with Ottinger, Heskinen, and Robertson.
Now they got this kid who's already playing, drafted this past year.
Dallas is a force to be reckoned with, and they're not going anywhere either. So Rupe hints, that guy continues
to impress. He gets skating. He's got the Madonna jersey flapping in the back, flying down the ice.
He had two tonight. Pavelski just continues to defeat time. Even when guys have him lined up, he'll
just spin right off. He's just so silky out there. And Heskinen, like we said, he came back last
game. He's still got the bubble on buzzing around Dallas. If Edmonton is able to beat Vegas and
even if Vegas goes on to win, Dallas is going to be really hard to beat. And I know this series isn't even over, but
I consider them
a lock in quotations. And now
that I've said this, this clip could be used
to really crush me if Seattle comes back.
But I think they lock
this one down and close it out. Remember like 20
years ago, it seemed like Edmonton and Dallas played each other
every single year in the playoffs. Remember that?
Yeah, it was like every year. Oh, by the way,
you mentioned that Wyatt Johnson. We ought to wish him a happy birthday. He's going to be it was like every year. Oh, by the way, you mentioned that Wyatt Johnston.
We ought to wish him a happy birthday.
He's going to be 20 years old this Sunday.
So I'm just looking up his stats here.
20 years old.
Unbelievable what this kid's doing.
I said 18.
Yeah, he's 19 right now.
So you weren't too far off.
So in Seattle, man, like you can't count these guys out.
But Grubauer, he's kind of falling off a bit.
I don't know if they cracked the code on the last few games here with,
but I mean, this team does not quit.
And I don't know about pulling your goalie when you're down games they went, but I mean, this team does not quit. And I don't know about
pulling your goalie when you're down two at four minutes
left. That's, I think, too risky.
I'm a riverboat gambler, but I don't know if I'd pull my goalie
that early.
Down two.
I don't know. Down two goals.
Probably under three minutes,
maybe, but four minutes, just that extra minute
just seems like too much.
I've seen that way more often now. Maybe that's an analytical thing, but four minutes, just that extra minute just seems like too much. I've seen that way
more often now. Maybe that's an analytical
thing, but I'd
be cool with 3.30. I guess
four minutes is tough, but if you don't have anything
going and you're not really getting that many chances,
you're like,
if we need two, I mean,
we have
to give ourselves time to at least get the first
one and you're risking the fact that we're dead anyways,
if they end up getting the empty netter.
It seemed to happen like nightly this season.
It happened all the time.
I don't think we've really seen it.
Of course, Florida did the Boston game seven.
But other than that, I don't know that too many teams have tied it up
and then won it in overtime.
But it happened on like almost every other nightly basis
during the season this year.
But either way, we'll see.
Game six for those two was Saturday.
And if Seattle does end up losing,
I mean, Seattle fans, kind of same situation as Devils fans.
The future is bright.
This season was a success.
I don't know their contract situations.
I know Gord's there for a while.
I mean, that's there for a while.
I mean, that's their guy flying around out there.
I don't know Eberle's deal, but he looks awesome.
Larson, I mentioned him.
He looked great again tonight.
He flies around big body.
You're right, and they beat the Cup champs.
I don't know if you just said that.
Sorry, but it's exactly the same scenario.
I would say looking at it,
I consider Jersey ceiling a little higher in the next few years.
But still, yeah, Seattle,
what a bounce back second year.
And by the way, we're legit talking
like the series ended tonight.
Sam in Seattle is snapping.
No, that's Sammy in Spokane.
A couple other notes here.
And I like latte with goat milk.
Timmy from Tacoma.
Congratulations to Nationals Mark Borowitzki,
who announced his retirement on Instagram last week.
The hot-nosed defenseman was drafted by his hometown Senators,
where he spent nine years,
then he finished up in Nashville for the last three.
By all accounts, this guy, a beloved teammate,
and by all accounts, a damn fine person, a great human being.
Do you know, Borrow, at all?
I don't.
I knew playing.
I'm pretty sure I played against him.
Look that one up.
He was a terror to play against.
You never know.
Like, I guess, like, goodest a little bit, right?
Do they remind you of each other?
Just very menacing look on his face with the no teeth
and just kind of looks like, I don't want to fuck this. Like, if I saw him in a bar, I'd go the other way with, like Just very menacing look on his face with the no teeth and just kind of looks like,
I don't want to fuck this.
Like if I saw him in a bar,
I'd go the other way with like that medicine look he has,
but a great career.
Congrats,
borrow happy retirement from the chicklets game.
I hope,
hopefully you enjoy it.
Uh, we got some shitty news out of Denver,
uh,
abs captain Gabriel Landerscog.
He underwent a cartilage transplant,
his right knee.
Uh,
he's expected to miss the entirety of next season.
So,
uh,
just brutal
moves because he just missed the last season he's a great guy and you hate to hear any injuries of
course but to miss one season then have to get this done how like how much of an emotional toll
does this take on a guy when i know you've had some injuries yourself it's uh it's it's tough
to deal with but i saw a picture he posted today at the leg up. I don't know if he was on a train or something, but like big thumbs up.
It's just so hard to miss a year.
I mean, I missed not a full hockey season,
but I was like laid up for that long,
I feel like in terms of skating.
And it's just so difficult when you get back
and he's got another year now.
So it's just, you just really feel bad for him,
especially because after they got that cup,
it was like, all right, I think they him, especially because after they got that cup, it was like,
all right,
I think they're set up.
Like they can win another,
they can win three of these things.
And I know it sounds crazy,
but they're that stacked.
And he's just such an important part of it.
Playoff hockey,
Gabriel Landis,
scogger hand in hand,
just a warrior out there.
So that,
that that's going to be tough.
I actually,
Mark,
my thought had tweeted out.
Army said this on
Game Notes Daily, that he had the same surgery and he was never able to get back to the NHL level
of skating again. So let's hope that's not the case. But you know, he'll give everything he's
got to get healthy again. He's not in his mind done at all. So hopefully it all works out.
It's a crazy surgery, cartilage replacement replacement I imagine if you weren't playing a professional
sport you'd just get a knee replacement
if that was the case maybe I'm way
off doctors I'm sure will be letting me know
or people that think
they're doctors that's something like
they use a cadaver for like a cadaver
I don't know yeah where do they get the cartilage I have no
idea who set the medical school cadavers
or it could be like fake cartilage
it could be you know what I mean like a product or something that's that's similar to it i i have no idea
but i'm sure it's it's a it's a bitch of a rehab yeah that sucks man well anyways landy get well
pal the boys are pulling fire we hate to hate to see it happen to you but uh any other final
thoughts on the on the first round our first two rounds with i know that are over yet but
to me the crazy swings like the binge score on the shit ton of first two rounds with? I know that aren't over yet, but to me, the crazy swings, like the
binge score and the shit ton of goalies, they've gone through
28 goalies already, not even two rounds.
It's kind of a wacky playoffs,
even though the second round hasn't been as good as the first.
It's pretty wacky, though, no? It's been interesting.
I mean, that was the first
good game we had of Jersey
Carolina. The other games, I mean,
if you're not a fan of
either team, you're tuning in and
they're kind of blowouts. Tonight
was awesome. That was back and forth.
I think Carolina controlled
the play for the most part, but it was finally a good game.
Have we had a good game in Dallas-Seattle?
The first game, overtime.
Yes. Yes. Yeah.
And then all the
Florida-Toronto games have been entertaining.
So not as good as the first round.
A little bit of a letdown, but there's been 28 goalies used?
Yeah, 28 so far.
That was when I wrote this the other day.
There may have been one more since.
What's interesting, five teams have used just one goalie.
Rangers with Shesterkin, Tampa with Vassie, Winnipeg with Hellebuck,
the Islanders with Sorokin, and Colorado with Gorgiev.
All of them were bounced in the first round.
I don't know if that means anything.
There's something to it, but just kind of an interesting little fact there.
What do you got, G?
Well, speaking of watching entertaining content,
you guys, like we just mentioned,
we have a sandbagger dropping on Wednesday this week with Dave Portnoy and Josh Richards.
We also have the Charles Barkley interview dropping on Tuesday.
So tune into that and the chick with YouTube channel.
The Barkley interview is great.
I think the sandbagger is unlike any other sandbagger.
That's all really,
that's the only way I can describe it.
Just a gong show.
I had something else to say though,
about the conversation.
Damn it.
I was thinking that you were talking about the place you were talking about.
the goalies.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe maybe
moving forward
like so many teams
rotate throughout
the season 60 40.
Maybe that'll be
the way in the playoffs
someday.
Yeah, that's what
I'm wondering.
Is this going to be
the new norm?
You know, two goalies
because they don't
have to be excellent
like maybe, you know,
10, 15 years ago
like last year.
Oh, Dossie Kemp.
He was, you know,
he was good,
but he certainly didn't steal that any of those series for him.
You look at Skinner right now, I think his save percentage is around 900,
but they're winning.
If you've got the potent enough offense,
you can offset not having a top-tier goaltender.
Who's your picks for tonight's game?
Toronto and then Edmonton.
I don't know the spreads, but I don't really give a shit.
I think I'm saying no spreads.
Just win.
No spreads.
Just a pick.
I don't know.
I think Edmonton got a little bounce in this step right now.
Skin has played well the last couple of games.
Yeah, I'll probably take Edmonton in that game.
I want to see the overrunners.
I refuse to take over seven.
That's just crazy to need eight goals in a playoff game, regardless of how many goals are being scored.
And obviously, I already got a future on these guys.
They lost the last game, but I'm a gambler,
so I'll probably throw a little something on the Panthers.
I'm definitely not betting the Leafs for obvious reasons.
I actually think Florida gets it done.
Because, I mean, even the game that...
Every game has been close,
but it took a lot for Toronto to hold onto that one.
So I think Florida gets it done.
And yeah,
with,
with Petrangelo,
I would,
I think Edmonton gets it done too.
So I'm,
I'm with you.
We know how this may go now,
but what about you,
G EBR boys,
everybody rides.
I'm with you guys as well.
I like Edmonton and the over RA is actually six and a half.
So I don't know, maybe a little sprinkle there, but yeah, I think Florida closes it out on the other side as well. I like Edmonton and the over RA is actually six and a half. So I don't know, maybe
a little sprinkle there. But yeah, I think Florida
closes it out on the other side as well.
They're not going over. Exactly.
And also, well, it's not a potential
elimination game there, but potential elimination
games, they tend to go under, I think,
more often than not. But
either way, boys, another great show.
I don't know if you have any final thoughts.
There's a great read on Matthew Kachuk in The Athletic by Haley Salvian.
I think she's Calgary-based or Toronto.
She's a Canadian writer.
Did a terrific job.
They talked to his mom, his siblings, just how he became the player he's become.
And, you know, it's a real good read.
And if you do want to catch Apocalypto, it's on Amazon Prime.
Highly recommend it.
It is subtitled, but it's not like you've got to follow major conversations. It's just set way back in, like, the 1400s. It's on Amazon Prime. Highly recommend it. It is subtitled, but it's not like you got to follow major
conversations. It's just set way back in the
1400s. It's a wild flick.
Highly recommend it. Give it a whirl.
Do you have any good
documentaries for me? If you haven't
seen Air, I know that Air
comes out tomorrow
on Amazon Prime.
Legit, every night I watch playoff hockey.
Yeah, exactly.
I haven't watched anything other than hockey.
She's like, hey, want to go to dinner? I'm like,
can we go at 5.30 with the old
birds?
We're watching playoff hockey every night. It's ridiculous.
I haven't
done anything.
He's just like zoning in. My wife's like,
go to the final fucking nights. Let me watch
fucking Bravo, will you?
Tonight we're doing a fundraiser.
Our friend Nina Ryan's running this fundraiser.
And it's for the preschool our kids go to and all this stuff.
So I'm emceeing the auction part.
There's like six items.
It's called Live Auction Off.
Try to get up the bids for these.
One of them is actually a ride to school. like a police escort ride to school in the car i think with the lights on
maybe or maybe not the lights on but the kids sitting in the back of the car i'm like
why it'll be getting picked up here in that thing in 18 years too hey is this the fundraiser where
like the guy chirped your shoes last this is the fundraiser where the guy sent the picture on like
twitter or something and didn't say anything to me.
That was crazy.
That guy's there.
He better come up and say something.
Are you going to do it like a Weston?
What the fuck are you going to say to the face?
What, are you going to do it like a Weston catalog?
Like, five, give me five, give me six, give me six over here,
give me seven, give me seven, give me eight.
That's pretty good, actually.
Well, no, because I'm like, come on.
I'm calling all my buddies. I'm like, oh, get in there
for this one. I feel like you were destined
for that. With how fast you talk
and how jittery you are, you were meant
to be an auctioneer. You're like the
Micro Machines guy a little bit.
Who's the Micro Machines guy? Remember that guy? Remember the commercials?
How fast he would talk?
Yeah. I remember the Fed. Remember the
FedEx guy with the mustache? He used to talk.
Maybe that was the same guy. Maybe that's what I'm thinking of. But the reason I brought him... To the deadbeat remember the FedEx guy with the mustache? He used to talk. Maybe that was the same guy. Maybe, maybe that's what I'm thinking of.
But the reason I brought up.
To the deadbeat,
the sex road.
The re,
yeah,
go collect the money.
The reason I brought that up is because now I was thinking Toronto was going to lose.
I was like,
oh,
perfect.
I can do that and then catch the Edmonton game.
But now,
like,
I got at least,
I got to at least watch the third period of florida toronto
so i don't know how i'm gonna be i'm gonna be it could be an early exit i gotta watch hockey it's
my job yeah buddy right yeah maybe your phone tell you i think it's worse to be at this thing
we're going like this watching my the game on my phone as opposed to just leaving maybe you're
right though just put it on the lectern in front of you so nobody will see it.
Actually, I just thought of a documentary.
I haven't been watching it a ton lately, obviously, with Hockey,
but I downloaded the Pamela Anderson one on Netflix.
Really good documentary. It's incredible.
She produced it herself.
And obviously, people produce their own documentaries.
They can slant it their way.
But she was so fucking vulnerable.
She had all this awful stuff that happened when I was a kid.
She's just like a really nice
person who got fucking so railroaded.
People forget,
that fucking tape was in a safe in their house
that got stolen. They stole the safe,
took the video tape out. I've seen the show about it.
There's a show on, maybe FX or something.
It's crazy.
It's a good show. And then it got to a point where she could have
signed in and made money. And she's like, i don't care if they offer me a billion dollars like
i wouldn't want it you just get a totally different like impression of what you maybe
had before before of her just you know and a lot of empathy too like the girl you feel a lot of
shit you really do mike and she's just like a sweet can i mean she's canadian of course so
obviously she's nice she's just like a real sweet person and then the kids i mean pam anderson and tommy lee your parents and these kids seem pretty fucking well adjusted considering
the all the craziness they grew up but yeah it's definitely worth the watch you'll you'll definitely
look at pam anderson in a different way than you than you did beforehand so yeah the other the i
hope so uh that and apocalypto i want a book report on Monday alright guys
this was a pleasure
old school feel
and we'll be back to you guys on
what is it Tuesday morning?
Tuesday morning Thank you.
