Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 447 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on everyone? Fun times in the hockey world right now, the cup is in full swing,
front offices are playing musical chairs, and the boys are hitting the road once again this week,
so let's go around the table, say hello. Colby armstrong welcome to the show my friend how you doing
i'm doing good boys uh double dipping a couple jobs here and there went up to toronto for a day
back and forth my flight got canceled witty uh i don't want to get into your cell phone
no i couldn't get into pearson they wouldn't even send a plane to Pittsburgh to get me. It just, it just fell apart. I had to drive needless to say,
24 hour travel day to work. And I got it all done.
Got home last night, just in time for puck drop. Amazing.
Like literally walked in the door guy was finishing the Anthem.
Awesome timing. So golden pipes. Yeah. He was, he was ripping it up.
Busy. You were, you were on location. I'm sure that was amazing.
But that was my kind of little bit of weekend with some travel,
with a little extra work added into it.
So, all right, good to be with you, buddy.
Good to be with the boys.
Always a pleasure to have you.
The biz man, you're doing a little traveling yourself.
A little tired there?
Yeah, Army's plane actually came to pick us up in Vegas
and drove us to Lauderdale.
Pretty cool, though.
I think we were supposed to fly out this morning out of Vegas,
but of course 99 said,
I think we should probably just take a bird, do the red eye,
and he got us a private jet, so that was pretty fucking awesome.
I got to sit on there, listen to him tell these old-school hockey stories
as he always tells, and it's a's a it's a it's a fairy tale
i pinch myself every time boys but as far as that experience in that building oh my my fucking
eardrums are blown out that was they they must have cranked it up 10 more notches as far as the
game ops are concerned uh what a show that they put on so i'm looking forward to diving into this
hockey but overall um it was a fun time in Vegas.
Excited to be in Lauderdale now and excited to see the crew for game four in Lauderdale.
All right, you're already ready.
Why are you wearing shades at 945 in the morning?
Because I look like shit.
Yeah, I have wicked bed face because I'm not usually up to show.
You know, when you're tired, you get up and you just look like shit.
10 a.m. folks, by the way.
Yeah, I just get a good night's sleep.
I look like shit.
So Shady Rays, man.
Shady Rays takes care of it.
Unbelievable, though, Busy.
You get to fly PJs with the great one all over the place.
What the fuck?
This is unreal.
Who was on there, Busy?
Just like you five from the panel?
So Jackie Redmond joined us.
Like the crew panger.
Yeah, panger.
Boucher.
Just a big bird. Yeah, Brian Boucher was actually on there he oh my god he was doing uh impersonations yeah he's sick at that hey oh my
god he might be the funniest hockey impersonator we got to get him on the pod we have to get him
who is he doing uh Jonesy Edsel like anybody was fair game game. He did Ray Ferraro. His Ray Ferraro is 20 out of 10.
So we got to get him on it.
You know, who is the black guy who used to mimic all the rappers?
Like he could do Snoop Dogg and then he could do Jay-Z.
Like that guy.
Oh, I've seen that on Instagram before.
No, no, Isaac something.
Is that his name?
He was on Mad TV, I think.
I know the guy. It's actually crazy how good he is though he does chris rock and his fingers are exactly the same too
it's jay jay farrow i think jay farrow that's what it is yeah yeah he was doing he was doing
edzo and he'd be like listen listen listen hey hey listen here. Like you just said, I don't do a good job.
That wasn't good.
That wasn't good.
No, I know.
Fuck me.
Hey, I'm running on two hours sleep.
Cancel Boucher, G.
Cancel Boucher.
Oh, shit.
But as far as, obviously hanging out with the great ones, the best.
Like his hockey mind and his, like the fact that he can remember all these stories.
But anyway, he plans a dinner at this,
what was it called?
Was it called Yellowtail?
This awesome sushi restaurant at the Bellagio.
So we go there and everybody obviously gets
the wood chopsticks and then they fucking bring them out
these special chopsticks.
They're gold plated on the end.
Wayne Gretzky.
Oh, dude, he's got his own choppies
buddy i'm gonna i'm gonna send this picture i'm gonna send this picture and they say 99
he goes he goes hey biz he goes you can use them for the meal so i use this
so he let me all of a sudden the sushi was falling apart i mean he's using it that's
the equivalent busy if you played with him and he let you like use a stick for practice basically yeah dude how about bedard just chirping you actually no dude since we
recorded you've had betman and bedard here's my here's my shit list here's my shit list number
one yes kyle dubas number two kyle dubas number three g, Gary Bettman. Number four, Conor Bedard.
And the only way Conor Bedard can get off the shit list
is if he joins us for an interview at the draft.
That's the only way.
Putting me in a fucking body bag.
Do you think Fantilli is ahead of him now because of that?
I would say it's Fantilli.
Is it Erickson or Carlson?
Carlson, Mitch Kov, Will Smith, then Bedard.
Bedard's going fifth in business draft.
No, he's dropping down to the Coyotes.
That should be his punishment.
But overall, man, like I said, it was a pretty wild two games,
and we're going to get into these.
But great experience and looking forward to seeing you boys,
and I'll throw it back over to you, Rear.
And I'm going to say hello to the wit dog, Ryan Whitney,
all set for the trip, man. For what?'re all packed and ready to go um yeah somewhat uh life's a little bit of a gong
show around these parts right now um i spent sunday so like my wife had a doctor's appointment
out in western mass like lenox massachusetts way out there way out there and way out there. And it was on Monday. So her birthday is today.
So we decided to, you know, go together and spend Sunday.
Dude, she like wanted to go to this.
My wife's like a junkie for like these wellness places.
I don't know if your guys' wives are into like wellness stuff.
You get like hot stones and everything?
Or what?
Like jewels?
Wellness stuff is an absolute like.
Racket?
I got plenty of opinions on the whole wellness industry in the
in the world these days they're everywhere it's like but we went to this one it was pretty nice
it's like miraval or something i guess there's one in arizona but i felt like i was in rehab
like we're sitting around having dinner and it's just like these like chimes and like soft like
massage music love that yeah dude not
while you're eating dinner i'm looking for a little like i don't know top 40 hits or old
school jams and like i'm walking down the hallway and like i i understand the massage
you have the chimes and that type stuff i don't need that like walk i felt like I was legit RA at rehab. Like, no offense, RA. I know you haven't done yet.
Mom, I'm sorry, Paula.
I really was like, all right, well, so it was a fun day.
I went to the gym finally for the first time in forever.
Now I'm sore as shit, as you can tell by the heat pack on my neck.
What else?
What else did you ask me?
Oh, yeah.
I would say, I guess i should maybe save this
did you get a facial did you get a facial oh i got a massage i got a massage i got i got a uh
deep tissue and i wanted to listen to something on my headphone because the golf was on so i wanted
to have my phone down on the golf on so i was like hey miss i'm just gonna have something in
my headphones like i don't you know no worries like she's like i have huge clients in new york i have lawyers i have
businessmen they do deals like while i'm massaging them like it's okay i was like yeah sick i was
telling you i was watching the memorial final round like all right but then she does the typical like
i'm like you can go a little harder okay you can go a little harder okay i'm like you can go a little harder okay you can go harder okay no you have to go harder she's like
okay and then by the end i'm like all right this is a swedish touch yeah she's just like this i'm
like this is useless and by the way i have another thing where i despise falling asleep during
massage and if it's a correct massage you'll never fall asleep because it should actually hurt a
little bit the whole time that is what a massage that helps your body does. It hurts. There's pain involved. I know it sounds,
but I ended up falling asleep. Sounds like SNM. BDSM. That's fine by me. That's fine. But then
it's like, all right, well, I fell asleep because you were like tickling my back. And in the end,
I woke up. I don't even remember it. So I didn't get to enjoy it. And I didn't want to enjoy it to begin with because my hips are killing me and my neck's mangled.
So whatever.
Wellness is for the birds.
But my wife loves that stuff.
You know, my theory is they do that and then you fall asleep and they don't have to do anything.
You don't have to work.
She's sitting there cutting deals.
I actually want to pretend fall asleep to just then turn around and see her on her phone.
I think that's happened
and the other thing that pissed me off
do you do a massage with
never
unless it was the guy from the team
I don't know I just don't want
I mean if it's last resort
I'm okay with a dude
what are you going to do
hey I'm Rick you want my elbow in your asshole
take Teresa but I Like, I mean, what are you going to do? Hey, I'm Rick. You want my elbow in your asshole?
I'll take Teresa.
But I mean, all of our masseuses for the teams were guys.
It's fine.
For some reason, it was just like different.
Like, I know them.
They're part of the team.
Like, you know, I don't want Gary from Elements Massage to be touching me.
But hold on.
So, Bizz, it It's an 80 minute massage.
3 to 420.
They come in and get me at 307. I'm like,
alright. In my head, I'm like, alright.
I'll go till 427.
She finishes up.
She's like, whatever. Gets the
robe out. They heated up the robe, which was
nice. It was like a heat under the bed.
So I put on the hot robe.
I get out.
I check my phone.
It's 418.
So it was actually a 60 minute massage.
She undercut you.
I paid for 80 bitches.
And I didn't even say anything.
I've taken an enormous leap as a person.
And I just ate it.
Miraval ran my show.
But whatever. It was fine fine two hour ride home that's that's a big reason as why i refuse to buy into these like not only just
spas but any masseuse place you go because of what you just said like you you buy the the hour and a
half and then you get they jip you out of fucking 15 minutes of it crazy hard enough um but i got
this girl that i trust in arizona her
name's cody she did she did all the football players larry fitzgerald i went to a softball
tournament and that's where i ended up meeting her buddy she beats the fucking wheels off you
that's awesome she gets on the table with you and then she takes the arch of her foot
and she'll go right into your groin all the way up to your fucking right to your
but like you said like she'll get on the table with you and be stretching you and like in and
pushing her her arch like into your into your groin to flush your groin because that's where
your uh what is the the lymph nodes yeah she'll flush the blood to
the lymph nodes like this girl is is a a black belt in in massage so i i hear you and feel your
pain and especially at the fact that you're probably getting bent over in price for that
massage i didn't even look i didn't even look could you please look on your credit card let
us know how much you got bent over for the room. Dude, this is Western Massachusetts.
It's like the room was like eighteen hundred dollars for a night.
I'm like, oh, she's like, this is wellness.
I'm like, it's fucking wellness.
All right.
Yeah.
My bank account is going to be like a well at the end of this thing.
Like, hey, Mr.
Whitney, here's your four ounce Wagyu that's been marinated in essential oils for 15 days.
Yeah. Yeah. Here's a fig and a stick and a branch in there alongside it.
You're like, thanks.
And it's like, and then, so then like the next morning she had the doctors,
right?
Well, the whole place is like a device free area because it's all about like
wellness and your brain and all that.
And I'm sitting there with a headphone in,
like I'm like reading stuff
on the first game because saturday night where they're sunday whatever it's monday morning
i'm just like this guy comes over he's like sir no phones i go hey buddy i go i just got keeping
the lights on i go i just got an 80 minute massage for 40 minutes the room's 1800 bucks
and this chicken parm was about three inches big so i'm gonna read my phone in
silence here and you gotta please step away from my table i gotcha i was so annoyed like device
free zone i'm not talking to anyone i'm not talking on the phone i'm sitting in the back
corner by myself like this like leave me alone well imagine that hell of your inside your own
brain sitting there
by yourself in that moment brain is my brain's all over the place right now brie's taking the
kids and my mom and her mom to portugal on friday for a week so like jealous i know i have i've
actually always if you come on this podcast and talk about another vacation i'm gonna lose my
fucking i'm not on the vacations bro not. I'm not on the vacations. Between you
and every member of your family,
every episode for the last 20,
somebody's been on vacation. Yeah, I'm
rich, bitch. You're walking your
back off to try to become rich. I'm
rich. I'm sending them all around the world.
But I'm not going. I'm not
in Costa Rica. I'm not in Portugal.
I'm grinding away at a wellness retreat.
Getting yelled at for reading an article
on The Athletic.
From Rick.
So I have
anxiety about them going away
and I'm not there.
Your whole family is across the world.
It's just weird. My brain's all
fucked up right now. Would you rather go to another
wellness retreat or on a cruise with
RA for seven days?
I would start working at a wellness retreat
before I went on a cruise.
Cruises are trash.
I've told that to everyone who could ever listen.
You're stuck on a boat.
RA's like doing those,
what are those nudist boats?
What are those called?
No, what's the sex boats?
Carnival cruises.
There goes our sponsorship.
We had one lined up.
We were going to give them a biz 22.
Hedonism Cruise.
Hedonism Cruise, yeah.
It's a blackjack table and a blowjob at noon.
Do you got a tip?
In the same two restaurants.
But wait, West of Mass is like low-key wicked nice though, right?
No, this little town, Lenox, Massachusetts, beautiful little downtown,
like awesome area.
I'll never go back.
What was the name of the massage you got with?
Because you know how they have all these weird names.
Deep tissue.
Deep tissue, and she didn't go deep, eh?
No.
It was like a, I don't even know what to call it, soft tissue disgrace.
That's a grind for them, though.
They got to work their asses off you think fudge kids
family goes to those wellness centers in
Western Mass no he probably owns it
and that's why they have a fucking compound
on Nantucket I asked you what
you never heard of that place Eastover that was Atlantic
Smash years ago right you never there was a resort out
there that no a lot of Boston people used to go to
if you took dirty
dancing if dirty dancing and animal house
fucked and made a baby it would be this place Eastover
you would just pay like 200 bucks for rooms
and it was BYOB you bring your own beers
they fed you all week it was just like
sounds like camping
more or less but you just want to get buckled all weekend
it was a great time all kinds of Boston folks
then it just kind of peed it out a little bit
I'm sure a few of our listeners have probably been there
just an awesome awesome time
alright where did you do this weekend and I would imagine like you've still but I'm sure a few of our listeners probably been there. Just an awesome, awesome time. But all right.
Where did you do this weekend?
And I would imagine like you've still been on the Florida Panthers train as
far as the gambling.
Yeah.
I got to go do a score after we do the show so I can take care of that
shit.
No,
I've been doing it responsibly.
There's a bank being robbed in two hours.
Penn's going to love that.
We don't do them in Charleston.
We always go out of town. No, I took it easy this weekend. I had, we don't, we don't, Penn's going to love that. We don't do them in Charleston. We always go out of town.
No,
I took it easy this weekend.
I had,
I had a funeral for a dear buddy of mine last week.
My pal,
Jimmy Hinkston,
he passed away.
He had cancer.
Great,
great guy.
Thanks boys.
He was a beloved figure in the town.
I get cancer a few months back and it wasn't good.
And they diagnosed it.
And you know,
it sucks to have to go to a funeral and all that stuff,
but it's beautiful that the tribute that so many people come with standing room only and
uh it sucks to say goodbye but you know hinky we love your pal is it was uh it's probably turned
into um probably turned into some great stories about him out there with everyone right like yeah
i was you know you know it's like an irish celebration it was it kind of turned into a
party so needless to say biz i was pretty tired for the rest of the weekend.
But I hung out with my dad. I go over to my dad's. He's right across
the street here. I watch the game Saturday
night. So, it's nice to hang out with the old man.
I cherish all the time I have with him. So, I had a
relatively quiet weekend by my standards,
I guess you'd say. Yeah, fuck cancer.
Sorry about your loss, buddy. Glad you got
to spend some time with the old man.
Thanks, boys. Much appreciated. Let's see
what our producer, Mikey Grinelli, is up to. Oh, yeah. Much appreciated. Let's see what our producer Mikey Grinelli is up to.
Oh, yeah. What's up, G? We got a big week,
Mikey. Great week. Big week coming
up, boys, but I'm not doing too good.
I got to be honest. I'm not doing too good at all.
Last night, I
fell asleep with my back door open.
I hate that. I just so happened
to live next to a bar and
basically their dumpster. Right
where their dumpster is is basically where my back door is.
So I woke up at 3 a.m.
battling about 200 mosquitoes.
I am covered from my neck to my toes
in about a thousand fucking mosquito bites.
Oh no.
I'm in so much pain.
I'm itching.
I got sweatshirts and fucking,
it's terrible, but I'm an idiot. And so, yeah, I'm not doing great, but I'm excited to see you guys in so much pain. I'm itching. I got sweatshirts and fucking it's terrible, but I'm an idiot.
And so,
yeah,
I'm not doing great,
but I'm excited to see you guys in Florida and Vegas.
You're on the ground floor.
No,
I'm on the second floor.
I thought I could beat it.
Beat what?
Mosquitoes.
They fly.
Yeah,
they have wings,
but I just thought I could beat the dump.
So are you looking out your patio down into a dumpster?
Basically. Yeah, yeah.
Basically, yeah.
It's good to get out in case you want to get out quick.
You can just jump in there like in the movies.
It's a beautiful blue view out of my apartment.
Like ocean view?
No, it's a BFI dumpster.
Guys, before we continue, I'm here to talk about the greatest drink
Ever created, the drink of the summer
The drink of the fall, the drink of the winter
The drink of the spring
Pink Whitney
We got the nips, we got the big bottles
We got every single size you could ever want
And it's all
To catch a little buzz
In the sun, in the rain, in the snow, in the wind
On the golf course, on the boat In in Vegas, in Lauderdale.
It doesn't matter.
This time of year is when Pink Whitney's popping.
Get it.
Get it.
We've already said it.
We've already said a bunch lately.
It's all about that energy drink with the Pink Whitney.
Get a little energy.
Get a little liveliness going while also getting your buzz and enjoying it with the Pink Drink.
The Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam's own, the best drink on the market.
I love, I love having a couple of the nips right before a golf round.
Gets away some of the nerves.
Gets you to enjoy your friends a little bit more.
Maybe people you don't like, if you have some Pink Whitney, you can stand them.
That's kind of an option for everyone.
I think before these Panthers games, it'll be ripping down at our pregame party down on the beach.
I think that anyone who hasn't tried it yet has to get involved.
If you have tried it and enjoy it, thank you so much.
Continue to get involved with Pink Whitney.
Enjoy yourself.
Have a drink.
Relax.
Pink Whitney coming at you forever.
At least you're going to get away for a couple of days.
Gee, we got our Fort Lauderdale on tap.
We're going to have a little shindig before the game.
TBA.
We don't know the place yet, but follow our social media.
And then we're off to Vegas for game five.
This is another slob and arc of a trip.
If there is a game five.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, my prediction at this point is maybe Florida squeaks one out and they end it in five at home for Vegas.
The way things have been going.
What a shit kicking this has been.
Holy shit.
Florida has been completely outclassed.
Outclassed.
All I've thought about, how good are the Edmonton Oilers?
I'm sorry, guys.
They're the only team who've given them even remotely close to anything of a series.
The Oilers are now going to have lost
to the back-to-back Stanley Cup champs.
So all I'm thinking is
our times are coming because we
gave the Knights all they could handle.
And we were that close to forcing a game seven.
The Oilers are the
true storyline of this Stanley Cup final.
That's a fair statement.
Thank you. Imagine what the Knights would be doing to the Leafs.
Oh.
Oh.
I don't want to even think about it.
Did we have a big Dale Bruin update?
I saw it on your social media.
Was it new states or a new province?
That's a great question.
Gee, I've been so dialed into the hockey,
I've actually been off my social media quite a bit other than to tell everybody that fucking connor bedard and gary
betman met me over like rick the masseuse uh there's nothing basically that new but we are
available now in british columbia so we posted the list of all the stores all the uh all the
liquor stores all the restaurants all the bar anywhere you can buy it. But we are available in British Columbia, Alberta, and as
Biz said, Ontario is coming soon.
Very, very soon. Coming soon.
You know what, Bizzy, on top of that too,
just with you talking about Connor
and Gary chirping you,
it was pretty cool to see that
Wayne gave you some love. And I say the same
thing that Wayne says. Remember when he
said, like, this guy works hard, you work hard,
he's rubbing your back a little there?
He was playing tummy sticks with me on the bounce.
Yeah, tummy stick to you hard.
And I was like, yeah, people need to know that.
Thank you, Wayne.
Busy in the studio, like, this guy is ready, dialed in, ready to go.
Like, he's a good teammate, but he works hard.
He's cutting clips like a maniac.
Like, you're not just showing up there and being like, hoo-hoo-hoo.
Like, you're a, you know. Well, like whoo like uh like you're you know i do
that too yeah well that's part of the package buddy that comes with the other stuff too which
is dialed in hard work so i'm glad wayno jumped on jumped on board to give you a little tummy
stick action on that because that's true people need to know that it's not just like you're coming
in there fucking around well i i appreciate the tire pump army much like i appreciated it from
wayne so i don't i'm not really good at taking compliments.
So I think we can move on.
Okay.
Absolutely.
Good job, guys.
Before the towels of that hotel are taken beating.
Yeah, before I put one on my belly button here.
Hey, right back at you, Army, because I know you're working hard, too.
You just drove all the way up to do what, a Jack's Links commercial?
Jack Links, yeah.
How'd that turn out?
It was good.
I was at like a campground
they're giving away um some kind of outdoor camping experience through them so it's kind of
this like uh campaign that's going to be coming up here soon so stay tuned for that it was fun to do
did a little diy project um what does diy mean do it yourself do it yourself kind of style of a shoot
it was really fun it was kind of style of a shoot.
It was really fun.
It was kind of cool.
Mosquito started to heat up a bit.
I haven't got good by Mosquito. Army's pumping out the content.
Yeah, I just, yeah.
Yeah, I, what do you call that?
I'm like a, I'm like a.
Jack of all trades?
Jack of all trades.
Yeah, that's what it is.
There we go.
Also, we want to say.
Master of none.
Yeah, that's true.
Thanks to everybody who tuned into our live stream saturday night so so
much fun doing those right guys i call like beavis and butthead in the games we just kind of goof on
the games have some fun business on tnt missed it that night but actually kind of a funny story
because you know but my camera you can kind of see people walking back and my wife walking down
the hall whatever so my old man was watching it too and i called me he's like hey he's like i was
watching the thing. He goes,
I saw Karen walked on the bathroom.
Then I saw it looked like some figure,
like,
like he looked like he had a hood on walk in.
He goes,
is everything all right over here?
My cousin was here.
My dad didn't know.
So he seen my wife go in the bathroom.
Then he saw this guy with like a hood on walking in after.
He's like,
I didn't see Karen come out.
He goes,
there's everything.
That's just my cousin.
Correct.
Daddy's she come out of the bathroom and he went in.
So he's watching and he fucking knew the background.
He thought I had some creeper in the fucking house.
Paranormal activity shit going on at RAs during the stream.
Oh, speaking of that, where we had our panel set up at the rink,
Merle's ended up having his tickets right beside our panel.
No, no.
Buddy, I could give him a high five.
For game two or both games?
For game one.
I don't know where he's at for game two.
So he's boots on the ground right now with his buddy Mincy.
Is it Mincy?
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs.
Migs. Migs. in the morning out there. He's probably just waking up, putting his glasses on. Can you believe I had 11? I doubled against
that 6, and the guy pulled a
4-car 21, and I actually
got the 9. I had 20.
This bullshit makes him a mush.
That is unbelievable.
That's fucking bullshit. I can't win.
It's a fucking joke.
Ryan Boucher's got competition here.
Merle.
I never win. I always go to the same spot.
Biggest loser.
Biggest smush.
Should have made the hurricane.
Set me down.
Had one and one the first two games.
Fucking Labula.
Fuck him.
That's so good.
That is so good, Randy.
He's the best.
Unreal.
You should go to this wellness place more often.
You're fucking humming right now.
Oh, busy. I saw you yelling this wellness place more often. You're fucking humming right now. Oh, busy.
I saw you yelling at a guy last night.
You're just yelling at that guy on the set in the post game.
Just yelling at us during our post game.
So I say, hey, buddy, we're fucking working here.
A live TV.
I was telling everybody it was Hank's agent.
Yeah, we were having some fun in the post game.
That's for sure.
We were getting silly. Let's talk some hockey, we were having some fun in the postgame. That's for sure. We were getting silly.
Let's talk some hockey, though, boys.
After dropping game one, five to two,
Panthers were trying to reestablish their identity, I'd say,
in the Monday night game.
Didn't work.
Vegas jumped on them early.
Stupid penalty by Lombard.
It just kind of fell apart from there.
I think Vegas outshot them at the first period.
They just croaked them.
Florida didn't have much fight in them.
It was just ugly all around.
What kind of positive, if anything, could Florida take from this game going to game three?
So I think a lot of the discussion online seems to be like people upset at the amount of tens that the refs are throwing at Florida right now and how ridiculous it's getting.
I'm going to say this.
I think the game plan for Florida coming to the series
was the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life.
Did they think that they were just going to go in there
and bully the Vegas Golden Knights?
Everybody on the Golden Knights roster,
aside from maybe March or so,
is at least 6'6", 6'1".
They're fucking built.
They're built huge.
They have enough guys who can handle that type of shit.
Their scores are even
huge and they they went in there and then just try to scrum it up every time now listen it has
been their mo all playoffs but i feel like the refs coming in knew that they were going to do
that and they just don't want any of this nonsense so by the end of the game they're just so fed up
and they just keep chucking guys out where yeah maybe the last one on um on kachuk was a little bit soft and and people were a little bit pissed off with it
but at this point they're just trying to diffuse it the game's over the games yeah the game was
done at that point those don't even matter it doesn't even matter you look at the bench there's
five guys left for the florida panthers but i already, if there is any chance that they can have,
it could come back in this series going back home.
They have to get away from this whole scrum nonsense.
They need to worry about playing between the whistles.
And in some cases,
some of their players have to stop worrying about trying to hit guys every
single time they have the puck where like Montour,
like, yeah, playing physical is great but him running out of position to try to go run guys is like it's not really his game so like yeah
maybe the Lombergs and the Cousins and the Bennets can worry about that as they have been all of
playoffs but the guys who are paid to score goals and make plays need to start focusing on that and stop taking stupid penalties and running around trying to, I guess, punish a team who can play that style of game.
And the minute, like you just said it, like Lomberg, like he has a puck.
You got to take a hit to make a play.
So he ends up cross-checking.
I want to say it was March or so.
Put some of the power play, boom, in the back of your net.
checking i want to say it was march or so put some on the power play boom in the back of your net the other one was was was it was duclair who went in to make a hit on someone and then montour
doubled it up and he runs out of position and ends up hitting a guy high so as far as the discipline
concerned just complete idiocy and the fact that panthers penalty kills is dog shit so you can't
you can't be putting this team on the fucking power play.
And then all of a sudden Bob looks normal,
but I just,
I want to credit the Vegas golden Knights.
They have,
they,
they sent out a tweet that Sean Burke,
as most teams do,
their coaching staff does presentations on the personnel and what they're
dealing with moving forward in the next round.
So that he said like,
Hey man, like Bob's been really seeing everything,
and Florida's been doing a tremendous job of boxing out
to where most point shots coming through
or most danger shots coming through,
he's seeing and getting clean looks.
Well, in the first two games, boys,
as far as a low-to-high movement for the Vegas Golden Knights
and their big mobile defense walking the line
and and doing so with ease and finding those lanes is giving enough time for the Vegas forwards to
establish positioning and you're seeing Bob he's he's on his tippy toes trying to look around and
look through the screens where three goals from defensemen that have been big big goals especially
early on in hockey the hockey games to give them leads, and they haven't looked back.
So just a dumb mindset.
I don't know what the preparation was like,
and it's always tough to have those long layoffs,
as we mentioned coming into this one.
But when that happens, you have to up your game in practice.
You have to keep that high-paced level,
especially when you're going to go against a team against the golden Knights
who are not only fast mobile,
but massive.
So it's been ugly.
And at this point,
I wouldn't be shocked if it's a sweep.
All right,
before we go any further,
here's a word from our friends at Mugsy jeans.
Mugsy makes the most comfortable jeans,
chinos,
and joggers ever.
Made from buttery soft, patented stretch materials that look stylish,
but are insanely comfortable, never too baggy, never too tight.
The guys at Mugsy have one mission in life.
Give every guy the confidence to walk blindly into their closet,
reach out, and know whatever they pick will have them looking good and feeling even better.
You will literally never have to shop anywhere else again.
Muggsy's also just dropped Coolmax denim that are like air conditioners for your legs.
They spent years in the lab developing the most breathable jeans ever,
designed with lightweight fibers to ensure a cool breeze with every single step.
These jeans come in enough colors to make a pack of Kramer's jealous.
They are the only jeans you'll wear this summer.
Go from the backyard barbecue to the bar in one swift motion all summer long.
If you're in Chicago or Austin, Texas,
make sure to head downtown and check out their storefronts as well.
Easy vibes every time.
Enjoy your beer as you shop.
If you're in Boston or D.C., keep an eye out for a Mugsy store coming in June.
Head to Mugsy.com and get 10 off now using the code CHICKLINS.
That's 10 off some of the most premium jeans, chinos, swimwear, and shorts on the Internet.
Mugsy also offers free shipping and returns,
so there's absolutely no risk to giving them a try.
You just mentioned the break.
Do you think the break was too long for them?
Are they out of gas,
or was it just two bad games on the road for Florida?
Well, it's pretty easy to say now
that the break was kind of disastrous,
and I think more than anyone, it was Bobrovsky, right?
It's just one thing.
Like, you're playing every other night.
I think this is around the 51st, 52nd day
since the playoffs began.
Now, granted, he didn't start the first round,
but all of a sudden, he comes in game four,
whatever it was, against Boston.
It's every other day.
Every other day, they're going.
And then just when you're at that level as a goalie
and you're that
dialed in and in this amazing sort of like mind space that he had the break just kind of crushed
him and and not only is it like all of a sudden you haven't played games and you hop into this
what biz and merles is telling us is this insane environment but you're dealing with like a great
team that biz has already said how physical and how big they are.
But also half these screens are from Florida players too.
It's a,
it's,
it's like the defense.
It's like,
you're there,
but you're not there.
Like if you're there,
you got to,
if you're in front of the goal,
you got to block it.
So I thought game one,
the goal by white cloud,
that was like the first bad goal.
I'd say,
but Brodsky's given up in quite some time,
maybe since game five against the Bruins or game four.
And,
and then just since then,
it's just been,
I mean,
since the third period,
they're outscoring them 10 to two.
It's,
it's,
it's not even the first two periods of game one were great.
It was back and forth.
Florida tied it up late in the second.
We saw,
here we go.
And then it's just been,
I mean,
it's been some of the most dominating, uh, most dominating efforts in the finals that I've ever seen.
It reminds me of when we lost to Detroit.
We somehow forced six games in 08 as the Penguins.
I mean, we didn't score a goal in games one or two.
And it could have, I think it was like 4-0, 3-0.
I don't remember the exact scores, but it was like utter domination.
I mean, Florida's got on the scoreboard, but
not really. I mean, it's just like
I can't get over the fact
at how effective Vegas
is fourth line is. And Ben, I know you
did the little sit down with Colasar
and Wa and Carrier
wasn't there, but like
it's just insane to see these guys.
They're all fast. They're all big. They all
play physical. And when you talk about them trying to get in the mix,
the Murr.
What's up, boys?
It's the Murr.
What's up, Murr?
Let me finish this point quick, Murr.
Let me finish this point.
I'm just talking about you told us before
and we chirped you nonstop
about how many times you mentioned
Vegas doesn't take penalties
going into the Edmonton series.
They actually are the most disciplined hockey team I've ever seen because,
and they had Petro miked up on the bench last night and he's like,
stay away from it,
boys just skate away.
And that's actually what they're doing.
Like stone,
no matter what you do to stone,
he just turns around and skates away.
Hag guys are kind of going at hag.
He's just laughing in their face.
He's getting choked out.
He's getting choked out and he's laughing and he's laughing and there's zero
retaliation. So like all of a sudden, Florida, Florida is like, Oh, getting choked out and he's laughing. And he's laughing. And there's zero retaliation.
So like all of a sudden, Florida, Florida is like, oh, we'll muck and grind it up.
It's like these guys don't care, dude.
They just play hard between the whistle and then they put their head down and skate to the bench.
So I just I'm amazed at how good Vegas is.
I guess we should have known it.
They won the West.
They've just trampled through everyone besides Edmonton a little bit.
And now it's like, holy shit.
And to see what Barbashev is doing,
I tweeted out somebody needs to give him eight years times eight million.
This guy is like he's a cigarette machine.
So who did he cold shoulder early in the game yesterday?
He murder, I think, right?
He murdered him with a reverse hit.
He then pretty much took the soul out of Gudis,
his body.
He Gudis Gudis.
And on the live stream biz,
when you were working,
I mentioned we needed a game of Thrones,
tribal combat battle to the death of Gudis and Baryshev.
Well,
that didn't,
that didn't go as I thought it would.
Baryshev sentiment sent him back to check.
It's just like...
The fact that on a reverse hit,
he sent Budas down the tunnel,
I was perplexed.
I hadn't trucked.
People are like,
oh, that's a hit to the head.
I'm like, dude, he went to hit him.
He went to hit him.
It's not a hit to the head
if you're going to hit a guy
and he puts the shoulder directly into your face
that's like trying to crush him. It's just a team that is so well-rounded and will not
take any dumb penalties so with Aiden Hill playing like like the only chance Florida had is if Bob
outplayed Aiden Hill to an enormous aspect and it's it's it's been the complete opposite it's
just it looks like men against boys, and I know things will change,
and hopefully change at least for the fans' sake.
But right now, I mean, you're watching
one of the most dominating teams
I've ever seen in the cup final.
Well, I think this was taken right before
the end of the game, where they might have scored
one more five-on-five goal, but currently they had,
or at the time at least when I saw the stat,
54 five on five goals
in playoffs the next closest team was 37 with dallas so five on five they're just insane and
merle you you were you were in the building when aiden hill made that paddle save which when you
go back to the whole p1 where they got fucked over back in 2018 when washington won in five games
it kind of it was very similar right on just like
how crazy it was the athleticism and man that was a tap-in for Cousins that might have been a
different outcome to that game I feel like the crowd didn't even react in real time like they
were so in shocked the only thing they didn't scream and lose their mind at the entire two games
yeah like I didn't even know what was going on. Your eyes, you didn't believe.
Did you lose your voice at the table?
His defense is he's been at two games where you can't hear yourself think.
So if this was just from casinos, then we'd have a different call. It's early, right, Merle?
It's early.
7 a.m.
No casino last night.
It's from the game.
You're just talking to the guy next to you.
I was talking to Jeff Jacobson all game one, and I came out with no voice.
It's so loud.
This game, I got talking to Phillip Fiela's agent
that we saw down in Florida.
He dragged me up to the Hyde Lounge up there
during the intermissions.
But when that save happened, that game one,
we couldn't believe what happened.
And they're not great with showing the replays here either.
So when you're at these live games it's kind of tough
to see what's going on and nobody really understood
how that didn't go in
so for people um Biz and Army
Merles whoever like
people were kind of giving cousins
a little grief like you gotta bear it out
and bear it I know Army mentioned like that's what your
dad always told you like don't ever take
a chance for granted but dude
it's pretty hard not to just literally see a wide open net.
And all you're doing is redirecting it in.
Like I have a hard time blaming cousins there because it was just one of the
greatest saves I've ever seen.
And,
and,
and if Hill's not six,
six,
there's no chance he's making that save,
but it's like,
Oh my God,
the cousins ends up looking kind of bad,
but there's just no chance in your mind that that's not going in.'s like oh my god it's right there boom put just you could literally walk the
puck happening i think it's like what hank says on the broadcast so busy it's like it's his style
he's just a big blob of a guy he's never like out of it because of that like he's not over athletic
trying to make the save he's just it gets in the. So he's able to be with his size still in a position where he's vulnerable
like that on a bang,
bang passing play,
which was awesome to,
to still kind of be there within reach.
He's just right there.
So I give him a lot of credit.
He's just does what he has to do.
He's just gets in the way.
But I was going to say about the style of play too.
Like,
what do I put on the group chat all the time?
Boys,
Vegas is just too much. Like they're too much all over the ice but watching them play like
they're like a rugby team you know how rugby guys come up the ice and they just keep
lofting it out to the side to the guy and it's just that's how they come up through their out
of their zone into the offense and through the neutral zone they're just those little bunt passes
no one's dangling end to end eichel comes up and
weaves in like a garter snake just just he doesn't even strive to get enter the zone draws people to
him then bunts it out to the side like everything's just like tick tick tick tick tick they just go no
turnovers in the high danger areas they just never turn it over at either blue line and when when it
teams that big and deep and like coming at you in waves with four lines,
and then you're not even getting turnovers, it's like, what are we going to do to create any offense?
They had the fourth line match with the Kachuk line for the first half of the game.
And they neutralized them and they ended up scoring a goal in the second period.
This is one of the best fourth lines I've ever seen.
As far as Hill's concerned,
Kobe,
as you were talking about him,
one of his things was when he was early and young,
he would swim too much.
And then Berkey was working with him and he's like,
buddy,
look at your body.
He goes,
you can just stand there,
play a little bit deeper in your net and like,
just let the puck come to you.
But he does have that athleticism.
So when he does get out of position,
he's able to recover and make these crazy saves where they even played a
clip.
He played normally it's the backup goalie playing rebound at the end of
warmup where you do the last part.
I saw that he's flopping all over the place.
So he,
he,
he has that.
It's like Mark Andre flurry style athleticism along with this fucking
Doro size body with this wingspan that I,
like I said, he looks like fucking goro out there
you know the guy from mortal combat four fucking arms for christ's sake that's how he saved that
paddle um but jack eichel boys it looks like at this point if he keeps going he might win the
con smith like holy shit what a turnaround for this guy like it? 10 goals and not his last nine games. Is that the stat?
So he's,
he's currently,
he's currently,
I want to say six points behind the record for best playoff performance
coming into your first ever playoffs.
So that,
I got those stats.
Sorry.
That was March.
So 10 goals in his last nine.
He's also the second player ever in there in the first Stanley cup
appearance,
or maybe any stand no probably
first stanley cup final appearance to have two points in games one and two so like the moment
is not and by the way like very scary moment i think when he took that hit which was an unreal
hit by math get chuck every single aspect of it was clean it was the perfect hockey hit i loved
hearing eichel say that after yeah the only reason it got so ugly is because he toe-picked
right as he lifted up his head and saw him.
But with the neck injuries and how he was holding his shoulder,
I was like, oh, fuck.
And that could have been the one thing for Florida.
Like, oh my God, we knocked out their best player.
Nope.
He comes back in the third and gets an assist about three minutes in.
Oh, he went beast mode.
He did.
But by the way, that's another goal.
Marshall shows second.
It's like, how many times have there been Vegas guys with chances with nobody around?
Brain farts.
Breakaways.
You're like, what's going on here?
Yeah, I got that stat for you.
Eichel's 22 points.
He trails Mark Reckie, who had 34, and Eric Stahl, who had 28 points in their first playoff.
Oh, shit.
I didn't know Reckie had 34. Wreck't know Recchi had 34. Wrecking Ball.
Oh, Wrecking Ball. When was that?
Was that with Montreal?
1991 with Pittsburgh. Oh, wow.
I don't know if you saw the stat
in the paper. Since 2017-18,
Machiso has more playoff points
than the following. Dry Saddle,
Stamkos, Ajo, Bergeron,
Ovechkin, Mata, Matthews, Gensel,
and Crosby. Points or goals?
Points.
More player points than all those guys since they came into the league.
That's fucking insane.
How many goals does he have right now in these playoffs?
12?
12.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yep.
And he didn't score in the first round.
I want to say we mentioned management for the Golden Knights coming into this series
and what type of a juggernaut they've created.
They have
one player on their roster that's been
drafted by their team.
One player. What?
One player on their team.
Who is it, RA? Is it Hag?
Yeah, Hag was drafted, but I
thought Whitecloud was.
No, no, Whitecloud was signed.
So yeah, they have one draft white cloud was signed. So yeah,
you,
they have one draft pick.
Holy shit.
So just look at all these moves they've made in order to create this lineup.
And like,
think of how much trash they were getting thrown at them as far as the,
when,
when they were making some of these moves where fans weren't happy about
the amount of turnover,
but that again,
the,
the misfits and the original guys that they've kept and the impact that
they've made.
I mean, you look at March or so you could say that Carlson's maybe been a little bit quiet this round.
But he's kind of that shutdown center right now.
So they really have everything down the middle working for them as far as Chandler, Stephenson, him and this Nicholas Hua.
I don't know how they're going to afford to keep some of these guys because this kid's a fucking stud, too.
He had a big goal last game.
It's just, it's been a, it's been a shit show boys.
And it's been a thumping like no other.
Hey, I like to your point though, Vegas, like how aggressive they are.
They've had three coaches in six years.
They've been to the final twice, like go through their stats.
They, they brought in McCrimmon, like they switched GMs and move McPhee up.
Like they, they've made like pretty
big name trades too out of nowhere um you know they've had injuries to guys that have come like
we know the salary cap thing and and stones back and all this stuff but like they've there's been
a lot of action like this owner he just rips hey he just is like let's's go. Let's go. New coach. I don't care. Get another guy.
Not to mention, like, Logan Thompson was in the All-Star game.
And then Lorraine Boissois had a great year when he was healthy.
And then they had quick.
And then Aiden Hill, he's not even the starter.
And he could win the consmite.
Somehow, it's like the amount of depth they have up and down the lineup.
Like, forget just goaltending.
It's incredible.
And there is a complaint about how much over the cap they are.
Whatever.
That's the rules.
That's how the game's played now.
But you just got to look at this team.
And I don't see how in the fuck Florida could win four out of five games.
It's crazy.
It's impossible.
So what do they have to do, right?
Like, what do they, where are their guys?
Where is this thing?
Gutis got trucked by Barbas.
Oh yeah, Barbas ended his life.
So here's my thoughts,
is they need to stop worrying about throwing hits
and keep their momentum
because they're so much slower right now than Vegas.
So they need to keep their momentum
and try to play a skill game
and try to figure out a different way than they've tried to,
then they have been winning the entire playoff long.
That at least from,
from a,
from a forward perspective,
from the back end,
Montour definitely needs to play like that,
where he needs to just start snapping it around and stop worrying about
hitting in general,
especially now with Gouda.
So they're going to miss that,
but you have to change
it up and then they gotta pray that they get the goaltending that they've gotten from bob
all playoff long i thought he was gonna cry on the bench last night do you see that shot of him
it looked like he was so defeated and that's the thing that vegas is doing they've taken their will
away and look at the guys that we've talked about bennett this guy is he playing i don't know is he
like he's not a non-factor he's not hit he can't hit anyone he's he's not involved i don't notice
him where's cousins besides he getting robbed on that one chance like i don't notice him anymore
does he create anything now like where have all these guys gone they're they're too big all those
guys are small guys, too.
They play.
I like their game, but it's like they've neutralized it with the way that Vegas is built, the depth that they have in the size.
And it's a mismatch.
They're too much.
I don't know what the injury is.
Maybe, Biz, you heard more, but not having Luz to Ryan.
Yeah, that was a huge loss.
He's a sneaky, quiet, just sound player.
And he's bigger. And all of a sudden, he's not in sound player and he's bigger and all of a sudden like
he's not in the lineup and gudas was injured coming into the game and it's just like everything's
setting up for haggie yeah that's what i was gonna say for haggie had that breakaway you
get a move off horrible move i know usually my x factor i mean it was my x are over you hear about
the injuries.
I don't know how much that Barkov injury from the last round is playing a factor
because he doesn't look very fast right now either.
And if he ain't himself, it's hard for those other guys on the line
because he's usually so good at distributing the puck
and getting it to them in those danger areas where I agree,
they've been completely neutralized and all the big guys,
nothing from Reinhardt,
nothing from Bennett, nothing from Verhage,
nothing from Duclair.
I mean, Kachuk looks half a step slower
and way less clutch at winning battles
and even getting to the blue paint.
And it's just, like I said,
if they continue these scrum antics,
it's going to the point where it's just kind of embarrassing.
They're embarrassing themselves.
It looks like they're not even really scrumming it
until the game's out of hand, too.
So then it's just like, what are you doing?
At least do something from the beginning.
It's almost like at the end of the games, when the game's over,
it becomes this gong show.
It's just, I just can't believe how good vegas is
i i guess i should have realized this but they're impossible to get through they're never giving up
odd man rushes they're never out of position in defensive zone it's like it's like a perfect team
right now all right before we go any further here's a word from our friends at shady rays
take on the sun with dear bill to last our friends at shady rays take on the sun with gear
built to last our friends at shady rays have you covered for the warm weather ahead with premium
polarized shades at an affordable price shady rays is an independent sunglasses company that
offers a world-class product that's just as good as any expensive pair we've worn durable frames
and extremely clear optics for all your outdoor adventures
and that's not all shady rays offers the most insane protection in all of eyewear every pair
of glasses is backed by lost and broken replacements it doesn't stop at the quality
shady rays offers the most insane protection program in all of eyewear each pair of their
sunglasses are backed by their lost and
broken program if you lose or break your pair even on day one or year two they will send you
a brand new pair look at these bad boys i'm probably like my 10th pair you look good you
feel good you shady raise and together with their customers shady raises providing much needed
support to non-profit partners across the u U S through shady raise impact from building play sets for pediatric cancer patients to providing
young adults with MS,
the outdoor adventure of a lifetime shady raises,
making an impact in your community and others like it now.
And for years to come,
if you don't love them,
exchange it for a new pair or return them for free within 30 days.
There's no risk when you shop at shady raise,
their team always has your back.
Exclusively for our listeners,
Shady Rays has given out their best deal of the season.
Go to ShadyRays.com and use the code CHICKLETS
for 50 off two or more pairs of polarized sunglasses.
The best deal on the internet.
Basically, buy one, get one free for these bad boys.
Once again, ShadyRays.com, code CHICKLETS. Buy one, get one free. Enjoy. The best shades on the internet. Basically, buy one, get one free for these bad boys. Once again, ShadyRays.com.
Code CHICKLETS.
Buy one, get one free.
Enjoy.
The best shades out there.
I want to ask you, if Gutis is going to be out for the rest of the series,
how much does that hurt Florida's chances?
I mean, he doesn't score a lot of points,
but these guys don't have to look over their shoulder every time
when he's on the ice, you know what I mean?
Yeah, like situationally, I think he's big.
He blocks shots.
He's physical.
He compliments a D pairing pretty well through their lineup.
I think that's huge.
We've done nothing but talk about how big of a difference maker he's been.
And it's not because of the points or goals at all.
It's just his presence on the ice of what he means to this team.
So, I mean, we all know he's reckless.
And there's value to that in your lineup.
But, I mean, to miss him for them is massive,
especially considering all the things we talk about
and size disparity with teams and having the ability
to play down low on entries.
Vegas is just carving into their zone easily,
and you have a wild card like Gutis who might just come
out of nowhere like a psycho so it's it's big it's a ma all right it's a massive loss to have that guy out of the
lineup just because of the of the i guess you say x factor of his play that it is and complimenting
his partner as well like he's been he's been super important to this team through the playoffs
like really important have you guys how many times have you guys seen the flip play from florida in the series they can't they they have no time to even flip it out
let alone make a tape to tape zero time and back to barbachev like so vegas traded zach dean who
was a late first round pick i think like two years ago maybe a year ago i. I mean, this kid could end up
being an incredible player for the Blues
and I'm sure Doug Armstrong's hoping he pans
out and he's got the pedigree, but
did you have any
idea that this guy was like this? Like, I
knew he was physical. I didn't understand
how good of a passer he was.
He is a wrecking ball.
Like, did you know this, Biz?
Did you? this, Biz?
I didn't know he could make plays the way he's making plays.
We all knew that he could cave guys in.
I mean, going back to last year's playoff against the Colorado Avalanche,
he's the one who took out Sam Gerrard.
He's like, what's this thing in the middle? He broke his sternum.
He broke his sternum.
That's why I say he's built like a cigarette machine.
If he's got his low center of gravity, his knees bent and he catches you,
it's worse than it's worse than getting hit by Sam Bennett in the trolley
tracks. He'll snatch your soul just like him.
But what he's been able to do in order to create and,
and just keep plays alive and work in on those top lines. Like it's such a,
it's such a huge ad. And, uh and that's why I keep complimenting this brass
for the Golden Knights and all the moves they've made.
And no, I had no idea he had this level of game.
And I would say in the last two months,
he's probably added another 20 million to his pocket.
Wow.
You've got to think, he's getting five, years at he's getting five six years at five
million a year right i would say i would say yes i and i i the problem with vegas is like you said
they're so far over the cap they probably won't be able to afford to keep him but if you're another
team yeah i say he's he's easily he's easily getting five six years at five million bucks
for me he's he what i'm seeing from him is a guy that can play with good players.
We're seeing that, right?
We're seeing a guy that can find those layers in playmaking ability,
a guy that's not afraid to get pucks in hard areas.
He's actually really good at it.
And then an X factor, he'll snatch your soul.
And it's like, how is that not a compliment to any team's top two lines
as a winger to be able to have that in your lineup?
Because, you know, being good is one thing, but being good, but being a beast like that is another whole thing altogether.
Talk about guys that are just impossible to find.
And even the guy, even the biz, Amadio, like who, whatever.
So from the soup, that little little touch pass he gives howden on
the seven nasty mets it's insane i'm like that guy's making plays like that like it's just the
whole team is nobody nobody nobody is out there just like kind of trying to survive like oh if i
get the puck i'm going off the glass that they all make plays guys who i didn't even know could
make plays are just making these beautiful little touch passes it's i can't say enough about this team i think uh i think it just
reiterates the fact that if you're a small soft team with with no heart you don't have a chicken
dicks chance of lifting lord stanley you need to have fucking brass balls going into every game
and fucking work and just thumping away and as a
Leafs fan it makes me very envious of what they've built and now I know what direction we need to go
in and that's without Kyle Dubas that's what I was gonna say like this finals has got to change
the way these teams are building like the last few years everybody's gone with these little skills
fast teams you're seeing these like men teams, these big boys.
Like if I'm a GM, that's all I'm trying to do.
I'm trying to like mimic all these teams that are here.
I'm going to Daryl Sutter's farm to draft players.
That's where I'm going.
At least on D, right, Murr?
At least on D, if anything.
Hey, you said it on the group chat, though.
Remember, Busy?
It was last night.
You're like, remember, everybody was talking about the East.
And it's so funny because we get on here and Witt brings up Edmonton,
a great point.
And then we see this Vegas team.
We saw how they had to get through the Stars even, too.
Do you think the Stars would be doing this?
I think the Stars would be up 2-0 on Florida.
I'm like.
Well, that's the thing.
We've been talking about me and Miggs before we go to games.
Dude, they got Hellebuck.
They got to him. Then they made Ottinger
look like a peewee goalie at times.
He got him, and now they're getting Bobrovsky.
They handled Leon
and McDavid.
Every goalie they've faced
is at like an 880 save percentage.
They're just smashing anyone.
It doesn't matter.
That must be so fun, hey? That must be so fun. at like an 880 save percentage. Like they're just, they're smashing anyone. It doesn't matter. So yeah.
That must be so fun.
Hey, that must be so fun.
I think this must be the most fun team
to ever be a part of.
It's like, oh,
you're going to try to bully us?
We'll probably shove your ass.
I was at their practice facility,
by the way, stunning practice facility.
Really?
That Foley yard.
Did you see Merle's there?
Did you see Merle's in there
sniffing around,
trying to get scoops? I've been there a couple times i'm gonna i've been over
biz great locker room setup and stuff oh it's it's just it's first class they were saying how uh
the owner he owns a bunch of land in montana and before the season starts he flies out the whole
team and trainers he's got his own private golf course on i think he owns like 40 000 acres he
just has they go skeet shooting they go wild fishing they go hunting they do whatever the
fuck they want on his so he just treats them like gold and they built this 30 million dollar
practice facility uh they have a car washer out in the back who washes and details all the guys
cars while they're at practice like they just
they treat these guys like gold and and and i actually ran into eichel because i was interviewing
all the guys in the locker room and i mean he just said he's like buddy it's a joke he goes like
everyone loves it here everyone lives within five ten minutes of the rink the schools are
unbelievable it's sunny all the time it's just speaking... Speaking of that, speaking of having fun,
Aiden Hill in his post-game press conference last night said,
it's probably the most fun I've ever had playing hockey.
I'm just living in the moment.
So just to double down on what you guys said.
They're just loving it.
Trucking everyone.
It's just they got the most...
And then another nugget,
I think that they tied the Islanders for the most goals
through the first two games of a Stanley Cup final with 12?
R.A.?
Nine goal scorers is the most ever
over the first two games of a Stanley Cup. I know they
have that one as well.
Game one was their ninth
comeback win of these playoffs, which is
second all-time. I think another one
will tie the record, which is held by
the Avalanche last year and the 0-9
Penguins as well.
I'll ask you this one. They'll tie the record, which is held by the Avalanche last year and the 09 Penguins as well. So setting records.
I'll ask you this one.
You asked, oh, what do they have to do to get in the series?
When Boston was down 0-2 to Vancouver,
was Vancouver that much drastically better in the first two games?
Did they get slaughtered or did it not load off?
It was overtime.
One of them, I remember.
Yeah, they were very close games.
And then, of course, they went back to Boston and fucking Vancouver shriveled once they got another TD gotten.
But they were very close games those first two.
I was actually thinking about that, Biz.
And because I thought about that last night.
Like, what are the chances?
Austin started just bullying them.
Remember Marshawn just punching Sadin in the face and not doing anything?
So, like, right away, it's like, all right, they went to overtime in one of the games in van.
Then they beat the shit out of him, boss.
And like, that's not happening.
They need the first goal.
They need to get out to a lead.
If they go down again, they're fucked.
I'll tell you what it reminds me of was, though, is the Rangers Devils, that first round series.
When I went to both those Rangers games, the Devils looked terrible.
The Rangers ran them out of the building both times on the road,
and it reminds me of that.
So as much as I think, like, oh, this thing's over,
I got to remember that, and Florida's going back home,
so they'll get a little boost there.
Can you imagine going to Foley's house and, like, going partying with them,
and you just show up there, and he's like,
all right, boys, here's my 40-acre ranch. You can do whatever you want we got 40 000 acre 40 sorry 40 000 acre ranch you can go
fishing you could have servants come and bring us our food later for everyone you guys want to go
hunting and we can you know shoot some wild game even fuck it we'll kill some humans
just set some assholes and go ride the horses wellness retreat for weight down the road
pick him up tomorrow i mean what's holy's money from all right you know how he made all his like
i don't know is it tech what does he do is it i don't know but he just animal he just bought a
soccer team a couple years ago at 300 million it's worth 600
million now doesn't he have a winery too like he was like somewhere get rich that's all they do
there's a booth a wine booth in the arena of all his wines right really because i remember watching
the regional broadcast and he'd have like commercials of guys like over at like cheersing
with wine like players off the team were doing the commercials for him and stuff.
If he wants like those local ones.
Hi,
I'm not country.
And I've just been traded,
but please try this wine.
Yeah.
Fidelity financial.
It says fully.
He went to West point.
That's why they're called the golden nights or whatever.
Both team owners.
Uh,
Vinnie Viola went to West point as well.
Both teams.
Yeah.
And actually,
yeah,
there was a lawsuit with that, Merle,
because they wanted to name them Gold Knights and Army
as the Black Knights. I don't know
if that went full through court, but yeah, they
ended up kind of hammering it out. Merle, I want to ask you
the Cats power play, 0-7,
they've been pretty bad all year. What do you see
that they're not doing right, or is it just they don't have
the personnel to have that good of a power play? What's your
take on that? Yeah, it's more just
Vegas being so big and strong
and they just don't give them anything.
When I'm sitting there, I feel no threat
at all that Florida's going to score.
I got my next bet going and I'm
just like, this is a good thing.
They're not even going to score.
It's been a master class and
it's...
I don't see anything like they're doing terribly
wrong. It's just Vegas is better.
Well, in the first period, Biz, remember the little,
the one power play Florida had in the first.
They could have went up two nothing.
Game two or game one?
Game two.
Oh, okay.
They had five shots last night.
Oh, it was a flurry on Hill.
It was a flurry.
And all of a sudden Hill made a bunch of big saves.
It was like, oh, that was a chance for them to kind of get things going and they actually did have a great power play but
it's almost and then what happened they went right down and scored they went vegas went right down
and scored so it's like oh well that's the exact thing florida couldn't have happened yeah even in
game one they were up one nothing florida and kachuk hit the post on the power play that would
have made it two and then same thing right back the other way and so for you guys in the barn my wrists are sore from
stroking these guys off are we done blowing i just wanted to ask about the power play like
because you're a power play guy do you get stuck like sticking to the plan like oh we have to pass
it to this flank then then cut it through the seam and then look for a shot pass.
And then like,
that's all you get in your head is because to me,
I'm watching them and it looks like it looks robot to robotic.
Like they need to be like two passes shot and then retrieval set it up
again.
The problem is,
is when you try to do that and then like,
I would say that the one of Florida's biggest
weaknesses right now is they're getting everything
blocked. I don't know if you say great job
by Vegas blocking the shots or you kind
of chirp Florida in terms of like you got to get it by
the first guy like get it get
it by the first guy's shin pads and then it's at
least in the slot or the crease and something
can happen with what management
had it solved. They picked up
Martinez. They hadcnab two best shot
blockers in the nhl during the regular season number one and two any way you look they have
it figured out i know the misfits ran out the mojo i've been saying it from the beginning right
r.a the misfits would run out the mojo.
I want to go to Stone's goal in the first game, the insurance goal.
Did you think that was coming down, Biz?
Because the stick looked a little high.
It looked like it might have been a little high.
Did you think it should have counted?
I thought it was too even, and he was bending his knees,
and he was also tilted one way because he was turning on his edge.
So I felt it was the
right call i mean i don't know how that was the fourth goal to make it four two right yeah
backbreaker yeah it didn't end up it didn't end up making a difference but uh no definitely not
the reason why uh why florida lost and i thought it was the right call and once again an unreal
stone celebration and then we had one in game two. How about the play where he broke his stick, lit up Montour,
goes and gets it from the trainer and makes a sick pass over for the goal.
And then he's just losing his mind.
We got to talk about it postgame.
I forget what his crack was.
He came in swinging with a joke.
He's a horse.
Krusty the Clown.
Just dominating.
I'm actually very happy they kept that goal
because it's obviously crossbar is the height
for a goal to get called back,
but for a high stick, it's your shoulder.
And the behind camera view, it was too close.
Maybe if they'd called it a high stick,
well, I guess if you call it a high stick on the ice,
you wouldn't have had a chance to shoot it in.
But for me, I think that stays up.
And it was such a beautiful play
to knock that down on a midair, he's he's the master of the hand eye and uh on nhl network uh rupper mike
johnson and brian boyle were on the ice at the arena they had one of his sticks they were talking
about the knob it's like a tennis racket they said and then they were saying how big his stick
his stick like when he's when he's in skates it's still up to his nose it's huge and he's knocking
down pucks everywhere.
And then he just like no stick handle, just flicks it top shelf.
I was happy that that goal stayed.
It was too much of a beauty to pull back.
Maniac.
The maniac's on fire.
You guys turped him about his sellies.
How hard he sellies too.
Oh my God.
This guy goes crazy.
Those equipment guys are amazing though.
They don't even look.
They just like go like this with their hand and they know where the guy is.
They pull it out and get it out there.
It's like Barry,
that,
that,
that guy from Colvin.
It's like,
Oh,
there it is.
We can't avoid them.
That's funny.
Before we go any further,
here's a word from our friends at dollar shave club.
Dollar shave club is an innovative company.
Disrupted the shave industry over a decade ago and now disrupting the electric grooming category. Dollar Shave Club makes and
delivers high quality shaving and grooming products for both men and women to help you look,
feel, and smell your best. Trimming your facial hair and balls on the same trimmer is gross.
One head for your body, one for your face with guards for each head.
It's waterproof and includes a travel bag.
Shave in the shower or on the go when you travel and whatnot.
And it's got an LED light and a diamond grip on the base.
Always see where you're going, never slip up.
And it's a great battery as well.
You get 90 minutes of shaving time.
and it's a great battery as well.
You get 90 minutes of shaving time.
So go to dollarshaveclub.com and use the promo code CHICKLETS
to get 15 off the new
double header electric trimmer.
Limited time only.
Offer expires June 30th, 2023.
All right, we're going to throw
to our interview in one minute.
We have Shane Knighty.
He does TV work
for the Vegas Golden Knights
where I was here in Boston
for a stretch too.
But I want to ask you, Merle,
what does Florida have to do to get back in the
series?
Obviously,
obviously what a game,
but what do they need to do?
What do they need to change?
Trade for Looch.
Yeah.
I mean,
like Whit said earlier,
you got to score that first goal somehow,
get that barn rocking.
And then you're going to,
we're going to need to Bob,
but Brodsky to just have one of those games because Vegas is going to get
those chances.
So the only,
the only way is if they fucking board Con Air on the way over to Florida.
That's it.
That's the only fucking way they're not fucking winning any more games.
Guys, we have a little bit of breaking news here before we go to Shane Knighty.
I just want to get your instant reaction.
We can talk about it after the interview, but I don't know if you guys have checked
your phone.
The internet's kind of freaking out.
So the PGA Tour
has just announced that they will be merging
with Live Golf. What?
I saw that too just now. I didn't know what it was.
Shut the fuck up. That's what it is?
Yep. The PGA Tour has announced
a merger with Saudi Backs, Live Golf.
The PGA Tour and Dubas should merge together
too. Talk about these two.
What the fuck? They merged with Live?
Go look at Dave Port Hornoy's Twitter feed.
He's burying them.
Can you imagine being a tour player who turned down
130 million?
They did not tell the tour players
before the announcement.
Oh my god, dude. Imagine turning down
100 million and now they're just the same league?
Hey, time out.
Imagine
who's the one who's Tiger's buddy there who was number one for a while
mcelroy yeah he's he's been like oh he's been he's been he's been he's been drinking their juice
and and defending the tour and obviously not going to secure his bag which i'm sure he's made enough
money probably hey tiger could have tiger could
have made a billion dollars from live how do you think he fucking feels hey colin morikawa has just
tweeted i love finding out morning news on twitter and everyone thought yesterday was the longest day
in golf dude i'm telling you they've been so against this that's pathetic oh my god imagine
what that brandel chamblee is probably crying
in his bowl of morning soup right now.
What did he get offered? No, Brandel
Chamblee is this TV analyst
who's been going nuts about Liv since
the day... Wow, this is nuts.
Brooks Koepka just tweeted,
welfare check on Chamblee.
Oh my God. Holy shit, man.
That's a big time... hey oh the money the blood money we would never
scott oh my god money it's pathetic it's it's actually what an absolute full of shit do you
think all the media people that do you think all the media people that were on the pga side with
all that stuff are are going to continue to work with golf or do you think those heroes do you think those fucking heroes are do you think those heroes are
going to come in and go i can't yeah no i quit i quit i can't work for the company that is fucking
crazy and the players didn't know oh i gotta get after we finish i cannot wait to read i got i saw
the only reason why i saw it because I saw Mackenzie Hughes, Canadian.
Nothing like finding out through Twitter that we're merging with a tour that we said we'd never do that with.
Phil Mickelson has chimed in and he just said, oh, awesome day today with a smiley face.
Yeah, Phil won.
Phil won from secession.
He won.
Let's play.
All right.
So what's it going to do?
They're all going to go back to playing like PGA, like the four days.
But here's what I don't understand is the numbers.
The numbers for live were pathetic from a broadcasting standpoint.
Why wouldn't they just let it die?
I don't know.
There's got to be more of this story going there.
Oh, my God.
All the meetings the tour had with the players and it's our tour and the blood money
the competition meetings about how they make it better and revolutionize it that's why i said like
they had mackleroy drinking their kool-aid and just bashing all these fucking guys for going to
do it they make him look like a fucking moron he looks like a fucking moron right now and you know
what how much time and energy he spent like defending the tour.
He's probably bullshit right now.
800 million.
Just imagine being a guy that got offered a hundred million dollars.
800 million Tiger turned down.
I know,
but at least he's like a billionaire.
Like I know what you're saying.
Like,
but from my understanding,
the reason that he turned it down is because the amount of dirt that the PGA
tour has on Tiger.
No, it was our legacy. I'm all about my legacy everyone oh oh really because now you're getting run by the saudis just exactly like you said would never happen still not as slimy as
kyle dubas but pretty slimy oh no it's like i'm hot i gotta stick up for my guy
you're a fucking defender i'm'm a Dubas guy now.
You don't, hey, you don't think he had that fucking deal lined up?
You don't think he already had that fucking deal lined up?
He might have.
That tampering, that tampering bullshit.
I'm off the Penguins train.
There's no way.
You're quitting the team that you have to do.
I'm off the fucking Penguins train.
I'm off them.
Holy shit.
And you know what? And you know what?
And you know what else?
I think that it was a fucking conflict of interest
that the fact that Dubas was with that agency
and the fact that they gave Matthews the bag.
Same fucking agency.
It's all corrupt.
It's all corrupt.
Look what the PGA did to Biz.
It broke Biz too.
He just lost his mind.
I am no longer a Doobie defender.
I'm off the Doobie train.
He unfollowed me on Twitter.
I unfollowed him back.
I'm out for blood.
Hey, explain the Doobie's exact signing.
And then I have an opinion as well.
Actually, wait till he signs Barbashev.
We got to go to our interview.
Our interview first. We're going to come back and do all
the Fred Offen stuff. Sheriff Shane Knighty, an amazing
interview. He played for a lot
of teams. He won the Stanley Cup in his
last pro season. He's now the color
commentator for the Vegas Golden
Knights. And I'll say before we go to him,
thank God we didn't interview a
Florida person after the way these first
two games have gone. So Sheriff Shane Knighty right now.
Check him out.
Leafs forever, Doobie.
Leafs forever.
This interview is presented by Chevy.
You guys all know we've made it clear we're a big part of the Chevy EV family.
And we have even bigger news.
The first ever all-electric Silverado is officially Barstool and Spittin' Chickle's most valuable truck.
We got the chance to see this thing and experience it. It is a complete game changer.
400-mile GM estimated range on a full charge, over 10 feet of length in the bed with the
multi-flex tailgate combined with the multi-flex mid-gate, a large, enormous 17-inch diagonal
display screen. It can tow up to 10,000 pounds of max towing
and zero to 60 in under 4.5 seconds with the wow mode.
Also, don't forget an impressive 785 foot pounds of torque.
Head on over to chevy.com to learn more right now.
chevy.com, the new EV Silverado,
the most valuable truck in the game.
Well, folks, it's an absolute pleasure.
Pleasure right now to be joined by the Sheriff Shane Knighty, a Stanley Cup winner,
the current TV analyst for the Vegas Golden Knights who are about to get going in the Stanley Cup final.
And this guy's got a backdrop that looks fake.
It's so good out in Vegas right now.
So why are you doing, Shane?
I'm doing great.
Yeah, this is the backdrop.
It's not by choice.
It's just I got a full household.
Yeah, I'm not in Nipaw, Manitoba right now where I'm from.
I'm not in my parents' backyard.
I'll tell you that.
How many kids you got?
How many you been dumping a lot of loads or what?
Well, yeah.
Well, a long time. Now it's just blanks but i've got them right i got four between uh 16 to 25 oh my goodness a lot of kleenex around the how many boys wow so you're just
you're in the midst of the the big steam oh jesus and i'm just he is proof that we are not a smart species.
It's just the things that happen.
And then I work with his team and all those kids that age.
It just takes you back.
And boy, boys, men, males, we got a lot to learn.
Rocks for brains.
Wait, can he snap at D to D though?
Or can he snap at tape to tape?
He's a forward.
He's a forward. He's a one-way straight straight he's easily like red line and he's great you got him working in
vegas yet is he working there yet nights you got him set up at labels paper casino is he running
valet is he doing valet driving he should because the tips no he's working he just works at that
he works at city national arena he goes and helps out there, a little rink rat.
That's good.
A lot of the kids do.
That's good for them.
So take us through kind of how you got to where you're at with the Golden Knights.
I mean, it's just been an incredible six-year run for this team.
What was your beginning to getting involved there?
How did it all go down?
Well, I was with the Winnipeg Jets, right?
I was working at TSN.
I was there.
That's how I got into broadcasting.
Originally, I got the call from TSN.
I hadn't even retired yet.
This is how the team had moved from Atlanta to Winnipeg, and it was August of 2011.
It was literally my day with the Cup.
I was in a limo with my family, my parents, my brother, his family, because the drive
from Winnipeg, the only airport to Neipua, Manitoba, where I'm from.
It's still a two-hour drive, but I got a call, and they asked if I'd
be interested, and I said, well,
give me a minute. Let me think about it. Today's probably
not a great day. I'll call you in a couple.
And anyways, it worked out. Loved working
with Winnipeg. That's my own province,
but
when this Vegas thing came, I think everybody
threw their hat in the ring. If you were in the business,
you wanted to be part of it.
And I had a feeling that it was going to be successful.
Not my wildest dreams to what it has become.
But I was lucky enough.
Yeah, it was kind of a rush summer.
I loved TSN was terrific.
I got, you know, I got to work a lot there.
They pretty much groomed me for broadcasting from radio.
Then I went to TV and then started doing national, then international.
It's a great place to kind of learn the craft.
And then, yeah, I had the opportunity to come here.
And, yeah, year one was something special.
We kind of, we did a, I was talking to business buddy Gary today.
We were talking with him and Dave Gosher.
And we were recapping, youpping, remembering that first year.
I remember us having conversations right at the beginning.
Okay, we're going to have some long nights.
How are we going to call these games?
There's going to be some absolute blow.
It's going to be a shitstorm.
And it never happened.
They just kept winning and winning and winning.
And then the next thing you know, they're in the final.
It was just  and I had this statement. I said that year that Gary likes.
I said, you know, in all the years, everybody  well, now 32 teams.
If you don't win the Cup, season's a loss.
I would say that's the only time I've been a part of something
where they didn't win the Cup but didn't matter that season.
That was a success.
And to me, the most  you're a big sport guy.
Is there a more historic inaugural season in sport than that first year?
Not that, not that I could think of.
I wouldn't be good with like first year MLB or NBA teams.
Yeah.
It was, I mean, you guys were using my,
one of the things I said from NHL network on the pregame on the ice show
for half the season,
when I said they're going to be the doormat for the entire league.
Funny you said everyone threw their hat in the ring for Vegas.
I remember, I think I, no, I don't think.
I know I tried to become a scout for them.
And they, I don't remember who it was that told me to take.
Yeah, it was just, look, it was before the pod.
I was like, I don't know what to do.
I have to do something.
Maybe I'll scout for them.
The guy's like, yeah, we're all set.
I'm like, I'm going to start a show and just carve all these people.
That's unreal.
It's such a great idea.
You guys kill it, by the way.
Oh, no, no.
I appreciate that.
But it's a great place to work, right?
Because, and you mentioned Dave Gosher.
He was doing radio for the Bruins.
And I think most Bruins fans would say they were kind of hoping he'd end up
taking over for TV. And you guys grabbed him. I think he's one of the best they were kind of hoping he'd end up taking over for TV
and you guys grabbed him. I think he's one of the best in the league play by play.
Terrific. And you know, great friend. We have a ton of fun. Yeah. He's got an incredible call,
great voice. And he only has one regret that he never patented get the ducks boats ready
because he was the first one. And how many times have they used it since?
Oh, I don't know. Dave Portnoy is going to have a problem with that one. He claims he was the first one. And how many times have they used it since? Oh, I don't know. Dave Portnoy's
going to have a problem with that one.
He claims he's the first one.
I'd love it if it wasn't that Muffet
and it's actual Goshen.
Dave doesn't, but he's
from what I know, when we won in 2011,
then it was used after that. Obviously
Boston Sports, they kept winning, but
there. I got you guys a little
bit of homework. There you go. we'll put our research team on it yeah
uh Shane I was gonna ask you like how grateful are you like looking back that right out of playing
you took that job because sometimes it's it's not as easy to transition and for three other guys on
the line here like I'm so grateful to Rich Nairn and the coyotes that i got the opportunity to do it because those jobs are hard to come by and who who is like the who
are the original guys to kind of take you under their wing because i had uh tyson nash bob heat
house uh matt mcconnell like so many great people here where i had a soft landing yeah it really was
and you know it's a good thing i'm not qualified and much else
so that kind of narrowed it down immediately it's like um and for me you know i i i didn't i didn't
score goals i didn't have wit you know i didn't have a you know it was a great career i'm never
going to complain and it came out of it and i knew i had to do something right away and uh yeah i was
fortunate tsn there's a lot of great people.
Paul Graham, number one, really looked after me there.
He's the executive director of, you know, runs a lot.
Angus Mark Mayhew, I'm not sure if he's there anymore.
And then once I got to the Winnipeg Jets, to me, I put him up there.
I know, you know, I love Bob Cole, all the great commenters.
Dennis Bayak was like a huge mentor to me. Yeah, he's he i put him up there i know you know i love bob cole all the great commenters dennis bayak was like a huge mentor to me and uh he's really yeah he's top notch that guy too he's such
quality and you know he taught me how you had to work at it he taught me how to prep for it he
taught me how to speak and you know i think it's like anything else doing radio help first as well
um because it's reps ryan munns was part of that's who was
my first partner to help you know you get reps and then you learn from that you move on so everybody
there and you know dennis back paul edmonds anybody i did play by play with you know really
helped me along the way and uh you know it so radio was great the best thing was i think it was
they started as brian englom and maybe Mike Johnson rotating
in TV.
And some reason nobody could make it.
I think it was year two.
They're like, they gave me some wireless mics.
They threw me between the benches.
They said, go.
And that's, you know, I was like, oh, this is cool.
I get to mark all the plays.
They get to watch.
And it's tough for a guy.
Like when I played and you're on the ice, I was looking in the crowd.
I'm looking everywhere.
But between the benches now, I'm like, I got to really focus here.
I'm talking to a director, producer.
So that's what I went.
I went home that night and I said, okay, now I know what I want to do.
I want to do TV.
Yeah.
I think that's the best, too.
I've gotten a chance to do all that, like, same steps as you, Nides.
And, you know, one thing I think of, and I don't know if you can remember
through your lengthy career, some time in the minors,
all the teams you played on. Which league? i the a the e like you almost have all the alphabets covered
but it's like uh would you could you imagine you're doing you're doing what you're doing now
was it like your teammates said anything to you was it your parents was it your agent that was
like you know shane you might want to think about this or how did this just hit you that you would
be good at this?
Or was it just something that kind of fell in your lap as an opportunity?
I think it fell in my lap.
I remember I used to go out in Boston on the Hillman Morning Show,
and I loved that.
So I kind of had an inkling.
I'm like, this is pretty cool.
I think Lyndon Byers was on there, and they had fun.
And I was like, that was the first time I went in studio.
And I'm like, these guys have some fun.
Maybe something like this.
And it's funny. When we were in went in studio, and I'm like, these guys have some fun, maybe something like this. And it's funny.
When we were in Boston, Matt Chimera was like,
because Sean Thornton and I used to go back and forth.
We were best friends.
He's like, oh, you guys should do like an HBO special
where you guys just go out and talk, which you guys are doing now,
but this was back in like 2010.
We're like, oh, no, that's crazy.
There's no way that'll kill our careers.
We'll be kicked out of the league so so i always had an inkling of talking about hockey and you know it wasn't a
far move for me to move to to between the benches from between the forwards indeed i had a great
view there so and i that always been my strength was watching the game you know I took a lot of whatever skill I had
that was good enough and enough things I was tough enough not tough but tough enough to hang in there
and do whatever and willing I guess willing is a better word for that to do whatever it was to
stay in the league Shane it's funny you say that because like all the local radio I would do I
would do KUPD in Arizona like I got into some riff with a porn star at one point on this local radio I would do, I would do K U P D in Arizona. Like I got into some riff with a
porn star at one point on this local radio show in Arizona, but that's where I kind of was like,
Oh, this would be cool doing something in media along with, with the Twitter aspect about it.
But, uh, it's just funny that you, that related to that. And also from the, I was a, I was a
grocery stick too, right? I separated the D and the the forwards and because i wasn't playing as much
i got more opportunity to just observe all these different guys in these different positions like
yeah like kind of watching what sean burke was doing with the goalies like how the fuck are
these guys playing so good all of a sudden and whatever the d were doing or whatever the top
guys were doing on the power play so enough to siphon from it to maybe understand it or and
explain it on radio or whatever you may be.
And that's how you learn the game, right?
Watching.
That's what we do.
That's why I'm glad Tortorella came out and then Cassidy.
Get rid of these iPads for guys.
When you're playing a game, you should be watching.
Cassidy moved it just to timeouts for them to use it.
I know Tortorella took them off.
But that's, you know, we're getting their high school team.
They don't watch, do they? They don't watch games they watch tiktok it's all clips all clips i'm like watch
your damn game fans models we're gonna learn yeah and do you guys know before i won with boston i
was almost business teammate really you remember this 20 i went to 2010 as a free agent well i
couldn't get i couldn't get insurance i didn't have a contract
because my body that's right yeah we were and so i stayed with derek morris so mo i called him up i
was living with him in camp and literally i had a good start to camp it was a few days before they
were heading to prague my agents like okay they want to get something done in that practice i got
hit and i felt like a click oh and i held off as long as i could end up being
rotator cuff uh so but my favorite story bit i don't remember we went to the sushi place it's a
long bar sushi and this was right when twitter like we had no idea you know what you guys would
have been saying what's this this guy's on twitter i remember he got it was right in time you got in
trouble for something about grooming with women.
Oh, yeah.
On the Twitter, and Maloney made you get off.
Yeah, I got a big pee-pee whack from Don Maloney.
That was probably one of them before.
And then I remember we all ordered sushi, and I was like, I'm sitting there.
I'm the only guy.
I know you came late, and all of a sudden they're like, no, he has your order.
Biz has got these chomping
down.
Shut the fuck up.
This guy's a mutant
to eat with.
I thought it was community.
I thought it was community.
Anyways, that's my biz story.
Yans is going to be listening to this and
finding a way to get in touch with you and he's going to be like
this fucking idiot
when he eats.
What do you want to get to share? You want to get something to share?
I'm like, I'm getting this steak.
You want to share it? You want to share it?
Get this guy away from my table.
I haven't picked out my own meal
in five years of working.
He just picks out everyone for me at this point.
I'm not as bad as R.A. though.
R.A. will just fall asleep.
It's funny, though.
You brought up Cassidy and the iPads,
and what a turnaround for this team going from not making playoffs
to where they are now.
And a big component as to why we wanted to get you on
was to break down this team who set the potential to win a Stanley Cup.
It's been a retooling.
There's been no love lost in some of the moves they've made.
It's been very cutthroat, but it seems like they have a very good concoction in order
to potentially lift Lord Stanley with this Golden Knights team.
And it started when they lost, right?
They lost to Washington in year one.
Washington was a better team, right?
George McPhee is incredibly smart.
Kelly McCrimmon.
They looked at their team and they're like,
and they watched the winners.
You've got to have a stud defenseman.
You've got to have a number one center.
So it's taking time.
You need some X factors in there.
So, you know, they acquire Stone.
They acquire Alex Petrangelo.
They acquire Jack Eichel, which finally, I think,
was kind of that final piece for them.
And then they, you know they somehow
they managed to get more guys around that um and this is the best team they've constructed but they
did it with a mindset of a four line they wanted depth they wanted it down the middle and they
wanted a big mobile decor that was it to fit in and then bring in a guy like bruce cassidy
that plays that kind of hybrid zone system,
which to me, I think it came off from like Claude Julien.
We played that under him in Boston.
I think Cassidy took it, evolved it.
I think this year Montgomery kept it, just added the offensive layers to Boston's game.
So Cassidy came in and he totally changed that defensive zone now where it's handoffs
and it's communication.
It took them a little while to get it's handoffs and it's communication. It took
them a little while to get it. And this is a deep team. It's all year long. They've found ways to
win. And I think they didn't have a 30 goal score and they didn't have a 70 point guy and they still
won the West and now they're in the finals. So it's the way they constructed the group. It's
the way they wanted to play. Cassidy is a really good guy at adjustments in game.
He's really got a little bit of the old school accountability factor.
Oh, yeah.
And I like that.
You make a mistake, they go right to him.
He's motherfucking the guy.
He said it.
In preseason, he sat Marcia.
So he sat, he took guy like this is the way it's going to be.
It's not going to just be, you know, the business, the 90s of it.
We're going to throw anybody down here, you know, if you're's going to be. It's not going to just be, you know, the business, the nineties of it. We're going to, we're going to throw anybody down here. Uh, you know, if you're not going to
perform. So I think that was said early and then they've just built their game all year long.
The only thing, and he's used it a lot as he says, this team can get stubborn a little bit
and get away from their game a little lax. I think you saw that in game four and five
against Dallas and then maybe their best game they play, well, not maybe, their best game all playoffs
was game six against Dallas.
They played well against, story with the Oilers in five, six.
They had ability to turn it up.
And I think they just wear teams down
because they roll four lines.
Like you guys hear Cassidy's,
they got a little blurb of a speech.
He said, boys, we're not chasing matchups.
Four lines, six Ds tonight, let's go.
That was what he said heading into game six.
And that's the way they play.
Love that.
So kind of a long-winded question, but the team came out.
You mentioned the first season.
It was incredible.
And I think that created a sense of like, all right, well, we're good.
We got to stay good.
And they had these guys that made up like the original misfits.
But then, and I've been hard on them it as biz said it was cutthroat i mean they were gassing guys it was like get rid of him bring in him and and the stone deal and then they signed petro and they got
eichel but of all the people they've moved you look at the original six that were there at the
year that year i think it's mcnab theodore white cloud smith marshall year. I think it's McNabb, Theodore, White Cloud, Smith, Marshall Show, Carlson.
It's almost been like they've looked at those guys,
and White Cloud's come up the past few years even more.
But they were saying, this is our core of guys that were here
and that we don't want to move.
As much as everything else around them has changed,
and then look at what they're doing this playoff.
Yeah, and you missed one of my favorites.
White Cloud kind of came in.
I don't think it was in that playoff run, will carry it probably my favorite time fuck i didn't know
that i didn't know that either and then i read it this morning i forgot him of course he's got a
fucking melon on him he's a bison head eh he's so strong oh and he's one of the greatest dudes
like he's just a down he's like the mr fix it here on the team we did a pod with him he like
fixed like the sauna in the room he during covid he went back to quebec he built his own
house he's like he does cars the tool man taylor the four-ply dry roll right there fuck he should
be making three sheets but he just works and yeah you're right those guys like william carlson to
me everybody you know 43 goals that first year that's not him he hit
lightning in a bottle but he is having played with Patrice Bergeron and the reliability he has
Carlson's not there but he is he's a he's a real good version of that type of player
and right now he's heating up and he's got 10 goals he had 14 all season he's got 10 here in
the playoffs and he's just a horse too he's just a horse, too. He's just a horse. And Marshall
competes, too, as well. Both those
guys. I mean, Carlson was all over
McDavid. Yeah, he's a defensive shutdown
center, and now he's thrown in
the offense again.
I just look at the team, and
I picked Florida because I feel like
they're a team, but I haven't picked them once, so I'm
going to mush them. But I look at it
like, you can't get to the net against this team. They have four lines, like you said, but then all't picked them once, so I'm going to mush them. But I look at it like you can't get to the net
against this team. They have four
lines, like you said, but then all the D-men,
they're all monsters. They're all big and strong
and it goes to be said, it was similar.
Tampa had a bunch of big monsters on their
back end winning the Cups.
Length, right? They're long, so it's tough
to get to the inside when they play the right way.
And, you know, Nick Hague's the biggest. They're
6'6", whatever he is. He's a monster and he can move um you know petrandal every you
forget how big he is i see him every day i'm like he's a big dude he's six three like 250
and martinez is the smallest guy i think he's six one or six two 250 and he plays you know
and he plays big white club mcnab's a monster uh theodore you know he's
that different player there and he's the one player i'm expect i there's another gear to his
game and this is the time when they need to see it i think mcnab's like your guys's gudas it's
just like reckless he'll like steamroll guys he's a motherfucker to play against he's a prick
which leads me to like look at this lineup too like m a prick, which leads me to look at this lineup, too.
Like, McCrimmon comes in, and I look at the lineup, Nides,
and you and me, this is for us.
Woo, woo, woo.
Western boys.
Western boys.
11 guys.
Here we go.
11 guys on the roster.
Throw both, love their beers, Western guys, all through this lineup.
You know, McCrimmon went and got these guys but these are these are guys that just play hockey they're just
if you didn't sleep on a sleeper bus you can't play on our team even better there's four manitobans
four four yeah i think there's four howden how does our stone us our stone whom we're missing
there's one more right if you don't bail hay with, you ain't getting on the fucking
roster. If your hands haven't held a plow,
you ain't playing for the Golden Knights.
This is why I couldn't scope for the team.
Too soft to even scope for.
Too early.
They're like, let's see your ankles with.
They're like, let's see your ankles.
He's getting a pedicure at the fucking
golf club with a Mai Tai
in his hands.
Hey, have you looked at that
Weidman?
No offense, Weidman.
I was on the course.
No offense, Weidman.
I love it.
Weidman, good dude.
Awesome dude.
Going into your career a little bit,
I mean, you grinded, right?
I mean, you had a long time
playing in the minors.
Army mentioned the leagues
and there had to be a moment
when you're like,
I don't know if I'm ever getting a chance.
Or were you able to stay strong-willed in terms of,
I'm going to get there at some point?
Well, going from junior to Baton Rouge, Louisiana,
for the first inaugural season of hockey down there,
it was an eye-opener.
And my head coach, any guesses?
Oh, it was Pierre Maguire.
Pierre Maguire. Pierre Mag i was i was doing little
notes on you yeah and pierre was really influential he's the first guy so i went down there and
whatever i'm 20 or i came you know not even legal not i was drinking but it's you know
but they loved it like it was crazy it didn't last long i think it was initial surge they
thought this new sport was crazy we're in louisiana at baton rouge great spot to be and i was only there
a couple months and uh you know pierre was the first guy i ever said hey you if you keep working
this year you're gonna make it i got called up to saint john and you know i had coaches back then
that i was ready to quit the game probably paul Baxter, who I went to the Flames organization in St. John.
This guy was just a dick.
He almost had me quit hockey.
But I came back.
Then I moved to the IHL.
And Davey Allison was the head coach in Grand Rapids.
And he got my confidence back.
Travis Richards was the longtime defenseman there.
And he said, you're going to be partners
And he said nobody touches him
So I'm like alright
So that year I had like 22 majors
When you're 22 in the IHL then
You don't know who these guys
And half these guys that come down they can all fight
Like you know
There's no YouTube
Phil Crowe, Mel Engelstad
All these guys
There's no clips to watch So it's kind of figuring it out on the go.
But it was great, you know, and just continued to grind my way.
And then my first team I signed with, the wagon Red Wings,
in their midst of winning those two cups in the 90s.
And I think that you grew up a massive Iserman fan, correct? Where you had a poster
on your wall in your room and there's a
pretty cool story about when you finally
maybe I'm lying about the poster.
Maybe. No.
You actually did. It was a different poster.
This is pretty good.
I'm impressed. It was Carmen Electra
washing that car that every kid
had. It was Christina
Applegate. yeah but don't be
in an eiserman jersey yeah oh there you go yeah yeah fuck witt had the same fucking poster but
you ended up finally then getting to meet him and it was a pretty cool story of when he came up and
your first introduction to him no i did some great research yeah it was in red wings camp and i did i
grew up loving stevie eiser my mom might have loved him more, but loved Stevie.
And when we went to Red Wings Camp, you know,
we were rookies, and it was cool.
Like, there they did in Traverse City, and back then, like,
it was a Hall of Fame team.
Those guys would load the bus with clubs and beer
and go up to Traverse City to do main camp.
We would get to go do things, and we'd fish, and then we'd go.
Anyways, we're in a restaurant one night around the table and it's just all the sun guys and stevie y walks up and he's like the
captain and he just comes over he knew our names kind of knew where we played asked how we're doing
and all this i'm like wow this guy is you know not only grew up kind of idolizing him he's just
first class all the way just a tremendous human you can see why he's a leader and what he does
now is you know continues to to do everything with first class he's just uh a tremendous human
being a good research biz that uh i don't know where you just do all your names because you're
like i'm gonna be eventually training all you motherfuckers yeah it could have been that i'm
gonna be fucking bending other gms over with you guys and getting conditional picks, motherfuckers.
Yeah.
Every time there's a trade on,
I'll come over the ticker for Mike Elliott Friedman.
I'm like, does this guy have like a private investigator
following this other GM around and have some dirt on him?
Jesus, he hasn't lost a trade since he stepped in.
How many times retreated?
I actually was never traded.
Nobody wanted me i got
picked up off by waivers and as i always say as one man's trash is another man's treasure and
arizona got me doing fucking ku pd hits and the rest is history uh but uh i mean oh i was going
to ask you this one too and we go back to the original misfit about carlson is um you know
vegas being the team they are in a non-traditional
market, they kind of like this, give their players exposure. And you got the opportunity to go over
to Sweden and spend some time with them where you guys film some stuff for the Knights. Like,
what more did you get to know about him as a person? And I agree. I don't think I knew how
good he was defensively before this run. And he's really, once again, blossomed come these playoffs
times. Yeah, I got a chance. That was a good thing about these gold knights is they
got creative like in year one right from everything we saw from what the game presentation you know
everything you can do in vegas they're going to take advantage and i think we'll see more of it
here going into this but with carl saying yeah they asked me to do this origins piece kind of
go to his hometown you know see where he grew up go to
his parents house and just made me feel my parents never looked after my stuff like that they had his
whole room was like a hall of fame all his sweet gold helmets everything set up beautifully went
to his apartment he is a nice guy he's very quiet soft-spoken he's got a good humor to him but
he's just he's got such a good demeanor about him.
And I think that's why he's successful.
There's zero ego whatsoever on this guy, willing to do whatever it takes to play hard and condition.
So those Swedes work out.
So I did the workout with them one day, and they do the wind gate.
After a leg workout, they do three wind gate the one like after a leg workout they do three
wind gates with a 30 minute rest in between on tuesday i think it was tuesdays and thursdays
so i joined the one and i did one i think i did the second and i'm like i'm like i can't like he's
got one more any i'm like no i'm done but they like they train like that their legs are
you know those sweet any we've all played with a sweet for the ras out there can you describe the
wind gate after a workout like what the what the wind gate test is they drop the weight it's like
it's basically only a 40 30 to 45 second ride but they drop the weight depending on your weight
like it's like drive riding at the highest tension possible
and that 30 45 seconds feels like 10 minutes like i'd rather do you know what's the other one
where you ride forever that that wind gate sucks so bad and i thought i'd never that was that's
supposed to be the perk of never playing again it's never doing it but i went over there and i
they're like ah you you got to do this i'm like i'm not a young man anymore you must have been just having ptsd
from like doing it all the time so i got the worst and where i'm sure you got invited to the
nhl testing and that was the first time that i was able to do it and i would say the puke
ratio was a hundred guys did it 40 guys puked after doing it i'm older than you guys i know i missed
they never had rookie camps i was drafted in 94 like when speaking of those detroit camps i
remember before you go to traverse city you rode those old bikes remember the 15 rpm or what 1500
i don't know if you ever seen them it's like a slow crew yeah the it's like a slow cruise
you rode that for six minutes they took your heart rate you did bench press you did pull-ups and then
you hopped on the bus it was like hey that was that was the best army was picked in 01 by the
pens i was 02 biz was 03 and at that time penguins had oh my nothing. They had no rookie camp, no testing.
It was incredible.
Well, we did have testing with that old trainer.
No, the testing was, go tell me how many sit-ups you did.
Go back and say 100.
And as soon as you hit 100, stop.
Every guy wouldn't even do them.
Yeah, I got 100.
By the way, though, you guys mentioned testing for the draft.
You did, Biz.
I was at that as well.
And it's funny that that comes up because Sam Bennett,
if you guys remember,
was the kid who couldn't do one pull up and look at him now.
So how much of a joke is that whole pre-draft 17 year old testing?
Because the kid's a tank and is a killer out there.
And he got ripped on for not being able to do a pull up.
I love the way you play.
And so true.
It's what you do on the ice.
You know,
that's the hockey, hockey, IQ, true it's what you do on the ice you know that's the
hockey i hockey iq hockey heart do it on the ice you can do all i've seen guys stress out so much
about testing and i'm like just go on the i was never gonna win any testing prize i'll tell you
that but when it came to going on the ice i'd be ready and camp speaking of that i'm i've become a
huge fan of the way i love the way the panthers play yeah i was there's similar on them i was cheering for them in the east i were you
know paul maurice was another guy i should go back he was huge to my career and he was a coach
of the jets back then and he used to bring me in and show me stuff he's uh he he might be one of
the best vocal motivating coaches around like he makes guys want to run through a wall he
gives good speeches holy shit what was going on in winnipeg where those guys couldn't get going
after those types of speeches like and and i feel like he left so gracefully too saying like hey
you know i think that my message is just falling on deaf ears and i can't get through to these
guys and i think my time's done here like and then he goes like being that good at what you do being that good at like speeches and kind of motivating and
understanding people you know what i mean they're good coaches but they're not he's good with people
he gets it he can walk into a room he can hammer it he knows people he can talk to guys you imagine
just feeling like that yeah like they're not they're not doing like anything i say doesn't
work i don't yeah it's like what the what am i doing here it's like me talking to my family nobody listens by your own
side exactly hey let me ask you let me ask you so where you live right now where you are right now
is that where you where you moved right away when you moved there or has it been kind of like you
were like oh shit because i i think didn. Because I think some guys move there early.
And then they were like, oh, shit, we got to move somewhere else
because the practice rink is here.
Like, no one knew where to go in Vegas when they initially got there.
God, the Palms penthouse was a bad idea.
The Palms.
There's two areas.
A lot of guys, there's Henderson, but everything for the Golden Knights
is in Summerlin, which is where, yeah, I came right here.
I wanted to be close to arena. And then the school where my kids were going with is right there too
like within i've got everything with two miles i'm two and a half miles from the rink so i'm
oh two miles from my golf course which is important uh my country club i got the rink here the kids
well the kids drive now they're all old so no big deal everything's it's it's a great community out here
in summerland all the guys are out here right some of them i think lurry was out in henderson
uh derrick england kind of guided guys about where to go but eventually they've all kind of migrated
to right around here i played with derrick england i think army you might have and as well as you
went and yeah you know going back to that inaugural season, we were actually the first game you guys played against
after that tragedy and shooting that took place.
And for Derek England to step up and take the mic before that game
and hit it out of the park, like, I was like, oh, my God.
Like, I had goosebumps.
I have goosebumps now talking about it.
And then you guys went out and throttled the Coyotes.
Like, just, like, right from the beginning, that must have been such a special moment now talking about it and then you guys went out and throttled the coyotes like just like
right from the beginning that must have been such a special moment and obviously a devastating thing
to be a part of but i feel like that's when like things really started taking place there with the
community and the bond and everything that's happening and without question just bonded the
organization the golden knights and this community and you know in a time of horrific
tragedy here comes this team in their first season but nobody knows what to expect you're trying to
grow the game of hockey and you're trying and they come out and and i was there because i'll never
forget that game for the rest of my life that went from just unbelievable emotion to all of a sudden
just erupting,
giving people something to cheer about for the first time, you know,
in weeks since that tragedy had happened.
And they just out of the gates, there was,
I don't know if there was a team that would have beat them that night.
Four goals in the first eight minutes.
I was like, what the hell?
I couldn't hear myself.
Incredible.
Incredible.
And then that's what I said.
It just continued like out of the gate. and, you know, the real deal, James Neal. We just did an alumni tournament. We started Danglin and I kind of started alumni. Neal was out. We just did a Tuesday. So, a bunch of former NHLers around. We had a great time. I hadn't seen him in years, but such a big part of that. some great, great guys that came out. And then the team just, you know, they lifted up this community when they needed it the most.
And that bond has been there now, and it has just grown.
Like, one of my attractions here was to see our sport, all of us, has been so good,
grow at a grassroots level.
And it has just, they can't keep up with enough ranks for the demand right now.
It's incredible. That's awesome. And I look forward to doing some acid dabs with the tnt
panel and getting ready for this uh the whole like the way they start the game are they planning
really crazy for the final are they going to go over the top as they normally do well they haven't
let me in on any of that they they you guys are going to have creative department
doing ping pongs out of their pussy on the fucking ice right before they they you guys are gonna have creative department chicks doing ping pongs out
of their pussy on the fucking ice right before they they're dropping did you see larry finn
everyone's a vip member right nights yeah a lifetime lifetime not a player anymore
i saw that i saw that just come across. Lifetime members. I'm the third string goalie.
Is it like that there are no Knights?
Is it crazy there?
Like, I went and visited there a few times,
went out for dinner with Patch when he was there,
and Ike took me up to their, like, cool golf club.
I forget where.
It's, like, super nice up there.
But my Uber ride, going around town,
like, everyone's talking about the gold knights like
in a city that is you know star studded and has you know shows coming in and out
are these these guys are just like legends there hey like can you go around town can even you
you and gosh you guys probably can't even get around it's remarkable how much i probably get
that more than when i played which i don't know if that says
much about my playing career um but they really have and the thing about vegas that i it's it's
not a huge town like for for the locals and we really look after each other like you know everybody
it's yeah it's incredible it's a smaller smaller town than your city than you'd expect for people
that you run into whether it's on the strip, whether it's out here in Summerlin, whether, you know, and whatever place you're at, you always run into somebody you know or know somebody you know.
And this is becoming a sports hub, right?
You know, the Raiders have come in.
Looks like the A's are going to come in.
I know it just constantly built.
The money's ridiculous here.
I know they're looking at building another new arena that, you know, eventually NBA.
But the thing that's going to be here that the Golden Knights did,
and whoever had the Vegas-born slogan for marketing, that's what connects the community.
That's always going to be their team.
It was born here.
The others are going to be transplants.
Those are a huge thing.
Like, you know, NFL's a beast.
The Raiders are the Raiders.
But it's eight home games.
I was just going to rip on you because I on uh colesie about his bad gear wear and i'm looking at some of these pics online
of your facial hair i feel like you had you had every flavor saver you had every style of goatee
man uh frosted tips every single picture you touch on hockey db it's like oh my god holy jesus he had like the shaved
eyebrow line he had the heart in his head like drake my kids be they go after me for some of
those big time but now you're going for it on tv you got like the golden vest mixed with the like
golden pipe suit liners. Oh yeah.
He's putting on a show.
Even now.
Let's go.
I never thought I'd have this many pair of gold themed shoes.
A good guy from Manitoba.
It's got the bottle.
I can't,
I can't walk back.
I can't walk through my hometown.
My boys see that.
I'd be in trouble.
They'd be like, where is the three-quarter length Metallica shirt?
Let's get that out.
Let's get the Poison, Motley Crue shirts.
Let's rock the cutoff jeans.
Let's go somewhere.
Yeah, they're all calling to come visit you.
How nice is it having the travel too, right?
You're on the jet.
You're eating the meals.
It's nice, right?
The way you're traveling around. it hasn't changed right that's the the one thing i've been very
fortunate step like right out of the game of doing that and then staying at it so yeah it's uh you
know i i just don't know any different it was funny like when covid hit the first time in my life
i didn't have a schedule.
Like, you know, I'd played, moved away from home at 15 to play junior and always had a schedule and you're always traveling.
And then I'm like, like a month in, I'm like going stir.
Like, what's going on?
Then I kind of got used to it, to be honest.
Then I'm like, hey, there's like weekends.
There's like, you know, I rip over there.
I'll call a game off monitor, come home.
And so there was another adjustment.
We started traveling again.
But yeah, it's great.
They look after us.
Back to you a little bit.
Like, you got your chance with Ottawa.
How did that come about?
Did you sign with them?
Like, how exciting was it to make it to the NHL first game type memories?
So how I made the Ottawa Senators.
First of all, I got my rights were the Red Wings.
They traded it, especially with my dad and brother
in a remote camp in Manitoba
and the guy came. I had to use a pay phone to call
Marshall Johnson and said, yeah, we
traded for you, the Senators.
I remember I went back and it was a
rainy day, so my brother and my dad and I were
sitting in the tent throwing back some rum and
Cokes and playing cards and
we came up with a strategy. It's like
I don't know, it was my brother probably and me.
They don't have enough toughness there.
Pitlick, Lance Pitlick, I think, left.
There wasn't toughness.
Like Ottawa was, they were built for post-0405.
They were skill and speed.
So I'm like, all right, yeah, I'm going to go there.
And I remember it was the year Yashin sat out and then came back.
And back then to sit out, you didn't do that there's
no business he was hated by the whole league and like so the first back then this uh he goes a
training camp i don't even know if i knew there was a puck on the ice all i did i remember talking
my age he said just go after yashin and i just faced him around i cross check i hack whack
slash do everything nobody did anything and then it you
know i donnie brennan who's up there picked up on it who loved that type he's like what's going on
who's this guy no shit so you get noted do whatever you could to get noticed right so that's what i
did and then uh yeah i kind of built and um first game of the year was in Boston against the Bruins.
I wasn't scheduled.
Sammy Selleck, I was the seventh guy, got sick in the morning,
and I got the call.
So that was my first game, October, which is kind of funny
because you mentioned Dave Gosher.
We figured this out when we got together.
His first call in the NHL was that game with the Bruins.
Oh, shit.
The Ottawa, same game as me.
Holy fuck.
That's incredible.
Did you end up sectioning that night?
Did you go after anybody?
First, I think I didn't get a shit for like 10 minutes.
I can't remember.
But I get out there, and I'm like Bambi.
And all of a sudden, Kenny Boulanger comes over.
Ready?
You ready?
Dude.
Not a chant.
I'm trying to just stand up out here in my first shift in the NHL, my man.
Like, give me a second here.
And I think we played them two or three games later,
then, yeah, he was my first fight.
But it's like, I think he asked me first or second shift,
and I was still, you know, one of those ones I went,
you know, it's kind of loop.
You have to pop, get it off the wall, off the glass, change.
There's a lot of nerves.
But then eventually learned it. I just stuck stuck and, yeah, never looked back.
So it was great.
Ottawa was loving you for all the
because Yashin took them to the cleaners on the contract, right?
So they were loving the fact that you were just fucking giving it to them.
As far as getting traded, maybe Stevie Y saw a picture of one of your goatees
or flavor savers.
He said, I've seen enough of this.
I even went up in his name and said hello to the guy and he's gonna grow that on his face get him
the fuck out of here yeah kenny belanger came to challenge him to go as dippity-doo and his
goatee wasn't even dry yet hey i've seen his eye on one of his bangs i can pull up all you guys
i guarantee you i'm Army, I guaranteed you.
Oh, I'm brutal.
I guarantee you in red here, you had like shaved your sides.
Oh, I had like a little teen stache.
I look like a little like nerd.
What do you college guys do?
I'm sure you guys do something.
Spray tans.
Spray tan and then don't shower.
Just try to get a little tan at some point.
Oh, boys, I got a story about nights i got a story so i'm
here we go i'm in atlanta he's started yeah he's in boston and there's like a little melee i don't
know i the first time i met nides was like at a fantasy camp i think chaser put on in saskatoon
yeah it was a great time i just like hung chummed around with nides for quite a bit that whole week
and uh anyways i'm against the boards and nides come so like everyone's kind of pairing off as it was wasn't really anything and he comes
up like casually to grab me i just like wow i just punched him right in the face like so hard
like i i don't even know why and nides just ate it and he like grabbed me he's just like looking
at me like why would you do that so i haven't seen him in all these years this is like an 08 this is like now flash forward like you know like 10 years later and i'm like oh hey for whatever reason
it popped in my head i'm like that was like my interaction with nides that i remember and i'm
like sorry about like just bombing you in the face like dude that's all right have you gotten
over it no he's like you good no no he, dude, you hit me so hard. I'm like, really?
I'm surprised he didn't just snap.
I thought he was going to kill me when I did it.
I was like, oh, God.
I'm surprised I didn't.
Yeah, me too.
I didn't have a long fuse.
Usually, it would go pretty quick.
But, hey, that's good.
Nice.
That's why I've been hiking.
Yep.
I've been doing a lot of hiking and breathing it keeps me from my wires crossing although i don't know if you heard this story
about the fucking asshole telling me to wash my hands before i went on my hike i almost bopped
him just like army bopped you um boys was there anything else you guys want to know about uh
nights like what about your like going to the whl like what was your WHL career like? He was in Sasky the whole time.
All these crazy places on your hockey DB where you played in the I and the ECHL.
Are there any really fucked up stories that you can remember?
I have plenty from my ECHL days where it just happened differently down at that level.
Well, I remember my ECHL when I went there and wiped here and loved me.
I think it was the first preseason game like i fought this guy who was uh i think he was like kind of the ogi uh kevin
he had like the the all-time penalty record down there i think it was kevin emin anyways i fought
him and i beat him so he like literally went to the box he's like had to come out again right away
again i had to fight this guy. Like, there was animals.
The best story, and I've told this on a lot of podcasts,
and I bet it was when I was drafted by Buffalo.
And the priest, you know, when you went to camp then,
so this would have been 94 or 5, somewhere in there.
Gone show.
Got sent to Rochester.
And it's true.
Like, we had, like, Ruminadur, Bob West, Rob Scurlack, Sean Gagnon,
just a bunch, and we played this game right across the border.
We were playing, I believe, Syracuse in an offsite,
and there's fights going on.
I got in one, so I'm in the box.
Gagnon, Adur, whatever, there's a brawl.
He fought John Baduk.
Baduk comes to the penalty box, and I'd, Nader, whatever, there's a brawl. He fought John Baduk. Baduk comes to the penalty box.
And I'd love to see this nowadays. And Baduk's on the other team, Gagnon's coming in the box,
and they're chirping and returning. Next thing you knew, Baduk climbs over the top. And it's
not a short, like climbs up over the glass, then comes down off the top. And I'm the only,
they grab everybody out. I'm in there. He's coming down off the top rope
on me. And I'm like, alright, here we go.
A little cage match.
So you guys were in the box going at it?
In the box, yeah.
It's like, oh my god, I'm watching this.
I'm watching this right now.
Send it to the group.
You just have to YouTube.
It's like that.
And the goalies are on the ice.
It's the Russians in the telephone booth.
Yeah, the telephone booth fighting.
I'm glad you pulled it up. Yeah, you watch
you see Badou come through.
I'm like the last guy in Rochester
in the box. Once they sort all that out,
I think. Are you the guy fighting in front
of the penalty box as they're fighting in the penalty
box? I think I'm already in the penalty box.
Are you fighting?
I fought before that.
Somebody just pumped somebody outside the penalty box.
The guys inside the box are going at it.
That's amazing.
And we had a lot of like junior.
I,
you know, we had the full bench clearing and Moose John,
the crush can when I was in PPA.
What a rake.
It was like,
it was different, you know.
The game's changed,
probably for the better,
for the safer,
that's for sure.
What was going on in Moose Jaw?
Yeah, Nides,
remember when you,
in Moose Jaw and in the Crush Can,
when you had to walk off the ice
through the fans and like,
you'd like almost get in fights
with fans.
Like one time,
we were getting like pushed,
like you remember when Will Smith
and like Fresh Prince
when they're bullying him at the basketball court?
That's what they call it, the crush can?
Yeah.
The crush can.
It's ridiculous.
If you were on, Nights, if you were on one,
so Biz, if you were on one side of the rink at the top,
you could just see the top of the boards
on the other side of the ice.
You couldn't see like above it.
It crashes down. It's like
the saddle dome.
It's an advanced version of the
saddle dome to extremes.
They must have a new barn now,
right? Yeah.
What about the
Bruins season and the Stanley Cup year?
I see you played three games in the regular
season and three in the playoffs. Were you injured?
Were you scratched? How did that whole season and three in the playoffs. Were you injured? Were you scratched?
How did that whole season go for you?
And especially with the finals going on as the time this comes out,
down 2-0, lose the road games, just an amazing series to be a part of.
So after Biz almost ruined my career and stole my sushi when I tore my rotator cuff.
So that's why I was out.
That happened in camp.
And that was that year. So I thought my career is done right i tried to hang on eventually and domo they coyotes were tremendous to me they
looked after me i think it was service was that the uh you would have been the guy there jason
service is if you're on your phone oh no no i was looking at that thing, but no, we had Jason's service. And like you said, it was the year that we went to Prague and we actually played Boston there. And that was the year you guys ended up going to win on. So everything happens for a reason, but going back to your shoulder.
there and i remember uh my wife kind of wasn't happy it wasn't the easiest guy never the easiest guy but then it got a little worse and she's like you know get your get your shit together
you know stop pouting and you know eventually advanced and the good thing is the guy who did
my surgery did like an advanced rehab like when i'm back to winnipeg the guys they're like i've
never seen anybody do this this early but we did we worked it and then in january
was the first time i got on the ice and i have an older brother we never skated together there's
seven years so we got first time i went on i went up and visited him for like new year's and we went
and skated in his beer league and it was kind of cool so then i got the bug and then went back to
winnipeg and i just rented ice on my own bagged myself every day trained in about third
week of january the bruins call i talked to recce and char and they're asking and uh then trelli
brought me in and they said come see our doctors let's see where you're at so went in and they're
like you're coming along pretty good uh you know keep working and let's talk in February. But, you know, when I talked to the guys, they're like,
maybe this is where I got my vocalist from speaking.
They wanted me to come in and be another voice, a veteran guy,
didn't know how my shoulder would hold up if I could play.
They didn't think I'd get back in the regular season,
but at least be an option.
Anyways, that's probably the hardest I've worked in my life to get back.
There's like, you know, this big light of to to get back where i thought it was all done and yeah in jan
february i joined the team they're on a long trip in van ironically enough i joined them in vancouver
right in time for the rookie party as well but i kind of kind of did like practice with them did
a tryout they signed me after i they won signed me to the rest of the year to come in and kind of specify,
this is going to be your role.
We want you to be a voice.
Watch me in the room all the time.
Coach Julian talked to me.
You know, when you can play.
I think I played my first game April 3rd.
So still rehabbed and worked.
And then, yeah, I was a part of it.
Playoffs took every thing my role became
i was kind of you know social convener and uh team guy look after authority the guys yeah i was a
team guy and you know did every warm-up through all the work whether i played or not i always
give a little speech as i walked out every game and uh you know that's where i realized like you
know you know how we all are young in our
career well he's the ones of us who've been healthy scratched and whatever you get pissy you get
moaning oh but you realize to have a role on a team there's so many different ways to do it and
it's funny it took me till my end of career for that to really sink in and to you know feel like
you had a piece of it even though you didn't you're not out there physically all the time but
to be there with the guys and go through was incredible and i was very fortunate to have that opportunity when i
thought my career was over and to go in and uh yeah it was uh it was it was phenomenal that's
a great story hearing that because authority had told me how much you meant to that team
and um had gone into it a little bit but i wanted to hear you say it that and and and as you said
how lucky you were right when it ended to get
the call from TSN and Winnipeg.
I mean, you got to finish off doing that
and then winning the cup. It's just an
incredible kind of storybook ending for
a career that you certainly deserved
it after all the grinding you did.
I'm still grinding, my man.
I'm always grinding. Yeah, you just
mentioned you had two minutes from your golf course.
You live in Vegas and you're flying around in private jets.
I'm on a short game.
Are you going to get a ring?
How does that work?
I don't really know.
Are you going to get a ring if they win the cup?
I don't know.
I've never been on that side.
I think they do.
I don't think it's the same as the players.
I think Phil Bork here in Pittsburgh has gotten the rings.
Yes, I do.
I know because Gosher has the Bruins one.
Yeah, I should know that.
All right.
Well, let's go.
Go get a ring, baby.
I was also going to ask you, you mentioned getting the ice with your brother.
I don't know how close you guys were before that, but were you guys able to even reconnect on a deeper level because of that and share that bond throughout that cup run?
Yeah, they came out to Vancouver.
My brother and I have always been close.
It's just the two of us. So know my parents too my mom's like that she's a very vocal
like she was the one i always tell this story like talk about you know the in the stands i'm
sure you guys had the mothers too and with my last name and poor 12 year old kid who'd worked
the time box and mispronounced it hindi or hindi or whatever she'd either yell across
or else if i really wanted to
be embarrassed you see this lady come down from the stands and walk around to really give the
kids shit um but yeah my brother's second assist on there too while you're at it yeah yeah yeah
let's add him up but uh yeah my brother's great uh and he was there him and his wife were able
to make it to vancouver for game seven they there with my wife. So they were, that was the family I had on the ice.
That's awesome.
Well,
nights,
we appreciate you coming on.
And,
um,
I don't know.
I believe we may,
are we dropping this after game two biz?
Do you know?
I think that's the play.
Just so we'll see.
I mean,
who knows where the series is going to be at then.
Um,
but we're looking forward to what should be a really special Stanley cup
final.
And,
and we'll catch up with you when we're out there.
Yeah. You guys are coming out here?
I'm going to be there for game five.
Perfect.
Not Florida?
Just one trip?
No elbow room?
Yeah.
I mean, I'll be everywhere.
Merle Burles is going to the elbow room with Army.
So that's taken care of.
Well, I'll see you, Biz.
I'm everywhere.
Biz will be at every game.
Yeah, buddy.
I'm everywhere. That interview was brought to you by Chevy. You guys all know we've made it clear we're a big part of the Chevy EV family.
And we have even bigger news.
The first ever all-electric Silverado is officially Barstool and Spittin' Chickle's most valuable truck.
We got the chance to see this thing and experience it.
It is a complete game changer.
400-mile GM estimated range on a full charge.
Over 10 feet of length in the bed with the Multiflex tailgate
combined with the Multiflex mid-gate,
a large, enormous 17-inch diagonal display screen.
It can tow up to 10,000 pounds of max towing
and 0-60 in under 4.5 seconds with the Wow Mode.
Also, don't forget, an impressive 785 foot pounds of torque head on over to chevy.com to learn more
right now chevy.com the new ev silverado the most valuable truck in the game big thanks to shane
nighty for jumping on us i was kind of bummed out i missed that interview i wanted to ask about that
bruins title run but you guys did a great job as usual. And I love his partner too, Biz, Dave Goucher.
I think he's one of the best play-by-play guys in the league, man.
He used to do Boston Radio when he went out there
when the team started up.
He's terrific, man.
Everything they've done is first class.
And thank you to Knighty for coming on.
What a great story too.
I know we've been talking a lot of Golden Knights this one,
but they deserve it.
And yeah, happen for nights, man.
Or happen for nights.
Good stuff.
Lots going on in front offices around the league.
A lot of suits changing teams,
like coaches moving around,
general managers moving around.
Well, Kyle Dubas does indeed go to Pittsburgh,
despite what he said before that.
He's going to be the Penguins' new president
of hockey operations.
Just the second person to hold
that position with the team.
Per James Myrtle, he has a seven-year
deal worth about 40 million.
Not too shabby.
He's going to be the interim GM through July.
Then he's going to hire his own GM.
He feels what they have there between Sully,
Sid, Gino, Latanya. They can get right back at it,
be a contender. Sully's got four years
left on his deal.
I'll go to you.
Were you surprised he got that title, president of Hockey Ops?
Not at all.
In the rumblings that we heard coming out of Toronto is that he wanted more power.
He didn't necessarily want to have to go to Shanahan,
who then went to the board to make certain decisions.
And all of it was, in my sense, about him having more of a say in everything.
I'll say this. And I said it before. I don't really know what has made Kyle Dubas this golden
child. Like he somehow is the most wanted man in hockey in terms of building a team in an
organization. Everyone knew he'd have a job the minute he wanted one if he left Toronto.
everyone knew he'd have a job the minute he wanted one if he left Toronto and he's done a great job Toronto has had really solid regular season teams
I'll say that he got completely swindled by Matthews and Marner in terms of giving them
exactly what they wanted on on bridge deals I'll say not getting the max term
but he's done a good job overall if this guy goes to Pittsburgh and it's the same old bullshit of
getting into the playoffs and having a good regular season and not doing anything, can we
finally say he's not exactly anything close to what everyone thought he was? The golden child
of hockey, the genius hockey mind, hockey builder person who needs to take over your team or you'll never have a chance.
He has created or he hasn't even created this reputation for himself. The media has built him up to be the Wayne Gretzky slash Mario Lemieux of building a hockey franchise without ever doing
anything to prove it. He's never done anything. He won one round and all of a sudden it's like everyone needs Dubas.
So you know what? I'm well aware that I know way less than a lot of people in hockey in terms of
what it takes to build a team. But if he goes to Pittsburgh, which by the way, by getting the
president job, you have so much more of a lifeline. What's going to happen if they fail?
The GM will get fired, whoever he hires. When you're the president, dude, you're way above the GM.
You're able to just last longer.
But if this team goes on to barely make the playoffs,
somehow miss the playoffs, not do anything,
then we are done with the dubious golden boy chat.
I'm over it.
I'm done with it.
If he goes to win a Stanley Cup in Pittsburgh,
that would be an amazing story as well.
Because then Toronto were the losers again.
But if he somehow does what he did in Toronto and has good regular season
teams and gives guys deals that they didn't necessarily deserve or need,
then we're done with the golden boy chat.
It's over.
What do you guys say?
Biz,
you went to anti Dubas.
This will be the last time I mentioned Kyle Dubas,
his name out of my mouth.
He's a traitor.
I had to.
He's done.
He's done.
I don't hate that he played the leverage.
He doesn't exist in my world anymore, Witt.
You can talk about him all you want.
No, but Bids, hold on.
Seriously.
Give him the, not the respect, but give him the credit of using leverage.
He used leverage.
I think ideally if he could have gotten this job in Toronto, he would have loved it. But he used leverage like i think i think ideally if he could have
gotten this job in toronto he would have loved it but he used his leverage he tried to get more and
and he got and he got burnt but like i don't blame him for that maybe the whole i'll be on a hockey
next year yeah that was like jay monahan but i i he tried to use leverage but in the end it just
bit him in the ass because he knew he'd be somewhere else well
it didn't bite him in the ass because he got exactly what he wanted and he probably secured
an even bigger bag hey and all the credit to him for doing so but i agree with you i was hoping
that he would try to finish off what he tried to build in toronto uh do i think by any means he
should have been uh given a deal that big for what type of success he had in Toronto. No, because I think you should be paid based off the success.
And they had, yeah, regular season success, but a seven-year deal at 40 fucking sheets.
And I don't believe a word out of his mouth if he didn't know that he already had that job lined up
before he pulled the fucking shenanigans with the post game or the post playoff press
conference in toronto can all five people on this fucking zoom right now agree army has to army has
to get out of this i don't give a fuck army chat take me off the chat and remove my bubble tell
hey i'll say this remove my bubble tell him i don't give a fuck that he unfollowed me on twitter
either you tell him right to his fucking analytical face you tell him right to his analytical face i can't believe
he unfollowed you i know you're you're entertaining biz i would never unfollow you he doesn't want to
see the hate coming his way i'll have a chat with him i'm interested to see what you agree with me
now i don't dodge the fucking question.
Do you believe that he knew he had a deal
with Pittsburgh lined up before he went
into that press conference in Toronto?
Yeah.
100.
Merles?
So let me ask you this.
What do you think of somebody's character
who would do something like that?
But players do
that biz players do that do you think he do you think he didn't want to go back to toronto at all
no i think he wanted i he wanted this in toronto yeah that was his dream that was i'm not gonna
say dream like that's what he wanted and and he took a shot and shanahan the dog he is said get the fuck off my porch
and now he knew he had this lined up 100 it's just it's business one-on-one right like you
have the leverage you're able to create or try to create what you want and it might not happen
but with the leverage you know i'll just get it somewhere else but i do have to thank him because
he brought us brad tree living and he brought you that first round win and that is who's going to bring us to the
promised lands so if anything yeah a little bit of pain in the beginning because i can no longer
be a doobie but he showed us his true colors and he can move on and go down the road to pittsburgh
doobie's getting barbachev he's gonna get to get Barbashev. They don't have any room.
They can't afford him now.
They got room.
Everyone's out.
There's guys' contracts are up all over the place.
Pitt has a lot of room, right?
Pitt has a lot of cap room, I think.
Dumlin's up.
Jari's up.
He talked about what he's going to do with him.
I don't know.
There's lots of UFAs that are expired.
I think Zucker's up.
You got a lot of guys
that you have to make decisions on,
maybe some trades to be made.
I think this summer,
Doobie's going to be just schlinging.
He's going to just be schlinging.
I can't wait to see it.
Well, let's just remember.
We want to win here.
We want to win again.
Let's just remember they're his moves.
And even though he's going to hire a GM
after these moves are made,
we can't blame these moves on the new GM to fire him.
He needs to take responsibility.
You know,
whenever the GM gets fired,
he ain't going anywhere.
I'm going to do you one better.
I'm actually going to unfollow or sorry.
I'm going to block Sidney Crosby's number out of my phone.
Oh,
we're looking for a sandbagger.
I don't,
don't overreact.
I don't give a fuck
Crosby you're done too buddy Malkin
nope
wow
who else he got in there
that you gotta get hang goodbye
wow
that's it like
like you just mentioned biz that Brad tree
living takes a dubious his old spot after
90 years in Calgary.
He didn't seem preoccupied with the core four.
Probably as you were.
It sounds like he's going to be open to moving somebody if he needs to.
But right now, the Leafs have 44.7 million spent on forwards.
And 33.5 million of that is on three guys.
And the other four, let's see, four other forwards currently signed.
Nylander, 6.9,
Yarncroft, 2.1,
Laffey, 1.15,
and then Nyes on the
entry-level deal. So, I don't know.
You got to think if they're going to do something, they got to move
somebody. Yeah, I mean, Doobie left a hot
steaming pile of dog shit
to work with, but Brad
Tree Living will figure it out
and right all of Dubas' wrongs. Does he keep Keefe? Yeah. to work with, but Brad tree, leaving Brad tree living, we'll figure it out and, uh,
and write all of Dubas's wrongs.
Does he,
does he keep Keefe is,
yeah,
I think that he does for a year.
Yes.
All right.
Why?
I just think that he wants to see how maybe he can evolve.
I mean,
it sounded like in the press conference,
that's what he wanted to do.
So I trust he's going to make the right move.
And,
and maybe the fact that there's
maybe no other candidates that he'd want to go out and sign right now i don't know do you think
that uh do you think that one of marner matthews or uh neil enders not on the leafs start next
season the core four um i don't know i mean that depends on what matthews is going to want for for
a salary and and where they see that for,
for the future.
I mean,
I don't know.
I think that it would be probably smart to get rid of them if he's not
that interested in coming back.
And he wants another five year deal.
Like he wants to create another,
he wants to slide with the cap.
Yes.
And also,
yeah.
And then like all of a sudden I'll,
I'll do another five year.
I want more than anyone else
has in the league and then i'll hit it again so merle what are the odds on the core for one of
them being gone well the good news is he's not going to be handed the the keys to the entire
organization because doobie's not around who shares the same fucking agency now let me guy let
me ask you guys this and i'll go to you first army do you think
that's a conflict of interest the fact that they have this whole agency shop and although was he an
agent though his agent is with is is with wasserman and it was it was the golf side what's his name
i have no clue but then obviously we know jud Judd, the mastermind agent right here,
just bending all these GMs over.
I think his name is, hey, listen to this.
Judd just gets every client a five-year maximum amount of money.
His agent's name, I believe, is Chris Armstrong.
What do you think?
Oh, shit.
What do you think?
I know.
What do you think orchestrated all this?
What do you think orchestrated all this?
Is that your alias?
Pittsburgh.
What do you think got him to Pittsburgh, bud? What do you think's really all this? What do you think orchestrated all this? Is that your alias? Pittsburgh. What do you think got him to Pittsburgh, bud?
What do you think's really pulling the strings, Bizzy?
I'm still thinking Army's going to end up being GM.
He's going to have a call to us.
Sorry, guys.
Can't do chicklets anymore.
I'm new GM of the Penguins.
Army immediately blocks biz on Twitter.
The only way you can still be hired by chicklets army is if we get your phone we we get to see
what you what and who you're texting at all times even your laptop we want every g can we make that
work where we could track everybody he's in contact with what do they call that can you jailbreak my
phone and my computer to be totally in sync with chicklets yeah real inside i think we'd all be
fucked if that what's
your trust level with uh with doobie in the hallway first time you see him do you give him
the dead fish handshake what do you do yeah you know what i think i don't know i think he's coming
from such a hot market and i work for sports and up there i think there's like you know that divide
so i don't know if he's gonna like i don't know if he trusts me or likes me at all to be honest with you that's i don't know army's gonna go up to i don't know i've met
him only in passing one time hi kyle like nice kyle hey pat walk paul bissonette sleeps with
the fishes and then all of a sudden he's in he's like the new lou lavarello
he did learn under lou he did learn under Lou so yeah I don't know
I don't know maybe I maybe I will be
this
handing out too much money on contracts
we're all going to be in Nashville
for the awards in the draft we've mentioned how great
it is the league's doing that
this draft and free agency is going
to be the wild wild west
boys there's buyout
candidates there's trade candidates.
You look at Winnipeg, all these guys, they
could be moving. We got Dubas trying
to make Pittsburgh a cup contender. We got
Tree Living trying to shove it in
Dubas' face that the Leafs can win more
than one round or 57
years, whatever the fuck it's been. So
I think, I think
that we might have the craziest offseason
we've ever had in the NHL this season.
Great call.
Perfect.
Great call.
Before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at GameTime.
GameTime is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
Created by fans for fans, GameTime is the ticket-enabled app that makes it easier than ever to score last-minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price.
I can't wait.
Later this summer, Duran Duran's coming to town, old 80s band.
Boom.
I'm going to Game Time.
They're going to hook me up just like they hook you up.
It's all possible with the Game Time app.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats you thought you could never buy.
The purchase process takes just two taps in 10 seconds.
And once you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone,
no printer needed.
The app also allows you to easily share tickets with friends via text,
so you can get to the game seamlessly.
Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment.
Download the GameTime app or go to the website,
enter your email, and redeem the code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms do apply.
Once again, GameTime app or the website,
enter your email, code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms do apply.
Still got some more front office news here.
The Seattle Kraken extended running franchise,
Ron Francis, they signed him through the 26-27 season.
I think he's already got four years under his belt after the year that they had.
Not much of a surprise there.
New Nashville GM, Barry
Trotz, made his first significant
move. Got a new sheriff in town.
He sacked John Hines and he brought in
Andrew Brunette, just the fourth
coach in team history in Nashville. That's it.
Only four. He had great things to
say about his Panthers experience.
Brunette did.
He said, I love those guys, but I'm very proud of what they're doing,
which was pretty honest.
You don't really hear coaches talking about old teams like that.
But what's your take on that?
Getting rid of Hines, the ring of Brunette.
What's your feelings on it?
So I understand where Trotz is coming from.
And he was open in terms of he mentioned that he told all the scouts
leading up to the draft,
guys, look to hit a home run late.
Don't go with the safe pick late.
We got to try to find a late pick
that could end up being an offensive game breaker.
The issue with Nashville basically forever
has been their lack of having
like offensive game breakers.
And they're just such a defensive style team
with a great goalie
who also could get traded in terms of Saros. But my big issue with this was how long
they strung along John Hines. And I have to be open. I'm friends with John Hines. He was coaching
me when I was 15 years old in Massachusetts hockey things. He's a BU guy. He's a great person.
And with Trotz being a former coach, what they did to him, I thought was kind of
unfair, right? I mean, they had a good year for all the injuries they battled and stuff. They
ended up being in the playoff hunt for the last 10 days. Now, the argument would be that he has
another year, so he's getting paid no matter what this season. But he did kind of put him in a tough
spot of just hanging on, hanging on.
You might be back, you might not,
and boom, you're gone.
So as a former coach,
I think other coaches might have been
a little disgusted in terms of like
how Trotz was treating that whole relationship.
Now it's his job, right?
It's a business.
I want to make this team as better offensively
as I can.
I'm bringing in an offensive mind in Brunette.
But that was kind of Bush League, I thought,
and a lot of other people agreed with that.
But I do understand.
Barry Trotz coached Andrew Brunette.
He knows him as a person.
He's seen what he's been able to do as a coach.
And I think in the end,
it could help the team to try to create
a little bit more offense
and a little bit more creativity
for a team who's just always been
muck it up, win games 2 2-1 and we got to learn to
score so um just the way the way he went about it i think was was a little wrong so do you think
trotzy knew he wanted to get him the whole time and and that's what you're kind of saying or what
like you're saying i think it's tough because i think to wait for new jersey to lose out right so
yeah and he knew like i don't really want heinz as the head coach. So just like making it like,
like I feel like they should have cut them loose right when the year
ended.
Okay.
Yeah.
Go into the market and you have to go interview all these other open
jobs.
That's what you mean.
Like he could be in at the Rangers and now he's like kind of maybe
behind the process.
Speaking of the Rangers.
All right.
You got to be panicking right now.
Panicking.
I think you said what you said. He did interview with the Rangers. HeinzyA., you've got to be panicking right now. Yep. Panicking. I think you said it would be last week.
He did interview with the Rangers, Heinze.
He did get in there.
Yeah, I did say last week.
It didn't happen last week.
But I think the main thing is if he does get hired, I think we can focus on that.
I don't want to skull it.
Skull it.
Skull it.
Skull it.
It'll be fucking hilarious.
By the way, Mark Stone's getting a little skull it action.
He's losing it like me up top, but then he's got those long
wings in the back. So
Stanley Cup skullet. To go back
to the Heinz stuff though, I feel like
at the beginning of last year when they really
struggled, the organization stuck
by them. Like they came
out of the gates horrendous the
year before last. They ended up sneaking
into playoffs, but so I feel like
he has been given a decently fair shake there.
I know.
That was just from Poyle, though.
So it's a little different.
Just a new guy.
But no, I agree.
I agree.
There was times when there was a lot of discussion of him being let go.
But as R.A. said, he was their third coach ever.
That's crazy.
Yeah, that was a third or fourth.
Either way, that's so fucking...
Well, I think you said Brunette will be the fourth okay yeah fourth coach so they only had three that is
pretty wild they've been around for you know what 25 30 years close to that uh we're not done yet
uh anaheim general manager padver beak uh he didn't opt for a previous nhl head coach he
picked the guy's first job in the nhl as a head coach greg cronin uh massachusetts guy coached
northeastern he's assistant and uh uh what was he uh the island there's a head coach. Greg Cronin, Massachusetts guy, coached Northeastern. He was assistant in
what was he? The Islanders,
a couple other teams. Last job he
had was AHL Colorado,
the Avalanche's farm team. He was there
for the last five years. Dude,
this guy's grinding. He's 60 years old, man.
He's been, I think, 87,
88 was the first assistant job he had
back at Colby College. So this guy's been grinding
for 35 years to get this job.
So what do you know much about Cronin, his coach, his style or whatever?
A little bit.
I know he's a he's a he's a lunatic in terms of like his passion for the game.
And like, I mean, this guy was one of the coaches when the national development program in Ann Arbor began.
I think it was 1998.
And, you know, I heard stories then like,
you want to talk about intensity? Greg Cronin will fuck up any player, coach, GM he's ever seen.
This guy's a savage. So I'm very happy for him in terms of grinding your entire life and you
become a head coach at 60 years old. I can't believe he's 60 years old. He might be the most
in shape 60 year old. I thought he was 50 years 60 years old. He might be the most in-shape 60-year-old. I thought he was
50 years old, but
an interesting hire, nonetheless.
I think Anaheim, once they get
Fantilli, has one of the brightest futures in
the league. For me,
maybe the next few years are a little bit of a struggle,
but that was a coveted
job in my mind just because of how bright
their future looks.
But
I like seeing new guys get
a chance i think merles is all about this and getting people who haven't just been thrown around
the carousel of coaching throughout the league and you get a guy who's been everywhere he's been
up and down in every single league basically in north america he finally gets his chance with a
young a young team that has a crazy bright future. So we'll see what happens.
He's definitely going to be intense, though.
I think those guys got to be ready to play hard.
And I don't know how Dallas Eakins was as a coach,
but I don't think you're going to have as intense of a coach
around the league, really, as Greg Cronin, from what I know.
Yeah, Crow was my coach at the All-Star game in the AHL that one year.
He was coaching those good Bridgeport teams that we battled against. And he a great guy and then Walsh he texts us about him because Walsh
he worked for him at Northeastern and he thinks it's going to be a great hire he'll add structure
to those young guys and and he's just a great guy like he really cares about you and yeah and
Walsh he believes it's going to be a perfect fit because he has that experience with the college
kids he's going to think of uh of Zegers' TikTok hockey?
There could be some changes there.
There could be some...
I mean, I don't think he cares about crazy moves, especially if they work,
but it's just going to be way more team-oriented hockey.
There's going to be no individual stuff there.
I guarantee you that.
Yeah, he coached me in Toronto.
He was our assistant coach. Oh i had him yeah he's i i would say he's a different thinker a little bit
with regards to stuff he's he's kind of he was kind of always around like we'd be in the gym
working out you know when you were just with the guys and he'd be in there like throwing it around
to like uh you know i was like get out of here dude you're here all day like work out by yourself fuck you know but in saying
that those are like little things establish dominance yeah that's what he was doing he's
flex and he's probably seeing what guys were doing and he's like really like he's like really like he
kind of watches stuff and he like he's like army i'm watching you hold a five pound dumbbell doing
rldo i'm like get out of here i'm gonna
fake my way through the slideboard routine like if you were watching me so closely but like he's uh
i would say he's a thinker um of of how to get better but you're right he's he's a hard ass like
he he's gonna be on those guys like it's not gonna, I don't think it's going to be easy for them with him coming in there.
Like, it's going to change.
It's big time change.
Well, wait, you just said you'd like to see new guys get a shot.
That's what's going to happen in Washington.
They named former Toronto assistant Spencer Carvery,
the new head coach.
Excuse me.
It's his first NHL head coaching gig.
Any of you guys familiar with them?
You want to be on, bro?
You guys know anything about the guy?
Oh, I looked him up quick.
I think he was down in like that South Carolina,
then up in Hershey,
where, you know,
same as Bednar did in Colorado,
kind of came up through that system.
It seems like it's always producing
pretty good coaches and stuff up that,
right up all the way to Hershey.
I don't know anything about him,
but I know from like hearing and reading things that he was
high on the list for a lot of
teams. So I feel like when
a guy like this who's been around
and built his resume and all of a sudden
he's getting thrown out to all these
different job openings, you realize
there's probably a pretty special talent there.
But I don't know anything about him. I've never met him.
I think the game has changed
so much guys to
the point of you know gm's going for an interview and what you have to like show like i i'm pretty
sure like these guys would have to come in with like a full powerpoint display like it's like
you have to have just like i like to the detail of your system what you'll do with certain players
everything how you handle situations with what
and like that's fully broken down on like your structure of your team makeup culture identity
playing philosophy dealing with guys for like there's just so much surrounding it now that
these guys have to go through there's no question that you know this guy came in with like a master plan of how to because you did this in pits
see you sully
good point g good point my computer is just loaded with uh excellence inside of there i just learned
how to do powerpoints a few months ago but it's it's a different game with regards to going for
an interview now i know benny bar like at UMaine that we interviewed on Game Notes,
when he goes for those interviews, he would come with binders
into those coaches meetings. You think Daryl Sutter
was bringing the PowerPoint presentation?
I was going to say, but these old guys,
there's no way they do that. Sutter did
his interview with his hand up a cow, just
blurthing. He was pulled out a calf.
What were you saying?
Work.
Shit.
He legit just goes in the meeting and says,
work.
Work.
Work harder.
What are we thinking about the power play?
Work harder.
Work.
Okay, Daryl, you got the job.
Sounds like a game plan.
Guys, before we go any further,
the hockey playoffs are here,
and this one goes out to the goalies, the last line of defense,
the ones who can save a game all by themselves.
You know who else makes game-changing saves?
Discover.
They have saving accounts that earn five times the national savings average
in interest.
Could you imagine a goalie with five times the saves?
Instant Hall of Famer.
So start making game-changing saves yourself and check out the savings
accounts at Discover.
Discover Bank, member FDIC, see terms and learn more at
discover.com slash savings.
Meanwhile, at Columbus, it doesn't appear as though they're going to go
with a new guy.
Mike Babcock is believed to be the next head coach.
I fucking love, love this hire.
Once his Leafs deal that he's still on, once that expires at the end of the month,
it's believed that then the deal is going to go through.
He'll be the next Columbus head coach.
Seems like it was a matter of time before he got back in the league.
Busy.
Surprised he's going to end up in Columbus, though.
I just I would just love
to fucking be a fly on the wall
at Johnny Goudreau's house.
He's like, wait, what?
Do you think they came to him and asked him?
For sure, right? Like, you can't not.
No, I'd actually, I think
Kekeleinen, I don't think he gives a fuck.
I don't. Because
if Kekeleinen wanted to hire him and he went to
Goudreau, and Goudreau was like, no, no, no.
Like, you can't do that.
Like, I think he went to like Johnny three guys in the league.
You could do that with like McDavid, Crosby.
But like, dude, if you want to hire Johnny, we interviewed Daryl.
But all he kept saying was work in the fucking meeting, man.
Like, I try I try to go back to your guy that you had success with but he doesn't know any other words besides work um but yeah i i mean some of the fucking antics that babcock used to pull off
was bullshit and like i heard his players used to hate him even in detroit uh but you're not
necessarily i guess you don't necessarily have to like your head coach um i'm imagining he learned
from that experience so he's still a very
knowledgeable hockey mind and i'm sure he's going to whip that organization um you know back into
that winning culture that they saw with torts um aside from goudreau i can only imagine what
patrick line is thinking too so just some of the personnel there it's just going to be very wacky
to see how it ends up working out where we know that it's hard for them to get marquee players. So with Babcock being there, who we know
is not a very enjoyable coach to play for, and the fact that it's hard to even get good free agents
to come there, how is this going to overall play out? So they better hope that they're drafting
and developing well in order to turn into a winner. But I don't I don't mind the hire.
I think that it's been enough time where Babcock deserves a second chance based on some of the shit that we heard he did.
I think the shit that he did was bullshit.
But I believe that everybody deserves a second chance.
And maybe he's a different person after the layoff.
I think maybe he's not.
I think the biggest thing is better.
I think the biggest thing with him is ego.
Right.
And that's some of the stuff we hear.
Like,
can he kind of check that and come in and be,
you know,
easier to deal with,
with the modern player now.
And that'll be,
I'm sure something that was talked about.
Also,
he changed the coaching game as far as like getting paid.
Oh yeah.
Too.
So he's,
well, I wonder what he's he's gonna what this deal is
gonna look like coming off of this other one and if he's just getting his foot in the door deal or
if he's coming back in with you know that standard of where he's at he he i think from my understanding
he had to like beg to get reinstated i wouldn't be shocked if this was like a three three and a
half million dollar deal where you're getting a very good coach for a medium price tag based on the fact that he this is a this is a prove it contract for him
again he needs to earn that trust back so i i would be shocked if he's making north of four
million because yeah who the i would be too who he just made 50 right right so he's already made
the money this is more about like him just wanting to get back in the game
and stay relevant, right?
Where he doesn't need the dough,
but I don't think any other teams are rushing out to go hire him
where Columbus can give him this opportunity,
and it's really like a no-lose situation for them.
Imagine he goes into the interview,
and he's like, before Jarmo speaks,
he's like, listen, I've learned my lesson.
Like, I know you can't treat people like I do.
And Yarmulke's like, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't want you to change a thing.
He's like, oh, yes.
I'm going to fucking torture these guys.
Yeah.
He pulls up his slide.
He pulls up his like PowerPoint first thing.
Like, he's like, hi, I'm Mike Babcock, ex-coach, pretty good coach.
Anyway, they slide to the next one, which is just a picture of liney in a goofy suit he's like this fucking guy this
fucking yarmo let me get this guy he's like hired perfect he made it through one slide
good road's gonna try to get out of town on his jet ski. Imagine Hazy gets traded to Columbus and goes reports to Babs.
Oh my God.
All right. One
last coaching note here.
Both Joe Quenville and Stan Bowman
have requested meetings with Bettman
to discuss potential
reinstatements. We mentioned before
that they have to sit down with Bettman,
get approval from him. We don't know what the parameters
are or whatever, but just the ring basically to get back in.
I mean, nothing's guaranteed.
I don't know what would happen if Bettman did not approve it,
but that's in the works as well.
And a big signing as well.
We had got that yet.
The Habs locked up Cole Caulfield.
We talked to his coach last week, Marty St. Louis,
spoke very highly of him.
He's sort of like a protege of some sorts, I guess.
But he's got a, let's see, eight-year deal at 7.85 million per year.
There's a modified no-trade clause in the last three.
The deal will keep him there through, holy shit, 2030, 2031.
He's still only going to be 30 years old when this deal ends.
Merles, how much of a bargain do you think this contract will be in, say, four years?
I mean, I like Caulfield.
And when we met him at the Sandbagger, such a nice kid.
His dad was a great guy.
But when I'm watching that finals game last night, if he's in that game, is he doing anything?
Like, is he getting around those big D?
Is he going to win you a championship against teams like that?
I can't see it.
Like, well, he's Marcos.
I know.
He'd have to have stuff around him.
Exactly.
Marcos is the only small player.
So if you have a bunch of big guys, big meets, I could see it.
But I mean, I more look at it like,
I think Caulfield is going to get 35 to 45 goals the next eight years.
As long as he's healthy.
And under 8 million, if you're getting that many goals,
I kind of love it.
Now, granted, Montreal is a long way to go.
But when I saw that number come in under 8 million,
that's a win to me in terms of Kent Hughes.
Right?
That much goal production and you're not paying over eight
million in the cap i i think at four years the cap could be up eight million bucks right
so it's all that uncertainty he's gotta say he he how many games did he miss what do you get what
happened to him at the end of the year shoulder shoulder so you know you say okay why would you
take an eight-year deal why don't you do the do the Matthews move and slide as a cap rolls up?
Like, it's stupid.
But a smaller guy, his shoulder, you know, like, can it happen again?
When do goals dry up?
You know, you have a few years.
So he set himself, he just took the certainty.
He took the certainty with all the risk.
And I think you guys interviewed Marty.
You had him on the pod.
Great guy. Smart guy. Connects with Caulfield. risk and um i think i think you guys interviewed marty you had him on the pod great guy smart guy
connects with caulfield so there's like i think there's some really big positives for him
to obviously take that deal and the long-term you know nature of it as well even though there
could be potential could he be a 50 goal guy could he be that guy so it's like okay maybe
but i like where i'm at i like that the coach
believes in me and there's you know i'll sign for that i think it's a win-win deal for player team
yeah which you don't often say no and marty said he was like great in the locker room he just brings
the energy for the whole team every day that's stuff we don't get to always see and that that's
very valuable so it goes intang those intangibles. Intangible. Great word, Biz.
Thank you.
Positivity runs through the team,
through Cole Cox.
And he's got a nickname,
The Cock.
60 million in the bank
and a nickname, The Cock.
Kid's doing pretty good.
0-1 in sandbaggers, though.
Suck it.
Before Bettman's press conference,
he was on TV with you, Biz.
He got a little shot in as well, huh?
Bettman's getting a little dig at Biz. I'm getting canned tnt i got fucking conor bedard 17 years old put me in
body bags i got doobie unfollow me on twitter i'm gonna i'm gonna i gotta go to bed boys i'm
i'm in loser mode right now with no sleep yeah almost with wayno though like that's true at
least i got to use wayno's chopsticks. I guess we'll do that to everybody.
Vegas will get you chopsticks.
Yeah.
You just mentioned the cap.
It's only going to go up a million next year because they haven't paid all
the escrow off,
but it does sound like he's being conservative and it's going to go up a
few million the next time around.
So only a million.
They brought up the Valerie,
the true shit thing going on with Colorado.
Remember, he suddenly left the team during the middle of the playoffs.
Well, apparently they found a drunk woman in his room.
That was the story.
Then they released the cop footage this week, the cop camera.
And everyone was like, oh, my God, this looks bad, blah, blah, blah.
It was like there was a drunk girl in an ambulance.
They talked to the doctor.
Like, I don't know.
Everybody made a big deal.
I mean, there was nothing you could draw
anything conclusive from.
Nothing's going to happen.
Edmund said, actually, it was Bill Daley.
We know exactly what happened, and we think it was handled
appropriately, said Bill Daley, who also credited
the abs with how the thing was handled.
I don't know if he just got buckled, had to
broaden the room or whatever, but people seem
to be jumping at wild conclusions based
off that. He just disappeared. Disappeared.
He got him out. Bye.
He's going to join the live tour.
And not to lose your head. That was a big loss for
Colorado. If he's there, they probably
win that series
and then it's a whole different story.
Yeah, it's not like he might have a personal issue
as well. He's not getting disciplined
by anybody, so I don't know.
He didn't break any rules.
This is why you have Baza in the KHL.
These guys can't be trusted.
You got to put them in the military base,
armed guards out front so they don't sneak out.
A dog shock collar on these guys when they're on the road.
Let's see.
Oh, did you see that clip?
Dominic Kasich, apparently the Czech Hockey Hall of Fame is either closing
its doors or they're relocating
Dominic Hasek got a shopping carriage
putting all his old pads and shit
and like what it's like dude it's fucking Hasek
you can't have somebody help him
it was just so trash looking
oh nice to see you put the phone down from going after Ovi on Twitter
it was like depressing
yeah exactly
it was depressing.
Like what,
what happened?
This thing went out of business and he's there with these old pads.
It was a hall of fame.
Go out.
Yeah.
Well,
I read one thread.
I couldn't confirm that they actually relocate to another place,
but like they couldn't,
Oh,
don't worry,
Mr.
Hachik,
we'll take care of that for you.
Said he's like a show up with like a stolen target,
fucking shopping cart to get all his fucking shit out of there.
I don't know what the hell
is going on.
Did you see the new
30 for 30 coming out?
It's going to be about
the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim,
how they came into the league.
Yeah, I checked that out
when you texted the group.
That looks good.
Yeah, it looks real good.
In the 30 for 30s,
they started off hot whip,
but they definitely took
a bit of a nosedive after a while.
I think they kind of milked
it a little bit too much,
but the Mighty Ducks
one looks dynamite.
They got Korea.
He's on it too. He doesn't do a lot of interviews, so looking good
there. What else we got here? I like those
Unbroken. Is that what it's called, or what is it?
What are those ones? What are those other ones,
R.A.? Yeah, they came out last year, right?
Two years ago. Those ones are good.
Those ones are good.
I said it wrong. I can't be right. I love a good
documentary, right? Especially
sport-related. Just give us the in-depth story of how I've said it wrong. I can't be. I love a good documentary, right? Especially sport related.
Just give us the in-depth story of like how things were created.
I think that'll be a good one.
Oh, did you watch the Reggie Jackson when he went on Prime?
I know he's a little before your time.
It's good shit, man.
He was such a huge star in the 70s.
He kind of gets into that why he was kind of an asshole to people and all that stuff.
If you're looking for a good sports talk and the Michael J.
Fox, why was he an asshole to people? He was just he was cock of an asshole to people and all that stuff. If, if you're looking for a good sports doc and, uh, the Michael J. Fox,
why was he an asshole to people?
He was just,
he was cocky,
arrogant.
He was surely with the press all the time.
And,
you know,
he gets into it.
He was just,
you know,
he was just kind of angry,
angry at the world,
angry going through the world.
And he was a fucking stud,
man.
He was a hell of a player.
Plus he's a black athlete,
the seventies too.
So things were way more amplified back then as well.
So, uh, did you see way more amplified back then as well.
So did you see Stillwit on Apple Plus, the one about Michael J. Fox?
No.
Yeah, good shit, real.
He's, I mean, awesome dude.
He talks about having the Parkinson's, but they go over his whole career and stuff.
He's like, don't feel bad for me.
I don't want you to pity me.
And you don't.
You know, you're like, you know, you're watching.
Your inclination is to be like,
oh man,
this poor guy.
And he's like,
no,
like he swears shit.
He's like,
fuck that.
Don't feel bad for me.
Either way.
Check it out.
It's very inspiring.
I'm sure that guy is back to the future.
Incredible movie.
That's the best movie for like,
I know any age group of human being. The trilogy of back to the future is unbelievable.
That guy was just such a star.
Teen Wolf, all that shit.
Teen Wolf was awesome.
Teen Wolf was sick.
I think he's boys with 99.
Was he on the jet last night busy?
He's been sleeping?
He's been sleeping, guys.
I'm just resting my eyes.
I'm listening.
Number one TV show and number one movie.
He was the stud back of the day.
All right.
One last note here.
We want to send out
condolences to Carolina coach Rod
Brindamore and his family on the loss of his
dad. Bob Brindamore passed away last
week. So again, we extend
our sympathies. And there's some
sad news out of Vegas as well.
Mark Andre Furry, the dog
who was kind of an unofficial mascot.
He passed away as well. I think he was about
15 years old. They had him driving around in the car and stuff. He had a lot of cool little mascot. He passed away as well. I think he was about 15 years old.
They had him driving around in the car and stuff.
He had a lot of cool little moments.
Marc-Andre Fleury.
Yeah, it was a fun moment for the team when it first got there.
And as a dog lover, that sucks to see. So it was nice to see that they sent out a nice post about it.
And hey, rest in peace, Marc-Andre Fleury.
Did Marc-Andre Fleury have to say anything about it?
Has he made a statement?
Haven't checked yet, yeah.
I'm going to get on that.
Okay, actually, one last thing.
Congrats to the Quebec Ramparts.
They beat Seattle Thunderbirds 5-0
to take home the Memorial Cup
for the third time in their history.
Actually, interesting.
Seattle, that's only the first time
they played for the Memorial Cup.
And that was a whole bunch of speculation
because Ramparts coach Patrick Wise,
he's going to go pro, blah, blah, blah.
But Wally Walker from the New York Post
already come out.
The Rangers are like, no, he's not on our list.
We won't be interviewing him.
So I don't know.
I think we'll see him again, though.
I'd love to, man.
Yeah.
And Sam Gagne.
Or not Sam Gagne.
Sorry.
Who's his assistant coach there?
Played for the Flyers.
Gagne.
No way.
Simone Gagne.
Simone. Simone Gagne. Simone.
Simone Gagne.
Sorry, I forgot.
I forgot his first name.
Man Rocket.
Yeah, he was assistant coach with Patrick too.
So pretty good combination there with, you know,
with Patrick and junior hockey and their team was number one in the country.
I got to go watch a game when I was at the Quebec Peewee tournament.
Shout out to Cam Thompson.
Got me tickets for that.
Winning the Memorial Cup.
Good, good dude.
I mean, they were trucking everyone at the Cup too, right?
That was just, that was like what Vegas is doing right now.
Yeah, that's what they did.
That's what they did.
I saw Barzal, your boy there, busy.
All our boys.
Barzy was at the game watching his Seattle Thunderbirds.
He's a dreamboat.
All right, boys.
PGA Tour, boys.
Holy shit.
I got to go read about this.
Bunch of fucking frauds.
Fraudzillas.
But thank you so much to everyone listening.
We're hoping for some better games.
We'll be getting in the mix.
Biz, you keep crushing on TV.
Great job, buddy.
You get some sleep now.
And Army and Merles, thank you you guys as always for joining on,
especially Merle's.
I know it's real early back out west,
so we appreciate all the listeners as always.
It's an exciting time of year,
only getting it even crazier.
I think that the draft of free agency
will be way more entertaining
than this cup finals, Ben.
Rest those pipes, Merle's.
Game notes coming Friday, boys.
Game notes coming Friday.
We got a pod episode.
We have a pod episode of Game Notes this week as well. We got Game Notes Daily on game days,. We got a pod episode. We have a pod episode of game notes
this week as well. We got game notes daily
on game days and we have a pod episode
dropping this Friday morning.
He's going to be blowing his boy
Doobie all over fucking game notes.
Maybe we'll get him on.
One last thing.
I was watching the game of my dad last night.
Here's one for Doobie.
Jesus. Here you one for do me. Jesus.
Here you go,
Trevor.
My old,
my old man goes,
Hey,
he's like,
that really is a pretty good looking kid.
Huh?
I was like,
yeah,
bro.
This is a study.
He goes,
how old is he?
I was like,
I think he's like 38.
I was like,
Oh,
he's 43.
He's like,
he's 43.
Holy shit.
Tell me it looks great for his age.
So I think my old man got the Hudson fire,
bro.
Oh,
nice.
Yeah.
I'm not feeling and looking as good as I did four nights ago.
I can tell you that.
And then I was waiting.
Lauderdale help.
I've checked my phone.
I was checking my phone a hundred times yesterday,
waiting for the text from biz that there's an open seat on the Gretzky
plane.
Obviously didn't come.
So I'm on spirit airlines tomorrow.
Military grade.
You would have been sitting in the bathroom like I did with Mario.
There was an empty seat, but it was for his Louis Vuitton luggage.
The great one.
Hey, shout out to him.
Our seats were right next to your guys' table.
So we got to watch you guys the whole night.
It was so fun.
It was a blast, buddy.
You guys were buzzing.
And G, shout out to pasha
too who made us that i i didn't i missed game notes daily other day but he made us this sick
like intro to our show guys oh it's sick like he put together this really cool thing for us
one of those one of these days considering i'm paying off his fucking salary hey pasha
this is probably a be the with fucking models right now telling me
edits the sandbaggers
the shakoodly god
alright love you boys
have a great week everyone
pay attention to our
social media
to see where we will be
at Fort Lauderdale
and Vegas
Ibiza DJ you
