Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 448 of Spittin' Chicklets Presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here in the Barstool Sports Podcast Family
The whole gang is here in Las Vegas
Fired up, we're here for Game 5, just left for a lot of it for Game 4
Let's go around the circle here with the arm dog, Colby Armstrong
What's going on my man? What do you want me to get into right now? Fort Lauderdale for game four. Let's go around the circle here with the arm dog, Colby Armstrong.
What's going on, my man?
What do you want me to get into right now?
I mean, this has been unbelievable from getting to Fort Lauderdale to crushing the elbow room to burrito dinner with Gary Lawless.
I was going to ask you about the taco dinner.
Oh, buddy.
And then next morning, bright and early, right to Vegas immediately
and just been here ever since.
It's been a hell of a trip.
We haven't even got to game five yet here while we're in Vegas.
We usually like to vent our travel frustrations.
I mean, I think Witt started that off.
I've never talked about any travel frustrations besides Pearson.
Well, I openly hate Air Canada.
By the way, where are you coming in from?
Bali?
Where were you last before you ended up getting to Vegas?
This whole vacation thing, if you guys are looking for an apology for the vacations,
I don't know what to tell you.
I'll tell you right now.
He was in a health retreat.
Next year, I'm going to go on more.
And then the next year on that, I'm going to go on more.
And at some point when my kids are old enough, I'm going to live on vacation.
I won't even live anywhere.
If you think that I'm going to apologize for the vacations for my family you're fucking crazy biz i'll tell you that right now like a timeshare
ad deal or something merles could hop in the way you're going i've gone on vacation this year once
i think once but hey can we not all have a laugh at the fact that seemed like at least 22 weeks in
the row some member of his family was on vacation. Yeah, she's my wife.
And she runs the show and goes wherever she wants
and I just sit there and take it.
That's why he's here now.
He's allowed to come to Vegas.
That's why I'm here.
Hey, if I send you to Costa Rica, then Portugal,
can I go to Vegas with you guys?
Sure.
Wits travel agent is as rich as Jeff Bezos.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It is Jeff Bezos. It wasn yeah, yeah. It is Jeff Bezos.
It wasn't Amazon.
It was my travel budget.
Now, but a lot of the media members were complaining about the travel from Miami to Vegas.
I think that was a regular occurrence, just given maybe the lack of direct flights.
Which shocks me.
And the schedule changed the last second, I think.
No, but for those two cities, like Miami and vegas to me seem like there should be
40 direct flight today right those are just a city full of absolute party degenerates just
send them back and forth what are they like cocaine cousins no that's you no that was you
and vinnie viola's box we'll get into that guys all you listeners wait till you hear about our
i don't blame all right i heard it's the nicest granite in all of South Florida.
But we got to get a pray for army hashtag
because on that flight from Miami to Vegas,
you had to sit in a middle seat like a civilian.
I updated.
So you know how you go on, you check in,
you go to get your seat.
I upgraded.
Sick upgrade.
Of course, to an exit row.
So at least I was stretched out.
Nice.
Oh, okay.
But I was with these two, like, goon worker bees that were like, click, click, click, click, click, click, click.
They were on their laptops the whole time.
So I'm, like, grinding in the middle.
Thank God.
You know the seats how you can crank up the middle thing and then crank it around your head so your head can bottle?
Yeah, the neck brace.
The neck brace.
I cranked the neck brace up hard because I didn't want to fall on a guy.
So I was tired, man.
After the game, we got back late.
Then we had the 6 a.m. pickup Uber to get out, take the flight here,
which was, I think, a Merle idea, which was a good idea
because we got in at 11 o'clock in the morning,
which gave us a full day yesterday here to hang out.
To recover from your night with Gary Lawless.
Yeah, so my night with Gary Lawless for a burrito dinner.
What a beauty.
I love that guy.
But Merle, you did have a good idea, and I want you to share it with everybody.
I'm going to solve all these issues for everybody.
It's probably the worst.
What do you mean?
I love the idea.
Worst airline idea since Hooters.
So let me hear it.
Hey, we'll call it Chicklets Game Notes Air.
Yes.
Let's go.
Who did we see at 6 a.m. in Miami Airport?
Panger.
Darren Pang. Best guy pang the other guy
ever the other guy from sportsnet going by we see all these media taking dog shit flight the worst
times stop one guy came by i gotta do a stopover we see brady kachuk in the box you want to come
to game we could have been like let's go to game five with us we get it we get chiclets air we get a 200 seater and it's all
for me i think those are like 50 million maybe more no for a one flight what a spirit airline
they sell the tickets for 200 a pop say there's what 50 rows times six that's 300 seater and
they're selling them for 200 i'm gonna sell them for a thousand a pop You think I'm not going to sell that thing out
In between the finals
Between press and family
But if you get a Spirit plane
And buy all the seats
You still have to do security
And you're still on a Spirit airline
No it's not going to be Spirit
It's going to be a charter
It's going to be a charter
With that many seats
Do you understand that charters
Don't have to all be like beds
I don't think charter pricing works like that
Yes I took one plane for the Pittsburgh
Penguins. We were on a regular plane.
It was our charter when we were bankrupt.
You're welcome, Pittsburgh, for getting your
Sidney Crosby. Miami Air. It was Miami
Air, I remember. I'm telling you guys.
You guys don't want a part of it? I do.
I want it. I'm sorry.
Who are you going to hire
for staffing? Are you going to get Andre Wada
to hand out the appetizers? You put a cookie in his ass and away he goes. No, he said before, there's going to be for staffing? Are you going to get Andre Wada to hand out the appetizers?
You put a cookie in his ass and away he goes.
No, he said before, there's going to be craps the whole time.
That doesn't count.
There were star balloons.
That wasn't a seven.
I didn't roll that.
That was actually an 11.
Oh, busy.
I'm telling you, we're on to something here.
Everybody took terrible flights in between both cities.
There's definitely an idea there.
Somebody out there listening.
Well, that was a good intro for Army.
We kind of got off to a hot start there.
Anything else that you want to touch on from your in-game experience?
I saw you were pretty close to the glass in Florida for game four.
Can I say this?
I will start by saying this.
Thank you to the Florida Panthers.
Everyone and their staff, from Tiffany, the manager in the Panther Club,
which was so cool to get into, like Dan Marino, Chuck was in there, Charles Barkley.
Who else was in there?
Let me ask you, Dan Marino's a notorious, pretty mean guy.
I went right up to him when I saw him
because I met him at Lemieux's golf tournament years ago.
And I went right up to him.
I was just like, hey.
That was your in?
Yeah, I was like, hey.
You were a seeker.
How many words did Mario come up?
That's the first sentence.
He's just like, hey, Dan, Mario, Mario.
He's like, what the fuck?
I was like, hey, Dan, I met you at Mario Lemieux golf tournament
out in La Trobe, PA.
He's like, beat it, kid.
You get out of your skis.
He's like, ah, Mario Lemieux, son.
He's like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's cool.
I go golf back.
I go home every year.
I did golf at that course.
It's so nice.
I was like, yeah, yeah, it was so nice.
It was really good.
Chat with him for a second.
Weasel away from there.
Caldwell came in.
Gee, what's his title?
Caldwell?
He's the CEO of the team.
CEO of the team.
Thority must have been running around.
Thority was in there.
Thority was amazing.
Sean Thornton, everyone.
Yeah, Sean Thornton, ex-NHL or Stanley Cup champ.
He was amazing with people from their staff to the people that are members, kind of members at the Panther Club.
I guess it's going to change next year.
I was getting a whole.
Can you please explain in further detail what the Panther Club is?
It's like a speakeasy nightclub.
There was a DJ in the corner.
By the way, when the puck dropped, I thought the DJ would stop.
It didn't.
That's actually sick.
It was sick.
Like, I was like, this is unreal.
Free food, free booze the whole time you're in there. It was stop. It didn't. That's actually sick, though. It was sick. I was like, this is unreal. Free food, free booze the whole time you're in there.
It was unbelievable.
Gee, who's the guy that gave us the tickets, Sue?
Michael Casarius, Mark Zather, Bryce Hallweg.
They were all unbelievable.
Hey, they were unbelievable.
Is there any relation to Ryan Hallweg?
Yeah, it's his brother.
It's his brother.
No way.
He was the best, man.
It was the guy who poured the shots.
That's Hallweg's brother?
Oh, yeah. What a beauty. I played junior against Hallweg, shots. Just teaching it out. That's Hallway's brother? Oh, yeah.
What a beauty.
I played junior against Hallway, too.
Did R.A. get into this box?
R.A. came in, and then he probably should have been helicoptered out of there.
Wait, before R.A., though, Colby Armstrong ran this box.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, when I say he put on a show for the ages of networking,
at one point I look over, Vinny Violas got him in a headlock.
They're like fake punching each other, just best friends all of a sudden. a show for the ages of networking. At one point, I look over, Vinny Viola has got him in a headlock.
They're fake punching each other, just best friends all of a sudden. It was wild.
Army's trying to get a contract.
Chairman of the Florida Panthers now.
I'll tell you this, Vinny Viola has the greatest energy.
He's loving it. He's positive. He loves
his people. He loves his fans.
I was so impressed with him.
And Doug Sifu came up.
I introduced myself to him. And he's like, hey, I'm Doug Sifu came up. I introduced myself to him.
And he's like, hey, I'm Doug Sifu.
I'm like, oh, yeah.
He's like, hey.
I'm like, I'm with Spittin' Chicklets.
He goes, oh, make sure you tell Ryan Whitney.
Anytime he wants to come back here, he's welcome.
He played seven games for us.
And he's like, we'll never forget it.
And just tell him, you guys are doing a great job.
Thank you for everything.
Tell Witt he's allowed back anytime.
I literally went and hockey dbd i'm
like yeah he was right seven seven games zero goals zero assists minus zero points minus eight
no no he did say this he did say this he goes i think he was like minus five or something it was
actually mine i think it was seven i think it was minus one every game maybe minus three one game
and then you know whatever even another game i remember Kevin Dineen was the coach,
and he's like, all right, yeah, we gave you a shot,
but we're scratching it tonight.
And I was like, oh, that's okay.
And I got scratched three or four games,
and all of a sudden it was, you're on waivers.
And then I never saw the NHL again.
I got called up, but that was it.
I just got to go.
They called me up, I think, as like a nice,
like go out to LA and be with the team
and just go out, and that's it.
And then I was off to Russia.
Army talked him into a bobblehead night next year.
So you're going to have a bobblehead.
Ari was a human bobblehead.
All right.
Let's talk about your performance.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Before we go there.
Thank you, Florida Panthers.
Thank you, Vinny Viola.
Thank you, all their staff and everyone.
It was above and beyond.
So thank you, Florida.
I'll get that out of the way right now.
Everyone that you named G to RA is was okay
so back to RA so all right I wasn't there but what I've been told you were as fucked up as any
person's ever been and the question I have is when you looked over at Grinnelli and go and stuck your
tongue out with all these mushrooms and like why take mushrooms before an NHL Stanley Cup final game?
Maybe go to a concert and take mushrooms.
Let's backpedal on that.
I was given one microgram mushroom.
It was one stem that I took, I think, early.
That was a big stem.
It was still a microdose.
It wasn't anything that was going to fuck me up.
It's not like I was eating three grams going to a concert.
It was literally like a microdose.
So that's not what fucked you up?
So what fucked you up?
The fucking Pink Whitney shots, the Big Tail Brews,
the fucking then going to the Panther Den or Panther Bar
and drinking margaritas there.
I mean, I was fucking watching the game.
I was shit-faced, but I watched the game.
I didn't bother anybody.
I didn't break nothing.
Who scored?
Jesus Christ, I remember this dead soul.
I know Vegas went up 3-0.
Florida got the next two goals.
Barkov got the first one. And then actually, Montau got the next two goals. Barkov got the first one.
And then, actually, Martel got the first one.
Barkov got the second one.
There you go.
Okay.
Petrangelo put the puck over glass.
They had the six on foot.
Ended.
Big skirmish.
We screwed.
Because we really want to beat the crowd.
We want to get ahead of the crowd.
We screwed out of there.
I remember seeing Shane Knighty up there.
Like, this is one of those, like, oh, I got to peace tonight.
They got to text the guys out.
I mean, I was feeling good.
It's amazing to hear.
But, you know, I was feeling good.
But the fucking drinks were coming.
The waitress's bartender made a nice, stiff slap shot.
Can we show the video where the waitress is like, do you want a water, sir?
You should have a water.
I'm sure I could eat the mix with you.
I need a water.
But, like, I dare.
I need water.
I need water.
That's our plan.
Are we waiting to see biz?
Are we out of here?
What are we doing?
I don't know.
What do you think?
Go, Cats, go.
It was crazy.
Yeah, I don't know.
I had a good time.
I don't know.
Like I said, I didn't bother anybody.
What did you see?
Morales has been in every Stanley Cup final.
Wait, time out, though.
Time out.
Time out.
Pasha just texted me this.
We didn't want to beat the crowd.
We left almost an hour after the game.
I remember you saying, like, let's go this way or something.
Let's leave the arena because we're getting kicked out.
No, it's like a hop-to situation.
Like, all right, let's go.
Sometimes we all get scattered, and everyone ends up going to a different exit.
The cool thing about the Panther Club, though, and I wasn't there, but I was told.
So they don't close until the
last person wants to leave so the girl apparently was like we've been here till 5 a.m before so it's
not like no it's a lot of arenas are done in the third period serving booze or after the game you
gotta go like there it's a club like you're staying until you want to leave sandwiches
macaroni and cheese people are ordering stuff it's coming out non-stop i thought people like
paying for it i had no clue like what rink do you go to that that that you don't have to pay like i don't i don't know i
don't understand this well it's a private box but i get what you're saying but yeah anyways everyone's
just grabbing these things off of it and like just pounding food like were you able to get in there
yeah so the funny part is the house red wine is camas you know like camas the fifty dollars a
glass that's just the house red in there and just's sick. Just so you know, I know we did this last week.
You were calling it Vegas Voice.
This is just permanently my voice now.
You know, I've done it.
I think it was at PFT called it the Chickless Decathlon,
if you could do every game of this series.
I've done it so far.
I've done all five games.
Florida Panthers treated us well.
I had my Rainbow game, and and it won I was on them
it was tough I had to go against them
Dark Cloud came over
the entire city and it was
so awkward being in there the whole time
cheering for the night
I wasn't cheering but
everybody knew they're like I heard you went against us
I heard you went against us
a prominent NHLer who has a
brother in the series is like I heard you went against them the heard you went against us yeah a prominent nhl who has a brother in the
series is like i heard you went against them the night and i'm like what what are you talking about
i'm like no he's like i was so scared to say that i was on buddy when i went down in the crowd
mer too like i don't know if you felt this we're right below where busy's uh was just up from i
waved at you at one time you waved at us it was awesome and uh when i went down in there everyone
was like yeah they were cheering for us and shit it's kind of cool to feel because I'm like, this is sick.
And then we sat down and we're in third row from the glass.
So it's like every hardcore fan.
And these guys were all over me a little bit about me being on Vegas.
Oh, they already knew.
Okay.
Well, they saw the noon show that we did, the Game Notes Daily.
Well, we should probably get. I mean, we haven't spoken since Game 2 ended, right?
Last time we did the pod, it was 2-0 Vegas.
It looked like it could be a sweep.
And Game 3 was the rainbow game.
And if you haven't been watching Game Notes Daily, which has crushed it,
even in the finals, every game we got a show.
We'll have one tomorrow or today for you guys listening at noon.
Murley was working out and happened to see a giant rainbow
over the Atlantic Ocean.
And because of that, it was the Panthers.
I don't really know why.
I don't know what, but it worked.
It stretched the entire view along the Atlantic on that side
from our hotel past Elbow Room all the way up to Pompano,
all the way up to West Palm Beach,
all the way up to Jordan's Course.
It went the whole distance of Florida.
And I was like, this has got to be a good sign for Florida.
So that's why I took Florida.
The funny thing is, I was laughing at you for that.
Because it was like, oh, what a lunatic.
Like, rainbow play.
Like, oh, my God, it's Pride Month.
Then we started saying, there's rainbows everywhere.
What's this animal thinking?
And then all of a sudden.
No, it's just a target.
He was right.
He was right.
Yeah, he was right.
But that was a great game.
I mean, amazing comeback.
Why don't we get into how game three went, I guess, all right?
Absolutely.
First off, we do have to thank Ted Ruth down at Fort Lauderdale, too.
We had a little meet up there.
Thank you, Pink Whitney, Big Dale Brew.
Anybody else we're leaving out here?
G, right?
No.
So that's the Rat King shirt you had on at the game.
Has that been washed since?
Actually, this is a brand-new copy.
No, I had two on the road.
The one arm might be stretch out for me holding him up while we were walking.
Oh, and who else was that?
My stunt double was in the box, too.
Who?
Bill Daly.
Bill Daly was in there.
We kind of, like, sized each other up.
I'm like, people are saying I look like you for a long time now.
Just two Scott Van Pelt hanging out.
So Posh is like, go stand next to him and play with your phone,
because he was on his phone.
I don't know if they sent the picture to him.
No, I saw that.
Yeah, it was pretty good stuff.
So, yeah, thanks to Tin Roof once again.
Guys, before we keep going, you know what I'm here to talk about,
and that is the pink drank, New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney.
And let me tell you, today at 1 o'clock at the Beer House,
it's going to be flowing.
It was flowing down in Florida at the Tin Roof before the finals game 3 and house, it's going to be flowing. It was flowing down in Florida at the tin roof before the finals game 3 and 4.
It's going to be flowing tonight.
We got people doing shots.
We got people doing the energy drink with the Pink Whitney.
And we got people just Pink Whitney on the rock sometimes.
Those are the true savages.
So I think, Merle, you saw it all the way down the beach, right?
I take it with the soda water.
And when I'm on the beach now This guy put a lime on it
Just on top
It just made me feel like I was on vacation
And I'm looking forward to it in Nashville
When we're there for the draft
Because we're going to be getting a couple sandbaggers in
And is there anything better than the birdie juice?
No, it gets us going
It gets the liquid
The birdie juice
The sailing juice
The fishing juice
You can use it in any single aspect of your life besides driving.
And other than that, you're drinking Pink Whitney.
You're enjoying life, catching a buzz, loving the pink drink.
So Army's holding it up.
We're about to chug some ourselves in Vegas.
Let's go, Beer House, Pink Whitney.
Let's enjoy it.
Yeah, you want to go back to Game 3 with that overtime.
Let's go right to that Tripp McCall right away.
Was that a bullshit call? I mean, he got knocked down well it was going into
overtime yeah 10 seconds yeah last 10 seconds in regulation i felt that uh yeah a few a few calls
florida's gotten hosed on even there was one in uh and over the course of of game four but i don't
think it's that like nobody's denying that it was an awful call and in real time i think gretzky
pointed out on the broadcast he's like unless like, nobody's denying that it was an awful call. And in real time, I think Gretzky pointed out on the broadcast,
he's like, unless you're for sure, with that much time left,
given the stakes of the game, you've got to fucking make sure
that you 100 saw what happened.
And they ended up getting shafted.
At least they ended up getting the right guy, so to speak,
as to who he made contact with originally, who it was Forsling.
Yeah, Forsling, yeah.
But, I mean, the coolest part about all of it was uh Paul Maurice's
uh speech right before the overtime started I don't know if you guys ended up seeing the whole
thing and and just how he's been able to motivate his players throughout the whole course of the run
and and sure shit they get the kill and then they finally ended up scoring an overtime but the only
reason that they ended up getting there Matthew K Kachuk, man, another magical performance.
I mean, was there any surprise that he was able to not only get that assist,
then he gets knocked out of the game, goes to concussion protocol,
and then finds a way to tie the fucking thing in the last three minutes
of the game?
I think that, and we'll go back into the over, whatever,
this game and everything, but what Matthew Kachuk's doing right now
is it's pretty mind-blowing because
when these injuries and we're not going to give it away when these injuries come out what this
kid's playing with right now it's he's basically mel gibson in the final scene of braveheart
screaming freedom as his head's about to get cut off because this dude has about i don't know i'm
gonna say three if not four major injuries. And you can tell
you're watching, you know, he didn't even play, I think the last 10 minutes of the third period,
they put him out in game four, trying to tie it, but he's doing whatever he can. And he talked
about coming back into the game to Kyle Bukowskis, I believe his name is about it's the Stanley Cup,
it's kind of like a final. That's why I'm back. He has no business playing. He, I would, I would
go on a limb saying he could miss two months if it
was the regular season right now and you see what he's doing and you see how hard he's playing and
you just got to give him respect i mean he's got nothing left and you can everyone can tell it and
he's still out there he almost ties up game four but he was able to show up in game three he's
he's uh he's billy bob right now in uh in vars Blues. He's just getting put back out there. Bud Kilmore just saying, go back out there.
They're like, don't stick that needle in his knee.
Dude, you stick that needle in his knee.
If you stick that needle in his knee, I'm not coming out.
And Chuck's like, get the fuck out and close the door.
Stick that needle in me, motherfucker.
That's what's happening right now.
He wants it.
But that was a ballsy win in game three because to tie it up late
and then to get that kill
because there's a lot of times where if you get a penalty late and it's a legit call,
it's like, all right, guys, let's get this kill.
And if you get a penalty called against you that's bullshit, and that play, I mean,
was it Stone, I believe, who cut into the middle on the penalty?
Stevenson.
Stevenson, excuse me.
He caught the foot of the defender.
It wasn't a trip.
At that point in the game, Stanley Cup final, you don't call it in my eyes.
A lot of times when you get a shit call against you,
it's harder to get the kill in a way, right?
You're like, you're so down and you're so rattled that it was a bullshit call,
but they buckled down.
They got the 12 seconds, then they finished it off in overtime and got the win.
That could have been pretty easy for them to just be like, oh, my God.
And it could have been easy for LA, I mean, Vegas,
to get an OT,
OT winner right there on the power play.
So it was amazing that they were able to get back in the series.
But personally watching,
I still said,
God,
it took them that much to win a game. Yeah.
It still seemed like game four was going to be all Vegas.
And it turned out to be that way.
The biggest thing I mush,
I was texting with Vegas insider,
Migsie.
I was like,
this fucking game's over because
remember they couldn't get they couldn't get any shots through yeah they had 17 shots on net for
the first 57 minutes of the game and like we're talking about one and dones not much no nothing
and i think it all goes back to this this i mean vegas is depth we can talk about it till we're
blue in the face but their fucking depth on D and their defenders
and how they get sticks on pucks, how they close on you.
And you mentioned being able to sit three rows up behind the glass.
That's where you really start noticing how quick that guys are getting closed on
where there's no time and space to make plays.
And on top of that, sacrificing their body.
We've mentioned the top two shot blockers in the league with mcnab and um
and martinez and how well of a job they've done but even all the way down they're they're they're
fifth and sixth fifth and sixth defense when their third pairing their fifth sorry i got vegas vegas
mouth cotton right now rudo marvel i got into one of ra's bags. No, it'd be way worse.
No, no, it was way worse.
Pulling a corner would be coming up here.
But their third pairing looks like a fucking first pairing out there right now.
In game four, they ended up being on the ice for every goal four
and chipped in offensively on each of the goals.
Hag with two assists and White Cloud with one.
So they are just a well-oiled machine.
And you talk about one team fighting off all these injuries.
And you mentioned just Kachuk.
There's probably like five or six guys that will be off
for probably about six weeks to two months once this is over
and the laundry list of injuries come out
where it feels like the Russian versus Rocky,
at least in the earlier rounds right now.
So if there's any chance for this Florida team to come back,
Bob's going to have to pull a rabbit out of his ass in Game 5.
They're going to have to bring in some spiritual healer.
I mean, I don't know if Ayahuasca could do the trick on this team right now,
but I don't think they have a chicken-dick's chance in hell
of winning Game 5 in Vegas.
That's just my opinion.
And as far as Kachuk's concerned too,
coming out of the box, or excuse me,
as Petrangelo came out of the box in game four,
just like the shitstorm that he caused,
even being injured the way he is,
I thought it really embodied what this Florida team's all about.
Well, they know each other pretty well, right?
Like with Petro being in St. Louis that long,
and they have had some battles this year.
I think he lived at Kachuk's house when he first came in there, didn't he?
Did he live with Keith when he was a rookie maybe?
I think he was a rookie, and he came in there, and he lived with him.
But Petro, no, we did training camp with him.
I don't know him very well, but I also didn't really understand.
He's a prick out there.
Yeah, he's an asshole.
He's dirty, and all credit to him, right?
He's huge. He's way bigger than people realize. He's so good at there. Yeah, he's an asshole. He's dirty and all credit to him, right?
He's huge.
He's way bigger than people realize.
He's so good at getting the puck out.
He's just a great all-around true number one defenseman,
but he's a prick,
and I think you've seen Kachuk and him go back and forth.
It shows.
I don't care how friendly we are.
This is the Stanley Cup.
Fuck you.
But Kachuk, like you said, the guy can barely stand up right now,
and he's still starting a melee at the end of game four.
So it's amazing.
And Vegas, or sorry, Florida has finally met a team
that's really not intimidated them.
I would say Boston wasn't, but I feel like they didn't have an answer
for how they were trying to beat these bullies and these thugs out there,
where Vegas seems unbothered.
We talk about the size of the team, and obviously that plays a big factor,
but they're not...
I mean, all these antics and shit,
they knew it was happening coming into the series,
but even throughout,
it really hasn't had the impact it has had
on the other three series in the East.
So Colasar, by the way,
is the best fourth liner in the NHL.
Oh, he's a fucking dude.
And I guess him and Wa and Carrier,
they could all...
Wa's not a fourth liner. No, I don't think any of them are. Maybe Carrier, they could all... Wa's not a fourth liner.
No, I don't think any of them are.
Maybe Carrier on most teams' fourth liner.
16 goals this season in 56 games.
I think all of those guys on 28 of 32 teams...
He's a second or third liner, but on a good team, he's a third or fourth liner.
You're on a good team.
How old is Colasar? Can you look that up, GQuick?
Colasar's upbeat.
Because if you tell me,
if he's like 24, 25,
he might end up being a second or third line.
Maybe I'm totally wrong,
and I got recency bias going,
but this guy,
he's a machine out there.
He doesn't have his greatest touch on finishing.
If he cleaned that up,
he'd be one of the best
big body, straight line,
complimentary players. He's 26 years old. He'd be Baryshev. Yeah, he'd be like at the one of the best big body straight line compliment 26 years old
he'd be barbashuff yeah he'd be like tom wilson like that it's just it's just it's an amazing
team and i'd be very shocked if tonight that florida can extend this series now merle's made
a good point like everyone's picking vegas everyone they're minus 175 going into tonight's game
it's still that final game though
and closing it out is the hardest one and you got Bobrovsky and you got this team of warriors on
Florida I think Vegas gets it done tonight but it's definitely the hardest one to get
Merle but it would be pretty I mean um I don't know the word I'm looking for but they lost game
five right against Washington and and they could win game five at home to get oh it's very symbolic
yes that's the word you're similar I guess in a sense but um and ironically enough army was at
that game army was at game five oh shit when they pulled the cop out murals I mean from a gambling
perspective everybody's picking Vegas uh but this Florida team they're like a bad rash they won't go
away so what are you feeling yeah and feeling? And you could feel the tightness
from Vegas just even in that game
four. They're up 3-0 like, oh,
we're almost there. We almost got it. And they
tightened up. They got a little nervous. They let
them back in the game. So that's going to be
right there tomorrow. They're going to be so
nervous and so tight
that Florida will have a chance.
I am not making an official
pick right this minute. I'm still going to wait. I'm not making an official pick right this minute.
I'm still going to wait.
I'm going to wait for a sign or two.
A rainbow.
Yeah, a rainbow.
But I was in Vegas for games one and two.
This place is bonkers.
I can't wait.
I want to ask you about that.
It's completely bonkers.
So you've been in both places.
Izzy, you've been in both places.
End of the game, Pasha and you and me are sitting down there.
I go, hey, let's get out of here.
Let's go up top.
So at least we're up there.
So when it ends, we're not wrestling with fans to get up steps and get the elevator,
get back to the Panther Club.
Pasha got what when the shit hit the fan down there with the gong show and Montour comes
in, rams over McNabb.
Everyone starts launching shit on the ice.
Trash move.
Trash move.
They've got criticized for it. Rightfully so.
Pasha said guys were getting
straight ropes
with rats at their heads down at the
glass because we were behind the net.
So there's a netting. So if you don't get it over the...
You don't get it over the net, but some people just launch you
probably from upper deck and they're just coming
raining down on Pasha. I left them there.
Pasha's like, I'm not going up.
I'm not going up.
I'll explain the
two arenas in the best I can.
In Vegas, it feels
like it's a little steeper and a little
tighter on them. And
their colors are black and gold
and it's just...
And the arena
infrastructure is all dark and it just
feels like a harder place. When you go down to
Florida, it's more open and then their jersey colors are red and that baby blue and it it feels more of
like a circus like a carnival like a friendly atmosphere and it's also yeah i think that makes
sense the biggest arena in the league it is um it's it's almost too big in a sense throughout
the year like if it was like almost 4 000 seats smaller it'd be like a little better atmosphere
year like if it was like almost 4 000 seats smaller it'd be like a little better atmosphere but um you just reminded me the the oldest i've felt in a long time i'm 40 army's over 40 you're
whatever 40 let's keep that i'm 40 nobody needs to know you look young take it easy shut up my
r is 73 so we got a week last night we go to dinner and we're at this beautiful restaurant
actually amazing food beauty in essex it's called
in the cosmopolitan biz everyone's in there they're getting ready for a big night out you
know it's sunday in vegas but it's saturday anywhere else dude we're so old us three have
our phone we have our phone lights on to read the menu yeah i was like that's usually a sign it was
a sign we shouldn't be it's all these young studs and women looking beautiful,
getting food, getting ready to go out.
We got our reading glasses on and our iPhone trying to read what the menu is.
So talk about dark.
That was a depressing night for us.
No, more depressing than that is all of us were in bed by 10 p.m.
Our first night in Vegas.
That sounds responsible.
I don't know.
This isn't what we're supposed to do.
We have to do it for everybody else out there.
We got to do it for all the listeners.
They want to hear the stories of us out all night.
I landed at 10 a.m., dude.
I did 12 hours here.
I lost everything.
I had to go to bed.
I was wondering your guys' thoughts on who,
if you had to pick right now, would win the Conn Smythe
because it's a difficult decision.
So, Biz, I asked that last night to Murls,
thinking it's a...
I kind of have Eichel and Marchessault,
and then Aiden Hill.
If he has a shutout, you never know he's been so good.
I guess Marchessault's minus 600.
So, yeah, so Marchessault's the clear favorite.
I just think because over the last three rounds,
it's very, I don't want to say recency biased.
It's like a goal of game.
Right, right.
But I feel the way that eichel's distributing the puck
and when you're a centerman you have so many more responsibilities i would i would say i would put
them neck and neck and i would say that the last game is actually going to play a factor into it
and and i i tend to believe that the league wants its stars shining so he thinks the league wants
a misfit because he was an original Vegas Golden Knight
in terms of martial arts.
Wow, okay, so that's one theory.
But I will say, going to the Aiden Hill pick,
I don't look at this run being
an unbelievable goaltending performance.
Although his numbers are incredible,
he's done a great job.
He doesn't even sweat, I think,
the team in front of him.
He's came up big when he's had to.
Like in that Dallas series, he had two shutouts.
But overall, how the team's playing, I feel like any competent goalie
could have stepped in there and give them the ability to win a net.
I would have to break it down to either Marchessault or Eichel.
I think that Eichel's going to win it, but he's going to have to have a big game five.
So let me tell you these odds.
I don't know if it's a glitch on the Barstool Sportsbook,
but Marchessault right now, minus 670 jack eichel plus 2000 so jack eichel 20 to 1 if he gets a hat
yeah imagine he gets a couple goals tomorrow in the game winner like that is value if you ever
talk about value wow eight and hill 10 to 1 i don't know if this is a glitch but there are
three points tonight i couldn't even have three tonight I couldn't even imagine what Marchessault's
numbers would have been going out of the second round
he didn't have a goal in the first round
he lit up Edmond
what would have been coming into playoffs
a lot
30-40 to one
I think anyone at the start of the first round
is going to be pretty high
but I do want to go back mentioning Eichel because we didn't really go over the hit that he took from Matthew Kachuk in Game 3.
Kind of crazy in the sense of we know the surgery that he's had.
And right when he got hit, it looked bad.
Like, it looked like he was real fucked up, like maybe his shoulder and neck.
And as he was skating off, he looked like all mangled and like he comes right back into the game after leaving gets a beautiful assist on that goal
in the third period he looked inspired hey i was happy for him though in a sense of like
that looked like that hit could have really fucked him up and he was able to bounce back
and kind of come back and make an immediate impact and then he took the puck off the neck in game four
so he's been battling through a lot as well but for a guy with like scary injury history you're just happy that it hasn't been anything serious i'd be blown
away just from watching if it's not like i i appreciate marsh so a lot i love the way he plays
i just think eichel's done so much like as a center opposed to a wing. Yeah, so much on both sides of the puck. His own end through the playoffs.
Just clutch play, playmaking.
He passed that one the other day to Marshall.
So, dude, amazing, beautiful pass.
The thread, the needle through the seam.
He's just making so much happen.
His defensive play has been awesome.
He's strong as shit.
Like folding just in half and slamming the ice what was that game two
i was or game one maybe even i was like like this guy is doing more than i thought that he was and
a lot of stuff he got criticized for through much of his career thus far he's been the opposite and
he's been unbelievable i i'd be blown away. Who picks this? Talk about pressure coming in, too, as far as your first-ever playoff run.
Now, based on expectations, this has to be the most well-executed
as far as Eichel's concerned.
Who else has ever had an impact like that in their first-ever playoffs?
Well, we had the Mark Reckie stat, I believe.
31 points.
31 points in his first playoff.
And he didn't win the consmite that year?
I don't even know.
Holy shit. Mario probably had 30 points. 31 points in his first playoff. And he didn't win the consmite that year? I don't even know.
Holy shit. I don't know.
Mario.
Oh, yeah.
Mario probably had 30 points.
Yeah, Mario, 20 playoff games, 96 points.
Let's give him the consmite.
Another big boost.
I mean, Chandler Stevenson you even saw in game four.
The middle of the ice is where they've been so dominant all playoff long.
I mean, we really haven't seen much offensively from William Carlson I would say over the last two rounds but
he hasn't had to be he's been that that more responsible defensive center and and Stevenson's
just picked up his offensive game another and I never realized how fast he was and then you get
into the building and then you see even adds adds another fucking element of speed as well when you get to see him live in the flesh.
He's that bull-legged guy.
The bull-legged guys that can skate so fast and so strong.
When we interviewed him at the All-Star game, he came into the room,
not a huge guy, but jack.
And you can tell.
And then he did the fastest skater, did real well.
I mean, this would be his second cup in this building
if they're able to get it done tonight.
So just an amazing player, a great pickup for them when they did grab him.
And just one of those guys that was in Washington playing a certain role
and the whole time he even told us in the interview,
believed he could do more, and now he's had the chance.
So, yeah, it's an incredible team.
One of 11 Western players on the team not including kelly mccrimmon
who's from manitoba as well they have manitoba guys dc guys sasky guys alberta guys all through
this lineup challenger seems to from my hometown like unbelievable what he's turned into he's a
fourth liner in washington when he started and look at him now. Just an absolute stud.
Going for a second cup in this building just like you.
An absolute stud.
Just like me.
With all those injuries for Florida,
I thought Lundell's done a great job of stepping up.
I guess my comments were for Florida,
with the one-and-dones,
they don't really have much deception to their offense right now
where they're just trying to do the same thing
they've been doing every series,
which doesn't seem to be working.
And one thing that Vegas does well is they do that pop-out play for the forward,
the F3, where they almost go three guys across the blue line sometimes.
And with Vegas being so good in the house,
you've got to try to do as much as possible to draw guys outside of that
to create a little bit more freewheeling open space.
And they just haven't been doing that.
It just seems to be if they go low to high,
they just all clog up the middle of the ice where, well,
with the fact that they're getting in lanes every time,
everything's getting blocked and nothing's getting through.
So it's just like the quality of chances Florida's getting
with the amount of shots they're getting,
it's going to take a miracle and more planko bounces like we saw from Montour
for them to even have a chicken mix chance
Mixer goals
That was the ultimate mixer
But dude you watch the game Murr we were right down on the glass
They have a
It's like they're
Second guessing double clutching or just waiting
That they have that one second
To thread a puck through and they're not putting it through
Like so many times we sat down there
We're like get it through no one they're not putting it through. So many times we sat down there, we're like, get it through.
No, one more step.
Gone.
Oh, get it through.
One more step.
They're looking for a better shot pass, or they're looking for a thing,
and instead of just rifling it through.
And a lot of people are saying, hey, get it through, get it through.
Aiden Hill's not that good.
He's just a big guy. To their defense, though, when you watch from the top angle sometimes,
you would say, oh, yeah, get it through.
It's easy.
But I'm telling you, man, Vegas is so good positioning
where there's just really not that much room to get it through.
And the last thing you want to do as a D-man,
or if you're the forward popping out, is getting the thing blocked.
And I just  like I said, they just
they haven't really given any different looks.
They're very predictable in the way that they're trying to do it
where it just seems like Vegas is just like,
okay, we'll keep doing what we're doing,
tight house, eat pucks,
and then we're going to get out of the zone clean.
Game three, Sam Bennett dances across the blue line,
cuts the middle, hits for Hagee,
long bomb shot through traffic,
just got it through.
The game-tying goal in that game,
Kachuk in the front of the net.
Ekblad just launches it,
and they never really shoot from the flanks
which I don't know why
and I do know why it's because
they're deterred
because of the way back
deterred because Vegas is always in the way
they're getting so many shots blocked so it's like
negatively I think affecting
their approach offensively where they're just
not they're not putting pucks
in there they're looking for the next thing.
You can say shoot pucks, and if every time you shoot it's getting blocked,
subconsciously you're even like, this isn't getting through.
I've got to try to make a pass.
Boom, picked off, going the other way.
And I think that's the business point with their D.
And when we sat down there, how fast they close, how they get in lanes,
how they're always in the way.
And I think that's been a mental bomb on them
in creating those shitty opportunities in around the net. And the mixer, get into the way. And I think that's been a mental bomb on them in creating those shitty opportunities in and around the net.
And the mixer, get into the mixer.
It's suffocated that ability from their game.
How about Montour having a kid in between?
He did a down and back.
He did a down and back across the country.
Buddy, we called it on him.
Rose has done that four times this series.
He did look a little bit off in the first two games.
He looked like he was running around too much,
more worried about hitting.
Or his kid being born.
Well, then you end up finding out
because I don't think that they wanted anybody knowing.
So it finally came out media-wise
after game two had been played.
But hey, he fucking steps up in both games offensively.
That game one, it was more of what you need to see from them
where they finally win a battle on the wall and then they get it to the middle and get one through so i don't know boys
the game three one i thought in game uh was it game three that he had the goal yeah because it
was so on game notes daily we got the stat from one of our on the chat you know i'm hovering around
that chat someone said someone came in and was like hey montour hasn't a point a point in 10 games i'm
like really is that true believe it we're like what you didn't have a point in the eastern
conference finals yeah so we went back and look i quickly pulled it up while we were on the show i
looked at it zero points in 10 games plus the kid thing we're like he's scoring for sure tonight for
sure for sure and so sure enough boom he comes out and rips it right over. So many people had him plus 2200 on the score bet.
Everybody was sending me pictures first.
Yeah.
Love that.
That's so good to hear.
Love it.
Guys, before we continue with this podcast, we need to talk about Discover.
I just learned Discover credit cards do something pretty awesome.
At the end of the first year, they automatically double all the cash back you've earned.
That's right.
Everything you've earned doubled.
All the cash back from getting head-to-toe
hockey gear, doubled. All the cash
back from going to every away game this year,
doubled. And the best part,
you do not have to do anything
ridiculous to get it. Nope. Discover
does it automatically. See terms
and check it out for yourself
at discover.com slash match.
Florida's special team has been a disaster.
Awful.
I mean, so many bad penalties, not last game.
Game three, I mean, two bad penalties led to two goals.
Vegas is 6-for-19 on the power play.
Panthers 0-for-13 on the power plays in the final,
giving up the six goals they just said.
They've only led for 19 out of 244 minutes.
Now, as far as the power play, is it a personnel thing?
Is it a coaching thing?
They seem like they're going back to the well over and over again and nothing's changing what are you
saying with um so i i think that with your best player being injured that's an immediate impact
in terms of the power play and kachuk getting in front and his usual just like sticking guys and
getting in there it's just so hard for him to do it right now and i think vegas's blocking shots
is such a deterrent to a power play
where not only are you looking for the perfect play
like five on five,
five on four, it gets even worse.
You can be ripping away,
you get shots blocked,
you're like, all right, let's just go tic-tac-toe,
and it's impossible against them.
So they have guys that can do the job.
I mean, I don't know injury-wise.
I think Bennett hasn't been Bennett.
No.
I kind of, I was like, I'm watching the game. I think Bennett hasn't been Bennett. No. I kind of
Where is he?
I'm watching the game.
I'm like, oh, man.
Like he was just so dominant like physically and stuff.
And he just  I don't know what he's battling through.
But he hasn't been the same.
Barkov at times  I think Barkov's been pretty solid in this series actually.
But it's just when you run into a great PK and a big goalie
and then you're trying to make the fancy play,
it's a recipe for a disaster.
Yeah, and I mean, in games three and four,
there were some fucking bonehead penalties.
Yeah.
They were going to get on the power play because of the carrier one,
and then Gutis ends up cross-checking them, negating it,
and then that's when they ended up taking one when they were four on four,
and then Vegas ends up getting a power play.
In the first three games, two power play goals each game for Vegas.
Florida, they've been undisciplined all year,
and they've found a way to just get away with it,
even if they have given up those goals.
But the PK is not good enough, especially against a team like Vegas,
who's going to be able to take advantage.
And as far as the power play is concerned, very one-dimensional.
90 of the power play is being played by that top unit.
So they don't really have trust in that second unit.
So not only are they getting the same looks,
they're getting them over and over.
And you mentioned how much of an aspect
and how much of an impact Kachuk has on it.
He was often that low guy on the goal line
and he kept trying to go to that middle slot pass,
whether it was Reinhardt or maybe Bennett as the flank,
and it felt like they were trying that too much
where it seemed at some point where it was like
they're allowing Kachuk to walk in,
so maybe just take it to the blue paint
and try a stuff play.
Because I was even asking Edzo and Jonesy,
I'm like, they're not scoring,
they're not really changing it up.
What would you like them to see do differently? And and there's like look what they're giving them here
and they showed me and it's just it's in kachuk's case that's where he does most of his damage
draw the guys in and then who knows maybe there'll be just a shit sandwich puck laying around for
those guys to kind of collapse and tap it in and not only the garbage goal but i've had many coaches
tell me that you do that once he does one jam everything opens up
and then it opens up right so at least try that to it's just been so one-dimensional all aspects
of their offense where for vegas this is just a fucking snooze it makes them look robotic a little
bit too and we've said this watching them like florida the way they operate it's just it's just
they have like it's like looks like they have like a meeting on something that might work
and that's all they're looking for.
And so it's like it's handcuffing them in fluidly playing
or being like automatic skilled guys that can just do their thing.
So that's what I've noticed too.
But we said this coming into the series,
one of the X factors we said is going to be the power player special
team situation positively towards well let's not forget too that their pk is horrible because you
got the six goals in the first three games against them in this series i believe that the bruins
broke a record for the most power play goals in one series in the first round against florida
didn't they have like a record for if only we only we had a Bruins fan on the podcast, though.
Too bad he switched to Florida.
Didn't the Bruins have like a ridiculous amount of power play goals in that series?
So it's like, I think that the penalty kill for Florida has, it's not shocking that it
sucks because it sucked the whole time.
So it's just, it's one of those things where like, basically the mojo, the injuries, it
kind of all ran out.
And then the series isn't over yet, but in my mind it is.
I never thought that Luce DeRinan, losing him,
was going to be such a big thing.
Has that come out what it was?
It must be something serious.
Yeah, that was such a
They didn't have the depth to be able to lose him in this series.
And the fourth
And I hate to single guys out.
I just feel like Lamborghini
Lamborghini was not the X factor, you thought.
Cousins.
Taking the worst penalties.
Cousins is quiet.
Whitey, just nothing from that bottom six whatsoever.
And if anything, Vegas has been able to sick their fourth line
on Florida's top lines,
and I think they've walked away with a plus goal differential.
Size is a factor.
I mean, those guys are effective physically, usually,
but they're playing against, I mean, they're coming in against a weapon.
You know, like, these guys are huge.
It's kind of unusual, too.
Both teams are 0-1 on the power play in Game 4,
but the penalty minutes are 28-4.
This is all the shit at the end.
Kachuk got 14 at the end of Montauk, got 12 with all that skirmish going on.
But they do got their work cut out for them, Biz.
This will be the fourth time that Florida's looking to stave off elimination tonight.
Only team to come back down 3-1 in the Stanley Cup final, like we said before,
the 42 Leafs, they were actually down 3-0.
Vegas hasn't had a three-game losing streak since way back in January.
And the last team to come back down 3-1 twice in a playoff was Minnesota back in 03
when Andrew Burnett put a bow on Patrick Wesker way back in the day.
So they got their work cut out for them tonight.
Yeah, and before we move on from this series,
I think it was very mature of me to mention the Oilers last week,
and I think I have to again because my main man, Bob Stauffer,
he actually reached out to me.
He said, Ryan, great job pumping up the Oilers.
And he sent me a couple things.
Let's at least get him out there, right?
I'm going to read you the text.
Great job sticking up with the Oilers, Ryan.
That's what we do.
It was a 2-2 series with Vegas.
Both of Edmonton's wins were convincing.
5-1, 4-1.
Pretty legit.
It was 2-2.
We won two games, 9-2 combined.
Edmonton outshoots Vegas 75-53 in games five and six.
Vegas gets seven power plays in game five and wins four to three.
Like, God, they got seven PPs that game.
We barely lost that game.
Oilers outshoot Golden Knights 40-22 in game six
when we're trying to force that game seven.
Aiden Hill steals the game with 38 saves.
Full marks to the Golden Knights.
They're an amazing team, but I must
mention, speaking of luck,
the Golden Knights are on
a record-setting PDO heater
with an exclamation point. In my mind,
I said, what's PDO? Well, he explained.
PDO is a combined 5
on 5 shot percentage, offensively
and save percentage. So,
Vegas is scoring at a ridiculous
amount on their 5 on 5 shooting, and they're getting saves at a ridiculous amount on their five-on-five shooting,
and they're getting saves at a ridiculous amount.
So like we said, luck has a lot to do with it.
I'm not saying they're winning the Stanley Cup because of luck.
I'm just saying the Edmonton Oilers are right there.
And I want to say through Game 4,
they've outscored opponents in the second period
30-10 throughout these playoffs.
And that's the long change period.
That's the long change period as well.
So they have, do you know what their shooting percentage is,
five on five?
No, he didn't say.
He just wrote the best, like best ever
since the start of the analytics era in 2008.
Wow.
Before we move on from the series,
let me give you two nuggets for you Florida Panthers fans
and Florida Panthers bettors out there.
Number one, I picked Vegas to win in five.
I did a barstool boost up to 575 on it.
You did.
You seen me at the tables earlier.
We're cold.
We're cold.
So that's one thing in your favor, R.A.
The second one, little nugget for you.
Florida Panthers changed hotels this trip.
Games one and two, they're out west at
a different hotel at the practice rink they moved back down to the strip they moved back to the
strip they're practicing at t-mobile i saw forrest today we were walking around on the strip
mike happy birthday guy was shocked i knew it was his birthday swedish guy they've changed their
mojo so they're not done yet.
So because of COVID and the fact that they haven't traveled here every year,
I want to say Florida, since Vegas' existence,
they've played here seven times.
They've never won a game.
That's correct.
Okay, that takes away my nuggets.
Yes, they've yet to win a game here.
So changing it up. Maybe they should just get after it.
There we go.
Fuck it, right? I'll go out on the night. If they're on the strip, watch out for all those pros at the hotel. here so uh changing it up maybe they should just get after it here we go fuck it right
if they're on the strip which all of those pros
imagine they called ra and is there like spiritual here lord they win the next three games 10 nothing
each game they're all doing shrooms before the game all right before we go any further
i gotta talk to you about mugsy jeans absolute weapon these guys are they're coming out with things
all the time guys they're coming out with like insane stuff like golf peril you can get anything
they made ra look great they made ra great i mean how do you make ra look great put them in mugsy
jeans boom dunzo dunzo unbelievable mugsy makes the most comfortable jeans chinos joggers ever
there's no question about it i love it made from buttery soft patent stretch materials
that look stylish but are insanely comfortable never too baggy but guess what never too tight
so you always look good you always look good but you're comfortable the guys at muggsy's have one
mission in life give every guy the confidence to walk blindly into their closet reach out and know
whatever they pick will have them looking good and feeling even better.
You'll feel good even if you got that big ass.
Even if you got those big legs.
It doesn't matter.
You slam in a pair of Muggsy's, it's just like comfort.
You could sleep in those puppies.
You will literally never have to shop anywhere else again.
Muggsy's also just dropped Coolmax denim that are like air conditioners for your legs that's insane talk
about sleeping in your in your mugsies you sleep in under the bed the blankets are heavy it's hot
wear the cool max you're comfortable you're good soft buttery and unbelievable they spent years in
the lab developing the most breathable jeans ever designed and lightweight fibers to ensure a cool
breeze every single step these jeans come in enough colors to
make a pack of crayons jealous all the crayons are like oh do you see those mugsies oh
these are the only jeans you'll wear trust me all summer long all you'll wear go from the backyard
barbecue to the bar in one swift motion all summer long if you're in chicago or austin texas
make sure to head downtown and check out their storefront as well easy vibes every time enjoy
a beer while you shop where do you get to do that at mugsy if you're in boston or dc keep an eye out
for mugsy stores coming in june those will be coming there soon to Muggsy.com and get 10 off now using code CHICKLETS.
That's 10.
Some of the most premium jeans, chinos, swimwear, and shorts on the internet.
What a spot.
Muggsy.
Check them out.
I'm rooting for my 40-1 on Eden Hill, Merles.
I put that in back on the first one.
Considering you have thousands and thousands and thousands
if the Panthers win the Cup,
do you not make a huge bet on Vegas game five
to try to somewhat hedge it?
Well, I have them in a pool at the club at home.
I did put some money on Vegas during the Dallas series
when they were plus 230.
So right now I stand to make about 20 of what I'd make
a Florida one.
So you're up money either way.
Yeah, I would never hedge it 50-50 just because we're gamblers.
We like to be right about our wins in addition to winning.
I might have went maybe a little bit higher,
but right now if Vegas wins, I'll win 20 of what I would have on Florida.
And I also, like I just said, I got Aiden Hill 40-1.
That's a pretty good ticket.
If I was a random bettor and I wanted to win a shit ton of money
and I had dough, I would throw 500 grand on the Vegas Golden Knights.
That's what I want to do.
But minus 175 is a lot of fuck.
You want to bet 50 grand.
You want to win 50 grand.
You can bet, what, 80?
What would that be?
Minus 175 on 50.
That's a big.
Wayne Newton's going to be sending hookers over to the referee's room tonight.
There is not a chance that Vegas is not hoisting the cup out.
I think you're right.
I think they don't want to fly back there either.
Do three-way.
Vegas three-way at barstools plus 100.
And if it does go to overtime and they lift the cup in overtime,
you're like, ah, whatever.
I still have overtime cup winner.
Go Vegas.
I can't go in Vegas.
Hey, let's look at my picture Game Notes Daily at 12 Eastern.
Okay, Vegas first period.
We'll get into that.
Yeah, Game Notes Daily. Busy before we even go first period. We'll get into that. Yeah, Game Notes Daily.
Busy, before we even go anywhere else,
I saw you once at the rink when we were in.
I saw you at the rink.
You came by.
In Fort Lauderdale?
In Fort Lauderdale at the game, at game four.
You were mixing it up.
What was your trip like?
Because I missed out because I went for a romantic dinner
with Gary Lawless, but I heard you came to the-
You went to Taco Bell, folks.
I went to Taco Bell. I went to the Elbow Room for about an hour. I heard you came to the... You went to Taco Bell. I went to Taco Bell.
I went to the Elbow Room for about an hour.
I heard you came with Charles Barkley,
and you came to mix it up.
Why don't you tell the story about the table?
Yeah, so we're there.
We're mixing it up.
A lot of hockey people there,
just having a good time.
Elbow Room, one of my favorite bars in the world,
hands down.
And I see this waitress.
She takes the best table,
and she starts putting signs on it,
like, this table is reserved.
And I'm like,
who are you
reserving a table for at the elbow yeah what's in the corner it's under the stairs
what are you talking about charles barkley's coming here i'm like you're out of your mind
so i go back to our table with all like the vegas equipment guys and media guys and i'm like
this girl thinks charles barkley's come to the elbow room like what a fool
biz drag one hour later, Biz is walking in.
Who's behind him?
Sir Charles.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, no, we went for dinner at the W.
There was a steak place there.
It was awesome.
And I said, hey, this is where everybody, all the media members muck it up.
Why don't we stop by?
And he went there.
It was good seeing everybody.
What a man of the people, too.
Just yucking it up with everybody.
He's the best.
I love that guy.
Shout out to Chuck.
Oh, he's the nicest man on the planet.
But I will say, when you're sober and you stroll into the elbow room, you are on different planets.
It's 400 RAs in there.
My octopus teacher is just complete squids in there.
People move like jello in there.
We drove by it the next day on the way to
there like our appearance at the tin roof and i was like i saw it during the day that's where i
was like oh my god i went there best four dollar beer in the world cover charges you have to get
a penicillin shot that's how greasy the elbow room is but my kind of place so it was good to pop by
like pk was there the owner was with pk oh Oh, was that who it was? That was the owner of the Elbow Room.
Oh, okay.
There you go.
Good dude.
Yeah, really good dude.
So overall, a great trip, but I do not think that we're heading back.
There's just no chance.
I'm officially not heading back.
I'm going home either way.
But before we move on, Tuesday we will be at Beer House, 1 to 3 p.m.
for a big Pink Whitney meet and greet for Game 5.
We're very excited for that as well. Yeah, if you're in Vegas, come on over today. 1 to 3. We'll be at Beer House, 1 to 3 p.m. for a big Pink Whitney meet and greet for Game 5. We're very excited for that as well.
Yeah, if you're in Vegas, come on over today.
1 to 3.
We'll be there.
I got another big announcement coming in a second.
A couple of tidbits for you, Biz.
Vegas looking to become the 12th team in NHL history to win their first ever potential
cup clinching game and just the fourth to do so in their home building.
Tampa, Jersey, Edmonton all did it at home.
And how about this one?
Petrangelo and Pat Martini is a bold squad.
Cup clinching goals.
If Petro wins the Cup, he becomes just the second player ever
to score a Cup clinching goal against the head coach
and later win a championship with that same coach, Bruce Cassidy,
because he beat him in 19 and then he might win it with him.
That's a fun nugget.
Yeah, side-down, he did it versus Art Ross in 1927.
So, versus Art Ross.
And then Whitman in 29.
That's a real guy.
Legit.
He was alive at one point. 1927. So Petro scored the cup-clinching goal against Boston?
Yeah, because Boston had that late goal, the grizzy goal,
so that made it sort of by default, I guess, the cup winner.
But he's the cup winner.
And then Martinez ended up getting it for L.A. against Henrik Lundqvist
because we had to ask him on the broadcast about it.
Where are you at mentally being down in a series?
And then we obviously asked Wayne,
what's it like knowing you're pretty much going to wrap this thing up?
That's how you got the assist on that one.
Is there anyone on the TNT panel that's like,
yeah, Florida's going to win next game?
I don't know.
I hate to ask you that, maybe.
Usually we find out day of what everybody's feeling when we're in the
green room but as far as that trip to Florida
was concerned it was great
all staying on that strip there
right across from the beach
and I didn't go
too hard I just was taking it all in and trying
to stay in energy for these broadcasts
are you still sober? I'm still sober
four and a half months i think the last
time i drank was when uh when i was uh before brindamore when i was before about an hour leading
up to the rob brindamore to try to recalibrate my last time you drank was four and a half months
ago but you drank 29 hours in a row so i think you're due for a couple months off and i will
say this too usually when rob brindamore looks at you the way he looked at me, like questioning
whether I was okay,
I'm like, yeah,
I probably need to take
a little bit of a break here,
but hey,
once that cup's handed out
game five,
I'm going to be hitting
the pedal to the metal.
I can't wait to say this.
Oh, I got 11 a.m.
Wait, wait.
I'm going to be holding you
up by your arm like R.A.
the other night.
Well, then how about this?
Maybe I save it for Nashville
on the draft.
No, no, no.
If they win the cup
tomorrow night,
we're all going over.
No, fuck no.
We're in Vegas, baby.
Yeah.
I will say this though. We did get a feel for what it's like in the draft. No, no, no. If they win the cup tomorrow night, we're all going over there. I will say this, though.
We did get a feel for what it's like
in a market, Arizona,
a few others,
that when their rink is out like that,
because we were down in Fort Lauderdale
and everyone's ripping up,
we went tin roof,
and then you got to recalibrate,
go to get to the game,
and then once you're getting out there,
I think you really get a feel
for why it kills
fans yeah well it just kills for a fan that goes should we go to the gate like picture game 62 and
you're like should we go to the game tonight they're playing and you're like down on the beach
or you're there you're like now i actually sympathize for ra and i'm okay with him doing
shrooms on the way over you gotta stay busy somehow on the party bus.
A shroom.
Good stuff.
All right, before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at GameTime.
GameTime is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports,
and they are sending us to Game 5 in Vegas tonight.
We cannot wait.
GameTime was created by fans for fans.
GameTime is the ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score.
Last-minute deals to tickets for sports,
concerts, and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price.
Like I just said, we're going to Game 5 tonight.
I got some concerts lined up this summer, Red Sox.
Wherever you go, wherever you are, use Game Time.
It's possible with the Game Time app because it's the biggest last-minute price drop you can find
on the seats you thought you could never buy.
The purchase process takes just two taps in 10 seconds, and once you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone,
no printer needed. The app also allows you to easily share tickets with friends via text,
so you can get into the game seamlessly. Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment. Download the
GameTime app or go to the website, enter your email, and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms do apply.
One more time.
Download the GameTime app or go to the website, enter your email,
redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms do apply.
All right.
Like I said, we have a big announcement coming up.
We're going to go to Mr. Grinelli for this one.
You up, baby?
Yes.
So we have searched long and hard for the next Chicklets Cup venue,
next Chicklets Cup city. We've looked
at venues all over North America
and it's led us to one destination
and one destination only.
A destination we believe
is the best in North America.
We're going back to
Riverworks and Buffalo Boys.
Back to Buffalo.
After that tease, we're going to where we just were.
Going back to Buffalo.
Listen, there's some fun cities out there,
but because of logistics and the way it all worked out,
we're going back there.
But let me tell you, I'm 45 minutes from Buffalo
and well in Ontario where I was born.
I get to see my folks.
I get to see a lot of my friends and family when I'm there.
And on top of that, that was the heaviest I've drank in a long time.
And the bars there are open until 4 o'clock.
The entire city was hospitable.
And it's going to be on Canadian Thanksgiving.
October 6th and 7th.
It's a border town,
so anybody who was unable to make it the first time
can come around the second time.
Guaranteed it's going to sell out.
But there's also one more announcement, Biz,
I think you have to make regarding your future as a Chicklets Cup player.
It's going to be my last Chicklets Cup.
No way.
Oh, Noseface is going to beat you in the fall.
No, I'm going to celebrate this moment of sobriety.
I'm going to have some fun after the season,
but then I'm going to buckle it up in August.
I'm going to be with my trainer,. I'm going to be with my trainer,
and I'm going to be taking home my first ever Chicklets Cup.
I hope Noah's face is there.
I hope I meet that fucker in the finals.
We have a few former NHL players that we're actually picking up for our team
to bolster the Big Deal Selects lineup.
Terry Ryan and crew will be there.
Terry Ryan Sr. will be coaching, of course.
There's no way
that I'm not going back
to those guys.
I'm loyal like a dog,
but we will have some ads.
Who gets cut?
Who are you cutting
from your team?
He should cut himself.
No, no, no, no, no.
We're going to have
a few e-bugs.
Hey, maybe there is a game
where I end up
getting healthy scratch.
I'm a team player.
It's all about
the big deal selects.
It's not about me individually.
No, we're bringing
the same goalie.
We're going to have a few NHL players.
I'm not going to divulge who it is.
Terry Ryan has reached out.
It looks as if, though, we're going to have a former Stanley Cup champion added to our squad.
Not Art Ross.
We're going to have a fucking team.
I'm looking forward to Chicklets Cup in Buffalo.
It's going to be a shit show.
And all you Canadians, I hope to see you there as well.
October 6th and 7th.
Be there. And I hope to play roller hockey. well. October 6th and 7th, be there.
I want to play roller hockey.
I know we have a big announcement for the roller team, too.
Rumor is we're signing Colby Armstrong.
I love rollers.
Hey, anyone listening out there,
I need a new pair of wheels,
so send me over some blades. Gee, you've got to line that up.
He's going to lead to a lawsuit when he puts his shoulder
through somebody's face. I'm going to fuck someone up. We are not a very line that up. I got you. He's going to lead to a lawsuit when he puts his shoulder through somebody's face.
I'm going to fuck someone up.
We are not a very good team, but I guarantee you we have the most fun.
We drink the most Pink Whitney.
And if I pick up speed.
And Fidelberg's always there, and he just gets wrecked.
Oh, yeah, he's a beauty.
Smoke cigarettes.
Smoke cigarettes on the bench and shit.
Sounds like my kind of guy.
Busy people.
Doody Players, let me know.
I got a couple of those London recruits from when me and G were just up London.
Those guys are legit studs. I haven't seen him with my own eyes and all right and we're
keeping a pretty tight all right buddy we're uh we're gonna keep this from within but i appreciate
why don't you sub your own team in in a higher division and maybe you could start your coaching
career oh think about that you did get fired from our team last year yeah i did i did but uh
some other coaching uh stuff going on today.
I'm not sure if you caught it.
Call my baba and cancel the skullet, I'd say.
Elliott Friedman tweeted today, there was word this afternoon
the New York Rangers impede LaViolette, a gaining momentum.
Nothing is done until it's done.
But, barring a swerve, looking like LaViolette as the next Rangers head coach.
That's from Elliott Friedman on a dummy account.
Fuck. I mean, when is he right?
Round of applause.
He was ahead of us.
Insider.
Insider.
Insider.
I wanted you to be so wrong.
You should get credit for this, R.A.
You legit broke it.
Did Elliott Friedman tweet your name?
Did he put your handle in there?
Yeah, that's bullshit.
He'd be rad if you did it.
I mean, this isn't officially breaking.
I'd say he's more or less leading up to it.
But I don't know.
I guess we'll see when people are putting it out there. Okay, so when he gets hired, people should be writing that you broke it. He didn't. I mean, this isn't officially breaking. I'd say he's more or less like leading up to it. But I don't know. I guess we'll see when people are putting it out there.
So when he gets higher, people should be writing that you broke it.
Absolutely.
Oh, 100.
Like a shot in the dark.
I mean, someone reached out a good source.
I think when other guys became available, the Rangers just took their time, did some
other interviews.
But I never doubted for a second it was going to be La Violette.
How many insiders get shrooms from strangers and break stories of new head coaches?
You're multidimensional, all right.
One of a kind, baby.
Calgary promoted.
Hold on before that.
Then if LaViolette becomes the Rangers, I am officially out as the Chiclets Rangers guy.
Yeah, you hate LaViolette.
I am out as the Rangers guy if LaViolette's the head coach.
So LaViolette would have coached the Rangers.
The Flyers. The Flyers. The Islanders. The Caps in that division. That's the head coach. So LaViolette would have coached the Rangers.
The Flyers. The Flyers.
The Islanders.
The Caps in that division.
And he didn't coach Carolina, did he?
Yeah.
So he'd have five of those teams.
Won the Cup, but you don't know him.
He's killing the Metro.
Five teams in the Metro.
He's dominating the Metro.
Yeah, he took Philly in to the Cup as well as Nashville a few years ago, too.
So that's why all these retreads, these retreads.
Like, dude, these guys have been coaching for 25, 30 years for a reason.
They're fucking good.
I mean, Paul Maurice, this is what his  how many trips to a Cup he's been?
Second one?
I know he hasn't won one yet, but, I mean, he's there right now.
You're talking about
Who?
Paul Maurice.
This is his second trip to a Cup, right?
He lost to them, too.
Yeah, he went with Carolina, didn't he?
Yeah.
You know, Laviel, it's been a three.
The one one.
It's like, yeah, these guys have been there you think uh oh galant gets another job someday i don't know that's a good question because he goes places and they're good
and then he gets fired pretty soon like so it's like all right if we bring him in i think our
team will be good but like well we want to get rid of him it's kind of an odd scenario his whole
theory on him is is he's a fixer when things are very tight and people are unhappy, he's a Bruce Boudreaux.
He goes in there.
He gives guys confidence.
Just play your game.
Just play hockey.
Just play hockey.
Not very systems-oriented, so very similar from a Bruce Boudreaux
where it's a good Band-Aid.
I don't necessarily know if it's a long-term play.
And that's no disrespect to Bruce.
I think he's an excellent coach.
It's just, you know, at a certain point, there needs to be turnover.
Absolutely.
And also, Calgary promoted assistant coach Ryan Huska to the head coach now.
Any of you guys know him?
I was talking to Merle about this this morning, and it's just kind of crazy.
He was the assistant, correct?
Yes.
So they brought him up.
They made him the head coach.
Craig Conroy makes that decision.
But Mitch Love, two years in a row,
head coach of the year in the AHL with Calgary's farm team.
So it's just.
That's fucking bizarre.
Yeah.
It's like, oh, you got this guy with the prospects.
But I don't know Husker at all.
So it's like.
I think Husker before that was in the minors too
and did a really good job before going to America.
So I guess that would be the same thing.
If you get to the show and you're an assistant
and Craig Conroy's been around Calgary and he really likes him,
it's kind of hard.
How long has Husker been around?
I don't know.
I don't know anything about him.
That's why I don't mean to say like,
oh, they should have given it to Mitch Love.
It's just I think it's hard to be
two-time AHL Coach of the Year
and then your parent club has an opening
and you don't get it.
My only rebuttal to that would be
maybe because he hasn't been coaching pro that long
because he was in Saskatoon Blades
what, three, four years ago?
So maybe they want him to season a little bit more,
but I agree with you.
I would view that as a slap in the face if I'd done that good of a job back-to-back years at the
ahl level your own not even a random ahl team your farm team but but saying that there's probably
another team that's going to scoop them up at some point here i mean how many how many coaches get
fired on average over the last five years seems like five a year right by the end of the season
i bet you were averaging five five to six coaches a year.
But I don't want to discredit Ryan Huska.
I just don't know anything about him, but to be an assistant coach
and get your chance, good for him.
Congratulations.
He was the head coach for the AHL team for four years.
Then he was an assistant for the last five.
So it's fair enough that he's paid his dues.
I bet you if you ask Craig Conroy and you got a real answer,
it's probably a pretty tough decision.
And those two guys, while probably being friendly in terms of at camp,
you're together and love and Husker, it was probably a little bit of like,
oh, my God, one of us is going to get this.
A little more seniority.
A little bit more seniority, exactly.
All right.
I thought Pasha was coming out here with us, Gino.
No dice on Pasha?
Is he here?
He's right there.
I didn't know you were there.
Yeah, he's right behind you.
We got to bring him over.
Pasha, your devil's made some news this week.
With a little sign and trade, they sign and then traded Damon Severson.
He'll be 29 when next season starts.
After inking their second round pick in 2012 to an eight-year,
50 million extension, the devil sent them to Columbus
for a third round pick in the upcoming draft.
They got pick number 80 back.
I mean, this is basically a no-brainer.
They're getting something for nothing rather than letting it go.
Now he's going to trash them.
Watch.
Here we go.
This is how these Devils fans work.
You're right already.
Yeah, it was basically  I mean, he was a goner.
The Devils couldn't and wouldn't pay him what he wanted.
I heard that Fitz, he tried to offer him a shorter-term deal,
but I don't blame his camp for not taking a shorter-term deal.
Let me ask you, without Nemec coming,
the second overall pick who's going to be a stud,
is it a harder decision maybe?
But knowing he's coming, and he's a righty,
you've got Hughes there already too.
I think it's a black-and-white decision.
They're not giving him what Columbus paid him.
They're not giving him close to that.
I could see their D-Court taking a little step back with his loss because
Nemec is obviously going to need some seasoning.
But ultimately, like you said,
he was going to walk, so to get a third
for him is just gravy
on top. They just saved it. It's a tiny business
by Fitzy. No, I think
Severson's a solid player, but
given a guy like that at eight years,
it just shows that
timing's everything. Not in hockey, in life.
It's all about timing.
And he becomes a UFA when the market's weak.
I wouldn't have thought he'd get an eight-year deal.
No?
Yeah.
Eight years, dude?
And I think Columbus is looking.
Let's just stack up on the back end because Columbus is looking pretty good.
No, they're not.
No, they're not.
Columbus sucks.
No, I understand.
Right now.
Columbus with Babcock will be a lot better.
It's very difficult for them to get free agents,
so they have to have the mentality
as they got to get it done collectively as a group.
They have to take that Seattle approach,
and I think with bolstering their back end
and starting with an ace like Wierenski
and then adding these other types of guys,
it alleviates pressure,
and if you have a good
speaking from experience when we were with the coyotes that year and we had like just good solid
d um in in a very average forward group who was able to add timely scoring we ended up going to
the eastern conference final western conference finals so i think that for columbus like this is
a good move where yeah you overpay a guy a guy like
that a little bit but at least you're bolstering up a very a very needed position for them where
you're not going to be able to get guys no yeah no that's fair that's fair and and one thing i'll
say about severson is it's definitely tough to see him go he was the longest tenure devil he was there
through all the you know the hard years so it sucks to you know as the team's kind of turning
the corner see him go i would say the thing that the fans...
He's going to cry with his 20s and wipe off his tears.
The thing with the fans, they were so hard on Severson.
Really? Oh yeah, so hard on him.
He was a punching bag,
undeservingly so, I would say. He was very solid,
but then he was prone to the big, boneheaded
mistake that everyone would just focus on that
and forget the 10 solid plays he made
before that. So I agree with it.
I think he's a solid guy.
I wouldn't say he's a top-pairing guy,
but he's a solid second-pairing guy.
In my mind, when I think of Damon Severson
and watching him play at UFA,
he's getting six years for 32 million.
But like I said, timing,
and when there's not many other options,
he's going to absolutely hammer away a 50 million deal.
So great for him.
I love seeing that.
It was just Columbus being desperate for D
and him having a pretty solid run in Jersey
to be able to get the payday.
Who is now the longest tenured devil?
Would it be Heashier?
I would say probably Heashier, yeah.
Miles Wood?
No, it's Heashier.
Miles Wood's been there a long time, yeah.
Yeah, maybe Miles Wood. You got me stumped on that one. I do not know that devil's heart. What a diehard. Good call, Ari. sure yeah well miles wood no i see miles would been there a long time yeah yeah maybe miles would
uh you got me stumped on that one i do not know that good call all right miles would i think you're
right he'll be just shy of 37 when that deal expires he's also a goner we saw fitzy at the
game the other day didn't we pasha we passed through he texted me he goes who's this guy i
met last night i go what do you mean he's like i don't know he's from vancouver i was like oh
that's pasha he's a diehard devils fan oh yeah and and we got uh we got fitzy coming on for an interview in a couple weeks he promised
us we went to a game around november i said if you get out of the first round that's when ra ate
him out of shrimp cocktail yes yes yes yes hey the ocean called they ran out of shrimp but uh he
promised us if they win a round in the playoffs he'd come on i texted him so we're gonna get him
actually next week yeah it was good seeing him.
He ate a lot of shrimp and three plastic lobsters.
I'm a free agent now in the Metro.
Would you take me?
To play on the Devils?
No, just to root for you.
I'm done with the Rangers.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, absolutely not.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I was done with the Rangers.
You were done with the Rangers.
I'm a free agent.
You were not on the Penguins years ago.
You're done with the Penguins?
You hate the Penguins?
Penguins got rid of me when I hurt my shoulder.
I got fucked, sent to the minors.
We want nothing to do with you.
You are not welcome in the Devil's Wagon.
Wow.
Come on.
Okay.
Murr.
Get them off my list.
Murr, come on over, baby.
No.
No, Murr's going to be with the Flyers.
Murr's going with the Flyers.
Come on.
He's a traitor.
He's the best.
Yeah, he's going to fire your ass.
Unless he wants to give us co-GM jobs there, then I'll be on the ping.
That wasn't the only D that Yamo added.
He traded for Ivan Provorov as well in a three-team deal between Columbus, Philly, and L.A.
The Black Jackets get Provorov with L.A. retaining 30 of that deal, so about 2 million.
Philly made out good in this one.
They got Cal Peterson, defenseman Sean Walker, Swedish prospect Helge Granz,
a second-round pick back at 20, a second and 24 in the number 22 pick in this draft.
It's L.A.'s pick in a conditional second-rounder in either 24 or 25.
L.A. gets Kevin Cartman and Hayden Hodgson, basically some organizational depth.
But basically L.A.'s paying like 2 million just to get rid of Cal Peterson.
That seems more or less is happening now, right, Ami?
Well, I heard they're doing that to relieve cap space because they are going
after tommy boy wilson i saw that hey all you need to do is watch this year's playoffs and all of a
sudden these types of play oh my god thank you florida thank you vegas thank you for doing this
for hockey yep yeah exactly well i'll say uh pro, I mean, obviously this year was a gong show.
I mean, not just the off-ice stuff.
I'm talking Philly as a whole.
But not that long ago, Provorov was like a legit number one NHL defense.
And so I think that that's a good deal.
I know you're saying Philly made out big with it, but I don't know.
Draft picks, it's so risky.
And the first rounders, what?
It's the 22nd pick?
Yeah, this year, yeah.
I actually like the deal for Columbus.
In terms of having to get better quick
and how good that guy is at times, I don't know.
I mean, yeah, you got to draft well to make that thing work.
But the second rounders, I mean,
what are the odds they become legit NHLers?
It's not great
You weren't a legit NHLer
Why you guys shoot me down man
You still cold I am at the table
I am too I mean that was pretty much Danny Brea's first
Big deal correct as GM
What would you grade him on it Biz
Yeah they got it I mean yeah
You got to get worse before you get better and
The fact that you give Cal Peterson a second
Opportunity and you get assets back In return like I don't i don't think this kid's done by any means but i
agree with the move for la you know they they got they got to get good now they have a small window
so um overall pretty good i'm sure it feels good to get your feet wet as far as a general manager
and getting making trades right it's got to be nerve-wracking too because and you don't know if
it works for a couple years which might actually help in a sense i i don't think you could possibly look back on
this and be like oh my god we gave up proveroff for this because i feel like the team's not going
to be good anywhere where yeah if columbus gets three four or five more good years at a proveroff
it just wasn't the time and place for him and and you just mentioned like all the stuff with
off the ice it just seemed like it was a good time to part ways with the situation.
And now we're hearing, too, Carter Hart.
We're hearing Scott Lawton.
We're hearing other names out of Philly.
And I think G put out a tweet that was like, oh, my God, they finally did this.
They should have done this, what, like four months ago?
They could be in the Boudard sweepstakes right now.
If they did this at the trade deadline, like I said.
They should have started selling it earlier.
Yeah.
So here they are now.
Well, I think there's a reason they have a new regime.
He's not using the trade machine.
That's a great app, by the way.
Before we go any further, you know what we're here to talk about,
and that's Chevy.
Chevy trucks, boys.
The Chevy EV family.
We've been a part of this for a long time,
and now our news is enormous.
The first ever all-electric Silverado is officially Barstool's most valuable truck.
People like driving trucks. They're big, they're strong, they're muscular, and now
Chevy's got the EV Silverado. We got the chance to see this thing and experience it, drive it
around, see how powerful it was, while also knowing you can just give it a charge. It's a complete game changer. It's available 400 mile range, GM estimated on a full charge. That's
a long way to go before you need to plug that thing in again. Over 10 feet of length in the
bed with the multi-flex tailgate combined with the multi-flex mid-gate. Whenever you're getting
into multi-flex, you want your truck to have that. A large 17 inch diagonal display screen if you
want to use your navigation, if you want to get your music. 17 inches is enormous, and it's beautifully HD. It can tow
up to 10,000 pounds of max towing, zero to 60 in under 4.5 seconds with the wow mode. That is a
quick pickup right there, and up to an impressive 785 foot-pounds of torque. This thing's a beast,
and it's all electric, and it's all Chevy.
Head on over to chevy.com to learn more. LA also extended a trade deadline pickup.
Vladislav Gavrikov with the two-year 11.75 million deal comes out to 580 a year.
He would have been UFA on July 1st. Is this where you expected him to probably come in? This is a little bit of a crazy story in the whole sense of Gavrikov's a free agent.
He could have got a five, six.
I actually don't know what LA would have given him in terms of term,
but he could have got a lot longer.
And he openly himself said, I want two years because in two years,
the cap's going to be a lot more and I'm going to hit this thing again.
Wow.
He said that?
And his agent told him.
His agent said to him, no, like, what are you doing?
You're crazy. Like, lock up a long-term deal he said no he goes i want two-year deal and i want to crush it when the cap goes up and i kind of respect it i respect the shit out of that it's
it's ballsy it's ballsy but it's a guy who believes in himself and and if he ends up getting this deal
for five eight a year for two years and then in two years the cap goes up and gets a five or six
year deal for whatever six five to six he's gonna make more than he would have right and it's good but but
there's a lot to be said on what can happen in two years but that's what went down this kid this kid
said no he goes i want two years that's when the cap's going up give me a two-year deal that's all
i'm taking yeah especially guys who are forward thinking like that and maybe he's also looking at
the free agent pool of defensemen
and what's available as to why.
Like, look at what Severson just got, right?
But that would make him get a  in my mind,
that would want him to take a longer one
because in two years, who knows who's up.
Well, he might have looked into that.
That's what I'm saying, seeing like, oh, these are the guys
that I'm going to be competing with where
I think he's good enough to be a solid top four.
I want to say analytically there mike kelly was talking about him because he's the ones the least picked up at
the deadline right no we're talking about gavrikov yeah he went to la and then he just resigned with
la oh okay your other favorite team so sorry i was thinking uh uh not gabranson i was talking
think of another g name but he was one of the better defensemen in the league at breaking up plays and holding gaps inside the neutral zone.
So I don't know, maybe that plays a factor,
but I don't know, I could be on what R.A. is taking too,
so I'm thinking of the wrong guy right now.
Nothing yet.
Yeah, we just mentioned Tom Wilson.
Yeah, Kings of the Podcast, John Hoven and Dennis Bernstein,
they reported that they've been told the Kings
have definitely kicked the tires on Tom Wilson.
He's only got one more year left in this deal, 5.16 million left.
I mean, that'd be a hell of an addition if you're going to make a run for a cup, arm
dog, no?
I mean, he's a complimentary guy.
He's like, but if he's available, there needs to be 30 teams.
Like LA is like, they already play that style.
I guess he'd be perfect for there.
But there's teams who don't play that style that need a guy like that like if tom if they're willing to trade tom wilson
every team in the league should be trying to get him think about their guys up top that they were
so good guys we like like arvidson and some of these guys are like these smaller guys that are
very effective you you now you're now you're changing the game when you put it on you put
in a guy like that from another planet and he's's got a good cap hit. He's just over 5 million.
Who do you got to beat?
Who do they have to beat to win the cup?
Edmonton and maybe Vegas.
They're going to have to beat Vegas.
You saw what they can do.
Vegas is going to be different, though.
They're big.
You need a big, burly guy to get in the finals.
Vegas is going to be different.
You think?
Yeah.
LTA.
Yeah, they got a lot of LTA.
I mean, right now they're like a 94 million team.
And then, you know, are they going to be able to re-sign Baryshev?
I think McNabb needs a new contract.
Carriese, I think, needs a new contract.
Well, they've got
Vegas is not going to be the same.
They're way over the cap, and they've had cap issues forever.
They had to dress 16 guys.
You know, they're there right now, and it's
see what happens next year.
Yeah, the Kings, I'm not sure if they're going to try to sign
Korpisalo as well. They do need a start goal. I know they have Phoenix Copley one more not sure if they're going to try to sign Corpozalo as well.
They do need a start goal.
I know they have Phoenix Copley one more year,
but they probably want another guy to go in there with him.
So we'll see what happens on that front.
Chicago extended forward Andreas Anthonesi
with a two-year 8.5 million deal.
Comes out to four and a quarter a year.
He had 20 goals, 20 assists in 81 games for the Blackhawks last year.
I'm sure Bedard being there.
That gets you 4 million a year.
It's a nice little enticement.
Now you can play with Badad. But he scored a
sick goal against the Penguins on a triple
rebound that sunk the Penguins.
In a must-win game. That's why Florida's in
this cup final. That's why, because of him
and Buddy Robinson.
That was after
Pittsburgh made it 2-2, I think. He scored.
He went in. He carved in with a
sick skater. That he's a sick skater
that kid's a sick skater he shot it got a rebound then got it again from behind the net and banked
it and off Jari so but we know what he can do he's a smaller player but he's skilled and he's
laser fast yeah uh this next one biz you probably gotta have a rocket in your pants Shane don't
join the Toronto Maple Leafs front office as a special advisor to GM Brad Treeliven.
I mean, you must be over the moon.
I love Donor.
I can't hate the Leafs now because Donor's there.
Yeah.
Even Tree.
I like Tree too.
I know.
I always go back to that round table.
And Donor's been around the game a long time.
He's a smart hockey mind.
He's done an incredible job with the Hockey Canada side of things.
And I think he was looking for an opportunity to kind of jump up and add to that job title and
with this opportunity he was the captain there when tree living was the assistant GM so
there's a lot of chemistry there um from talking to donor it seems when you know trees not at the
games he wants donor there so you just going back to gonna move comfort. No, yeah
Just having a guy you trust and especially the eyes on your product, you know knowing that get you know
Giving getting a guy's opinion that who you trust
So I always go back to that roundtable mentality where it's gonna be Shanahan tree and donor and along with those hockey minds
I think that they're gonna be able to really add the pieces they need and figure things out for the future.
So I'm just personally happy for Donor because I know he likes being in the mix
and he likes a challenge.
And I believe he's going to finally get that Stanley Cup on the management side.
And what a great year for Donor too.
He gets the opportunity with Hockey Canada.
Won two golds in a row now.
Golds.
And then Kamloops Blazers, who he's part owners of,
the Wilson Memorial Cup this year. I saw him doing interviews. He was out there doing that. And then Kamloops Blazers, who he's part owners of, the Wilson Memorial Cup this year.
I saw him doing interviews.
He was out there doing that.
And then straight out of that, boom, he's assistant GM
with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And it could happen to a better guy.
No, and I know I've been saying.
Great teammate, great guy.
I've been all over Dubas,
but I should be sending him a gift basket at this point
because now I have my friends in the mix with the Leafs land.
And this is no longer a Boston Bruins podcast.
We've transformed. It wasn't a Boston Bruins podcast. We've transformed to a full-
It wasn't a Boston Bruins podcast after they lost
and already had Panthers here.
A full Leafs on podcast.
We'll be starting out with them every single episode
this next season,
and maybe we'll even have a weekly segment
with Donor and Tree.
Maybe we won't even talk about any other teams.
I don't know.
Maybe we'll be like the Steve Dangle-
It's the new Leafs lunch. Chicklets. Yeah.
I have a guy. He sent me a picture from a
betting site. They had next head
coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs, Paul
Biznasty. I'm talking about plus
21,200. Is there
any chance this guy cashed this?
I would sprinkle a little.
25.
Sprinkle a little. You never know.
Even I wouldn't bet that. I'm in talks with Donor.
I think we have different philosophies as to where we want the team playing.
But ultimately, I think we're going to come to an agreement.
So we'll see.
Are you going to beat his ear, Busy?
Where are you taking the team?
It's training.
He's like, Cabo.
He's like, there's no rinks.
He's like, no, it's okay.
You're like, hey, everybody.
Welcome to Central Scouting Testing.
It's now time for the Maple Leafs interview portion.
Paul, can you please come out and interview these kids?
Like Roy Kent on Ted Lasso.
They're like, guys, no beers on the plane, but nose beers are allowed.
Bugsy will be in player development.
100.
Me and Murr went for a long walk on the strip this morning.
We did an hour walk just to kind of get outside.
We walked through the half outdoor casinos in one of the bars.
What was that casino?
Flamingo.
Bugsy's Bar is the name of the bar there.
Shout out to Bugsy.
Shout out to Bugsy.
Me, Fish, and Sean were looking for the monument back there
because there's a legit monument.
It's a Bugsy Siegel, but they said it was closed.
I don't know how you close a freaking monument.
How many other cities in America have a monument to a legit gangster?
So today, too, we went out and we were doing some content stuff.
We ran into that guy.
He comes right up to us speaking just of random things.
Guy comes up.
He's like, hey, I'm the guy that made that bet.
Oh, yeah.
So we did man on the street.
This random dude.
And we're like, what do you mean?
What bet?
And he goes on to tell us. And we're like, oh, yeah, So we did man on the street. This random dude. And we're like, what do you mean? What bet? And he goes on to tell us.
And we're like, oh, yeah, you're the guy.
He bet 100 on Argentina to win the World Cup,
the Denver Nuggets to win the NBA title.
And he cashed out?
No.
Not yet.
And the Vegas Golden Knights to win the Cup.
He was waiting for them to win.
100 to win 79,000.
We ran into him on the street.
He showed me the ticket.
And this morning we saw him.
He has Denver Nuggets shorts on and an Argentina soccer jersey on.
And he was with his girlfriend.
I go, what are you going to buy her when you win this bet?
He's like, you just put me in a real bad spot.
She was disgusted with his act.
His name is John Grace, too.
John Grace?
John Grace.
I was going to say, hey, I was going to say you're going to ask her to marry you,
but I don't want to put him in a real tough spot.
But he goes,
what do you say?
He goes,
I guess I'll just take her out to dinner.
I go, what a guy.
Yeah.
You said that too.
I go, what a guy you are, buddy.
My wife will be like,
what ticket?
What are you talking about?
Keep them in the dock
if you're going to fuck a big one of that.
Keep those secret, man.
No, you got to get the clout from it.
So I thought you guys were going to reference.
No, he doesn't want to tell the girl is what he's saying.
So R.A.'s wife's like, what else are you hiding?
I thought you guys were going to reference.
R.A.'s bugging his wife for getting groceries.
He's cashing 80,000 tickets.
Yeah, there was a ticket out there with.
Then he's snorting it up his nose.
Three championship winners that a guy cashed out of after the first team had won it.
And it was the Kansas city chiefs and then he
had the denver nuggets and then one other one that was was obvious and it was going to win him 50
grand but he cashed out for 150 bucks after kansas city had won it for whatever reason like who the
fuck cashes out of a future why even make the bet why even make the yeah exactly but then you're
like oh if this guy had to make his rent payment where he's cashing out all this type of deal,
that's the only excuse, right?
Where this guy's slim pickings.
He had Kansas City to win the Super Bowl,
Connecticut to win the Final Four,
and the Denver Nuggets to win the NBA championship.
Yeah.
At least let it go for two.
At least get it to go for the second leg.
Plus 286,100.
Oh, my God. That's the kind of shit I love, Murr. Pussy that guy. That's plus 286,100.
Oh my God,
that's the kind of shit I love, Murr.
What a pussy that guy is.
That's what I love, Murr.
You know I love that, Murr.
That's a pipeline parlay.
Oh, no, no,
my gosh, guys.
A draw lay.
He bet 25
and he cashed it out
at 122.
There, that's what,
yeah.
That's the one,
that is insane.
That's gotta be
the biggest gambling
fumble of all time. I'm actually, yeah, because I guess the Chiefs 25. That's got to be the biggest gambling fumble of all time.
I'm actually, yeah, because I guess the Chiefs.
25 bucks.
Because the Chiefs were the biggest.
Oh, what an idiot.
25 bucks.
The payout was 71,000.
There you go.
That's like this guy's payout.
That guy deserves.
That guy deserves to get ridiculed.
The point is, we ran into this guy on the street today in Vegas.
It was so cool to run into him with that thing.
Because I'm like, dude, you hit that now?
You went viral posting it. But he's going to go huge in a few days oh yeah well I guess
we'll find out about basketball but dude I actually forgot to bring this up at the airport I had a
what was the it was like 7 703 a.m sunday at left so I go through I some guy like recognized me at
security said hi big fan then I got then I got through I some guy like recognized me at security said hi big fan then I
got then I got through and this other guy recognized me big fan and this other guy with his
wife and two kids dude it's it's 5 50 in the morning 6 a.m like I was getting there early
he came up and I was like oh he recognized you he goes you think you're so much better than people
I said what because you just I listen to your show you're cocky and I had dude I was so I was, you think you're so much better than people? I said, what? He goes, I listen to your show.
You're cocky.
And I had, dude, I was so, I was just like,
I had all these things I was going to say,
and I was just like, have a good vacation with your family, man.
That's what I said.
And you said it like that?
No, I looked at it.
I just said, I was just like, what?
Like, you didn't even know me.
I go, have a good vacation with your family. That's so restraining. I know. Well, if it wasn't 6 didn't even know me. I want to fucking. Go have a good vacation with your family.
That's soul restraining.
I know.
Well, if it wasn't 6 a.m., I think I would have lost my mind.
You know what I would have said to him?
Go fuck yourself.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
No, I was almost like, I am better than you.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
Hey, 6 a.m., this guy, you think you're better than people.
I was like, what the fuck?
Hey, Ben.
Am I getting punked?
Hey, you should have given him your first class seat. Have a good. you should have given him your first class have a good you should have given him your first class seat this guy's a
prick dude i didn't even met this guy that's like if he's like real close to you just like
dunk headbutt him in the nose but no your tune change i break my forehead your tune change real
quick we were gambling at the casino today and this lady i complimented her and and she was like
grumpy when we sat down, right?
The dealer?
Yes.
And I'm like, oh my.
Because she's counting so amazing at blackjack.
I'm like, four plus that.
I'm like, what is that?
I almost want to preface this.
When you're gambling, I think anyone who's been to a casino.
You just want to have a good time.
I'm not asking for a dealer to be super super friendly or like a lot of energy this guy
or woman in the world but having a miserable miserable dealer who's like not smiling and not
talking and not joking at all it's like it just ruins your vibe and when we sat down right away
i could tell this woman was like in a bad mood so so and and this is where i i give you credit for
this too because you restrained yourself, but we're playing
and she's counting these cards.
Like she's doing it so fast.
You only threw one drink in her face.
No, no, I go, wow, you're amazing at counting cards.
You're like AI, like artificial intelligence.
She goes, you could try being nice to me.
And I'm like, I actually did.
That's actually a really nice compliment.
That was you hitting on her.
Yeah, that was like amazing.
I'm like, yeah, yeah.
It was like pretty close.
She's making the eating pussy
out of her face.
No, I complimented her
on how fast she could count.
It was amazing to see.
And she said that
and Whit goes,
that's it, I'm done.
He just gives his chips in,
like more restraint,
but in a nice way.
I was like,
I'm not sitting here
with this miserable person.
I can't deal with this.
Blah, blah, blah.
And then he got up and left
and I'm like,
thank you for that.
And we all cashed in.
We all went to another table. Hey, but the best part is Grinnelli's the last guy and he's like, I, blah. And then he got up and left. And I'm like, thank you for that. And we all cashed in. We all went to another table.
But the best part is Grinnelli's the last guy.
And he's like, I was winning.
I keep winning.
I hadn't lost a hand.
I was winning, man.
I go, well, stay.
That woman's miserable.
I'm not gambling.
It was the best.
Eight hands in a row.
I'll tell you, man.
I felt invigorated after.
I was like, yes, Whit.
More people needed sand.
None of us have won anything here.
But yeah, you just want.
And then we had Juan.
We had the guy Juan.
That's the best guy ever.
And he was great.
We're having a great time.
He's rooting for you.
And by the way, if you're a dealer and listen to this,
you make a salary.
You have a whatever, like 15 bucks an hour, whatever it is.
If the players win, you you're gonna get tipped
you're gonna make more money so it's like i don't understand why they're not always like rooting for
you it almost seems like some of these people are like lost lost lost they're like just yeah just
like give me a smile as i lose at least yeah so there's a little tangent story how about the guy
that comes over oh hey wit how you doing oh it's got it's got a big bed oh my god crushed guy stands
like can i get a picture with you it puts another big hand up crush the guy still just stands there
i'm like no i i call it i know so merles goes hey just take the picture with him i was like
it was the pit i told him i go no more cards to this picture so then another guy comes over and
he's like hey i was like what's up man i was like hold on one sec and i lost a huge hand and the guy goes oh that hurts i'm like dude
you fucking get away but i took a picture hey wait admit this so next greatest reality show
is burles burles at a casino burles at a casino it's something else this guy oh my god give me a white russian it's unbelievable give me the
six last hand i had blackjack but nope you pull the six you get blackjack this is bullshit you
can make a you can make a movie about the fact that he is the nicest guy in the world outside
the casino and then he walks into this casino and he just has these like devil eyes he sees red
flip his switch is flipped and all of a sudden it's Merle.
I'm like, well, we're playing
craps. I'm like, I don't know how to play this game. How do we
play this game? Merle's like, don't say anything.
I'm like, well, I don't know what to do.
And he's like, just do this and that's
it. Be quiet. I'm like, well,
what does this mean? And he's like,
did you listen to me?
I don't know what I'm doing.
I've got them yelling at me.
He's a casino war guy. I don't know what I'm doing. I got them yelling at me. I've taught over 100 people. Army's a casino war guy.
I don't know what's going on.
I've taught 100 people minimum how to play craps.
Swedes, Czechs.
He's like an every language.
Guys from Boston.
Taught me.
It's a slow process.
Spend 30 minutes, learn that bet.
Spend 30 minutes, that bet.
No, Army wants to know all the information.
He wants to know what a hop bet is.
He wants to know the hard ways. You're not
ready for that, Army. Let's learn the pass
line. Learn that.
I can't even put my chips on the table.
You're talking to the
other girl. She doesn't know how
to explain it properly to you.
Your kind of language.
Listen to me. If we go back
again, I'd like to another shot at it,
but I was feeling anxious.
I think you burnt it.
I was like, oh, my God, I hate this.
Fuck craps.
You don't want another shot.
You left and go, that game sucks.
I'm never playing that fucking game again.
I got three of the workers that are yelling at me.
I got Merle telling me to shut the fuck up.
I got Whit going, listen to Merle's army, listen to Merle's.
And I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing.
Because that worked for me.
That worked for me.
If they would all just be quiet, listen to me, I'll teach you, Armie.
It was chaos, man.
Don't engage the dealers.
You were engaging them.
I know.
Don't engage them.
I'm fine.
They kept yelling cold cuts at me.
Cold cuts.
Cold cuts.
I'm like, what?
What are you saying?
I'm like, I don't know what's going on.
That's why she was barking at you after the AI comment because merles is probably different one you and her no i never
swear at the table never swear at the tables no number one rule it's actually a legit thing
merles is is a maniac in the casino with like rituals gonna have a pit boss and a headlock
tonight oh i never yell at the dealers rituals iituals. I'm going to be escorted out.
Rituals, procedure, like how you run things, where you sit,
what you're allowed to say.
I'm like sitting there.
I'm just like, this is insane.
We had a crazy game.
We had a dealer who, at his youngest, is 60 years old.
I was going to say 70.
And Merle's told him he's been playing this game because the guy was in diapers. I'm like, Merle. No, the guy had the best comeback. This guy 60 years old. I was going to say 70. And Merle's told him he's been playing this game
because the guy was in diapers.
I'm like, Merle.
No, the guy had the best comeback.
This guy is so old.
The guy had the best comeback.
He goes, I am in diapers right now.
Because he didn't want to take a bathroom break
while he's working so he didn't lose money.
They got him shackled to the table.
Before we continue, folks,
I'm here to talk to you about G4,
the best shoe wear in golf.
We have great news.
We've discovered everyone's new go-to golf shoe.
Seriously, the G4, G112 from G4, checks all the boxes.
It's modern, it's comfortable,
and unlike any golf shoe you've ever tried before.
It's so easy to put on and wear. You don't even feel like you're competing in a sport. You just feel like you're comfortable
walking around. This athletic style is available in so many colors and designs for both men and
women. You could wear a different pair every single time you step up to the tee. From vibrant colors
to staples, there's a G112 golf shoe for every type of player.
Check out G4.com slash chicklets.
That's G-F-O-R-E.com slash chicklets for 10 off your first order.
Once again, go to G4.com slash chicklets, G-F-O-R-E.com slash chicklets
for 10 off your first order.
Do it now.
Big surprise here.
The sale of the Ottawa Senators is becoming more of a soap opera, Merle.
Bruce Gary Arch of the Ottawa Sun.
Steve Apostolopoulos has left the bidding process.
He left out of frustration with the process
and how long negotiations have taken.
He was reportedly the highest bidder in the process,
more than a billion dollars for the Ottawa Senators.
He's the second bidder to walk away
after Ronald Reynolds and the Remington Group
did the same thing last month.
Now there's just two serious office serious offers out there toronto business and michael and lauer and uh jeffrey and michael who has it kim kimmel is that how you say it
yeah they used to be part owners of the penguins okay uh good dudes too the bid from nico spox
remains on the table but the scuttlebutt is that the bid is underfunded and doesn't stand much of
a chance of winning.
So the Sens continue to be the Sens.
Still getting dragged out.
I figured they'd be done with it by now, but it's not.
So see what happens there.
Also, the Q cracking down on fighting even more, Colby.
I'm sure you don't want to hear this.
No one wants to hear it.
Commissioner Mario Ciccini said,
We are taking a tremendous stride towards player safety.
Four rules were added or altered.
One, all players involved in the fight
will receive a game misconduct.
Two, any player identified as the instigator of a fight
will receive a one-game suspension
in addition to a game misconduct.
Oh, my God. Give it a rest.
Three, right?
I've heard enough.
All right, sorry, Biz.
So, I mean, are these just ridiculous?
Well, you know what's going to happen, Bizzy,
and I'll say this now before you get going.
Well, I don't need to say much other than itcaa the ncaa game already doesn't have fighting so why are you
going to stay there if you can't show that you have this extra thing why would you stay there
so what guys are going to start to do and go if i'm that kind of guy why would if i can go to ncaa
and get my education and go do all this stuff, and they'll say they have a package and everything,
who gives a shit?
What separates you now?
What makes you like this next level thing?
What makes the CHL this next level thing?
Merles, we talked about this.
You've lost enough players.
You're losing more players every year to the NCAA.
Here comes more.
Bring them down.
Come on down, boys.
I just think the Q is a bit of a joke league anyway,
so I really don't care at this point
how many more fucking rules they change.
It's softer than puppy shit.
They just won the Memorial Cup.
Quebec Ramparts.
Yeah, because look at their trading rules
where all these fucking teams just load up at the deadline.
I mean, I know what happens in all of them.
Are you a Western guy then?
Are you saying you're a Western league guy?
No, I'm just saying that the fucking Q is softer than puppy shit.
Why not just completely ban it?
We're saying if you fight, you get thrown out of the goddamn league at this point.
Because every year they're adding four new fighting rules.
I think it's a joke.
I think it's an element to the game that's important.
And I'm not saying that it should be a free-for-all the way that it used to be.
It's not.
But I think that it's a development league. So at a certain point, you're going to have to get handed offall the way that it used to be. It's not. But I think that if when  it's a development league.
So at a certain point, you're going to have to get handed off to pro hockey
where it's still legal.
And it kind of hurts some of the kids that could go out,
throw a bunch of big hits, pump some guy's eyes shut,
and go to like, oh.
Well, that's what Army just alluded to where as far as showing off
that type of skill where
Oh, sorry.
I was in the bathroom.
No, no, no.
No worries. Whereas, yeah, that could obviously show your your intangibles
as a forward if you're just an average player where you know those types of depth players are
needed where you're a good penalty killer you're physical you can fight 10 times a year in case you
know your your skill guys are getting ran where we're not talking about dropping the mitts 30 40
times the way it used to be we're talking about the nhl leader in fights is is probably half the amount now than it was 10
years ago i will say this memorial cup just now stillman cory stillman's kid i believe it is
with the peterborough peets was they were losing like getting their asses kicked by the camelops
blazers he came out crushed a guy then dropped his gloves with a guy,
welded his eyes shut.
They came back and won in overtime.
They were way down.
So, you know, that's not allowed to happen anymore.
Like, where are we going to get guys like that with character of a guy like
Stillman, of a kid that has the cojones to do this or play that certain way,
that that game now is like, you know, like boa constrictor out of you.
And it's a shame.
And I know people talk about, I don't want to see like 16 year olds
getting their asses kicked by a 20 year old.
I get it.
But like, I fought 20 year olds when I was 16.
I'm fine.
You're fine.
Fucking get in there.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Fine.
Doesn't mind.
I have a problem.
I eat too much food now.
I can't stop. But you're going to be okay.. I have a problem. I eat too much food now. I can't stop.
But you're going to be okay, okay?
We're going to get through this together, guys.
Depending on your definition of fine, you guys are doing great.
Either way, the Q has seen a drastic decrease in fights over the years.
They went from, let's see, 0.78 fights per game back in 2011-12 to just 0.07 last season.
In the same time frame, the NHL's gone from.44 fights per game
to.25 in the same span.
So fighting's obviously dropping.
But like I've said many times on the show,
in case of emergency break glass, it's there for the guys who want it.
Nobody really has to fight if they don't want to.
So it's always going to be there, just lesser and lesser,
especially with these kids getting a little bit softer and softer.
What a crazy thing, though.
How do you not like fighting?
I'm not saying certain aspects aren't good,
but if you told me when we met when I was a rookie,
2004, 2005, and you told me,
hey, in less than 20 years, this is going to be all gone,
I'd be like, what are you talking about?
No way.
Here, let me ask you this.
What's more likely in 20 years, self-driving cars
or the fact there's no fighting in the NHL?
Are self-driving cars already around?
So you're saying...
Well, from a perspective of words...
We're like flying cars on the road.
We're like a high percentage of people have self-driving cars?
Correct.
I would say no fighting in the NHL at all.
More likely?
Because I think there's so many people like myself,
like I'll never, ever not drive my car. And I think there's so many people like myself, like I'll never, ever not drive my car.
And I think there's so many people that say that,
whereas in 20 years, you're telling me 2043,
yeah, I could easily see fighting's banned in the NHL.
Let me say this too.
I fought in junior a few times a year.
Busy, you were better at it.
You were good at it.
And I always said this, and I talked to Brandon Pruss,
teammate of mine in Montreal.
Smaller guy, really good fighter. Tough. tough tough as shit great dude and would fight anybody and i was always like
amazed at him i always said hey dude i wish i could fight like you and he always said to me no
you don't i said why he said because then you got to do it all the time man yeah and i i i respect
that but for me a guy that fights two three times a year to keep credibility, and I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I kind of sometimes need it, just like you when you didn't wash your hands
on your hike.
Let me ask you guys this, though, two guys, too, that didn't.
Merle's did more than me.
Merle's did, too, but you don't mind it.
You're not going to get hurt.
You're okay, but you're okay to do it.
So do we have to go this extreme of something that majority aren't?
The biz job is gone.
Majority of the guys don't mind it.
It's not a big deal to fight maybe once a year.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Well, I will say that there's guys that I think if you're struggling,
you're not scoring and you're physical, it's like, man, I could use one right now.
Because at least then my entire team and coaching staff can be like,
he brought that tonight.
So it's almost like a sense of like when you're not doing anything right.
It gets you going.
It gets you going.
I'll say for me, like if I was going into a game and I like knew I had to fight,
I would kind of be like rattled, which never really happened.
I think one time I knew I was going to have to fight a guy and I was like, oh my God,
I can't imagine like biz.
No one had to do it.
But the times you did it when it came out of, uh, I'll say Pat, not passion, but it
came out, came out of the game after it is pretty sick feeling you're okay.
As long as you're okay you're
like oh my god like the boys are patting you on the back it is it is a very original thing for
hockey in which like your whole team loves you and you feel pretty good about yourself because
it ain't about winning it's just about showing up so i that's a great question though biz like
in 20 years will it be gone from the nhl i don don't know. Here's the thing. Even if it's gone and banned rules-wise,
they'll still happen and guys will get suspended.
But the way this game's played,
there's just no chance how angry people get.
I'm just picturing state troopers pulling over Witt
for driving his own car
when the government's making you have to drive self-driving cars.
Because he couldn't take it
because he had to go like 40 the whole way.
He's like, oh, shit.
Who did you know you were going to be fighting with before the game?
It was HL.
I think it was me in practice at one time.
I knew I had one coming.
A guy in Norfolk.
Another skill guy?
Yeah.
Wisniewski.
Oh, he's tough, too.
We were in a fun bunch, and he was going after Ouellette
when the year Ouellette had 30 goals in 30 games.
And I was like, hey, don't touch that guy.
Boom.
He just dropped his mitt, knocked me right down, immediately one punch.
And I said, that motherfucker.
I'm going to get him next game when we were playing.
I can't wait to take this out on the dealers.
And I'm on there, and I'm doing bench press and bicep curls.
I'm fighting.
I'm going to get this guy.
Six weeks later, we go down to Norfolk.
Thomas Cirovi starts the game.
Wisniewski's out there.
Mike Cirovi, as soon as it's dropped, getovy starts the game Wisniewski's out there, I'm like Sorovy
as soon as it's dropped get over here
comes right over, I go out there
I'm like go over Tomahawk
I'm like let's go, we're going
like boom boom boom
bang bang bang
that's a game notes thing
you should have read the game notes
he's like played in the OHL
it was weird knowing you had a fight
I was always just a fight out of the fun bunch guy.
I knew I had a fight and it was a really weird.
Wiz could chuck him.
Dude, he's tough.
Yeah.
And he's like a barbershop.
And I said I was going to do it, so I had to do it.
Merles is renting the old UFC VHS's getting ready for this scrap.
I was like, scray outside, punching the trees, getting my knuckles stronger.
He took the power steering out of his car so he could steer and work his shoulders.
It's like, what are you blowing up there?
He's got a speed bag in a corner of the room on the road.
Just fucking do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do You're right. You're right. A. Murrells is putting on the eye black. He's like Arnold. What are you doing in here, Murrells? Put stripes down his arms.
Next thing you know, they're trying to stitch him up through the eye black.
This wasn't a good idea.
Okay, before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at The Score.
Hello, Canada.
This episode is brought to you by The Score Bet Sportsbook and Casino.
The Score Bet is the best sports book for the hockey obsessed with a wide
variety of markets and daily specials from us here at spitting chicklets.
It's got you covered for everything on the ice.
So if you're in Ontario only download the score bet app and create an account
today,
you can build and follow your bets directly from the score sports app,
but the best possible experience.
With the playoff push in full steam right now, you don't want to miss anything.
And the Score bet also has you covered for all your other favorite sports and players as well.
Plus, there's a ton of iCasino games any day, any time.
That's the Score bet.
Download today and see how the best sports app, period, does sports betting.
Please play responsibly.
19 plus.
Ontario only.
You have a problem?
Call Connex Ontario at 1-866-531-2600.
All right, boys.
That wraps up all the hockey stuff.
But this week on our text thread, a pretty hot topic was the movie Blackberry.
I think you were the first one to text about it.
Yeah, so I was just searching through online or whatever,
the apps, looking for a movie, and this popped up.
And I didn't really...
I was interested in knowing the whole story behind it
because I knew iPhone buried it.
I never had a Blackberry, but everyone did for the most part.
But I wanted to see the story.
And then I totally forgot that I was on the Penguins with Jim Ballzilli.
And what a psychopath, huh?
Yeah.
What a crazy.
And like how he's.
So everyone's calling him Ballzilli.
He's like, it's Ballzilli.
Like he's so.
The guy seemed like.
The movie made him look like a complete asshole.
You know, he gets fired at the beginning.
He's a hostile takeover guy.
And he tried to bully his way into buying a TV.
Well, yeah.
So for anyone who hasn't seen
the movie stop listening say for the next four or five minutes because spoiler alerts but this guy
was work at the beginning of the movie he's working at what seems like a pretty legit job and
totally disobeys his boss and ends up getting fired right on the spot that's the beginning
of the movie and he had met right before the scene where he gets fired these two guys who
would kind of thought of the thought of the um the technology on like what blackberry would be like yeah these guys had
created like we're gonna have a computer in a phone like and he's like what are these guys
talking about they had a brutal name he gets fired he goes right to their office they had like 11
employees at the time and um he's like i want to be your ceo but i want half the company and they were like no
no no and he boom he gives him 125 grand for 33 and he gets named co-ceo and i will say from the
movie this is all the movie this guy he was a shark like business-wise and in meetings this
guy was an animal and these guys were kind of nerdy tech um so they needed a voice and the
main guy knew it they needed a guy to be able to sell
they had signed a deal with a
sell company for about 16 million I think
and they hadn't gotten any money yet
reminds me of Zuckerberg
and one who Timberlake
plays where he didn't have the
savviness
he's the guy that invented Napster
Sean Penn's an actor
Sean Penn
Justin Timberlake is the guy in the
movie his name is sean he apparently in the movie invented napster yeah that was him he's the napster
guy they just needed a guy like that so you're so he so he ended up going on this road and he and
and in this guy took him to the next level and blackberry's sean parker sean parker and they
at one point they had 50 of
people with cell phones, 50 of the market
share. And they're killing it.
Well, the movie goes along and the whole movie
was very adamant. He's always listening to
Toronto Sports Talk Radio about the
Leafs. He's watching Don Cherry and shit.
He's watching Don Cherry talk about them. He's watching
Leafs games. And then he meets another guy
who's big with Palm Pilot. And this
guy, he fucking hates
he can't stand this guy this guy comes in he's like we need to combine our companies and like
he's like oh we should go to the Leafs game the guy's like I hate hockey and it like pissed him
off like you got to watch the movie but um all of a sudden they go into his hockey ship owner so
early in the movie he's at a game and he yells out to his assistant make sure it doesn't Bettman
doesn't give me those shitty seats again.
But it's pretty adamant that he's kind of close friends with Gary Bettman.
And then all of a sudden he now he's loaded and you can tell he's loaded.
Like it fast forward, say, five, six, seven years.
And Blackberry's now new market share.
They've taken over market.
Yeah, but they're they're now like their their office is fucking huge.
And there's hundreds and hundreds of employees.
And he now is going to become owner of the Penguins.
And now I'm like, oh my God, I forgot.
We were on the Penguins.
And Jim Balsillie was going to buy him.
And his whole thing, he was moving him to Hamilton.
That was it.
And he was moving him to Hamilton.
And there's a scene where that same guy he hates from Palm Pilot,
who was going to try to combine Palm Pilot and bully them into BlackBerry being one.
He says to his assistant, he goes, hey, and he knew the guy hated hockey.
He says, hey, tell him he should come to the Hamilton Penguins game next season.
I got tickets for him.
Well, all of a sudden, Bettman calls him.
He says, we have the whole board here.
We got to get this thing done.
He's going to buy the team.
This is a done deal.
So he's trying to get a deal done to save BlackBerry.
It's like the whole movie aspect.
Then he hops on his jet to New York and he gets in there.
And they're like, yeah, it's over.
Everyone voted against you.
They say you're not a man of high character and morality.
I remember during the time he was fucking up his own program
because he was too loud mouth about exactly what betman
said to him about what about wanting to move the team now at that time though as you mentioned
blackberry there was a point where they could have sold it and he could have got off where he
doubled down on it where didn't it end up going the other way where he lost lots so i don't know
because i was actually looking after for his net worth he's still a very rich man but there's a guy
in the movie one of the two nerds that started it i i feel bad calling him nerds tech one of the two tech guys one of the
two nerds one of the two techie guys his new boss i wonder who they're talking to so the co the other
co-ceo was like he was the genius behind it and his best friend was like his right hand man this
guy doug he's hilarious he always had on like a bandana he always had a bandana on he was funny like just a kind of a good team guy they had movie night
at blackberry and with all the other nerds and um after the movie it says right before apple
unleashed the iphone this guy sold all his shares he's one of the richest men in canada right yeah
got that knew when to get out that's when you needed to get off because the valuation when
there was no iPhone around,
I mean, everybody had a BlackBerry, right?
Yeah, and I never did,
but I remember everyone had one and they show a clip of Steve Jobs
announcing the iPhone
and all the people from BlackBerry are watching
and you can tell they do a good job acting like,
oh, fuck.
Yeah, something's up.
Like, this isn't good.
And that guy was smart enough to realize,
and then all of a sudden they moved, they wanted to start making the Blackberries in China
to save money.
They all started coming messed up.
Verizon ended up suing them for 500 million
for faulty product because it was incorrect.
It wasn't working.
They tried going to the screen.
They tried getting away from the keyboard.
They tried going to the screen.
When they moved away from that little ball thing.
That's all in there.
I'll never.
You're going to watch the movie. It's great. I will. It's a great movie. I got a lot to catch up thing. That's all in there. You've got to watch the movie.
It's great.
I will.
It's a great movie.
I've got a lot to catch up on.
But this Paul Silly, and that's when you don't know if it's a movie or if it's true,
but he's screaming at Gary Bettman,
I'm going to fucking buy this whole league, fucking losing his mind.
After they pigeon-toss him?
Yeah, after they pigeon-toss him, screaming, running out of the movie.
Who played Gary in it?
This guy who didn't really look like him, but the dude from,
it's the guy from Always Sunny in Philadelphia,
Dennis Reynolds,
plays Jim Balsillie.
He's bald.
Clint Howerton.
Yeah, he's a great actor.
He did a good,
because he's a comedian
and always does Sunny,
always does whatever,
and I'd never seen him in anything else.
He was good in that.
He was incredible,
but he went to like a dramatic arts school,
whatever.
So he was an actor.
Yeah, legit actor,
did theater,
but he was awesome. And two, Jay Baruchel, legit actor, did theater. But he was awesome.
And too, Jay Baruchel, my pal from Goon.
He played the other nerd, other tech guy.
And he did a great job because he's kind of like a hyper kid.
He had to really kind of keep himself quiet.
He was kind of like the quiet bookish type.
But they both did an outstanding job in it.
So if you haven't seen it, check it out.
Kind of another example of like greed seems to kill so many people.
Like greed is something that
if you have it you're gonna end up shriveling yourself and there was so much greed within this
ball silly guy so my thing is you have to be tapped like that to get there get there but yes
not understanding it not being able to see the forest through the trees in certain instances
you're like oh god but. But I think that those wires
are what make them successful to begin with
and give them the confidence to even get to where he got.
I mean, they show clips of Oprah giving away,
you know, she gives away things.
She gives away these BlackBerrys.
She's like, you send emails and you call
and the whole crowd's going nuts.
You forget.
Before iPhone, it was BlackBerry.
Yeah, BlackBerry.
Or you had a flip phone.
Yeah, we had a flip phone. I had a flip phone i had a nokia i just played snake i must have played snake 500 hours remember
snake and and it's just it was it was a cool movie i think part of it we talked at dinner is
like we're like the last generation of people who lived with and without the internet so i always
talk about this and it and i really do think it was like a better world without. Oh, buddy.
I'm so grateful I got to grow up playing manhunt and roller hockey and ball hockey.
Outside. Spitting the bottle.
Dude, I left something.
In the summers, I remember.
I remember this to this day.
My mom would say, 8 o'clock, go outside.
You come in for lunch at noon.
You go back outside.
You come in for dinner at 6.
We weren't allowed to be in the house.
But you didn't want to go in. that we weren't allowed to be you didn't
want to go in and i didn't want to be in and we were in a neighborhood that i grew up i don't know
10 to 15 kids my age was awesome and now i live in a neighborhood similar to how i grew up there's
no kids outside yeah nobody's outside i think it's i think those i think the cell phones and
how quick it's all moving is is is it makes it it makes it hard for these kids to appreciate what
they have in front of them.
And I think Merle said last night,
when cell phones came out and it was texting and it was calls,
it was one thing.
It's almost social media's really made it brutal.
And the video,
when it was texting in phones,
it was kind of like whatever.
Like there's not that much you can do.
Now the ability to just sit on it
and be on Twitter and do your TikToks.
It's like, that's really what's ruined it but i i i know i don't know i would guess people were happier
before phones i just uh yeah if you could pick somebody to be um gary betman's actor in a movie
i think that danny devito would be because you said always sunny and i'm like no way they got danny devito to play betman
and i'm not even chirping him but i feel like he would do an excellent job he's got that same
height he's got the skullet aspect going on for him yeah i mean devito's like five one isn't he
get him some high heel sketchers just like gary wears and you got him at five three
you know he does rock the sketchers
He watches the sketchers
But it just shows
How close the Penguins were
It wasn't just Kansas City
It was
Oh yeah
This ball silly guy
Gets him
We never would have
Fuck
Why couldn't he have
Bought him the Coyotes
I never would have
Experienced Diesel
There's been this run
If you notice
Like TV shows and movies
Like all about products
And how they came to be
Like the Air Jordan
The Tetris movie
That was on Apple
Welcome to Chippendales.
Did you see that on Hulu?
Yeah, I saw that.
Unreal.
Unreal.
Watch it.
Look at Twitter and look at some of the most popular threads now
is how these guys made their wealth.
Yeah.
You go towards the MLSC stuff you're seeing with Messi.
Well, they go back to when David Beckham did it,
and we talked about this and how he was given the Miami.
Well, he signed with the Galaxy, but then he was given the franchise fee.
He was given the opportunity to have a franchise for a 25 million buy-in.
Also, like some of these other younger athletes,
where they're aligning with from like an investing standpoint,
where they're getting in early, early on on some of all these tech companies.
Messi's getting TV shares. He's getting the apple tv shares jersey sales i want to say that mlsc got mls mls or ml
i always say i don't want to see fuck i'm an idiot with your leaves fan yeah um but apple paid i want
to say 250 million for the rights for them for how many ever years, where now all of a sudden that Messi signs up,
that is so under evaluation compared to what he's going to bring as far as numbers now.
Dude, so they had 1 million followers within like an hour after the signing.
They were at 6 million.
They're already at like 11 million, which is more than any NHL team combined.
And then more than any NFL team, MLB team, NBA team.
This is a soccer team america has more
instagram so so just going back to the product thing i think people became like uh fascinated
by just the valuations and how quickly you can make money i mean we were we talking about
mcgregor selling proper 12 for 600 million bucks so it's just like next level with all these
products did you see him jack up that fucking mascot
The other night
I said last night I think the McGregor
Story like obviously the guy
Is I didn't even know he sold that
For 600 million so I guess money isn't a thing
But he seems to be on kind of a
Fucked up path so I don't know if you saw the clip
He looks like he's on coke 24 7
So I think
He has a new company of the spray like the when you know the
soccer players they get sprayed with like the the freezing the frozen spray supposed to feel better
i think like it was all based on at the heat game where he was gonna like fake punch the mascot and
then spray him as like a little bit of an ad dude he put the guy in the hospital yeah i want too
many he's like beat the shit out of this mascot. They were dragging the mascot
by his feet.
And then he's spraying him
with the stuff.
It's like, oh my God.
But yeah, he seems like
just a little bit of a loose cannon,
which I guess, you know,
goes without saying.
Well, steroids and coke.
It's basically like
he's on Jack 3D right now.
Hey, back to the,
back to creating your wealth
and these billionaires
in terms of the cup final.
How did Bill Foley,
Vegas and Vinny Viola in Florida make make their money do we know what they did vinnie viola i believe
in uh started and i could be wrong um like online stock market so like you know the shit that we all
do be using the graphs the analytical graphs as to where it like predicts where it's gonna go okay
okay so he was very early stages on that and he i want to say there was even like a federal indictment or something
crazy that ended up happening where they thought he was like doing it illegally where it's like no
it's just technology evolving statistics pick up a blackberry for christ's sake i'm winning
what do you guys think sorry go ahead yeah you guys are talking about products getting in on
the ground floor,
when they get out, when they get in,
billion-dollar businesses.
Last chance for all of you on Chick-fil-A next year for the final.
Yeah, I'm in.
I'm in.
All right, I'm in.
I'm not missing out on this.
Hey, do you guys...
Only if Andre Waugh is your top steward
has certain cookies out of his asshole.
So do you know how it's popular
where people just hate billionaires?
Would you say to become a billionaire
like you have to be a sick you gotta be pretty like i think evil kind of i think that you cut
throat yeah you're not like i feel like every billionaire out there's probably done some i mean
what are you gonna do if your shit goes to the moon my thing is like i guess biz said like people
are wired in a certain way to become that rich and but for me it's like dude if you gave me
a hundred million
I'm kind of done
like it's just like
I'm done
like I
it's just
these people
like I guess
they never get enough
and yeah
cutthroat's probably
the right way to put it
but you gotta probably
pull some sketchy moves
to become a billionaire
I think it becomes
like a competition too
like who's got more money
it's like you know
they just get caught up
because how much
fucking money
do you really need
I know that's my thing
that's what the NHL players are all doing they're doing it for just
oh i gotta be the richest guy i gotta be the highest paid in the league it's all dick i can't
believe we got on the the internet conversation and didn't mention this baby gronk situation
which is probably a good pretty sad sad pretty sad sad and for people who don't know what's doing
to people so for people who don't know there's-year-old out there who I think has 350,000 Instagram followers.
He's called Baby Gronk.
He's the best 11-year-old football player in the world.
Like the fact we're even saying this is disgusting.
Well, it's come out that his dad is pretty much obviously, the kid's 11.
He's running everything.
He's DMing all these different accounts.
The Bussin' with the Boys guys with Barstool.
Will Compton and Taylor LeJuan, like great guys.
He's just, he's like ruining this poor kid.
And like, I think the guy played and has said like, I tore my knee.
I was going to be unbelievable.
And it just goes back to that.
If you're living vicariously through your child and like your dreams and your goals,
you're then putting in your kid's brain. And it's just sad because like
now I did see this. I saw this kid months ago and he's like going in like, he's going on official
visits and putting on the uniform for Alabama, Tennessee. And it's like, I don't know if the
schools were doing it or they were buying the uniforms, but it's one of those things where like
there's an argument to be made that he's making money because if you have 350,000 Instagram followers, you're creating some sort of revenue stream,
I would guess.
But you're also like you're not even allowing the kid to have a childhood.
And like it's just kind of a fucked up story.
It's fucked up to see like this kid's dad pimping him out there when you haven't even
hit puberty yet, dude.
Like what happens if he doesn't grow?
It's just it's a goofy story that unfortunately happens
way more often than not now.
Yeah, have you never seen that 30 for 30 on Maranovic
or whatever, the football player?
Oh, yeah.
He was taking the kid as a baby and, like, moving his arms and legs
and trying to, like, get him better mobility as a baby
and, like, forced him right into football and created, like, a machine.
It can definitely fuck you up for sure.
Yeah, and that guy, he went off the grid
and became just like a surfer
and had nothing to do with football.
He's no LeVar Ball, that's for sure.
We're going to finish off with Ami.
He has some news from his neck of the woods.
Yeah, so just a little bit ago,
the Penguins tweeted out in a loss in Pittsburgh
a guy that would have been around all of us,
Stan Saverin, the godfather of Pittsburgh,
Pittsburgh sports media, passed away today,
which is really sad.
I worked with him as a host of Penguins pre-
and post-game shows.
Stan was a great guy.
That's sad to hear that.
Yeah, terrible news.
And it happened kind of fast, I feel like.
I'm pretty emotional over it.
I rode in a parade with him and my son
in the second of back-to-back cups with pittsburgh
just a just a great true professional great teammate uh legends of sports media in pittsburgh
fun guy in the room too like he'd always say hi i mean he wasn't looking to grill you with anything
you know he's just looking to kind of shoot the shit oh he was just like he's just a just a great
guy and and and a true like dynamo true dynamo of Pittsburgh sports media.
So with that, rest in peace, Stan.
Love the show.
Sorry to feel lost, Ami.
Yeah, thanks, buddy.
Absolutely, Paul.
Any other final notes before we wrap it here?
See everyone Tuesday at the Beer House.
Today, guys, if you're listening, you're in Vegas,
1 o'clock at the Beer House.
We'll be ready to go.
I'm going to give a pick.
I'm going to give one pick,
but all the picks will be on Game Notes Daily. What time?
12 noon Eastern.
Eastern tomorrow. So 9 a.m. tomorrow
you go. Holy shit.
I didn't realize that until now.
I did that games 1 and 2 out here.
Barbashev.
Any time point minus 1.30.
The cigarette machine. Do you like that picture,
Busy? Oh, I loved it.
There you go. We ran into him.
Have a great weekend. I'll it. There you go. We ran into him. How did everyone know that?
Have a great weekend.
I'll catch up with you later.
Peace.
