Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by DraftKings.com.
Everybody knows football season is back in full swing, coming up on week three this weekend,
and it's never too late to get close to the action of the game you love, the pigskin,
with DraftKings One Week Fantasy Football.
This Sunday, DraftKings is hosting a 100,000 Pick'Em contest
that's totally free to enter.
Pick'Em is the newest way to play One Week Fantasy Football.
Drafting your team is faster than ever.
Last week, Tom Brady, boom.
Struggled a little the first week.
Had him in your lineup last week.
Probably made people a lot of money.
You know, if you're a sucker like me who had drafted David Johnson the first round, you lose him.
Well, yeah, maybe in your fantasy league he's gone.
But with DraftKings, it's a new season every day.
So you just got to fire it back up.
You could choose between public contests with big cash prizes or private contests where you compete against the group of all your friends.
DraftKings has organized players into eight tiers.
All you have to do is select one player from each tier.
DraftKings also has beginner and casual contests
where you play against people of similar skill level.
So if you're new to the game, trying to whet your beak a little,
and you're not exactly Vince Lombardi out there,
you could take one of those contests instead of trying to beat the big guys.
The best part is you get to draft a new team each week without any commitment.
So again, if you get screwed like I did with Davey Johnson, then you can get back at it with DraftKings. So go to DraftKings.com now and use
the promo code CHICKLETS, that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, to play in DraftKings' free contest with 100,000
in total prizes this Sunday. That's promo code CHICKLETS to compete for your share of 100,000
in total prizes the contest is
totally free to enter why wouldn't you try draft kings the game inside the game eligibility
restrictions apply see draftkings.com for details Hello everybody, welcome to episode 45 of Spittin' Chickens.
What up?
Brought to you by Vastos Boots.
Listen, so we have a lot to talk about today.
The season hasn't started But we're doing alright
There's some stuff going on out there
Producer Mikey Grinelli
What's up boys
How's all the listeners doing?
I hope you're doing well
I hope they are well too
We had a great episode last week
With Biz, his Mario story
Got a little buzz out on the internet
Which is always fun for the show
And for the listeners
Because it's a great story
And we interviewed my good friend Matt Murley.
I've mentioned him before.
He's over playing in South Korea, so we figured it would be a good time to talk to him
with L.A. and Vancouver playing in China for the China games.
Yeah.
So it's interesting to see that he's playing in South Korea.
I mean, I guess maybe that's the American in me,
considering South Korea and China are kind of the same thing.
Well, like I said, they're all part of the same landmass, because Korea is the peninsula off of China.
So we want to thank Merles again for coming in.
We'll get to his interview in a little bit.
A distinct Pan-Asian flair to spit and chip this week via the capital district.
I'm going to get fried rice tonight, too.
Yeah, there you go.
First note, just on a little serious note,
your good friend Brian Boyle came out the other day.
The New Jersey Devils announced he has a form of leukemia.
But fortunately, he caught it early.
It's very treatable.
And his attitude is he's going to be in the lineup for game one.
Yeah, he's an animal.
You get the negative of cancer slash leukemia, and then it's followed right after the positivity of the good news of catching it earlier, his attitude, his family and fans' attitude.
So talk about Boyla for a little bit.
Well, just first off, I've known Brian forever.
He grew up in just the town next to where I grew up in Hingham.
He grew up in Hingham, Mass.
Awesome guy.
I mean, you've seen in his career what he's done.
I mean, drafted by the Kings, went to Boston College,
played defenses last year at BC, turned pro.
The Kings kind of wanted him to be a defenseman.
Turns out he's been an awesome kind of two-way forward.
He's been on a bunch of good teams.
He's been to Stanley Cup finals, played with the Rangers,
had a great job with Toronto last year at the deadline.
Mike Babcock spoke glowingly of him.
So I think everyone knows of how valuable of a player he is.
He's a real glue guy.
Yeah, he can play up and down the lineup. He could penalty kill. He could play in front of
the net in the power play. So it was just really scary for me. I heard from a mutual friend of
ours kind of before the news broke about kind of what had happened and his prognosis. But
the fact that they caught it so early is huge. Also, it's very treatable. He's going to be
taking two pills a day as opposed to
chemotherapy, so that makes a big difference. I mean, he's a really tough kid. If you don't
know his story, he's one of 13. He's either one of 12 or 13 kids. His father, Artie Boyle,
great guy, great golfer. He was terminally ill, and he had pretty much a miracle through the
power of prayer Brian's talked about.
And all the cancer was gone. So this is a family who's beaten many things before. And I'm not,
you know, I'm not surprised to hear Brian's already talking about playing in the first game. So
I don't want to say, you know, I'm proud of him. I'm sure he's like, well, I don't give a fuck if
you're proud of me. But just it's amazing to hear how positive he is about everything.
And I just I'm excited for him that he's going into this battle with such, you know, kind of enthusiasm.
And I know it's crazy to hear the word leukemia.
That's just what's so scary about it.
But the way that I've been described it, I texted with him briefly, is that very treatable, caught it early.
He said he feels great right now.
They just caught it, which is great because of the NHL.
What they do now is you do blood work every year, every player.
They do the EKG for your heart every year on every player just to make sure everything's okay, to catch things like this.
So luckily it was caught early, and our prayers are with him.
And I think the whole hockey world has really kind of made it clear how much they're thinking of him.
Yeah, it was.
It was a routine blood test, which, you know, thankfully they do those things because they find, you know, weird shit like this.
And it is not unprecedented.
You remember Jason Blake, actually, a former Duck.
He played, I believe it was the 2007 season, with the exact same illness.
Really?
It was the same thing?
Yeah, exact same thing.
And, you know, he played while ill, while getting treated.
So it's been done before.
And, you know, like I said, Brian has the great attitude.
And it's good to see, you know, hockey twitter can be a very fractured place ahead a lot of times
is fun hockey twitter and there's stick up the ass hockey twitter but uh everybody rallying around
rallying around boiler as you would expect and uh you know we're sending them out boiler the boiler
we're sending him our prayers and best wishes and uh you know we're anticipating him being in the
lineup tall handsome prick too too, that guy.
Yeah, he's a good-looking kid, man.
Tall, handsome prick.
He's got that Doc Irish in him for sure.
Lucky bastard.
Yeah.
Speaking of good-looking, Doc-y-head guys with blue eyes,
Joffrey Lupo in Toronto.
Interesting.
That wasn't too bad for a couple of gay-sounding guys right now.
But I do think that that story is bizarre.
I played with Loops for a season in Anaheim.
I actually saw him go through one of the hardest times
I've ever seen a player go through.
He had back surgery and ended up getting infected.
He was in bed.
He had to be in bed for over a month.
So there was a time when you didn't know.
Where do I sign up for that?
Yeah, that is your style, actually.
You just rolled out of it right now, I can see.
But I think that he basically, he's been through a lot.
And at this point, I don't know if you saw, he put an Instagram post up of, I think, himself snowboarding or whatever it was.
And somebody kind of said, when are you going to come back?
And if you look at his Instagram, a lot of Toronto fans will write, hey, are you going to come back?
Are you going to play?
How are you feeling?
And what did he write exactly?
He said, they cheat, meaning they,
the Maple Leafs,
they cheat and everyone knows it.
It's a riot or it's a laugh or something.
Basically, yeah,
just to refresh the viewers, the listeners.
He's on long-term IR.
Yeah, he's on long-term disability.
Maple Leafs have him there because they don't have to have the money eat their cap.
And he wanted to come back and play.
And their doctor said, no, you can't come back.
And he felt he could come back.
They said no.
Yeah, that's what he made it sound like.
Right.
And he said, well, they cheat, which was interesting.
And he said, and everyone knows it.
And there's been long accusations of the Maple Leafs being favored for the NHL.
There's such a huge market.
And look at all the guys who do play there, who work in the organization,
Lou Lamorello and Shanahan and Babcock.
So there's a lot of clout there, so you do wonder about what's going on.
There it is right there.
Responding to a fan loophole said, ha-ha, failed physical.
They, the Leafs cheat.
Everyone lets them.
And, you know, is there validity to that, or is he still genuinely hurt and shouldn't be playing hockey?
Well, the question is, we'll never really know.
I mean, and I think that, if anything, you know, let me read his.
That's his reply after he deleted the Instagram.
So he came out and said, I responded earlier this week to some negative comments on Instagram.
It was an inappropriate response and I deleted it.
But I take full responsibility.
It's been extremely tough not being able to play over the past one and a half years.
I will not be seeking a second opinion,
but I hope one day to be able to get back on the ice.
I apologize to the media, fans, Leafs organization,
and most of all my teammates for this unneeded distraction.
So whether or not he was telling the truth at the beginning
or who knows what he was thinking when he wrote that,
you won't really know now.
And for him, Leafs are saying, listen, you're going to get all your money.
Right.
Shut up and go away.
If you don't kind of get out of this and make this story go away,
maybe you won't get all your money.
So he's signed another deal with them money. So he's got a lot.
He signed another deal with them.
I think he's got like two or three more years left of making, you know,
five, five, five and a half million a year.
That's just kind of quoting.
I think it's somewhere around there.
It's a nice chunk of change.
But either way, I mean, it's just a weird spot because you can't prove anyone.
It's full of shit.
Exactly.
So if you have a doctor that's saying, oh, you can't play,
but maybe Lamorello's calling him and saying, you're hurt you know yeah and and you don't
want to say either way right this is us just kind of guessing but it was it was an interesting time
because it's it's a team toronto who's right in the right in the heart of it they're they're right
in the middle of the the hockey media world and then that story comes out it's just like something
that the reporters they're just dreaming to talk about at this time of the year and they're finally good he probably just
wants to play for them exactly he was there during all those shit years he probably feels he can still
contribute but i gotta imagine as a player though it's gotta be frustrating as hell that you know
like you said like granelli just said he he struggled through the shit yeah a few shit years
and now they're good he wants to play and went through a lot you've been through a lot health
wise he has he's been through a lot a lot of in his career. He's been through a lot of shit, and he's always come back,
and that's not an easy thing to do physically or mentally.
I love the Babcock quote, though.
I'm paraphrasing.
He goes, like, yeah, I'm not sure what Loops is up to,
but I wish him the best.
Like, okay, you have no idea what's going on here.
All right, I mean, just a veteran liar at the mic like any coach.
That's Belichick move.
Yeah, Belichickian. I just, you know, you at the mic like any coach. That's Belichick move. Yeah, Belichickian.
I just, you know, you feel bad if Loops does want to play.
You wish he'd be able to, but it's like, do you want your money?
I don't know how they would do it.
They don't want that money on their cap,
and they've made it kind of clear that this is how they're doing it. If you go by what he said originally on the Instagram post.
Right.
It's just like, and that guy, no one's going to, you know,
don't cry for me.
I've seen the guy's making 5 million, 6 million a year. You know he's rich as shit. It's just like, and that guy, no one's going to, you know, don't cry for me. I've seen the guy's making five,
six million a year. You know,
he's rich as shit.
It's awesome.
I love it for him.
Like we were talking
about last week
with,
about Bugsy.
And by the way,
Bugsy,
for the couple people
who weren't sure who he was,
was Ryan Malone
who played with
Wits in Pittsburgh.
You know,
about going out
in your own terms.
You know what I mean?
Like now he's,
you know,
not allowed to go out
in his own terms.
I mean,
who knows in two years
after his contract runs out
if he, you know, I mean, he's probably going to be too late then own terms. I mean, who knows in two years after his contract runs out. I mean,
it's probably going to be too late then. He'll be older
and slower. But
I think it's probably frustrating on that level.
Like, okay, whether he can physically play
or not, just like he's kind of hit
a roadblock and he can't even really kind of have the closure
he wants. It's just interesting if you really did want to rat them
out for doing something. If any team
could do something like this and for you
to do it, you might not end up getting your money so it's like what are you what are you
gonna do here and 99 out of 100 guys are gonna say give me my money actually 100 nobody would
fucking speak up to try to rat out a team to not get paid so it's just it's an unfortunate kind of
spot for for loophole to be in especially if he if he wants to be playing if he kind of doesn't
miss the game and he's happy how things went out, then things are perfect. But I think
that little message on Instagram that's since
been deleted kind of shows he
probably wishes he was still playing.
But I wish him the best. I do. Luke's a great guy.
Hell of a player, too.
Speaking of, we did mention Bugsy last week.
We got a couple tweets. Who was Bugsy?
Like we said, Ryan Malone.
Well, where'd Bugsy come from? And then
Bugsy Malone.
And it's funny because I just thought he was a real gangster.
But it was actually, it's kind of a funny story. Well, his dad was called Bugsy Malone, Bugsy's dad.
And that was because of the person you're talking about?
Well, here's the thing.
I always thought it was Bugsy Malone the gangster.
But the movie Bugsy Malone came out somewhere in the 70s.
And it was an all-child cast playing the role of gangsters.
And it was like a musical.
So, like, you had Scott Baio playing Bugsy Malone, but Bugsy Malone was based on the actual gangster, Bugs Moran.
Oh, okay.
So, but because it came out in the 70s, and, you know, I think Jodie Foster was in it, so it was, you know, well-known back in the 70s.
I know one musical with younger kids, that's Newsies.
And that's a fucking good one. So, no, it's interesting, because
yeah, that makes sense. They would have called
Bugsy's dad that back when the movie was popular,
and then, of course, it just gives it to the kid automatically.
So, just one of those weird little quirky
hockey nicknames would just try to...
Our buddy Merle did mention he saw
Bugsy's first exhibition game,
so apparently he's looking light on the feet.
Yeah, good. that would be a great
great story
and he'd be a fucking
great guest
I'll bring him on for that
one other story
I mean people have been
asking about it
we'll bring it up
I mean I think it's just
kind of a routine
contract shit
I can't say his name
for the life me
Anthony
Anthony
Anthony
Anthony
Anthony
Anthony
Anthony
Andre
is it Andre's
Anthony
yeah
in Detroit
he's holding out.
Everyone's asking us, what do we think?
I mean, he wants money.
He wants a certain contract.
Detroit's not giving it to him.
He's mentioned he could go to the KHL.
He hasn't gone yet.
Where we're at is a stalemate.
I mean, there's nothing really to be said.
Exactly.
There's really not, I mean...
I'll tell you what.
This kid does have some belief in himself, though,
because he's not given in to that he should take a certain deal
and he's willing to, I think,
go play somewhere else.
Now, he hasn't done it yet,
so maybe he's not willing,
but he certainly is not giving in
to what he thinks
isn't the value
that he believes he deserves.
So it's like...
Yeah, and Kenny Holland's
offered him two years,
1.9 a year, three.
I mean, it's not, you know,
I mean, it's the kid,
he's only had two years,
but he's a skilled kid.
It does seem low for the way... The goals I've seen him score, it's like 1.9 a year. Have you, it's not, you know, I mean, it's the kid, he's only had two years, but he's a skilled kid. It does seem low for the way I've, the goals I've seen him score,
it's like 1.9 a year.
Have you seen the contracts they have, though?
It definitely seems low.
Yeah, Detroit's got some long-term deals.
Horrible contracts.
Well, I mean, they look bad now as guys are older,
but when they signed him, Detroit was, felt like they were in the cup finals
or at least in the West Conference finals every year.
Sounds similar to a local team, sort of with Shirelli, you know?
I mean, they had a good team for a long time,
not the Bruins, the Red Wings,
but, you know, now they're kind of paying for some of the contracts that maybe didn't look so bad a few years ago.
Now they're prohibiting him from signing this kid
to a deal he probably deserves.
So, yeah, I mean, obviously, you know, for the league,
we'd like to see him get there,
but, you know, it's just your standard contracts deal, mate.
It's either the player's going to win or the team is going to.
The other shit that's going on, these fucking dopey-ass face-off rules.
Oh, my God.
They want you to basically be a statue when you get to the face-off circle.
So before we go into our discussion, we have a little
Brad Marchand had a beautiful quote, so let's listen to that quick.
Oh, yeah, drop that in there for now.
Yeah, that's the last one.
I mean, that's one, but this face-off rule
is an absolute joke.
That's how you ruin
the game of hockey
by putting that in there.
So they're going to have
to do something about that
because we can't play
this year like that.
That's brutal.
All right, so that kind of
makes it clear where
at least one guy
in the league stands.
He's great.
All right, so before we go
into the face-offs,
about the slashing rule
that's also been bitched about,
I see a lot of reporters
bitching about it.
I think they're pissed off
at how long the games are taking
and that's why they don't like it.
Wah,
my deadline.
The slashing,
the slashing rule
is,
it reminds me of
after the lockout
that canceled the whole season
in,
was it 0405,
whatever.
Yes.
When they came back,
you remember hooking and holding.
Yep.
It was completely different.
It was like, you can't hook anyone.
There's no picks.
Defensemen can set on guys so that the four checkers can't get in and hit defensemen.
Obstruction hook-in.
And people went bananas.
They complained about it.
So the slashing one, I think that'll be figured out quick.
The same way that that hooking and holding was bitched and ranted and raved about, people
got over it quickly.
They adapted.
The game became faster
and i think that that has been great for the rule i mean if you go back and watch the cup finals
calgary tampa all you'd literally just lasso a guy pull him india and there was no penalty so
that's been good so i thought he don't want tampa not a big deal that's a great hit by you
so the slashing one whatever right now it's kind of a disaster, but they'll figure it out. On the other hand, this face-off rule is fucking ridiculous.
And Marshawn's right because hooking, holding, slashing,
those can affect the games, and you can get more power plays, and that's good.
These are face-offs.
Like, a guy cheats in for a draw, I mean, who cares?
Just drop the puck, ref, and get out of the way.
Whoever wins the draw, if you cheat, you cheat.
I mean, it's all about timing it.
You watch the ref's hand, and when he drops it, you just get in there quick.
I mean, if you're going to start calling penalties, my only issue with this is,
and you watched the other night, Toronto was playing Ottawa.
The Ottawa guy, it might have been Zach Smith, I don't know who it was,
was in there first.
His foot was beyond the, it's kind of like a red line
where you're not supposed to go past his feet.
And then the Toronto guy got in there before the puck was dropped,
and he got the penalty.
So that one, the refs I almost feel bad for,
because I don't know who they're going to know how to call a penalty on.
And face-offs, I know they're valuable, right?
But to get a penalty off of cheating on a draw.
Like, who the fuck was clamoring for this?
Yeah, who was clamoring for this change?
I don't know. I really don't know.
Do players have any say in rule changes like this?
That's a great question.
They do.
Because Machan, he said, if it was in the same quote, he bitched about,
like, oh, we should have known about this.
And it's like, well, your team reps do.
There is communication that is supposed to level down to let players know.
But they start at the GM's meetings.
The GM's meetings will go over what they want to change in rules.
So I don't know if then they go to Donald Fair or whatever
and the Players Association gets a little bit of an input.
I should probably remember or know that.
I bet your team reps do, but in the end, it's kind of up to them.
If they want to change something, they're going to give it a shot.
But I just don't understand where this whole face-off thing came from.
Right, it's not a problem in the NHL.
Yeah, guys quote-unquote cheated face-offs but like it's it's such it's yeah part of the game whatever
you call it's like it's not cheating to the extent like you're hooking a guy or holding a guy it's
you're talking about you know milliseconds of beating them to a puck and also i mean just like
i said with the slash and guys will figure it out but it's still like if you end up getting a tough
call against you on something like this i mean what, what do you  like at that point, it's like, what the  I just got a penalty because my foot was over the fucking dash on a faceoff?
That's just kind of stupid to me.
I mean, you slash a guy.
It's one thing.
A faceoff is different.
I do like the rule.
They changed it in terms of the new rule where if you challenge an offside and you're incorrect. You don't lose your timeout.
You get a penalty.
So that's kind of cool.
That's going to make coaches second guess.
And so all of a sudden you could see a team gets scored on to go down 2-1 late.
Coach thinks it was offside.
He challenges it.
It's not offside.
So not only are you down 2-1, then you're killing a penalty too.
So that's kind of a cool rule.
That was like one that I like.
Because you know what? Now coaches have to
think about it, because before I was like,
fuck it, it's a timeout. I don't use them half the time
anyways. It was a no-brainer to use it,
because if you lost your timeout, big fucking deal.
All that does now is put a lot of pressure
on video guys. So you think of
some of the video guys I've had, great guys
that are sitting there, coaches fucking screaming
at them through the earpiece, is that fucking
offside? I don't know. I don't know.
And you have to panic right away.
And if you cause your team a penalty, you're getting extra calls.
Yeah, they're making their appointments with their optometrists now to make sure they got their best eyeglasses on.
But the point Marshawn made as well, and you just said it, this could potentially affect a Stanley Cup final.
potentially affect like a Stanley Cup final.
Like imagine having a power play goal in a fucking game seven of a cup because a guy's fucking skate touched the fucking hash mark on the face off.
I mean, that's what I hate when they
It's foolish.
It's like the whole puck over glass thing.
Like, you know, you're penalizing guys.
I get the intent at first, guys, with shooting the puck out of the zone
to, you know, stop the player, well, shorthanded or whatever,
just any time if they're under pressure.
Now, like, you're penalizing guys for accidents. You know, likeorthanded or whatever, just any time if they're under pressure.
Now, like, yeah, penalizing guys hurt accidents.
You know, like, guys sometimes do it, like, you know,
just coming out of their own zone or whatever.
You're laughing at penalized, aren't you?
Penalized always makes me laugh.
Me too.
It's like a fart.
You're always laughing at a fart. I don't care how old you are.
You know, you just hate to see, like, over-officiate.
You know what I mean?
It's like over-officiating.
Again, like, who was, like, clamoring for it?
Yeah, that's what's weird.
Was it the guys with, like, you know, 36 was clamoring for it? That's what's weird.
Was it the guys with 36 face-off?
The refs certainly weren't.
Because the refs were probably like, are you kidding me?
I just wanted to drop the puck now.
Now I've got to drop the puck, watch,
even though the head ref's the one that has to be watching. It's kind of a goofy rule.
The only thing I'll say, more power plays, more offense, more goals. Well, that's probably
the logic. I understand that, but
you could kind of do it in different
ways. Former ref Paul Stewart,
I don't know if you follow him on Twitter.
He runs the KHL refs now. Oh, does
he really? He did when I was in the KHL.
He runs the Russian refereeing in the
KHL. I did not know that.
It's interesting. So he tweeted
the toughest ref of all time.
He did that classic pick of him
and O'Reilly fighting when he was with the Nordiques.
But he tweeted a little, I guess
Twitter thread earlier today saying
that basically the NHL refs
the way they're being brought up and trained, it's like
they're learning how to ref by email
instead of by natural flow
as they should because
they get in every game,
the first thing they do after they shit, shower, shave,
and fucking have a couple beers is they pop open their laptop on the next plane
and they got some guy in Toronto telling them,
you missed this call, you missed that call,
and here's a penalty and you should have called that.
So they're kind of like robotic versions of what a ref should be.
And like Stu was saying, it should be natural flow and like,
okay, is this a penalty?
Does this affect the game?
Should that have been a  you know what I mean?
Like how to be a normal ref.
So I thought it was an interesting point by a guy who knows the profession
as well as anybody.
So, yeah, that's
I mean, yeah, that's kind of us kind of recapping what's going on in the NHL.
I think training camp is exciting because you see some jobs being won.
You see some young players.
But for us, I mean, it's tough to see all the teams.
It'll be a little easier when final rosters are made for us to kind of go over, you know,
not necessarily previews, but at least talk about what teams have and what they could do.
I mean, I think if you're a fan of an individual team, it's a great time.
You're watching your team.
You're seeing how they look.
You're seeing young guys that you expect a lot out of.
You saw the first overall pick, Nico.
He shearscore a beautiful goal for Jersey in his first exhibition game against the Capitals.
So it's been an exciting time for some young guys.
The Knights have looked awesome, too.
Yeah, the Knights.
Twitter is justwe talked about them.
Once they're like 3-13 to start the year, I wonder where their Twitter game is going to go.
But right now, they're just rocking it.
Hilarious, dude. They chirp the Canadians
about their number of titles.
I think a lot of times the teams
are chirping them back because, yeah, I mean,
okay, yeah, they won. It's an exhibition game, but you know what?
It's exciting. They're a new franchise. It's the first
time. They win a couple, and they're
just trying to have a little moment, and then the teams are coming
at them, and it reminds me of hanging on the
street going as a city kid. They bust your balls. It's like, it reminds me like hanging on the street going in the city as a city kids like you know they bust your balls
it's like fuck you i'm gonna come at you harder and they get to rant to run their twitter account
they dropped that one on the fucking canadians like oh you guys bragging about winning all your
cups in a 16 league it was like fucking dummy them not to mention the fucking the rigged draft
but yeah the the vegas twitter has definitely announced they're not going to be pushed around
yeah but they don't look too bad.
They don't look bad.
I mean, I will say last year, Colorado went 6-7-0 in preseason, and they were pathetic.
So preseason doesn't mean much.
It's more about guys winning jobs and kind of showing what they got.
But it's exciting for us, at least for me, to start watching some hockey again.
I love how many games are on now.
Usually it seems like there's a game on TV three, four times a week, NHL Network, things like that.
Yeah, there's a lot more exhibition games on now than probably that you've ever seen before.
It's good.
I haven't really had  my schedule's been a little wonky.
I haven't really had an opportunity to see too much of it.
I know the Bruins are on the other night.
I think they're on again tonight.
Who are they playing tonight?
Yeah, playing Philly tonight.
They've got Philly tonight, yeah.
So, yeah, actually, like you said, predictions and stuff like that,
people have been asking.
One guy said, I know it's too soon.
I said, you're right, it's way too soon.
We'd like to see what training camps are done.
And if somebody gets buckled with an injury.
Exactly.
We obviously don't want that to happen, but stuff like that.
We just, you know, obviously, you see the final roster,
you're going to get a better idea of what the team is going to do.
So, you know, when the league does start, actually two weeks from tonight,
the Bruins opener is, you know, we'll get to that stuff,
obviously with the futures.
And speaking of futures.
Yeah, so we're going to bring in my buddy Matt Murley now.
I was really happy to get to talk to him.
Unfortunately, it's late where he was.
So we're going to have him in in person sometime.
It'll be even better.
He can get some real stories.
But he's the best.
So we'll bring in Murls right now.
Hey, Wits, before you bring in Merle, I just want to talk to you guys
about our friends over at mybookie.ag,
the number one rated online sports action site for three straight years.
I've been cashing out in the reg with baseball action
they offer every day, and now the football's here.
Cha-ching. Had the Pats last week, minus seven. That was a gimme,
a gift. You're not going to get a
better gift than that all year you can also score big uh monday night football thursday night
football all kinds of football this time here college if that's your bag jump all over that too
any boxing matches coming up boom my bookie.ag you know who's going to win right put your money
where your mouth is lay down some cash and win big today. Join thousands of online players just like me and Wits. Start betting at
mybookie.ag.
Sign up, collect a 100 bonus, and
double your bankroll on the hizzy.
Just use promo code SPIT to
get started today. I'd only
recommend a service to my listeners that's been good to
me. That's why I'm urging
you to make your way to mybookie. You win,
they pay. It's that simple. Stop
wasting your time betting anywhere else.
They have in-game betting, live betting,
the most rewarding player perks in the business,
and an all-new best-in-class mobile website
that makes wagering on the go a breeze.
And unlike some other websites you might find,
MyBookie offers fast, no-hassle payouts when you win.
So join now, and MyBookie will match your deposit
up to 100 bonus. Again, that's promo
code SPIT, S-P-I-T, to activate the offer. Visit MyBookie.ag today or call 844-900-BETS, B-E-T-S.
You play, you win, you get paid. Expert or rookie, you got to check out MyBookie. Sign up today.
Spirit or rookie, you got to check out my bookie.
Sign up today.
And now we're happy to bring in one of my best friends and one of my favorite teammates I've ever had, Matt Murley,
who's over playing in South Korea.
Mur, what is up, buddy?
Hey, boys, how you doing?
And as we say over here, say hello.
Anya say oh.
Anya say oh.
I like that.
I like that.
So, Murls, nobody really knows. I'm sure they don't know that we know each other through when I like that. I like that. So, Merles, nobody really knows.
I'm sure they don't know that we know each other through when I left school.
We became teammates in the playoffs that year in the AHL.
We then played the next year, the lockout year in the Wilkes-Barre together.
And then we played a year in Pittsburgh together.
So we've been close friends since.
Can you just fill in everyone kind of where you've been since then,
all the leagues you've played in, and how much you've seen in pro hockey?
It would almost be easier probably to say the leagues i haven't played in but
when i left north america i went to chile so i went and lived in russia for the league
and i've heard stories about that and commodore stories and and that's they are all 100 right on
yes from there i jumped over to switzerland played one year there. And then after that, I moved up to my favorite spot, which was Sweden.
I played three years up there and met my girlfriend, my current girlfriend, up there during that time in Timra.
And that was an amazing experience.
After that, I bounced around a couple of other KHL teams.
And last year, I was in Japan playing for OG Eagles.
And this year I ended up in the same league, in the Asian League,
but I'm playing for Dam Young Killer Whales.
And we're located just outside Seoul, Korea.
Holy shit.
I got to say, that's a veteran move, scooping up a girlfriend
when you're playing in the Swedish Elite League.
That's a nice move.
I like that.
So, actually, we're watching right now.
It's the replay of the Kings and Canucks from earlier.
There's hockey going on, and I think they're playing in Shanghai.
Now, obviously, you're in Korea, same country, same landmass, basically.
Obviously, you're on the peninsula.
How much aware is the Asian community, I guess, all the different countries there around Japan, know, Japan, you know, Cambodia, Vietnam, how much countries are aware that the NHL is being played there,
or is it just strictly kind of known in Shanghai or China? I mean, I was pretty excited about it,
because not every night there's an NHL, it's right on at 8.30 our time, so that was perfect, but
these guys are really focused on the Olympics this year, being in South Korea, and a couple of my
teammates will end up playing on the South Korean team.
That's a big talk.
Seoul and stuff is more about the Olympics.
How do you guys do for fans?
It's about what you would think over here.
I'd say we got 1,500 for opening night.
That's pretty standard around the league.
A couple of the teams you'll see get up to 2,000 or 3,000,
and that would be at the top end.
They're good little size ranks and uh you know it's actually a better hockey than i expected before i came over yeah so i mean i i'm
wondering like are you like just the guy in the locker room nobody's talking to is it similar to
russia or i mean do guys speak english over there how is that um yeah well this this place is pretty lucky i got uh we actually got one of our buddies ryan caldwell over here too
and we have we got a couple other imports and we actually have an import that got one of his he got
the passport to play for south korea brian young so he was over here i don't know six seven years
ago and he's been playing ever since they gave him a passport to play on the national team.
So we've got a bunch of guys speaking English.
Our coaches are English.
Our coach is Kevin Constantine.
He was coaching San Jose and Pittsburgh.
So we've got a good group of North Americans here to hang around with and play some pretty good hockey.
He's a ginger, too, so he must really stand out in Korea.
Now, you just mentioned a guy who got a passport.
Now, is there any possibility, have you looked into any interest in maybe,
you know, if they were so inclined to play for South Korea in the Olympics,
if they present such an opportunity to make you a citizen
or however that would work?
Yeah, I think that time has passed for me.
I think you had to commit years ago like they did.
There was, I think, five or six of them that you had it you had to commit years ago like they did there's
i think five or six of them they committed to doing it five or six years ago and i think now
i just read that um a couple guys are doing it for china for the next olympics even the 2022
so they're they're starting to go down that same path where they're going to give a few
north americans the passports to help build the team. Well, you see, too, when you and I were in the KHL,
they didn't have this Kowloon Red Star team that they have now.
So I have a buddy over there now, Brandon.
Yep, I'm sure you know guys playing over there.
But it would be so cool to get to play in the Olympics
if you never otherwise could, whether you're playing for China,
South Korea, the United States, it's the Olympics either way.
So I just think that that's pretty interesting
that a North American was over in South Korea, the United States, it's the Olympics either way. So I just think that that's pretty interesting that a North American was over in South Korea that long ago to kind of plan for
all this. But looking back to the time you spent in North America and when you turned pro, can you
kind of explain to everyone how exciting it was? You were already with the Penguins when they got
Crosby as a draft pick and you ended up playing with them and roommates on the road with them so like what was what was that like for
you when they got him and how much did that change everything um yeah uh i've been up a little bit
that year before that and uh you know i i stay claim that i'm part of the reason they were able
to draft him because i was so bad and team was so bad we we ended up getting the first pick
we actually i think we lost the first
lottery though and uh we end up drafting malkin yeah that's a tough loss too so that's what at
the end of that year we were so bad we we were the worst team but we lost the lottery got the
second pick so you got malkin and then the kicker and the whole deal was that it was the lockout
after and they used the same standings and like a little bit different but we ended up
with crosby so by me being such a plug pittsburgh got the draft malcolm and crosby wow i think they
should put a statue for him that's that's i think there is there is i mean there was a bunch of us
there was a bunch of us up there that you know we probably shouldn't have been up there at the time
and we're out there and like trout yeah yeah time. We were out there. Like Trout.
Yeah, your buddy Trout was out there.
There was a bunch of us.
It was great.
But then when we got across, my first thing was like,
oh no, another forward I have to compete against and make the team.
But at his first camp, we ended up both making the team.
We all see what he's done since then and he's still a amazing friend and uh we had a great time together the year i was there with him especially on the road yes we did matt you played obviously you mentioned all over the
world so far but i still detect uh quite a bit of a capital district tri-city region accent hidden
down there somewhere troy new york yeah troy new
york so just a couple and a half two and a half hours from you guys in boston and uh you know
i've made a few trips down in the summers to hang with wit and all those boston boys so well yeah
because i picked up some of that accent as well i went to school not far from there in northwestern
masses so we used to our tv channels got all the albany
stations so i albany choice connected to you like in in brain ingrained in my head forever from
living up there i still actually i i do need to repeat one of my not repeat tell one of my
favorite merle stories was that he uh he he was a fresh come incoming freshman at RPI, and he was the big recruit, star recruit.
And they had a two-mile run test, and Merle does the first mile.
He's like, absolutely not.
I'm done.
They're like, what do you mean you're done?
He's like, I'm not running anymore.
They're like, so I'm senior.
What the fuck, Merle?
Get up and fucking run.
This is fucking college.
What are you doing?
He goes, I'm not here to run.
I'm here to score goals.
I'm going to get 50 points this year.
I'm going to lead this team in scoring. Shut up. This is a freshman. And what did you doing? He goes, I'm not here to run. I'm here to score goals. I'm going to get 50 points this year. I'm going to lead this team in scoring.
Shut up.
This is a freshman.
And what'd you go on?
Did you go on to get 49 points?
Yeah, 49.
So I didn't reach the goal.
Yeah, but still.
I was actually a Boston guy,
Mark Murphy.
He was ready to kill me.
I didn't know that was Murph
that was going to end up killing you.
I didn't really know
about the working out part
of the program to go with hockey.
Now I feel like that's more important than the hockey part.
Well, that's what I was going to say.
When you came into the league, kind of explain to me what it was like then.
That was a couple years before me.
And what was the veteran situation like then as opposed to what it is now
and guys that kind of took you under your wing?
I mean, I can remember a couple of Lyle Odeline lunches.
Yeah, well, you and Biz told one of my favorite stories last weekend
when Mario axed the extra skate.
I was in that session with Biz.
Oh, you were in that?
Oh, hilarious.
I was on the ice for that one.
And he goes, no, no thanks.
And we were so happy, like he Biz said.
And then the other one was the one you gave about the weight room testing.
He gives us the yellow post-it note, going in and write down how many push-ups and sit-ups you can do.
I remember going in there with Brendan Buckley.
We both wrote down the same numbers, handed them back in, and we were out of there.
Which is always bringing up dirt on everybody else.
So we need you to give us a little bit of dirt on Whitney and tell us a story or two about living with him on the road or whatever.
I think he told the one already where
we made him drive us to the casino
the night before his first pro game.
So when we got back, we all missed curfew.
That was a tough start to his pro career.
Actually, Merles, you've got to tell the story
of when we went back to
Atlantic City. That's my favorite
one.
I don't know if the public's ready for that one.
But, all right.
We're down at Wilkes-Barre during the lockout,
and we turned into a little bit of a gambling team.
We're playing poker every night at our apartment, six, seven guys.
One week, we decide we have a system to beat the Blackjack.
Leave at around 3 a.m.
We're down at Atlantic City, and this one casino has a double exposure Blackjack. We at around 3 a.m. We go to Atlantic City.
And this one casino has a double exposure Blackjack.
We got a system.
We're going to beat this game.
So we get down to Atlantic City.
Come into the place at 7 a.m.
Tables closed.
Sign on it.
So we drove all the way down there.
Don't even get to play.
Me and him have to go up, share a room.
It was a nightmare of a trip. I believe we missed the Super Bowl
the next day because of it. Yeah, we missed
the team Super Bowl party because we were such
degenerates. But he didn't even include the fact
we had played
Philly in a 3-3.
So you play Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
Oh, yeah.
So we drove
from Wilkes-Barre to Philly, which is two hours.
We played a game at 5 o'clock, 5 to 8.
We drive back to Wilkes-Barre.
We get there at like 10.30.
We go out.
Then we're like, we got to go back to AC.
We're going to beat it.
We go back to our apartment at 2.
Then we hit the road.
On the way there, we're like, dude, we need a coffee.
Merles, you need a coffee.
Oh, yeah.
We can't keep up.
Remember when I came out with the two coffees? So he goes into the 7-Eleven to need a coffee. Oh, yeah. Remember when I came out with the two coffees?
So he goes into the 7-Eleven to get a coffee,
and I'm like, get me a hot chocolate.
This is 5 in the morning.
He's running out so happy.
Wait, we got a hot chocolate.
They have it.
Dude, the kid stepped on some black ice,
went 15 feet in the air, fell.
Coffee, hot chocolate went all over him.
He was covered in that.
I'm like, oh, my God, what are we doing? But then we but then we got there table was closed once it opened we lost all our money and we missed the
soup bowl the next day wow it's not that sounds like a an ad for bad ideas jeans it was just it
was a degenerate move by a degenerate team we made a lot of growing up yeah it was bad it was a
pretty it was a pretty good roommate to have i ended up living with him out in the summer a
couple times out in Boston and stuff,
and we were usually pretty much on the same page.
Yeah, we like to have fun.
We like to gamble and
drink and watch games.
We still do.
And get in one, as Commodore says.
Yeah, exactly.
So, we were talking before the show,
we typically avoid politics
in the show, and we're not necessarily bringing them up now.
But, you know, you are living on the Korean Peninsula.
You know, the president of the United States, you know,
basically threatened to blow half of the peninsula into oblivion
if, you know, things aren't done his way or whatever.
Now, as an American living on that peninsula,
like what do you think like when that gets said?
Because obviously, you know, you can what do you think like when, when that gets said, because obviously,
you know, you can't,
you can't limit where the damage from a bomb goes or the way the wind
blows or anything like that.
So is that something you think about or you're afraid about,
or you just kind of keep going on living your life?
Yeah, it's something we're hearing about every once in a while,
but I'm not too worried about it.
I feel like if it was something really important,
it would something we take care of or
you know we have the radio channel from the u.s army base on here they have like their own channel
playing american music and stuff and they're they would be warning us if there was something
really major to get out of here but i think it's a lot of bluffs from up north and we really have
nothing to worry about down here kim Kim Jong-un, Murley.
That first year I lived in, I played Russia.
We flew on these little tiny planes, and we were dropping to middle Siberia to fill up gas,
and there was no de-icing or anything like that, and we'd pop right back up in the air,
and we're flying 15 hours each night.
If I was going to go down, that was the time.
I feel like I'm safe no matter where I am after that.
Yeah, that's the time so i feel like i'm safe no matter where i am after that yeah that's it that's the attitude to have and you know i mean you you it wasn't like these kind of geopolitical
things weren't going on before you got there it's obviously they probably get ramped up a little in
the last few months but yeah we just felt you know we wanted your perspective what it's like to
to be an american living on that peninsula right now okay merles also um i know you're into futures bets what are you
thinking cup champs this year what bets have you made for nhl teams etc starting my research on
that and i just really have a hard time betting against them if crosby malcolm and murray are all
going to be healthy if you guys are talking about it as carolina i think we'll have a better team
they can make some noise. You know,
I still like the Blackhawks.
I lost big on them last year.
I had them win in their first round
and they got swept.
But I don't give up on them yet either.
Can you bet on NHL in South Korea?
Do they have casinos
or like sports books there?
No, here it's all,
it's no sports betting's allowed.
You have to hide your IP address and then use your accounts from Europe
and stuff like that to get your action in.
And they have casinos here.
I think now they're just opened up to the public,
but they used to be for foreigners only.
But, you know, we have a team party tomorrow night.
Maybe we'll check those out.
Yeah, you got to get those chuches in, man. You got. Yeah, you've got to get those futures in, man.
You've got to jump on before the season starts, man.
Which ones are you guys looking at?
I haven't really looked all that much yet.
I kind of want to see how training camp shapes out.
Obviously, you don't want a better team now and then have their star player
blow his knee out, go off a bit during training camp.
But, you know, Chicago's a team that I'll probably take their odds.
I like to look at long odds.
Like you just said, Carolina, there's a team no I'll probably take their odds. I like to look at long odds like, you know, like you just said, Carolina.
There's a team no one's going to expect to do anything.
You know, you might catch them at 50 or 60 to 1, and if they get in the playoffs,
you know, you never know what can happen.
I mean, I took Tampa Bay 40 to 1 back in 2004 and ended up cashing.
So I like to chase some long odds.
We had Nashville going there for a while last year. Yeah, yeah.
That was a nice little run
unfortunately they ran into the the penguins buzzsaw but um yeah you know something like that
it gives you something to root for and you know you can have some hedging opportunities late in
the year so anaheim anaheim's nasty i like this guy man anna oh yeah murrell murrell's yeah
anaheim's good anaheim's real good i mean i don's good. Anaheim's real good. I mean, I don't know.
It's just so tough right now to pick, like, out west.
I mean, the east is easier just because you've got Pittsburgh,
you've got Washington.
Washington will be there again.
They're going to give it another go, you know what I mean?
So it's just three in a row, dude, is going to be so hard.
I mean, they're going to be exhausted.
A guy on my team was asking me about the Rangers. He's like, are they going to be so hard. I mean, they're going to be exhausted. A guy on my team was asking me about the Rangers. They think the Rangers
can do it? He's like, are they going to be good?
I'm like, they'll lose in the
first round or they'll lose in the second round.
Yeah, they're the same every year.
I don't think they can't do it anymore.
Exactly. They don't have that long run in them anymore.
I agree. What about our
boy Bugsy in the wild? Yeah, so
have you watched Bugsy play any exhibition games?
Yeah, I watched the one game.
He looked pretty good.
Did he?
Yeah, he was standing in front of the net on the power play,
puck pumped up in the air.
He lowered his stick to like a baseball swing, backhand,
and ripped it off the post.
Oh, he almost buried it.
He was moving a lot better.
Dude, it's those cankles he got rid
of those cankles with his surgery to get rid of his varicose veins yeah you got any funny bugsy
stories didn't something happen his first pro game with you or something uh first pro not i mean
everything with bugsy's funny you know in the minors though didn't he like come out and fall
or i forget the story in In Wilkes-Barre?
No, remember in Wilkes-Barre, we came home from the road trip,
and he's already at the bar, sitting up on the bar,
trying to celebrate our playoff win.
He's like, yeah, I got you boys Jager bombs already.
Let's go.
We're like, oh, we like this guy.
And then I think we won that round, lost the next round or something.
But my favorite Bugsy story has been with you when we were called up.
Yeah, I mean.
He would always get the call before me.
He knew I was called up before I did.
He'd be sending me text messages.
Hey, Merle, you got called up.
We're going out in Philly tonight.
I'm like, holy cow, Bugsy.
I just got called up.
Can I play a game first?
Bugsy, I haven't even heard from my agent or the coach.
You're telling me I called up?
Yeah, I'm well connected with the team.
He's the heat.
And I got a place for us to go tonight, Mer.
I'm like, oh, all right.
Matt, what kind of deal are you on right now in Korea?
Are you on like a year-to-year deal?
Are you signed for the next couple of years?
What's that situation?
Yeah, just a one-year deal.
I'm 37 now, so I probably should have retired five years ago,
but I somehow keep hanging on here.
Hey, keep getting it.
Yeah, I mean, when I first came over, I wanted to go to Russia.
I wanted to make as much money as I could, and it wasn't going to happen in the NHL.
But then as I bounced around and I found how nice Sweden could be and Switzerland was,
I kind of made it a goal to play in as many places as I could.
And I never dreamed I would end up over in this part of the world
where I could make great money and still play competitive hockey.
So you play as long as you can, as long as you feel good, and keep going.
Yeah, so, hey, Merles, can you just kind of give a brief description
to the listeners of the time Terrian left you on the ice
and ended your NHL career?
Yeah, I was playing fourth line, and we were down 3-0 to Philly,
pucking our own end.
They keep it in there 30, 45 seconds.
And finally we get a whistle
and we all start trying to get off the ice.
The coach is standing there.
No, no, no, stay out there.
So I'd played for Terry now for two or three years.
So I understood what that meant.
Like somebody's got to fight and turn this game around.
So I'm looking around.
My center is Shane Endicott.
He's got a half shield on from like a broken nose.
Our fighter was Andre Waugh, but he just got beat up and he had a half shield on with a broken orbital bone so he couldn't fight wit was probably our other d so he wasn't fighting
i don't know some other d and i'm like holy shit it's me i gotta i'm gonna have to do this turn
it around i'm looking around and uh there are a couple european guys i knew one fight and then all of a sudden i see ben eager
and i'm like oh i know eager i've been playing against this guy like he's he's dumb enough he'll
fight me with a three nothing lead man child so i just yeah so i'm like i'm gonna take my licks
here but whatever i'll get a black eye and move on so i give him a two-hander before the puck even drops and we go and he just speed bags me and the worst part about it is i was holding on to
his shoulder and i was like he's speed bagging me i tried to go out and underneath his shoulder so
i get real extended on my one arm i tried to throw a punch and he just throws me down and my shoulder
pops out and uh you know that that wasn't good and uh so i ended up having to get the surgery
done and that was the end of my time in pittsburgh which uh you never want it to end on a fight but
whatever but it didn't end my career with no i battled back you were in phoenix i forgot you
were in phoenix two years later i got uh three games up in phoenix and uh that was really cool
because wayne gretzky was my coach.
So you've played with Lemieux.
You've played for Gretzky and with Crosby.
Yeah, I'm the only player in the world that can say that.
Played with Lemieux, Crosby, and was coached by Wayne Gretzky.
So that's a pretty good thing to look back on when I'm old and gray. Those are pretty good feathers in the cap,
and probably a good note to end on
because I don't know how you can get any better than that, man.
Yeah, and I know you're staying up late in Korea,
but I don't think a lot of people don't realize
how great of a player you were.
And it's amazing you've played this long.
I don't know how you're still playing pro hockey right now,
but thanks so much for coming on, buddy.
We appreciate it.
Yeah, thanks for having me, guys. Thanks for coming on, buddy. We appreciate it. Thanks for coming on.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Thanks for coming on, Matt, and hopefully we'll see you
maybe coaching or even perhaps playing in the U.S. soon.
Yeah, and give me
a call back when you guys really go down
on the breakup of the futures
odds here.
I'll give you all my picks, and you can throw them
right out, because I'm an even bigger
mush than Witt.
We need you to come in when you get home in studio,
just a gambling special.
The mush of the year.
Everything went not to do.
I think we might have a draft Kings expert.
All right,
buddy.
Thanks so much.
All right.
Yeah.
Thanks for having me guys.
Thanks Matt.
Once again,
big thanks to Matt Murley for joining us this week for the interview.
Sounds like he was a little tired over there. He could probably use a little bit of Helix Sleep. There's a ton of mattresses online popping up all over the place. All the
one-size-fits-all solution will better sleep. Well, guess what? One-size-fits-all doesn't work
all the time. Helix Sleep Off is something that doesn't exist anywhere else. A mattress
personalized to your unique preferences and sleeping style that won't set you back thousands of dollars.
Go to helixsleep.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Take their simple two to three minute sleep quiz.
They'll build a custom mattress that will be the best thing you've ever slept on.
For couples, they even personalize each side of the mattress.
Everyone from GQ to Cosmo to
the New York Times are all raving, talking
about Helix, saying once you try out, you'll
know why. Your custom mattress arrives
directly to your door in a week, and
shipping is completely free.
So try it for 100 nights. If you don't
like it, they'll pick it up and refund you in full.
So go to helixsleep.com
slash chicklets
right now, and you'll get 50 toward your custom mattress.
That's 50.
Again, that's helixsleep.com slash chicklets for 50 off your order.
helixsleep.com slash chicklets.
Go get yourself a better night's sleep.
Thanks again to Matt Murley for joining us on short notice all the way from South Korea.
It wasn't like it's 4 in the afternoon or late at night.
He was a little tired, but he's a fan of the show,
so he jumped on board.
He's going to come in in person in the spring.
We'll get some good gambling in person.
I'm not sure if he's a drafting guy.
He is a mush.
Maybe he'll have some individual selections for later.
And as you said, don't listen to him.
Yeah, no, I love gamblers who say that because, you know,
go the other way.
And, of course, every gambler, no matter how bad,
is going to go on a heater at some point, though.
So, anyways, thanks again to Merles for coming on.
It was a very interesting guest,
a guy who's had a very diverse hockey career.
But Grinnelli's got some all-right Hamiltons from the listeners.
All right, so we're going to start off with Uncle Brendo.
Uncle Brendo, this question's been asked a lot since we started.
We've never really had the chance to ask it because we usually have guests.
You can't really fit it in.
But I'm going to play a clip of audio of our good buddy Witt here
essentially starting a line brawl with Sean Avery.
Uh-oh.
They sorted everything out.
Avery starts going one way.
Whitney is there.
And let's see.
Oh, Peckham jumps in there.
And then everybody gets together.
And Stortini and Prust.
They're trying to keep Ryan Whitney went over and said something to Avery.
And clearly you can tell.
Peckham come off the bench.
I think he might have come off the bench.
And so the question is, can you ask Witt what he said to Avery to start the Rangers-Oilers brawl in 2010?
All right, howl.
I don't remember exactly what I said, but I do remember Ladislav Smeed, for hockey fans who remember him,
great guy, tough as shit.
He asked Avery to fight, and Avery made it as shit he asked avery to fight and avery
made it look like he wasn't going to fight him and then dropped his gloves and suckered him quick and
smeed was like not knocked out but definitely on a concussion it was so dirty it was fucking
it just was it was a scumbag move because smeed was kind of ready and all of a sudden like he
goes to skate away and gets suckered and i think i said something to him like you're such a scumbag
like with that sucker punch something to that extent
was swears then all of a sudden
you see in the clip Theo Peckham
who was another he was a tough
player for the Oilers he just
came flying over and there was a couple brawls
Zach Stortini fought Brandon Pruss
so I just basically
ran my mouth off and then just got out of the way
and tied up with somebody so I didn't have to fight
just like Merle said yeah it looked like the situation was almost dying down.
They were getting that, you know, Avery, you know, he was known for all kinds of shit like that on the ice.
They were getting him off the ice and you went over, gave him not too much.
Well, it was just a scumbag move.
I think I told him that.
That was me just being a good teammate.
No, absolutely.
It was the right thing to do.
But it was funny because it kicked up everything again.
So, yeah.
Yeah, we were also down like seven Cobb.
That was when Jason Strudwick was chasing Marion Gabrick on a breakaway.
And he was just, you know, Struddy was trying to catch Gabrick.
He's one of the fastest skaters in the league at that point.
And we're watching the clip like on the way home that we're talking about.
And Strudwick's like, I could have chased him to China and I wouldn't have caught him.
There was no chance I was getting near him.
So Gabrick made it like 7-0.
That was a tough loss.
Had a couple of beatings in Madison Square Garden.
At least you had good warm-ups, though.
That's what it's all about.
No Bucky warm-ups.
All right, Mike Mullen asks,
what's going to happen with Duchesne?
All right, Hamilton.
Interesting question.
I mean, I kind of respect what Joe Sackick's doing
and the fact that it's very clear Duchesne doesn't want to be there.
He didn't really think he was going to be there at this point.
And Joe Sackick basically said,
listen, I'm not just going to trade you because you don't want to be here.
I have to get what I need in return.
And until then, it's on you.
You want to get traded.
The better you play, the more you're going to help out yourself in terms of teams giving up what kind of we're going to expect back in a trade.
You hear that they want a player, you know, a high draft pick, a young prospect and a player who's good now.
So you wonder, you've heard a bunch of different things thrown around.
I've also read through some Avalanche kind of beat writers that Duchesne's looked upbeat and happy.
I think he probably realizes, listen, I got to go be the best possible teammate and player i can be
uh but i i do not think come the trade deadline or post post trade deadline matt dushane will still
be on the avalanche yeah i think he's going to be gone long before then yeah i think he he wants
that the team probably wants to move on but they're not going to sacrifice. Any ideas where he'd go?
That's tough.
I mean, Columbus is just not, they are not getting out of the picture.
I mean, you keep hearing their name in rumors,
and you hear that maybe a guy like Ryan Murray, young defenseman,
could be part of the deal, a high draft pick.
Then they'd need somebody else.
So it's interesting to kind of see who would go back.
But I keep hearing Columbus, so it makes you think.
Since they lost Ryan Johansson in the Seth Jones deal,
which is a great trade for both those teams,
but they do need that elite center iceman.
Right.
Like you just said, he's an elite high-end talent.
He clearly doesn't want to be there.
There was an interview the other day he gave.
He was polite.
He gave kind of curt answers.
Yeah, I saw that. His body language spoke volumes his answers spoke volumes he doesn't want to be
there i mean he's going to be professional he's going to go out and play uh but sack you know i
say he doesn't he's not going to give him away everyone knows he wants to get traded but there's
a point where okay you could get what you can for him you're not going to get probably too much more
because you're gonna have you're gonna poison the locker room i think when you have a guy of his level his skill level not that he's going to poison the locker room, I think. When you have a guy of his level, his skill level, not that he's going to poison the room,
but his teammates know he doesn't want to be there. I think that's just going to cause
divisiveness in the room or it's just going to be a thing in the room
everyone's aware of. And that's not good for a team that's already struggling.
Avalanche are terrible. I mean, I don't know. I love Sakic as a player.
One of my favorites to watch. I don't know if love Sakic as a player One of my favorites to watch
I don't know if he's cut out
To be a GM
Based on what we've seen
From him so far
He doesn't have a good
Track record as a GM
Some of the signings
He was so nasty by the way
He was my favorite player
That guy was his
Fucking snapshot
So he's gotta
He's gotta do something
Because you know
You're not just gonna
Give him away
But I'm sure teams are
Offering pretty good packages
Because you know
They know you're gonna Have to to give something up for them.
To answer Grinnelli's question, I don't have any ideas where.
You know, I think people do look at the obvious fits.
But situations like this, I tend to say expect the unexpected.
Also, though, I almost disagree.
Teams are probably offering packages that aren't great
because they know how bad he wants to leave.
So it's like, listen, I know they're thinking,
Sakic, you're in one here because you don't want him around. No leverage. Well, but Sakic's basically come back and listen,
I'm not trading him. I don't care how miserable he is. But in terms of teams offered stuff right
now, they're probably like, yeah, take this, take this. You know, we know you need to get him out
of there. And so you wonder if those will keep improving the better he plays. And that's why
it's important for him. But, you. But you think that deadline, nothing came.
So you would think the best deals probably did come.
The best offers, I should say, probably came in around the deadline.
I thought they were going to come in the summer.
It's an interesting spot.
It's really weird.
But then, like I said, we're dealing with a GM who's not that experienced.
So I don't know.
Again, if he's in over his head, is he overplaying his hand?
It's very interesting.
The bottom line is I think he gets traded, if not before the season, before Thanksgiving.
I don't think he's going to be a deadline deal.
It kind of sucks when GMs like Sakic don't end up doing well.
And it kind of ruins their legacy almost in Colorado.
It's funny.
In a sense, it ruins what people think about them because that was their most recent activity or what they've done.
But then if all of a sudden it doesn't work
out 10 years later, it's like,
oh, it's Joe Sack.
I think we have a good example of it here with Neely.
He did
win the cup as the president.
He's the grumpiest person in the world.
Right now, I think a lot of people in this
town say stuff about Cam Neely you would
have never fucking imagined 20 years ago.
And it's like, okay, you know, there's no need for personal attacks.
Now, is he in over his head in this job?
I don't know because I think president of a hockey team is  it's such a  many ways to interpret because, you know, as you know, front offices are very collaborative nowadays.
Not one person makes the decision.
So, you know
I think he makes a lot of them.
I think he definitely does.
And the buck does on with him on some issues. But you know he has an owner above him but bottom line is yeah there's a guy whose reputation um not obviously not as a player
but just i don't know as a personality has taken a hit in the last few years so you're gonna you're
gonna start seeing gms who maybe never even played hockey it's just like the same thing with baseball
all of a sudden it's just changing just you know stat guys, and that's how teams will go about it.
And you'll see in the future that I think you're going to see less and less of the all-time greats getting these jobs where they're making hockey decisions.
Yeah, but I think you're always going to see hockey.
You'll have them involved, but in terms of making decisions, it'll change over time.
Yeah, and I think sometimes, and again with Neely, that was probably a case of a figurehead too.
Like, all right, we need a little cachet for the franchise.
What better than to make him president, you know?
He's a ribbon cutter, you know?
Yeah, exactly.
So good question.
All right.
So Kevin Monaghan asks, starting a team, what defenseman,
starting a team today, what defenseman do you take?
Age considered, Dowdy, Ekblad, Carlson, Burns, et cetera.
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, man. Any defenseman? I mean, I think
Eric Carlson right off the bat.
He's still, what, 28?
I want to say he's 27,
28. Can you look that up quick, Grinnelly?
And then, you know, forward, it's McDavid.
You know, across from McDavid, McDavid's
10 years younger. So those
are my two guys. I do think, though,
that a name that you're going to hear more and more,
and I keep hearing about how driven he is to win a Norris trophy
and things like that, is Seth Jones.
I just think of this young, big, can skate, has times when he dominates,
and then he plays with Zach Wierenski.
So Columbus' back end looks incredible.
Yeah, so Eric Costas, 27th.
He's my pick.
And the way he skates and moves, I mean, he's just so fun to watch.
We've verbally blown him on this podcast many times.
Who you got?
McDavid, right, as a forward.
Well, did he fail?
No, no, no.
It's defenseman.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Actually, it's funny.
I should be a GM.
I'm thinking about the whole team.
I was just going to say Seth Jones as well
He's a guy who you know
He came up as a Harold draft pick
Was with Nashville
He was kind of just making his bones there a little
Then they traded him to Columbus for Ryan Johanson
But I'll go with the handsome fellow
On the Nashville D-line right now
That top guy who was just named the captain
Roman Yossi
Roman Yossi man
See I would have went with my good buddy P.K. Subban.
Really?
Okay, so two Nashville guys, and we talked about two Columbus guys.
Yeah, and one.
There's some great young D.
I love Doughty, too.
Doughty doesn't get talked about enough.
We're watching him right now just dominate over in China.
He's the man.
Yeah, there's tons of good D in the league.
I mean, there's tons of good everything right now,
but, yeah, we could have literally named seven other guys, and there's so many other D in the league. I mean, there's tons of good everything right now. But, yeah, we could have literally named seven other guys,
and there's so many other guys in that pipeline.
Like Noah Hannafin is a guy, you know, in a couple years,
he could be a dominant player in the league.
And, you know, we've got a couple like Macafoy,
he's going to be a call to the finalists this year most likely.
So tons of good D, man, tons of good everything.
Lorensky.
Huh?
Lorensky.
Yeah, there's another name that people are mentioning.
What else?
We got four anymore for our ARHs?
Is that it?
All right.
And this week's All Right Hamilton was brought to you by DollarShaveClub.com.
By now, everyone knows that Dollar Shave Club ships amazing raises for just a few bucks.
I've been a member for a while, and I love my shave.
I'm more concerned with the top of my head than my face these days, but it's great.
I get a nice, clean shave, keeping keeping my nice bald pate, so I got
a gleaming sunburn on the top of it. What you might not know, I didn't, is that Dollar Shave
also has products of pretty much everything else I need in the bathroom. Body wash, shampoo,
hair gel, although I might not need the hair gel as much anymore, lip balm, everything. As soon as
I heard Dollar Shave Club had other stuff than razors, I was sold. At the store, there are also
too many options. You can't tell the difference between any of them. Then if you have any questions, the clerk usually
doesn't know the difference or is too busy or they can't really help you or they're not really
experts on the stuff. Dollar Shave Club makes it easy and convenient for you to upgrade your shave
and your bathroom. Now you don't have to step foot in the store to get a high quality shave
and grooming products. We'll deliver them right to your door. Just like their razors, everything is super high quality
and left me looking and feeling dapper and amazing.
From premium ingredients to sophisticated scents,
Dollar Shave Club is changing the game.
If you're like me and sick of the nonsense at the store,
now's the time to try out Dollar Shave Club.
For a limited time, Dollar Shave Club is basically giving away
their Shit Shower Shave Starter Kit to new members.
For only 5, this starter set features their exclusive executive razor
and three trial-sized versions of their most popular products that help you stay fresh and clean.
In your first box, you will receive their Shave Butter, Body Wash, and One Wipe Charlie's Butt Wipes.
You will also receive their executive razor, which includes their premium weighty
handle and a full cassette of cartridges. After the first box, replacement cartridges are sent
for only a few bucks a month. This offer is exclusively available at dollarshaveclub.com
slash chicklets. That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. Chicklets spelled C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Dollar Shave Club's high quality products will have you covered from face cheeks to butt cheeks.
There's no better time to try that club.
Well, we want to thank Merles.
Really appreciate him coming on.
Also, oh, actually, one kid tweeted at me.
It wasn't All Right Hamilton, and he was just saying,
I've heard you mention how much you like Chicago.
I'm going there.
Where should I go out?
I don't remember what his Twitter name was.
I don't really remember the name of any particular bars,
but Wrigleyville.
Dude, go down to Wrigleyville.
Rip it up there.
It's unreal.
Smoke shows friendly.
Cubby beer, Murphy's bleaches, all that stuff.
So just go down to Wrigleyville,
especially if the Cubs are in town.
You'll have a time.
Chicago's a fucking great town.
You'll have a time and a half.
I also had a bachelor party last weekend.
Oh.
Yep.
Not for me. Not for me. My buddies who went down to Newport, we had a time and a half. I also had a bachelor party last weekend. Oh. Yep. Not for me.
Not for me.
My buddies, we went down to Newport.
We had a time.
I got to go to court.
We got a noise violation.
Absolute joke.
I got to go back to court.
Oh, my God.
Can you believe that?
I think I might wear a Dumb and Dumber suit to court.
So I think we can only get fined, but, I mean, it's still a pain in the ass to drive back down there.
But I heard a story.
A couple of my friends, they will go nameless, that I had to share with you guys I never heard this story when
they were younger like 16 17 they were working a construction site where they were building like
playgrounds just like a summer job and they had this foreman or boss whoever it was that was a
prick constantly screaming at him verbally abusing them. Just an asshole. Days after days, they're just getting abused by these guys.
So these two kids, these kids, two of my best buddies,
they went down.
Go get me a fucking coffee, you idiots.
Jesus Christ.
So they go down and they get him this large iced coffee,
and they're like, fuck this guy.
So they took the top off, and they put some cream in
and mixed the drink with their wrench.
They stuck their wrench right in his drink, mixed his drink up,
pulling their pubes out, putting it in their drink.
They brought it back, and they just watched the guy suck it down.
And I had never heard this story.
I was crying laughing.
So shout out to my two friends who are real sickos.
Don't yell at them on the job.
For the people who have not seen the video,
he wasn't talking an actual monkey wrench.
Oh, no, they're hoes.
They're baby maker.
That's fucking hilarious.
That was a funny bachelor party story,
and I got to go to fucking court.
For a fucking noise violation.
That ain't right.
Yeah, that's not fucking good.
Why do bad things happen to good people?
What have you been watching on TV or Netflix?
Have you been catching anything lately?
The Sinner.
It's pretty good with Jessica Biel.
Yeah, my old lady's been watching that.
It's on the DVR.
I haven't checked it out yet.
Oh, and another series I binge watched.
It was just eight quick episodes on the Discovery Channel on demand.
It's called Manhunt Unabomber.
And it's the story of the Unabomber, how they caught him, but it's actors, you know?
So it's like a TV show.
It's the dude who was in Avatar, Sam Worthington or something like that.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Really good, though.
I mean, I didn't know much about the Unabomber,
but I was caught kind of into that.
That was a good little show.
It's like 45-minute episodes, eight of them,
so that's a good one.
Nice.
What the hell was I going to say?
Oh, dude, I'll tell you what I fucking binged, dude.
As a Boston kid of Irish descent,
the last thing we care about is the British monarchy,
but I watched The Crown.
My mom's from England.
I care about that.
The Crown?
You've got a reason.
What channel is that on?
It's on Netflix.
I think my mom watches that show.
Dude, I put it on because I heard it was really good.
I read a lot of the critics I follow said it's excellent.
So I put it on.
It's about Queen Elizabeth, the current queen, Prince Charles' mother.
It's about her when she was in her 20s and became the queen of England.
And we goof on it and make fun of it, but it is very relevant to the workings of England and the United Kingdom.
Pretty good.
It's excellent, dude.
It just goes to show that you can take a subject that, like I said, I wouldn't give two flying fucks about the British monarchy.
And not that I'd do Kim anymore today.
And a person who...
I still don't care, but it was good.
And a person who's alive.
And, like, you know, Queen Elizabeth's this iconic person, but, you know, the most I know about her is the scene in the naked gun, you know, and she passed the hot dog down.
But this shows you how, like, how she came into power, you know, like, all the forces she was going against.
Now, she was, you know, yeah, she was was the queen but she was also a woman in the 1950s
dealing with you know
all these men in power
most notably
Winston Churchill
who was played by
John Lithgow
who's fucking unbelievable
he just won the Emmy
for it the other night
I might check to see
it sounds boring to me
it does
but you know what
what it is
it's the right
if you get excellent writing
excellent acting
and tremendous production values
I mean they spent millions
to make this
it sucks you in try the first episode I will and you might be bored by it you might be like this ain't for me writing, excellent acting, and tremendous production values. I mean, they spent millions to make this.
It sucked you in.
Try the first episode.
I will.
And you might be bored by it.
You might be like, oh, this ain't for me.
But I'm telling you, dude, I watched the first one.
I was like, this is fucking good because it's real.
It's based on reality, like history.
The other one, I've seen the pilot.
I liked it.
I'll check out the next one.
It's The Deuce on HBO about pornography and toots in Times Square.
Toots short for prostitutes back in the 70s.
So that was pretty good, actually.
BJ short for blowjob.
In case anyone didn't know what a toot was.
You had season two of Vice Principals, too.
I don't know if you guys watched that. Never watched that.
Great show.
Never get into it.
I'm a big Danny McBride guy.
That guy's hilarious.
Huge, huge Danny McBride guy.
I was, too.
I am, I guess. But that show wasn't cutting it for me too, too guy. That guy's hilarious. Huge, huge Danny McBride. I was too. I am, I guess.
But yeah, that show wasn't cutting it for me too, too much.
Curb's starting soon.
Yeah, end of October.
Let's go.
Yeah, so that's my favorite show.
But yeah, there's been a few other things.
Oh, HBO, did you watch?
Did you catch La La Land?
Did you watch that?
I hated that movie.
I gave it like 10 minutes.
It was like a musical, right?
That's the thing.
If you're not a...
I mean, not that I watch a lot of musicals.
Mankart!
I do. The Blues Brothers is a musical
guy. Come on. But like that and Grease
are probably the two more well-known ones.
But yeah, it was actually a decent movie.
I mean, the whole going to
Los Angeles to find your dreams.
I thought it was clever. I thought there was a lot of
cleverness to it. And one more. Hidden Figures.
Have you seen that about the black women mathematicians at NASA?
Oh, I heard that's good.
Excellent.
I heard that's good.
And I know it's a Sheridan-produced movie, but it's fantastic because it's a story no one really knew about.
These women, they were essential to getting guys in space.
But what was good about it, what I liked, and I mentioned on other podcasts, was that it didn't have that kind of
sappy Disney feel, like everyone
feel good, like race relations type things.
They kind of have those sappy scenes, like the white
guy and the black guy hug at the end, and everyone feels good.
It never really had that.
No, because then I think it kind of makes it
saccharine. It kind of
puts a closing
point on something that really doesn't have them.
But as far as the story, just from a historical
perspective, it was extremely interesting.
Then the story of
black women in the 50s and 60s had to deal
with even... The lady had to leave
the office and walk a half mile across campus
to take a piss every day.
I think I've seen actually a part...
If that's on TV now, when she flips out
finally, right?
I've seen 10 minutes of that
and I actually,
I want to watch that whole movie.
It's good.
Like I said,
it's a great history lesson
but again,
and like I always say,
if you have writing and acting,
it can take a topic
you might not care about
and carry it so far
because...
I saw It.
Did you see it?
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Yeah, I...
I'm not really a horror guy
but it's pretty good.
The kid actors are unreal in it.
That's what I've been hearing.
That's what I'll probably,
I'll probably catch that shit when it's on fucking cable at some point.
But yeah, man, there's always some good shit out there.
I feel like there's one on the tip of my tongue I can't remember, but whatever.
So all right, guys.
Actually, we just gave a lot, too.
Yeah, we did.
I think we gave some good tips out there.
It's just us just being professionals, just doing our job.
Guys being dudes.
Not just hockey.
Guys being dudes is right.
Just talking binge watching because I don't do anything else
Oh yeah
I just thought
Insecure
It just finished on
Insecure
Insecure
About the black chicks
Dating in Los Angeles
Again another
You know
It's one of those post
Call while this is like
They've been out of college
For a while
Young dating scene
Like they got
You know
Master of none Aziz Ansari
Did his show
It's along those lines
But it's
It's been pretty good shit
Definitely
Definitely give that
And one more
You are the worstst is back. Season
four. You just don't watch it. You told me you didn't
watch it. Funniest fucking show on TV.
I'm telling you, it's hilarious. You're the worst.
You're the worst, dude. No, you are.
I don't know.
Fucking touche right back at you.
That wraps up the episode. Again, big thanks to
Matt Murley. And prayers up to Brian Boyle.
Brian Boyle, fight that shit. You got it,
brother. And we'll see you soon.
That's great.
It starts with an earthquake.
Birds and snakes and airplane.
Lenny Bruce is not afraid.
I have a hurricane.
Listen to yourself.
Churn world.
Shows its own needs.
Dummies serve your own needs.
Beat it up and knock speed.
Grunt no strength.
The ladder starts to clatter with fear.
Fight down high.
Wire in a fire.
Representing seven games in a government for hire in a combat site
Left to us, they're coming in a hurry with the fury's beating down your neck
Team, my team, reporters baffle Trump, Cheddar Croft, look at that, no plane, fine, then
Uh-oh, overflow, population, comment, but it'll do, save yourself, serve yourself
The world serves its own needs, listen to your heartbeat, dummy with the rapture and the reverend in the right, right Here at Podcast One, we love hearing from you.
We read every tweet and comment you send our way.
So don't miss your chance to take our summer listener survey.
Just go to podcastone.com and click on the survey banner.
Or go to podcastone.com slash my survey.
It only takes a few minutes and it gives you the opportunity to make a direct impact on your favorite shows.
Tell us how you really feel so we can get to know you better.
We value your thoughts and participation.
So check out the survey at podcastone.com slash my survey or click on the survey banner on podcastone.com.
