Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 452 of Spit and Check, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Welcome to our best of this past season. We got some great clips, some great interview segments coming up. Funny stuff happened all year, so we're going to share a little bit now while we're on
break. So, gee, let's get cracking. First up,
people were mortified when they
heard this one from Biz. Guy goes to
the bathroom, does not wash his hands, but
let's send it over to Biz. He tells it better than I do.
There's a lot going on in the league right now. I'm excited.
I don't even really want to talk about my personal
life much, although I do have a pretty
insane story, and I'm a little nervous to share
it. I teamed it up with Pasha
first. You guys will love this one. You guys might think I'm a complete fucking lunatic for the way I handle
this. That's old news. Okay. Well, to judge my social skills on this one. So I go to do my
gateway loop hike as I normally do. I go hiking as a de-stressor. I go to work on my breathing, calm myself down. And just like an
overall workout, I do certain paces. Sometimes I run at the start, but it's ultimately to get my
mind right. So it's been a pretty crazy couple of weeks, a lot of travel, a lot of doing this,
a lot of doing that. So I get to the hike and I got to take a leak. I got my water bottle
and it's called the gateway loop. I think I might've already mentioned that.
It's about five miles.
Um, it was Saturday, so a little bit busy.
Um, so when I leave the car, like automatically I'm in my head going through my workout and
how I want to approach it, whether I want to run the first little bit, uh, this nasal
breathing I've been starting to do.
I have a horrible nose, eventually going to get the Ryan Kessler, uh, surgery that he
got to help
his sleeping. But the nasal breathing definitely helps me as far as like getting my cardiovascular
up and it helps me sleep at night. So going to take my piss before the hike, I get in there,
there's a guy on the right urinal, there's three urinals. So I whip out my horn, start the hose.
This guy lets like the biggest fart go. I'm so in my head
that I'm just thinking about my workout still dialed in. Another guy walks in on the left.
The guy on the right is still there pissing. I don't know if he had stage fright, whatever it
may be. Keep in mind, he's the one who ripped ass. So still in my own head, I finished my piss
and I start, grab my water bottle off the the
like where the sink was and start walking out i forgot to wash my hands this guy who ripped that
fart goes dude wash your fucking hands so just as i put him in bro fuck just as it just as it
clicked in i'm like oh fuck and i start washing my hands and he walks up. But when
I turned back around the corner, I looked over to be like, like, first of all, who the fuck would
have like said something like that? And he's like, he gives me the, like the look around and like
starts shaking his head while he's still to piss. Then he walks up, I'm washing my hands and I look
at him and I say, are you out of your fucking mind? And he's like, what? That's disgusting.
Wash your hands. I said, are you out of your fucking mind? And then like what that's disgusting wash your hands i said are you out of your fucking mind and then he's like what you turn around and wash your hands i'm like buddy i'm about
to go on a five mile hike in the desert snotting all over myself and you're fucking worried about
me washing my hands i ain't going out there to dab guys up i'm going out there to snot on myself
and get my fucking workout in and then so he kind of kept holding his position
on it bro i i'm washing my hands flicking water in his face saying i i say hoping he does something
how did you not bring up the fart he just dropped in your mouth bro i was i was on my heel so much
and i i i i wanted to knock this guy's teeth out because i just would mind your own that's not
what you need pre-workout right that's funny i i was thinking about it for half the hike so i'm
already rattled i get i get out there the guy who came in to the left was a biker guy so he does the
path with the bike and and he was waiting outside the door he didn't wash his hands either he just
got the fuck out of the bathroom because we were both at the sinks going at it.
And finally I walked out.
He's like,
Oh,
he goes,
I thought somebody was going to come out sideways.
And the way these places are built by these hikes,
like you could hear everything.
And there's like families around,
like looking at us when we walk out of the bathroom,
I'm ready to kill this guy.
And the,
the,
the biker guy had my back where he was like,
what the fuck is wrong with that guy?
And of course,
just a
an absolute karen type character he has his family with him so i i cooler heads prevail i thought i
said my piece by basically challenging him i said on the way out of the bathroom i'm like you're
trying to shame me he's like for not washing my hands he's like i wasn't trying to shame you i'm
like bro i turn around the corner and you're scoffing at me shaking your head because i didn't wash my hands before a five mile hike where i'm about to grind my cock off
like fuck you you piece of shit so sure sure enough i figured hey i might might see him as
i come around because it's a loop i i pat myself on the back for this one his kid says hey mister
as as i'm walking by him i didn't say a word buddy the the old man says don't talk
to him and i i wanted to teach him a lesson and pull his jersey overhead and just feed him some
uppercuts because i feel like people get way too comfortable trying to tell strangers what to do in
public so i thought what was his height and weight biz he was he was about five years because there's
ufc killers who are little it doesn't really really matter, I guess. If you're a lunatic, you can beat up anyone.
But what did he look like?
5'10", chunkster, love handles, like going out of style.
That's a dummy for you.
The old muffin top all around him.
I probably could have done three full loops of this thing until he did one
because I basically met him at the start along the other side.
thing until he did one because i basically met him at the start along along the other side so i just sometimes like i just feel like people just need to shut the fuck up and stay at other
people's business what the fuck is he here for washing hands like oh does it make any sense
i'm i'm actually shocked that i didn't knock this guy's teeth out so i'm glad i'm here i'm glad i
didn't and for those of you who would have knocked his teeth out maybe maybe try a little bit more hiking, a little bit more nasal breathing.
Biz, when you say bikers, you mean like Hells Angels or like Greg LeMond?
No, they put their mountain bikes on and they go around because it's a big rock path and you can go deeper into the desert. But cooler heads prevailed.
Oh, that's good.
Take a couple deep breaths, flick some water in the guy's face.
And I think that I got my point across.
If I'm taking a smash, I'm washing my hands every time.
If I'm taking a piss, rarely, if ever, come at me if you want.
I don't give a fuck.
If it's a gross bathroom and it's one of those ones you actually have to flush on your own, I'm washing.
But if I'm just touching my horn, unless there's piss all over my hand which i'm an adult so i probably like
shouldn't be peeing on myself i'm walking right out of that bathroom and and and if somebody said
something to me like that like i'd be the guy to go at him and then get beat up like he's a lefty
and pumps my eyes shut don't be telling me to wash my hands seriously i must have said are you out of your fucking mind
40 times and at the point where by the end of it because he kept trying to push his point
i was yelling oh yeah i was in his face saying are you out of your fucking mind gee can you not
picture this how he gets you know how he gets angrier and angrier i could totally see this
entire scenario yeah he just he gets those killer eyes
where he's just like looking through.
The wires cross. As Tony Soprano
calls them, Manson lamps.
Like fucking Charles Manson. Okay, I like that.
There you go. Manson lamps. Anyway,
that's all I had really going on this weekend.
Had a Kylo Ren game as well.
Yeah, just a nice
relaxing hike. Murdered a family.
I mean, I don't know what more we could add.
Just a hilarious story.
Biz almost beating the crap out of a guy because he didn't wash his hands.
I mean, I guess the lesson is, mind your business, man.
Don't talk to people in the bathroom if you don't know them.
Especially giant tattooed former hockey enforcers.
Probably not the right guys to talk trash to in a random hiking spot bathroom.
Even more so, G. I mean, just hilarious. Like,
what do you care? The guy's not touching you near you, but either way, that's our boy Biz.
Well, next up for the roasting is me. I shared a few prom stories. I guess I went to a few proms
back in the day, and I couldn't believe the response to it. I thought the response was
hilarious. A few? Nine. Nine. And then I went 0 for 9 you know the old prom story
the old prom myth yeah your boy
R.A. went 0 for 9 although realistically it was probably more like
0 for 3 because 6 of them I knew
not that was on the table that night anyways but
without further ado here are the
R.A. prom tales let's go
I once I think like 9 different
proms I was like
what a wheel you are R.A.
I'm not saying I got fucking smashed all of them.
R.A., R.A., did you get asked by an older girl
at a different school to go to her prom?
To go chaperone it?
No, I actually, I got a funny story with that.
Well, you went to nine.
I mean, there's got to be a bunch
of different fucking scenarios here.
Well, what would happen, back in the day,
we'd all go on spring break,
there'd be kids from Charlestown,
South East Dorchester,
and you'd meet different girls or whatever, and you could all come back home, and you'd have, you know, go on spring break. There'd be kids from Charlestown, Southeast Dorchester. And you'd meet different girls or whatever.
And you'd all come back home.
And it wasn't even a date.
You just were like a good prom date.
Not even hooking up.
He's a good guy.
He's a good time.
Friend zone.
Already went on nine friend zone proms.
No, it wasn't friend zone.
It was just like you'd go just to have a good time.
How many of the nine did you whack?
Honestly, none that night.
None.
None that night.
That is a fucking insane stat.
They weren't whackable.
I went 0 for 9.
They weren't whackable like nights.
It was one post-prom.
Yeah, it was a whackable summer,
but no, they weren't like whackable.
I wasn't going to hopefully get laid.
It was like girls I hardly even knew.
It was like a friend of a friend
she needs a date type shit.
I'm not trying to sound like a chauvinistic pig.
I'm not saying you'd be whacking every single one, but.
No, but that's the pick you might mix one in there.
It wasn't that night.
Like I said, the rest of the summer.
No, that's a theme.
Everyone thinks prom night, you give it up and all that.
But it actually kind of a funny story.
This is the last one.
I was probably a little bit too old to be going to the prom.
It was the 94th Stanley Cup.
How old are you?
How old were you last prom?
27.
22.
22?
Yeah.
That's brutal.
It was a collision.
When I worked at Levinson.
That's illegal, isn't it?
R.A. DiCaprio.
No.
I was working at my uncle's video store back then, and it was one of the girls I work with, her friend. R.A. DiCaprio. I wish.
When I was working on my uncle's video store back then,
and it was one of the girls I worked with, her friend.
I wasn't attracted to her. How was Epstein Island, R.A.?
Oh, come on.
You guys would go creepy on me.
So my uncle's like, hey, why don't you go to the prom with so-and-so?
I was like, eh, I'm not really.
I'll give you extra work hours.
Because I claimed I was broke.
He's like, I'll give you extra work hours so you can go can go and i was like all right yeah i'll be the nice guy
i'll go so you know i i was just going to be a gentleman and so we walk into the prom and what
you know who bob norton is right he used to work do the beat part he's a local hockey guy i don't
he hasn't done it for a while he did that's in he would do the beam part now i walk in he's actually
the principal of the school of the problem going going, and the Rangers were playing the Canucks
in the Stanley Cup that night.
It was one of the first few games.
So we walk in, and I see Bob Norton from Nessun,
and all the kids are on it.
I was like, hey, Bob, you got a score in the Rangers game?
And all the kids were mortified because I called the principal
his first name.
I didn't even know he was the principal.
Oh, he was the principal.
He was the principal of this particular high school,
and I walked in and asked him.
Again, I wasn't being disrespectful.
He didn't flinch.
He didn't give a shit.
He's like, no, I haven't heard anything yet.
So yeah, I was 22.
He's like, hey, Brian, stand over there.
I got somebody you want to meet.
And then all of a sudden, two police officers are walking over to arrest your ass.
Here's one.
Hey, I went to prom one time.
And I think I was a junior, a sophomore.
Why don't you have a seat here, Brian?
And we were in the pool after. There was a bunch of people. I was talking junior, a sophomore. Why don't you have a seat here, Brian? And we were, yeah, why don't you have a seat?
And we were in the pool after. There was like a bunch
of people. I was talking to a girl and like
I was a buddy around me too.
Dude, I just got rock hard talking to her
and then everyone saw that my boner was just
sticking out of my shorts just from talking
to her and I was made fun of and embarrassed
so bad. I think I ended up going home.
That's what it's like when you're young though.
Even just talking to a girl girl you're just like you got
Those young legs rock hard just full of testosterone
I would have been embarrassed
My buddies chirping I said fuck you
I think it was a little embarrassing the girls looking down
And we're talking about science class and I have a
Raging heart on in a pool
Yeah
I think
Biology can do that man
Yeah especially at that age
It's not my fault
Me and my buddy Jamie Tardif
We wore the dumb and dumber suits to our prom
Of course
Were you orange or blue
I was blue and
Jamie was orange so we did that
That was one of the first times I ever got drunk
Maybe the first time I ever got drunk
Was prom off wine
Me too I think.
Me too. No.
Just red wine. Wow. My teeth
were purple by the end of the night. I was just an
absolute mess. Yeah.
I don't think any kid, Ari
I know you're older than me but like it was just
Bud Light. If you grew up in
Boston you just drank Bud Light.
It's all I ever remember at
any party just Bud Lights.
Keystone Light.
I drank a lot of Keystone Light as I was coming up.
What did you do for prom, Grinnell?
Let me hear the stupid shit you did for prom.
Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't ask.
I went to a few proms like RA as well.
My kill count was a little better, but I actually fucked up really bad.
I got suspended from the lacrosse team my senior year
because you wouldn't like you know they they taught you a girl asked you to prom in like
November so I got asked to prom in like November come to she didn't go to our school so come to
find out months later that was the same day as a lacrosse game so I wanted to skip the prom but my
parents wouldn't let me they're kind of like you said yes
to this girl she bought her dress you can't bail so i had to uh miss the lacrosse game which was
you skipped a game your senior year to a sport you were going to play in college
dude i didn't want to do it the problem was it was like i know it was one of those things where
it's like i had to do it like i couldn't leave this girl out to dry. I had to be a good person because I couldn't bail on her.
Then she goes alone.
It sucked.
I wanted to play in the game more than anything.
You're the opposite of GM Joe.
Is it GM Joe?
Yeah.
Yeah, you're not for the boys.
You're for the puss.
So basically, your last memories of lacrosse were skipping a game senior
year and then and then not quitting the team like a couple months later in college i always said i
was a hockey player that played the i was a lacrosse player who well i was a hockey player
who played lacrosse at the end of the day okay you know what i mean like i was never really a
lacrosse player but yeah that was a tough one I was hoping you guys wouldn't ask. That's not as tough as R.A. going 0 for 9 at prom.
I tell you, I don't think that's going to be trumped.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't care.
Like I said, I had a reputation as a good, reliable date.
Wasn't going to be a donkey.
Have a good time.
I didn't mind.
I liked to dance.
I had a good time.
I actually just sent you guys a picture from my senior prom. You could see how thin and sharp i was looking back at the same girl from
prom biz meets her dad and then the dad's like dude you beat me up when i was in middle school
when you were in high school oh my god definitely looking at god i'm looking at ra's prom photo you
look great here ra and you match her. Yeah. That's actually
one of my oldest good friends.
That was totally platonic friend,
just an old pal. We've known each other since we were four or five
years old. I took her to my senior prom.
She took me to hers.
It was just pals just going to the prom.
I mean, she must look back on that
dress and just be like, what the hell
was I? Maybe that was the time.
Well, it was, was yeah 1990 bait well
basically late 80s a little that's fuchsia that's the color i had to get so you you were you went
to a prom in the late 80s and then you went to a prom during the 94 cup finals i i graduated 90 so
what my junior prom 89 senior prom 90 and then yeah i i don't know if i went to one every year
to 94 but 94 was my last prom during the Stanley Cup final.
It has to be some sort of world record going to prom nine times.
I don't know much more to add there.
Some people think I'm a perv.
Some people think it's hilarious, but I had fun.
I didn't bother anybody.
Another couple of proms down.
Who knows?
Maybe I'll do one more before the day's out.
The legend of RA grows.
The legend continues to grow, baby.
Legend, yeah.
I don't know how we're using that word.
All right, next up, the Wit Dog.
I mean, I always get, you know,
a dummy for my stories of forgetting stuff
and doing stupid stuff in the road,
but the Wit Dog has one every once in a while as well,
like the time he forgot his phone in an Uber.
Take it away, Wit.
Guys, Wit here,
and you know it's time to talk some Pink Whitney.
He's spitting Chickleton, Pink Whitney.
The birdie juice, the sailing juice, the fishing juice.
You can use it in any single aspect of your life besides driving.
The best drink of the summer, of the fall, of the winter, of the spring.
It don't matter the season.
Listen, I got a lot of people in my DM saying,
Whit, you're talking about Pink Whitney.
You're talking about Pink Whitney all over the golf course, all over the beach.
How about us lake people?
I'm not ever going to forget the lake people again, the pontoon people.
We got apparently F1 racers drinking our stuff, G.
I know I'm not ready to say names, but apparently we got some F1 guys into the Pink Whitney.
So we got fast cars.
We got slow golfers.
We got crazy ass people on a lake.
And we got lunatics out on the beach with a shark swim because the sharks know what's up too.
That's Pink Whitney, baby.
It don't matter the event.
It don't matter the people you're with.
You can be alone.
You could be in a group.
You could be at a party.
Maybe talk to a girl they were too nervous to talk to because of that pink drink, give them a little confidence.
You could be at a graduation.
Pink Whitney's where it's at.
All sizes, one flavor, one name, Pink Whitney.
Thank you very much.
We got to talk about Whit losing the phone Friday night.
Okay.
We got to get into it.
Well, Uber is just full of complete dirtbags.
And there's some wonderful people that drive Ubers.
I've met some amazing people,
but some of them are just downright dirty scoundrels. And when you, so, so let me say this. Um, there is no worse setup to
get into arena than the Florida Panthers. I mean, I'm talking foolish, ridiculous stuff to try to
just get there. There's about 15 different Hills you can walk up to. No, they drop us off about a
mile from the entrance and you're
gonna walk in front of the building we could sit and hop in the fence we couldn't so it's about a
mile walk from where we got dropped off i get up to the front where uh you know you got to put your
things through the metal detector i don't have my phone i said oh my god i need this phone i'm
traveling home tomorrow well granelli ordered the uber gee, you can't go in either because you have the Uber app.
Well, Uber got rid of the ability to call the driver.
I don't know if they had people like get into beefs or whatnot.
I guess I kind of understand it.
So you got to go through the Uber like robot.
I don't even.
It was like a robot.
It's a robot.
And so like they're asking us the same questions on a chat.
I'm just like, please give us the guy's number.
Please give us the guy's number. Please give us the guy's number.
About an hour and a half goes by.
We've now walked back to, like, that shitbag mall they have across the street from the terrible Panthers Arena.
And we found, like, what were we at?
I don't know.
We were sitting at a yard house.
A yard house.
Okay.
Now, I'm watching the skills competition.
What a skills competition.
They shouldn't change a thing.
What a skills competition.
They shouldn't change a thing.
So, G and I are now in contact with this guy because the Uber robot finally was like, can we share your number with the guy?
Well, we remembered on the ride into the arena, he didn't speak a word of English.
So, I said, oh, fuck, dude.
Even if this guy calls, he can't speak English.
Well, what does Witty do?
I used my brain immediately.
And I said to the woman next to me, do you speak Spanish?
No.
No, you start running around the room in there, and you're like,
who speaks Spanish?
Who speaks Spanish?
And finally, some lady came over and was like, what's going on, sir?
I speak Spanish.
I can help.
I guess I didn't word that properly.
Lickerdale.
This woman was an angel sent from heaven to help me.
No, I'm not kidding you.
One of the nicest, most kind-hearted people.
She's working a double at the yard house.
All she's thinking about is helping me.
She's like, I'll help you, sir.
I'll help you.
So she's back and forth on the phone with this guy.
And all of a sudden, oh, I'm back in Miami already.
I'm back in Miami.
She's telling me what he's saying. I'm like, how I'm back in Miami already. I'm back in Miami. She's telling me what he's saying.
I'm like, how is he back in Miami already?
It's like an hour and a half from here and whatever.
So he's like, oh, well, I need money to come back.
Which like, I don't know.
Wait, meanwhile, we're getting screenshots sent to us from Merle,
from all people who are texting me saying,
if your friend wants his phone back,
it's going to be 1,000 in Spanish,
not even in English.
Yes.
So now I don't know.
Technically, that's straight up extortion, brother.
That's not allowed.
Now, if he were to say like,
yeah, I want some money to come back.
I don't know if that's illegal.
Does he technically have to come back with my phone
because I left it there?
I don't know.
He could just be like, oh, it's not in the car. I don't know. come back with my phone because i left it there i don't know he could just be like oh it's not in the car i don't know like and he shut the phone he shut my
phone off so we couldn't track it but by a find my iphone so he he finally agrees to come back for
200 now i'm going to the girl the whole time so i gave so finally he gets back now this is 10 o'clock
the skills have ended me and graninnelli had a great conversation just
that's when you were giving me tequila shots and stuff i was so mad so he comes back he comes back
finally she walked me outside i gave her a hundred dollars she wouldn't even take it she was so nice
i i shoved it in her waitress thing and i said listen thank you so much for the biggest help i
appreciate it's no problem she said don't give this guy 200 she goes you shouldn't even give
him anything i was like oh whatever I'll give him 100 then.
So I go over.
The guy who drove us is sitting in the passenger seat like this, smiling with my phone.
There's another guy driving.
And they're both like laughing.
I go, can I have my phone?
He goes, 200.
I give him 100.
The guy driving speaks English.
He goes, no, man, you said 200.
I go, give me my fucking phone back.
Like a tough guy, like I would do something.
He goes, no, 200.
So I go, fine.
I got a 50.
Gave him 50 more.
And he still said, no, 200.
And then the guy with my phone goes, no, no, no, no, no.
No mas, no mas.
And handed it to me.
So I finally got it back.
But just the whole thing, I didn't get to go into the skills.
I missed a barn burner too.
What a skills event.
But it was just about the whole racket
in terms of Uber being able to-
All that for 150?
Oh my goodness.
It sounded like you were describing
the movie Man on Fire with the drop off.
I thought he was going to pull up
with Ryder in the back seat with a-
I will give you his wrist taped up.
I will give you her life for your life.
Her life.
You're like ready to sacrifice Grinnell to get your fucking iPhone back.
I chucked him in the back.
I'm like, you can sell him for big money.
Which, hey, the cherry on top of it all, you didn't even talk about the fact that the night before,
you had dropped a water bottle on your brand new MacBook.
And then now that's kaputs.
Yeah, I dropped the water on my.
So Fort Lauderdale put your ball bag in an absolute vice.
My computer was broken.
My house is falling apart.
I had no phone and my wife hates me.
Have a week.
Jesus.
Fucking Tim Jackman Pato over here. Florida playing the. Jesus. Fucking Tim Jackman part two over here.
Florida playing the role.
He got Tim Jackman.
Exactly.
But without that wonderful waitress,
Adriana,
I mean,
I can't thank her enough.
Just a great person
looking to help out others
and then not even wanting
to accept the money I was offering her.
Thank you.
Without her,
I do not have my phone back.
Maybe people don't care about this story.
It was kind of a had to be there,
but in the end,
like it's a night I'll never forget.
Once again, the wit dog with another hell of a story from the road,
losing his phone at Uber.
Only wit can do that.
All right, if you could see him running around that restaurant
asking for someone to translate for him for Spanish,
it was top five funniest moments of my life.
I mean, I get frazzled often.
It's funny.
But when wit gets frazzled, that's a different level of frazzle.
So hilarious stuff from the wit dog. Next up interview we flew down to atlanta just for this
guy charles bockley amazing interview hell of a guy great chat i talked about hockey biz the dream
team we talked to him for an hour and i think a half we probably could have done three hours
hopefully we'll get him again i think you gave him a few pointers on jump shots too right all right
uh yeah i might not have done that. Maybe rebounded a little bit.
But it was a thrill, especially for an 80s hoops guy like myself.
I watched his whole career.
I know everybody kind of knows him through TV more or less these days.
But to be in the same room with Charles Barkley,
a guy who I watched at the Boston Garden across the street 30 years ago,
it was quite a treat.
So let's send it over to Chuck right now.
In a stellar 16-year career, this forwards list of accomplishments is something else.
All-rookie team, 11-time All-Star, 11-time All-NBA, All-Star Game MVP, League MVP, 75th
anniversary team, and of course, the Basketball Hall of Fame.
It's a huge pleasure and a great honor to welcome my dad's favorite non-Celtic to the
Spit and Chicklets podcast, Charles Barkley.
How the hell are you, brother?
Man, I'm doing good.
I'm really honored to be on the podcast.
You know, me and Biz have been together a long time,
and he's so much fun on our broadcast.
And you know what's crazy about this whole thing?
We bought hockey in the last year. I'm surprised they could afford it with your contract
now no no no no that you know my contract came later my contract came later uh so no yeah
and it was so funny uh when they called they said hey we need a favor i'm like what you need they're
like we need you to talk wayne greskin to doing television i'm like does wayne greskin want to do television they're like no you
got to talk him into it we just we just spent like 500 million dollars i was like okay and i was like
wayne can i come over and talk to you yeah sure and obviously when you go to wayne house we're
gonna do some drinking because wayne you need think, what do you think about television?
He's like,
I haven't thought about television.
I said,
well,
I need you to do me a favor,
go meet with TNT.
And,
and then talk calls me.
And he says,
what about me?
I says,
okay.
And then biz comes in and man,
it's,
it's been a lot of fun watching these guys.
Cause I'm a big,
I'm a watch anyway.
And then I was so excited.
Because actually what's really funny, I tried to get us to buy hockey
like probably 10 years ago.
And our boss was like, nobody's watching hockey.
I said, you don't understand.
I said, they don't watch hockey during the regular season,
but everybody watches Stanley Cup playoffs.
And then they went to some shit network like the Outdoor if i remember correctly we were oln at one point yes
i was like yo man i'm rich and got cable and i can't find oln i was like who the hell what the
hell is yeah and so i was so glad when you know you finally they start getting all these great
televisions you can fucking just push a button and say, hey, O-L-N.
I like it.
So it was fun.
You got like pole hunting.
Yes, yes.
I'm trying to watch Power Play here.
But it was so fun.
So I'm actually really excited that we got hockey, man.
It's been awesome.
That was one of my questions because, I mean, this year you even said coming back from halftime to your show, you said, this game's boring.
I'm watching the hockey game.
But when did you get into it?
Was it when you got drafted by the 76ers and the Flyers?
What was your beginning to hockey and enjoying it?
It was crazy.
It was the Flyers.
When I went there with those guys, and I tell you,
one of the worst days of our lives when Petty Lindbergh got killed
in that car accident, and it was brutal.
And I tell you, my twoiladelphia athletes of all time i
got on my wall ron hextall and brian dawkins i got signed jerseys by both of those guys
so the hextall years that was it you know the lindros years yep uh and that's when i first
met rick tocket uh so i've been with Tockett since the 80s.
He had the flow going then, though.
Oh, yeah.
But you know what's so funny?
He's always been just a great dude.
Yeah.
So you kind of lose contact when you get traded.
Then next time I see him, it's during the Stanley Cup Finals.
He's actually coaching in Pittsburgh.
And then next thing I know, he's coaching in Arizona.
And I'm glad of his success because he's a really good dude.
And then I got to know Wayne through the years and Chelios.
You know, I know Brett Hull a little bit, but Chelios and Wayne and Toc, man,
I see and talk to those guys quite a bit. The Dream Team, was it 92 in Barcelona?
Yeah.
Bird was on there?
Yes.
So you got to play with all these
legends that must have been the one of the coolest things about your entire career right i'll say
this it was the most intense thing that i've ever been through in my life just because of the amount
of pressure to win no not the pressure to win just playing against these guys every single day in
practice the egos the fun egos because we got along great but at that time you had me and carm along with
the two best power forwards we had to practice against each other every day you had michael and
clive drexler who hated each other because they had just beaten them in the finals and clive thought
he was as good as michael and michael hated him uh ashley and you had Magic, who had just gotten locked down by Scottie Pippen in the finals.
So he was pissed.
And you had David
Robinson and Patrick Younghold, the two best
centers in the NBA,
and playing against
the guy considered your rival
every day.
And people have said,
many people have said,
they've never seen anything as intense and fun and thrilling
as watching the Dream Team actually practice.
It was crazy and exciting.
The crazy thing about it, we all got along so well,
but when we went on the court, man, it's probably the most intense thing.
You know, playing against a guy like Carl, like every day, like, okay,
they said a lot.
Most people think I'm the best power forward.
And some people think you are.
Now we get to prove it on the court every day.
And like I say, Scott against magic,
Clyde against Michael and then David against Patrick.
Did that spark it?
Was it,
was it more of the Michael thing that sparked it
and the whole group got invested in it?
Or was it literally man-to-man where every guy was looking across the room
like, I'm going to war with this guy.
It was more man-to-man.
And these were closed practices, right?
So it's just nobody  it's not video.
It's just your pride.
Any fistfights?
No fistfights.
No?
The thing that was crazy, I couldn't believe how well we all got along.
I mean, it was crazy was crazy, I couldn't believe how long, well, we all got along. I mean,
it was crazy how well we got along.
I mean,
you know,
we made up t-shirts,
because Larry Bird and Patrick Young became Harry and Larry.
I mean,
we made up t-shirts.
And you know,
me,
Magic Michael,
and Scotty,
we gambled every night from probably eight o'clock in the morning to four o'clock.
Every single day.
My blackjack?
No, Tunk.
I don't even know what that is.
White folks call it gin and rum.
Gin.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
But, man, it would be 30,000, 40,000, 50,000
to change your hands every night.
It was crazy.
Oh, my God.
It was crazy.
And then we would finish up about four in the morning so we
can go get like two hour nap it was i mean it was so much fun how would you guys compete at such a
high level but yet be such degenerates off the court like that's like that's not treating it
very professionally like guys nowadays don't do that they don't even drink well you guys are
boozing gambling all hours in the night? How was your stress level going into practice? The basketball was the fun part of it.
I mean, because I'll tell you what was crazy.
There's this infamous practice, and Grant Hill's full of shit,
and those guys.
So we played against a group.
The first day we played against a bunch of college all-stars,
and I think it's probably eight of those guys
who went on to go to the Hall of Fame.
But we're all, probably all 30,
if I remember correctly then.
We played this group of all-stars.
Bobby Hurley was there.
And we could not guard as the last in the beginning.
Magic wasn't a great defender.
He couldn't keep him in front of him.
So we started scrimmaging.
And before we know it, we're down like 20. Chuck calls
a timeout.
And we're just
actually just screwing around. They're all like
17 years old, 18 years old.
And we're just joking around.
They're playing like it's game seven.
And before we know it,
we're down
like 20 points. And we're still screwing
around. And Chuck says, Chuck calls
timeout and says, you guys
know if y'all fucking lose this gold medal
it's going to be the biggest upset
in sports history. Like what?
You guys out here jacking around.
These college kids kicking your
ass. The other team, the foreign team is much better
than these guys. And you know
if you guys come in here jacking around
it's going to be hell to pay for representing your country. We're like, okay guys. And you know, if you guys come in here jacking around, it's going to be hell to pay
for representing your country.
And we're like,
okay guys,
let's turn it up a notch
and kick these dudes.
So we scored like
18 straight points
to get it to
and Chuck calls
and said,
game over.
We're like,
what?
No, no, no, no.
He's like,
I said game over.
And his point was,
guys,
you don't understand
you're representing your country
you got the greatest team
ever assembled
but if y'all fucking lose
it's gonna be
an international deal
and from that point on
we started taking things
really really serious
so no drinking and gambling
the rest of the trip
no no no we go
come on man
you crazy bitch hey you know I was reading the other day and gambling the rest of the trip. No, no, no. We can go. God, no. Come on, man.
You crazy, bitch?
Hey, you know, I was reading the other day that drinking is really, really bad for you.
Yeah.
So I quit.
I quit reading.
I quit reading.
You're out of your mind.
No, no, no. The guy told me a couple good ones the other day he says uh
he said he was talking to his wife and he says baby i was looking in the mirror and
i got a gut i got wrinkles my titties are hanging down what do you think he He says, well, your eyes work.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
You know,
hanging with your crazy friends are the best thing about playing sports.
There's nothing like it.
But once we said,
okay,
let's get this thing done.
And it was so crazy because we didn't realize how big we were going to be. When you got older,
like as far as the media service?
No, well, the fans.
So we started out at Torrey Pines.
We went to Monte Carlo for a week to practice.
I forget what other country we went to,
but they just wanted to make it fun for us.
So we get to Barcelona.
And at our hotel, you couldn't get close to our hotel.
The security was so tight. Man, it was 5,000 people out there watching us get on and off the bus every day it was crazy
like the Beatles yes like they were probably 50 yards away and they could only see you for like
five to ten seconds walking.
And every time, obviously Magic, Michael, and Bird were the three biggest stars,
but it was 3,000 to 5,000 people out there every single day just watching when we go to practice in the morning or we go to the game.
And then driving to the game, they had a police car in front,
they had a police car in back.
On the side of the bus, each side, they had two guys on motorcycles, one guy driving a
motorcycle and one guy with a machine gun, and they had a helicopter above the bus.
And then along the highway, there were at least 500, couple hundred people to up to 500 every time we went to
the game because it was different going to practice.
People just holding up signs, standing on the side of the highway.
We're like, whoa, this is a big deal.
Because like I say, you don't know what to expect going in.
because like I say you don't know what to expect going in but then we're like yo man there's 5,000 people waiting outside our hotel just to get a glimpse of us and we're like oh and then like I
say just standing on the side of the highway holding up signs and then I remember after we
said like god this is a really big deal. And then the game started, and we're like,
even though we were winning games like 50, 60, 70, 80 points,
they're like number one watched event in Olympic history.
Like, people watching us and Chuck's like, guys, look at these ratings.
We're shouting everybody ever watched the Olympics record.
And like I say, we're winning by 50, 60, 70 points some of these games.
And people over here are still watching.
And then we're like, guys, we need to start taking this thing really serious.
And from that point on, we just like, we're just going to kill everybody.
Because like I said, we did not know going in that we were
gonna win every game by that many points to be honest with you we knew we were gonna win more
than likely and i think the closest game we ever came was probably 45 50 points and still that much
interest but like you talk about the salaries now and and and part of it is just how big
internationally the nba is like that
was the beginning of it that was it but david stern who was the best ever commissioner in sports
he admitted later that was really his game plan he says because through nike we had did a couple
things in foreign countries i'd been to china j, Germany, things like that. But that was just like me and
a couple of Nike guys. But David Stern admitted later, the reason he wanted to send pros to the
Olympics was to make the game international. And I've had so many young guys say, hey,
my first recollection of basketball in my country was the Dream Team.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
I got just one last one, dream team now obviously layton was
on the team famously isaiah thomas wasn't was that strictly because mj didn't want him there
and that and that but that was it because i mean chuck daly was his own coach with the pistons
and he still wasn't on the team yeah you know what's so crazy about that that's been a controversy
for just 92 and i've said publicly they never ask us about me personally, about Isaiah.
And then Michael, I guess, had lied for 100 years saying he had nothing to do with it.
And then the tape came out.
Well, they got Michael on tape saying he wouldn't play if Isaiah was on the team.
So I guess it's true.
But I've always told Isaiah this,
because I like Isaiah.
They never ask,
and I can't speak for other players,
to be honest with you.
I don't know who they asked.
They didn't ask me.
But I guess Michael didn't want him on the team,
plain and simple.
Was there any poopy pants of guys?
Because like,
obviously playing time is so different.
Were there any guys that
they were pissed they weren't playing enough or was it such a
close-knit group? People were cool with
not getting the minutes they usually get.
That's a great question because
I have two stories. Because I actually played on the
first two Dream Teams.
So on the first Dream Team,
Chuck had two starting
units. And he says, you guys
going to play the first 10? You guys going to play the first 10?
You guys going to play the second 10?
And we didn't care about Leighton, to be honest with you.
Yeah, college doesn't count.
Yeah, yeah. He said, one of you guys ain't going to play a lot one game.
And we're like, we're cool.
We're cool.
Four years later, I wasn't going to play again, to be honest with you.
In Atlanta, right?
In Atlanta, because it was such a great experience.
I said, hey, man.
Because I tell people this.
Ain't nothing like the Olympics.
If you like sports, everybody should go to the Olympics one time in their life.
It's the coolest thing.
Television does not do it justice.
Everybody should go to the Olympics one time in their life as a fan.
It's unbelievable.
So I said, well, I'm not going to play because I want somebody
to experience it.
And then Leonard Wilkins
called me and he says,
no, we got a bunch
of young guys.
I don't know how
they're going to be.
I need to bring you in.
I says, okay,
you know what?
I said, because
number one,
family and friends
couldn't go to Barcelona.
My hometown is
an hour and a half
from here.
I'm like, okay,
that'll be cool.
My mom and everybody
can come blah blah blah blah blah and it was a fucking nightmare it was a fucking nightmare
cutting into your gambling no no no you beat your babysitter got like guys like i'm not getting to
play why am i not starting we had was like I was like wait a minute
I played with fucking
the best players that have played this game
nobody complained and you guys
you're not even that fucking good
y'all complain about
starting you complain about
playing time and so
it really bothered me and pissed me off
I said guys I played
on the greatest team ever assembled.
Nobody ever said a thing about starting.
Nobody complained about playing time.
You represent your fucking country in your country.
Yeah.
Because 99 of the time when you go to the Olympics,
you're playing in another country,
and you can't have a bunch of family and friends there
because they can't afford to go there. i say everybody can fly to atlanta
you represent your country you probably got all your family and friends here this is going to be
a great experience you're going to get to fucking get on that metal stand and and you guys are
complaining about who's playing who's not you're not getting enough benefits and you ain't starting
so that was a great question you asked but but 92 was not a lot of fun.
Now, excuse me, 96 was not a lot of fun.
92 was amazing.
Man, awesome stuff from Barkley.
Again, if you haven't checked out that whole interview, definitely do it.
Hilarious, introspective, all kinds of stuff with Charles Barkley was awesome.
Next up, we were very lucky to talk to Jonathan Maci.
So that's my trophy winner right after the Stanley Cup.
And, of course, you can never go wrong with a Phil Kessel story.
So send it over to Maci for one of those.
You bring up Phil and it's a pretty incredible story.
I mean, he breaks the all-time Ironman record.
He plays every game this year.
And then he wasn't a part of the playoff team and what you guys did.
But as hard as that was for him, how great was he around the room?
I'm sure he was still very professional. And that must have been hard for him to watch have happened but but
for you guys to see him stay positive must have meant a lot yeah i mean he he's like he has to be
one of the best teammates i played with like he is unbelievable and you know what like he's an
all-famer like i don't like the numbers are what they are right he is an unbelievable guy to play with but like even his is i don't even mind what he does on the
ice like that's remarkable already just the fact that he's a character like the way he speaks the
way he says things like is the expressions about everything Like now everybody talks like him on the team,
like all the expressions,
like we all talk the same way as him.
And I,
he comes to us at me and Jack,
most of the,
and Stevie,
like we're always around him,
like chewing you,
chewing his ear a little bit,
like fucking around with him.
And like,
you have to stop saying my lines here.
Hey,
that's when I'm gone,
you guys have to stop saying my slang.
It's just like all of those things like that that is i don't know he was unbelievable and yeah he wasn't in the
lineup the past few games but he was the same like he was the same and he's so funny like he
comes in before game five the practice day and he's, if you fucking guys lose the game and I have to fucking fly to Florida and
back,
I'm going to be like,
all this stuff like that.
And it's just every day.
Like we just sit around him and wait for him to say something stupid.
And we let each other all laughing.
It was,
it was so much fun to just be around that guy this year.
Bruce Cassidy comes in and he's like,
hold up here, I got to say something quickly before you go, Bruce.
If you guys make me fly across the country,
I'm going to fucking ring out your necks.
All right, go ahead, Bruce.
It was funny, but this guy's equipment is terrible.
He has stuff that he had for 15 years.
We're making fun of this.
We're kind of making fun of a little bit of everything
and the whole character.
After the coaches start, after every
video, say something about
Phil. He was not so
happy about it, but it was just hilarious to
see his reaction and stuff like that. It was
unbelievable. Jonathan, we were just talking about what Jack
brought to the ice. What did Butch as a new
coach bring behind the bench for you guys? He came in and every coach was unbelievable. Jonathan, we were just talking about what Jack brought to the ice. What did Butch as a new coach bring behind the bench for you guys?
Well, he came in and, like, it was  like, every coach are different.
Like, obviously, Butch is a little bit more of a motherfucking behind the bench
than the other ones we had.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Every time the fucking camera pans to him, if you made the mistake
Oh, my
He's disgusted.
Oh, dude.
Kidnapped your family.
Every start of the game, like the first shift,
if somebody turns the puck over, he's
losing. We're like,
we didn't even do a shift yet. He's motherfucking
the guys on the ice.
Everybody's like, okay, let's relax.
We're all okay here. We're just starting the game.
But he always, his message
was like, one of his messages
that got to me more is like, let's get
to our game. Let's get to our game.
So that's why he was probably mad at first,
like because we're fucking around on the ice,
but,
uh,
in the playoff,
like you didn't hear it.
Like he was not like,
uh,
mad about turnovers and stuff like that.
He was more like neutral.
And I think that,
that helped us being really calm on the,
uh,
on the bench.
And the belief on our group was was there like we
we knew we were in every game so uh yeah but his message was like he added a couple of good
messages that that was like get to your game like we're the better team like you know what like
he was adjusting every game something so like it's he was playing chess you know like he was always adjusting something
so i think i think that's something that made us better uh definitely and we needed in the past
few years watching stone and and just like you know he's had such a long career he's just such
a great all-around player we joke sometimes that he skates like biz but i mean this year and as he's
gone through as he's gone through these back surgeries and then
he's you know he's missing the regular season of the second half are you are you guys worried
like is he not gonna be able to come back was he open and adamant to you guys like I'll be ready
to go once playoff starts like what was his year like for you guys being around him trying to battle
through a second back surgery yeah I mean that was so unfortunate to be honest like you think you do
a surgery and you're done with it right you like you just do recovery and you're okay to come back
like i was it was sad to see him to be honest like when he got injured this year uh right after he's
like all right guys uh he texted on the group like guys like i'm doing the the same surgery again. My timeline is,
should be coming back for first round.
I'm going to battle for you guys to come back first round.
And,
you know,
I won't be around on,
around the team as much because he doesn't come on the road and stuff.
But like,
I'm just so,
you know,
I'm going to battle back and I'll be back for you guys for playoffs.
So just good luck the rest of the year and see you in playoffs kind of thing.
And man, he was like he was out at the rink like for three, four hours, four or five hours sometimes.
And just grinding in the gym, doing all his exercise.
And he was like, you can tell you wanted to come back for us.
And honestly, it's when that's that's your captain that's your
leader at battles like that it just goes down through the lineup and i mean that's that
definitely gave us a little boost knowing that he was going to come back he looks like a different
guy without the mustache huh i seen him he's clean shave you can't even recognize yeah he looks
for sure but i like you would you would see this guy in practice and you're like oh my god like he like he's not the
flashiest guy right in practice like shoots almost from the always from the between the blue and the
top of the circle like doesn't score much in practice but he gets in the game and just
oh he's a different player he's an elite player in the league and i mean he's he's unbelievable
and like i've played like with a lot of guys in my life,
but rarely is one guy makes everybody good on the ice.
Like, he could play with anyone in the league.
He would somehow make that guy a special hockey player.
And that's probably the best quality to have.
We haven't even talked about the revolving door in net yet.
Even throughout the season, but that in playoffs
with Brassois going down and then Hill coming in. revolving door and net yet even throughout the season but that in in playoffs with uh
with brossois going down and then hill coming in yeah i mean well this year the main guy i thought
was uh logan for a bit uh thompson he was great he was playing great he got a nasty injury
try came back too early got it hurt again and after hill was doing good but he was like not
playing as often as thompson but he
was really doing good too and after brosso was in the in the hl for the most part of the season of
the season and after we're all our goalies were injured so we went to get quickie and like we
were we were at the end of the season and we're like who's our goalie here? Who's starting? And it honestly didn't matter to us because we believed that the team in front of them was really good.
And any of them would have done the job.
I think everybody was great.
And LB came in and he was like, by the end of the season, he was like, unbelievable.
So we're like, well, we got to start LB.
He was the best goalie in the past two three weeks
so they started him and after he went down and hiller was coming back from his injury i think
he went down and silver and i played one game and after he comes down he comes against the
and started being like lights out he did an unbelievable run like the save that he made
that he made along the series were unbelievable, giving us a chance every night.
And you know what?
Sometimes we weren't really  one of our weaknesses as a team
is our starts in the first period.
We weren't really good most of the time,
and he made some key saves right off the bat.
Yeah, our goalies were unbelievable,
but Hiller's run at the end was sick, for sure, to be part of.
Just great stuff from Machi and Zach, too, that day.
Such an honor to have those guys on the show right after they won the Cup.
So next up, this guy, when we found out we were getting him on the show,
we were over the moon, and he did not disappoint.
Peter Forsberg, Flappa, as he's known.
Tremendous stories, and the one about his injury was incredible.
So take it away, Flappa.
Our next interview is brought to
you by Chevy. Chevy is working to make charging simple. Over 110,000 charging stations across the
U.S. and Canada and growing. MyChevy app, your smartphone becomes your co-pilot when using the
MyChevrolet mobile app with energy Assist. The app allows you to access vehicle
information like battery status and charging settings from anywhere. The Energy Assist feature
intelligently plans your routes, tells you where and how long to charge up, and gives you real-time
data about charging station availability. Home charging, three different levels available.
Chevy electric vehicles offer great options for charging.
All of them as simple as plugging in your smartphone.
Learn more at chevy.com slash electric.
After you guys did get that cup, I mean, the next few years,
a couple of losses to Detroit and Dallas, but then Ray Bork's on the team for his first full season there.
You get Rob Blake, and you guys end up going on to win.
But for you, you played with a  was it your spleen,
and you didn't even know it was ruptured in Game 7 of the second round?
Like, how did you figure out that was the issue?
Was it even in question of you playing in a couple of those games
when you did get injured?
How did that all happen?
I don't think I knew before.
After Game 7, we got knocked out.
LA, I think, in game seven at home i was just
at the restaurant and all suddenly it was starting to hurt especially the whole left side um and then
i called the trainer and the trainer said the worst thing it could ever be is you rupture your
spleen i'm like okay but then you walk you go to the hospital and you walk in i'm ah maybe it's not
that bad you just get out of here and then like an hour later it's not that bad. You just get out of here. And then like an hour later,
it's like 1.7 liters of blood in your body there.
And then you almost died.
So it went pretty fast, I would say.
But nothing that I knew in the game that I was going to,
that it hurt.
It just started bothering me
and maybe an hour and a half after the game.
I don't know why, but I guess it was maybe
it was just a tiny opening before that
and then totally the floodgates opened there right after the game but but i was lucky i remember
asking the the doctor there you know they're like you're gonna am i gonna survive yeah you're gonna
be fine you're gonna live a normal life afterwards and the next question like can i play anymore in
the playoffs he said no and then got a little. I didn't really care about the surgery.
I was sad that I couldn't play anything the rest of the playoffs.
But everything went fine.
I had the best doctors.
And right now I'm fine.
And I think that leads into one of the most legendary stories, which is the following year.
And with all the injuries you kind of accumulated throughout that season, you took the whole regular season off, followed by leading the playoffs and scoring.
So when did the team decide that you were just going to be shut down for that
whole regular season?
No, that was my own.
Cause I had such a problem with my feet and the bursa sex and they were hurting
so bad. And then I think it was also combination,
lost his spleen and almost died. And I was like,
I did the surgery on my foot that year and took away the bursa sex.
Cause I barely got them in the skates. And then they came back for the you know when i start practicing for the for the for the camp and i'm
like i can't go through another year hurting so much in my feet and then the spleen and everything
i think i was i don't think i was ready so i decided just to tell the team like don't pay me
i used to go home and i'm gonna come back when i'm ready then i came back in in january and i had an infection from the surgery there and they kind of ate up my
tendon so i had to do as soon as i got back to denver i had to have a surgery on my tendon
there for the rest of the year so that's why i missed all 11 months um so and it was really
close i would say not making the playoffs too but i I remember, it's kind of funny, I had won 2-on-1 as an only contact drill
before they throw me in the playoffs.
And they're like, here you go, you can start playing.
I'm like, okay, let's get it going.
And I got thrown in first game against LA, and I guess it worked out.
I was in good shape.
I had worked out for 10 months straight, so I was in good shape.
Okay, so despite the injury and the bursa sack stuff,
you were still able to keep your conditioning up.
And I was going to ask, did you offer not to be paid?
Did they still end up paying you,
given everything you'd done for the organization?
Okay, sounds good, Pete.
Yeah.
No, I said, don't pay me.
I just want to take my time.
Because, you know, I did the bursa sack.
It's such a problem. It's hurting every single day. You know, I'm, don't pay me. I just want to take my time. Because, you know, I did the bursar sex. It's such a problem.
It's hurting every single day, you know, when I put practices.
I'm like, I have to take my time.
You can't, you know, force me.
And I want to be under any pressure.
You just don't pay me.
Stupidly, the worst thing, it was my highest year of pain, too.
So it was bad timing for me personally.
But I guess my economy studies didn't work out for that one. my highest year of pain too so it was bad timing for me personally but uh i guess uh
my economy studies didn't work out for that one but at least i didn't take my time hey well good
good thing that the crocs thing ended up working out um and i kind of want to throw it over you
because i don't want to spoil it but you were an early investor into crocs the silly shoes that
guys wear around the locker room and i guess every
nurse wears in every hospital in the world i think it was more like a boating shoe i think that's what
i heard when they came up and there was a couple of friends from boulder that was uh in really early
investors in that and then they said oh if we're gonna make it if it booms here everywhere in the
in the united states you're gonna help us out in scandinavia and that's what happened because i had the foot problems and i had a foot guy that took care of me and he had a couple
stores i'm like could you help me with this we started crocs and yeah we made a budget selling
maybe 5 000 shoes and then i'm selling about half a million the next year so it was kind of funny
how it ended up and that's how we got into shoes and that's why we're still in shoes too with the
crocs so so this was just a local friend of yours and he was from Boulder, Colorado.
And cause I think when I heard the story, he like,
somebody said that the guy brought him into the locker room and put him in
the, in the, in the dressing room.
And everybody was looking at him being like, yeah, no, what are those?
What are those?
Exactly.
Well, that was before.
I think they were white at least when they got yellow and blue and no bad colors and then they got really the rift in the swedish media like i
brought the worst shoes ever to sell in sweden but especially when you mix the blue and the yellow
didn't look horrible but yeah that's kind of his name was tom duran actually he helped us with a
few other things we sold the skate sharpening machine he helped us there too and then we decided to help out with the crocs selling in scandinavia and it worked out
great so you still currently like own the rights of like distributing crocs in all of scandinavia
no we do that in wikina we upgraded the shoes are really beautiful nowadays so we upgraded
that's amazing i want to i want to go into the the foot issues you mentioned
was that the first year that those kind of started in that run uh when you guys won in
oh one and you had to miss the time like when did when did all the foot issues begin did they go back
to when you were younger i've always been curious as to how that all started no it's uh that's not
what had happened i think it started i'm not really sure about the year,
but I think it was 2003.
It was my best year then.
I played really well in the regular season.
And then maybe one game before the playoffs, it didn't work.
So it didn't.
So what happens is the foot doesn't stick in the skate.
I lose the balance all the time.
But it was more like one game to another,
the weirdest thing,
and maybe a trauma or whatever it was.
But I had maybe 10 or 12 surgeries afterwards
and never got fixed.
So I still have the same problem as today.
I had some serious foot issues as well.
One of my surgeons was a guy,
Dr. Anderson in North Carolina.
Did you see him for some of yours?
Yeah.
No, he cut my heel
off and moved it in and we decided i actually found out it was not the problem so we cut the
heel off again and moved it back so uh kind of it's just a oh those are painful surgery too like
yeah so uh we i tried i tried him too we tried that too. It was not only his idea.
I wanted to do it.
I just didn't want to do it really permanent.
That would hurt me for the rest of my life just walking and doing things.
So I tried a different few things, but I guess, nope, nothing worked.
So you're not in pain walking or anything.
It's just in terms of skating.
I would say in terms of skating.
Somehow I lose the balance
when i can for a while i almost can tie it up and then i can twist and turn and maybe almost lift the
foot out of the skate it was the weirdest thing i can make a could almost pull it in to you know
go from a size but of eight to size six with it and so so that's why i didn't really stick in the skate because then all of a sudden they got you
know a lot of room in the boot so uh but uh i'm i'm okay with it now i have to say it was a few
few frustrating year uh so many surgeries so many weird things going on there so uh i guess it
didn't work even to the point where didn't they have like a
like an electricity pack yeah and they had to like build it into your skate and like what was
the purpose of that was it to try to distract the pain no not to distract the pain was more like the
like i said i could shrink the foot but if i had the electrical if the muscle was on all the time
i couldn't shrink the foot so that's why i had it on so uh so the muscle was on all the time, I couldn't shrink the foot. So that's why I had it on.
So the muscle would be, I don't know what to call it,
like totally back in the electrical working.
You can see I didn't work in the electrical either.
It made the muscle like whatever, strained all the time,
like hard all the time.
So I couldn't move the foot.
That's kind
of the reason uh why i used that one i tried so many things believe me i i tried every little
thing that you could possibly do i try to put it in a cast i i tried i would say everything in that
foot four thousand things but nothing worked and honestly I know what you mean. I was doing the same exact thing.
And I think I just, it's so exhausting to keep having to try things
and then they don't work.
For me, at least, I was just like,
this is mentally crushing me more than physically in a way.
Wow.
Yeah.
It was always a battle.
I try to keep the skates cold.
It's harder than it were.
They were easy to skate. But I would that the hardest part was i knew the left foot and i knew i could play
and i knew when i was good and some games and i'm like this is going to be tough and you know
you're going to go in the sold out building you're going to get a hatcher chasing you try to kill you
and then it's like oh i can't even hold my balance so to be honest the last couple
of years kind of first surviving the
two first periods and then it was
close and then you
get going in the last because then nobody
had the time to chase you
down and you know I even retired in
the game in Philly you know I said this is it
I can't skate I can't do anything about
this I hate it we had a meeting after first period
me and Gagne and Stevens was the coach I'm like I'm retiring I can't skate i can't do anything about this i hate it we had a meeting after first period me and gagney and stevens was the coach i'm like i'm retiring okay i can't move come on
and then i tipped one in and i had an assist but beat pittsburgh three two i'm like
i think i got first or second star i'm like i can't retire
this is not so it's kind of back and forth struggling but i would say the hardest part
it's like you know you couldn't do the best out there even for your teammates and then So it was kind of back and forth struggling, but I would say the hardest part is like,
you knew you couldn't do the best out there,
even for your teammates and then people in the stands watching
and like try to, you know, play harder, play tougher.
But I just couldn't, you couldn't keep the balance.
When you guys moved over, right, that your second season,
well, you get Claude Lemieux and he just won the Stanley Cup in Jersey.
What's your first memories of meeting him in training camp?
And I believe during your cup run that season,
you guys played on the same line, right?
Occasionally he got suspended a few games,
but most of the games we played together. Yeah. Yeah, no, no, for sure.
He was, we knew, I knew he played really well.
And, but I also know he was known for a few, few dirty shots.
So I'm like, Oh, this is, if we're going to play with this guy, people's going to try to run us and murder us every game here. played really well. But I also know he was known for a few dirty shots.
I'm like, oh, if we're going to play with this guy,
people are going to try to run us and murder us every game here.
I don't know if that's going to work out. But, you know, he was a fierce competitive, I would say.
He left everything on the ice every single night.
And he also demanded that you played well and played good every single night. And he also demanded that you played
well and played good every single game.
No, I enjoyed playing with him.
He was not shy to put
his nose in front of the net and put the pucks in.
And when I think back,
I don't think I knew
anybody that cheered more than him when he
scored. He was really
happy when he scored.
It's a funny thing, yeah. Can't think of Claude.
We don't think of the Detroit Red Wings.
Will you have a part of a rivalry that had that much hatred to it, Peter?
No, no.
That's never been part of anything like that ever before or after.
Him and his summer job.
All right.
Yeah.
Two or three years there was tough.
It was tough for me.
I mean, they had six or seven Swedes.
And then around around
like i mean getting on the flight 98 i was flying with the detroit guys to to nagano i'm like hey
guys what's up yeah that was very awkward yeah i would say you know uh maybe that's why we lost in
quarters too and then i got games yeah yeah because as big as a prick as you were on the
ice i believe you only got
in one NHL fight in your entire career
and it was Martin Lapointe?
I don't know if it's really a fight,
but yeah, we
threw one or two punches, but we didn't drop the gloves.
I think we had kept the gloves on.
But he hit hard, I would say.
I was actually surprised he hit hard.
But I think in preseason I fought Avery. Actually would say I was actually surprised. He hit hard, but I had a, I think in preseason,
I fought Avery.
I actually,
we both dropped the gloves.
And so that's my,
I don't,
but didn't count on the,
on the,
on the shell stats,
but,
but that one didn't end up for good for me either.
I think I actually hit him,
but then my teammates were screaming or everybody's screaming to help him.
And then I got help from my teammates.
That's crazy that that was the one fight you got
and it was in preseason.
I'm sure that him chirping and him getting,
him lipping off had something to do with it
in order to get under your skin
for you to even consider it.
Well, it was, yeah.
I mean, like we were in Vegas.
I'm like, come on, leave us.
We can just enjoy playing the game
and go out after the game.
Like, why do we have to be so intense in the game?
And he was all over it.
It was a funny story, too, because I was in the hallway there
and one of the defensemen, my teammates, he goes,
just start with Avery, I will kill him for you.
So I started, but then LaPierre jumped my defensive partner,
then I got stuck with Avery.
So that's why it ended up.
That's why I tried to start it with him.
Somebody's supposed to come in.
Yeah, exactly.
Somebody helped me.
But then I guess somebody yelled from the bench to help him,
and then I got help.
But he didn't really hit me, so I got away from scrap
with not any blue marks or nothing.
The crazy fight night versus Detroit.
I mean, the spark plug for that was probably you and Igor Larionov,
two unlikely guys.
I don't think you got a fight major for it,
but that was sort of almost not the trigger for it,
but that kind of got the ball rolling a bit that night.
Yeah.
You know, I don't know why I didn't think about it,
but who would have thought that I was going to wrestling Larionov,
and I didn't have a clue either.
Larionov played that McCarthy or Shanahan was going to be on the ice
at the same time.
So it's just me being in the game, not thinking about what could happen.
There had been so much talks about what was going to happen back and forth,
and no, I didn't think about it.
Then we start wrestling, and all of a sudden,
when the wrestling game is over, it's like, what's going on here?
I'm like, oops, sorry, sorry, Claude.
Didn't think about it.
After your first Stanley Cup win, what did you do your day with the Cup?
Did you have it over in Sweden?
What was the day all about?
Yeah, it was kind of so-so when I got the Cup because we had the World Cup.
We went so, you know, the game was the last game in Florida. I was in June sometime, cup because we had the World Cup. We went so, you know, the game was the last game, Florida.
I was in June sometime and then we had the World Cup
and I got to celebrate it.
Then two days later, we had Germany in the World Cup.
So kind of a bad timing to get the cup, I would say,
because you don't want to be, you actually want to be behaving
when you play against Germany.
You try to be able to back check a little bit you play against germany you know you try to be
able to back check a little bit at least so it's kind of quiet night with the cup was that easily
the most grueling experience of your career like going through four rounds like that because i know
the year before you said you guys got bounced in the first round when you were in quebec like
had anything was was there anything that could could have prepared you for that run no it was a
it was a tough run i think we also stayed in the hotel the whole way.
And it felt like eight months, those two months you went through all that.
But I would say we didn't think about that.
I remember me and Deadmarsh looked at the quad, brought the ring there one pretty early.
But we ate there before in the playoffs and you're like
we want that thing like we're gonna
we don't think about anything we're gonna have that
we want that ring we want the cup
and the first year I would say
it's all happiness even if you stay in the
hotel I would say the next year
when you got in the room and
stayed another month and a half
it's a little long but the first
year I would say it was
just uh uh you had one goal and this was to win the cup i gotta ask about um you know 1994 the
olympics you became this international hockey legend with the with the shootout winner but
leading up to that you mentioned naslin and how close you guys were he actually went over to north
america that 93 94 season so he didn't get to play on that team, and you stayed back.
Was that hard for you guys?
Was he just ready to make the jump?
And he probably knew that meant he wasn't going to be on that Olympic team
with you, right?
No, he was ready.
He was much more mature when we were that age.
He was right at the go over.
He, I would say, dominated in practices in the league when he left,
so I don't think I was that good, I would say.
People would probably say I was okay.
But he was ready to take the step.
And yeah, I don't know if it's only the Olympics I stayed home.
I would say it helped out.
They came up that year in 94.
But yeah, to be honest, but, uh, yeah,
it just, to be honest, it was more like, I didn't want to leave.
I won't tell. I wanted the Swedish meatballs for another year.
Which is mentioned the 94 Olympics, of course,
the goal against Corey Hirsch to steal the gold medal.
Had you ever tried that move in a game before?
Was that the first time you dusted it off for a game?
No, I tried it in the, in the Swedish league, uh,
a couple of months earlier of course i missed that takes a big set of balls and then pull it out in the gold medal game yeah yeah exactly it
didn't work last time so i'm gonna pull it out when absolutely when it counts but i was just a
horrible uh public shooter back then and i couldn't do any other movie. I had like two, five hole on that one.
And,
and,
uh,
yeah,
I guess it couldn't work out any better than it did.
Was that the first time where maybe you,
you'd gone around Sweden and you were getting noticed by people?
Like,
did your,
did your fame significantly rise after that goal?
A little bit.
Um,
but I won,
you know,
I won the world championship two years earlier when I was,
when I was 18.
And then I, Marcus was running around in Sweden in 1993
and made some headlines.
No, I think, yeah, it helped out.
But I guess if you knew hockey, I think you kind of knew who I was before that.
And then after that, too, we ended up in the Swedish final there.
And I kind of embarrassed myself after the loss in the final.
I actually said that I was going to beat up the referee
after we lost the final.
I was going to punch him.
So it didn't really help out either to stay incognito there in Sweden.
Did you get fined for that one?
Did they come down with a hard penalty?
No, I got no fine.
I got nothing for it.
No, I don't know.
I think they blamed the camera guy or the interview guy that, you know,
showed up with a mic 30 seconds after the game.
So nobody really blamed me, which is good.
They still play the audio.
Give your father five minutes to cool off, guys.
Exactly.
Don't they still play the audio during some games in this current day,
like the audio from that clip?
No, I don't know if they do it.
But, yeah, a few dads of the kids, I have some of my own kids in Sweden
that come up and they remember that, actually,
the clip that I was going to beat up and try to punch the ref.
But I think if you look at it, you can see that I had passion for the game at least.
I think that's what people say when they come up.
I understand them.
The ref wasn't that bad, but we can see you were pretty crazy after that.
They actually liked the win.
Just an unreal story.
Unreal guy.
That was a legit one of our probably top two or three interviews we did this year.
We had some doozy.
So thanks again to Peter Forsberg for coming on with us.
It was also a big year for the Game Notes crew. Bringing in army in murrell's like we have full time it's been a treat
especially on the road like me and i'm again we really click comedic wise so it's great to have
those guys part of the chicklets family and uh they're the shower sheriffs as well i mean if
you're in the shower playing beer league or whatever these guys are going to tell you how
it's done so let's turn over to the game notes boys right now. Hello, Canada. This episode is brought to you by the score bet sports book and
casino. The score bet is the best sports book for the hockey obsessed with a wide variety of markets
and daily specials from us here at spitting chicklets. It's got you covered for everything
on the ice. So if you're in Ontario only,
download the Scorebet app and create an account today.
You can build and follow your bets directly from the Score Sports app for the best possible experience.
With the playoff push coming up, you don't want to miss anything.
And the Scorebet also has you covered for all your other favorite sports and players.
Plus, there's tons of iCasino games any day, anytime. That's the score bet.
Download today and see how the best sports app, period, does sports betting. Please play
responsibly. 19 plus, Ontario only. Gambling problem? Call Connix Ontario at 1-866-531-2600.
Well, I was talking to a guy the other day. He's from New Jersey. Big Spittin' Chicklets fan bases in New Jersey.
I know you're shitty on New Jersey biz,
but maybe we got to go there and see some of these people.
Beer League tricks, quirks in the dressing room.
Etiquette, rules.
Rules.
He told me we got to organize these leagues for the listeners out there.
There's way too much nonsense going on.
So Chicklets, et cetera.
We're going to give them a rule every week to live by in the beer league.
And I want to know your guys' take on this, on the team showering.
There's dudes that come to these games, and I know they're playing either early in the morning,
they've got to get to work, so you better shower.
They're going to go home, get on their suit, or they're late at night.
But you've got to shower after the game.
You've got to get in the shower with the boys.
Like, Busy, you know this, the best part of the game.
You played with Keith Yandel.
Great story.
He always got you to shower, even when you didn't play.
Listen, if you're on a beer league, you got to shower.
This team and this guy that I know told me that they have a shower sheriff.
He's on the team, and he hands out tickets to the boys.
You get fined if you don't take a shower after the game.
Rate up the ideal of Keith Yandel's heart of showering with the fellas,
and he gets everyone in the shower all together if there's room for that,
and he makes sure everyone showers.
Is that something we need to clean up in this game?
I'm down with that.
The shower sheriff?
The only thing I'll say is if you get a guy and he's like fellas
the kids are off to school say it's an early skate right so you get the 6 a.m skate some guys do that
and the wife says hey honey come home we can get after it in the shower we'll take a shower
together and that's the only acceptable reason to not shower after hockey with the boys because you
you may be getting lucky with the wifey at home. Because that rarely happens,
so we understand. Oh, yeah. It's like once a year,
so you miss one shower a year.
That's like the
one excuse to
cock from your
jaw to shrap.
I love
showering. I love showering. Like, post
anything. Like, now I'm golfing. Post
golf, guys, let's take a shower. Now, unfortunately, all the
courses, they don't have the hockey locker
room showers where you're all together.
You're a big shower whacker? Individual
showers are horrendous.
Yeah, those are brutal.
You got to have the group shower. Am I a shower whacker?
What's that?
You're like whacking in the shower with the old lady.
I'll get
after it with her anywhere
she asked me to now that you got all those kids you're in the closet on the floor with the lock
on the door you know the dog shower the shower location is your guys meet up spot if i'm lucky
enough dude we got a big old shower with a bench in there so so i'm a little bit ocd in a sense of i like feeling really
clean so i can understand if the rink's close to home and wanting to go home and have your own
shower and then put on clothes because sometimes like you're drying off at the ring it's just like
so so steamy in there it's like gross in the locker room the floors are disgusting so i could
see where if guys want to go home and get the shower done i don't really give a fuck about somebody else's hygiene to be quite frank like if they're if i
don't get to stare at their cock in the shower i'm not gonna stomp my feet more room for the rest of
us i do appreciate the guy on the team who's the designated shampoo and conditioner guy because
you know that most the team ain't yeah yeah you borrow the guy's shampoo and maybe guy. Cause you know that most of the team ain't bringing it. Yeah. You borrow the guy's shampoo.
And maybe,
maybe the guy,
maybe the guy's even got an extra towel.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Just don't wipe your butt.
Right.
Like that's the move.
Gee,
what'd you take on the,
on the shower shaft though?
We need one.
What's the deal here?
I just think what army Merle's game notes is doing for the beer leagues.
They're cleaning it up every week,
every episode,
they put out a new rule, a different rule that needs to be done, whether it's, you know,
cleaning up your uniform, gear wear, you know, bringing beers to the locker room.
They have all these different rules and you got to abide by them.
So I love what they're doing for the beer leagues, including the shower sheriff.
You got to be showering after games.
You got to.
Yeah, unless you're going right home, I suppose.
But once again, thanks to the Game Notes. Boy,
it's been an awesome addition to the fan this year. Next up, another one of these interviews
we got, we were over the moon for, Jaromir Jaga. And when he told the story about Mario
Lemieux coming back, well, I'll send it over to Jags. He does it better than I do.
I'll never forget. I think it was a couple of days after Christmas when Mario returned that
time in 2000. And right away, I mean, you score, he assists Christmas when Mario returned that time in 2000. Right away,
you score, he assists on the goal early
on. Did you guys know he was
coming back? I think it had been 44 months
since he retired in 97.
When did you guys start hearing he was coming back?
Do you remember all that?
I got the story
for you guys. Maybe it's going to be too
long, but I have a story.
No, we got all night, buddy.
It's kind of exciting.
You know, it's my
favorite stories, you know,
with Mario. How he decided,
when he decided, and
how I,
how he let me
know. So,
well, when
he decided to come back again
because he was three years
three and a half years out
so he had
you know he had a son
Austin
and he was always
when we play Mario you know he was the owner
and he was always
playing you know with the stick in our
dresser and he was always playing with the stick in our dresser and there was
a trainer
Steve Lattin and he had
a big poster
when he was shopping the skates of Mario
Lemieux and little
Austin was playing with the stick and
he asked Steve Lattin who is
this guy and
Stevie Lattin told him
that's your dad
and Austin said my dad played hockey and Stevie Lattin said this guy. And Steve Lutton told him, that's your dad.
And Austin said, my dad played hockey.
And Steve Lutton said,
your dad was the best player in the world for a long time.
So, and somehow
this
conversation,
Austin and Steve Lutton get to the Mario.
And I think that they click him
and I think because of this he decided to come back and show his son how good he was.
Wow.
You know, that's a story.
I think that's happened, you know.
And so I think Mario started practicing.
He didn't tell anybody.
And, you know, I kind of had a tough start at that season it was
1999 and you know 2000 that was it was 2000 2001 but i had a kind of tough tough season tough start
and uh you know and i was craig patrick called me to you know we were in boston and craig patrick
rg you know called me said you know when we come back Boston and Craig Patrick, our GM, you know, called me and said, you know, when we come back to Pittsburgh, Mario, Mario want to talk.
So we came back from Boston from the trip and, you know, I went to his office and he said, what's going on?
And I said, well, you know, we don't play very well.
You know, I don't play very well.
I would like to get, you know, some players, but I know we don't play very well you know i don't play very well i would like to get you know some players but
i know we don't have a money and you know we were in bankruptcy back then and uh and he said well i
know one guy who could be good i said well you know but it was so funny and he i didn't get it
back then i added and he's i said well, okay, but we don't have the money.
It cannot be any superstar.
I said, well, you know, he might be pretty cheap, but he's pretty good.
I said, well, who is it?
And he said, it's me.
I'm practicing already for two months.
Don't tell anybody.
But, you know, I decided to come back on December 26.
That's why I found out, you know. And it was back on december 26th that's why i found out you know
and it was tough it was tough for me to to keep it for myself i didn't tell anybody but
because mario was afraid we tell you know the media is going to be there all the time so
but that kind of news you know it was probably the toughest thing for me to keep to keep a secret
don't tell anybody you know just that's that's how i find out that is an incredible story
yeah we click right away i think it's a great story and you know we scored a you know first
shape he we scored a goal he scored he well he scored he scored a goal in the middle of the game
and you know we won five i think five one or five nothing against serono and you know he had like
three points next game he had other three points next game. He had other three points, four points.
It was unbelievable.
It was.
And that's the other story.
How many professional players, I mean, doesn't have to be hockey or any sports,
can maybe Michael Jordan can, you know, take three and a half years off
and, you know, come back, practice for three months and dominating.
You know, he played 40 games and he had 80
points but you know it's just that's why i i gotta say hey i lost my game in one off season that's
why i couldn't play anymore took me one off season it was a gone this guy's bucket take it four years
off comes back in just unbelievable that's an incredible story how many people you think know
that that story about his kid?
Well, you know, I was telling a lot of these stories to my friends in Czech. I don't know if I ever say it in English, so I'm not sure. born in the day and Mario was in the hospital,
I kind of remember everything about him.
Not everything, but most of the time about Mario.
So we played together. I think it was 1996 or 1997.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure, but Austin was born and Mary was in the hospital for three days.
He didn't sleep.
He was there.
And then we played St. Louis that night and he just came for the game.
And he still had the, from the hospital, I don't know how to call it,
the wrist, he still had it. And I said, hey, keep it, it's
good luck for you, and he kept
that, he scored four, you know, he scored
eight points, he scored five goals
and three assists.
Well, I guess it wasn't luck, but it was
just very on the view, but he, you know,
he didn't sleep for three days, he was in
hospital, he scored eight points against St. Louis.
I mean, just an awesome guest.
It was top two, top three interview we've done.
Just a Hall of Famer who'd never done an interview on a podcast before,
and the fact he came on with us is just an honor and a treat.
And it was midnight.
It was midnight in Czech.
He waited up for us.
Unbelievable.
I mean, the guy stayed up late.
I mean, he's probably going skating after knowing him, what his schedule,
but just an honor to have Jags on, and that story was unbelievable.
Next up, probably the opposite end of the spectrum, Andre Waugh.
Definitely in the running for funniest interview, no doubt about it.
Top three funny interviews.
And he played Stutis on one of the plane trips during the Tampa Bay 0-4 Cup run.
And I'll let him tell the story. Over to Andre.
Well, the one that got this all sparked up,
and I think I reached out to you via Twitter after,
was when we had Brad Richards on.
And he talked about the situation in the plane.
Now, I think I remember it being after a big, significant playoff loss.
So walk us through that one.
And obviously, this is another one of your spur of the moments
that gets told throughout the entire hockey universe. Yeah, yeah, exactly yeah yeah exactly i've told actually the story quite a bit different events
i do these hockey events anyways podcasts but i think it's still for people that never heard it
so we lost we're we're in philly it was game six so we were up by two goals, I think five minutes left. So we're all, yeah, man, we're going to the finals, you know.
So they scored a goal, made it 3-2.
They pulled their goalie 3-3, went to overtime, and Philly scored 4-3.
So tough loss, I'm thinking we're going to the finals, game six.
So we're going back to Tampa.
We're going on our charter plane.
Everybody's bummed out.
Obviously, big loss.
It hurts, you know.
But we come in the plane, and as everybody sits down,
one of the stewardess just passed.
She fainted.
I don't know.
We heard like a big boom in the back there.
So, you know, one of the trainers ran in the back.
They're all looking after her.
Obviously, she's down
there just oh my god i don't feel good i don't know what happened i'm just so excited you know
so um so as i'm we just sat on the plane marty st louis comes and he's like andre you gotta do
something i'm like what are you talking about marty's like look at look at this look at the
plane look at the long faces they all have the colby Armstrong faces I was like yeah no so I he's like what do you want me
to do he's like do something we got to cheer we got to change this move we got one game left
in our barn game seven it's not over I was like I know but it's you know he's like no but just do
something yeah but towards you know he's like
never mind towards go and do something change that's like okay what should i do what should i
do so as the stewie went down there i was like oh that's what i'll do i'll serve the meals so i went
in the back and i the other girl's like hey do you have any extra aprons so she's like why why
do you want that i was like never mind why just give me a fucking apron so she's like, why, why do you want that? I was like, nevermind. Why just give me a fucking apron. So she's like, they're up. Oh my God.
Oh, what are you going to do? What are you going to do?
Because they, they kind of knew me. So I, I went in the bathroom,
got butt naked, put on the apron on, you know,
had the baby arm hanging in front. And so I go in the back, just kidding.
Sorry. No, he's not though. the back. Just kidding. Sorry.
No, he's not, though.
No, no, no.
No, I'm kidding.
So I go in the back.
There was the cookie tray that usually they give out after dinner.
But I grabbed the cookie tray, and I kind of put a cookie in my ass
and my butt cracked, and I squeezed it.
But it all crumbled up anyways.
So I went up, went by the two stories, whatever.
And I was like, hi, guys.
I know you're hungry.
Would you like a cockney?
We got chicken.
We got chocolate chip, macadamia.
We got also more stuff coming.
But in the meantime, so no, you're good.
So I was just going all the way up and just with my ass sticking out behind, you know, people, you could see all the shit that crumble in my ass.
I was like, no, I didn't.
I didn't poop myself.
It's just a cookie.
It's just I squeezed it and it just crumble in my booty.
So anyways, I just went up.
I was trying to just clowning around, you know, and I went all the way up.
And then I just guys were all chuckling and laughing and
then having a good chuckle out of it so I after a while I was like I might as well you know so I
stay like that and then the food was kind of coming out so I started going and giving steaks
and salmon to the guys up front you know all the way almost to the coaches up there everybody was
laughing in the plane anyway so uh yeah so we
won game seven because i croqueted my ass no no just kidding but it kind of it just changed the
mood kind guys were laughing that's unbelievable that saint louis was thinking about so you said
what saint louis yeah yeah marty just came up to me he's like do something do something i don't
know so and marty he loves to laugh like he's in the and he's he's in his seat and he's like do something do something like something i don't know so and marty he loves to
laugh like he's in the and he's he's in his seat and he's like
and he likes to laugh he laughs just like that so i'm like i give him a high five guys are giving
me i'm like anyway so we had a good chuckle then after a while you know went back to my seat
guys start playing cards and uh you know uh started forgot about the game six and uh yeah
and then we're uh anyways it changed the mood you know it's just the fucking rights it did man
i believe in that shit i just i just like that yeah i just think biz you know with everybody
you know it's just a season is so long and i know you have to be so monotonous yeah exactly the
meetings we have the video and always sometimes it gets like it's it's like a record just every day the same
thing uh do this do that and it gets pretty heavy just to handle all that so i think it's good to
have a guy a good locker room guy just have fun and i like to to clown around kind of like that
and have the guys laugh once in a while yeah uh next time you're eating a cookie on your plane
you might want to see where it came from check the package first if it's uh andre was named one you might want to pass
but all right i think that's a top three chicklet story of all time hilarious i had heard snippets
of it over the years g but like to hear it in person and then he's got the french accent it
just makes it like 10 percent funnier uh just an outrageous story and hey they won the cup so you
can't knock them exactly exactly yeah next up another guy a
controversial fellow we had on mike milbury uh i know not all of our fans are huge fans of his but
i thought it was a great interview and uh he tells the story of his first nhl fight and boy it's a
doozy take it away milbury all right before we go any further here's a word from our friends at
labad blue hey guys andals, lots of things are better
together. Hockey, food, going out for a couple of cocktails and a bunch of other things that I'm
sure Biz could probably chime in on. But if you really want to take things to the next level,
drink some Labatt Blue Lights again with your friends and live life to the power of wheat.
We were up in Buffalo last year for the Chicklets Cup. We'll be back there again.
It's a big Labatt town. Can't wait to get back there.
Hit up the brew house once again because Labatt Blue Light is the good stuff.
So you want to take a page out of the Labatt Blue Light book and enjoy your beers together
so you can live life to the power of we.
We will see you soon, Buffalo.
And to find a Labatt near you, go to labatt.com.
Great stunt.
Cherry tells a story that he was at a meeting for training camp, and one of my buddies from
Colgate, John Hoff, knew Don from Rochester.
He was from Rochester, and he said, look out for this Milbury kid.
He really works hard, and you'll like him.
And apparently, they went through the whole training camp roster, and great, she said
he had a cold that day.
Said, what about this mulberry kid or whatever
and that's how i i made my way onto the training camp roster it was um it was a very interesting
experience to go there without you know anybody having any expectations for me i worked out like
four times a day i was i was in still living Walpole. I went north to Stoneham to play with
some other college guys in the morning, came halfway back and did sprints at a public
skating facility, had a nap, then lifted weights and ran in the evening. So by the time, and that
was the time when guys weren't working out, right? They were getting cheap. There was like a training
camp was like six to eight weeks. So when I there i was way ahead of the curve but i gotta tell you the first thing
that struck me was it was grapes this first year and they had a tournament at bolton the
international and there's heineken on silver buckets at lunchtime, and then everybody goes and plays golf or tennis,
and they come back, and just about everybody was plastered.
I couldn't believe it.
I mean, I had to get out of there.
I had to take a cab home because I was afraid that I was going to join the group,
but it was the next morning, I go into the locker room.
I'm on at the 10 o'clock hour, and I'm there at like 7.50,
and I walked into the locker room, and there's Espo, you know,
and he's fudging with his skates just before 8 o'clock,
and I'm like hiding in the corner.
I don't want to say anything to him.
He's my hero.
But then comes Orr, and he goes up to Espo and says,
Phil, what the fuck are you doing?
We didn't win the cup last year.
You know, there's a brand new coach here
and you're going to be late for the first thing in practice.
Get your ass out there and get your ass out there now.
I knew it was boss right away.
It was just mind-blowing to see that exchange take place.
And he didn't say a word back, right?
No, no.
He was, you know that italian wine started up
right away oh well just get out there phil right but it was um a lot of people at training camp
a lot of bodies to the battle one of them was wayne cashman did one scrimmage we were
facing off against one another puck came around the around the wall, like pinched down, hit him.
Soon enough, the puck came right around the same side,
pinched down, hit him again.
Now he's a little pissed.
Third time, he comes around, pinched down on him,
and boom, up comes the stick.
And not only does the stick come up, the stick comes over,
and it's turned over.
So the blade is pointing down.
Now I know we were serious.
Fortunately, guy stepped in, got out of the way.
Anyway, so I went through training camp, played a few exhibition games for the B squad.
And one of the last games I played exhibition games was in Springfield.
And I'll never forget it because I wish I could think of the guy's name or remember the
guy's name because I got to thank him. We had a power play and I certainly wasn't going to be on
the power play, but I jumped out with a few seconds left. So we had five guys to their four
and a fight broke out. And I went over to Dunn Gibson, who was one of our skill players, and
somebody had grabbed him and I grabbed the other guy.
And the other guy started throwing punches at me.
And I had been in the stands a couple times at Colgate,
but no fights there of very few.
So, anyway, I started hammering him back, and he stopped punching.
I don't know what the hell he was thinking, but he just stopped punching,
and I looked like the toughest mother in town.
And that was a big step in the right direction for me.
I was off to Rochester, and about five, six games later, well into October,
we were playing in Halifax.
That was the home of the Canadiens farm team,
but they had guys like Mario Trombley and Risebro were there.
Pretty good team.
But Tom Johnson, who was the assistant general manager, took me out to the Chateau Halifax
for a moose head beer, and we negotiated a contract literally on a cocktail net.
And that's how my career got started.
Did you even consider like, oh, I got to kind of call an agent or is it like, nope?
No, no.
I'll tell you what I did.
At that time, they had three-way contracts.
They had NHL, AHL, and CHL.
And so Tom tried to slip that one past me.
I said, Tom, I said, Mr. Johnson probably was what I said.
I said, I just came out of Colgate.
I can make more money selling insurance or getting
a job than i can in the chl i'm not putting that in my contract so he took it up which was
my hard-nosed ability to negotiate with him that's unbelievable kind of it sounded to me like it
wasn't even necessarily in your mind like all right to make it i'm gonna have to throw him like
did you kind of know that was the case or was it more that one fight kind of led other people to believe this is going to be one of his
roles because then you got to the nhl and you did it a lot i don't know it just sort of came naturally
and i watched the bruins the bruins were fighting everybody all the time and uh you know they were
role models in a good way back then and And I knew it was somebody my size.
You know, I wasn't going to go unnoticed.
I was 6'2", which 6'2", at that time, was a big guy.
I was not a small guy. But I will tell you, by the way, there were probably a handful of Americans in the game.
Goddamn Canadians were, talk about prejudice, pissed me off.
You know, I had guys come up to me at training camp like bobby
schmutz and slow down kid you're making us look bad you also said what did you do all summer
working a car wash because i wasn't tanned at all but uh it was a struggle to get past to get some
respect from some of those guys and some of it was gained by the fighting aspect of it because i
think people respected that at the time.
Mike, since we're on all the scrapping conversation,
I think one of the most iconic fighting moments
in NHL history was at MSG
when you found your way into the crowd
and started beating a man with his shoe.
One of the best U2 clips of all time.
It's one of the greatest hockey clips of all time.
It's just straight out of the slap shot.
It's kind of like a, well, you know around here because you're living in Milton,
you'd see it every time at Christmas.
It's like seeing the Christmas carol or something.
It's on every year.
You know it's coming.
So, Madison Square Garden at the time was not a very good place to play.
I mean, they'd throw shit at you.
They'd throw batteries or empty bottles
and there was no security getting through the gate at that time you just came in with whatever
you came in with and the glass was low right and it was low yeah so anyway good game two good teams
playing espo had a breakaway with 10 seconds to go. And it was funny, somebody from the stands,
must've been a Bruins fan, threw a tennis ball right in front of Espo when he was going on on
the breakaway. And he missed the shot. He always blames that tennis ball for why he missed the
shot on Cheesy. But anyway, that was 10 seconds to go. The horn sounds like everybody does,
rush out to congratulate the goalie. then because i know it's madison square
garden right off the ice i go right into the locker room it's two days before christmas
we've won the game the budweiser's on ice in the locker room cold we're ready to go
going to be in christmas holiday and nobody follows me in i'm like what the hell and so violet chevers came in and i said
well jerry where is everybody he said there's some sort of beef going on there so you know
teammates do what teammates do i run back i left my gloves my stick everything in the locker room
and i i get to the ice level at Madison Square Garden. You guys know
where the visitors jump up, jump onto the ice. And the stairs are to the left. I never got to
the ice surface. I just walked up the stairs. And I see O'Reilly, McNabb, and a bunch of other guys.
But McNabb's up highest. And he's my buddy. He sits beside him in the locker room. So,
I got to go up there. And he's already got the guy over the chair room so i gotta go up there and you know he's already
got the guy over the chair so his feet are up in the air right and i have no fucking clue why i'm
there what why am i here why am i in this position what happened away from my i was singing christmas
gals to my heart was racing like a thousand beats a minute it was just it was nuts so i you know i gave him a
i just took i don't know what happened there i just had a brain cramp and grabbed his shoe
shitty little penny loafer and hit him on the thigh and you know you would have thought over
the next three days the number of times they saw that that played that you would think that i
committed you know murk it was just it was, they actually did a study at BU. They showed the clip
once and then they asked the students, how many times did he hit him? Most said three, four, five.
Most said, where did he hit him? Most said in the head or upside the face or something like that.
It was one little whack of a penny lover on his leg. So so i got six games no satisfaction really from not being able to smack
the guy by the way down below guys would go into town on some of these other fans they were getting
their licks and really good i i didn't do anything you were the distraction with the shoe and you got
ching you got ching ching five hundred dollars right five hundred bucks you got fined well
i forget what the fine was it was whatever the maximum was but
they did take care of it back then they took care of it we didn't lose any money and we did appeal
it those fans sued us for seven million dollars at the time by the way that got thrown out fortunately
um and we did appeal it it was i guess very close vote. But if you vote to overturn the commissioner's
decision like that, it's tantamount to telling him to resign. It was little twitty John Ziegler
was the commissioner at the time. I can remember him skipping out as he had won.
I mean, love him or hate him, man. Milbury, he's an entertainer. Hey, G.
All right. And one thing you said before we sent it to the interview was, you know,
not a lot of fans liked Mike Milbury when we did this interview but I think a lot of
fans liked him after we did the interview because it was one of those interviews where you'd see all
the comments were like wow I hated this guy but then I listened to this interview and I I kind of
love him now so I think uh I love that interview so much not only because milberry is you know a bruins legend but
mainly just because uh you know so many people turned on milberry and i think that's one of the
coolest things that we can do yeah it happens quite a bit with players and i guess it's a
compliment to us that you know people hate a guy then they listen to him on the show and then they
like him after so i don't little uh nhl spin doctor and over here so next up big z and another
interview i personally was over the moon for it.
We did this back in Boston.
We had our little homecoming weekend here.
He talked about going from junior B to the NHL from getting drafted.
Just an unreal story from Big Z, so we're going to send it over to him right now.
Before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at Peter Millar.
Hey, guys.
Summer is in full swing, and this time of year can definitely bring the heat.
That's why we want to tell you about the new line of performance polos from our friends at Peter Millar.
These polos are made from an incredible performance jersey fabric that keeps you cool even on the hottest days.
4-way stretch and moisture wicking properties make sure that nothing gets in the way of your game.
properties, make sure that nothing gets in the way of your game. These polos also feature UPF protection to block harmful rays from the sun. And with all new colors, patterns, and prints,
this season's lineup is sure to keep you playing and looking your best. Be sure to head over to
petermelard.com slash chicklets to check out the full line of performance apparel.
The practices which we had as
a junior B teams or B leagues
were very late.
So at that point, when I
was cut and I had to play
for different teams which were
away from trenching. And I had to commute.
I had to take trains. I had to take buses.
So I had to go and
I would play one year
in Piestiani, which is about 40.
Isn't that the capital?
No, no, no.
Oh, no, it's Bratislava.
Bratislava.
See, I know my shit, Whit.
Yeah, yeah.
No, Piestany is about, I would say, 45 kilometers from Trencin.
And that was one year I played there.
The next year I played in Dubnica, which is closer.
But I was just basically commuting by trains or buses.
And, you know, when you're on a B squad,
you are having practices after eight squats.
So, you know, there was like, hey, you know,
there is some, you know, 9.30, 10 p.m., you know, open ice.
Okay, let's give it to the B squad.
And that's what we did.
We just skated it
so late so by the time the practice was over you're gas taking i'm taking the train and coming
home at 11 30 midnight and i had to get up at six for seven o'clock school or 705 sometimes you know
so it was like it was tough but you loved it you didn't you and it wasn't even even about making
the a squad or you like you had those or you're just loving the game so much?
You're just enjoying every day in a sense.
I didn't love it, but I didn't want to give up.
I mean, it's a kind of a balance that despite all the, you know,
like I said, challenges or people telling me, you know,
you should give up, you should quit, you should play basketball and you are not good enough and this and that. I just hated to satisfy
them or please them by saying, okay, I had enough. I just kept kind of like believing it. I stick
with it. And, uh, what was very good that, that I had very few people who said, you know, stay with
it. Like, don't listen to them.
You know, it just gives you that little hope.
It gives you that little, you know, a match that you kind of like burn later on.
But I was just like so committed to like prove them wrong
that I said I'm not going to give up.
And eventually it just, you know, it happened.
So you're telling me when you're playing there and for the b team there's
no doubt in your mind that you're gonna find a way to get to the nhl no no i mean i i just had
at that point you nhl that's like yeah that was that was not even like in a picture i mean that
was like for me personally was just like i'm not gonna give up like i didn't know what was ahead
of me so you didn't know't know what the end goal was?
Yeah, I mean, my vision was, or the goal setting was short.
It was like, hey, stick with it, keep working, finish the season,
and be as good as you can, and keep working, keep trying.
You'll never give up.
And then, you know, all of a sudden like i got a break and the break came when we had a game
our b squad we had a game right after the a squad team dupla and we played in trenching
so all the scouts who came to see the a squad um went to the you know buffet or the restaurant the
the ring restaurant and cafeteria,
whatever you want to call it.
And while they were having whatever meal or coffee
and they were making the notes about the players,
we came on the ice for warmup.
They're forced to watch it.
And then all of a sudden they're like,
wait a minute, there's this kid.
He can skate, he's big, he's this.
And they're like, who is this?
Why is he in B-squad?
So all of a sudden,
that word somehow must have spread out. he can skate, he's big, he's this. And they're like, who is this? Why is he in B-Squad? So all of a sudden, like,
that word somehow must have spread out, right?
And now the coach from B-Squad is telling me,
look, like, I'm having scouts,
NHL scouts asking about you.
All of a sudden, my attitude, my hope, my, you know, I was so encouraged.
I was so happy.
I was so motivated.
Like, all of a sudden like what
like okay it's working like it's something right like there is a hope there is hope there is
something right like so i i kind of like you know i got it you know it was a little bit of of that
that reward in a in a in a distance but i i was like listen just just keep going at it and then
it was pretty regular now that that my my dad even was telling me like hey we're getting phone
calls from these people scouts in europe coming and asking me when you're gonna play the game and
they want to come and watch you and so now it's on right like i'm like i'm in the basement i was always working on but i'm like
now i'm going twice as hard you know twice as long and i'm just like i'm extra motivated and
eventually came to the point where we took the registration hockey license as a player
and i got transferred or we we took the light you know the the registration and we went to Sparta Prague.
And I was able to practice with the men's team and play for the Sparta Prague junior A team,
which is like another level from...
Did that mean moving and living there?
Yeah.
I moved.
I was living in Prague.
Did your parents go go is it just you
no just me i was staying in like a one one room one bedroom apartment um was like a size of this
basically hotel room on my own no car 17 17 years old or 17 18 years old yeah yeah went to czech
republic and just uh yeah that was. I just finished basically high school.
I graduated from high school and went right to Prague.
When you're talking off ice, you're in the basement,
was it always lifting, working out, or were you sticking out,
were you shooting pucks, or was it more just like for your body?
Everything.
Yeah.
I was able to, under the guidance of my dad,
develop a pretty basic workout regime.
It was Monday, upper body, Tuesday, shooting, Wednesday, legs, whatever it was.
But I always had three times a day working out.
It was just basically running, biking know skipping shooting pucks it was
just a so we we created different drills different tools and it was constantly uh uh you know working
working working was it in prague where you were maybe i don't know if you were drafted to the whl
but how were you discovered to come over to north america yeah that's a great question so
once i was in prague it was kind of like i said
it was already out there that there's you know a lengthy kid with potential that was it you were
like william wallace you were this like that was it you know there's those cell phones back there
so it's just like there's this guy he's fucking 6 11 7 1 7 8 lightning bolts out of his arse. 50 men. 50. But, yeah, I mean, that's 50 men.
It was like you were a project, but there was so much potential they saw.
He tow dragged 50 men.
I guess so.
But, no, in Prague, directly in Prague was a scout named Karl Pavlik
who basically recorded on VHS tapes.
I remember those.
So he kind of recorded me skating, practicing,
me lifting in the gym,
and he sent those tapes to, obviously, the Islanders.
And Mike saw them,
and Chris Pry was the director of player development.
And based on that tape, I got drafted.
No way.
Yeah, that was it.
Nobody saw me really from  I was under the radar.
At that time, Yuri Hanisch was the agent who was working with another agent here.
And they brought me to the draft.
And basically, they said, look, we believe if we take you to the draft
and you go through the interviews and they see you,
it will bring you up even more and somebody's going to take a chance.
And sure enough, that's what happened.
It was totally unexpected and I was so grateful and honored.
And it was such a privilege to be drafted.
I imagine that 12 months prior to that, I was playing on Junior B team, B squad with 12 guys with no sticks.
Bandy can get the skate sharpened.
And outside the ring with no gloves and just the nets behind the net.
Like, it was just crazy.
Like, it was, I, thinking back now, I was like, what happened?
Like, it's just uh yeah i have so many
like different questions i want to ask from here so so mike milbury saw these videos now do you
still have these vhs tapes i'm sure they're somewhere oh man i would love to see you just
chucking weights as a young guy on these no it was it was yeah i i remember because when I showed up at the men's team in Prague
and we went to the gym, I was pretty much outlifting the men
because I was just so much  I was used to just lifting and being so strong.
So, obviously, these guys were like, this kid must be on steroids.
Like, what is he doing?
Like, this is an 18-year-old kid and lifting this much.
And I was like, yeah, yeah yeah i'm on stairs whatever
and uh so yeah in these days mike saw it and he told me later on that he didn't really want to
take me in the 56 overall but the scouts the swedish scouts convinced him like you got to
take him because if you don't take him i think phoenix was next or somebody was like yeah god
damn it they said like yeah we're gonna we're gonna take him i think phoenix was next or somebody was like yeah god damn it
they said like yeah we're gonna we're gonna take him for sure they had some warning it was my
probably not a swedish guy working for phoenix like we're gonna take him for sure like so they
convinced mike and mike said like okay but he never saw me live he never basically just saw it
you know vhs type so were you drafted to the NHL before you were either drafted or invited to go play in the WHL?
Yes. So it was the Islanders
that probably set that up?
They wanted you to come
over, I'm guessing? So I was already over.
I was in St. Louis.
And then we got a call from
WHL
because I told my
agent, like, I want to
stay here. I don't want to go back. I didn't tell my parents, too, I want to stay here. I don't want to go back.
I didn't tell my parents, too.
I went to the draft.
I had a small bag, one pair of jeans.
Like, I'm staying here.
And I said, I decided right there and then that I'm staying.
I don't want to go back because a number of reasons.
Mainly because if I go back, I'm going to end up,
I have to go serve at that time 18 months
the mandatory
military service
and I didn't have guarantee I'm going to play for Duke
because I already left
I took my registration card
and I went to Czech Republic
so now they would be probably upset
that I left
I would be maybe ending up in different spot
that some base that didn't allow to play hockey would be probably upset that I left yeah I would be maybe ending up in different spot that that
some base that didn't allow to play hockey while you served it so 18 months would go be I'll be
I'll be done like yeah you know and at that time I think that um to ask uh New York Islanders
organization to pay whatever the uh the bounty whatever the fee whatever they need for for me to
to to get me out of it
would be almost impossible, right?
They wouldn't be willing to pay it at that time.
So, yeah, of course.
And then, so I decided to stay.
Of course, you know, a few weeks later, my dad phoned like,
hey, there's like military service looking for you.
Oh, shit.
You deserted the service, the country obligation.
I was like, I know, but this is important.
So I couldn't go back home for two years.
I stayed.
So going back, I got drafted, got a call from WHL,
and Denis Polonich, you might guys know him,
he was a GM at that time for Prince George Cougars.
And he's like, we got to have a, I think it was like third pick or second pick whatever he's like we want to know
if we you know pick you if you come to pg i'm like yeah of course he's like are you sure because you
know i don't know if you know where the pg is i'm like i don't care that's it that's probably the
best case scenario i have been i always heard it's in the middle of nowhere, right?
And I had no idea where it was,
and I didn't care because I just wanted to stay.
I wanted to have a chance and learn the culture,
learn the hockey style, learn the language better.
So I said, yeah, for sure, I'm going to stay.
Okay, so that's what happened.
They chose me.
They picked me for um you know and
i went to uh stay the summer in edmonton had a beautiful billets family uh jonathan aiken family
uh who was high pick for the brooms in 1996 first round so i stay with them um it was a
is a great setup uh worked out at the um edmonton university University with Pete Friesen at that time,
who ended up actually, he was working with the Carolina Hurricanes for a long time
as a strength and conditioning coach.
And then before the season, went to Prince George and played the season in Prince George.
We've got to get to 2011, of course.
During that run, you guys were down 0-2 to Montreal, go to seven games with them,
down two to Vancouver.
Were there any moments of doubt, whether you personally or guys in the room maybe not talking about it but you know it was kind of
a little hairy there yeah and like on the road and after the the Vancouver 0-2 was there something
you said was there something anyone said to really get this thing going again back in Boston the
biggest biggest help for us was to to have Mark Reckie and Sean Thornton with us because they won it.
And I believe Mark Reckie was in the same position
with Carolina being down 0-2.
Don't know against who, but...
Was it Edmonton?
It would have been Edmonton.
Might have been.
And he said, guys, I've been there.
We're okay.
He spoke probably the most which was
awesome to have because none of us been been there and and again we were like just going off that
Philadelphia yeah and then he was like here we go again like no way this is happening again and and
and he was such a calm factor for us and just build the confidence back up to us um so all the credit and kudos go to
to those two guys because they really handle it well for us to kind of like stay calm we're gonna
go to montreal we're gonna take first game and we're gonna break it down to first period second
period third period first period first shift second third shift. And that's how we broke it down.
Literally, shift by the shift.
We couldn't believe it.
It was just like, just these short goals
and one at a time.
And we tied the series
and obviously then ended up winning game seven.
But to have, again, experienced guys
who's been there, who won,
and just to keep that group and that team steady and not panicking.
Were you the type of guy who would get nervous before games?
And if not, were you nervous before that game seven?
Yes.
I always got nervous before the games, but not nervous scared,
but nervous, just excited nervous, right?
And the only game I was not nervous was my first NHL game,
going back to 1997.
I don't know why.
Maybe just so excited.
I was just like, okay, what do I have to lose?
Detroit Red Wings, Stanley Cup champions.
Oh, here we go.
Federov, Lindstrom, Larionov.
Minus four.
No, actually, I've been plus two that game.
Oh, shit.
Suck on that.
I've never been plus two.
You're not talking about yourself.
He has a game sheet at home.
I have a game sheet.
I play like less than 10 minutes.
But we won, actually.
3-1, that game.
But yeah, since then, every game, I got some butterflies.
I was nervous.
I was just serious. I was just very. Like I was just like, you know, just serious.
I was just very serious and always kind of ready for the game.
And because, you know, I'm facing the best players in the world.
That's my task.
Like that line, that player.
It was just, I never felt comfortable enough to be going into the game like,
oh, this is going to be easy.
Because as soon as you start doing that, you're done.
You're like minus three in first period. Like you you're just not your pre-draft interview with
mike milbury he asked can you fight do you remember what your answer was back to him i don't i think
you took your shirt off and challenged you want to go mike that's why you said better not to fuck
with me and you want him over with that yeah okay no no no no um now i remember see now i remember i said better not piss me off
i think okay same that's the boston translation yeah yeah yeah when the athletic i think i
remember yeah now i remember see but wasn't my could be my cam well he's he's notorious for his
uh his interviews with draft picks we had terry ryan who came on a very different uh type of story
we don't need to get into it.
So at Prince George, like you just told Biz, you fought before.
Were you getting challenged a lot by guys because you were a bigger guy?
You know, your skating hadn't been fully refined yet.
Were guys coming at you frequently?
Yeah, it was, you know, I think the first, you know,
whatever, five to ten games I must have had a fight pretty much in every game.
You know, I remember that there was a i guess the the standard that i had to set that you know ronald because ronald petrovic was on
that team and he said look like they're gonna challenge you you're gonna get challenged there's
gonna be guys like rob skerlak scott parker you know it would be it would be coming they
yeah so i was like all right like i i knew that i'll be challenged
and i knew that for me to again make a progress i gotta answer the bell and i gotta i gotta show
them that i'm not gonna be pushed around and i'm gonna be standing up sticking up for myself and
my teammates and so yeah first whatever um i must have fights in every game were you fearful like
did you like you know it was coming like let's say pregame nap were you like no no I I
didn't know and that was probably good thing I I didn't know these guys I was
like okay well somebody okay so yeah I was like so but then you know it's Lee
like as you go through the first rounds of fights and you know through the league
then you go okay so this guy is obviously
much bigger strong and these guys you know different type of fighters so you kind of like
prepare mentally for that type of a game but i remember my first fight i didn't even have my
arms up you know ronald is screaming at me from the bench put your arms up put your arms up i'm
kind of like going to the fight and i'm like swinging my arms like Conor McGregor I'm going towards the guy he's like so he's like you gotta I mean I did well
in that fight I you know I believe I won the fight but but then he's like listen you gotta
put your arms up like you gotta actually set you know so then he was actually the next one
they're over your head yeah no it's in front of you. Yeah, I remember that.
So it's kind of like these little things.
Yeah.
That's amazing.
Did many of them come back for seconds or did they learn their lesson the first time?
No, it was, I have so much respect for the guys I fought,
regardless where.
You know, it was a tough league.
You know, the dub was very, very tough.
I believe at that time you know
probably toughest league from the cues and oh oh chilling uh you know it was it was definitely
w had probably every team had two three guys that could fight like heavyweights who end up being
actually at some point in the nhl as enforcers When you ended up you know becoming like the Norris Trophy
all-star say you were 240-245 at that point were you still much lighter like when did you become
the size you are now in terms of the overall build? So I was very careful adding my weight
just because I knew that I didn't want to slow down I didn't want to slow down. I didn't want to weight cause me being,
or the weight being an issue of kind of causing me more bad than good.
So I remember I was in Prince George, I was 237.
And then I remember in New York, I was about 247.
So in the span of maybe a year and a half, I gained 10 pounds,
which is not bad, right?
And then slowly, you know, 250.
I think the heaviest I've ever been was 263.
All right, guys, before we go any further, let's talk about Bolero.
Wednesday marks the start of one of our best summer events,
the Bastu Bolero Invitational.
Bolero is the world's largest owner and operator of bowling centers with over 325 locations throughout the United States,
currently in 34 states. Bolero is known for reinventing one of America's oldest pastimes
into a new and unforgettable experience with modern and beautifully designed venues,
expansive arcades, premium signature cocktails, and a creative menu.
Joining the Invitational is easy.
Enter your name and visit any Bolero location near you and bowl for your chance to be entered to win the ultimate grand prize,
which includes tickets to the football and basketball championships,
plus a trip to the Bastu Bolero Invitational finale in Chicago on August 9th.
Many will bowl, only one will win.
Join Barstool talent on July 12th at Chelsea Piers in New York City to participate in the
Barstool Bolero Invitational, take pitches, and get some free Barstool sports merch.
Visit www.bolero.com slash Barstool to learn more about the Barstool Bolero Invitational
starting July 12th.
Participation is open until July 23rd.
No skill is required.
All participants have an equal chance of winning.
To find a participating center near you, visit www.bolero.com slash barstool.
Just great stuff from Zdeno Char.
If you haven't listened to that whole interview, I suggest you do.
I mean, everyone seems like a favorite this year, but Big Z was awesome.
So give that a whirl if you have not.
And next up, boy, Paul Biznasty, Biznet, with yet another crazy idea.
If it's not talking about competing with the NFL on Sundays, Biz says that beer league players should play in preseason games.
Just go to Biz.
Let's just go to Biz.
Let him tell it.
Okay.
So, Whit, should we mention this group chat that we had going today in which kevin hayes said i'm the dumbest person in the
world the national make me happy hockey league you gotta you gotta read some of these texts i'll go
i'll go through this quickly okay let me try to read this real quickly and this all goes back to
the fact that i said if they're gonna e-bugs during the regular season,
why not have a couple beer leaguers for each team on deck,
you know, waiting to play if somebody goes down in preseason
rather than throwing in an unwarm, you know,
guy that, you know, has an opportunity to maybe make the team.
Like, it's already a shit show.
You're halfway through the game.
Put some beer leaguers in there for our entertainment.
So the chat is me biz
hazy and keith and hazy writes biz the fact that you think a beer leaguer should play be able to
play in a pre-season is so ridiculous it actually may be one of the most insane things you've said
since the pod started i said i said even worse than my pk thing PK for Hall of Fame. He says PK for Hall of Fame isn't crazy.
He said, but imagine a kid who has a chance to make the team gets less ice time for a beer leaguer because biz wants to be entertained.
Hey, this is the NHL, but we allow beer leaguers to play on national television.
Biz says that they do it in the regular season with a picture of David Ayers.
He goes, how is this not crazier?
He says, that's a goalie, and that's all predetermined.
A player can't go in net, but players can double shift.
You can't just be like, okay, Biz, you've only played 38 seconds tonight.
You strap on the pads.
So all of a sudden, Yandel comes in.
Imagine some dirt ball from Quincy getting to play for the Bruins and they are playing the
Leafs and whoever he hates, he goes
out and smashes a stick over
Austin Matthews' head.
But at least Biz got to watch
it though.
There is a couple other ones too, I think.
Yeah, Gantz goes, yeah, you got too
many men on the ice. The coach has to
coach with his horn out.
Like if you don't make it past
the ladies to you in golf oh just so biz can be entertained oh that was funny well i mean you got
if you listen to the podcast you know i got some dumb fucking takes i don't give a shit hey i can't
even speak english you're an absolute take quick.
It's great, though.
Yeah.
I mean, we're having fun here.
But, hey, I would like to get a poll going, Grinnell.
How many people would like to see the beer leaguers out there rather than seeing them play short or throwing a guy who's like an AHL out there for a period and a half who's not even warm?
I'll post it now.
I'll post it now, and I'll give you the results at the end of the pod.
The argument that a beer leaguer could try to injure somebody
on the other team is actually pretty valid.
Yeah, when I saw that come through, I was like,
oh, I never considered that.
I never considered that.
Speaking of non-pros mixing with the pros,
how about that clip from the weekend?
That idiot ran on the field with the red flare,
and Bobby Wagner and the Rams absolutely fucking trucked him. Did you see it, Biz? I sent the link. How about that clip from the weekend that idiot ran on the field with the red flare and Bobby Wagner and the Rams
absolutely fucking trucked him. Did you see
it, Biz? I sent the link. Oh, yeah.
I mean, what an idiot. And then the fan, he
filed the police report.
Oh, I saw that. I didn't know if it was the same
story. He's like suing them, isn't he?
Yeah, he's trying. It's like, dude, you trespassed with a
fucking dangerous situation. These guys don't know what you're
fucking out there for. He truck-sticked them,
knocked them down, and now this guy's going to try to
Presume he's going to try to sue. I hope they fucking
Chuck that right out to him. Who cares? The NFL
Has got billions and billions. Give them a couple hundred
Grand for entertainment
Fuck them. Put them in an
NHL preseason game
Yeah, that would actually be good
Then put a couple NFL guys on the other team too
Once again, Biz, I mean
Nothing more to add there. He's just an absolute beauty A doozy, whatever name you want to call him He's a treat to listen to and that's why we have guys on the other team too. Once again, Biz, I mean, nothing more to add there. He's just an absolute beauty,
a doozy, whatever name you want to call him. He's a treat
to listen to, and that's why we have him on the show.
All right, so that's going to wrap up our
best of the past season here. Once again,
we can't thank our fans enough. I know we did last
week. We could do it every week because, again,
with nothing without you guys and gals, you guys
give us the lifeblood to keep doing this every
week, so hopefully you're enjoying your summer,
and also thanks to all the interviewees we had this year,
everyone we just dropped this episode as well.
It's been a doozy of a summer, so hopefully you're having fun,
and we'll be back next week with a fresh new interview.
Over and out.
