Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 459 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on everyone? Hopefully you're enjoying the summer, starting to wind down a little bit, so got some good interviews still to go, but let's check in with fellas first across the pond the mer matt murley what's going on big guy what's up ra i
gotta say you were the star of the show i i paid the ten dollars i got the pay-per-view from the
awards you guys looked amazing i loved what you saw shauno our videographer was definitely the
best dressed out of our crew. The red velvet jacket.
Shout out to Sean for that.
And you knocking over the water thing was the best thing I saw the whole time.
But I want to know what went beyond, like, behind the scenes.
What did I miss from you guys?
I want to hear all about that.
So get it going.
We'll dive right into it.
Mikey Grinelli, what's going on?
The Chicklets crew.
Yeah, we had a little reunion in Boston last week.
We had the 20th anniversary.
Boston Awards.
Never did anything quite like this before. Great time. Grinelli, great to see you. We had a pretty good in Boston last week. We had the 20th anniversary Barstool Awards. Never did anything quite like this before.
Great time.
Grinnelli, great to see you.
We had a pretty good week last week, pal.
Yeah, I mean, incredible week from a Barstool standpoint,
from a spit and chiclet standpoint.
I mean, we're working on this college hockey project.
I don't want to dive too much into it, but we filmed that on Monday.
Tuesday, we filmed a sandbagger, Jack Eichel, Noah Hannafin.
Wednesday, we did a bunch of interviews,
Dave Portnoy, Tuka Rask.
And then we had the Barstool Awards that night.
So an awesome week for Barstool,
an awesome week for Spittin' Chicklets,
just a terrible week for Mike Grinnell,
like a horrible week for Mike Grinnell.
I got my credit card stolen.
Just a brutal, brutal, brutal awakening,
basically, where I order room service. And about five minutes after I order room service, I get a call. And the call is, Hey, Mr. Grinnell, we know you just ordered room service, but your credit
card didn't go through. And this is a call on the hotel phone. So I answered the hotel phone. Hey, Mr. Grinnell, you know,
your credit card didn't go through. You know, if you do want your room service, you're going to
have to give us your credit card number. I'm like, that's weird because like work, work,
book the hotel room. So it was like a work card that was put down. So I don't see how it could
be declined. But I was like, all right, here's my debit card here.
Pay for the food on this.
So I end up going to the barstool awards.
I eat my food, end up going to the barstool awards.
And then the next morning at breakfast, I'm talking to Pasha.
And Pasha's like, dude, the weirdest thing happened to me yesterday.
He's like, I ordered room service. And then immediately after I ordered room service,
some lady called and asked for my credit card number.
Gee, I'll never forget your face.
10 seconds into that story, I'm like, yeah, I ordered room service.
Get this call.
And as I'm telling this, your face just drops.
You went white.
And I'm like, what's wrong?
You're like, dude, the same thing happened to me.
And I'm like, check your banking app right now.
And he opens it up and he's just been getting rinsed like every hour on the hour.
Yeah, so that night they just dropped bank at Domino's.
They dropped like 80, 90 bucks at Domino's.
They loaded up on Domino's.
And then since then, I canceled the credit card.
I locked the credit card.
But since then, it's been like Domino's, Papa John's, Uber Eats, like 70
transactions they've tried to make. And they're just riling up this... I mean, the card is locked
now, but they just keep going at my card. It's insane. But this has to be an inside job at the
hotel, right? Oh, yeah. Well, thank God I had the alerts from my bank because five minutes after the call,
I get a text being like, hey, we noticed a suspicious charge. It was like 480 at some
health co. 9849, some sketchy named company. So right away, I click no, and it locked my card.
But if I didn't get that text, I probably would have been like, gee, just thousands of dollars
of Domino's getting a rents to having no clue. Yeah. If you never told me either if we if you never told me at breakfast that day they would still just be running up a tab on my
account because it was my like debit card i don't get the text from that card so i was like
you saved me you ordering insane amounts of fast food is nothing to be surprised so that's why the
bank didn't call you where where pasha it's that health company they're like something's wrong here
yeah they're like 90 in dominoes that's a typical order from grinnell we'll just let it play yep but g and
i were talking i mean like like you said in hindsight it's like kind of suspicious and weird
even in the moment you think it but when you get a call in your like hotel room phone it like you're
not really thinking you're getting scammed but like the only way we could think it's possible
is they must have had someone lurking in the restaurant by the computer where they punch in the orders and seeing a room
service order come in and then calling the front desk being like, hey, can I speak to so-and-so
in room whatever, and then running that scam. And God knows how many other people they hustle.
I want to catch these people though. So I was thinking of like,
I have the exact time that the credit card was declined at
all of these different restaurants. So if I call up that Papa John's and I'm like, Hey, at 7pm,
can you go look at your security cam footage and tell me and send me a picture of the person
who was trying to buy 10 pizzas and their credit card got declined? Because that was my credit
card. Yeah, we should start an investigation.
Let's go back to the awards, though, G.
I got to say, a lot of people dressed like their jobs were on the line,
which is to say they look great.
Boston will clean up really, really nice, man.
I mean, you look great.
That suit you had on, a little square, what is it?
Pocket square.
Yeah, you were looking fresh, man.
I thought everybody looked good.
The vibe was good.
And to have all the talent, all the same people on the one roof,
it was a great time.
And, yeah, when we get to my award,
I won the most disgusting display of athleticism.
I don't know if you say I won it,
but I had no idea if I was nominated or going to win anything.
So when I got up there, I actually kind of got a little frazzled
because I was like, oh, shit, I won slash lost.
So I didn't have my thoughts together. And they had the water cooler. If you're familiar with
Dave Portnoy's press conferences, it's an old water bubbler with the microphone
basically taped to it. So I get up there and the stand was just off. Like I'm tall and I was trying
to adjust it. And I just knocked the thing over. People thought it was a bit because I was winning
the award for disgusting athleticism and that tied into it no not at all I had no idea the thing was gonna fall and then you know I just wanted to give
props to Dave uh like I said he you know we're all there basically because of him and you know
he's changed all lives and you know people have their opinions of him and you'll hear him hear
from him in a little bit but you know we're team Dave all the way and I just wanted to give him a
little shout out but it was just a great night to be with all those folks just an all-time moment
all right and we had an awesome table just sitting there. I think it was
the Chiclets guys. We had Kevin Hayes. We had Kirk Minahan. So when that happened, it was just
it was pandemonium. Basically, it was so funny. It's like the Dundies, basically, if you watch
The Office and they have their own work awards, you know what I mean? They just make them up as
they're going along. One thing I kind of want to point out is just I thought the best moment of the award show was
when Frank the Tank got called up there and Frank did his speech and was basically like,
I was a court clerk. I went to school for broadcasting. It took years and years,
but I never gave up. And then he looks out into the crowd and he's like, never give up.
Everyone's giving him a standing oh it was
that was awesome and then big cat posted it with like the music behind it and it's almost like
emotional like watching yeah watching that video of frank and it was just uh i think the my biggest
synopsis of the of the whole event was it's just crazy how many many different walks of life there are of people at Barstool.
There's just so many different types of people and it all comes together and makes this unbelievable company.
And I don't know about you, R.A., and Murr, you as well, but I feel as motivated as I've ever felt to work for this company because just there's a vibe right now.
There's something in the air at this company.
I think it's, you know, we said it last pod
when Dave bought the company back.
It's just, there's something going on right now
and it just makes me want to work and grind even harder
for Dave and Erica and the whole company.
Yeah, a lot more bouncing the step by everybody
because, you know, we know that basically
a corporate entity isn't going to come down
and pee-pee whack us for saying things
we've been saying for 15, 20 years.
So it's definitely, definitely liberating.
Also, 2G, it's how many people have those like sliding door moments like like Frank, for example, like if his voice doesn't crack in that interview, does he go get as viral?
Does he get as much exposure? Because the voice crack was the key thing.
Or if he leaves five minutes earlier, he catches his train or me. If I'm not on Twitter or you with the email,
just everybody just has this kind of crazy story to end up at Boston in the long run.
But back to you, Merle, you didn't watch the awards live.
You said, would you catch it the next day?
Yeah, it came out at two in the morning.
So I went on the next day and watched it.
And it was it was entertaining.
I loved it.
And I just just knowing you guys, you know, it's not scripted.
Like I knew that wasn't scripted by you.
So I thought it was so funny. And then you talked about Frank the Tank. That's the same thing, i knew that wasn't scripted by you so i thought it was so funny and then you talked about frank to tank that's the same thing too he wasn't planned
to be up there so that was just him talking right off the cuff off the heart and uh that was a lot
of fun nate's monologue there was was out of control i was like savage that was like he does
he does he have pictures of dave or something that's why he knows he can get away with some
of that stuff or what but i would not have said like that's that's what the dog is like that's
that's Nate dog that people don't get to see every day that was unbelievable I thought his
his monologue Francis's monologue and the best part about Nate's is is like it wasn't it wasn't
in the script of the like he just did that on his own which is kind of crazy uh but francis killed
it too i thought francis was unbelievable yeah i felt a little bit like a comedy central roast
there when those two guys were up nate when he put the mask on i was like oh boy what's he doing
and i don't care if he wrote him or someone else from he fucking whammy that place but that's you
know that's all in the spirit of bostel maybe a little real old school is just busting balls and
you know i think i don't think anybody had their underwear out of sorts afterwards. Everything,
everyone took it as a joke because it was funny, man. Some actual daggers going down.
Before we go any further, guys, you know, it's Pink Whitney season. Yes, summer's coming to an
end, but Pink Whitney season is all year long. Summer, fall, winter, spring, it doesn't matter.
It's Pink Whitney time of year.
That's how I look at it.
And I'll say this, I've talked about the beach
and the lake and the golf course,
and yes, summer's over, Labor Day's coming,
which Labor Day parties, don't sleep on Labor Day parties.
Don't sleep on Pink Whitney nips
or Pink Whitney big bottles frozen
with maybe an ice luge, always a nice touch.
Think of that at your Labor Day party.
But college football and pro football is around the corner.
And from my learning experience, I've been to one Georgia game.
I'm a Georgia Bulldog guy.
Pink Whitney was ripping at the tailgate.
So if you're looking at a tailgate, if you're an SEC school,
a Big Ten school, Pac-12 school, Pac-12 is probably soon going to be dead.
But right now, Pink Whitney's alive.
So I think you freeze some bottles, you get some nips, you go to the tailgate, you're
the guy chucking around some drinks.
And all of a sudden, everyone's like, oh, that's Pink Whitney guy.
That's Pink Whitney guy.
No, it's not Pink Whitney guy who made the drink, but it's the guy who drinks the drink
and then passes it to everyone else.
So that's my thought process.
Shout out to New Amsterdam for making Pink Whitney.
Shout out to all the loyal, amazing listeners we have for drinking it.
And I know I've been all over the summer, but times are a changing.
So we go to the next season and we go to the next Pink Whitney drink.
Enjoy yourselves responsibly.
Shout out New Amsterdam, Pink Whitney.
It's where it's at.
Let me see.
Where did we end up after that?
Fenway Local, right?
Gee, did you go back there for a couple of cocktails?
Yeah, that was a good spot.
It was good to see Nick Malafronte, a buddy who had a hockey accent a few years back.
He's a little potty animal.
He likes to get at it.
It was just great just seeing everybody, talking to everybody.
Like I said, if there was one negative on the night, gee, it was that we just didn't
have enough time to catch up with everybody because there were so many people.
And, you know, Jamie Chisholm was there, one of the original four bloggers at Barstool.
And, you know, just catching up with all these people.
It was good night.
Good night.
Great times.
And hopefully we do it again another 20 years.
Do we?
I saw I saw Fish and Posh and Sean running around.
Is there going to be a vlog coming out with all the all the stuff from behind the scenes?
Yeah.
So we got a vlog dropping on Wednesday this week.
It kind of details our whole week in Boston.
You know, from the sandbag, our RA put on an absolute show at this sandbag.
When I say, like, my face hurt when we were leaving from laughing so hard.
This was like an all-time RA content piece.
So we have a sandbagger coming.
I mean, it's all in the vlog.
It's behind the scenes at the award show.
We were doing some Fuck, Marry, Kill
with Biz Whitten RA.
So a lot of fun stuff coming in the vlog
that comes out on Wednesday.
Nice.
Nice.
Yeah.
Can't wait to check that out.
Merle, what's shaking across the pond?
A little nugget for us this week or what?
Yeah, well, we're getting closer and closer to the season.
But interesting story. I blogged about it. I don getting closer and closer to the season, but an interesting story.
I blogged about it.
I don't know how many people saw it,
but it's come over now.
It's Kenny Agostino.
He played in the KHL the last two years,
but he signed before the war.
So he was over there, played the year,
told everybody he was trying to get out of the contract
for the second year,
because he didn't want to go back
because of the whole situation. So he ended up having to go back and play but this Swedish
team Shaleftia they told everybody we're not signing KHL players you know blah blah blah this
was way back in the end of the season so Kenny Agostino comes around and they decide to sign him
and what they said was well he tried to get out of the contract.
So, you know, he's a good guy.
He's a good guy either way, but he tried to get out of contract.
We can sign him.
Their fans go bananas.
They're tweeting at the team.
It's all the hardcore fans are saying they're not going to come
support the team anymore.
They're not going to go to the games because they all think it's like
blood money, you know, because the KHL is run by the government.
It's run by Putin.
So everybody got all upset about this.
But he's American, though, too, though.
Yeah, he's an American, but they just like they didn't want any part
of anyone that played in the KHL during last season.
So they made a big stink about it.
It lasted 48 hours.
I don't even know if he flew over here, but they canceled the contract.
He's not going to play for that team. He tried to go to a couple other teams. They didn't even know if he flew over here, but they canceled the contract. He's not going to play for that team.
He tried to go to a couple other teams.
They didn't want him. So it's
the first player I've seen where
coming from the KHL and there's an
issue. So it's going to be something to see over the next
couple years
how teams are going to react to that. So I thought
that was kind of interesting.
And speaking of the KHL,
they're starting on Friday RA. So if you want to start getting your action ready.
And I got a little tidbit, a little tidbit that maybe the books,
that the sports books aren't going to know about,
that they're not going to be ready for.
So an EBR rule, number 10,
is when there's a fresh ice for the power play starting the period,
I like to take that team to score next.
So it's going to be even easier this year in the KHL,
because if a team is on the power play to start a period,
they're going to have the face off in the offensive zone.
Wow.
So,
you know how like normally in a penalty,
it goes down there.
So even after the intermission.
So if you can keep an eye on those games,
when there's a power play,
you're going to get fresh ice and an offensive zone.
So that's only going to help their chances to score.
Jesus.
But speaking of contracts, I feel like we're kind of burying the lead here.
Austin Matthews signed a giant extension this past week.
R.A., why don't you dive into that?
Yeah, four-year extension, 53 million.
It comes out to 13.25 million for each year, average annual value. A full no-move
clause as well. What was interesting to me, only 3.35 million is base salary. 49.6 million is
all signing bonuses, which I'm sure there's a good reason for it, but that jumped out at me
pretty crazy. And gee, when the deal expires, he's only going to be 30 years old. He'll actually
turn 31 a couple months later. So what was your initial reaction on this, G?
Were you shocked about where you thought it might come in,
thought maybe a few more years?
What was your take?
No, I don't think any of us were really shocked
after having a couple drinks with Judd down in Nashville.
I think we knew this deal was getting done.
It was only just a matter of time when.
I have a hot take, boys, and I said this in Boston,
and it,
it actually pains me to say this,
but I think the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley cup this year.
Wow.
I do.
And I'm not,
I'm not saying that to pander.
I'm not,
I just,
I love everything that this team did this off season.
I'm not a fan of the team, but I just, I love, you know,
adding Bertuzzi, adding Ryan Reeves, adding Max Domi,
locking up Austin Matthews.
So there's no distractions heading into the season.
Do they still need help on the back end with goalie and defense?
Absolutely.
That can be acquired at the deadline.
I just, there's just something in the pit of my stomach that's telling me,
this is the year, All-Star Games in Toronto, it's their season,
they win the Stanley Cup this year, and it pains me to fucking say it.
Wow. Merles, what's your take on this deal?
Yeah, I think it's a good deal for both sides.
I really thought Austin was going to move on.
I thought he was going to try to get to LA,
but maybe when they got Dubois, that ended that idea.
But now I just feel like now
Nylander is definitely probably gone.
They can't sign
both of them, right? So now maybe you move
Nylander to get that D you're talking about.
Gee, I like the Leafs too.
I won't go as far as saying win the
cup, but I will be backing them. I think
they can make a serious run.
I don't see Florida being as good as they were.
Tampa, they took care of them last year.
Boston won't be as good.
So it's going to be,
I don't think it's that hard in the East for them.
Maybe the Devils will give them their hardest game.
And real quick,
I think for years it's been kind of widely known
that Pat Brisson is the NH nhl agent he's the big
dog in the nhl judd's in that conversation now i mean this guy has 330 million dollars in active
contracts he has connor mcdavid he has austin matthews zach warensky roman yosi this guy has
everyone he's he's judd is taking over the agent game.
And it's awesome because he's the best guy in the world.
My agent when Pat Bersan was my agent at one point in my career, I would get like emails from Judd.
I'm like, who's this guy?
It must be like a secretary.
Like, who is this pigeon?
Fast forward 20 years.
He's a power agent.
Got all the best players.
He's an unreal guy.
That's so cool to hear, though, and see, too, because so many people have said that.
I think Witt said that.
You've said that.
They're like, yeah, Judd used to just be so low in the industry.
And he worked his way all the way up.
And guys, 330 million in active contracts.
That's fucking bananas.
Wow.
4 goes to the agent.
Yeah, like you said,
he is a great guy,
so everybody roots for Judd.
He's a hell of a guy
to hang out with.
Next time we are in Toronto, man,
it's going to be the All-Star game.
It's going to be a slobber knock
when we get up there for that.
What do you think of the deal, R.A.?
It's about right about where I figured,
you know, 13 and a quarter mil.
I mean, obviously,
the cup's going to go up.
Hopefully, it's going to go up
six, seven million over the next three or four years, they're saying. Yeah, I figured, you know, 13 and a quarter mil. I mean, obviously the cup's going to go up. Hopefully it's going to go up six, seven million over the next three or four years.
They're saying, yeah, I mean, he's going to be the highest guy in the league,
highest paid guy in the league until the next contract comes down,
whether it's, you know, McDavid or whoever.
But yeah, I think it's great value for Toronto,
right about where I expected it to be.
But it's going to be interesting to see, like, just who goes higher from here.
You know what I mean?
Because I think I saw the highest percentage a contract has taken up for a team salary cap was Ovechkin when he signed his deal initially.
I think I want to say it was like 19 of the cap.
It was pretty high, but that's been the highest percentage that one contract has taken up on a team's cap since.
And Matthews isn't anywhere near that.
So it's going to be interesting to just see all this money coming in
for these guys the next few years and how they're going to balance
their rosters out and stuff.
Because it's not just getting the players, man.
You've got to balance that money, as we all know.
Because we've got to keep track of that, the average annual value,
all that stuff.
Gets my brain a little scrambled.
I was kind of talking to Merles earlier a bit about this,
and I'd love to hear your guys' opinion.
Who do you guys think is the best contract in the NHL now?
I mean,
not that Austin Matthews is probably in that category because he's the
highest paid player,
but I'd love to hear from you guys,
like overall value,
everything like,
who do you guys think is the absolute best contract in the NHL?
One guy jumps out at me right away is dry cycle.
He's making eight,
8.5 or something right now.
And I mean that guy he
does it all he does power play penalty kill he's getting 50 goals people say oh it's because he
plays with McDavid but he's he'd be putting up numbers similar to that playing with anybody
else too and he plays a lot on when they're split apart they play on separate lines he still is
dominant and some nights he's better than McDavid we've seen. So him at 8.5, I really like.
And then the one that our boy Barbashev just signed with Vegas for 5 million.
Another one, just because of the style he plays, not a lot of guys play that.
And if he's scoring like he did in the playoffs,
then that's a really nice looking deal for a 5 million guy.
You know what's the contract I think everyone forgets?
Brad Marchand, 6.125
million a year. Took the words right
out of my mouth. That's exactly what I was going to say.
He's got two years left at that
price, too. He's a huge
bag. Honestly, Crosby,
8.7. That's pretty cheap for
that guy. He's a 12-13
million play easily with the skill,
his resume. He's fucking 36,000
too, man man those guys got
old quick him and boshan's 35 jesus christ yeah i bet marchand plays out this contract and then
he's done i wouldn't be surprised if he plays the two more years and then he hangs them up
pasha's in the chat of course yelling for jack hughes which that's a decent one too that's gonna
that's gonna be not so good today but i mean in in four years or whatever
it's he still had eight million that's gonna be sick i mean i think even today i mean he
he had 99 points this past year like eight mil for a guy who's getting 99 points i'll take that
any day of the week but just imagine in four years when he's putting up 120 points for that
and everybody else is going to be making the 13 that Matthews is. Exactly. Yeah. Well, he's the guy who said,
if not everybody, everybody has to take a little less to win.
That was the Crosby quote from that interview.
So it's going to be interesting, though,
just to see how it plays out when these teams are doling out this kind of dough.
Speaking of superstars,
I think we should probably go to our interview with superstar blogger,
superstar entrepreneur.
I know a lot of you out there might not be familiar with Dave Portnoy, El Presidente, or maybe you are. I don't know. Maybe you read some articles about
him. But I suggest listen to the interview, man. You get a real good idea of what kind of guy Dave
is and his mindset and how he went from a four-page free newspaper 20 years ago to a huge multimedia
conglomerate worth a half a billion dollars. It's quite a story.
So we're going to send it over to El Presidente Dave Portnoy right now.
Listen and enjoy.
This interview is brought to you by Chevy.
Chevy has convenient ways to research and shop electric vehicles online.
When you're researching, utilize Chevy MyWay.
You'll get vehicle specialists and hosts that'll give you a virtual tour and help answer all your questions, especially someone like me.
I'm not much of a gearhead, don't know a lot about cars, so I need all the help I can get, and Chevy is fantastic for it.
And when you're ready, you're able to buy online by reviewing available EV inventory or build your own at participating dealers.
That's unreal.
Feels like a little kid putting your car together.
Boom.
Chevy hooks it up.
You can do as much or as little of the buying process online
with help from a Participate in Dealer.
You can also configure finance and lease payments,
apply for credit, upload documents,
and finalize your purchase through our secure checkout process.
This stuff's unbelievable, man.
I'm terrible with numbers.
I need all the help I can get, so this is unbelievable to help me out going through the
process. I mean, it sounds like you're buying groceries online, but no, it's a Chevy EV.
And you can even schedule vehicle delivery at home or at the dealership. This stuff is
unbelievable. If you'd prefer to purchase the traditional way in person, the Nationwide Dealer
Network is available to help you as well if you want to go the old-fashioned way. And you can learn more at chevy.com slash
electric. Well, this is the first time we've had this guest on the show. 20 years ago when
newspapers were dying off daily, this guy started his own paper that centered around sports,
gambling, and women. A legendary blog would soon fall.
Then came expansions to other cities.
And eventually, Barstool Sports would become an internet behemoth.
He sold the company for half a bill, then later bought it back for 1.
Thanks a bunch for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Dave Portnoy.
What's up, Prez?
A behemoth.
I heard that.
Thank you, Rear.
Had nothing to do with women in the beginning, Rear.
Get your facts straight.
But thank you.
Thanks for the intro.
That's what my mind is.
This is the first time you've been on the show.
That's crazy.
That's nuts.
I thought you'd been on before, but it was just when you suspended R.A. that one time.
When did I suspend him?
He was buckled.
What was it?
The podcast safety?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's because he got buckled during a podcast.
Yeah.
He made a video and sussied his ass.
Kind of like Brandon Shanahan would do for the, what was it?
Department of Podcast Safety.
Department of Podcast Safety.
Thank you, Mike Grinnell.
Done so much shit, I barely even remember that.
Seriously, man.
I mean, 20 years now.
Do you want to start from the get-go or why are you here?
How do you want to start?
Well, I don't know, R.A. You you're the host you tell us all right we're here
because it's the 20th anniversary awards dave i have no idea what to expect tonight like this is
obviously unprecedented where like the idea come for an anniversary thing like this to have awards
as well yeah it wasn't my idea at all so this is uh from what i've gathered a pen idea when we're
still owned by pen they wanted a schmooze fest for some VIPs.
And I was just, I was kind of checked out.
I don't want to say totally, but a lot.
And they're like, hey, we're doing this award show, 20th anniversary.
Will you show up?
The original concept that I've been saying on my way out,
I want to do like a big event, an evening of hate with Dave Portnoy,
where I just crucify everybody that I had issues with,
that I had to
bite my tongue oh you don't do that normally no I had been he wants to go like oh okay yeah yeah
there's people is that what this journal's about no that's just keeping notes I have a it's on my
phone my notepad my hate list uh but I I couldn't do that because we were still panning and things
I say can get us in trouble so I'm, I can't do the evening of hate.
And then they turn it into this award show. We've done one before, like three years ago, four years ago,
the Duncan Awards.
But that's how this came about.
I don't really give a fuck.
I mean, 20 years is a long time.
But it wasn't like I was sitting in my house being like,
oh, I need a sentimental 20th party.
No.
And it's not even over.
It's kind of just beginning, I feel like.
But the Duncan Awards was kind of just beginning i feel like but but the the
duncan awards was kind of a legendary moment because i'm in a moment i mean it was you snapped
and actually we were talking about jeff d lowe who's created a great franchise that does and he
was done i think if his partner wasn't there four minutes on the radio they were right the next day
and it was people didn't dress up and now everyone's going to be dressed up ready to go
tonight but i'm curious because kfc tweeted out this is kind of a powder keg and you said that
like what's the the thesis behind what's going on and why well the powder keg yeah so since i've
gotten back the company which is like i don't know two weeks now i've dove right back into a lot of
things i really hadn't been paying attention to. Numbers, sales, you name it.
Like things that, you know, I just was kind of on my island, slowly doing my thing.
I'm back in the weeds.
And we're doing this event.
And our entire fucking company is at it.
Like you guys are coming.
Anyone who's ever worked here.
Busting with the boys, million dollars worth of game pmt four play you name it and we when you
line up all of our talent i have a pretty impressive like roster of just names and you
guys do your own events and i do my own shit and i owe pmt our events people fucking pack these
things oh the trick is up we do we sold it out in like 15 minutes it's fucking crazy we didn't
sell this event it's like we put 300 tickets on sale
150 of them are still fucking available we had no embarrassing we had no sales sponsors like they
didn't sell the fucking event how i don't fucking know so that that when i say powder keg i'm looking
around it's like we're flying 60 fucking people in rooms all these people that we can't get together
we're doing it for this 20th anniversary and we're not fucking we're just doing it to fucking wiggle our dicks we're not making a
fucking penny from it no you're losing money yeah so when kfc i think he knows videos started come
out like i was starting to be like who is making who decided it was 200 a ticket for this it's like
oh uh live events lisa nothing against her but like why the fuck she picking 200 a ticket for this? It's like, oh, live events, Lisa, nothing against her,
but why the fuck is she picking how much a ticket costs?
We have this basketball event, and it's like, who decided this?
And then I'm hearing all business Pete.
It's like, well, he thinks ticket sales will be good at Loyola.
It's like, who the fuck is all business Pete forecasting ticket sales?
He's a fucking tech guy.
So I'm starting to get like who what the fuck is going
on here who has the power it literally there's been a power vacuum and people are stealing it
are you okay putting all that stress back on your plate because that's what i wanted to know
well the beginning of barstool like when i became a fan it's like you're so invested it's your life
savings you're building it and then now and as you said the whole time,
like if I end up making,
I think you said 20 million then, I'm done.
You end up making fucking 10 times that.
So I totally understand if you're out,
but when you got out, did you miss it?
No, people are like, you're coming back in
because you miss it.
I've seen people say that, like, he's bored.
He's this, no.
Really?
No.
I would imagine it would have been stupid
not to take it back at what you could take it back for.
I know, but then he's all in again.
Or are you?
We're losing millions a month.
So I saw something that says 16 million in a year?
That's probably a little high, but it's above 10.
We're losing that.
Now, we're in growth mode, and I'm sure what Penn's like, hey, let's just grow the funnel,
and if you can pour them back into gambling, it makes sense for them.
Now, I made a shit ton of money, but I'm not planning on dishing out
12 million bucks out of my own pocket a year to fund this company.
Now, there are fucking people thinking I'm exaggerating.
We have morons sitting in that fucking office in New York
and they are morons, and they're idiots,
and if they didn't work for me,
they'd have no future, no Rico who's just up there,
Nate fucking...
But you're a second-chance guy.
I don't have a second-chance guy.
He just doesn't want to ruin their lives.
Correct.
And so before the ESPN-Penn deal,
it's like, all right, we have a deal with Penn.
We're their media agency.
If I go, Dan's there.
These people will all be safe.
Barstool will continue on.
Well, that drastically changed when now Penn is partners with ESPN.
They have this huge fucking media agency.
Yeah, you guys, Chicklets will be all right.
PMT will be all right.
A lot of people fucking won't.
To me, if I was just like, all right, I'm going to fuck off and go into the sunset,
that was the end of Barstool, as we know it.
Which I don't really, I'm not like sentimental about the name.
I'm like, these fucking losers, they're fucking dead.
They're going to go have to bag groceries.
But you coming back, they still might have to.
No, because I can fix this.
I can get.
While not letting people go?
No, people are going to get let go. I'll say this. I think get. While not letting people go? No, people are going to get let go.
I'll say this.
I think there's a different level of accountability.
I mean, we talked about it on the phone.
Like when I was playing professional hockey,
if we fucked up between periods,
the coach would come in and he'd fucking scream in our face.
And that's just how it works.
That went away too with Penn there.
Yeah, that's coming back.
Which is what I think that's all fans want.
Yeah, that's coming back.
And I mean, I went up to the sales meeting. There's all fans want yeah that's coming back and i mean
i went up to the sales meeting there's all these people i told him i look around half you guys are
gone like honestly you should do a little survivor yeah it's like i don't know who's gonna make it
but people want to make a lot of money which you should in sales they'll be here no the people i
know your face like if i know your name and i busted your balls you'll probably make it we
were just growing growing there's managers man and managing managers managing managers gone like if there's just too many fucking yeah well
it turned into like a place there was a meeting for a meeting for a meeting and i'm like yeah he
called me and he said this is bullshit this is fucking bullshit because who is this guy i go i
don't know he works for you he's like who the fuck is he well so one of the reasons one of the reasons i wanted to get you on we got
to go back because i think everybody who's listening to this podcast right now knows who
you are but i don't think that they know the the old barstool how we're now you're gonna introduce
you to the fucking crowd well they know i don't hate granella you thought i hated granella you
did for a while you were being mean to him i didn't even know who he was he called me a pothead yeah he called
like what are you even talking i don't even know who you are you did have a pothead phase though
didn't you no no he had like he'd take one hit of a joint like and then just cough like no but
that wasn't even in it was before even the amahoc like a girl called me like i heard i thought that
girl who said that grinnell it's i don't even know that girl came out to be crazy though can I clarify the actual story would happen because I've been waiting for this for a
long time so it was that text I did see the text it got taken out of context because I'm pretty
sure that was the day that you smoked on barstool radio so I was at the bar and I was like I was
with my with the girl I'm not going to say her name not going to give her the credit and I was
like oh I think Dave smoked on barstool radio today and then she jokingly texted you and was like oh what are you
a pothead now just being like we i will say we were talking about you smoking weed but i did
never i never said you were a pothead because as someone who is a pothead you don't call people a
pot i don't give a fuck like i'm not like oh pothead bad guy like you don't want to talk
and shit about you i've done plenty of shit my day talk about it yeah like no problem but it's like what do you mean
granelli who the fuck's that's in a pothead no i'm not but then granelli went about it the wrong
way and he was like trying to impress you and suck your dick and i'm like that's almost on you
why would you like let any i kept telling him stop doing this he would text me if i ever tweeted at
you like you look handsome today.
I was like, you're such a loser.
Yeah, he'd be like, stop it.
Stop it.
I tried to play the Eddie Haskell vibe.
That's not how he's going to like you.
No.
Yeah, I played the Eddie Haskell vibe
and it just didn't work.
No, that's not how to do it.
But we're good now.
Yeah, I have no issue with you now.
Well, I love you.
So, you want to suck his dick now, G?
People who are listening
probably know you from the Barstool Fun,
which was an amazing thing you did. All the antics with uh the new england patriots and when you went change yourself
outside of goodell's office when all that went down but let's go back to when you you ended up
quitting your job to start this barstool sports right you you were right it company yeah so i had
like a sales job for like five years out of college and they took a little different one
when i knew i was gonna start barstool uh but yeah i had a sales job for like five years out of college and they took a little different one when i knew i was gonna start barstool uh but yeah i had a sales job for like five years so
that's why you know sales people are just like full of shit in a sense or you know how it should
be done nobody wants to be a sales guy the only people are like you can make bank you can but it's
a fucking terrible example all right if you're first of all your sales staff you want to be a
bunch of fucking gordon geckos wet hairs running
around like bragging about their fucking cars because they're money driven um like liars
basically yeah basically like you gotta take a call we don't have that and like you know there's
a guy we used to have a guy a woohoo guy this guy was that was old school barstool this guy
this guy i i get he is what you want yeah right
yes lewis we'll say his name and and like trying to fight david he was like trying to fight him
like kimbo slice in the backyard i was like friends but he he he would fucking you know i'd
walk into the my little office in milton at like 9 p.m because i had to like get something he'd be
blasting metallica trying to make sales calls on the weekend he was like a fucking lunatic literally um so but what I said
in the sales meeting I go listen I have sold Barstool like that's what I did I sold it for a
decade and guess what the reputation we had in Boston wasn't too much better at the time than it
is now if you're using it as a complaint. Like, people didn't like us. People liked us, liked us.
But I fucking sold it.
And I sold the big company.
So I get it.
It's not easy.
But you've got to, like, be motivated.
And we're all fucked up with the way our commission plans are.
What was your family thinking when you quit your job?
I think they thought I'd be quit.
So basically, I quit the job.
And I sold the newspaper.
It was a newspaper.
And I sold, like, a year of advertising before it ever launched.
And what's the number of like total sales sold that year?
Probably like 30 grand, 40 grand.
And so you're living off that.
We weren't making money.
I moved home.
Did the thought of the fact that newspapers were on the downturn, like did that?
So here, the concept came this way.
I like gambling. I want to get into gambling. I was like, that so here the concept came this way i i like gambling i want to get into
gambling i was like that's what i like to do so i actually at the time i flew to vegas met with
all these casinos i'm like how do i get involved in this industry like you gotta go be a dealer
first you work your way up into marketing it's like fuck that i don't want to do that and then
i talked these offshore sports books they were
illegal but like uh the greek and bet olympic and things like that and like how do i get involved in
this and they were the ones who came up with the concept they're like listen we don't want to be
advertising online right now because during the time and this is like 2003-4 if you go to website
gambling fireworks pop-ups looks like you're
getting your credit card stolen so they were like we want to get off of that if you have a physical
newsletter we'll advertise in it like my first advertiser i think was party poker like i was
actually at the world series of poker the year moneymaker won that was like the boom i think it
was 10 million yeah i remember watching a couple summers i was a loser that was watching people play cards when morals would play it like
not nap before games you play all day oh even all the nhl guys had their cards down playing all that
online that was the boom i was with the indians who actually developed the software like that's
who the advertiser was um so that's why i created the
newspaper because they're like we'll advertise in that we won't advertise online so that was
kind of the birth and no plan at that time of blogging which is what made you not being like
funny writing shit down none it slowly morphed it was all like you know gambling fantasy like
my buddy mcshay wrote articles in it before he's at espn uh and
then it slowly morphed from like strict gambling fantasy to more my life funny boston stories and
you and you also create different aliases right yeah you would write how many different characters
i had like 20 like devil yeah so it would have a million different names because i didn't want people to know it was all me yeah like i i uh like i put in fucking fleming's steakhouse as an ad and then i'd call up
morton's be like look at this your fucking competitor is in the newspaper that's how you
sell and then no shit and then fleming's calls me like what the who the fuck did this i'm like
oh that was a sales guy he did it and he's fired he's gone so i was like sorry because they literally called me like we didn't advertise why
are we in your newspaper that's how bad we are they want the free advertising out
so i was doing everything like whatever i could do to sell get anything uh like jack diamond dui
lawyer i remember he was an early one. When did your obsession with gambling start?
When I was 10.
10?
It was like detention for running white cards in middle school.
My dad took me to Rockingham Park.
But I always gambled.
Really?
Like horses too?
All of it?
Always.
At that young, 10 years old?
Yeah, I loved it.
So who got you into it?
Your father?
Yeah, my dad.
My dad would take me.
I remember my dad bet in would take me i remember i dad
bent like kentucky derby like he won it was like uh 49 or something he put like a draw money he's
like hey pick out money out of it i just always loved it at a dollar i remember dollar 1985 super
bowl like on the patriots versus the bears i remember that in a block they lost by a hundred
but what was like so what was the change you're doing the newspaper was it when social media started when like twitter came around
were you oh no way before it was before that it got online what's the story of how it got online
i used to so when it was a newspaper my day would be i wake up like four or five a.m go to the subway
stations in boston physically handed out with like the homeless people would you put the cap on ticket scalpels i still can go to a game sometimes outside of the garden and
ticket scalpers will be like congrats on your success because i was they were scalping tickets
and i was like hey dad that's fucking yeah take the newspaper so um i was doing that i'd wake up
go hand it out deliver the newspaper 48 hours, right. And one day I was
handing it to a kid. And he was taking a self station financials in the financial district.
He's like, Hey, listen, I love this fucking newspaper. I'm moving to New York. If I build
you a website, will you put the newspaper on the website so I can read it? I'm like, yeah,
if you're gonna do that for free, and I can do it, knock yourself out.
His name was Ian White.
Ironically, he became the chief technology officer for Business Insider, who I fucking hate.
Oh, God.
He's not there anymore.
Awesome dude.
Never asked me for anything,
but I started putting the newspaper online.
Every time I was like, can you make this change?
Can you do this?
He'd do it for free.
So it went from the newspaper to online not by design and it was pretty obvious
once we went online it spread way easier and it didn't cost me anything so that was obviously the
future but it wasn't like i planned it was there any there had to be times during this where you're
kind of like questioning yourself a little like or were you always pretty confident like i'm gonna
make it work or were you like fuck man this isn't yeah this isn't going how i thought the weird thing
about it's the only thing i ever started so i i don't know if i would have been as caught like
yes i always thought it was growing one day uh i did get a sale i got a job i went because we had
no i'm ready to quit i had no fucking no i wasn't gonna quit i had no money i literally it's uh i
was living at my in-law's house.
Like you mentioned poker, like Renee at the time,
she wanted to get her nails done.
I'm like, hold on, let me play a quick round of party poker.
No, dude, you weren't, I saw, you weren't that poor.
Yeah, we were.
She didn't have a job?
She had a job.
She couldn't get her nails done?
No, we had no money.
We literally had no money.
Renee was your wife?
Yeah, no money.
And at the in-law's house,
that was when the
state he showed up correct correct that police showed up together about the brady thing right
or was it something else no no uh that was the dad of a smoke show at uh the state he showed up
in abington and in uh not abington in dorchester whose idea was it to start doing the smoke shows
in order to sell more newspapers i don't even know where that came from but we well we used to do it like contest like you
pick a girl you vote for the local smoke show of the day and the winner would advance in the
newspaper and we just start putting local girls in and it it rocketed around boston because at the
time local speed bags yeah Maxim was fucking huge.
Yeah.
And it's like,
it was a localized Maxim.
These were local girls.
You could go see.
And we started getting hammered with submissions.
So that really like,
and then we did like local smokes.
So they parties,
the blue ball.
That's what we called it.
Buddy.
My,
my buddy went to it.
My couple of my buddies went to it.
It was a,
you had to wear a blue shirt.
Ned Devine.
Ned Devine.
So they go there.
I was playing, and they're like, we're going to this bar still party tonight.
And my buddy's like, there's fucking 145 guys in blue dress shirts.
And about one girl.
Yeah, yeah.
That's incredible.
The blue ball.
So the state trooper shows up.
It was his daughter that you put in the magazine?
No, no.
Those are two different stories so the dad of a smoke show showed up but she had said put me on yeah so it's
like she lied yeah because we got permission from the girls that's like one of the great
lies told we'd always ask girl like are you cool with it and after a while it became very accepted
like girls were like yeah they wanted to get on yeah it was like an honor it was a badge of honor they were just clipping pictures off that they already posted um so that
guy came threatened to like kill me that was abington my in-laws the stadies showed up when
i put brady's kids dick on the website they showed up in lower mills at two two stadies
good got good cop bad cop the. One guy was really mean.
One guy was nice.
They're like, we're going to fuck with your taxes.
We're going to fuck with your-
Oh, they're going deep.
Yeah.
They're like, we don't want to ask you to take it down, but if you don't take it down.
So this, for those who don't know-
Do you consider that a mistake?
If going back, would you still have done it?
That got so blown out of proportion.
It's one of the more blown out of proportion. Okay. Well, how brady's kid's dick ends up on your website you guys would
definitely when i say kid he was an infant okay like even worse no even better yeah in terms of
putting kids dicks online you'd rather be an infant than a four-year-old right bill it was
like well now we're talking what what whitney the dad you were probably you had
my back when there's listen here's the story like what a hammer no he he did uh here's the story
giselle was on a beach miami with the kid naked all right kid had he he was the gerber baby he
was brand it was like a little kid had a fucking big dick for like an infant i wrote a blog
check out the howitzer on brady's kid's dick and on brady's kid and then below it i wrote
peyton manning could never have a kid that was the blog it was a shot at peyton manning it was
the height of the it was the height of the colts p rivalry, and then people went crazy. Like, he's fucking sexualizing the infant.
The picture was online.
It wasn't like I was in the bushes.
It was a paparazzi picture.
Giselle carried the kid naked all the time.
People who didn't like me, Glenn Ordway in Boston, big fucking local toast show.
Back then, sports radio was huge biz.
There was one station there.
Believe it or not, he was on the air with Minahan when this broke.
Oh, shit.
They're like, he's going to jail.
People come up, be like, we beat his head in with a baseball bat.
It was a locker room joke.
If your kid comes out of the crib with, we'll use your term, like a wrench,
you're like, my kid's got a fucking wrench.
Yeah, 100.
To say it was sex, I tried to reverse it. Be like, if you think this is sexualizing, you're fucking my kid's got a fucking wrench yeah 100 that to say it was set i i tried to
reverse it be like if you think this is sexualizing like you're fucking so so were these cops sent
there by brady they said the patriots were like unhappy with it brady was unhappy with it have
you talked about it with them since because you guys are boys we're not boys like we're not
like if i saw him i'd be like hey what's going on how you doing oh he doesn't
dab you up he's a different cat right we're not like buddies where you can joke about it like i
can joke about with like zolak or like somebody like not brady we're friendly he doesn't seem to
hold a grudge um but yeah the stadium showed up i was on howard stern i'm like oh he'll have my
back he's like you're a pedophile you know he's he's still pretending like he doesn't know you yeah he wasn't doing that arrogantly i met him the other day he he didn't know who i was oh okay
he wasn't like trying to big time at least i didn't get that vibe oh one thing we we talked
about that blue ball party but that was another way that you kind of made a name for yourself
where you're throwing these crazy college campus parties which in some cases you were getting
banned from campuses the umass one
was one that grinnelli told me about yeah so you're still bound banned from their campus
yeah i don't know they've unbanned me they fucking hated me uh so we we did local events
in boston and they always did great it's how we got advertising because even if we weren't as big
as some other people our audience is super loyal and they'd show up and we'd fill venues in
boston one day it's like all right there's 2010 we gotta get outside of downtown boston and see
how popular we are so he came up with something called uh stula palooza sam adams um who was just
like performing yeah he was at his wedding yeah uh he was just kind of breaking into music i'm
like you know what if we put, I can still get alcohol sponsors
because they can sponsor that,
instead of just saying strict college tour.
So we booked Sam Adams, 20 grand, six shows,
UMass, URI, Quinnipiac, Toads, one in downtown Boston,
forget the other, Providence, whatever.
So we put the tickets on sale.
We're going to like frat basements.
It was just go to the campus.
Within 24 hours, the Mullen Center at UMass,
which is their arena, called me.
And they're like, who are you?
I'm like, what do you mean?
It's like, this is me, Dave Barstool.
They're like, no, we're getting calls.
Kids want to buy tickets for this thing, Stoolpalooza.
I'm like, oh, we're going to a frat, like down the road.
And they're like, well, would you ever do it at the Mullen Center? It's like, I'm not going to a frat like down the road and like well would you ever do it
at the mullen center it's like i'm not going to pay for a ton of shit and they set up a deal where
i didn't have to put a lot up front and we moved it to the mullen center they sold 3 000 the entire
floor they sold in five seconds like instant like bang sold out all six spots first time making bank
kind of first time that allowed me to like hire dan and the other guys
no way that was it yeah now we went to umass his wife got her her toes done yeah this you want a
few blackjack hands no exaggeration we went to umass when we left the campus is burning like
it's not i'm not like saying that to like exaggerate there were the campus is on fire
like flames up it like it was it was wild like you man driving like the joker no literally like
we got out you could just see smoke and flames the whole campus went up it was like uh they were
when we showed up it was like the beatles up. There were fucking signs in every dorm, like Stool Palooza,
and we were going up against their, like,
campuses have their own parties.
Yeah, spring weekends.
Yeah, and we were destroying them.
Like, it was like the fray.
I want campus, like, people had shirts like,
the stool is hard, the fray is soft.
Like, the poor fray.
They didn't know what they were getting.
Hey, the band, the fray?
Yeah, the band, the fray. Yeah, it's like soft getting hey the band the fray yeah and i at the time was like a maniac so i'm like i didn't know who it was if i didn't think you
were fully like on our team and you were against me so like fuck the fray like you name it we were
coming but they have this thing uh what is what the The UMass, the Blarney blowout.
And it was kind of like along with it turned.
They had shut that down.
We came back.
People, full beer cans.
There's 5,000 people in the middle of this festival firing fucking shit.
The campus blew up.
And they called me.
The cops.
If you ever set foot on campus again, you're going right to jail.
You invited us.
Didn't you have like a Jordan Belfort moment, though,
like during the concert where they were kind of like,
you have to shut this down, and you kind of came out on stage.
Yeah.
Like, we're not fucking shutting it down.
We're partying all night.
Yeah, the cops, they're like, you have to tell.
This is at the concert.
They're like, you have to tell everybody to go home after the concert
or you're fucking dead.
And I went up and I mean, I said the opposite.
I took the mic.
I'm like, the cops say we got to fucking go home.
We're fucking going nutty.
And I mean, they burn the campus.
When did you meet R.A.?
What was the whole beginning to that?
I mean, I don't think Chicklets is maybe even around or anything
without like R.A.'s connection to Barstool.
Yeah, you reached out in the very beginning.
You asked me the Bruins blogger.
Yeah, but I think we met before that a couple of times.
At the Blue Balls.
March Madness Party.
Yeah.
Were you there at the early one, the place?
Yeah, a couple of years in a row I went to that one.
Yeah, so we knew each other casually.
And then who was the kid?
Justin Ribello.
He called Glenn Murray a playmaker.
And the comment section revolted back when it was all Boston-centric.
So you're like, I got to let you go.
And then he put up, this was the blog title.
Look, need a Bruins blogger.
Send submissions here.
Wait, I fired a kid for what?
Calling Glenn Murray a playmaker.
He said Glenn Murray's a goal scorer, and the kid called him a playmaker.
And so all the commenters were like, this kid stinks.
You got rid of him because all the commenters.
This was like, it was all Boston on there.
That's weird.
I'm calling bullshit on this story.
Oh, all right.
Well, I mean, you got rid of the kid.
I don't really care, but I can't see me firing a guy because he called a hockey player a playmaker as opposed to like a.
I mean, you did tell them to burn down a campus, so I can't really trust everything you're saying.
Yeah, no, but I don't know enough about hockey to be like,
oh, Glenn Murray?
Is that it?
I don't know Glenn Murray.
Were you blogging under an alias?
For Bruins?
No, I never did.
Either way, he was out and there was a vacancy.
And I wrote a blog based on the last night game
and didn't hear back from Dave.
And then boom, it popped up on the screen the next day,
which is fucking a thrill.
It's like front page of the paper.
Oh, he didn't even respond.
No, never. No, never did hear back. And then all of a sudden it's by was he asking for salary oh yeah like we had a bunch of different and he also if i recall rears
early blogging days they weren't exactly riveting it was like bruins would win five three headline
bruins win five three it wasn't like we weren't like we were trying to get people
to you know do it he was being fucking the box score that was my early complaint it was like
bruins win five three now here's a picture of joe thornton's kid's dick yeah that's how you
gotta get the papers yeah that was i guess my trainer i was like more of a journalist it'll
be like in the second period the bruins broke the top i got i got the press pass and i and i started using my like quotes that i got you're like no
we don't want fucking quotes on here that's for the paper i was like okay i was trying to
like i said be a journalist and then i think i got better especially with the writing so
so obviously that was all the time around expansion right so you you do you end up
getting online that's a huge boost you start throwing these parties that's a huge boost you
get money coming in.
And then obviously that wave of guys you talked about,
like getting Big Cat involved.
Was KFC already involved at that time?
Big Cat said no, Biz.
Big Cat said yes, then no.
Oh, okay.
He wasn't.
You had some idiot that was doing Chicago. Neil Fenil.
Neil Fenil.
Sheebly.
Yeah, Neil Fenil.
He was so bad that people thought.
So we hired outside it went kevin
first then dan like had this uh this website called the hot glove it was like a blog great
like you took one look at it like this kid gets it so we tried to hire him i met with him he's
like so how do you get paid it's like i mail you personal checks like unless i lose that month
gambling yeah right and i think he's like oh I don't know whether I want to quit my fucking full-time job for a guy who's fucking sending personal checks.
So he backed out.
And I couldn't find anybody in Chicago.
And we found this kid, Neil.
Awful.
He was a nice enough kid, I guess, but just everything wrong.
But when we hired him dan was like can i contribute
and like sure knock yourself out it's not mad at him it's like he backed out it's like you're a
pussy but he started contributing with neil again his talent was obvious he's making neil look even
worse it was so bad people thought it was conspiracy by dan they thought he invented
neil to make himself look good. That's how bad
Neil was. So when you say you
discovered him, at this time, was he just like
posting everything to Twitter? Who? Dan?
Dan, yeah. He had this
website that really nobody read called
The Hug. How'd you even find that? How'd you find it?
No, he was a fan. Dan is
a caller on Ian Elio's radio show.
No shit. Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that.
So all the early guys that we found were Barstool fans.
They were reading Barstool.
So when I was like, hey, we need new people, he applied.
He was a fan.
No shit.
Yeah, he's on like the very first show with me and Elio
when we couldn't get the technology.
He calls in, hey, I'm Big Cat.
No, I'm Dan.
I'm Dan from Chicago.
How did you find like Manzo, Chisholm, Jerry Thornton, the first three?
They're all fans.
They picked up the newspaper.
They did whatever.
So a lot of people don't know that.
That's a very early thing.
We had, before there was Kevin, Dan, K-Marco.
I had another original four.
I had Chisholm, Manzo, Jerry made it.
But it was really us four.
But no one was making money. wasn't they weren't and they all kind of were like we can't do this anymore we got to get on with our lives
right as we kind of started hitting it oh so then the next another six months and they're probably
and they were great they were like man i thought manzo was brutal manzo is bad at blogging he's the best writer
we've ever had no shit he wrote long form stories that was like about stuff in the sports world or
just like any life they're very barstool like tell biz how that guy got fired when you you
brought him back so manzo pete manzo i have a soft he is the like when he submitted his article for the newspaper i'd stop what i was doing and
read it it was that funny that good um and then we tried to hire him back once i had money as a
blogger for the yankees and uh he pre-wrote a fucking blog about derrick jeter getting his
3 000th hit so it was already written and it's like it's coming so you know he's gonna get the hit turns out if i recall like jeter hit for like the cycle a grand slam up for his like
three thousand three thousand hit was a walk-off dinger yeah and he just pressed submit oh he was
on a boat so it didn't pay any attention like congrats on three thousand yeah with no mention
like the fact he broke every record in fact doing it and that was that was the
end of manzo he wasn't cut out for fast writing he was long form take your time think whereas the
blog was like you gotta crank them wasn't this like the same time that renee made you go back
and get a job and then you quit on your first day so that is when we talked about a little bit
earlier at one point we had no money That's why I mentioned the nails.
I took a sales job, went.
At lunch, I'm like, I cannot do both.
Like, Barstool has no chance if I have this job.
So on day one, I'm like, all right, I'm going to lunch and just drove away and never came back.
That was as close as I was to like, this just isn't working.
When you say like, I know you as a boss, right?
Like I don't think people probably understood or got what they were getting into
in terms of like publicly embarrassing them
and just making everything content.
And that wasn't something you thought about.
It was just kind of came natural.
Like I'm not, you don't do stuff behind closed doors,
which people love.
Right.
It's the, who's Frank, the guy on the island
is Frankie loves, the good looking kid.
Oh, Matty Barzell? Yeah, Barz no barzell oh okay it's barzell frankie tells the story
barzell's a barstool guy so he's like hey can you come in and see the office and shit like that so
he came in i didn't really know what he was but at the time frankie's desk was right in front of
my office and i had just got back from the kentucky derby when sausage our sales guy
fucking put me at a table at the kentucky derby with like clients who were obliterated drunk
and just such a pain in the ass and i turn i'm like looking at sausage to like help me out of
this he's fucking stuffing his face with shrimp cocktail at the i don't even know why i was there so i call him down it's my first in the office
doors open and i'm like you fat fuck what the fuck are you doing like you're stuffing your
fucking fat face with fucking trip barzell's right there he looks at frank goes this is like a hockey
locker room like he's like i fucking love this place like i was screaming at him at the top of my lungs
but that's how i am and i don't got like i it's gotten harder as we've gotten bigger because the
guys i hired they can take it and i don't mind you can yell back at me i don't give a fuck we'll
get over it in five minutes now i don't know everybody i don't know who i can be myself around
that that but don't you want to find out
who can take it and who can't yeah but biz i mean whitney i said this the other day since i took
back the company i don't know the laws of the world like i don't know that i can call a salesman
a fat fuck and he may be able to go like i don't be worth 500 million right i don't know how that
works you'll be you'll be fucking dealing blackjack yeah or working at that's what i mean it's like great to say that but you don't know what the
laws just because we're a private company i don't know that the laws of society don't apply to us
um oh i was just gonna ask about gaz and how important his role has been like he seems to
know a lot what a motherfucker yeah he is does he know where all the bodies are buried is that
your right-hand guy?
He buries them.
Gaz knows everything.
Gaz knows everything.
And he seems to be intelligent on the- No.
Whatever you're going to say, no.
All the technology stuff, like growth path.
So why has he been your right-hand man?
Because he knows he can bring them down.
He was day one guy.
He's definitely not smart. He's he's sales guy but he didn't even
gaz got the job he so gaz knew my ex-wife renee and he he she's like hey he wants to come work
for you sat down this is what he said he'd do he goes i he won a job i go i can't pay anybody we
have these t-shirts he's like this was a. I'm going to go stand outside of Fenway Park, and I'm going to sell T-shirts.
I have them.
I'll bring them.
I'll sell them.
And that's how I can get paid.
So I was like, all right, great.
I ordered 3,000 T-shirts, gave them to Gaz, goes to Fenway Park,
shows back up at the office less than a minute later.
He's like, oh, it turns out you need permits to do that.
They kicked me out.
He's like, that would have been nice to know before you pitched this whole
fucking plan. And then he's like, I'll have been nice to know before you pitched this whole fucking plan.
And then he's like, I'll just sell ads.
So he became the sales guy, stool sales guy.
He didn't sell dick.
He sold nothing.
Horrible at that.
Nothing.
Didn't sell a fucking goddamn thing.
Close to gassing him ever or no?
Like at the beginning?
Or just he was around?
No, he was just around working at my kitchen.
This was probably around 2000 2009
2010 we started doing the concert tours that's where his value he managed those tours but i'd
hear horror stories about the way he managed them it's like if gaz was interested in fucking
hooking up with the girl they wouldn't get to leave they'd be like stuck in the city if no
girl was interested in gaz he wanted to be out of there in 20 seconds it was like they're all determined
the entire tour is based on where Gaz
had women locked up
literally
that guy has actually done it more than anyone
he's made it
and by the way I love Gaz
I've known him now forever and I do trust him with anything
and he's the most mild mannered guy
in the world unless you take his hat off
that's the only time I've seen him ready to actually fight like if a girl guy takes his hat off because he's the most mild-mannered guy in the world unless you take his hat off. That's the only time I've seen him, like, ready to actually, like, fight.
Like, if a girl guy takes his hat off because he's fucking,
he ages 30 years when you take his hat off and ball ball.
Yeah, tonight we'll see him.
He'll have a hat on.
Can I ask, like, speaking of fighting, like, when you get those calls
that, like, him and Feidelberg just, like, beat the shit out of a whole frat
while they're blackout tour?
Yeah, they don't call me with those.
The only calls I got would be we do these blackout tours and they became fucking we had abc news following if it
wasn't called blackout tour either that might have never shut down right no they would have found a
way for no whatever the blackout tour was the raves that we did and it was it was a blacklight
tour it was you wore white and the logo was the plug it was the thing going that we did, and it was a blacklight tour. It was you wore white, and the logo was the plug.
It was the thing going in, and then people tried to trick it or not.
People didn't like me.
They didn't want girls to get blackout drunk,
and it really had nothing to do with it.
But that's what they were saying, and the news truck started.
It was also the beginning of EDM.
Gaz would call me 4 in the morning, and he'd be like,
we got a problem.
They're shutting us down
we're in the middle of a riot
I can hear him just chewing his gum
what do you want me to do
I don't know fucking Gaz
it's 4am I'm fucking 18 states away
handle it
alright don't know what to do
and I get those calls once a month
literally like kids paying these
tickets and like the fire
marshal riots i think i don't even know if they brought back in albany it was a union center we
got the whole venue shut down by the city like there were literal riots outside these things
but i don't know if those guys it was the fact that they just loved barstool or the fact they
had no other skills to work but the descriptions of those they were living the worst life ever for two months i mean they were
i think they were driving cars to each spot sleeping in the cars eight guys to a hotel room
yeah no there's definitely parts of it that wasn't great but you said i don't care like no well it's
not like that look at that ragtag group of guys they're all young they're like young 20s i don't care like no well it's not like that look at that ragtag group of guys they're all
young they're like young 20s i don't know what jazz was they were rock stars on campus yeah so
is being in a band that you're driving yourself around but you go and you have like
fucking every girl in college like throwing themselves at you because you're fucking
i don't know why you're wearing a mascot costume like it they could have been it was either he's
melding uh fucking workshop metal at his dad's shop so yeah there were parts of it that bad
let me say this whenever i went they were not having a bad time okay so you're you're looking
you're listening to them complaining and then you're seeing like what the fuck are you complaining about yes there
were definitely parts of it driving but if i think most people in a band if you're like yeah we're
driving we're roadies but we have 30 uh shows and they're all sold out and the crowds are fucking
on bananas for us that's not the worst lifestyle no What's bad is doing all that and 100 people are showing up
and it's like you're playing empty venues.
That's bad.
Yeah.
When did you decide, Dave, you had to get down to New York
to like really blow this thing up?
Yeah.
So, I mean, it was around, I forget the year.
It was 2009.
I knew I had something.
If I could recreate, not just New York,
if I could recreate what we
had in Boston because Whitney will tell you like I always said like if you really wanted to be like
I'm from Boston and I'm in the know and it's like I'm I'm actually there and have a pulse on the
city you were reading Barstool it became like the heartbeat of the city um and if we could recreate
that in other cities I knew we had something so uh it was around
probably 2008 2009 i said we're hiring we're looking new york chicago philly so it's trying
to recreate that but i look when you i remember when you guys were going like because to me it
was already really big but i guess you knew there was that much room for growth like i never imagined
it would become this i don't know if you did no not it's like like when you went to new york i'm like oh what else are they gonna do and there was just so
much shit i guess erica had a lot to do with that but that first sale how much did you make on that
one with chernan and was that the reason why you went to new york like did chernan already commit
to yes okay yeah yeah so the chernan deal which was 2016 the value of the company is 12 and a half million so like i got
uh five million to myself i think three and a half went into the bank account and they took 51
percent of the company and part of it the churning guys when i met with them they're like what will
you do what's next if you have money it's like you know if we're all under one roof because
they're all separate and kind of like a 24-7 like reality TV blog, I think there's something there.
So that is what caused the growth.
Erica, pardon my take.
And I always said, I said to turn, I go, I think it's kind of what you just said.
It's like I thought Barstool was way bigger than the outside world was giving us credit for it because everything we did
was like kind of popping i'm like if if we put some gas on this this thing could explode and it
fucking exploded the second we put gas like i was like oh if you don't know it now i don't know if
you'll ever know it how do you not know it now and then i mean i couldn't have been more wrong it was
there was so many people who became fans that had no clue at the
end and people let's you hear it now but i knew this our content was better than anything else
it's like if you saw it and you were kind of our type of demo you were hooked like it some people
obviously hated us but it just hit a demo that nobody else had. And the second people got exposed to it, we had them.
And, you know, we, once we expanded, obviously Dan with, um, PFT was huge.
You guys were huge.
Uh, and then we started getting to everything like Cooper got, you know, the female market,
it, everything we started doing just started hitting.
So, uh, I, we were talking right before the, uh, we started recording the podcast, um,
your, your ability to assess talent. hitting so uh we were talking right before the we started recording the podcast um your your
ability to assess talent so jenna marbles was a girl that you discovered her before she popped
off well and then you just mentioned alex cooper so like what you just are able to siphon through
the internet and see what you think is going to pop and get them on board yeah i don't know it's
a combo i think i'm very good if people ask me what my greatest talent is I would say that it's like
figure like big cat too I mean big cat was not doing anything related to this it's it's sensing
what funny is and it's not even necessarily my cup of tea like big cat I thought was funny and I got
Jenna so Jenna the story and Jenna marbles who you could argue is the biggest celebrity we've
ever had come through the doors still.
Like, what's she worth now?
I think she stepped away.
She did.
She had a wax statue in Madame Tussauds.
I don't even know what that is.
What's that?
Oh, at the place?
Yeah.
So is she worth like 50, 100 million?
She did step away.
Who knows?
She was like the original YouTube girl.
Yeah, she did the Ugly to Hot video.
Yeah, while she worked for us she was
working for us when she did that and our logo wasn't on it and i fucking went nuts jenna marbles
was a interesting example of me and gaz used to fucking tell her the type of videos and stuff to
do they didn't hit none of them she went and did her own shit crazy like you just have to find
people so you knew she was good but then you didn't know what
we couldn't utilize her it's like everything we're like do this do that didn't work didn't work
she started she just did her own videos just to do them it was like huge and that's the same it's
like pmt i was never a big podcast guy like it's them they came up with it so it's finding
people that are unique like when i saw the alex cooper the
demo reel for the first time i just knew i hadn't seen anything like it wasn't my cup of tea but i
hadn't seen it on the internet and i've told the story but when i talked to her the first i was
like who made that sizzle reel for you she's like i did it's like what do you mean you did she's
like i learned how to edit and cut it. And I made it myself.
I'm like, OK.
Then you're like, we're saving money on that part of it.
Well, it just showed she was not.
Like, there was something going more behind the scenes.
And she's crafty.
Like, people are going to say whatever the fuck they want about her.
She's smart and crafty.
You don't accidentally get to where she is unless you're very on top of it.
But we hired her and let her do
whatever we want jenna marbles start doing whatever we want like you guys we never say like hey do this
or do that it's like find creative people and let them do whatever the fuck they want and some hit
and some don't and we also things are changing like mcafee take mcafee nobody would have hired
him like he's openly said
that it's like he wanted to go to espn right away no espn wasn't going to hire somebody with no
experience nothing we did we're like oh he's interesting so don't don't do you have some sort
of not hatred but like to him are you kind of like whatever well i mean really no but i mean i
guess you could ask it for all of them because i feel like Jenna Marbles didn't really give you guys your flowers.
Marbles I was mad at.
Marbles, that's just because I thought when she left,
she skewed it and told a story that was totally not accurate.
Like she was getting forced out and she was not getting forced out.
And she also did something like she was down for anything.
The second she exploded, she was impossible to work with.
And by the way, I marvel's entertainment contract before she went to la i'm like yeah fix this that but i'm like
good luck i knew we couldn't monetize her so there was no hard it was the next day she wrote this
article like i'm sorry i'm leaving guys on all stool a lot they're taking the websites like
that's just not how it happened so that fucking pissed me off mcafee because they took he took your guy or he took the software no here's the
thing about mcafee he was always probably gonna go on his own um he's super wildly talented uh
so there wasn't really no i i wouldn't say there's any i mean i still talk to him like we text back and forth yes no hatred there yeah and i'll congratulate people think there is um because we get oh you
guys are idiots you let mcafee go mcafee was not gonna be long like it's anything it's hard once
talent gets to a certain point wants to do their own thing the only thing i learned from mcafee
certain point wants to do their own thing the only thing i learned from mcafee was we definitely kick-started like his everybody he has was barstool like he had barstool employees like uh you know aj
hawk like that introduced all through barstool but mcafee is supremely talented and he always
wanted to do the wrestling he always he was going to be a huge star with or without us so yeah so
it was almost like we'll get what we can out of him,
but I don't think in 10 years he'll be here.
Did you expect him at a certain point to end up leaving?
Did you see that coming?
And have you experienced it a couple times before?
I'm not sure if Cooper ended up leaving before him or after him.
Cooper, I think, was after.
Okay, but you'd already been through it with Jenna.
McAfee was not on like  we're super loosey-goosey
so mcafee was really early i don't even know mcafee was on like i think mcafee could have left
anytime oh okay so that's the way it was there wasn't like mcafee broke a contract okay and we
had a really fucked up like situation where it was easy for him to think we weren't selling ads like
for example i know there was something with,
and you guys could, I don't know how you're set up exactly,
but let's say you go to a major,
I'm just going to pick one out of the blue,
Pink Whitney, obviously.
Nice little shout out, thank you.
So they have a budget of 100 grand.
And McAfee's only getting paid if he gets those ads, Pink Whitney dollars.
Well, Pink Whitney, say,
you can advertise anywhere across
barstool so pink when he ends up going to pmt not mcafee back he's like that's fucked you guys
would obviously push it to pmt because you keep 100 right so there was that inherent but no i uh
i think pat's like one of the more for me unique people i've met because he's not motivated by money he really isn't no
shit he isn't he he's more he's more motivated i would say by like um respect so i think he did
think that barstool fucked him on not me but some of the things like the business side he thought
and we weren't by the way it was like mackfee didn't i think even him running a business be like maybe looking back like the check was late well the advertiser paid
late or something like that it did piss me off a little bit the lewis shit like i wouldn't have
done that he was our guy he went over there um it all was a lot of it came with that ros shit
which i won't go into but that was a big a big problem or fracture but again pat mcafee was going not
everyone can say this like biz you was going to be a star regardless if he came to us or not
that's not the case alex cooper i would argue probably not like yes she's super talented
but we fucking jammed her down people's throat so So like PMT, Dan, maybe like PFT was around, but no, wasn't a huge star before he came to us.
You came to us a million followers on social media.
McAfee came to us a million followers.
And so he was going to be a star no matter what.
We accelerated it.
He went to the school of Barstool sports on how to run a business.
And we fast forward him
for barstool people but there's no hard feelings with him i say shit and people think there are
but there isn't like i taught him how to gamble there's a couple funny stories that he cost me
like 100 grand who did mcafee okay literally so people think that's me being mean but it's not
mcafee had never placed a bet in his life and we're on the college football tour
together and the first time he can gamble he's like just double up what you're betting i'm like
are you sure he's like yeah just double it call my he thought you were betting rico units yeah
call my bookie i'm like i'm gonna need this doubled you know he's like all right so i tell
him it's like all right you're in for like 20 grand a game he's like what are you fucking talking about so i had to eat all the bets myself i got fucking killed that's a heavy bet um it's
like i thought you bet like five bucks uh g wrote a couple of these franny lyden hank story what's
this about this is this is this is a class this is an all-time you know hank well hank's another
og right we keep mentioning all these guys.
Yeah, so Hank's one of our first guys who's like an intern.
All you're going to know about Hank is his resume,
which had a ton of misspellings.
And lies.
And fake college.
And a fake college.
One of his big things, I can get computer equipment for free
and cameras from a college that didn't exist.
So he became one of the most vile
commenters that we had criticizing us under the alias fran franny lyden um like dogging you or
just by the bloody every me dan that's dark shit yeah like brutal and i don't know what happened but he thought i knew
you know is that hank apalooza the night of his 21st birthday and he outed himself oh no me with
me not even knowing what no like what are you talking about he's like i'm sorry i i i was just
in a dark spot my i don't i he's like hank I have no idea what you're talking about. So yeah, that was a Frankie.
It still sticks.
Did you go back and read all the comments?
There were a lot of them.
I mean, some of them.
He'd be in prison for a while.
Yeah.
And then so when we snuck into the NFL, my badge was Franny Lydon.
That was like my fake credentials.
What do you do over there?
That's what he's writing his notes.
Playing tic-tac-toe?
He's playing Sudoku puzzle.
But he made him wear a shirt for a month straight
that said, I am an internet troll.
And if any fan in the state of Massachusetts
saw him without the t-shirt, he was fired.
Yeah, he'd wear it in the water on the 4th of July and stuff.
Literally, I'm like, anybody sees this fucking guy
without this shirt, send it to me because he's gone.
That's how he earned your trust back.
Yeah, and you got to talk
about taping him to the wall like how did that happen he was just viral video that may not be
allowed anymore hank uh so if my right hand men like they go to the church of day portland which
is a tough school it's like hard to graduate but if you do david knish if you do you make it in this company so i had gaz then hank and uh then frankie and now i
have austin but hank i used to like torture i mean we taped him to wall he cut his cut his finger off
trying to catch a drone out of the air and i remember taking him to the hospital and he's on
speakerphone with his mom and his mom's like i told you not to trust that dave portnoy he's gonna
lead you straight to the ground you gotta get out of there i'm like does she know i'm on speakerphone
this is too good what about i mean in terms of the future like because you got to be in florida
six months in a day you're obviously back in like are you back in like it was before like will there
ever be people down in Florida with you?
I feel like that would be pretty sick if there's a new little madhouse down there.
Yeah, there could be.
I don't know.
All those club rats you're hanging out with down there.
Yeah, I don't go out anymore.
I really don't.
I used to go out, but I don't anymore.
Maybe, yeah, maybe there will be.
So you have college football show.
That's Saturdays.
Yep, college football.
Not on pick. I'm not picking them up. Pick them. Advisors, though, off of them. That's Saturdays. Yep. College football. Not on pick.
I'm not picking them up.
Pick them.
Advisors, though, off of them.
Yeah, unless I'm in Chicago.
I'm going to go to Chicago a decent amount.
And I got to help fix the business.
So I'm not trying.
How much do you want to spend a year?
That's what I don't.
Spend a year on what?
Salaries and trips.
I just want to break even.
I've already made my money. I don't need more money i just want to break even like i've already made my money i don't
need more money i want to make it so it's a place where people are happy to be coming to work yeah
it's self-sustainable self-sustainable people who are should be making money should be making money
there's not the overall prep like we don't if i lose a million bucks a year i don't fucking care
like that that to me we can't be losing 10 a year but like get it get it right
and Dan and I were saying
like we want
to reward the people who are bringing
money and but I still need that
bullpen like the misfits
the whack pack that makes us us
but it's just we've got we got a little bit
lazy and sloppy it was different incentives
we're trying to grow for pen it's like
revenue revenue revenue revenue revenue sometimes you can lose a million bucks but your revenue is three
and depending on how you look at it like oh that's a win they have revenue that we're getting away
from in the video you made like and i think it is our sports background like but when you bought
the company back and the next morning nobody's in there like nuts that is so crazy to me it's like when Rico wouldn't
blog it's just like so I guess those people you'll find out in the next six months like
who's gone and who's staying yeah and I mean it's a different our world so content's strange because
when I used to do it I'd be writing and working until like 12 1 in the morning so like I don't
care if someone's in there at 10 and to be honest honest, if I have to step on you to work,
you're probably not the right fit anyways,
which, again, I would say is probably similar to an athlete metaphor.
The coach has to be up your ass 24-7,
and you're not a little bit of a self-starter and want it yourself.
Ain't going to work.
Correct. Yeah.
Dave, as far as the comment is,
obviously it used to be all boss,
and then it's changed over the years.
Has there ever been a policy with comment,
where you just let it,
like the free fall that it's always been?
I mean, with anything,
we don't want it to be racist.
Right.
You know, anything like that.
Anything.
The easiest way I look at it,
I don't want hate.
Right.
If somebody's really doing something out of pure hate, it's bad.
Now, I'm not saying, like, if someone fucks you over, like, fucking blodge it.
You can hate him all you want.
But, you know, hate along the lines of racism, anti-Semitism, bigotry,
like that type of shit, there's no  I have no tolerance for that.
You just mentioned that Bloggit is the guy's name?
Bloggit, yeah.
The worst.
Scumbag.
How are they able to just get away with that
it's actually one of the scariest like uh things i've been through because i know what happened
and i've said this but with the bi stuff there's not like point zero zero zero one percent true
there's zero like i was there i was like know everything there's no truth to it and i have
the proof to show and i think i showed a lot of it but like i had and i couldn't get it out like i sued them because i wanted to be like at least
knowing you'd lose knowing i'd lose i just wanted like all i need is the report be like well how are
you showing if you have her texts or a couple how do you not have mine like how do you not have the conversation
because they tell a totally different like story like how does that possible how where this come
from like you have that fucking mooch that fucking yeah he's he's milf hunter from call her daddy
this is after it all went to hell and he was with sophia who both fucking hated my guts. You have this kid on a podcast saying he was fucking one of the girls who's mentioned the story.
And he's the one who introduced the girl to the reporter.
It's like, well, that's kind of an important detail.
Like how?
But the reporters can always say, well, the girl doesn't tell the truth.
How do we know?
It was very scary.
I mean, I remember when you kind of got
some info that would help like prove them wrong i thought i was talking to you were like maniacal i
remember feeling bad like this guy just you wanted to just show like and protect your not protect
your name like prove it's bullshit and then it in the end yeah it's like if people are gonna think
it nothing mattered and i'll still get people who say it fucking today they'll be like
whoa what about the women's like well they lied like what else can i say you want to go through
everything i have because it's the proof like one of they're really only two girls but one of them
like a week later is like begging to hang out and be like i can't believe you're like what one of
them open and only fans right yeah on the next day And it's on record before being like, I'm a liar. Is there a sense, though, that now, like, what else do you have now?
It's kind of almost like it's obviously not over for you.
You deal with it the rest of your life.
Well, it makes it a lot easier without Penn involved.
Yeah, because now it's like.
I mean, Business Insider launched two articles on the day of Penn's earnings.
I mean, what the fuck is that?
Like, you're saying this is just normal?
And by the way, the New York Times tried to write a hit piece on me.
And the lady who wrote it had won a Pulitzer.
So she's no joke for getting rid of Bill O'Reilly.
She's the one who brought down Bill O'Reilly.
When I say I got every single person I'm attached to from my kid,
girls I've never met being like
this lady reached out zero she the only quote she got against me was from my fucking dad being like
he's a degenerate like that was like it's all my fucking headline of the new york times article
dayport his own dad says he's a degenerate i'm like dad what the fuck um and ellio they got ellio
in the first article ellio's like ellio called me he's like you you owe me dinner i'm like dad what the fuck um and ellio they got ellio in the first article ellio's like
ellio called me he's like you you won't eat dinner i'm like why he's like i just talked to this girl
julia black for you at business i'm like you motherfucker it's like a hit piece you idiot
he's like oh man so they got ellio and my fucking dad that's it oh but yeah it is scary actually
well it's an amazing story i mean ari i don't know if
you got anything else real quick one of all the famous fans uh you have who's the one you're like
holy shit i can't believe this guy's a stoolie or a gal anyone like kind of blow you away like
i didn't realize this person was a stoolie no i mean you get to a point anything where it's like
you get amazed and it's like holy shit i can't believe this person but
i don't know now i i mean robert your friendship with robert craft is kind of awesome i mean he
invited me i sat next to him the game brady came back on the bucks he invited me personally
sent his helicopter for me landed at the stadium and sat fucking next to him for that game it's
unreal i i the the most ridiculous video, though,
is when you're with the actors,
all those famous actors for that fucking movie,
and the girl walks by, and she's like,
pizza guy?
It's like Jon Hamm and fucking...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's a classic right there.
Yeah, I mean...
Oh, well, the Gretzky story.
Oh.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you met him at the game.
I didn't meet him. He came up and asked me for a picture. Like, Wayne Gretzky story oh oh yeah yeah you met him at the game i didn't meet him he came up and asked
me for a picture like wayne gretzky we're in the box at the panthers game and i he was in the box i
wasn't like going up i was letting do his own thing he comes up taps me on the show he's like
do you mind if i get a picture with you took the picture shot the shit i like texted janet gretzky
now she's the best and she's the best so he turns walks away and then the guy
next to me and gaz gaz just shaking his head because he knew texting me right away he knew
he just asked portland for a picture what do you think of that yeah and the guy next to me is just
and i didn't know the guy next to me was like i cannot believe wayne gretzky and neither could i
that's like fucking surreal he's the best yeah and last thing no idea what to expect tonight really
depending on like what you see what you hear just who knows yeah uh i put like that's what makes barstool barstool i put
out the clip of the last awards and i mean i was in a bad mood because people didn't dress i mean i
was ripping people apart i think it'll be fun yeah today because i've seen the clips it's kind
of like a walk down memory lane. People forget all the craziness.
No way even 20 years we've been doing this shit
to remember all the memories and weird moments,
but it's trying to wrap it into a neat bow.
All right.
Thanks for everything, Dave.
Yeah, absolutely, buddy.
We appreciate you.
What you've created is amazing.
We're happy that you're in full control again,
and hopefully things will go back to the way they used to be.
Yeah.
I'm excited. you're in full control again and, uh, and hopefully things will look back to where they used to be. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm excited.
Before we go any further,
here's a word from our friends at factor with the busy fall season,
just around the corner.
You might be looking for wholesome,
convenient meals for jam packed days.
Factor America's number one,
ready to eat meal kit can help you fuel up fast
with chef-prepared, dietician-approved, ready-to-eat meals delivered straight to your door.
You'll save time, eat well, and stay on track with your healthy lifestyle.
Too busy with your end-of-the-summer goals to cook, but want to make sure you're eating well?
with your end of the summer goals to cook,
but want to make sure you're eating well?
With Factor, skip the extra trip to the grocery store and the chopping, prepping, and cleaning up too,
while still getting the flavor and nutritional quality that you need.
Refresh your healthy habits without missing a beat.
Choose from 34 weekly flavor-packed, dietitian-approved meals
ready to eat in just two minutes.
Level up with gourmet plus options, prepared to perfection by chefs and ready to eat in record
time. Treat yourself to upscale meals with premium ingredients like broccolini, leeks,
truffle butter, and asparagus. Need an extra boost to support your wellness goals and feel
your best for the rest of the
summer? Try Protein Plus Meals with 30 grams of protein or more per serving. This August,
get Factor and enjoy eating well without the hassle. Simply choose your meals and enjoy fresh,
flavor-packed meals delivered to your door, ready in just two minutes, no prep, no mess.
your door ready in just two minutes no prep no mess so head on over to factomeals.com slash chicklets 50 use the code chicklets 50 to get 50 off that's code chicklets 50
at factomeals.com slash chicklets 50 to get 50 off huge thanks to Dave for sitting down with us
for an hour or so
and having a chat.
I can't believe we hadn't
had him on before, G, huh?
I could have sworn
he was at least made
some sort of an appearance,
but never.
I've been trying for years.
I've been trying my hardest
for years to get you guys
to budge,
so I'm finally glad
that we could finally do it.
But interesting note
on that story
is he called Cap
on your story
about the Glenn Murray article.
Yeah, I mean, he did.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm not trying to fight with my boss, but I mean, I stand by what I said because he got rid of it.
Like I said, well, you got rid of the guy for something.
And, you know, I think because the message board revolted back then and he did get rid of him and open the door for me.
So, yeah, I mean, I would tell it.
I lie about that.
Like Glenn Murray, a playmaker, opened the door for me. And the rest, I mean, I would tell it. I lie about that. Like, Glenn Murray, a playmaker, opened the door for me and the rest is history. Did you
hear that, Pat Merles? Obviously, you didn't hear the interview. I don't know if you heard
the story prior to.
No, I can't wait to hear the interview. I was a little disappointed. I didn't get the
I wasn't there for it. I had a great question for him. I wanted to find out. People have
been telling me. I don't know if it's true or not but the reason Penn finally got
sold Barstool back was because of our chicklets boost we actually broke the book in the playoffs
on the last game there when we hit the Barbashev Vegas minus a half and over boost plus 550 and
then Vegas to win the cup in five plus 575 So people are saying those two bets broke the book and why
barstool sports book does not exist. And now Dave's back in charge. I want to find out if it's true,
but I'll just think it is for now on. Once the rainbow game happened, I think that changed
everything. That's what got the conversations going like, Hey, we can't take on this sports
book anymore. The rainbow game just, just lost us so much money. These chicklets, guys, are too good.
They're going to break us.
We're getting rid of them now.
Yeah, please.
I almost retired seven times last year.
At least I could say that now.
I'm not worried about getting a fucking email from corporate.
Oh, well.
All right, rolling right along here.
This week's Grind My Gears is brought to you once again by Big Deal Brew.
You can go to bigdealbrewing.com to find it to see where you can find Big Deal Brew near
you. You know, G, I had a pretty pleasant week last week. Things were great. I really didn't
have too many rocks in my shoes, so not a lot of bellyache in this week. It's kind of a generic
grinding of the gears, but when you're on an escalator or one of those people movers in the
airport and you're in a hurry, it's like a highway. The left lane is the pace guy. You should be going
as fast as you need to go on the left lane is the is the pace guy you should be going as fast as you
need to go on the left lane but the people just stand there one side or clog the whole thing up
and they get all huffy with you and you're like excuse me it's like bro it's an airport man people
are in a rush here you gotta get by them especially on an escalator too man it's it's
annoying it's annoying as hell and on the highway dude because i'm a speed demon i can't stay when
someone's in the left lane going 55.
Speed limit's 55.
It's like, buddy, you can see my tonsils in your rearview mirror.
Get the hell out of my way.
You're grinding my gears.
Get out of my way in the escalator.
And the people move it.
It's annoying when you're in a hurry.
Do people get in front of you and just not move at all?
Like, they just stand there because they're lazy?
All right.
I deal with this all the time in New york city because it's you walk everywhere here right so it's yeah it's not as much you know in the airport but in new york city people just
they'll just like they're walking in the middle of the street and they'll just stop you know like
look at their phone and then you bump into them or or or i hate when like a family or like four
or five friends walk five across on the sidewalk and i can't go around
them even if i try if i try to speed around them i i hate that so i'm i'm definitely on your side
for this one yeah yeah down new york the uh tourist game absolutely slows you down no matter
where you're going down you need blinkers down there too man when you're when you're walking
around actually you know what you ever shop at market basket around here g you ever you ever
go to Market Basket?
Dude, they need freaking traffic cops in those supermarkets.
It's a local supermarket, and it's just absolute mayhem.
Shopping carts going all over the place, wild scenes.
So, again, you know, it was a nice week.
Not too much to bellyache about.
Grind My Gears brought to you by Big Deal Brew.
Once again, go to bigdealbrewing.com slash find us.
Guys, I have a question
for you guys fire um a little am i the asshole as you guys know kfc radio's got the game am i the
asshole so saturday night i uh went out for some drinks we went out to dinner with some friends
um it was actually a birthday shout out becca and um we so we got muscles and as the, uh, waiter, uh, or it was more of the bus
boy was moving the muscles.
He dropped the entire thing of muscles of the hot, warm butter all over me.
Oh, legitimately fully all over me.
It was in my socks, all down my legs.
My shorts were fully drenched like my
whole bedroom when i got home smelled like butter and garlic so am i the asshole i asked i after
after i uh after he spilt it on me i was pretty rattled i was like all right i need a second to
just calm down and then when the waiter came back over i was like sir all right, I need a second to just calm down. And then when the waiter came back over, I was like, sir, like you just spilled so much
shit on me.
Is there any way I could get like, could I have a free beer?
That's all.
That's all I did was ask for a free beer.
And everyone at the table starts ripping on me.
And I'm like, I should be asking for a free fucking dinner right now.
The fact that this guy just ruined my night.
All I do is ask for a free fucking dinner right now the fact that this guy just ruined my night all i do
is ask for one free beer and everyone's like oh look at this karen over here asking for a fucking
free beer i'm like i'm like it's it's one beer i didn't ask for the whole meal to be comped so
what am i the asshole here like should i should i get a free beer yeah i would have asked for the
whole bill to be taken care of i would have gone big i said yeah you burnt me i would have asked for the whole bill to be taken care of. I would have gone big. I would have said, yeah, you burnt me.
I would have done that whole routine.
Get the whole meal paid for for everybody.
Yes.
So they didn't offer you anything after it happened?
Like just, you know, pick up the appetizer or anything?
No.
So the craziest part was, and this is why I needed a second to like step back.
The bus boy was younger.
I don't know how much English he spoke. he wasn't he he i tried to speak with him he didn't he couldn't really conversate too well but like the second
after he did it he like looked at me his eyes kind of opened up and he just like ran to the
kitchen didn't help me clean up didn't he just like ran away so that that's why i was so like
like if he was like,
Hey,
no problem,
man.
Like grab me some napkins,
starts like helping clean up.
He just ran away.
It was like a wild,
wild scenario.
I was completely taken back and shocked.
And that's why I was just like,
all right,
like maybe I can,
I'll get a free beer out of this.
And I got so much shit from all my friends.
It was wild.
Yeah.
No,
I wouldn't say you were the asshole at all.
I think maybe just the specificity
of like asking specifically for a beer
that probably,
that's probably where the comedy came from.
But no, I don't think you're an asshole.
I think probably the restaurant
is for not initially offering you something
for dousing you in garlic and oil,
not to mention spilling muscles all over the floor.
So that's the verdict.
No, you weren't an asshole, G.
Not this time anyways.
Thanks, guys.
Oh, shit. You just mentioned that new york city a show i've talked about a bunch of times i blogged about it it's uh called how to with uh john wilson i don't know if you've ever seen it man
it's the craziest show this guy he goes around he just takes videos of every little thing he must
take thousands of hours of video and he edits it to his like to his taste
to his liking and he writes the show around it's kind of hard to explain how to with John Wilson
it's like the third season dude is a wicked brilliant show he just videos everything and
he sent us a certain topic around it and he edits all this footage together it sounds kind of weird
the way I'm describing it but it's been on for a few years it's in the last season right now
Friday nights it's on I think nine o'clock of course it's everything streaming I'm describing it, but it's been on for a few years. It's in the last season right now. Friday nights, it's on, I think, nine o'clock.
Of course, it's everything streaming.
I can get it on demand.
How to with John Wilson.
Definitely a weird show.
What's his name?
Nathan Fielder.
The guy who does, you know, that type of comedy.
I think he's one of the producers on it, but it's all centered around New York City.
And this guy goes on like trips and shit.
Check it out if you haven't seen it yet.
What have you been watching, G?
So I've been watching a few things lately.
As we know, we're at hockey season.
Everything's about to pick back up.
So I'm trying to get my late night docs in before 6 p.m. to 2 a.m.
is all hockey.
So I've been watching a few things.
First off, Swamp Kings, that documentary on the Florida Gators,
one of the worst documentaries I've ever seen.
It's Urban Meyer propaganda.
It is just absolute ass.
It basically just like makes Urban Meyer and Florida.
They don't talk about any of the guys getting arrested.
There's no mention of Aaron Hernandez killing people.
It's just, it's a wild, wild, horrible documentary.
So hated that.
Yeah, I didn't like that.
Like those guys were working so hard in the gym.
And I was thinking back to my college days.
I'm like, I didn't even come close to trying to get as good as these guys did.
So that didn't give me a good feeling either.
Watching all those guys push those weights around.
Yeah, the midnight workouts they do.
That was kind of nuts.
One documentary I did watch that was incredible was bc high i mean bs high about
bishop sycamore and it's about that high school football team that basically it was a fake school
they were bringing in 19 and 20 year old players to go up against 15 and 16 year old high school
guys uh the head coach roy is as big a sociopath as I've ever seen in my entire life.
This guy is insane.
It's one of those documentaries where you're getting his side, and then he'll tell a lie,
and then it will cut to the lie he's telling and exposing him.
And then they interview the students and the players who are like,
oh yeah, he lied about this, he lied about that.
And then they cut back to him and he's like, no, I didn't lie about any of that it it is as wild as a documentary as i've ever seen
i don't have you have either guys seen that yeah yeah i watched it actually last night and
i is it still going on like by the end of it i was like confused like wait they're still gonna
play again or something it was the weirdest ending i gotta almost watch it again to hear it
yeah it's almost like, like they lost,
like the people who were like coming out,
like Roy,
like they lost because at the end of the documentary,
they're like,
well,
the COF,
the school that technically was associated with Bishop Sycamore is a
religious school.
So they technically don't have rules.
So they can basically do whatever they want.
So at the end of the documentary, they're basically like, no, this was actually all legal.
And he did what he was just doing within the rules.
So it was shocking.
Did they have a prom?
No, no prom.
You would know, Ari.
I'm sure you were there.
You're probably invited.
But one other thing I watched, too, the george foreman uh movie that just
came out about him um it just came out on netflix oh yeah yeah it's as someone who didn't grow up in
that era just to to learn about i mean i know george foreman is the boxer and the guy who made
the grills right i didn't know that how how tough it was how how extremely difficult of a life he lived and he
couldn't even eat every day like it was he's lived a really really crazy life and just to get to the
point that he was at is is wild and in job corpse like ra was that like a thing back in the day like
they there's this thing called job corpse where they basically send like 16 to 20
year old kids just to go learn how to do jobs it was it was just a a pretty pretty cool and
interesting uh docu pic is that what you call when it's like a movie about a documentary kind of
yeah it was it was a movie right it wasn't like a documentary actors and stuff yeah a biopic
biopic yes yes but it was it was incredible and stuff. Yeah. A biopic. Biopic, yes, yes.
But it was incredible, and I couldn't suggest it enough.
When people say biopic, it drives me crazy.
What were you going to say, Merrill?
No, I have nothing on that.
I watched that Painkiller.
We kind of talked about it before, and it was good.
I liked it.
I didn't really know a lot about that stuff, but I liked it.
It was the actor.
He was a hockey player i think
we played tim riggins in friday night lights taylor kitch he's awesome yeah yeah i like him
and it just it reminded me of like friday night lights like now i want to go back and watch friday
night lights it's football season that's one of my favorite shows of all time so just watching that
show was a great show but seeing timmy riggins was uh brought back good memories of that show every time i pass
friday night lights on netflix they have it's like the opening coach taylor monologue when he's like
talking to the players while they're all training and stuff it gets me so jacked up every time i'll
just leave it on that once that's over i move on yeah that's a great show if you haven't seen it
out there unreal show uh another doc doc, it's a three-part
series on HBO called Telemarketers.
That's the title. It's
basically about
telemarketers. It's how much of a scam it is.
It's insane
what these people are doing.
What they would do is they would go to a certain
police department and give them a one-time
payment to say, oh, we're going to do fundraising
for you. And then they would just call up and whatever they made, they kept after, after paying
off whatever department they were just giving money to. And they would, they were scam artists
and they went, you know, over and over like millions and millions of dollars, like old people,
they were swindling and they give the impression they're calling on behalf of police officers.
They were just a bunch of scam artists, but I only seen the, uh, like the first, but first part,
then a little bit of the second part.
It's three parts.
It's just insane that there's so many of these people out there just swindling folks.
But actually, the two guys who work there, they kind of turn the tables around.
That's kind of how the documentary goes.
I haven't finished it yet, but it's wicked interesting just to know how many millions,
if not billions of dollars, people just get swindled
out because they hear uh police they think you know well put the sticker in your car you won't
get a ticket they just bullshit people and it's amazing how much money people give you if you just
tell them a bunch of lies on the phone so uh check that one out also hold on g uh all right
their work i i know about that show they're working on season two already and they already
got pasha and g's credit cards it's all about that scam yeah yeah it's called domino motherfucker
oh shit but uh gee going back to swamp kings that's it's an interesting point a lot of like
critics have been talking about is uh an issue with documentaries when the subject is also one
of the co-producers you know they're obviously going to have some say in it and with swamp kings
obviously it was it was way too much.
I mean, it was Urban Meyer, who we know the guy's pretty much no good.
And he was, you know, pot making it.
They did what?
They had 41 arrests.
They didn't mention one of them.
That's crazy enough.
But in that same vein, though, the Jake Paul one, same thing,
Untold on Netflix, Jake Paul the Problem Child.
Dude, I didn't know much about those guys.
I think I mentioned before.
That doc was really good, man. Like, I didn't know much about those guys. I think I mentioned before that Doc was really good, man. Like they didn't hold back on anything.
I mean, they, you know, they,
it was like a warts and all type presentation.
They admitted they were dickheads and, you know,
when they were younger and made some stupid mistakes,
but I thought they pretty much came clean as,
as to far as, as far as all the mistakes they made in the past.
And I still think there's some mistakes that they left out.
Oh, so you know more than, more me like for example yeah i just i think there's there's a bunch of stuff that they
left out of that one as well i thought that that doc was great too ra but i i fully agree with you
like this whole i mean untold on netflix i had such high praise for them before this like last
round of documentaries they put out now And now it's kind of like,
it almost feels like they're just like a propaganda campaign.
Like with the Johnny Manziel one,
the Swamp Kings one.
It's,
I don't know.
Yeah,
I agree.
I don't think that the subject should be involved as like an EP,
a director,
but that's just me.
Yeah.
Kind of like when 30 for 30s first come out,
that first season was incredible.
Some of the best sports doc ever, sports docs ever.
Then after that, it just kind of went downhill a little bit.
But in that same vein, I think I briefly mentioned last week,
the one on Arnold Schwarzenegger, like the three pot one on him.
You know, as far as I know, they covered all the stuff, you know,
bad shit he did.
And he was very forthcoming with it.
And just an incredible story about him,
like the quintessential American dream that he came over here with,
with nothing and, you know, became one of the biggest stars in the world.
That's definitely worth checking out.
One other TV note, if you haven't heard,
Shorzy season two is coming back this fall.
It's going to be up in Canada on Crave,
starting September 29th,
and then down here in the States on Hulu, October 27th.
So Shorzy season two coming this fall.
Be sure to check it out.
And some more news.
We have a sandbagger, a big sandbagger coming out next week.
It is R.A.'s sandbagger debut.
We've talked a lot about this.
Kevin Bieksa, Ryan Getzlaff from Nashville,
comes out on the 6th of September, Wednesday, 6 p.m.
We are very, very excited for this one.
I think it's a top three sandbagger ever.
Oh, wow.
I asked Posh to send it over, not for edits or nothing.
I just want to make sure I didn't say any jokes about people that none of you guys got,
but I might have offended someone back home.
I just want to give it my looks over before we sign off on it.
But I can't wait for the one after, man.
Last week was
a... Oh my God.
Merle's, I'll tell you all the
stories when we get off. R.A. had
like legit the whole golf course
in tears at one point. Like it was
just an all-time moment and I can't wait
for that to come out. Same here, buddy. So
all right, boys. Any final thoughts
before we sign off?
Yeah, Champions Hockey League starts Thursday.
I'm just about to submit the blogs for all the previews
so you can learn about all those teams.
I'll be putting out picks.
We crush this thing every year, so it's fun.
Hockey is back.
There's a lot of good players in that.
Young guys, a lot of guys we saw get drafted in Nashville are playing,
so we'll start getting the hockey machine rolling here.
And just one more thing, guys. As we've mentioned many times on this pod,
we're not associated with Penn National anymore.
So all the support from the fans goes a long way, goes a lot farther now.
So buy the merch, subscribe to the YouTube, all of that.
It helps a ton.
It helps our jobs.
It helps our lives.
Anything you can do to
help you know with from subscribing to the pod buying the merchandise it's all so appreciated so
thank you to everyone who's bought the merch bought pink whitney big deal all that stuff
because like i said we're not associated with pen anymore and that stuff goes a lot farther for us
absolutely g bookie degenerate bookie degenerate bookie degenerate we can say it now all right
boys good stuff uh have a great week out there everybody and we'll see you next week with another GG. Bookie degenerate. Bookie degenerate. Bookie degenerate. We can say it now. All right, boys. Good stuff.
Have a great week out there, everybody, and we'll see you next week with another interview.
Take care.
