Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 464 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family. What is up gang? October is here, which means the NHL is back. It opens one week from tonight. We cannot wait, but we do have some huge news over in Sweden.
Congratulations to Mr.
and Mrs. Murley on the birth of Ted
Thomas Murley. He got his first shift
on September 24th at
5.41 a.m.
Murls, congrats, buddy.
Thank you, boy.
I didn't do much. I was
basically a water boy in there.
A couple clicks for my wife it's like
you talked about before what it's the craziest thing ever they go through that it was a battle
we're actually on our way up to the tim ramoto game and i had my whole spiel ready boots on the
ground ebr home team over and she started getting a lot of kicks and we said all right we're going
to shoot in and they're going to just check on her and we said all right we're going to shoot in and
they're going to just check on her and we got in there they're like oh let's we'll wait 40 more
minutes and see so i'm holding on like we're going to get to the game we're going to get to the game
nope they put on the the sound things 40 more minutes i gave away the tickets didn't make the
game so this was 12 hours later the big guy finally finally popped out. She's got an epidural.
Merle's outside the hospital trying to scalp his tickets, make a couple extra bucks.
Running a pool with the orderlies for what time he's going to come out.
Yeah.
And it's like so cliche to say, like, you just want a happy kid.
You don't care about the sex.
It got to that point when it was that long in there.
It was having trouble coming out. It was like, oh, my God.
I just wanted to be healthy.
And all of a sudden I came out.
I see.
I think I see a pair of nuts on it, but I'm not sure because it's like there's everything going on.
The cords, there's your placentas around.
It's just a mess.
It's like, get it.
And they take them.
They put them on my wife.
And she's like, I think I feel I feel some balls.
And I'm like, oh, maybe, maybe next, you know, they raised them up.
And it was a boy, which was really cool.
So we got a boy and a girl now.
That's awesome.
So are you guys done, you think, Merles?
We were talking forever.
We were done.
But all of a sudden, you get that little guy in your hands.
And it's like, oh, should we get another one?
And I'm like, let's wait.
It's only been a week.
Let's pump the brakes here.
Did you lock eyes?
Or did you have to watch it come out?
Like, how did it all work out inside the room actually this is funny i almost
i can't believe i forgot to tell this so they're talking all swedish in there and it's going it's
chaotic and it starts with just the two barn morskas like the the what do you call them in
midwives midwives yeah so barn morska is child mother and the two are helping her next you know
there's the doctors in there then Then there's another born Marska.
Then there's another doctor.
There's five people in there all going talking Swedish, blah, blah, blah.
And I don't know what's going on.
And I see the head pop out and I'm like, go push, push, push.
And she's like, shut up.
They didn't tell me to say that.
Or they didn't like they wanted.
They're taking a break.
But I'm like, I saw the head.
You got to get them out. Finish it.
Finish it.
I'm like, go, go, go.
She's like, shut up, you idiot.
I can still make the third in Timra.
Last push, he came out, and I looked a little more self than I should have,
but it was worth it, and it was amazing.
He's awesome.
Mom's doing well.
We're sleeping decently.
I won't be as sharp as i normally am a little less
sleep a lot less work getting done around here on the hockey front but uh great times here so
there's a lot of history with the name thomas in your family i asked i should have waited to ask
on the podcast but they're like pretty much everyone in your family has a thomas in their
name whether it's first or middle yeah so uh my father's obviously thomas funny thing is my mom's
dad's name is thomas and she had a brother thomas so he had a business sister with paul oh come on
fuck off
yeah so then my uncle made it thomas connell so i have a cousin thomas my brother's thomas
my middle name is thomas my nephew's middle name is thomas so now we have another thomas connell so i have a cousin thomas my brother's thomas my middle name is thomas my
nephew's middle name is thomas so now we have another thomas a lot of thomas is going around
and uh made me think of a player and bill thomas i played with you know in uh billy so you can have
first middle and last name hey merle would he go by ted or teddy i yeah i've been i've been calling
him teddy the whole time and she's like it's ted it's ted but i like teddy i'm thinking i'm thinking if he gets some size in him we can call him bear you know
it'd be a great nickname if he's on the ice if he's playing hockey bear so we'll see he's got
your lower half of my besides i know you got a little dumper on your quads yeah you're thick
man you're like that you got the kylie jenner special going you're getting injections in that hoop of yours i'm trying to get it reduced now i keep stepping on
the scale and it's going the wrong way oh yeah that's send it to me and he keeps popping every
time you fucking jack up the treadmill that's you just you just mentioned placenta and this guy's
face lit up like a christmas tree paul biz nasty business what's up placenta finn what's going on
buddy haven't talked to you in a bit on the show. Oh, just so fired up for Chicklets Cup.
We have Terry Ryan, El Capitan of the Big Deal Selects coming on a little later.
What a riot.
I think we got 75 minutes with him.
Oh, my God.
He is one of a kind.
Let's just put it that way.
Looking forward to you guys hearing that.
But, guys, nothing much here.
Staying disciplined.
Eyes on the prize.
Trying to stay focused to bring home my first Chicklets Cup.
And, of course, this week, who ends up on NHL Network?
Nose-faced fucking killer winning some other ball.
He was on NHL Network?
Oh, you think he wasn't?
Chirping us in the big deal selects.
Telling us he's going to take us down.
What producer there fucking allowed that mug on TV
he's as ugly as ever
he gets ugly by the day that guy
but yeah really nothing much that exciting
here just kind of waiting
and staying disciplined
last night I was in bed at like 9.30
lights out woke up today at 8
almost fucking 12 hours sleep
just chugging along here buddy
how were you so tired were you
just like it was just your body talking buddy i'm doing fucking two-a-day workouts over the weekend
doing weight sessions then doing like two-hour hikes and stuff doing sprints at the at the
soccer fields i've actually been working out with that jordan smaltz uh nick schmaltz of the
arizona coyotes brother i actually, one thing I did this weekend
is we went and watched the Canelo fight. It wasn't much of a fight. He had some guy, that Cholo guy
who jumped up a couple of weight classes and it wasn't much, but that Canelo is a G, man. His
post-fight press conference was awesome. So he's always a riot to watch. I don't know if his next
fight's going to be against the guy he had his second loss to. I don't know if his next fight's going to be against the guy he had his second loss to i don't know if he's going to end up fighting him again i try to follow as much boxing as i can but
it seems to be a bit of a dying sport other than like him and tyson fury seem to be the guys on top
i feel like ufc's really taken over biz what uh what a trailer for the last dance for you by
pasha oh yeah that got me fired a little more. Are you going to be on the bench with us?
Fuck yeah, dude.
I don't want to call myself coach,
but I opened the door
and I really fired the guys up.
And maybe if you win it,
I'm like an assistant coach.
I'd get a ring,
but I don't want to say
I'm head coach
because it's definitely
a team coached
by the players itself, right?
You guys don't need a head coach.
You just need a verbal support guy.
We do have a head coach. Terry Ryan Sr why that's why he gets the drinking budget barely
talk most of the tournament so i can help him coach let's go with that he tells the same stories
over and over to motivate us a couple actually other things i had written down last week i think
was the first time that we launched our graphics on our youtube channel throughout the podcast so
people can follow along that makes it a lot easier.
That was Sean Apuzzo's idea and he's been handling all that.
So it's a big hit.
A lot of comments in the,
in the chat after the podcast was released.
So shout out to him and really all our guys behind the scenes who make this
thing work.
And they'll be on the boots on the ground at a chicklets cup,
making sure they capture all the content,
all the games.
And we're going to be rolling out all those vlogs
on our Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel.
The one other thing I'll say before I hand it over, R.A.,
I see some tweets and Instagram posts sometimes,
people not familiar with what exactly is going on
with the itinerary of Chicklets Cup.
We're going to be talking about all things Chicklets Cup
after the Terry Ryan interview,
so make sure you listen attentively, and we're going to be talking about all things Chicklets Cup after the Terry Ryan interview, so make sure you listen attentively.
We're going to talk about the whole timeline
in which you can come to that free concert come Saturday night.
All the players involved,
we're going to be going and getting free tickets
if you are a member of the tournament
going to the Buffalo Sabres-Pittsburgh Penguins game on Friday.
So listen up for the Thursday, Friday, and Saturday itinerary.
That's coming right after the Terry Ryan interview, 75 minutes with TR.
It's going to be a blast.
Well said, Biz.
And as always, make sure you follow us on Twitter, Instagram.
Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel so you don't miss any of our shenanigans.
Like I said, Sean's doing an awesome job lately.
Also, this guy does a great job too.
Mikey Grinelli, our producer.
What have you been up to, buddy?
Nothing.
Actually, nothing at all.
I have been alcohol-free for four weeks.
I haven't left my couch in three weeks.
So I couldn't be more excited to see Chicklets Nation,
to watch old Busy Boy bring home his first Chicklets Cup title.
But we do have a little update on our front from the Chicklets Cup.
There won't be a Barstool team this year.
Unfortunately, we couldn't get all the guys together.
So no Barstool team at the Chicklets Cup, but
Murrells,
Colby, and myself will be auctioned
off at that Thursday night party
to play on anyone's team, and that money
will then be donated to charity.
It's actually better. You'll have the chance to play with the Game Notes
guys. It could be pretty fun.
Very excited to get to Chicklets Cup and
play with some of Chicklets Nation.
I'm surprised since you're such a Portnoy charity. I'm surprised since you're such a Portnoy bag licker, you didn't mention that Very excited to get to Chicklets Cup and play with some of Chicklets Nation. The charity is the Ted Thomas Horley Charity.
I'm surprised that you're such a Portnoy bag licker.
You didn't mention the most expensive sale in Massachusetts history.
42 million for the house that he purchased.
With underground tunnels.
With underground tunnels.
So apparently he wasn't aware of the underground tunnel before he purchased it, which is kind of bizarre.
Wouldn't you go walk the property before you're about to drop 42 sheets on something?
How are you not aware of a tunnel that connects one of your houses to the other on your estate that you spent 42 million on?
That makes absolutely no sense.
But the most expensive house ever sold in the state is him or bought is him.
I mean, Jesus Christ.
You don't think he wanted people to know that?
I think he had every single person at Barstool write a blog about it.
Some of those staff members are such bag lickers when it comes to Portnoy.
It's like almost embarrassing.
Yeah, it's like, buddy, you got the job.
You're all set.
You don't have to worry about it anymore that's actually the second most impressive uh real estate
news that last week uh the first one being that sphere have you guys seen the videos coming out
of vegas of that concert that you wow you two i think they have 25 straight shows there to open
it up it's one of the more that we were there actually during uh stanley cup finals and hank
went on a tour of it before it
opened up and he goes buddy this thing's gonna be fucking like this thing's gonna make waves and i
was like i don't know if i'd want to like go to a concert and be like looking around the whole dome
the entire time but after seeing the clips come out of that that is one of the most fascinating
things ever built i think they spent like like a billion and a half how much it was like three billion
dollars james dolan the owner of the nicks my msg in the ranges yeah he it was supposed to be two
two and change and you know cost overruns whatever it cost over three billion dollars to put together
i mean i know that guy's been knocked for a lot of things but it was actually his idea he was
thinking of a new way to present the concert whatever and yeah you mentioned youtube they're
doing a residency there because they can't have like a band
come in and do one or two shows
because the setup, the video,
it's so much work
that they're only going to be doing
like residencies there.
So like bands that come in,
they're going to do, you know,
several shows like U2's doing.
And I don't know if you saw the video.
I saw the video of the numbers
and then like the,
it's almost like the top.
It looks like it's coming down
and kind of collapsing on you.
That would definitely freak you out
a little bit.
Maybe a solid place to have some R.A.''s mushrooms before you go oh yeah right but the one though the
outdoor version of it the the scene of where you're in the mountains and the clouds that was
i mean even watching it on twitter it looked insane so i can't even imagine being there i
love you too i would i would i mean that's got to be big dough to go see a show there right now.
Those tickets have got to be expensive.
At least I think it was like 500 bucks minimum to get in because PK was there with our buddy
Chris O'Sullivan there, too.
And Trunk Finn, our business buddy we haven't known for a bit.
He did a nice little tweet thread about the whole story, history of the place.
But we've gone from Sweden to the Southwest to New Jersey, back over the ocean to the
Ryan Whitdog. Buongiorno,
Whitney. How's Italy, Ireland, all those places
treating you, pal? Oh, guys.
What did I leave? What
a nine days I've been on.
Just an incredible trip to
Ireland. We had 16 guys, like
I mentioned, and the
captain of Team County down here,
Shrooley, obviously we got it done we we took
it home boys we we got a big w and it was a great time i mean we landed we played royal dublin right
when we landed we flew overnight um we then drove up to northern ireland uh where we played port
rush just this beautiful golf course and i will say, the bus rides are kind of hard, right?
Like, I can't even imagine the bus drivers.
They're driving.
Well, it's normal for them.
But left side of the road, the roads are tight over there.
Merles, you mentioned that to me.
Like West Coast Wagon Tour?
Oh, dude.
Nothing was that bad.
Thanks, Brett.
Along the Pacific Coast.
Brett?
No, but my boy Ned was, oh, he was farting the whole way the guinnesses were just
killing us dude i got a picture i'm telling you keith yano and i were sitting next to him and
neddy's just dying laughing at us it was it was something oh oh it was amazing but so we played
port rush um then we played port stewart day. We played 36 there the next day.
And then we played this place, Castle Rock.
So the wind, we got lucky with weather.
It was blowing 25 to 30 miles an hour every day.
That sucks.
Dude, I actually played.
I shot 75 at Port Rush in 25 mile an hour winds.
It was probably the best round of my life.
But if you hit one offline with
any spin dude the ball you would watch this thing go i'm not kidding 200 yards right to the gorse
but we ended up playing castle rock which is a cool course dude it was blowing 30 to i'm not
joking 50 mile an hour gusts and it was pouring the entire time and we just had to play like what else you
gonna do guys are like let's just go to belfast and sit at a bar all day like that's not a good
idea with this crew we don't need that we gotta just play golf whatever deal with it netty'd have
to be wearing a diaper at that point i was in yanzas i was in keith's group i have never seen
a more miserable human in my life. He was standing there like this.
You know the picture of Patrick Cantlay and Xander Shoffley from the Ryder Cup
when they just looked so miserable that kind of went viral?
That was Keith.
Keith said, that was me.
Patrick Cantlay is me.
Not more miserable than Portnoy during our sandbagger.
No, way more miserable.
What?
Dude, we're standing on the 10th tee and keith is
dead silent he just looks at me he goes i got way too many shekels in the fucking bank to be doing
this right now he was disgusted and we're walking up and then ned sees he was like give me a hug
keith he goes get away from me it was he was just i mean i didn't blame him it was the worst weather
i've ever golfed in in my life.
But in the end, I mean, we basically had to throw away all our clothes.
But a fabulous trip.
Royal County Downs, I think it's like the number one course you can play in the world.
It's beautiful and amazing.
So it was a hell of a trip with great guys.
We had two nights in Dublin.
Dublin's a cool city.
I'd never been.
I'll say this, though.
The food in Ireland is the worst goddamn food you could ever imagine.
When I played in Cardiff, it's all like meat.
The meat's okay because a lot of it's grass fed, but everything comes with fries.
It's fries.
It's bacon, French fries, other potatoes.
I didn't have a vegetable.
I still haven't really had a vegetable because now I'm in Italy crushing pasta.
It is the worst food ever.
The people are so nice and friendly.
Worst food, worst teeth.
Oh, teeth are brutes.
Guinnesses are better over there.
I don't like Guinnesses at home.
The Guinnesses over there are pretty solid.
Although, like I mentioned with Ned, they just crush your dumper.
I mean, there's absolutely no asshole the rest of the trip.
I didn't know, though, that Guinnesses are like the best beer for you.
The lowest calorie.
They have a lot of iron in them.
I was shocked by that.
Shocked.
So I had two great nights in Dublinlin and then i flew over to rome
this city is one of the dirtiest cities i've ever been in now that's a dog that's a dog right off
the hop there's trash everywhere but i've had a great time we did right when we got in a tour of
the coliseum at night oh he did the did the night tour. This guy was so animated.
It was incredible.
This is where the gladiators walk out to get their fate.
Do they die or do they live?
And then he's showing us,
they showed a video of the gladiators walking out.
I didn't know.
They had different type of fighters.
They had guys who were like grapplers. They had guys who were like strikers,
like almost like MMA.
And then they showed us that they had,
they built like a water system in there.
And at one point they were flooding the Coliseum floor
and having like naval battles in there.
Same type thing.
And also the thing that blew me away
was the gladiators. They lived and trained.
Like, it's now underground next door to the Coliseum.
So the guys, and this is where the gladiators,
they live with their families and their friends.
And then the next day, you fight your friend to death.
Who are going to live?
Who are going to die?
Are you going to survive or meet your fate?
Sounds like I should have went there to prepare for Chicklet's Cup.
It's going to be a whack in the north end next time.
I was blown away that they'd all train and live with their families,
and then just, boom, they'd kill each other the next day.
And I also was wondering how often they had the gladiator fights.
I figured once a month.
They had 150 of them a year.
And the guy said every 10 shows, 9,000 animals would be killed. I may be getting that number
wrong. They had elephants coming in from Africa. They had lions, tigers. And then standing on the
floor and looking around, I thought the place was going to seat about 15, 20 K, 45 to 50,000.
Wow.
Looking around, that was built 2,000 years ago.
It really was incredible.
I absolutely loved it.
I will say like the city itself, you can't, it's really hard to figure out where you're
going, Merle's.
Like, it's like, everything looks the exact same, but in terms of the size of the buildings, and knowing all these,
like, the Pantheon, that thing's a unit, that thing, it's huge, and then all the stone, I just,
I couldn't get over the fact that in Boston, you have these amazing, like, historical places,
and sites, and things you can see from, I't know 200 years ago this is 2 000 years ago
so i've really loved that and and the food's been great so last night we go to this dinner oh i got
to look at the picture of the name because this place was recommended by everyone it was the best
food i've ever had i'm not kidding biz this place was uber eats you know yeah yeah not as good as granelli's orders russ russ killio russ
killioly russ killioly so we go there i have a nice table outside it was a 9 30 seating and um
i went inside to go to the bathroom and i was walking inside you could see like into like kind
of a back room i actually noticed this painting it was like a painting of a guy's face with a red line through his forehead i noticed wow that painting kind of
grabs your eyes it was like ugly as shit but it grabs your eyes and then the guy sitting beneath
the painting now he was the only one i could see in the room he kind of looked at like looked at
me and then looked and like i could tell he recognized me he didn't say anything but he was
like oh like and i was and i just was like kind of gave him like one of those or whatever so i go down to the bathroom and i come back out now when
we had sat down we're sitting outside there was a guy sitting right next to our table he was solo
big black guy and he had a headphone in he was jacked i'm like this guy's a monster and he's
watching his phone and he's laughing at memes and videos on Instagram. I was watching.
He was like, one guy was running into a car and the guy's like, I'm like, what's this guy doing?
Just eating alone.
Well, in the middle of dinner, this other guy comes and join him.
He's got a beard.
Now, this guy speaks Italian because he was talking to the waiter in Italian, but he was
talking to the other guy in English.
And I said, this guy looks like a badass, too.
Who are these two guys?
English. And I said, this guy looks like a badass too. Who are these two guys? Now, our friends,
the Shaw's we were hanging with, his wife said, I know these guys are bodyguards. These guys are bodyguards or something. I said, I have no idea what's going on here. One guy's watching memes.
The other guy's pissed off that his food was taken while he kept turning around, kind of looking,
where's my food? Where's the waiter? Waiter was great. so all of a sudden um the guy who i had
originally had seen who recognized me but we hadn't spoken he walked out and he walks around
kind of right next to our table leaving the other direction he said hey whit love the show love the
show um i said oh thanks a lot buddy appreciate. And he was walking with two other people. He was walking with two other guys and a girl.
And all of a sudden, my wife and my buddy's wife,
they were like, there's somebody famous in that group
because people were waiting there and all of a sudden
asking for pictures and stuff like that.
And it was a guy in a hat.
You couldn't really tell.
And my wife's like, oh, that's the guy from Yellowstone.
You know, the guy, Casey, the actor.
I was like, how can you tell?
I can't even see anything over there.
And sure as shit, they get a couple pictures and they walk away.
Well, of course, those two guys sitting next to us, they were bodyguards.
But I'm thinking, why does Casey Dutton from Yellowstone have a bodyguard?
Yeah, that's a bit much.
Why would that guy have a bodyguard?
You should have a bodyguard if he's got a bodyguard.
I was calling him Jamie.
I was like, my wife's like,
no,
that's the psycho brother.
This is the other hot brother,
whatever.
So,
well,
at this point they leave and this guy walks over another guy.
He's younger.
And he says,
Hey,
Whit,
Hey,
Whit,
what's up,
man?
Huge fan of the show.
I wanted to say hi,
but I had to say hi to Justin first.
And I was like,
Justin,
I go,
is that the guy from yellow knife? I said, yellow knife's like no yellow stone casey and the guy's wife's like yellow stone just
it was justin timberlake whoa jessica beal get the fuck out of here so the guy who originally
saw me and recognized me he was with timberlake i was like shit he might end up telling him who i
was because justin was probably like that guy you just said hi to we could have got him on the
fucking podcast yeah and then and then i said to the kid that so then the kid came over he was on
his honeymoon from chicago huge huge hawks fan the kid got up at like two in the morning on his
honeymoon to do his fantasy hockey draft but we chatted with them for a little bit and he's like
my wife and i we knew he was in there and we had to wait for him so they ended up
getting him i was like shit because justin timberlake had been at the rider cup as i had
been on sunday i ended up getting tickets i ended up getting tickets i mean pretty cool experience
actually amazing experience well we got to dive into all the these antics and the drama. And I don't even follow golf that closely.
And I was so invested.
And I was dying at your Instagram post at the fact that the captain of the Ryder Cup has you blocked on Twitter.
How the fuck?
That was years ago.
That was years.
I've always been.
He tweeted years ago, I love my wife so much.
And I retweeted it, wrote, what a loser.
I was just kidding around.
I was just kidding around.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I've always.
Don't tell Bree.
Don't tell Bree.
She didn't laugh at that.
She wants me tweeting out, I love my wife so much.
Settle down.
Tell your wife that.
Zach Johnson is, oh, i've never liked him his face
he seems like one of those cocky nerds you know there's nerds and then there's cocky nerds he was
just driving me crazy when he used to be like i mean the guys won the british open at saint andrews
and the masters horrible captain the one of the worst captains in Ryder Cup history. What, G? I have some breaking news.
It's pretty big.
What?
Trevor Zegers just signed a new deal
with the Anaheim Ducks.
Three years, 5.75 million.
Yeah, that's about where I saw him.
Wow, good for him.
Good for him.
Good for Trevor Zegers.
Wow.
There we go.
Suck on that, Verbeek.
I think that's a fair deal.
Back to the Ryder Cup stuff, though, and then we're going to talk about Trevor Zegers getting his deal.
Can we also talk about my, I mean, to take the Zegers dry still for Dalit.
I mean, I am an absolute joke of a human.
And Buffalo Sabres.
You were ready to go to the depths of hell for that one, too.
I was ready to go to the jury this weekend.
Have I been dethroned
i didn't know it's like brutal what do you mean he's not brutal he just i want to see what he
does everyone's saying he's brutal no he's not brutal he's a great skater we'll see well you're
the one who said he was brutal you said he was no i didn't yeah you did you texted me on the side
don't lie what are you talking about fucking pull
up the text right now i never fucking somebody else i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry that was
somebody else what i said on the podcast was is he only played five games last year because i want
to say he separated and fucked up his shoulder within the first 10 games of the year so pump
the brakes now mind you if zegras and dry still go on to completely light it up, I can go back and say that I was 100 correct on that.
Okay.
Right.
The Ryder Cup, I said all along that the U.S. was going to lose.
Their team, there was one big problem with the Ryder Cup right now.
It's just flipping back and forth.
The teams are getting dummied on the road every time.
And a lot of it has to do with you can set it up any way you want.
The home team has to control the setup.
But this setup was set up super fair
because the European team was kind of similar in terms of long drivers.
They didn't make the rough crazy.
They should put it in a neutral site, like go to North Korea for one.
And then Kim Jong-un.
And then if you make a double,
you have to dodge a rocket launcher.
Him and Rodman decide the rules.
But basically, the European team is so close and invested and proud.
And look at it.
It is such an honor.
And they look back to all these legends
of the game who played in the Ryder Cup.
And the U.S. team,
half of these guys just want to get paid.
They don't give a fuck.
They look at it like an obligation. Like thisrick canley and xander shoffley can't lay i
apparently have heard that the reports not weren't necessarily true that he was he wasn't wearing a
hat and because he was trying to like protest protesting against the fact that they weren't
being paid which when i heard that i like, then don't even fucking go.
Exactly.
Then why are you going?
So I don't, I don't, a lot of the team came out and said that it wasn't true.
And he didn't wear a hat and whistling straights either,
but he wore one for the president's cup.
Well, maybe he didn't want that tan line on his forehead
because some of them have the worst forehead tan lines.
I don't know.
That guy looks like somebody who might want to wear a hat.
He's not exactly like. Ski mask. put a usa ski mask on him next one he came out and said it didn't fit
him that was the problem oh yeah yes but i'm assuming if you knew it didn't fit could you
not find a hat but whatever rory's not worn a hat in certain rider cups but the whole aspect of like
team and golf i it's like go out and get the job done. You're
playing golf. Now, when you have a pairs, the thing with the US is they can't win alternate
shot. They suck at alternate shot. They can't beat the Europeans in alternate shot. So apparently,
how close-knit their team is, it makes a huge difference. But the US team,
Cantlay and Shoffley didn't even go over on the trip
to play the practice rounds.
A couple guys didn't even go to something right before the tournament.
It does seem like they really don't give a shit, and they got waxed.
It was a pretty cool Sunday because for a little bit,
it looked like they might have a chance to come back.
But in the end, just a dominating, dominating display.
So there's a couple things i want to
ask you about so what's the deal between kepka and rom i thought rom handled it pretty good to
diffuse the situation but like what's kepka doing why is he trying to stir it up with rom
i have no idea i don't really understand what he was talking about rom has a fiery temper out there
and i think he can get pretty pissed off and maybe pretty vocal and kind of hit.
I don't know.
I don't want to say hit things, but just like be openly upset.
I don't think Koepka's like that.
He's kind of just like stoic as he plays golf.
So maybe as they were playing in that match, he kind of thought like,
wow, he's acting a little ridiculous, and he decided to chirp.
But maybe not the best time to chirp as your team's getting thumped all around Marco
Simone, but Rom handled like a
veteran. I actually love the line. He said, I
don't claim to be the
like the, what did he say? The
best example of how to act on a golf
course, but I mean, I'm
proud. Am I out of line here to say that
Kepka's old lady has the nicest set
on tour? Like they're just popping
out every time you see her in like an Instagram.
Is it,
I'm going to pass on that one.
I'm not a,
whatever.
I mean like you could say it,
but I see where you're coming from.
I'm not a guy.
Okay.
Well,
you,
so you don't want to compliment him on the fact that his wife has a,
an unbelievable set.
Uh,
the other,
uh,
piece of drama that happened was,
I want to say after day two,
when Rory was going after, um, getting into it in the parking lot before he got into his car with a famous caddy.
Now, I don't know anything about golf.
Who's the famous caddy?
And what was he getting into it with?
Well, he was yelling at Jim Bones McKay, who is Justin Thomas's caddy, but was Phil Mickelson's caddy for like 30 years.
But he was actually pissed off at Joe LaCava, who was Tiger Woods caddy but was phil mickelson's caddy for like 30 years but he was actually pissed off at joel
lakava who was tiger woods caddy now he's patrick cantlay's caddy and before tiger he was freddie
couples so he's kind of been this guy must know where all the bodies are buried oh this guy oh my
god he's a giants and rangers fan i believe actually well he had he had mickelson tiger
and who and couples yeah no no. Mickelson was McKay.
He was the guy that Rory was yelling at in the car,
but I don't think Rory was mad at him.
Rory was mad at LaCava.
Because what happened was that lunatic, that vampire, Patrick Cantlay,
he actually birdied the last three holes to win his match against Rory
on Saturday night.
And it was already pretty much over,
but that gave them like a slimmer of hope
to be six points down or five points down
instead of seven, whatever it was.
And after Cantlay made a bomb for Birdie on 18,
they had been doing the whole thing
where because he didn't wear a hat
and the report came out
that he wasn't wearing a hat out of protest,
well, the fans were waving their hats at him the entire day after this news.
Oh, yeah.
So what the U.S. team was doing after he was making putts was taking their hats off.
It was just like a stupid golf thing.
Hat.
Yeah.
Basically just joke.
That's why that's why the sport needs fighting.
Exactly.
The sport needs fighting.
It would be so much better.
I mean, the whole it's like it's like drama that just seems to be just like trying to be oh it's so fucking petty all of it yeah but i but i also
love it but it made it more interesting it's good for the ratings so lakava is waving his hat around
right for a while there was a video that came out it shows like a wide view angle the guy was
walking around where rory still had a putt to tie the match for birdie on 18.
He's standing like right near Rory where he's trying to line up his putt.
And he goes on for a while shaking his hat, not giving a shit.
And Rory says something to him.
And then I think he says something back to Rory.
And then all of a sudden Shane Lowry from Team Europe, the drunk Irishman,
he starts screaming at LaCava.
And then Rory's pissed off and LaCava's giving it back to him.
And it was just kind of a scene on the 18th ring.
Not like he would have made the putt anyway, because isn't his putter brutal?
I don't know.
Rory was sick this week.
I think he was like four and one or something.
But LaCava saw the last sandbagger and thought he could act like R.A. on the greens.
Well, Rory was so heated that in the parking lot,
I think he saw McKay and he was so mad that he started screaming at him and then he's getting held back.
And then Matthew Fitzpatrick's sitting there drinking like a protein shake
instead of a beer.
You'd think they'd have a beer, but they got matches in the morning.
And then it was just kind of like you don't see that in golf.
Rory flipping out.
He's just as tall as the car, too.
He's just a wee little guy.
And he was furious at La Cava.
So it was just kind of some manufactured, it felt like, golf drama.
But definitely made it a little more exciting.
Yeah, trying to sell it for day three, even though it was a little out of hand.
I think it was 10.5 to 5.5, as you mentioned.
Now, what are your thoughts on Rory?
I feel like over the last four years,
he's kind of became this little dweeb on tour.
He was crying about the Liv shit,
and then all of a sudden he didn't take the bag,
and then fucking Liv ends up joining.
What are your thoughts on this guy?
Listen, this is from a guy on the outside looking in,
and I just kind of read the comments and follow along,
but we'll end it after this question.
No, I love watching him golf.
I love watching him golf i love
watching golf i definitely would say in the past year or so some of his press conferences are a
little annoying like right before the tournament you know they asked about live guys and kepka
was there he was the only live player representing either team and he's like you know they miss being
they miss being here a lot more than we miss them.
It seems like he can't really stop talking about the Liv stuff.
And I don't know if he's just still pissed off that it ends up looking like
they might be merging anyways, the Tor and Liv.
But for a while, it seems like he's been pretty mouthy about Liv
and how much he hates him.
Whereas I'm just kind of like, dude, why don't you just give it up?
You're one of the best golfers ever.
You're lighting it up everywhere you go. You're rich as as hell it just seems that he's a little bit petty but i just love watching him swing a golf club
it's pretty sick so i i mean in the end he's not like my favorite golfer but i respect the hell out
of him and he seems to be yes a little bit whiny in press conferences in media all right yeah well
it's been 30 years since the
u.s has won the rider cup on european soil right they don't give a fuck i don't think i really
don't think they do i think that europeans care way more about the rider cup than americans so
i don't know where it goes from here but i wish it could somehow be competitive
at like at some point with the away team like having a chance to win or getting it done.
Because every year you see a five, six-point win.
It's kind of boring.
You just want an exciting Sunday.
Exactly.
We want to mention his name.
Luke Grimes is who plays Casey on Yellowknife, Yellowstone.
And you know Cole Hauser, he plays Rip on Yellowstone.
How the fuck do you not recognize Justin Timberlake
and mistake him for a guy on Yellowknife?
He walked out.
He's like, and he had his hat down.
And then the guy that I saw said, hey, Whit, big fan of Chicklets.
I buddied him, too.
I was like, thanks a lot, buddy.
No, I'm saying I'm not buddying him.
I'm just saying buddy.
If I say buddy to you, it's a term of endearment.
I'm not buddying him.
But I said buddy.
And then I don't know.
He had his hat pulled down.
Jessica Biel looked beautiful. Oh, she's a
missile. I was going to say, that's who you should have recognized.
I know. I know.
Seriously.
Alright, guys. Wit here. And you know what I'm here
to talk about. That's Pink Wit.
And we've talked about the football tailgates
and we've talked about the summertime
when everyone crushed the Pink Whitney.
And now we have Chicklets Cup coming up.
And we have a very special band
playing Saturday Night Dirty Honey.
And their concert, their show is sponsored by Pink Whitney.
It's going to be a memorable, legendary night
with the Pink Wit flowing all over Buffalo
as I hope it is all over every other city.
And if you have a friend
that you think is the ultimate life of the
party, you can nominate them and you could win a Pink Whitney NYC trip. That's right. A trip to
New York City. One lucky winner will receive an epic New York City trip for them and three friends
for you guys hanging out, complete with a tour of the Barstool headquarters in New York.
Ten secondary prize winners will receive Pink Whitney party packs
with everything you and your crew need to take your shot
and throw the ultimate house party.
We're talking nips, we're talking other size bottles,
and more Pink Whitney for every party you attend.
It's easy to enter.
Just go to PinkWhitney.com, enter your info,
nominate your Life of the Party friend,
and describe how they always make the party next
level for a chance to win the ultimate pink whitney new york city trip that would be incredible i hope
everyone gets involved i hope we see everyone slamming the pink with it dirty honey and of
course most important make sure to head on over your local bar and order some pink whitney
we appreciate it all right nobody introed you i'll say this thank you for
ending the writer's strike everybody's trying to play it off like we talked about it afterward but
we recorded the last podcast on the friday and then the writer's strike ended two days later
and even though the podcast hadn't dropped yet i think your rant and grind my gears was heard
around the world and you ended the writer's strike so thank you so much we'll be getting some new content on these streaming services in no time all thanks to
your grind my gear is brought to you by big deal brew is it isn't it just temporary though
or is it completely done no that's just the writers we still gotta get sag which is the
actors union they got the writers union down oh that's easy actors union down yeah that's the
easy you know little pre-chick let's bump out no what i was just saying that who what's his name cole hauser he plays rip
on uh yellowstone you know he's actually he played billy in goodwill hunting as well
did you know that it looks like you a little bit with the curly hair oh the redheaded guy yeah
that's the fourth guy that's yep that's rip rip from my yellow yellowstone is billy from goodwill
hunting yeah how's that blow your mind? Wow. Holy shit.
Good stuff. We just broke through with
Trevor Zegers. Three years, 5.75
million. Dryde's deal
is up next, but apparently he wasn't going to take
anything less than 5 per David Pagnotta
for the program. Biz, this is
about what we just expected, like we said a few minutes ago.
Oh, rightfully so.
I agree with the kid. As much
as sometimes I would have, if I'm Verbeek, I would question minutes ago oh right rightfully so i agree with the kid and you know as as much as like sometimes
i i would have if i'm verbique i would question like whether to hand them the the long-term
extension like some of these kids are getting eight times eight out of their entry level
i think that he wants to see if zgris has that other level but for a guy who led your team in
scoring and a guy who is basically going to be your first line center it was a slap in the face
to hear that three times four number so i think that it ended up in a perfect spot i would have said three times
six would have been fair but uh overall i'm sure they're very happy to get their guy and and one
of which like i know they're not going to be a good team but he puts asses in the seats and
especially the younger generation uh of a fan in southern californ California. So good for him.
Great kid.
And I hope he lights it up and continues to evolve his game.
Now the Drysdale one's hard because he's being, he's probably being stubborn about
his number two, but it's hard because he didn't play all last year.
If I'm him, I just probably take like a one year deal.
And then that's more of a prove it situation.
Like Zegers has played what three years now and every year over a year has accelerated his offensive numbers.
So I just I have a hard time comparing the two where I think that if Drysdale is not happy with his number, take a one year deal and at a low, low number and fucking prove it, buddy.
I don't understand.
Like I under I should say I understand Pat for being cold and strong and wanting to kind of announce his presence with authority a little bit and that maybe I'm not a huge fan of your game and how you play.
But if this ended up being the deal, you get the guy missing like all this time.
What the fuck are you doing?
Is this trying to show how tough it how tough you're going to be as a gm well okay now the guy's completely behind the eight ball probably have a little bit
of a slow start to the year when it's the exact deal everyone thought he would get to begin with
so that that that i that doesn't make any sense to me that doesn't i'm happy for zegras though
good amount of cake he makes a good living makes a bunch of dough. And then hopefully after three years, he's exactly what they hoped he'd become.
And and is a, you know, maybe 80 point guy, 90 point guy, if he really lights it up and he can get that huge payday.
It's just so weird to me that you have a holdout like this and then it ends up being exactly what everyone thought.
At least Nylanders back in the day, he got more than everyone thought.
Right. like he kind
of won that one i think if we were if i remember correctly uh no i would i would say that the
leafs ended up winning that one he got seven a year didn't he he got 6.9 seven years i believe
at 6.9 and granella you can take a look at that one but he ended up having to wait till uh about
no late november maybe early de, close to the cutoff.
So he missed a half year salary to eventually get what he probably ended up deserving.
I think he was that guy where the fan base in Toronto almost didn't want him to get paid because they'd already given up the Marner contract and they'd already given up the Matthews contract.
So they're like, somebody's got to pay the piper here and not get their huge, enormous payday.
So I guess most people would say that Austin Matthews
is playing up to what his salary is.
And from a regular season standpoint, probably Marner too.
But based on what Nylander's done since he signed it,
he's overachieved compared to what he's getting paid.
And that's probably why he wants...
It was a six-year, 45 million so six december 1st what year he signed it on december 1st 2018 yeah that's what's
weird about this too a week to the season like you're if you're gonna hold strong like get it
into the season make him miss some games like you said it's weird to be fair maybe his camp wanted
a long-term deal so in in the grand scheme of things, if I'm Verbeek,
I think I've won this side of the deal.
You're not giving him some crazy number.
You're giving him a bridge deal,
which is becoming more and more uncommon,
and at a very fair number where he led your team in scoring,
yet he's only going to be making 5.7 million.
So I just think, yeah, I think that Verbeek got it in a good spot.
I would imagine that anybody wants security when you're a young guy seven million so i just think yeah i think i think that verbique got it in a good spot i i would
imagine that anybody wants security when you're a young guy and you and you've proven yourself the
way that zegers has so um i think i maybe maybe it was a mental fuck but uh overall i'm pretty
sure verbique got it where he wanted yeah he's in the fold and uh probably time to talk about
some hockey here biz we're gonna lead off with your tweet the other night uh this year's preseason
has been extra spicy, I tell you.
Chili pepper, chili pepper, chili pepper.
Absolutely love the hatred coming into the season,
which takes us to Vegas, L.A.
I mean, the season hasn't started yet.
We got the divisional bad blood already going.
Vegas is Mark Stone not happy at all with the hit he took from L.A.
King Hayden Hodgson.
He shared his thoughts after the game.
Gee, roll that audio, please.
That's probably the last time I'll ever play against that guy.
Not really much of a player, so leave it at that.
I think I scared him a little, didn't I?
No, I honestly, I was looking around for, you know,
some of their talented players and trying to run at them,
and he was really the only one.
So it's unfortunate you're playing against a team like that.
They're trying to make a name for themselves.
And, you know, losing preseason.
Did Frank Clark respond to you during that little interaction?
No.
He's done.
We're done.
I mean, you heard it.
Not happy.
And then, Biz, to continue your tweet, if you're the Kings
and you don't call this kid up for the first regular season game meeting
against the Knights, you've dropped the ball, in my so elaborate on that you you you gotta just to troll uh what
Stone's comments were now keep in mind I was Hodgson's I was the guy running around being a
donkey in training camp trying to make a name for myself and what does he do he goes and takes a run
at Vegas captain Stone and all of a sudden his name's all over the media so everybody knows who
this guy is now but
going to stone every was everybody was poopy pants and saying oh the guy's got an ego on him
if i was if i was stone and i had to accomplish what he'd accomplished and i had some fucking
nobody taking a run at me i'd be chirping him in the in the media afterward too that was a straight
run from the from the front of the net it was kind of a i don't want to say it was a clean head
it was it was a clean hit,
but he fucking took a run at him.
Yeah, and I know what you're saying,
that I actually see total both sides of this.
I do understand why Stone's pissed off.
I know why the Knights were pissed off,
but this kid, dude, he's trying to make a living.
Come on, he's trying to make a living.
This kid's going to do whatever it takes.
He runs around.
He fucking tries to hit their best player.
If Vegas doesn't want to risk the fact of their captain getting injured,
don't play him in the preseason.
And I understand him being disgusted,
and I think it is pretty funny the chirpy through.
That'll never play against him again.
But, buddy, like, you're out there.
You're the best player on the team how else is
that kid gonna get noticed he's gonna run you over if it was a if it was dowdy i'd be like
fuck what's he doing like two vets right you know like why why would it but in terms of a guy trying
to make the team and trying to actually like show what he can bring that's the that's the number one
guy you want to run.
Because then the team knows,
and the Kings know,
and Rob Blake knows,
this kid doesn't give a shit.
So it was really,
it was a very clean hit though.
I do want to say that.
Nothing wrong with that hit.
And Stone getting up
and just looking like a madman
trying to find him was hilarious.
And a bunch of guys got in,
so it shows how close Vegas is too.
That's what I love about the Golden Knights team,
is not one guy hesitated to jump in there and come to the aid of their captain.
So that just shows what they're built and made of.
But yeah, no, overall, I agree with you.
Clean hit.
But I mean, taking a run at a guy like that is a little bit disrespectful.
But when you're in his situation, you can't give a fuck, right?
You're trying to make a name for yourself.
Yeah, like, oh, hey, I got sent down because I was respectful.
Who cares?
I made the team because I was a piece of shit.
That's the goal.
Looked like one of those gang initiation videos where they jump a guy in and just beat the shit out of him.
Just curb stomping him.
And I'm totally down with what I said before.
Mark Stone has had all these injuries.
He's such an amazing player.
I would not play him in preseason.
Let him struggle if he needs to
the first three games of the regular season.
I'm not playing.
I'm not playing my superstars in preseason hockey.
I'm not.
You've seen it happen in the NFL now,
which is obviously even more injury prone,
but I'm not risking that shit.
And not against your rival either against the Kings.
If you're playing Columbus or somebody,
all right,
let them out there.
You know,
that game's going to be heated.
I want to ask you in a camp like that,
where,
you know,
you are probably more of a skilled guy.
What would you do to get kind of get noticed by the coach?
If he was sort of on the bubble,
if you know,
that wasn't your game.
I actually had the same type of thing kind of happened to me.
I was in Pittsburgh.
We were in Columbus.
It was the last game. And I went in to start a big fun bunch. I was like, I got to get noticed
here. I got to get a fight going. I go in, I start grabbing guys. And I was always a good
shit talker. I always could have a comeback. And I think it was Tyler, right? He goes, Hey, kid,
grab your per diem and get back to Wilkes-Barre. Nobody's going to fight you.
I was shocked. I didn't know what to do. I had no
comeback because he was 100 right. I was
going back to Wilkes-Barre the next day.
So he got me good. He shut me right up.
But yeah, you're trying anything and I
don't blame the kid for doing that and I don't blame
Stone for saying that.
I think you're right, Biz. I think they should
call him up. If not in the regular season,
can you imagine in a playoff series they call that
kid up? They'll have them so rattled. It'll be great. season, can you imagine in a playoff series? They call that kid up. He'll be all.
They'll have them so rattled.
It'd be great getting their heads.
Biz, we got a new meme from the hockey world.
The little double wrister in Pittsburgh the other day.
That's every time Connor Bedard breathes.
They got that meme coming up of this Pittsburgh kid.
Have you seen that one on the Jumbotron wit?
It was ridiculous.
And my favorite part was the camera man immediately panics.
And then the girl in the crowd's like, oh, shit.
By the way, what a sicko that kid is.
Double-wrister.
He's just got the gluck-gluck going in the crowd watching a preseason game.
Yeah, the Lisa Ann special.
Sit down and have a drink and enjoy the Penguins.
What are you doing?
But what is the cameraman panning over to him for?
I think he just didn't know he was doing it until he came to his field of vision.
I would imagine you're not expecting a kid of that age to be doing a double wrister with a mascara dripping in preseason.
But good for the Penguins fans getting engaged early.
That's what Army meant by a competitive training camp.
They got everybody, all hands on deck.
Is he saying they suck or they blow, Biz?
I couldn't figure out.
No, he's just being
absolutely pervert. I think he was signaling to the ref. He wasn't
happy with a call.
I think he was signaling to a girl on the
other side of the arena. That had
nothing to do with the Penguins. That was just
a sick, sick kid. That's how these
kids communicate nowadays. Seriously,
huh? Our pal Kevin Weeks
had a big scoop about Tampa goalie Andre
Vasilevsky. He's going to be out eight to 10 weeks.
He had back surgery last Thursday.
I guess he had an injection in August.
The relief was only temporary.
He felt something off in the first practice.
So you got that surgery done right now.
Tampa has Jonas Johansson and Matt Tompkins manning the crease.
Now, I know there's lots of talk about the dynasty in Tampa, blah, blah, blah.
We're going to do them next week.
We're not going to talk about them right now because, you know, we're doing the Atlantic next week.
But big story to get to.
Also, Calgary's Michael Backlund signed a two-year, 9 million extension.
He was subsequently named the 21st captain in Flames history.
Nice.
The 34-year-old forward becomes the fifth new captain before the season starts,
along with Ma Shan.
You're two for two now.
Didn't you say Brandon Shen, and you also mentioned Backlund?
I know, but those two are pretty obvious.
Those two are pretty obvious.
That's nothing special.
Quinn Hughes, Adam Lowry, the other two.
Right now, Anaheim, Arizona, Chicago, Philly, Seattle remain C-list.
Biz, is Lindholm up next?
He's in the last year of a deal that pays him 4.85 million.
It feels like the tide might be changing a little bit here for Calgary
after the Gaudreau exit and Matty Kachuk
and it felt like the sky was falling on these guys.
What do you think the future is here, Biz?
Well, they definitely got to lock him in.
He's an incredible first-line center.
I don't know what his number is going to be
because when these types of guys get the free agency,
you can't rarely do guys of this caliber,
especially center icemen, get the free agency.
So I don't know.
I would imagine his number is going to be probably in that 10 million range for a long-term deal especially if you see
what huberdo got uh but if they don't lock him him in then you're probably looking at at some
point a full rebuild and not resigning tanev and zadorov and all these other unrestricted free
agents that they have coming up this offseason. Right? You've got to start somewhere.
If you're not going to have your first line center, it's just like you might as well start from scratch.
I would think they'd be trying to do that as quick as possible
because he either lights it up and they do great
and he probably doesn't come back because of how much money he'd get
or they struggle and he doesn't play awesome
and then he's like like get me the fuck out
of here but if you could get it done now so i don't know if the kid's saying uh let me let me
wait on this i'm not sure i think it seems to be that he just wants to see how the team does
so hopefully as a calgary flames fan he starts off hot the team starts off hot and around american
thanksgiving you sign him to a long-term deal i I would think, yeah, it'd have to be eight years.
How old is he?
Can you look that up quick?
Is he 28, Lindholm?
I don't look up quick.
That's G's job.
He'll take care of us.
Somebody let me know on that.
But he, yeah, he's a hell of a player.
And I do think that they're going to bounce back.
28 years old, you're correct.
28?
Yeah.
So, yeah, I mean just it just seems like it has
to happen quick the longer it goes on the less likely it is to happen i would think uh talking
about science pretty cool video uh ottawa senators had a video with uh jabril torre that he facetimed
his mom as he signed his first contract really refreshing video uh merles will go to you on this
one he was just a kid very exuberant but this kid's undrafted. He's 6'7", a defenseman who played for OHL Sudbury last season,
signed to an amateur trial at 3A ELC.
Merle, who did you call or who did you talk to first
after you signed your first pro deal?
Yeah, I was at home, and there's nothing like it.
Back then, it was a fax machine.
The fax came in, and you have that NHL logo on the contract.
You sign it.
And the best part was, I think, a week later when the check used to actually get a real check came in the mail.
Same thing.
NHL logo on there.
Few extra zeros for the signing bonus.
That was fun.
But I was always with my mom and dad when anything big happened like that.
How soon do people try to hit you up for some dough after word got out?
Yeah, well, I was actually on the books of my mom at that point because I was in college my
senior year. I had run out of money, obviously going to Turning Stone Casino too much and buying
beers at the bar. And my mom gave me her bank card actually my senior year, and I could just
go take money out whenever I wanted. So she was the first person I had to pay back. And
I had a couple of buddies that I had to lend some money to.
One guy I'm still chasing around for a hundred bucks still.
And,
uh,
but nothing too bad.
I always just care.
Everybody.
They didn't need to ask.
I got a text when I signed,
cause I was picked in old too,
but I didn't sign until it was old four,
I think.
And I got a text that said,
um,
Hey man,
you don't know me,
but,
uh, my name's Paul Bissonette.
I'm a Pittsburgh Penguins draft pick as well.
And I was wondering if you could lend me five grand.
And I was like, who the fuck's this guy?
Didn't even know him yet.
He's already looked at the money.
Shut the fuck up.
Oh, shit.
But I remember I was with my family and it was a great feeling, super grateful.
And then you're so emotional with them like
this is happening because of you because of what you've done for me my entire life and and and
it's you're very appreciative for of your parents at the time and then i got the check 592 000
i was like holy shit and i said i'm gonna buy an escalator my dad goes no you're not i was like i
can't even buy what i want to buy so i had to buy an Infinity Q45 that I got chirped for because it was like a 65-year-old
guy's car.
I drove around.
What an Escalade.
The thing was trash.
It was actually a nice, smooth ride.
But I legit, I mean, I look 65 now.
So say when I was 22, I looked 42.
I guess it was just not a great look for an NHL rookie.
When you signed the big ticket there
did people like legit try to hit you off the door
Hey Witt, congrats, little taste
for the old buddy here or what? No, nobody?
No. Ah, good. What about you, Biz?
Your first on a deal. Who'd you call first? Who'd you talk to?
Well, it was a lot different than Witt's
I mean, what round were you drafted, Merle? Fourth?
Second. Oh, you were second rounder?
Holy shit.
Ranked first round, not a big deal my
drinking the night before the draft at the draft so my my signing bonus was 175 grand it was
actually the the year after the lockout good not not bad but it was a year after the lockout where
they no longer had those big bonuses so all the big dogs from my draft ended up signing right before
so like they knew it was going to get canceled.
So Marc-Andre Fleury got like 1.1, maybe 1.2 million,
plus all these crazy bonuses in his contract,
where as soon as the lockout hit, that's where they started,
where I think the max a first-rounder could get was like 300,000 to 350,000.
So pre-lockout, there was other guys in like the third and fourth
round that were getting like three, three 50 in that range. So, Hey, still super pumped and you
know, you're making 50 a week and junior. And all of a sudden you're, you're getting paid about
110 grand a year for your first three years of pro. Cause I think at that time, our AHL salary
was 55 grand, which adjusted for inflation i mean
we were making over that's where that's where when 100 grand actually got you somewhere back
then in 2005 so um but i i think the first thing i bought was an f-150 and the thing lasted me six
seven years loved it kind of like with though my parents were like i really wouldn't buy a new car
but you get that bonus and you're just so horny to get something new and car seems to be the play. But no, I didn't have any family members.
What'd you get? Yeah, the 50,000 Denali.
It still has it though.
It lasted 16 years, but yeah, it's not the smartest purchase right away.
But if people listening, if they're wondering why these uh signing bonus keep
dropping i think daggle had like 10 million and then it got down to a million now it's down to
like 90 000 it's because the players association gets to to bargain on this and the guys that are
in charge of the players are not ever going to be rookies again so the first thing to go is the
rookie salary cap so that's why the young guys get screwed. It's crept up year over year.
It's probably close to 400 grand now.
Oh, it's going back the other way.
It's like it's in that 350 to 400 K range.
Whereas you said, so you got half of your bonus right away.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then I think the next year I got the same check.
Fuck.
That's a nice deposit.
Just investing the shit out of that.
Sadly, summer has come to an end.
But that doesn't mean the Labatt Blue Light should stop flowing.
Whether you're on the golf course, at beer league, or watching some football,
you can't find a better beer than a fresh Labatt Blue Light.
Lots of things are better together, like we said, hockey, food, golf.
But if you really want to take things to the next level,
drink some Labatt Blue Lights with your friends and live life to the power of we.
Mmm.
Outstanding.
Everyone is excited for the Chicklets Cup this week.
Me?
Fight up to be in Buffalo, the home of the tasty Labatt Blue Lights.
Nothing like a fresh Canadian pilsner.
Why you enjoy some downtime before hockey season's coming soon.
And remember, take a page out of the Labatt Blue Light book
and enjoy your beers together so you can live life to the power of we.
You can find Labatt Blue Light at labattusa.com slash finder.
Hopefully you find one like I do right here.
Lots of Labatt Blues this weekend, R.A., at the Chickas Cup.
Lost count already, buddy.
We haven't even got there yet.
The second you see those Labatt Blue silos once you enter the city of Buffalo,
you know it's going to be a good time.
I can't wait to drink some of that blue light.
Can't wait to do it with you, buddy.
See you there, my man.
The Sens also named our longtime NHL defenseman Steve Stahos as president of
Hockey Ops.
Again, we'll dive into this more next week when we cover the Atlantic Division,
but congrats to Steve Stahos, former Bruin back in the day.
The Blue Jackets hired Hockey Hall of Famer Mark Reckie as an assistant coach.
And one other note with Columbus, we want to send our best wishes to Columbus beat writer Aaron Portsline.
He said she had some personal news Monday about his kidney disease.
It's gotten worse and he's seeking a transplant and he wanted to raise awareness.
And, you know, we'd like to amplify his message.
It's very important about organ transplants becoming a donor.
He said that at least 100,000 people are waiting for one and about 90 of them
are waiting on a kidney. He's had about nine people looking for a match, but he's still
searching. He mentions people can become either a direct living donor or declaring it on their
license should they pass away. And a good pal of mine did this a few years ago. He donated a kidney
to his aunt, you know, extended her life. It's one of the biggest things I think you could do
for a person to actually donate an organ.
He listed a few sites as well.
Lifelineofohio.org, DonateLife.net.
And this is a tough, tough one.
OSUwexMedLivingDonor.org.
You can also go to his Twitter handle at A. Portsline, Aaron Portsline,
a great beat writer for Columbus.
So, Aaron, we wish you the best, man.
We're hoping that match comes soon,
and nothing but good health for you going forward, my
friend. So, boys, I think we should
head over to the Central Division here.
Let's dive in.
Alright, Chicago Blackhawks first up. I mean,
I know there's a lot of big teams out west,
but Conor Bedard, man, he's the story this year.
Last year, the Blackhawks, they were 30th
out of 32 teams. Last in the Central,
only 59 points.
Haven't been in the playoffs since 2020.
They're 200-1, Burles, to win the Cup this year.
They brought in, obviously, Bedard as a rookie.
Also signed Ryan Donato, Nick Foligno, Taylor Hall, Corey Perry.
Jonathan Tame's no longer there.
He's not retired.
He's kind of in limbo right now.
Alex Staloc, Caleb Jones, Jujar Kyra, and Anton Hudobin all moved on.
Got a bunch of cap space, only 13 million.
But, again, the story's bedard here.
They're going to kick off the season ESPN one week from tonight versus Pittsburgh.
Sid, the kid, what was it, Sid versus the kid, they're calling it.
Whit, what's going on with Chicago?
How are they going to do this year?
What's the focus on this?
Just every night bedard or what?
Yeah, they're going to be horrible, but they got this kid
who I can't even get over
some of these highlights already.
I mean, that rushed the other night,
the fake pass, and then he kind of
goes between his legs. What
defenseman on Detroit was that? Because
he's probably immediately sent down if it wasn't
a right one. Chalios. Was it?
Oh, yeah, he came back, right? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, Babs actually called himself.
But his skill level and his shot, no matter how bad the Blackhawks are,
it's very similar to Merle's and I in Pittsburgh.
We were must-watch because of Sid, his rookie year.
And same as the Capitals with Ovi.
And if he had scored that goal in a regular season game,
that would have been similar to Ovi's rookie year goal in Arizona
when he walked by everyone and scored from his back.
That's what you expect to see, and that's what's so cool.
As I mentioned, the kid that I saw in Rome after dinner,
he's just so excited.
He knows the team's going to be bad.
He's a huge Blackhawks fan, but he just gets to watch this guy.
And I think I said last week he's going to get 40. He's a huge Blackhawks fan, but he just gets to watch this guy. And I think
I said last week, he's going to get 40. I just, he's going to play so much. He's going to be able
to be out there most of the power play and you're going to get to witness some very special things.
So as a Blackhawks fan, you want the team to lose. You want him to do well. That's actually
the goal. Hopefully he gets 40 goals and 80 points and the team finishes dead last. That's actually the goal. Hopefully he gets 40 goals and 80 points, and the team finishes dead last.
That's actually your goal as a Blackhawks fan.
I hate to break it to all you guys,
but then you get Max Celebrini or Cole Iserman,
both going to BU.
One's already there.
Thank you very much, BU Hockey, Jay Pandolfo.
So it's about rebuilding,
and it's about getting this franchise player
accustomed to the NHL
and learning how to play on the road
and learning how to play this many games
and most importantly, probably learning how to deal with the media
every single night.
I was always so amazed by Sid.
He's fucking unbelievable already.
He's unbelievable.
He's already kind of disgusting.
For a kid his age, he's excellent.
There's guys who are 10-year vets who are worse than him.
But he's shown to be a little annoyed already.
And Sid never gave...
Yeah, but he kind of like... He gives it back a little bit in a calm, cheerful way.
It's a playful way.
Exactly.
Okay, but Biz, every single city...
You remember Sid.
It was 25 reporters every morning, every practice, every postgame.
And if you're not super mentally strong, I know people may think, what is this guy talking about?
Like, who cares?
It's media.
It wears you down.
I bet you Sid would say the same thing.
So having to play the games and having to produce and having to learn the league and being on the road and then having to do these media obligations every day is exhausting.
Especially when you're going to be losing most nights and the frustration is probably going to mount up.
And if he's not scoring, then it becomes even more difficult, which I don't think will be an issue.
I would assume if you polled maybe 99.9 of their fans would agree that they would rather see Conor Bedard score 40 goals in their team missed playoffs than him score 20 and their team make playoffs this year would you not agree with that
yeah i would because you know if you're getting in it's like the eighth seed you got no chance to win
that i mean that's that's an interesting one i i i would assume it wouldn't be 99.9
yeah making the playoffs is a big deal but they they surrounded him with some nice wily veterans they got uh i mean who's the guy on the fourth line felino they got in there they got
cory perry so a little bit of protection guys who are going to teach him the way and deflect a
little bit of that attention that you just mentioned as far as the media is concerned so
we all know they're not making playoffs they're going to be brutal but all of a sudden one player
makes a must watch and you just mentioned they kick off things on ESPN on Tuesday and then Wednesday we got him in a back-to-back against the Boston
Bruins so he's he's starting off on prime time both nights so that's the way to do it the NHL's
got it right and also Chicago they have 13 picks in the first two rounds of the next two drafts
and eight pending UFAs on this roster so they're going to be like chock full of picks you know
after this year I'm sure they're going to be trading some of those guys and just going back to the media stuff he
kind of reminds me a little jack hughes biz as far as like you know kind of the playful aspect
like someone asked him you know when you were out there on the ice sheet you weren't looking at the
bench did you want to stay out there he's like yeah i like hockey like you know kind of like
not quite a wise ass but you know a little fucking chuckle there uh also by mid-season he's gonna be
like fuck you yeah suck on this
piece of shit with that question next oh also too did you see the clip they were talking to him and
you could see him look over and kind of grit his teeth and like make a mad face because one of the
reporters stepped on the logo uh in the locker room and that's like a huge point of contention
wish has an ongoing battle with the fact that some of it partly makes sense that they make them so big in the middle of the room where when reporters come in, there is really nowhere to step.
But it's the unwritten rule.
A lot of teams now, though, with the new locker rooms, they're putting them on the ceiling as opposed to the floor, which is probably the way to go.
No?
Yeah, just to avoid that. I'm in the camp of put something around it if you don't want guys who cover the team and have never played hockey and could give two fucks from stepping on the logo.
Put a little barrier around it, right?
We had a Mac go over it in Pittsburgh.
Remember, they would pull the mat out when the media would come in.
So the Mac could go over it, but your feet can't.
Four by four.
go over it but you're four by four just him getting mad at a reporter like dude the guy the guy is grinding away trying to write story after story about the worst team in the league he's
never played a sport in his life he could give two fucks if his nike's step foot on the corner
of the black hawks logo so players getting mad at that is ridiculous if you don't want somebody to
step on it put something around it which I think teams have done,
haven't they? Yeah, they do typically in the playoffs.
I know the Bruins have. They put those sort of
movie theater ropes around it just so it doesn't happen.
As far as a guy who's been
in a few of those locker rooms, to me it's a
workplace thing. You're going to somebody else's
workspace and they basically have one rule.
Don't step on that thing. I don't think it's
a big deal to not do that. It's not a
huge deal. I know it's a big debate. At big deal to not do that it's not a huge deal I know it's a big debate
at the end of the day it's not a big deal
I want to go back to one thing too about
Padad's dietary habits
his mother had said he's never had
fast food he will at some point but he has
never eaten McDonald's or anything yet
I think we all know when we eat well how you feel
and then we kind of go off the rails I think he's just
aware of that feeling on game days he'll
eat chicken, rice, vegetables, shrimp mashed jams, chicken salmon kind of go off the rails i think he's just aware of that feeling on game days he'll eat chicken rice vegetables shrimp mashed jams chicken salmon kind of a rotation yeah a little
bit just from squid fire but just the fact that i mean ellie's diet yeah right the fast food part
maybe but it is unusual for a kid of that age to never have eaten fast food no wit i mean yeah it's
it's it's pretty wild it shows his dedication I would imagine he's not boozing
much either then I I smell a Ned Flanders coming all of a sudden he's going to be like the biggest
fucking booze bag in the league at a certain point at a certain point something's got to give
and if you're playing in Chicago and the amount of L's are going to be taken this year I wouldn't
be surprised if he ends up at the Rhino drinking a few bottles of vodka. That friend is a sober.
Yeah, it's surprising never having fast food.
But when he wants it that bad, he's just looking at one goal in life,
being an NHL superstar.
I would be surprised if he's never boozed, though.
Like in junior with all the guys, world juniors, never?
We'll find out.
When he's pranked the tank, streaking through the United Center,
crippled after the Blackhawks lose their 27th in a row.
Merle's gambling stuff right here.
His call the odds are minus 140.
I know we talked about it over the summer.
I had never seen a call the odds in a fucking negative,
like a minus like that.
A guy's that much of a favorite.
He's not like a plus 200 or 300.
Obviously, he's the chalk here.
Are you putting something on him
or are you going to go for a little something off the board the board maybe i'm gonna put a little something on him just
because i want to watch him i actually watched that exhibition game the other night and it was
amazing i i felt like he i know it's lesser competition a lot of ahl guys but it looked
like he was in a beer league he's cutting across the middle he's holding on to it so i want to be
able to root for him but my other my, my dark horse, I don't know if
it's really a dark horse, but I'm going to
little hedge on Hughes in New Jersey.
What's he?
7-1? 7-1, yeah.
I think he can be next
level and he has all the weapons to get a ton
of points. So he's in a perfect situation.
Yeah, 30 and a half
goals. I'm not sure if that's going up. Me and Posh have
a little bet there. I was willing to go way higher than me and posh is going that uh badar doesn't get 30
yeah being him made a bet i have over 30 and a half or maybe 31 and a half he has under
and i you know he's posh got way more money than i do i was going to go 10 times the
the actual bet we made but he was too scared so what are you going to do all right boys obviously
we don't have to go through all of us. None of us have Chicago getting into the playoffs,
right? Pretty obvious.
All right, next up, the
Biz team. Coyotes, last
season, 70 points, 7th in the Central,
27th out of
32 teams. Last time they were in the playoffs was
2020. 130
to 1 to win the Cup. Lots
of new faces down there this year. Logan Cooley,
unreal rookie we're going to see this year jason zucker matt dumper sean dersey alex kerfoot uh nick bugstad
troy stetcher travis durmont zach sanford this is a team biz i talked to you the day man like guys
are kind of gravitating to this team like you know we have fun when we goof on the stadium and all
that shit but there's something like it feels like they're building here busy am i wrong here or what
the unbelievable young talent and probably the most excited i've been for a
coyote season in a long time like with all those young names you mentioned like michelle last year
like he was dancing everywhere great play playmaker uh great puck control he's like he's a fucking
unbelievable passer you just mentioned logan cooley uh when i was over with nick schmaltz the
other night he said like highest talent he's seen out of a young guy
come up with this organization just like naturally in a long time.
So you got him in the mix.
Obviously, he's going to have his growing pains
and he's still got to grow into his body.
Gunther, who spent a little bit of time up last year,
just a crafty player, really good around the net,
maybe a bit undersized.
But I mean, that doesn't really
matter if you in today's game it's not as physical as it once was and they obviously are calling more
and more penalties on guys you know who are protecting the puck and doing the right things
with it uh that top line barrett hayton really finally came out of his shell in the second half
of the season playing with uh schmaltzy and kells so as far as that top line is concerned, I'm excited to see what they can produce.
And it just seems to be the same MO
over the last two, three years
with them going out and signing these guys like Zucker.
They had Bugstad last year
and then they flipped them at the deadline to Edmonton.
I thought he looked great in Edmonton,
very well liked here.
So they're basically just collecting those types of guys
like Kerfoot as well, where I would imagine that they're going just collecting those types of guys like Kerfoot as
well where I would imagine that they're going to be very competitive up into the deadline
and then they're going to flip those types of guys for you know maybe if you're lucky a second round
or if the third and fourth round picks um you know maybe a little bit thin on the back end but they
got some some good young guys in the pipeline like I like thatj moser he's he's a stud he's solid he's solid
back there but once again plays for the coyotes so you don't hear a ton about him he's a little
older too for his like second year yeah uh a guy who i'm excited to see a younger guy is derzy
who maybe didn't get the ice time to to flourish in that offensive defenseman type role with la
because dowdy was there but you know he comes
over here and now that Goss Despair is not here and he's moved on he's going to be able to get
those types of reps uh their goal their goaltending is excellent they have a great one-two punch in
that Vemelka and and Ingram and I said last year they kind of slap lipstick on a pig sometimes in
a non-good way and that's why we end up drafting you know fifth or sixth or seventh overall we're never getting those high picks so my so from a
coyotes fan perspective i hope they are very relevant and they're playing good hockey and
you see these guys these younger players kind of elevate their play as the year goes on but at the
deadline get rid of these other guys for some picks and then they end up tanking and they hopefully get a first or second overall draft pick because i
they can't it ain't gonna happen dude you can't keep staying in this limbo area you can't you got
to get you got to get some other players to compliment these other guys that you have coming
in and and hopefully it sucked though because these other guys that they drafted this year the
two russian kids who were playing in the KHL,
because they're on KHL contracts, they couldn't come over here
and participate in training camp or even playing any exhibition games.
So you really don't know what you got until they're able to step foot
on North American soil and show their stuff.
But Bill Armstrong's known for his drafting and developing,
and obviously from what we're seeing with these young prospects coming up,
like the Gunthers and the Michellis and those types of players,
he has a pretty good track record.
So overall, I'm okay with the way that he's going and the plan that he has.
But we all know that they're not making playoffs.
My biggest thing is making sure that they sell off at the deadline
and they really do a good job of tanking and solidify a top two pick.
I think they're way better than people realize,
and I think they're not even close
to a top three pick this year.
I will say, if you look at their amazing record
at home last year, that may not be the same
with team's second season coming in and playing.
It's like Vegas, right?
Remember first year at Vegas?
I think they won every fucking home game.
So the Vegas flu, the sorority flu.
I know, but the team's pretty good.
I mean, Clayton Keller's sick.
I love watching him play.
I think Logan Cooley's going to be right up there
for Rookie of the Year.
It almost seems to be a little bit of a mistake
in terms of they're not that bad at all.
They're going to be competing and be hard to play against.
And they need these more talented picks.
But the argument is that they've done that for so long and been so bad.
They have to have some relevancy.
And maybe that gives them a better chance of sticking around in Arizona if they're a better team.
So it's really hard to argue that they should just be tanking because they've been for so long but i don't there'll be a pain in the ass to play against
i mean and biz the goaltending is what you say that's interesting they can make a ton of saves
and this team can win a good amount of games i wouldn't be surprised at all to see them start
off and look like in a playoff spot around thanksgiving well the one thing they have going
for them is i think we can all agree this is the weakest division this
year, and there's a lot of teams in limbo.
I have five teams. It's three real good teams.
I have five teams from the Pacific
making it. I only have three teams, obviously,
in this division making it.
These are all going to be
cusp teams, and
I think that they can definitely pick a lot of points
off those bottom feeders like the Chicago
Blackhawks. I don't really want to call St. Louis a bottom feeder
because we're going to get to them.
But the teams that are in limbo as well, like the Nashvilles.
They're better than Winnipeg.
Oh, I would definitely say they're better than Winnipeg.
I mean, Hellebuck and Shifley,
and obviously there's some guys with the guys they got from L.A.,
but I look at Arizona and Winnipeg.
Who would you rather be right now?
Coyotes in a landslide and i also don't think that they have a lot of picks in the in the next few years uh winnipeg
outside of what they were already given yeah we'll get to that a little bit later uh merle
switch your take on on the yotes this year and uh do they make the playoffs no i got them out of the
playoffs i got them so low just because i couldn't i couldn't put them above st louis i couldn't put them out above the jets until they proved me otherwise as a gambler a great little
spot though to look for them is at home teams a lot of teams go from vegas or colorado and then
have to go there and play them so that's a great spot to try to catch a team on a back-to-back
you always get fantastic gods on the yotes at home. 21-15-5 at home last year.
They love playing for the coach too, Biz. I know it's Andre
Turingni.
I think, though, it's going to be tough to
make up the 25-point difference. They were out of
the playoffs last year, but Cooley and Keller
are going to lead them. I know G had a little something on Logan
Cooley for us. What do you got for us, G?
He's going to be going Pittsburgh fan. Double-wrister.
No, I was just going to say I
love Logan Cooley I love this
Arizona team I like what they're building I don't think they'll be in the playoffs but I think
they'll be in the mix at the end of the season but I'm sprinkling a little bit on Logan Cooley
to win the Calder I love this kid especially what we saw last year at Minnesota what we saw in the
games over in Australia I think 10 to 1 is good money wow I mean it should be a final so we got
that goal too we got to talk about that goal, man.
Did you see it live? Did you see the
gif on the internet?
Yeah, that night it was all over the
internet, right? And that was when they were doing
their promotional game over in Australia
game one. And he can dance,
man. That's why I said when I was talking to Schmaltzy, he
said as far as natural talent, like for
a kid coming into his age, it's some
of the best he's ever seen.
So I don't disagree, G, and he's also playing in that second-line role,
so he'll have better, you know, he'll have easier matchups
than a guy, let's say, like Bedard, who's kind of going to be exposed
to every first-line center in the league, which we know, man,
going against some of these first-line center in the Western Conference, man,
it's a fucking grind night in and night out.
Yeah, that goes when you jump out of your seat.
I called my wife.
She's like over hockey.
I've had for my job for the last several years, but even she was like
taken aback when she saw that thing.
Just an unreal sick move.
So, yeah, keep an eye on the Coyotes this year.
Next up, the Nashville Predators.
Fifth in the Central last year.
18th out of 32 teams.
Last time in the playoffs was 2022.
Swept by Colorado in the first round. They're 75-1
to win the Cup this year. They got
some new faces in town. Head coach Andrew Burnett,
Ryan O'Reilly signed there,
Gustav Nyquist, Dennis Garjanov
and Luke Shen. They said bye
to Matt Duchesne, Ryan Johansson,
Zach Sanford and Cal Foote. A couple big names in the last
few years of the Preds are gone.
A little under 8 million in cap space, but
we were just talking about this, what we call the flyer zone uh you're not good enough to win a
cup you're not bad enough to go for the lottery you're kind of in that no man's land so what's
on tap for the Preds this year with dog I think if they didn't have Saros and Yossi they're like
one of the worst teams in the league and Biz calls out the Islanders for being boring yes Yossi does
some amazing things and Saros is just always kicking.
It seems like he's best top three goalie in the league,
but I get nothing out of watching Nashville play.
I feel bad saying that.
Unreal fans, great building to watch a game,
but in terms of this year,
I mean, there's not much to be excited about, is there?
Imagine if Saros got injured.
Knock on wood one two three
i mean this team like ryan o'reilly's an amazing leader and and in terms of like younger players
he's perfect to to help them learn what it's like to be a pro and learn how to approach each game
but he had what he had 30 points last year and and then i know they put they they bought out
duchesne right i think he's going to be great in
dallas but they lose a bunch of offense there um it's just a team that's really stuck right now and
i don't know how they end up going about things i don't know their draft pick setup but it's just
kind of a time of like they're not making playoffs would you guys agree do any of you have them in
the playoffs i don't i don't even have them close. This is another
team I'd rather be Arizona than.
I'd rather be Arizona than Nashville
because it's just, it seems like
it's long enough where you're just
stuck in mediocrity. And I know
it was a while ago they went to the Stanley Cup
final and they've had some decent runs, but
when was the last time Nashville got out of the first round?
Was it 2018?
19 maybe?
I think they missed the playoffs last year for the first time in 14 years, wasn't it?
Maybe it was 11.
Maybe I'm over-exaggerating here.
I know, but I agree with you.
2014 was the last time they missed the playoffs.
But even if you're making it, it's the same thing.
Yeah, it's the Flyers.
And I love the hockey market i really do
and trots comes back and and i think that um what's his name and the new coach uh brunette
brunette i maybe they get some more offense out of him being the coach and and letting guys play
a little more free but i i don't see a ton going on i really i really don't the one kid i loved
last year and i gotta look up his name right now.
He was almost a point per game.
What's his name?
Is it Yuso Parsonen?
Yes.
No.
He came in and had the between the leg goal that went viral.
They got some good young guys.
You got to remember, they made a run at the end of the season last year.
Yeah, but that's like the Edmonton Oilers used to do.
No, Novak.
Everybody's playing loosey-goosey.
If you're the Nashville Predators,
you bring in these wily veterans.
You mentioned Ryan O'Reilly. You got Luke
Shen in there as a little bit of protection.
I think their top four defense are
very respectable. I think that their
goaltending is respectable. You
just really need to hope some of these young guys
they have in the lineup because you look up and down as far as their forward group there's a shit ton of young
guys you got to hope about three or four of them pop and really set to to become a good good solid
nhlers but other than that boys they're they're not making playoffs and they're very very thin
up front i guess you're right if a couple young guys that a lot of people don't know a ton about
even including us like if they pop off, who knows what happens.
And I think an offensive coach could make a huge difference.
But you can't rely on something like that.
And even some things I read, like the Novak, he could take a step back
because if you look at underlying numbers, they're not great.
But it's just kind of one of those teams where you're just like,
ah, yeah, I love Saros kicking and Yossi's a top defenseman.
But other than that, it doesn't excite me when their games are on TV.
I hate to say it.
Merle, what do you got on Nashville?
Yeah, no, no playoffs for me.
But again, look at the home games.
We saw what Nashville did to us.
It's very, very easy to have that extra beer.
Then all of a sudden you have an extra one.
Yeah, going in there, taking them lightly.
Okay, you know this guy we should mention?
Cody Glass.
Cody Glass.
He's going to get a chance to play possible first-line minutes
because if O'Reilly starts off as the first-line center,
maybe Glass just busts through, no pun intended,
and forces himself into first-line minutes.
High pick, I think sixth overall.
Hopefully that's a guy that could take a huge step.
That's somebody who maybe he turns into a stud
and could get this team much higher than we anticipate them being.
But it's just a lot of question marks going in.
Tommy Novak, he's 14th in points per 60 minutes at five on five play.
That's pretty good for a young kid like that.
And Saros, he had 63 starts last year, led the NHL goalies in minutes,
shots against and saves.
He's got two years left at 5 million per, 130 starts the last two seasons.
That's a lot.
I don't know if Kevin Lankanen is going to get a few more starts this year.
But honestly, man, the new coach, the low expectations,
I think they're going to surprise people.
And I do see Nashville getting one of the spots in this division.
Wow.
You're going to make them fucking playoffs?
I do. I think you're out of your fucking mind.
How much do you want to bet?
That's nothing new here.
Holy shit.
Yeah, I don't know.
I think people are kind of underestimating them.
Obviously, I'm a big Saros guy,
but nobody else has been.
Correct, Armando?
No.
Do we got a wager?
Did I hear a wager?
I'd like to make a side bet
that the Coyotes finish with more points than them.
All right.
Have your guy call my guy.
We'll get to that later. Okay, deal. I'll have to think of the odds though but one other thing too if they are out
of the race early in i say 2024 new gm barry trotsch would he pot with a guy like like saros
like i said two years left yosi's got five years left at nine million i mean if they're
looking at this rebuild stage you'll either one of these guys want to look to go elsewhere or what
is so you're looking at them kind of like the Winnipeg Jets, right?
You have these two huge  I don't think they're moving on from Yossi.
I think he's staying there.
He's the captain, the leadership.
He's going to be able to help these young guys out.
But, yeah, I mean, if the goaltending market come deadline time,
is that hungry?
And I don't know what his contract situation is,
but I think he's got a pretty good AAV as well.
He's probably in that Gibson range.
Saros, two years left at 5 million per.
Yeah, that's a good bargain for getting an elite goaltender.
So between him, Hellebuck, and Gibson,
yeah, there's some healthy goaltenders out there
for teams who should look to part ways and build for the future.
Well, they're not going to because they'll be in the playoff.
Next up, Colorado Avalanche. 109 points last year. ways and build for the future. Well, they're not going to because they'll be in the playoff fun.
Next up, Colorado Avalanche, 109 points last year.
They were first in the central seventh out of 32 teams, but they got bounced.
Huge upset the first round.
Seattle beat them in seven games, hell of a series.
Colorado is 10 to one this year to win the cup.
Of course, they're not going to have Ryan, I'm sorry, Gabriel Landeskog for the regular season.
He might be back for the playoffs, but they did bring in Ryan Johansson via trade,
Ross Colton via trade, Thomas Tatar, Jonathan Drouin, Miles Wood, and Chris Wagner.
So long to JT Comfa, Evan Rodriguez, Alex Newhook, Matt Nieto, Eric Johnson,
Lars Eller, Dennis Morgan, Keith Kincaid.
A lot of guys they said goodbye to.
They are over the cap right now, but with Landeskog's injury,
that'll take them underneath like they need to be.
But, Piers, let's go to you first on Colorado.
Are they going to get back right in the playoffs?
Was that last year just an aberration?
They won the Cup the previous year before.
Yeah, and they dealt with a few injuries.
And then, of course, that Nachushkin thing.
I don't think we ever got an answer what happened there.
Is he back?
Yeah, he's back.
He was posted on Instagram with
like an AK 47 doing Russian shit as the Russians do. Uh, but they got him back, uh, going back to
last playoffs. Like they were a one trick pony up front, right? They kept leading with the aces
spades in that McKinnon line who were buzzing and keeping them in that series. But you know,
Seattle was just too deep and they took care of business. I think they're goaltending solid.
I think that we can all agree as far as the Western Conference is concerned,
maybe other than Vegas, they got the best top five defensemen.
I mean, Gerard's a water bug out there.
Whit, I could see that face you're making.
You're not liking it with Devon Tabes and McCarr.
I think their D is the best D in the league.
Really?
Okay, well, I guess if you consider Makar,
I mean, I really like the depth of what Vegas has going,
but they're strong in that position.
And then as far as their forward group,
I mean, I think the second-line center role
is really what hurt them, right?
They lost Kadri from the Stanley Cup year.
I think that they felt that Newhook
was going to be able to step in
at the beginning of last year and make an impact.
He never really got settled in that position,
and they got exposed in that spot.
So I would imagine that McKinnon's got him on a diet
and a good training routine,
because Johansson I don't think is really known for his off-fights habits.
But with the pressure coming in and their pressure to succeed
and get back to their winning ways,
I think that he's going to have a monster year in that role, it's definitely an upgrade from what they had last year so i like their depth
up front i think that they're more than likely going to win that division and uh they're going
to be they're they're a top five cup cup contender in my opinion i think they're going to be
incredible this year i think johansson's going to light it up. A lot to prove, a lot of naysayers,
a lot of shit been talked about him.
So if he's as proud as I think,
and he's going somewhere where the leaders expect a lot,
and McKinnon's expecting a lot of his teammates,
I think he has a monster season.
And I mean, they lose JT Comfort.
If you can go back to Johansson's 21-22 season and he can do that again,
that's a lot more offensive production than Comfort's ever had
or could pull off.
And McCarr, he's a true game breaker.
Like, if you have this guy and he stays healthy.
Think of the injuries they had last year.
They battled without McKinnon for a long time.
I think McKinnon had 70 points in his last 40 games of the season yeah he's coming back pissed off i mean dude they they win the stanley
cup and then lose first round and we know how psychotic nathan mckinnon is you don't think
he's going to be possessed this year yeah and and so i i think that they're going to light it up i
have them winning the division i don't think it's going to be easy i love dallas too i mean this
this division is there's no other division where there's three teams that much better than everyone else, in my mind.
So they're going to be right there.
I think Johansson has a huge season.
And what if somehow Jonathan Druin finds some sort of connection with his old Halifax Moosehead teammate, McKinnon?
I mean, it's been a tough go, right?
He's battled different kind of mental stuff.
He's lost his game, his confidence.
So it would be a pretty cool story.
Personally, I think if he went over and played with McKinnon
and had a great year, looking back at when he was drafted
and what people thought he could become and how it's gone since,
I mean, it would be a great story around the league, I think,
if he went and lit it up.
So I think the Avs are going
to have a monster season, and I think
McKinnon's going to be right there for MVP with
McDavid. Jared Bednar's been
very, very high on Jonathan Druin
this preseason, so I think that's something to know.
He's been getting a lot of power play time as well,
so, Witt, I'm right there with you. I think Jonathan Druin
might have a breakout year. Yeah, and we know
what we're getting from Rotten. This reeks
of Landis Scott coming back for playoffs, the old LPR special, and they're just going to come in. Sting dropping out of the sky. Yeah, and we know what we're getting from Rotten. And this reeks of Landis Scott coming back for playoffs.
The old LPR special
and they're just
sting dropping out of the sky.
Oh, yeah.
The Kucharov.
We know what's happening.
We know it's all happening.
Yeah, Benzie, his eighth season
makes him the third longest
tenured coach after Koop,
then Sully.
Merles, what do you got on Avalanche?
Probably in the playoffs,
but what do you have to add
to the discussion here, my friend?
The jersey, the original 29 is freshly washed ready for a big season i you guys stole
all my notes i think you guys are in and reading my blogs before i publish them i love the abs
they're back mccarr mckinnon division champs plus 150 i'm definitely taking that i'll have that bet
going all year i i love the abs you guys said it. They got two of the top 10 D in the whole league.
Maybe even top five in the whole
league. They're great.
Speaking of that, Taves' UFA after this season,
he's making 4.1 mil. Will the Avs be able to
re-sign him on Merrill's or what?
Joe Sack has been
a magician behind
the... What would you call the GM? Behind the desk?
He's behind the desk. He's pulled
unreal moves.
I think he gets it done.
I think Taves takes a little less to stay there and play,
keep playing with that group.
And he's made enough money,
make a little less there,
live in Denver,
play on winning teams the rest of his career.
I think he gets it done.
All right, boys.
I think we'll take a little break here.
It might be time for the Terry Ryan comedy hour.
What do you say?
We send it over to our buddy T right about now,
and we'll see you right after.
What's up, guys?
This interview is brought to you by our great friends at Chevy.
Chevy is working to make charging simple.
With over 110,000 charging stations across the U.S. and Canada and growing,
Chevy is the go-to electric car on the market.
Looking for a co-pilot?
Look no further than your smartphone.
When using the MyChevrolet mobile app with Energy Assist, the app allows you to access vehicle
information like battery status and charging settings from anywhere. The Energy Assist feature
intelligently plans your routes, tells you where and how long to charge up, and gives you real-time
data about charging station
availability there are three different home charging levels available chevy electric vehicles
offer great options for charging all of them as simple as plugging in your smartphone learn more
at chevy.com slash electric that's chevy.com slash Now, to the interview we go.
All right, it's great to welcome back one of our great pals.
I believe he might have the record for appearances now,
as this will be his fifth time on the pod.
He's a street hockey world champion,
a renowned thespian you know as Ted Hitchcock on Shorzy,
one of the most colorful and inquisitive people in the hockey world.
It's so great to bring back the Newfoundland legend himself,
Newfoundland legend himself, to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Uncle T, Terry Ryan, how the FI, pal?
Terry!
Thanks, boys. It's great to be back.
It's been a while, but we're all doing pretty well.
You guys are doing awesome,
and we're on the verge of another hockey season,
and I just love it.
September signals the end of summer,
so less
relaxation in a way but it's so exciting for so many reasons are you and senior licking your chops
for chicklets cup or what what's going on over there yeah yeah we're pretty pumped and uh a few
of the boys we got uh bish you know i'm coming back he was on that team that we just won the
world championship by the way yeah yeah he's a beauty he's really
looking forward to it all the guys i got are so excited and you know it's it's we're gonna see
each other and everything but it's nice to get the competitive juices flowing there's only so
many opportunities to do that the the older we get you know so this is exciting so do you worry
about the same thing i do and the fact that if Noseface beats you guys again, it's like, I don't care how
many world championships you have.
It's like
this frigging guy has to go down.
He has to go down.
What's that movie? It's like Jesse Pinkman.
We can't let him keep getting away with this.
Yeah, I know.
I hear you. And last time he kind of
latched on to one of the teams that I helped create.
What's going to happen this time? Yeah, he did. Who's he? What happened last time? Look, I get it. And last time he kind of latched on to one of the teams that I helped create. What's going to happen this time?
Yeah, he did.
Who's he?
What happened last time?
Look, I get it.
No space is pretty good, and we got to do it.
When push comes to shove, we lost.
But that's what kind of irked me, because I called my buddy Chicky Mentis before it started last time,
and I said, look, you guys put together a team, too.
We're going to use some of these guys off the Canadian national team,
and either our team or your team will take them down. take them down and home behold no space joins them before the final
day but he still did it we lost yeah he won he won he won so by the way that guy chicky you you and
him yeah it was some nasty battling going on yeah you guys are going back and forth you guys have
been playing tummy sticks ever since though i saw that you posted a couple photos with them
at the World Championships,
which actually took place in Buffalo at Riverworks.
Was that already in the...
Yeah, they had it there.
Was that already confirmed,
or did they kind of see our tournament there
and say, this is the perfect place to have it?
I'm not sure,
but I know that a lot of ball hockey USA goes through there,
and they got a
big yeah right they got a big following so i think it might have been it might have helped a little
bit someone be persuaded maybe but that's pretty much a nucleus of usa ball hockey so uh tr uh i
was reading and correct me if i'm wrong you guys won in a shootout you won the gold medal in a shootout and in overtime you actually took a penalty oh yeah I and not only that I hit Hauser our buddy
Bobby Hauser yeah I had tendonitis in my wrist and I went I was back checking on him first of all we
were up three to one with three minutes talking it off too much yeah it could have been part of it
part of it definitely possibly we were up three to one with with uh they scored with two
minutes and 35 seconds left with the goalie pulled and then they scored again with 50 seconds left
they thought it's over and they took over the game in usa and they and they just had um it was like
bill's mafia day so like there was a lot of red white and blue and people were around real oh the
usa are playing and they came in and there's a lot of fans and um it was uh it was bobby hauser so he was great he had a great
tournament by the way an all-star he played awesome and i was back checking on him i went
to raise my my stick like transfer it from one side of my body to the other and i kind of gave
out halfway through it chopped him over the head i'm in the box i went in panicking right panicking right and there's
you know a lot of guys haven't won one you get a nice ring for it and everything there's a lot on
the line here well i mean it's a world championship enough said i'm in the box going oh god like just
if they score i'm gonna jump in the river and i'm never coming back and yeah it just so happened
not only not only did they not score we ended up having a breakaway with about five seconds left in the penalty.
And they took a penalty.
So now we're on the power play.
We don't get it done.
And in ball hockey, guys, the only real big difference
is that when you gain the blue line, you can bring it back to the red line.
So power play is much more lethal.
You get a guy like Pender back there taking a shot.
You get someone in front that's strong.
It's just the percentages are like 50 is a good power play.
A little bit different than ice hockey.
So Pender is Mattias.
Kind of like the Oilers.
He's one of the best in the world
for sure. And that's been the case
for a decade.
He was at this tournament, had another great tournament.
Um,
but what we have,
that happened.
So then after neither one of us scored,
which was odd,
they had a penalty shot in overtime,
missed,
hit the post.
Now we go into a shootout.
And anyway,
we want two to one for us and they missed their very last shot.
And,
we raised the trophy, but it was awesome. And, uh, and they missed their very last shot, and we raised the trophy.
But it was awesome.
And Bobby Hauser.
And I picked up, I snagged Bobby Hauser's line mate for the last 15 years
or more.
They've got great chemistry.
Danny Schlegel from Buffalo.
Team USA.
I've played against both of them for years.
They've been my arch nemesis, and now we all get to play together.
It's wicked.
So the big deal selects are stacked going into this one.
Do we have the same goalie as last time as well? No, we don't. Evan Mosher had to get to play together. It's wicked. So the big deal selects are stacked going into this one.
Do we have the same goalie as last time as well?
No, we don't.
Evan Mosher had to go to a wedding.
So I got Aaron Keela.
So what happens, guys, they pick these Team Canadas from the national championship. So about a month before I went to that, we played the national championship here in Canada.
And Aaron Keela was the goalie for Brampton Midnight Express,
and they won it all.
Great young goal.
I don't know him very well.
I saw him play, and when we couldn't go with Mosier,
I said, you know, I've got to jump on something.
And if we didn't jump on him, one of those other Ontario teams was going to.
So I'm pretty confident in Aaron.
And if need be, we've got a local from Buffalo if he goes down with an injury
or anything.
So we're set.
We're deep in goal and as far as that final game in buffalo what was it pretty was it packed
like was there a lot of fans like what would you say a thousand people show up for that oh yeah
there was the camera angle you couldn't really the end of the rink on one side was like outdoors
facing the water and there was some people there but behind all the way around yeah yeah that's
probably a good bet around there.
I'd say 800 to 1,000.
It was a nice atmosphere for ball hockey, and it was televised,
which was awesome, and we ended up being on NHL tonight.
It was a nice treat.
You know, it's real.
Most of us played ice hockey, and it's an opportunity to really be competitive,
well, to win a world championship, but really it's competitive out there, Biz.
There's not so much fighting for many reasons,
but there's hitting and there's not as much gear on.
And guys are going real, real hard.
There's a lot of sticks, a lot of after-the-whistle stuff.
It's real, real chippy.
I got more bruises on my body after ball hockey
than ice hockey, put it that way.
Well, I mean, I think the last time you were on,
we were talking about, was it Pender who ended up getting,
would he get suspended
from the worlds because he went after the the the czech team and even the referees were being donkeys
and uh it was even g who told me before we came on you have a story about this latest world
championship with a referee from overseas well it's funny this time no pender you can check it
out uh 2013 world championships we're right here in st john's the only time. No, Pender, you can check it out. 2013 World Championships. We're right here in St. John's.
The only time we've ever hosted it.
What are the odds?
We had five Newfoundlanders on the team.
And anyway, the other team, without getting right into it,
they pulled some real in sports from night stuff.
It was Slovakia.
And at the end of the game, they made it 4-1 on an empty net,
and a guy spit in my face, and I saw Pender go off the right wing.
But I went to tell the reps.
Usually you like that kind of thing, Terry.
Well, I didn't say I didn't like it. Pender saw it, and, you know, I'm going to go off the right wing. But I went to tell the refs. They couldn't speak. Usually you like that kind of thing, Terry. I didn't say I didn't like it.
Pender saw it and, you know, I'm going to say, yeah.
So I told the referee, I said, you know, there's seven seconds left.
Don't drop the ball.
And he went, I'm going to put you in the back.
He didn't speak English very well.
It was lost in translation.
So I said, fuck it.
Drop the ball and see what happens.
And he dropped it.
And Pender absolutely murdered this guy from red line right into the net, and he took the ref out.
The ref had to go get surgery on his knee.
You can see it, Justin Pender, ball hockey 2013.
Oh, so this time, guys, we're playing Portugal.
Now, Portugal and Greece, very similar in ball hockey,
and they're not bad because they're all dual citizenship guys from Canada.
A lot of them played ice hockey. Some of them played pro very, very good players. So it's never a pushover
against Portugal. They've won it before. So it was two to one and we're on the power play.
The guy comes to get it and he kind of trips over my, I spread my legs, uh, you know, wide and get
low to protect the ball. And he kind of hits me and trips over my leg. I go in the box. I don't
want to argue it, but I'm like, ah, that's a little cheesy and trips over my leg i go in the box i don't want to argue it but i'm like that's a little cheesy and anyway as i'm in the box one of the kids in there
says hey you know that no space killer guy that's his brother and i went do i know him do i ever and
after the game i went out i said oh you're carrying a little bit of fucking extra weight there aren't
you buddy and he says he comes over he says terry i had to call it i said no you didn't but let's
have a beer anyway he got talking brian is his name real real nice guy i had no idea is he as
ugly as nose face um you know that's all subjective i'll say yeah pr i love how none of these penalties
are never your fault oh yeah there's always something they There are always bad calls, Mark. Yeah. No. Notice that?
It's like Crosby.
Defense mode?
Well, yeah, I'm not saying, you know, the one in overtime was accidental,
but he didn't need to call it, but whatever.
It's a penalty.
It's a penalty, and we got a ring after it all.
It's good.
The life surges on in a positive direction, win or lose,
but we happened to win that one,
and now we got some Chicklets Cup action, and I'm excited.
Who was the most banged up in the celebration besides senior wait at at the world's oh senior probably didn't go did he senior wasn't at the world's
his wife only gives him the green light for chicklets cup because usually he's only allowed
to drink on fridays it's it only fridays and he came up here last friday i don't know if you guys
saw i think i tag you once in a while and keep, I saw it. We were here watching and
she came up at 11 on the nose. Usually we go to his place, but it was Friday came up. No,
he's not doing it. Terry. It's happened too many times. We've been burned. He came home guys. He
came home after being here one night and he was hungry. So she had a note there or whatever,
whatever it was for the next day because she
was going to be gone to see her friend on bell island so said put the red pot in the oven the
roast is in the fridge okay so he comes home drunk and he takes remember the walk like oh yeah it's
not as popular now but they used to be so he puts the red the red walk is
sitting there with plastic handles on it though you know the walk you plug in so the plug so he
takes it puts it in that and shoves it in the oven i go down the pool in the house oh he's down
honestly you think i'm kidding he's downstairs he loves looney tunes he's this is a guy with four degrees okay he's watching
i was with my buddy my buddy dave rober was with me he's watching looney tunes yosemite sam and
he's cracking up and there's smoke upstairs you can't see i don't know how he didn't pick it up
anyway a place would have burned down so she's uh and for other reasons as well she's like only fridays
and he's stopping drinking when i say so now the odd time guys the odd time george street festival
we're here he loves third eye blind one of the guys sent me a note big fan of chiclets big fan
of shores he says you want to meet us afterwards perfect that was on like a thursday he got the
okay for that one but the chiclets cup is
generally the only time that he will drink multiple it's his super bowl it's his for sure that's a
great way to put it he loves it too i can't wait to hear the same stories for the thousandth time
like i've never been more excited to hear it i'm busy i'm like tell me that one again i haven't
memorized i just need to hear it give me a little more salt and pepper on that one it. I have it memorized. I just need to hear him. Give me a little more salt and pepper on that one. It's amazing
guys. That's and it's constant. That's why
like it's become a thing in Mount
Pearl. It's like a rite of passage. If you're a hockey
player and you get to a certain age,
you go down and you have a beer with senior in his
basement tonight being Friday.
So I told you every weekend I go Friday
or Saturday. It's kind of a thing
for me to
you know, kind of an exception, but that's what I
usually pick. And tomorrow is supposed to be a great day, 20 odd degrees, one of the last nice
days. So I'm going to pick tomorrow, go down early, go on a patio, meet some of the boys and
go out from there. But tonight I'll just stay here with my daughter. We're watching a movie or
whatever we're doing. And definitely some of the boys will drop in. It's Friday. People drop in to
see Terry Ryan senior. And,. And more often than not,
it ends with a phone call from my mom. And it's time for your boys to go home now, Terry.
What's the rule every year where on the last day of George Street Fest,
if it's sunny or something, they open up the regatta the next day. So then you guys get
another day off from work where it's like an unwritten rule where all businesses in town are shut down, even though it's a work day.
You got a great memory, by the way.
The George Street Festival is seven days, I suppose, eight counting regatta day.
Right in a row, three bands a day.
Okay.
So they start at like five o'clock and they go off at 11.
So it might be, I don't know, a local band.
Then someone, let's say the Arkells, Canadian band, pretty big, and that might
finish with a third eye blind like that.
It's usually a buildup.
And that's each night.
So the last night being the Tuesday, I guess, yeah, Tuesday to Tuesday.
So on the Wednesday, first Wednesday of every August is this Royal St. John's Regatta.
It's the oldest sport, continuous sporting event in all of North America.
So it's a bit of fun.
You go down and surround a pond, Kitty Vitty Lake.
I don't know how many people, guys, 50,000, 60,000.
There's a lot of tourists.
It's a big day.
But the weather has to be, if the weather is good and the regatta goes ahead,
everybody's off.
But if not, nobody's off.
So the night before, as it goes, you know,
you're always in a bit of a good
mood this year it's semi-charmed or sorry third eye blinder plan so you know there was a good
vibe and this year it did go ahead but i'd say it's about seven out of ten it often doesn't go
ahead and it makes for a terrible work day for everybody else because last year con man was
texting me about it and it didn't go down and everybody's like full-on depression mode because
they've been partying for seven days hoping they get the eighth and then when it didn't go down and everybody's like full-on depression mode because they've been partying for seven days hoping they get the eighth and then when it doesn't go down the
the booze blues hits you like a sack of bricks doesn't it i left connor i said don't worry i
gotta work too don't worry i gotta work too i left them at 5 a.m and then he looks over he said
jeez i gotta go to work in four hours i'm like yeah i can do my podcast whenever i'll probably
do it in the evening have a nice night oh it was like little kids when you're hoping that it's gonna snow the next day
and you're just waiting for the snow to start and the school to get canceled but it just so happens
to be 50 000 drunks in in newfoundland i can't say it correctly but uh um what was i gonna what
was i gonna say i had a question about that whole festival.
It'll come back to me.
Sorry about that.
Oh, I was... Okay, so obviously with the fame of Shorzy and everything,
you've probably been getting a notice
a little bit more around town.
I'm sure there's more girls flying around
in your Instagram DMs.
You got to tell these boys about the WAC sack.
What one?
The WAC tent. Oh one? The whack tent.
Oh, God.
The tent.
The tent.
I call it the whack sack because you carry it around in your knapsack.
Yeah.
I mean, it's been.
I mean, I've got to.
I live.
My backyard is right on a trail.
But it used to be the train the train track you know the cross
canada train track we had it here i mean obviously but we took it out everywhere else i think still
has some track down but we don't so it became a trail that goes all the way through newfoundland
so i live in mount prom about 15 minutes from downtown on the way there's a couple of nice
parks little ponds rivers whatever so yeah i mean um
so i often go out on my bike and i take i have a tent that like works like a backpack it's just a
pop-up tent so you just take it out and you just you unzip and it just bursts up into a tent so
often if uh you know if i want to have a drink and maybe a maybe a meal maybe sometimes you know, you can invite a girl out for dinner, but sometimes maybe say, you know what, let's go down by the pond or the river or whatever it might be.
Let's make our own.
We'll have a little bit of, you know, it's something different.
You get the charcuterie out.
Well, whatever it might be, you know, whatever they're into.
The Lunchables.
Tanya, you can be my meal.
Don't you worry.
Let me unpack my tent.
The boys call it my fuck tent.
But it's really not a fuck tent.
It's gotten out there now.
I've used it on occasion to be cordial and to be cordial,
to have a nice setting next to a river usually.
Usually it's a nice young lady.
Sometimes my buddies and I might go fishing.
But because of the date aspect of it, it's been my buddies now refer to it as the fuck tent.
So I wouldn't go that far, but things might have happened.
You'll just be in like a local park in St. John's just whacking away in this small tent.
Well, I mean, Dad, I don't know, son.
I should be a couple buffalo there's no way that i can
sugarcoat this that it's not gonna it's um people aren't gonna be shitting all over me for the
fuck tent but you know whatever it might be i haven't put it this way a lot of people enjoy
the fuck tent okay and my buddies like i said we use it for many occasions it's not just a fuck tent
it has been a fuck tent a couple of times in the past so i guess its legacy lives on as the
fuck tent you should you should brand that you should be selling these at canadian tire all
across canada where it's just this easy pop-up comes with a 12 pack of rubbers well i know you
don't use them but maybe the younger kids who are listening well he goes to open the tent it's all crusted together he's like shit this thing's supposed to pop right
open well he loves the idea i love how your business mind works too biz right away because
it is a good idea oh that's an easy that's an easy sell right there get you a discount code for some
big deal brews as well but hey i know we mentioned it briefly before the fuck tent but buddy you got to be like loving life with how much shores he's popped off and
all right i can hand it over to you this is your co-star here i know you guys rub elbows
you you get your own trailer when you go all right uh not a whole trailer but yeah they give you
basically a room in a trailer right he probably gets something much bigger than i do because he's
a legit star and by the way it uh up in canada on crave it drops this friday season two very excited about it uh october i'm sorry
yeah october 27th on hulu down here t you fired up about the season you obviously saw much more
of the scripts than i did uh is it gonna be as good as the first one you think or what i see that
this is the thing i think so now there's a couple of reasons the first season we did i didn't really
have context in my mind i like letter kenny so I was even trying to do my lines like Letterkenny.
Jared kept saying, look, just be natural here.
I would kind of, you know, because my lines get dissected into being Newfoundese at the end, right?
So I always run them by him. He gives them to me. I run them back to him like a Newfoundlander would say it.
So he's like, just do that. And he was kind of coaching me through.
But I don't think we all got the humor right away because we didn't see the direction.
coaching me through but i don't think we all got the humor right away because we didn't see the direction after we saw the first episode or sorry the first season and we shoot it out of order
right so the context is lost after i saw the first season i'm like okay this is what he wants
i get it there's more of a there's more of a linear story there's more of a heart to shorzy
than any character on letter kenny it's just a different show so going back to do the second
season was a lot different and the guys look i was the only one of the main hockey actors anyway that had ever read. I was in the acting
union. I was already working on crew for six or seven years and I did the odd stunt. I mean,
the other guys couldn't read a call sheet at the start. So they were real rookies.
So now I could really tell, you know, there'd been a year and a half go by and a lot of them
had honed their craft. They'd done one thing or another year and a half go by and a lot of them had honed their
craft they'd done one thing or another might be a commercial might be a short movie but they'd all
acted to some degree and we knew what was coming so this time was much harder for me anyway to get
through the scenes without laughing because i it was way more context to the humor uh do i think
it's going to be good ra R.A.? I really do.
I really do.
I can say that if you like the first season, I think people will, those who like the first season will definitely like the second.
And it's really exciting.
There's a lot of buzz coming from it.
The NHL alumni, for example, at the start, I'm sure they didn't really know what was happening, but I've done a lot of events since.
So we did an event in Moncton, okay?
And it's Hockey Heroes event.
There was Jeremy Roenick, God, Denny Savard, Andrew Shaw.
I go down the list.
There was like 20 of us.
Tessa Bonham, a lot of famous female players that are legends for one reason or another.
And so it was humbling just to be there.
What they do is whoever raises the most money for the year, they get to pick first. So this group, you know, and it goes right
down to there's 20 teams, 20 celebrities. This is for like an ice hockey tournament.
Yeah. It's for, we were raising money for heart and stroke foundation. Awesome. So we do, I do a
lot of those alumni things now. And before it wasn't really, you know, I had a book out eight
games. It was like, well, you know, first rounder.
I was relevant, but I was right on the precipice.
You know, I get it.
You're kind of doing me a favor to have me around.
But after Shorzy and Chicklets to some degree, I went first.
J.R. couldn't believe it.
He looked over.
He said, who the fuck are you?
I gave him a book.
I go, I don't know.
I'm going to tell you.
It's much easier.
It's quicker if you read the book.
Yeah. The way that you tell stories.
Fucking choose your off.
All these guys, Brad May.
There was so many Ally Afraidy legends.
Does he still have the skullet?
No, but he still likes to party, and he shuts it down, man.
Did you ever ask him about that quote after game about the,
like, oh, why don't you score on the empty net goal?
And he's like, because empty net goals are for F-bombs.
Did you ever see that quote?
I forgot about that.
If you said it nowadays, you'd be canceled,
but he did it in like the 70s.
He was probably smoking a cigarette in the room while he said it too.
Yeah, he's smoking darts.
That guy is wild.
His stories are, you know, there's certain people that their stories like transcend the
game.
Like he's almost like the more you talk to him, he's like Davy Crockett.
Yeah.
Like I'm like, what?
Like everything from the way he played midget, he didn't really know.
And then he went over it.
You know, I think Detroit Little Caesars are one of those teams.
They moved to Toronto for a little bit and just became a first.
And it ends up playing right away in the NHL.
Love the skullet.
Smoking darts the whole time.
Just everything.
He's a real.
So he still has the skullet?
No, no.
Oh, okay.
He's still.
Well, I'll tell you this.
We were playing in Twillingate, Newfoundland, one of these alumni games.
Just last.
It was Wendell Clark and Friends, this one. I go in like three or four iterations of these alumni tours.
And it was Wendell Clark and Friends. So Ron Duguay, Darren Langdon. This is great.
I drove across Newfoundland with Langer and Ron Duguay here in Stories. I hadn't met Duguay before. But we get there and this team from Twilling gate was pretty fired up i've been to twilling gate lots i mean it's a it's a newfoundland community that's steeped in tradition
when it comes to hockey and anyway but we played locally and this place was sold out and they're
there to see the local guys were pretty good like a few of them had left and played in the queue and
stuff like they were enough that you know a lot of these guys are older rick five was on our team
guys who can snipe but are in their 60s so i'm convinced a lot of the time you know, and a lot of these guys are older. Rick five was on our team, guys who can snipe, but are in their sixties. So I'm convinced a lot of the time, you know, it's why
I get invited to so many because I can still kind of carry the mail. I mean, I'm in my forties,
I'm in good shape. And a lot of them, like the absolute legends that go on these things,
like I said, are in their sixties. So guys coming across and he scores this goal and like,
there's guys playing with no helmets, the team so to take a slapper from
in close like up high to glove side it's really kind of frowned upon it's kind of stupid i don't
even know why you would do it but anyway this guy did it and then he scored a little bit later and
like celebrate it so later in the game he's coming across the middle and al i afraid he sees him
around the bench and juge hit juge grabs me and he's like, he's going to hit him. He's going to hit him home. He wallpapered him. I couldn't believe it. It was like Scott Stevens in the in the 90s. He did exactly that. And we're like, no fucking way. Like Almy's business. And he went over and he just he shook his hand at the guy and he said, you know, you know. And then we went out after, man, we had beers with him. But I'm like, this is a charity alumni game.
No. And then we went out after, man, we had beers with them. But I'm like, this is a charity alumni game.
Al doesn't give a shit. But what I love about him and Wendell and Ron and generally the people when Wendell invites these guys go in, they make their money. Right. You can tell you go to some of these events. I don't know. In Toronto, there's lots of them.
And, you know, some people are there. They they're there to get their check. Say hi. Sign a few autographs and leave.
Those guys shut her down.
We went three places and three nights on that particular tour.
And each time, Wendell, Al, they really know that the locals want to hear the stories.
That's why they're there.
And they shut it down.
The people always put off.
We went down to the local Legion in Twillingate after that.
A lot of people bring out their food that they might have made for us.
A couple of pickled eggs.
Potpourri.
Yeah, boori. Yeah.
Booze.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, all the divorced women in town and some of the not divorced, whatever it would be.
It's a big.
You're not going to quit on that.
And I'm going to get shit forever.
But yeah.
So Al is that guy.
Like he's he's he'll call you out.
And he often does with me.
If I start telling stories and he sees one fragment of
exaggeration uh he'll call me out on it we have a little bit of fun with it but we'll always get
up and sing a song or whatever but Ally Afraid he's one of those like he's not just in it for
the money or the the glory or any of that he just enjoys meeting people and like myself he's happy
to be he's proud of to be part of the hockey
community and he's still like a fan if you can believe that but listen to him for i don't know
if you these old guys are a different breed uh so we had rick vive on and i don't know how many
people noticed if they watched the youtube version but this guy in the midst of the interview pulls
his hammer out and pisses in a water bottle we're all we're all like texting each other like is he hosing right now did he keep that in there he was telling a story as he was doing it too
he whips his hog out puts it down the gatorade nozzle just fucking hoses in the midst of telling
a story rick we could have taken a quick pee break frank drebin style what a legend he's i say
matthews is the gloat the greatest leaf of all
time he re he got the title back after he whipped his hose out and fucking went on our pod you know
what's funny just side note he he had the most goals until matthews right and but he's i don't
think he's like honored and he's is he on that leaps i don't think he is i don't think he's
honored like by the way he had like kind kind of a tough exit from there and stuff,
but he was a great guy,
and then he talked about what things he did wrong.
He basically was like,
I shouldn't have been given the captaincy when I was.
I wasn't mature enough and things like that,
and I wasn't necessarily approaching off ice the way I should have.
But I think they've made amends.
In a sense, he was talking about,
he gets to sit in the alumni box for playoff
games i think there was like a lottery for that stuff so i definitely didn't know how successful
of a leafy was until i looked into research for him before the interview i was kind of surprised
that he had some monster seasons oh yeah was kind of out of the league pretty quickly after some
oh back then if like ownership or a coach held a grudge you were done
especially valid abcocked in like fucking three seconds um hey he all he also told this story
terry uh where apparently like when he when brendan shanahan was younger he tried to get an
autograph from him yeah yeah yeah yeah and and i he he says he's like i would never treat someone
that or pigeon toss a kid.
But Brendan Shanahan remembered and fucking first shift against him.
He went after him and dummied him.
That's how spiteful Shanahan is.
Yeah, yeah.
Remember, I listened to that.
It was just, yeah, it was seven or eight months ago, right?
Another thing too is, is you obviously with the acting stuff you were doing beforehand
and you were also doing a stunt
man work. Yeah. So you're still, you're still doing that. Cause I texted you the other day
and you said you'd got a last minute gig and you couldn't do a phone call about chicklets cup.
Like what, what's a, what's it like being a stunt man? Well, I just got the opportunity to be
honest. Like I said, Jason Momoa got me in there, but it was more to do with once you're in the
union, you're in it though. Right. But my But my my there's no expertise, but my experience would be in fighting.
For example, if I'm going to throw a punch like the camera, there's a place you can place the camera behind you.
And with the lighting that, you know, you can miss me by a foot. But if you time it right, you know, you can you can sell it.
So it's that it's like going down how to sell a fall, all those things like that's kind of how I learned. But once you're in there, you're in there. The one the other day was unique. So I'm around here. There's a lot of things going on. A couple of regular shows that are huge in Canada, Hudson and Rex and Son of a Critch. And then there's there's people that like there's a lot of students here doing short movies. There's there's a lot of independent people come here. We give a great tax credit to anybody that comes and shoots. I mean, we realize it's part of our economy. We lost our fishery years ago and that's bouncing back. But but film is through the roof. So I happen to be decent timing with all this. I got lucky with something that's really relevant in the place I live.
some experience will often get called. So the other day, it was like the day before, I don't know what happened if someone couldn't, if the original guy couldn't get in to do the stunt or
it fell through or he backed out, but I had to get like, I had to, there was an explosion. I got like
literally blown out of a building. So, I mean, they put a harness on me attached to a crane,
right? So I got to time it right. And you get really only one shot for the big one, right?
We did it a few times. I practiced it, but the timing has to be great. And you really got to
know how to do this and you got to have the balls to do it without flinching, right? That that's
often the hard part because, you know, I, and again, I'm doing the stunt for somebody else.
I had to wear, you know, I'd look like them, wear what they were wearing, put on a wig,
all that stuff. These often like stunts, they might need a role and it requires a stunt.
And I'm, you know, just like Shorzy or whatever.
Right.
But this place, you know, there's opportunity now for me to do those kind of things like
stunt double, I guess, for lack of a better way to put it.
So, yeah, I never know what's going to happen.
I might get the call two days before.
It might be an explosion.
It might be a fall.
It might be a fight.
It might be a body check.
I mean, I've done some hockey stuff, but I'm still really adding to my resume. And guys, at this point, you know, what am I going to be when I grow up? I think it's I'm going to be in the film industry for good one way or the other. So I'm doing a lot more writing and I'm trying to do as many stunts as I can, because someday Shorzy will be over. Right. And I'm still going to have to have a paycheck paycheck so that's why i'm building up my podcast
i got some merch coming out tails with tiara merch just a couple years behind you guys
and your bag like in the oilers just like wit dog over here oh the oilers are a wagon i could
see you though like right in your agent like if there's any uh chance that they need a stunt
double to have intercourse near a river in a tent?
I am your guy, dude.
I could do it.
Imagine a movie comes up.
Terry, we think we got a role for you.
I see the script.
The fuck tent.
Wow.
Unbelievable timing.
This was written for me.
Senior will play himself.
You're like, Dad, you can watch.
Just don't make any eye contact with me.
Guys, I'll tell you a story when we get down to business. selfie like dad you can watch just don't make any eye contact with me guys guys i sweet yeah right
i can tell you something i'll tell you a story when we get down to check uh down to buffalo
it's literally so crazy that i couldn't tell it on the air okay okay i'll get you pickled enough
so we could we could get the story after i have a book out and the hardest part of telling the
stories was trying to articulate it in a way that wouldn't be offensive or over the top.
And some of those stories are about, yeah, getting a blowjob from a trans transgender.
Yeah, that's a it's a two page book.
Yeah, there's there's, you know, the story with Milbury.
There's knocking my teeth out with a hammer.
There's earlier in the book,
you know, I went my first game in Detroit. I didn't really play, but I went out after the
boys. Boys tell me, meet us at BT's, this strip club. I go to BT's. It's Devil's Night, October
30th in Detroit, where Devil's Night started. I don't know any of this. I go out. I'm at BT's.
Where's Rish? Rish told me to go. Where's Rish? Can't see him. Can't see the boys. I stay up. I'm at BT's. Where's Rish? Rish told me to go. Where's Rish? Can't see him. Can't see the boys.
I stay. I'm at the wrong BT's
the other side of town. I go
back. Girl comes down. It's Halloween.
She goes, hi, I'm Barbie. She was dressed like Barbie.
I said, what a coincidence. I'm Ken.
She goes, yeah, you're dressed up, young guy.
I said, I play for the Habs. We just played against the Red
Wings. She goes, I fucking love the Red Wings.
You want to get out of here? We go to her trailer
park. Again, I'm not even in the fucking lineup we're going to san jose the next day she breaks
out she goes here takes a little little bottle pours it in the cap takes a shot you want some
i go what's that she goes ghb i don't know i never heard of it oh yeah never heard of it
i take a shot the next thing she goes go in my. I go in the room all around the walls, whips, chains.
Oh, no.
All kinds of crazy stuff.
Then I hear there's speakers in the fucking walls.
Then I hear Metallica goes on.
It's like, oh, God, Rust.
No, not Rust.
Never sleeps.
That's Megadeth.
Anyway, I can't remember.
Now I'm on the spot.
It's an early Metallica album, and it comes on.
Boom.
Right.
The last thing she walks in and goes, bend over.
She's.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I talk about this.
You throw a tongue dart down your ass.
What'd she do?
Well, yeah.
She fucked me like a pig is what she did.
And I didn't know what to do.
She wasn't a flight attendant was she guys i went
from fucking saint john's from mount pearl newfoundland to quenelle bc to tri-cities
very raw i wasn't even in red deer yet red deer at least you could drink in junior tri-cities is
like middle of nowhere 20 i had a lot of fun there 21 to drink we weren't even in the bars
like this was really really new i'm just on the ha. And now I'm getting fucked in a in a trailer by some girl that calls herself Barbie.
She's a stripper.
It's devil's night.
There's fire everywhere.
It's fucking crazy, man.
I call a cab.
It takes like an hour.
I get back.
It's like five in the morning.
And as I walk in, fuck, Mario Chambliss, like they're there like having breakfast.
Now we had like three days off.
I didn't know what to do man and i i know i know i get a reputation for partying and having fun but i really did when
i played took it serious like we were all going out i figured it was all good i just was honest
i told the boys exactly what happened and they laughed and they made me tell the story on the
bus going to the airport oh that reminds me we just had ashram on and he told the story at the strip
club when you ended up busting out the window and down the fire escape you pussy you fucking pussy
fucking black aces in the playoffs we go over to super sex what just it was a bad idea from
from the very minute it started me him jose theater i believe alan nazardine and matt higgins and uh yeah that's the crew
probably didn't even have to pay for lap dances oh no we didn't no they paid him to give him one
yeah you know his dad had hookups there i mean i don't know what went down but that's how we knew
those people so we well not the ha the people at super sex so we're probably all the same i don't
know we just went in so anyway fuck yeah i mean i'm telling the story again but this i i haven't heard that episode yet i listened
to most chicklets i just haven't got caught up yet we haven't we haven't dropped out yet he's
coming out like you could retell it out a biker and the guy had i don't know if ash said the guy
had no shirt on just a leather vest and he went like this and he flashed i go ash that's a fucking gun and
i don't care no just keeps drinking on his beer i go what we go sit down we go sit down the bouncer
comes over and he says boys these guys want to have their way with you and i told them who you
are and they don't care so i said well thanks a lot for telling me who and i looked at the boys
i said you know i love you guys i've proven enough enough over the last three years I'll fight for you I'll do I'll go to
the coach I'll take rap for you I won't be a rat I'm a good teammate but I'm also going to go in
and take a piss and there's a fire escape and I'm jumping out the fucking fire escape and I'm running
back to the fucking shadow Champlain I love you guys you all have an option I have an option
adios sure enough he fucking shows up at
like 2 30 eating like a burger king burger no big deal I go what happened he goes well I called my
brother who's in jail in Winnipeg right that has connections with I don't know the rock machine or
one of these gangs and he made a phone call and we're all good boys I don't know if Ash told you
the last part we fucking go to the rink the next day I don't know if Ash told you the last part. We fucking go to the rink the next day.
I don't know what Ash has said to them, but he cut a deal.
So the boys show up.
I guess he promised them that they could come into the room or whatever.
It looks so bad.
We're walking in.
You know, all the autograph seekers are there.
So everybody got to slow down.
And it's like three people in a row, like Jocelyn Thibault,
Stefan Kintal, Vincent Tomfus.
I'm going, oh, Jesus.
And then Reggie Houle. And we're
with these HA guys that won't take no for
an answer. It was just like
just bad news. But that was
Ash. I remember, guys, when I got hurt
and I had to come home and stop playing
pro, I remember one of my
first thoughts, if you can believe it, is
how's Ash going to get through?
Because I was his roommate in Red Deer,
Fredericton, then Montreal.
We spent a lot of time together and not that he needed me to get through, but I was just
like, I've been out with him so many times.
There's another time, guys, he got a knife pulled on him.
It was to his throat.
And you know what he did?
He cracked the bottle and put it to the guy's throat.
He says, you think I'm scared of that?
You're a fucking runner.
I know how gangs work.
If you take me out, everybody will be pissed off and you will be an asshole.
I'm like, holy shit.
He had no fear.
Tougher off the ice.
I don't know if he got into that, but way tougher off the ice.
And one of the most incredible things I'm like, he's going to go through each time he
goes out, shit might hit the fan.
And he ended up with like a 10 year career.
It was just wild.
I think every story he told, he was fighting someone in public, whether it was at 7-Eleven, whether it was at a bar.
I thought when you text me, I thought it was his pet tarantula.
You had a pet tarantula and red deer.
I didn't know what to do, man.
This is what I say.
It's different this year and red deer.
Right.
Then the next year I'm in Fredericton with Michelle Terrian and none of that shit went down I would get like benched for doing any of this it's why it was such a dichotomy of
of the mind like within a year going from that that situation but in Red Deer it was like it was
you know I wasn't the kind of leader that would go in and like hold everybody accountable and you
better fucking shape up or you know there are people to do that and you need them but I was
if you can't tell more of a loosey-goosey guy.
And, you know, guys, I know this is a crazy situation, but we got to breathe.
There's going to be an end to this.
It might as well be us.
You know, I was that guy.
They tell some jokes.
So anyway, the coach is like, we need something.
He's like, I don't know, do we need a new mascot or something? We had to do something for the playoffs.
Rick Carrier, who actually coached with Rick Vive in St. John just a few years later.
And anyway, I was like, I don't know, man. And I stopped in for some reason to the mall. I go to
the rink really early in pro and junior. I go like one o'clock in the afternoon, get a coffee,
go through maybe stretch, and I'd always read books or whatever. It just made me more nervous
to be at home. So I got there. I was on the way, maybe even a pregame meal. I
said, you know, what am I going to do? I was going by a pet store. And then I said, I don't know why
guys, I don't even know what it mattered, but I was like, I'm just going to buy a tarantula and
bring it to the rink. And like, you know, made it kind of her unofficial mascot. I named him Keith
and we put them in the middle of the table and we used to like, you know, do chants. And like,
before we went out to do our big thing and then like everybody tapped it tapped the cage yeah it was why and you guys you know
what happened to keith ash doesn't know this i didn't know what to do it's a spider but at the
end of the fucking year i flew my buddy out i used to love driving home from out west just you know
chance to see the country both countries i love driving i it. I loved it. Still do. So I flew my buddy out, Mike
Smith, and we drove across Canada
together with
Keith. So I get home.
Oh, God, this is great.
So my mom and dad were terrified,
but I'm like, it's a fucking spider.
Now, I didn't get it.
I didn't remove the venom. So if it
had bitten you, it would still have venom in it.
So, yeah, I mean, I should have, but I kept putting it off.
And I'm like, at this point, you know, I'm not really where I didn't pick him up a lot and walk all over me or anything.
So I'm like, I don't need to be worried. So we go downtown right in the peak of it.
I guess this was like, yeah, I was in junior. So senior would have been like my age now or even a little younger.
Like he was he was coming downtown with us wheeling and dealing kind of thing. Right. So we're out and we get her back. All the boys, we all come back to my place after my dad's place, the basement that you were in our biz. And we and we drink some beers. And this is like four or five in the morning, man. And so everybody leaves and senior's really hungry.
So I remember ordering them a pizza and I went to bed.
Okay.
So I get up in the morning and what happened was on the drive back,
the top of the very little,
the little opening in the top that you reach in and get the tarantula Keith,
that was broken.
So it wasn't there.
So I had a book on top holding the,
the tarantula in senior decides to read it loaded eating pizza i'm everybody's in bed it's like four or five in the morning and when i get
up i'm like what happened here jesus you knew like what happened you picked it up it's like
the guinness world book of records i'm like what are you doing and he's like i don't know i said
well the fucking tarantula's gone no way mom freaks out this was in the mount pearl papers mount pearl post at the time um she went out on the lawn this is
in the summer she slept in a tent not a fuck not a fuck oh here we go she's coming for a full circle
gee i don't know i hope no one was banging mom on the lawn um she slept in a tent for two months so we go in and it's like a week
into it and like me and the boys go in and we're like come on senior like we gotta do something
about this let's find it or like gail we gotta figure it out like get her in here like and he's
like i'm not worried about it and he's eating chips he goes outside he's like gail it's only
a spider anyway this went on and on. We had her convinced, guys convinced.
The spider was gone. I'm like, where's it going to go as soon as the winter comes?
So it was well in. It was like a month after this. She came in the house. It was too cold to be out there anymore.
Anyway, we wait. It's gone. I convinced her it's gone. It was at least five years later, if not eight.
Way like this is late 2000s we're downstairs on a
friday as you as luck would have it we're looking over and all the boys are there and it's like five
or six of us we're sitting around and it's just one of those things we're talking to each other
in a circle usually we're looking at the tv because it's videos or hockey fights we're talking
in a circle and wouldn't you know it keith comes
fucking running out from from under the fucking couch and runs right across and goes in behind
dad's records i was like his albums i'm like holy fuck so keith lived at least a decade i don't know
what happened to him but what what does spiders eat what do tarantulas eat? They ate one of TRC's fingers. Yeah.
We live like... Your old mom's bin.
Oh, fuck.
See, that's where you'll go, right?
And that's why you don't have any fucking credibility
when good things happen, right?
Because we're talking about my mom's mitt
and my mom's fuck tent.
Yeah, she was taking the fucking Babcock in the tent.
Well, oh, God.
Oh, God.
Anyway, you know what
given that senior was in his 40s and i know how um wound up the guy is when he drinks it probably
was a fuck tent at that yeah oh my god that is hey so one one story that i don't think he put
enough salt and pepper on or at least maybe didn't end it properly was the um the terrian getting
beat up when you was your head coach
in Fregerton in the American Hockey League.
Like, what happened at the bar?
That was such a nightmare.
I told you, that was the year.
Like, after all that fun stuff in Red Deer,
and by the way, by the way, Red Deer, we had success.
We ended up losing to Lethbridge in seven,
and they went on to do the Memorial Cup.
I don't think they won it.
They lost 6-5 that year, I think.
Not a big deal here.
Led the playoffs in scoring with
18, which is still a record for three rounds
in the Western League.
Not that you asked, but to go from that
to go from that, trust me,
I thought I'm in.
I made the Canadians at the beginning of this year.
I came back, set a record
in the playoffs, had 32 goals in 33 games, man.
I was like, and then I went in and fucking met Michelle Terry in one of the first interviews.
I told you he just had a dart.
He just lit up a dart, smoked it, and told me to get the fuck out of the room without even saying.
I mean, it was like, what the fuck is this?
It's like growing up.
And then there's like, where am I?
Who is this guy?
I mean, am I in a fucking psych ward? Anyway, he, um, there was so much guys. And for me, but there was an incident. Okay. There was an incident. This was big news.
year with a guy, Scott King. Scott could really snipe. Dave King was the assistant coach of the Canadians. This was his son. Three of us were from the Western League. I remembered him from
Prince Albert, our division. We had good years together. I think in like around 50 games,
we all had around 50 points around there. Like we did well. And we went in to play St. John's.
Now, this is St. John's Maple Leafs, Fredericton Canadiens playoffs.
So neither team, both teams either were already knocked out of the playoffs or didn't make it.
This was either the first or second round.
I can't remember.
But there was no Canadian teams left in the playoffs.
So all eyes were on us.
And we wore like it was really Habs Leafs because it was St. John's Maple Leafs with the Toronto jerseys.
And, you know, there's something to be said.
It wasn't the Hamilton Bulldogs. was the Fredericton Canadians so it
was Leafs Habs like classic matchup Memorial Stadium and St. John's that old school rank
so they come over first two games um first two games in St. John's we beat them it's a three
out of five must have been the first round three out of five we fucking beat him me and ash rip it rip it i remember it was our best like games in like
three months me him and kanger were reunited again there was injuries there's we're doing awesome
so the game ends we win again we go back to freder. Now, I don't know if you've ever heard the story about Mark DL, big scorer that lost his eye.
So this happens.
Game three, we're up two games to nothing in a three out of five.
We go back to playing Fredericton.
Weirdest thing I've ever seen.
We're facing off in our own end.
Scott King's our centerman.
He goes to take the face off.
They kick him out.
Ash goes to take the face off.
They kick him out.
Now I'm the last forward. I go to take it. I go off, they kick him out. Ash goes to take the face off, they kick him out. Now I'm the last forward.
I go to take it.
I go early.
They kick me out.
One of our defensemen had to take the face off.
Milo Slav-Geran.
Milo never take the face off in his life.
Goes to lift Mark Dyle's stick.
Hits him in the eye.
Mark Diesel is a buddy of mine, too, man.
We were on the All-star team in junior together.
He's drafted the Leafs.
He's really turned it on.
He had like 150 points his last year out there,
and we would talk off the ice like you would.
I would play him hard.
But his eye is out, and there's pus, there's yellow, there's blood.
Oh, no.
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen.
He took his eye out, or it's just cut in his head?
I think both.
It was the worst puddle of gook that I've ever seen.
It was parts of eye, parts of...
It was brutal.
So Miloslav is fucking scarred for life from this.
Well, I mean, I don't know, but at the time.
So he's crying.
We're in the house and
he's shaking he can't you know we knew right away dale's career is over and he was the leading
scorer like he definitely would have got some time in toronto so we go to the hospital to visit mark
okay i take milo in i'm crying i'm shaking'm sweating. I'm looking at my good buddy, Mark Dale, big, tough
hockey player in his prime. Gone. His eyes out. He's got no eye anymore. We're talking about what
he's going to do after hockey. He's shaken. I love you, T-Bone. Thanks for coming. Thanks for coming.
I go to the rink. We go to practice, right? This is the morning, next morning. We go to practice.
We come off. Mike Tarian holds a fucking meeting and he says, guys, we have a traitor. We have
traitors on our team. And I'm going, I'm just chewing gum, undoing my skates. I got a game
tonight. I'm one of our leading scorers. I think I got our most fights on our team. I got of the year the year before i'm a first round fucking pick. You're not talking to me. Are you?
He fucking comes right down gets in my face boys. We have a traitor
And now i'm going he's talking about me
I'm going okay. I'm listening
He said guys
It's the playoff and we have members of our team that visit the other team.
Friends.
I said, it's not friends.
I looked around at my buddies.
I'm like, are you guys fucking serious?
They didn't know it was coming either.
And he says, well, I'm going to sit you out tonight.
This is the beginning of it.
I didn't want to be there anyway.
I'm like, you fucking cunt.
Sorry.
Really.
I was like, fuck you.
Fuck you.
Everything I've given you you i'm a good teammate
you know i've fought with fucking blood fucking spit tears sweat and you're gonna sit there
because i visited a guy who just lost his fucking eye who's my friend and sit me out
now at the game later that night more said i know theodore a bunch of them went in and said are you serious here like we're not
playing if terry doesn't really i'm serious so he comes back in he said well you're in the lineup
okay so he played me they win it's two games to two i don't remember what happened in the game
it was two games to two though now we're going back to saint john's for game five deciding game we go
to saint john's me ash a bunch of us we go out earlier but i mean but this is nuts guys like
saint john's had a drinkers team it was a drinkers league like as far as hockey goes like you know at
that time but there's going out and then there's going out these guys were tying one on and they
were just hard nose like thorny was there uh fuck dj smith was there i'm not saying that you know i'm just
saying kitten kabut bird dog was there uh todd gillingham a lot of old nathan dempsey a lot of
old school guys lani bohanas okay oh yeah so we're out we don't mike thinks we're gonna go out i mean
he really thought i think he thought that me and ash were way crazier than we really were
like if we were out for a night you probably see me on stage dancing or singing or something.
But that's tying one on.
I'd have a beer or two really trying to meet women or other hockey players or whatever.
I'm killing time.
There's no social media.
There's no video games.
Not that I want to be doing it.
It's a bar.
It's a pub culture at the time.
But we didn't.
We did not go out and shake it down till five in the morning the night before games.
I kid you not.
So or whenever till bar close but he apparently so we go in the next day the morning of game five and he has another meeting guys guys i'm scared for my life he says i'm scared for my life
and his his eyes he's like red and he's crying. And we're going, what the fuck's going on?
And then he takes us aside and says, I know you guys know. I'm like, what? And he says to me, and Ashley says something, you know, those players on that team don't have many good things to say
about you. I don't know. He's trying to light my fire, but I don't need that anymore, Mike.
I'm not junior. I'm not, you know, I'm not 10 years old. What are you telling me here? What
happened? I know you guys were out. No, we no we weren't what happened so what happened was he went down to what's now tj's turkey joe's on george street
he says to watch the game now there was one little tv and it was like he didn't go into tj's as a
dance club young the average age is 23 it's still like like that. You don't go there to watch any games, especially at the time.
But Lonnie was in there.
Thorny was in there.
Jason Sessa, a few more.
I don't know what level of drunk.
But Lonnie was in there drinking because his best buddy was Mark DL,
who's from Winnipeg like Lonnie.
And Lonnie was pissed off.
And Lonnie was in there, I guess, having a shooter, whatever he was doing.
I don't really know what they were doing out.
It's not up to me to say they were great players and fucking, I guess he goes over it.
Now, this is from my buddy Bruno, who was bartending that night.
Okay.
And I don't know what Lonnie would say, but I know that it was virtually was something
like this.
So he goes over and says, you know, you guys are out tonight and you know, it's, it's too bad what happened to Mark.
It's too bad what happened to Mark. And Lonnie goes, yeah, man,
I'm really down about it or whatever, but you know,
keep your distance and everything. They're kind of, and he says, well,
you know what? On second thought, he's a punk who cares.
Now it was some iteration of those words. I'm paraphrasing,
but I'm telling you there was people there that heard it.
Lonnie punched him in the fucking face.
Now there's a mini brawl going on.
Mike's in there with, I think, Rolly Melanson.
I could be wrong.
I don't know if the boys want me to tell this, but fuck it.
It's years later.
And it's public.
This happened.
So now we're kind of filling in the blanks.
And what ended up happening was it spilled outside.
They all, I think, they went down the road wherever they went and it you know it it was nearly a bar it was
nearly a fight outside the cab so when we get to the rink in the morning we're hearing all this
and we're hearing our names involved and i mean we were home like that night the night before we
might not have been but that particular night we were home so we don't even really know what's happening but he's kind of lumping it all together now we play
the game fucking ash has at least a goal and assist i can't remember we do all right and the
lani scores though first shift lani takes a slapper it goes upstairs the whole rink knows
what happened everybody in town knows what happened and they're freaking out they stood up
gave him an extra standing ovation.
They're up 1-0, and I mean, it was classic Lonnie
Bahanas. Over the line, up under
the bar on Theodore. Great goal.
We come back, though. We win. I remember
we won by a goal. It was tight.
Now, we go
to shake hands. Oh, no.
Tyrion pulls everybody off the ice. You're not
shaking, and I go, this is my fucking
hometown. Are you going to start getting in my face about shaking ice. You're not shaking. And I go, this is my fucking hometown.
You're going to start getting in my face about shaking hands?
You fuck, really.
And this isn't me thinking.
This is me talking.
And I remember a lot of the English guys, Asham, not that it was an English-French,
but I think some of the French guys were, well, they couldn't communicate.
And a lot of them were intimidated by him.
And it was me.
It was almost to a person, the English guys, I remember, and a few of the French.
Anyway, maybe half the team, not not even stayed out there and shook hands right after lani's got
his skates on the zamboni door and doors open they're on their way to the room and they put
cuffs on him and he gets in the cop car with his fucking gear on i'm serious this happened
well i mean of course it is of course i'm serious what a waste of time if i wasn't so anyway so this happens and he ends up suing him so lani gets called up for the playoffs
look this up toronto's leading scorer beat sundin leading score 98 99 i guess it would have been in the play nine games in the playoffs nine points
three goals six assists never plays in the nhl again ever come on that was his last games look
holy how we were all going fuck does terrian have fucking ties to the mob i'm not saying he does
but i'm going and i'm really not trying to imply that but it was like so weird we're going he never
got back up he went up for the playoffs of all times to get nine points in nine games that'd
be good in exhibition the playoffs in that era holy fuck man i just couldn't believe that he
never got back now what we heard i know that lonnie hired danny williams who was a lawyer
at the time who ended up being our premier just a couple of years later and did a pretty good job, all things considered.
But he was a lawyer. And I know I forget. And it's not really at my liberty to say, but I believe he said, well, he was going to cut.
He was going to. OK, so if this is going to come out, we know where you were, Michelle.
And we've got this, this, this, and this.
And that'll all come out, too.
I don't know what it was, but I can only speculate.
But then rather than just say, no, I think Michelle, whatever he did, he called the hockey news and said, you know, I'm going to let bygones be bygones.
We're all good.
But I think he was threatened by something. But anyway, now, guys, that happened.
I don't know if that's the story he told you.
And I don't want to hear it.
Yours was extended a little bit of the longer version. Well, but that, that happened. I don't know if that's the story he told you. And I don't want to hear it. Yours was extended a little bit of the longer version.
Well, but that's what happened.
And I'm trying to create some imagery for you guys.
Oh, you did a hell of a job.
That was crazy shit.
Now, look, I, again, I don't want this to shitstorm.
I know it will to a degree.
But I forgive Michel Therrien.
It was a different era.
And he was really, I know what he was trying to do.
He was trying to make us into soldiers. His frame of mind was that of babcock or mike keenan
or bob hartley a lot of people at the time i forgive the guy if i saw him now i'd shake his
hand it's fucking over 20 years ago right so i'm not saying it complaining or anything whatever
that all that shit happened and there was times during the year that i had like blue hair and a
mohawk coming back from a metallica concert looking like I was on ecstasy.
I wasn't.
I didn't do drugs then.
But I'm just saying I can really I should have communicated better with the guy.
Okay.
So all of that is hearsay.
It's just that's what happened.
Wow.
Yeah.
It was a pretty wild story.
And to this day, I can't believe that Lonnie Bahanas didn't play again.
That is just fucking wild.
I mean, these stories are unbelievable.
Before the night before games, the night after games,
it leads me into the Achilles heel of the big deal selects.
If we're going to talk Chiclets Cup, the Friday night, something happens.
The team goes wild.
You're usually three and oh, and then Saturday morning,
the boys are in rough shape.
We got to establish a curfew this year.
Okay.
The good news is Chiclets Cup is growing,
so we actually got the Buffalo Sabres who got us tickets
to the Buffalo Sabres-Pittsburgh Penguins.
It's the last preseason game before the season starts.
So we'll go to the game, and then we've got to do bed checks, T.R.
Let me tell you something.
If you don't have a girl in there, you better get one soon.
If you think those guys aren't going out,
I'm your Penguin Sabres game.
TR, come on.
You're fucking crazy.
Hey, here.
This is what we got to do.
You think Con Man's going to go tuck himself into bed and watch a movie?
Yeah.
Jeez.
You think, senior?
Should we get a couple of hook daddies in the hotel room?
A little pay-for-play?
You think Cole is going to stay in and pass up some free fucking booze and Pink Whitney?
We'll do electrolytes and hookers.
Well, this is what I think.
I think rather than, I mean, of course we need to figure that out.
But I think more importantly, we got to make sure that the members of the team we're playing stay the fuck out.
Rather than all of us, you know, rather than what?
Try to out-duel each other
by getting more sleep than the other team.
Let's just take Noseface Killer by the fucking arm.
Let's put G in their water bottles.
Put handcuffs on us.
Let's put G in their water bottles
and bring Barbie back.
Well, I mean, of course.
We don't see TR for a week.
No, you can't do them until after we win the ship
I like my mom saying TR
You could probably get the whole trophy up her pussy
That's how much she's been filled in
No comment
I'm glad Witt brought up the con man
We forgot to mention him earlier
You were out with him this summer was it
Montreal or Toronto
He actually got his album signed by
Noel Gallagher in the middle of the concert
I've never seen anything like that before in hundreds of
Concerts dude this was fucked I had to go up to
Toronto just for a stag party for one night
On a Friday my daughter
I had to he says
My daughter
Was in Montreal for her A soccer trip the next friday
so there's a week in between i'm like rather than go home and go through all that i can just drive
over i get a free place to stay so and then con man was coming up it was fluke he just texted me
goes you're in toronto like if you're staying noel gallagher's playing so i'm like yeah and we really
like oasis noel Gallagher, obviously.
He's a huge fan.
I mean, I like he can tell you every song.
I'm sure bio of Gallagher.
Like he's big time.
So we went we went out earlier that day, guys, to get a bite to eat up in Liberty Village.
I can't remember the name of the place, but it's a wicked place in Toronto.
Budweiser stage.
They revamped it.
There's a concert there almost every day of the summer this was wild but what i didn't know was that weezer and uh alan doyle and oh god
noel gallagher there was a bunch of other bands playing so i ended up going on a bender for a few
days but anyway noel gallagher so we go out and he's got the album and i'm like what are you
bringing your album like just come on we on. We're going to be drinking.
We're going to be out.
You're going to have to bring that big fucking vinyl record around wherever you go.
And you know he's not going to sign it.
He doesn't do that shit.
You know it and I know it.
He goes, well, there's a chance.
And then he goes, look at my ticket.
So we were like, we had good tickets.
I was like, I don't know, 20 seats back.
Tom Mann bought him and his brother.
He bought to Cody, who plays overseas now in Cardiff.
They got tickets right up front, front row front center it was like i don't know six seven hundred bucks a ticket
con man loves him so they did it he goes look well i go well i guess technically there's a chance
but still he doesn't do that stuff and sure enough the concert went by i knew it wasn't
going to happen i wasn't even thinking about it. We could see him down there, but I'm looking at this huge IMAX like screen right next to where we were. I'm with my
friend, Derek. I came down from Sudbury. And so we're back. I'm having a good time. And the boys
are kind of scattered, but they're up there. Now we look, I only turned the camera on. I only turned
it on because senior was going to come and he couldn't
get there. And one of his favorite songs of all time is don't look back in anger by Oasis,
Noel Gallagher. So we, we, I turned the thing on. And as soon as I turn it on, I see him,
he takes the, I go, no way. And then I see Connor up. Connor's going at it and says, Hey man,
I love you. You're the man. And he take just, he did Lionel Richie takes it, signs it,
throws it back to him.
The best part was that he flung it like a Frisbee,
and calm man just went and caught it.
If he didn't, he might have looked like a fool, but he did.
And he turned around, and the camera was behind Connor.
And he just did this one, looking out at the thousands,
20,000 people strong, looking down.
It was such a great night.
And afterwards, we certainly had a lot of fun with that but it was one of the best nights i've had i gotta give it
to connor man he wants that full experience if he's going to a concert it's all possibilities
on the table and uh he's a huge music fan hey he can say that now twice it happened with lionel
ritchie and noel gallagher i we give them shit, but hey, if you're a fan,
what better fan experience than that?
Unreal.
Can't wait to quaff a few with him up in Buffalo.
He's the man.
TR, we got...
This has been incredible.
We're recording on Friday.
We got about 13 days, buddy,
and we're going to be hanging out in Buffalo.
I can't wait.
I can't wait to get a chance to coach that squad again.
Basically just a door opener, try to fire you guys up.
But you do such a phenomenal job of that yourself.
So looking forward to it.
Can't wait to see you.
And it's nice catching up.
Boys, I'll tell you this.
We got a little bit of young.
It's mostly the same guys back.
I got a couple of younger players that are involved in the Newfoundland program,
the national program.
But more than anything, I picked guys who I think are going to gel
with the big deal selects with the spit and chiclets.
That's all that matters, buddy.
I mean, what are you doing?
Like I said, you want to win with your buddies, right?
And these are real, real, real good friends of mine.
Bobby's real, real, real good buddy, Denny Schlegel.
And I said, why not?
Let's go.
I mean, we nearly did it last time, boys.
We lost by one goal to a team minus no space that ended up winning the world
championship as members of team canada just a month after that and so we were almost there
now i'm confident i know i've got a group good group coming of players i know i got a good group
of partiers and i think uh and their team first great people that i trust right i trust you guys
i trust them that's a big attribute to have, I think.
The biggest is trust.
And these guys, you're going to like them.
So on Shorzy, you're 10 Hitchcock,
and I've been seeing a couple of messages.
People are wondering, have you found love on the show?
Now, who is the girl who is in the show
that you are always going back and forth with?
She is a missile.
Oh, yes.
Well, you're going to, I can't give too much away,
but I know you can't spill the beans,
but who's the girl?
Well, I'm Googling girl and Shorzy.
No, well, but there are,
so who's the girl?
Tasa, tell us.
Well, wait, she's in it.
She's famous from the show,
The Hundred, right?
So Tasia came in,
she was the only one of us
that she had a million
followers going in right so they they went out of their way to kind of build it around her if you
could she's she's a great actress as you can tell i don't need to say that but yes i mean of all of
us i mean i had some acting experience ryan mcdonnell had a little bit but tassia was by far
i mean the most well known on that show but that's not my love interest. No, I, the reason I can't say it is, is because,
okay.
Um,
it doesn't really,
in the first it's,
it's kind of foggy.
So if I,
if I say that I'm going to give away a plot point,
but there is a girl that I'm interested in and,
um,
she is very pretty.
And Ted Hitchcock is enamored by her.
Well,
I look forward to seeing the fuck Ted in season three.
And,
uh,
you guys and,
uh,
you guys have done an incredible job key so
we try to get him on the show but he he flies under the radar so we'll stick with you for now
we just had barasti on and uh we'll get uh we'll get a few other guys down the road as well but
tiara it's always a pleasure tons of laughs a lot of great stories and wit said at 13 days
and we'll be slamming a few cocktails, a couple big-deal brews with the Selects, baby.
Boys, I can't wait to see you.
Congrats on all the recent success.
And despite everything, Biz, like I said, I love what happened last week.
I don't want to get into the gist of it, the subject matter,
but you were proven to be credible when a lot of people doubted you.
And like I said, these guys entertain.
There's the odd sound bite, but they're on the ground they're they're buddies with players they played the game they're
in and around the game so there's more credibility there than i think a lot of people realize uh
because i guess comments like the fuck tent and my mom's mitt out on the lawn no pro good old keith
need a cigarette after this one holy shit buddy crushed it as always
oh buddy don't fuck with the players right don't fuck with the players don't fuck with the players
man and that's going to be our motto too don't fuck with the big deal selects or justin pender
and company are coming at you by the way crank the metallica picture of the year in sports illustrated the last one that terry milby took
with with pender with nose face up against the uh glass i thought that was just great
the one where you and bobby was great too you're just only in a towel holding roses that that was
classic i tell you it was great to see him and he nearly did it man he was their driving force
that guy i've played against him for so long, 15 years or more now.
And
we talk about all this spit and
chiclets, but it really is like an honor
for me to play with him.
There's storylines with all of us coming in as
well that you guys are getting to know
the more and more you know us. But I always
thought Bobby was the best player around
for years. I thought he was the best player on the
planet, and it's an honor to play with him.
All right,
buddy.
We'll see you this Friday season.
So we love you.
T take care of you guys.
Catch you on the rebound.
All right.
Before you go any further,
here's a word from our friends at Zen.
We're all looking for a change in routine,
whether that's hitting a new machine at the gym
or listening to new music. So if you're looking to move away from the hassle of traditional tobacco,
Zin nicotine pouches are a simple way to introduce that change in your everyday life.
And get this, they're America's number one nicotine pouch, only the best for our listeners.
Zin comes in 10 varieties like Spammit,
Coffee, and Wood to Green. So you guys have your pick when it comes to throwing a three milligram
or a six milligram of that satisfaction pack pouch. Let me tell you, these pouches deliver
that pure nicotine satisfaction no matter what strength or variety you choose. Zinn nicotine
pouches are smoke-free, spit-free, and hands-free.
That works to your advantage on or off the ice. And if you're curious about what a premium
nicotine experience looks like...
man i mean terry's been on what i think five times i think that was his best appearance biz like those stories all time is like come on was that the funniest the way oh he's such a funny
bastard i'm so happy i forget who ended up putting us in touch with him to begin with it might have
been teddy purcell telling me that this guy is just off his rocker and me and g went out there what was it a
few years ago to do i think 2018 we went to newfoundland oh my god that's when i finally
met senior for the first time i got my first trip to the basement and it's everything as described
so thanks to terry and man he's been on a heater too he's doing all this stuff where he's doing
stand-up he obviously got introduced to the show uh Shorzy and that's kind of uh spearheaded his career even
further as far as the the the acting's concerned so we thank him every time and I'm looking forward
to compete with him at Chicklets Cup so a perfect time to bring him on and uh and G I'll send it
over to you for more information on Chicklets Cup yeah because like a lot of people think you know
you have to be participating in the Chicklets Cup
to come hang out, come drink,
come to the Free Dirty Honey concert.
Not true at all.
Anyone can come.
It's open to the public.
I'll run through the schedule real quick
and people can decide if they want to come or not.
But Thursday night, we have a five o'clock party.
It's for participants only at the Labatt Brewhouse.
But then Friday, we start the games at 9 a.m.
And then the Big Deal Selects play at 10.30 a.m. They play at 12.m. And then the big deal selects play at 1030 a.m.
They play at 1245 and then they play at 215.
This is all on Friday.
And then that's why you're training so hard.
Yeah, it's a lot of games.
Three in one day, three in like five hours.
And then the entire Chicklets Cup is heading to the Buffalo Sabres game that night.
Sabres versus Penguins.
We got everyone a ticket.
It's going to be an absolute blast. And then same thing Saturday. Games get going at 9am.
The award ceremony will happen at 6pm. And then we have a free Dirty Honey concert at Riverworks
starting at 8pm. So it's going to be an absolute blast. Like I said, we're going to have merchandise.
I got a video of the RA free throw contest that's going to be set up in one of the
corners today. It looks incredible. We'll have a golf simulator. So there's so many different
things and there's so many different reasons for you to come to this if you're not participating.
And one is hanging out with Terry Ryan and Terry Ryan Sr. because they're buzzing around the whole
time. And one of the complaints last year was the fact that the food was a little bit slow. So we
have more food trucks showing up and there's going to be more easily food available for people who are
just there to as not participants so it's anybody can come on friday and saturday it's open to the
public as g mentioned and that concert's going to be a good time so we hope to get at least a few
thousand who roll up and enjoy the festivities with us and uh it's all brought to you by labat
big deal brewing labat blue light pink whitney and then is it body armor is body armor is and enjoy the festivities with us. And it's all brought to you by Labatt, Big Deal Brewing,
Labatt Blue Light, Pink Whitney.
And then is it Body Armor?
Body Armor as well, too.
Okay.
Well, thank you very much.
And the Bills play at 9 a.m. the next day, Murr?
Sunday, 9.30 a.m. versus Jacksonville.
But I want everybody to come down to Buffalo,
but just be careful if you see a tent on Chippewa Street.
Don't go knocking.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't be going anywhere you see a tent on Chippewa street, don't go knocking. Yeah. Yeah.
Don't be going anywhere near the fuck tent.
The old stabbing cabin.
You might get one more thing.
Like I mentioned at the beginning of the show,
uh,
myself,
um,
Merle's army,
we will be getting auctioned off to play on a team in the chicklets cup.
So that'll happen Thursday night.
Merle's is a great,
great D partner.
I couldn't suggest paying for more.
And it's all going to go to charity.
So that'll happen Thursday night.
A lot of long sauce up to the forwards from my own end.
And then I can just glide up.
Play that position in a rocking chair, Merle.
We just mentioned Shorzy.
It dropped up in Canada last week on Crave.
So if you're up in Canada, Shorzy season two is out there.
And down here in the States, October 27th, it'll be here on Hulu.
So can't wait to check myself out in season two.
And, of course, Terry, who does a terrific job, as does everybody on the show.
And shout out Jared Kiso, the mastermind behind all of it.
A great guy, and he takes care of a lot of people.
So I want to give him a little shout out as well.
Terry just mentioned Michelle Terry and Witt's favorite coach.
And, you know, talking what's favorite coach and,
you know,
talking about guys methods and,
you know,
coaches kind of being under the microscope.
Well,
last week in the WHL,
when actually wild coach,
Kevin Constantine,
who coached in the NHL,
I think Merle's,
you had him for a coach over in Korea,
if I'm not mistaken.
He was suspended on Sunday,
September 24th.
The league's independent report channel received a complaint about his
behavior.
It's all under investigation right now.
It's been more than a week.
Personally, guys, I thought it would have been done by now.
I mean, it's, you know, you got to interview guys, make a decision.
I don't think this is fair to the players there who, who's no,
I don't think there's an assistant coach them now, the staff there.
It just, you know, I think it should have been wrapped up by now.
What do you think this is too long?
A week, a week plus.
Well, should we explain like what the rumors are or what, what is too long? A week plus? Well, should we explain what the rumors are
or what is being said that's coming out of it?
From what we're hearing, I think 20 minutes probably would have been too long.
Yeah, exactly.
And I guess, are we going to say what we're being told?
Because you and Biz are hearing it,
so I might as well share the fact that apparently,
and this is allegedly,
the guy is dropping the N-bomb all over the locker
room so if that's actually true i don't really understand how it's been a week so i i the guy's
actually wit it's pretty much identical to the bill peter story where in the locker room rap
music was being played and he comes in and says what's up with the n n bomb music and then
it's kind of like a like everybody's like uh yeah you can't say that kind of thing and then he's
and and then everybody's kind of just paused there and he's like what i can't say the n bomb n bomb
n bomb n bomb and i don't know how many times he apparently dropped it but enough to where from what i'm hearing it was the the the other coaches and and other people like the grown-ups around who
filed the complaint not even the players so and i think that there's also a black kid on the team
as well so i don't know how long challenged is he well listen and once again this is all allegedly
i i would imagine it's it's probably not the case where if this didn't happen, that all of a sudden the story is just coming out. Like I've been getting texts about it. So a pretty, pretty wild story, especially at the fact that Bill Peters, who ended up getting canned for this and that whole crazy Akeem Malou story ended up coming out where he was actually just reinstated to start coaching again in the WHL. I don't know what sparked this guy to do that,
given the fact that he had a prime example of what happens
if you do act like that in Bill Peters being reinstated.
So we're going to allow this to play out,
but pretty crazy behavior if it did happen,
and I would imagine he's not coaching in a few weeks if it did.
Yeah, I played for KC Casey two years and I loved him.
When I heard this, it was shocking to me because I didn't see anything like this from him.
He's been in the game coaching for longer than all of us have been alive.
I think he was phenomenal coach.
Nice guy.
So calm, crazy about making us watch this video.
We would watch the game three different times,
but it's,
I don't understand it.
The only thing I could come up with in my head,
because I know the guy,
I liked the guy was that,
that Peters or the WHL paid him off to do this.
It's to take the,
the glow off of Peters getting rehired back,
which is just bananas.
Deep space nine.
So Bill Peters came back with all that Russian money,
gave it to Casey to go retire. Oh yeah. Cause now we're getting Deep Space Nine here. So Bill Peters came back with all that Russian money, gave it to KC to go retire.
Oh, yeah, because it's going to take the focus off him
because everybody's relating both stories.
Yeah, good job.
And just to bring this up too, Biz,
Ryan Kennedy, the Hockey News,
this is his tweet from the 26th of September.
From what I'm hearing, the allegation,
and right now it is still an allegation
while they investigate against Kevin Constein
involves the use of a racial slur. So's not you know us starting a rumor it's been
it's been out there in different channels and i mean if it isn't fact true i don't know if it's
it's if it's stupider or uglier the fact that 2023 again after they brought peters back and
a couple months later they hired this guy and if he were to do this like what the fuck man like
what the fuck i i think that's all I can say.
And back to Peters, when Hakeem Alou came out with his tweets about what Peters had said to him,
Peters resigned within 48 hours.
Like, it was like he copped to it.
He resigned and he was gone.
So the idea that this is eight days later, I don't know, man.
Well, that makes me think that we don't have the entire story.
No.
Okay, yeah.
It's obvious.
If the story that we've been told is correct he's gone
though so the it's eight days now and and it doesn't really make any sense so maybe we did
maybe we were we were fed uh some incorrect info or something i don't know but we'll see what
happens yeah we'll keep tabs on it uh but much more pleasant coaching news last week. A huge
shout out and congratulations to Corey Chevry and Jessica Campbell becoming the first two women to
coach behind the NHL bench. Chevry is the head coach of Montreal, the PWHL. She joined the
Penguins development and training camps as a guest instructor. She was behind the bench with
assistant coach Mike Vellucci versus Columbus last Sunday, the 24th. And Campbell's with Dan Bilesma.
She coached one of the Kraken's split squad units Monday versus Calgary.
Bilesma is the coach of AHL Coachella Valley.
Campbell's the assistant there.
She's the first woman also to become a full-time coach in the AHL,
as we reported back when it happened.
Just a good stop is, I mean, this is a lot of progress.
I mean, we started the NBA with San Antonio and Becky Hammond. Hammond I mean all you gotta do is tip your cap to these ladies it's probably a lot tougher
for them than it is for a guy to to get to this point biz oh it's awesome to see it shows the
games evolving as well so uh congratulations to all of them and then also recently they had the
the women's hockey league they had their draft live and Billie Jean King uh ended up going up
there and kind of teeing it all off.
So just a lot of positive movement for women in the hockey world right now.
Yeah, PWHL starts its 24-game regular season schedule in January.
The six inaugural franchises, three in the U.S., three in Canada, Boston, Minneapolis-St. Paul,
the New York City region, Montreal, Toronto, and Ottawa.
A couple of notable women's hockey legends had signed prior to the draft.
Sarah Nurse up in Toronto, Hillary Knight here in Boston.
And in the draft, University of Minnesota's Taylor, I think it's Heiss,
taken first by the Twin Cities franchise.
And there's no more competing leagues around.
That was kind of a big hindrance to the women's game.
You can't have two leagues fight like that.
So they're all in the one umbrella right now.
It also put the women in a bad spot too
because it feels like it was all beefing
and it was a little bit counterproductive.
But it's nice that they got everything organized
and things moving in the right direction.
Absolutely.
And also these women seem to be getting compensated fairly
for what they're doing
and how they're putting their bodies on the line.
Like it's, you know, that's also getting up there as well too.
As they should.
The teams are owned and operated by the league,
which is fully funded by L.A. Dodgers co-owner Mark Walter
and his wife, Kimber.
So hats off to them for, you know, for financing this,
for taking care of it.
And hopefully the women's game keeps growing out there.
So before we get to the final four teams in the division,
that time of the episode, Ryan, my gears, Biz.
What do you got?
What do you got for us?
Nothing too crazy this week.
All right, this better be fucking good.
Let me tell you.
It's not as good as last week.
I was fired up last week,
but grinds my gears brought to you by Big Deal Bruin.
Go to bigdealbruin.com slash find it
and see where you can find it near you.
One of these things that pops up,
drives me crazy.
Not what you guys,
we have the big chicklets text thread,
the regular chicklets text thread.
I can't stand man
when you get a group text with 25 fucking people in it and you know two of them and you have all
these foreign numbers and they keep going going back and forth i try to pause it or delete it or
whatever leave the fucking group chat all right i tried but then you're getting chirped by the
group chat when you who gives a fuck he says he doesn't know half of them. He doesn't even know them. How often have you left
the group chat? I know, I just don't have it on my phone.
How often have I? Yeah.
Many times that I don't want to be in them,
I get texts, hey, night before Thanksgiving,
everyone, shoot on back, see ya,
Ryan Whitney's left chat.
If I don't like a group chat and it
grinds my gears enough, I leave the goddamn
chat. Yeah, okay.
Like, I click the high notices.
I thought like that kept them from like disturbing you every two seconds when someone's chiming
in.
If someone asks a question,
but that didn't work for me.
I can't stand group chats either.
Yeah.
I mean,
like again,
get to the point.
Some of them are great though.
Some of them are great.
You got buddies,
group chats,
there's stuff going on and you catch up with it.
You like it,
but some of them are brutal.
Like those are the exceptions.
Like us with the big chick, let's say, as you call it, with all the boys there and But some of them are brutal. Those are the exceptions. Like us with the big chicklets, as you call it,
with all the boys there and our group chat for the show.
Those are fun.
They're kind of like we've all agreed to be on them.
But when you get one like, hey, we're having a reunion this weekend
and there's 75 dudes on there and you don't know who they are.
It's just, oh, my God.
Kills my fucking OCD.
So not a huge deal this week.
You just go up and mute it in the corner.
You get zero notifications.
And while they all build up, your phone doesn't vibrate once.
Thank you, man.
My millennial.
Come hook me up again with the techno shit.
So again, grinds my gears.
That's what's grinding my gears this week.
Brought to you by Big Deal Bruin.
Go to BigDealBruin.com slash find it or find it near you.
Oh, look what I have right here.
Oh, okay.
There we go.
Second half is going to be sloth. No, I had to do an ad earlier
that's been sitting there for a while
thank you buddy
alright next up the Dallas Stars
last season 108 points
second in the central 8th out of 32 teams
they lost in the Western Conference
finals to Vegas 4 games to 2
great series 14-1 to win the Cup this year.
Some new faces.
Matt Duchesne, Sam Steele, Craig Smith, Gavin Bayreuther.
They said bye to Luke Glendening, Colin Miller, Riley Tufte, Max Domi, Will Butcher.
They're a little bit over the cap, but we got a ways to go.
The season hasn't started quite yet.
They really didn't lose any major contributors.
I think bringing in Duchesne and Smith are the big contributions they can add to that depth scoring.
They haven't gotten any worse.
I think last year,
Archer is great as he is.
Better already.
They've gotten better.
Nope.
No argument here,
but he,
he,
I thought I just slipped a little in the,
in the post season,
great regular season numbers.
I don't know if he was overworked in the regular season,
but what,
what,
what you got on Dallas this year?
I,
I think this team is right there.
And I know I said, I think Colorado is going to win the division. Maybe I think this team is right there.
And I know I said I think Colorado is going to win the division.
Maybe I got a little ahead of myself.
One of these two is obviously going to win.
That's not saying anything too special.
But I can't believe that they were able to bring in Duchesne.
And then Ottinger, what you said is exactly right.
He played too many games.
He played too many games. That was not the Jake Ottinger in the playoffs that we all know.
The guy has been so good.
This core of Robertson, Heskinen, and Ottinger is just something else.
I guess why I lean towards Colorado just by a little bit is the fact that it's McCarr and Taves.
Heskinen's playing with Ryan Suter.
Ryan Suter's playing too much.
At least last year he did.
So I think that's why this year you may see, and this is after the playoffs got going, that this Thomas Harley could
have a big time impact for this team and start playing more minutes. Suter's almost, what is it?
I think Suter's 39? 39 in January. Yeah, he's not the same player anymore. He can't move his feet
like he used to. You saw he's getting caught on the wrong side of the puck, things like that.
They still have him listed on the top unit when you look at the line matchup.
So I think that Harley's going to make a big step.
I think Duchesne's going to be sick.
Robertson coming off the 108 points.
I could see him getting 50.
I don't know the last time a wild player, I mean, a stars player got 50, probably Madonna.
94.
Yep.
First year, Dallas Madonna.
All right.
Now, Pavelski, I don't know how he continues to do this.
Yeah.
He's mastered the way of playing and producing without being a great skater,
which is why you think it could continue.
At some point, father time grabs a hold of you and you got no chance.
But with his hand eye in front of the net on the power play and his knack for just being in the empty space,
I don't really see him slowing down.
If Pavelski goes out and gets 28 goals and 72 points,
nobody will be surprised.
I don't know how he continues to do it, but he does.
So I think this team is going to be something special.
Ruppe hints the way he moves.
There's times he looks like fucking McDavid skating down the ice
with his jersey flapping in the wind. I think Deorah has proven to be one of the top coaches in the
league for a long time everything about this team screams a true cup contender so i guess the d is
a little bit of a question mark yeah certainly compared to colorado colorado's got a better
defense but i think dallas has the better goalie So it's going to be a battle back and forth.
I wouldn't be surprised to see it a one-point difference,
just like last year for who takes down the division.
What a breakdown, Woody.
Give him a round of applause here, folks.
I like this team a lot.
Didn't leave us anything.
No, no, no.
I'm sorry.
I mean, this team.
Yeah, I won't be long after reiterating pretty much everything you said.
Their ability to draft has saved them from those contracts, right? I just, I, this team. Yeah. I won't be long after, after reiterating pretty much everything you said, like their,
their ability to draft has saved them from those contracts, right?
Like Wyatt Johnston,
like he was a fucking beast last year.
And keep in mind,
this is a guy who was drafted after the COVID year.
I think he might've played 10 games.
So they took a flyer on this kid.
Why are you making that face?
All right.
Oh,
no.
Oh,
okay.
I was trying to squint to read.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Forward group, top to bottom. one of the best in the league agree with you with a little bit thin on the back end
they're gonna need this harley kid to step up and and the fact that overall from their top six
hey skin is gonna have to carry a lot of that weight and then if ottinger's ottinger they're
easily making playoffs if not they have a chance to win that division if
they get firing on all cylinders agreed on that Craig Smith pickup too I feel like what things
just really weren't working for him in Boston yeah and then he ended up finally getting moved
but I feel like he's going to find a nice home here and he's going to be an awesome contributor
on a fourth line so they have they have big bodies up front they're physical they're built
for the playoffs as well.
Could be the year that they finally get over the hump and make a run.
And they have these two names I'll throw out.
I think Dallas Stars fans are well aware of them.
But this Logan Stankhoven and this Maverick Bork.
Bork played in the AHL last year at a good season.
Stankhoven lit up the World Juniors, lit up the WHL.
Maybe one of them
makes the team out of camp. Maybe with injuries, they're both on the team at some point. But they
got young guns continuing to come. Jamie Benn having the same type season would be enormous.
I don't know if it can happen. Sagan, can we all agree? And it's injuries and you feel bad
in a sense. He's not the same anymore.
I think you're looking at, unfortunately, four years.
Like this year and three more, he's making that much dough.
He's probably a third-line player now.
I don't see him having the explosiveness.
I don't see him being the game-breaker.
But because, as Biz said, they've drafted so well, they can survive it.
But imagine when they get his deal and Ben's deal off the books.
Then you're looking at, like, holy shit,, this team fill up the holes on the back end.
Yeah.
So a very bright future for the Stars and the Stars fans should be fired up for this season.
Merles, Big D, what do you got?
Yeah, same as Whit.
It was tough to pick the abs over them, but I didn't have an avalanche or a Stars jersey.
So I had to go with the avalanche.
But I want to bring the note um last spring when we were covering the playoffs on game notes daily
everybody was talking about the ottinger numbers after a loss he was something like 19 three and
one or something so let's all remember that stat this this season and remind me please that if they
lose hammer them the next game. Hammer them.
Yeah, 61 starts last year.
I know he's still young, but you might want to scale that back a little,
considering how the playoffs went from.
And as far as Ben's numbers, I mean, I do not see him going down with those numbers at all.
He'll probably stay steady.
Sorry, I can never resist the Jamie Ben going down joke.
It's just too easy to set.
But I think everybody has him going to the playoffs.
Come on, guy.
Right? Correctamundo? Everyone in the playoffs. Come on, guy. Right?
Correct, Armando?
Everyone in the playoffs?
I know Jesus does.
All right.
Moving right along.
The Minnesota Wild, 103 points last year.
Third in the Central, 11th out of 32 teams.
They lost in the first round to Dallas, four games to two.
30-1 to win the Cup this year. I think last year was sort of their basically best shot to kind of win the Cup
and, you know, validate with the plan that Bill Guerin's had
as far as buying those guys out, Parise and Suda.
They only brought in Pat Maroon via trade.
He's got one year left at 1 million.
Caps base, 43,000, but they got all that dead cap.
Again, with Parise and Suda, 14.7 mil.
They're in cap jail right now.
Biz, did they kind of, I would say, blow it last year,
but I think they expected to have much more of a run and now they're kind of like back well i mean that's been
their mo forever just getting to the first round and fizzling out let's not forget eric's and eck
went down with injury and he had a monster regular season especially with a few of the injuries they
had up front but i mean i like their forward group here and i think that their defense core is
extremely underrated and I think overall
with Gustafson taking the net probably primarily this year I could see him playing about 70 to 75
percent of the games and you got a great backup in Fleury a guy who's going to be supportive
I really like this team top to bottom I think that this the the the the x factor if I'm going
to go back to playoff times like the big question mark with this team,
is Marco Rossi going to finally show up
and solidify himself as an NHL player?
And that's going to help that third line
and hopefully bolster the offense of Marcus Foligno,
who two years ago, he had 21 goals.
And last year, he had seven.
It was an off-year offensively for him.
So they're one of those teams that,
like you saw when they lost Kaprizov.
Sometimes the offense can go away,
although I want to say it actually improved last year when they lost him.
But they're a team that has a hard time scoring goals.
So if they could start getting that production from the bottom six
and getting those guys going along with that top six that they have,
like once again, going back to two years ago,
Hartman had, what, 38 goals, close to 40.
So if they can get that offense humming
along with this very underrated decor
and that great goaltending that they've had
over the past couple years,
I think that they're going to make playoffs,
and they're the third and last team
that I have making it in this central division.
So that's what I got for them.
Overall, like I said, a very good job by Billy G to get,
uh,
a Zuccarello re-signed at that number because we know the chemistry that he
has with Kaprizov.
And still the fact that they have those two buyouts that are kicking them in
the dick,
uh,
they have done a good job to continue to be relevant.
To have 14 and a half million dollars that you can't spend yeah for this year and next
i feel like fans have to be a little understand what's the word um understanding understanding
for like billy garren made this tough decision but it's only going to help them in the long run
it just sucks for these two years and the team they have is still pretty impressive for what
they're dealing with and i mean, I like the signings.
The Foligno signing was a little surprising.
You thought it was a high number?
I didn't think it was a high number.
I thought the term was long.
Because it's this year he's already signed
and then he's got four more.
But the way that Billy Guerin explained it
was like, you know, his nickname's Moose.
He said, I just can't imagine him not a part of this team.
Whether it's a big goal, he's become a top penalty killer in the league.
Whether it's a fight, he can change games.
And guys love him that much.
Hartman needs to have a bounce back here.
But he was injured last year, too.
So that's something that was a huge loss.
They got to get him re-signed as well.
I think this is the last year of his deal.
But Gustafsson, guys, after Thanksgiving, second in the league in goals
against, second in the league in save percentage. I mean, he truly turned into an unbelievable
netminder and kind of took that number one spot from Fleury. Fleury's, what, 40 years old,
almost 40 years old. So you'll see where that plays out. But they got a great tandem there
with Gustafson, in my mind, probably being the number one now.
with Gustafson in my mind probably being the number one now.
We saw what Brock Faber did, right?
He came in.
He was phenomenal in the playoffs.
Remember that game-saving play he made against Dallas in that first round?
So if he's able to partner up,
I saw him and Brodine are playing together right now.
It's a good team. I think as a Wilds fan, you're looking towards these next two years
if you can make the playoffs.
That's obviously the goal, and you'd be upset if they don't. But you're trying to really win
a Stanley Cup when this cap jail ends after next season. So it sucks it's two years,
but it's what they had to do. It's still an exciting team. And Caprizo is one of the top
players in the league, so you get to watch him every night, the way he's dancing around. I think
that Zuccarello said he celebrated his new contract.
He just had taco night with Carrillo.
So that's kind of, those two seem to be boys.
I'm a big fan of the team.
Obviously, we've been open about how
big of fans of Billy Guerin we are. So
I'm rooting for them to do well. I think they're third
after Colorado and Dallas.
But I think they get in as well.
And one guy we didn't mention was Boldy.
And he had a breakout year last year.
So if he continues to roll offensively,
like they're going to,
they're going to be a solid team.
Merle's what he got for us,
buddy.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
Boldy had 30 goals when Kaprizov was hurt there.
That's who did all the scoring,
but he disappeared in the playoffs.
He had no goals in the playoffs.
But if you're,
if you're a new hockey fan,
listen to the podcast,
you're looking for like a vibes team, this is the team.
Billy Guerin's the best.
He's just the ultimate team guy.
Good camaraderie.
Is that a real word?
And they're just awesome.
They go no tarps on their interviews.
They lose Reeves, but they bring in another character with Maroon.
So they're just a fun team to be around.
And don't sleep on Erickson Echt.
He's a tremendous two-way centerman for them.
So it just sucks that they're in that division
because they're either playing Colorado or Dallas
if they do get in the playoffs.
And Marcus, is it Marcus Johanson?
He was the big move that last year.
That's what got Boldy going.
They had that crazy connection.
So Minnesota's in. Should be a fun year. And I love watching Capri. move that net last year that's what got boldly going they had that crazy connection so minnesota's
in should be a fun year and i i love watching capri so that kid is he is disgusting yeah definitely
makes that team worth watching my biz i want to bring up the goalie rotation i mean last year like
gustafson was playing his ass off creed took him out and you know put in back andre flurry this i
think he has to commit to like a number one Well, it's fucked him up the last couple of years, right? Because they brought in Talbot when...
Sorry, they brought in Fleury when Talbot was having that monster year.
And then they juggled that situation two years ago in playoffs.
Same with last year where Gustafsson lost the game,
but he played out of his mind.
And I don't know from an energy perspective,
or it was because that's how they were juggling the net minors all season long.
They went back to that method. but come playoff time this year you would have hoped that they
would have creed would have learned his lesson where whoever's playing the hottest going in
stick with them and i would imagine like wit said gusafson's gonna take over as that number one
and you have a great support system in flower and, you guys think this will be the last dance for Flower?
I do.
I think this will be his last year.
He's accomplished so much.
You know, he looks young as hell, but his kids are aging a little bit.
What else does he have left to do?
Who knows how it goes down this year?
Maybe if he doesn't end up playing that much, he wants to try to do it again.
But I would think this is it.
This is the last kick at the can. i do not have them in the playoffs i think that's
who nashville is going to replace nashville is only 11 points behind them last year and
minnesota's offense the output has dropped uh the last four years keeps going down and down and
they're going to need a lot from within uh i just think nashville's going to overtake them like i
said nashville's got the new coach i think they got a little shot in the arm and yeah i think
that uh they're gonna nose out nose out Minnesota for that last spot.
So we'll see what happens, obviously.
Next up.
One thing to look for.
Fleury is going to move into second all-time on goalie wins if he gets seven this year.
So I remember last time he had a big thing like that.
He did it in Montreal.
So keep an eye out for when that is coming due
if he does it in montreal or i don't know if they play in pittsburgh this year but flurry
you know him he's got the sense for the dramatic and we'll be hammering that game when it happens
all right the winnipeg jets 95 points last year fourth in the central 14th out of 32 teams they
lost in the first round to vegas four games to one. Odds to win the Cup this year, 50 to one.
A lot of changes for Winnipeg this year.
Obviously, they did a sign-and-trade with Pierre-Luc Dubois.
They got back Alex Ayafalo, Gabe Velati, Rasmus Kupari.
Also brought back Laurent Poisson as their backup goalie.
They also lost Blake Wheeler, Sam Gandhi, and David Riddick.
Got about 2.5 million in cap space right now.
This is another team we keep talking about, the Flyer Zone, not good enough to be a contender,
not bad enough to bottom out, but this is a team.
They don't have a lot of draft picks, like extra draft picks,
looking down the line a little bit.
Whit, go to you first on Winnipeg.
What do you see them doing this year?
What do you see them doing in the future even?
I mean, they got hella buckets.
But this team just is so like blah.
I love their goalie. He's a hell of a goalie. If I'm Winnipeg,
I'm looking to trade him and Shifley as soon as possible, get some serious returns for them,
try to get a little younger. And I understand, right? Like they got Cole Perfetti. That's an
exciting young player. They got Ehlers, who's a water bug out there. The guy could score.
But you lose Pierre
-Luc Dubois. You lose all the points from the guys you lost. And then Josh Morrissey, who's a
sick defenseman. It was kind of a crazy year. I don't see him getting that many points again.
He could have just as good of a season if he gets 50 points. He's that good of a player. But
you got to think he's dropping down from that number last year.
What was it, 75 or something in the 70s in terms of his offensive production?
I think that'll change, just kind of regression to the mean.
I don't know.
It's a weird time.
We've talked a lot about certain cities where you can't really get free agents.
Winnipeg's one of them.
I like it.
Biz talks about very beautiful women.
Very beautiful women.
Very underrated.
Very underrated. Very underrated.
Very underrated.
Bad weather.
Great fans.
Don't want the fans to hate me.
But your team right now is in a weird spot because it's pretty evident that Shifley doesn't want to be there.
Hellebuck doesn't want to be there.
The coach was absolutely carving the leadership in the locker room when they lost
in the playoffs last year now granted Wheeler's gone Dubois gone there's been a lot of changes
that have probably kind of addressed what made him so upset in Rick Bonas but I don't see them
in the playoffs you're gonna have to hope some young bucks step up and and I just I got no desire
to kind of flip on their game when they're playing like i
just put it that way i was probably originally a little too hard on them because i don't mind
the return that they got in the dubois trade it with velarde and iofalo so they have some crafty
players in that lineup but i think that you know they could surprise a lot of people i just think
that they're too thin on the back end like you you said, I feel like it's just a ticking
ticking time bomb in a sense of when
Hellebuck and Shifley are going
to end up moving on. I think it's a
no-brainer for them to do that
because you do have some pieces to build
around like Kyle Connor, like you mentioned
Ehlers, like they got some good young
players like Cole Perfetti, like can
he take that next step? But I think
that he would easily be exposed as a first line center right now if they ended up moving on from Shifley too soon so
I don't have them making playoffs I just think that they're one of those teams in limbo and the
sooner they can realize that it's time to rebuild and and move on from those two guys the better for
the overall organization moving forward so and I want to make it clear, Biz. I don't, I'm not saying lottery team or anything.
I'm just saying so middle of the pack.
They'll have some runs where they're good because you're right.
I didn't mention Kyle Connor, elite goal scorer.
It's just, I don't see, I see them, you know,
competing and being kind of maybe 10th in the West.
It's just not much in terms of wanting to get excited as a Jets fan.
Merles, what do you have for the Jets for us, buddy?
I agree.
I have them 10th in the West, 22nd overall.
My game notes partner, Army.
I've been tracking all the guys' rankings of people listening.
And Army thinks Winnipeg is going to win the division, which is just bizarre.
What?
Yeah, he has them ranked one.
Is he smoking the wacky tabacky that ra is
handing out or what's going on he thinks they're gonna win the division i've seen a i've seen a
few tweets from from like winnipeg jets uh jock sniffers that are saying look out this team's
gonna surprise you hey maybe so but winning the division no i definitely think you're hitting up
ra's bag of treats if you're thinking that yeah i gotta miss in the playoffs and you can get that at your local sports book at minus 115 re
murray's what if this still in the hunt late like you know february march i mean do you think they're
still going to trade hellebuck shifley what if you know they're in the playoff spot or close to it
my whole thinking is hellebuck's gone before that i think they make a deal around the holidays get
get better return maybe for them and uh you can't
have guys that don't want to be there we've we've heard that before in these other cities and it
seems like a lot of guys don't want to be in winnipeg get rid of them and and get the like
we talked about minnesota it's got to be vibes got to get vibe guys is there a team more desperate
for a first line center than the boston bruins right now like how long before that that team's
knocking on their door asking?
I mean, you look at me like I'm crazy already.
No.
Oh, okay.
They got to get a guy in there to play with Posta and Marshawn.
Mark Shifley would look fantastic in the black and gold biz.
I was going to say the same thing.
I think they're out of it by November.
I think they go sell, sell, sell sell sell i i don't think
it's crazy to say that mark strifeley is a boston out of it by november dude i just uh you're gonna
be out of it by november by thanksgiving they could definitely be out of it the only issue with
the bees right now is they they leveraged a lot last year for that run and i would imagine they
don't have a ton of prospects in the pipeline nor do they have a lot of high-end picks to be able to give up for Shrifley,
which, man, if you're going for a sign-in trade from another team,
it's going to be hard to match what another team would be prepared to offer for that.
And the fact that he's coming in this year at, what is he, making under 6 million?
Or he's at 6 million?
6.1.
6.125.
Dude, for a guy who's a point of game player every 10 games that go by the return is less so i i know it sounds crazy
but like you gotta deal him if he if you go to him and he's saying i'm not resigning here
deal him try you gotta get something back here and it's going to get less and less as the season gets longer.
What do you think he gets in the open market?
It depends on the season, obviously.
But how old is he?
He is, Shafley got it right here.
Shafley's 30?
30, yeah, 30.
Is he getting that old already?
Wow.
That's going to be God.
We're acting like these fucking guys are in wheelchairs.
Hey, buddy.
So wait, 30 years old?
30 years old?
You're on the fucking last seven holes, bro.
30 years.
But the way that these guys take care of themselves now,
I mean, look at Pavelski.
I mean, some guys are a little different.
You know Scheifele ain't boozing every night.
You know he's a hockey player.
I ain't giving a 30-year-old an eight-year deal.
Okay.
I'm not doing it.
Now, there will be teams that do it,
and I imagine he is the type of player,
especially with a big season,
that could get a max contract,
maybe 64 million for eight years.
I don't know.
It's hard to imagine paying somebody somebody that's gonna turn 31 this year
and 32 the first year of his new deal that much dough and that many years yeah not an unreasonable
take but i don't think anybody here hasn't won the playoffs correct the bundle no no i don't
just army just it's a fucking division what's the odds on that? All right. Last team here, the St.
Louis Blues. Oh, man, this has gone sideways
for them. 81 points last year,
sixth in the Central, 23rd out
of 32 teams. Last time in the
playoffs was 2022. They lost in the second
round to eventual champion Colorado
four games to two. Merle's 80
to one to win the cup this year. Holy smokes.
They brought in our pal Kevin Hayes
and Oscar Sundquist.
So long to Tyler Pitlick, Josh Lievel, Logan Brown, Thomas Grice.
Very little cap space.
But this team, it just seemed to all fall apart so quick.
They won the cup back in 2019.
Last year, GM Doug Armstrong stood by Craig Berube, said,
no, we're going to tough it out.
And it didn't happen.
So they started selling off. But what's the future for this team, St. Louis?
Are they going to bottom out?
Are they going to kind of like, I don't know, tread water?
What's the deal here?
Well, I always go back to them not resigning Alex Petrangelo
and them trying to maybe spread out that defense squad
when they ended up picking up Falk and Krug, right?
That's where they snapped the money around the back end.
And I just don't think it's worked out.
Krug's had a hard time staying healthy.
I believe he injured himself in the offseason again.
I think that with the playoff run Peranko had,
they felt that they could move on from Petrangelo.
And I don't think he's ever really stepped up
to be that number one defenseman.
I think that on a team where he can hide a little bit,
he could be a three on most teams.
But I just don't think that on a team where he can hide a little bit, he could be a three on most teams. But I just don't think that the production and the quality of play
they're getting from their back end matches the names that are there.
You look down the list.
I mean, you got Letty, you got Falk, you got Bertuzzo.
Some of these guys were there when they won the Cup,
and I just don't think that they're good enough
to help this team make playoffs.
Bennington's regular seasons have been awful.
You go back to the hardest series that Colorado played
when they ended up going on that cup run was against St. Louis.
And when I feel like the chips are on the table and it's a big money game,
Bennington's able to get up, but he hasn't been able to find
his regular season game ever since signing that six times six.
So it's going to heavily depend on how his play is this upcoming year
if he can get his mind in the right place.
As far as their forwards are concerned,
what are you going to get from Kairou and Robert Thomas?
We keep talking about sometimes these younger guys
getting hand these contracts.
The skill level is there the commitment
to playing on the defensive side of the puck is not where Berube wants it he called him out in
the media so much last year in that regard where I don't know what the connection is between Berube
and their two-star players where we know that these guys are locked in and they ain't going
anywhere so how is that relationship going to proceed um they do have the leadership in place
up front though with a guy like braden shen and some of these older guys like kevin hayes that
they brought in but they're really going to have to gel as a group as a four group because they
have a lot of these older guys there that seem to be on their back nine where it's going to be to
be hard to compete in the western conference like i don't know what you're getting from brand saw
the guy's already won his two cups.
I mean, yeah, he gets you 20 goals every year,
but as far as a compete level,
what are you getting from a second-line player in him?
So overall, I don't have them making playoffs.
I do think that they have enough weapons,
and if a lot of these older guys can rejuvenate
and have career years, they could be a team.
That would be my one sleeper team in that division
who could maybe sneak in,
aside from the other teams that I said are in limbo.
They are definitely a team in limbo,
and I don't know what direction they're heading.
This could be a team halfway through the season
who has a new coach, as Merle said,
because these young guys aren't responding well to them,
but very well could be a team that surprises you
because of some of the names
and the championship pedigree they do have in the lineup.
I think that they could...
Yeah, it depends on goaltending.
It depends on those two forwards.
If they get some serious play out of Binnington
and then Thomas and Kairou light it up,
like Braden Shen, I love him as a captain.
Hazy's going in there,
so he's pencil in there say he's
penciled in his third line center I don't know I don't think it's necessarily dead yet I would I
would like to get the news on Krug's injury I know he hurt his foot I don't know how long he's
supposed to be out for it is definitely the biggest question mark team for me I guess I'll
add I'll add Winnipeg a little bit in terms like, I don't know what to expect. I think they could be right there.
They could be kind of brutal.
But Bennington is the one thing.
Is he going to stop trying to fight other goalies constantly?
Is he going to kind of leave the shenanigans to the side
and just focus solely on winning games and playing goaltender
and just focusing on his game?
Or is he going to always kind of be that
sideshow is not the right word, but kind of a sideshow,
like always entertainment.
That's kind of how he looks at it.
But I don't think they're necessarily done yet.
I think they love playing for Berube.
I mean, Buchnevitz, that's another question mark. Buchnevitz.
What if he lights it up?
You've seen that guy have some serious runs of 10 game spans
where he's playing high-level hockey,
and then it's just smell you later for five games.
And then he picks it up again, and then it's smell you later.
So very inconsistent.
But I like their D.
I do, depending on Krug's health.
But it's a question mark team for me.
I don't have them getting in the playoffs.
But if they start off hot and they get some mojo,
I could certainly change my tune, which I've been known to do.
Torrey Krug is expected to play in Monday night's preseason game.
He is back from his fracture foot injury.
Oh, shit.
He's back already?
Holy fuck.
He's back, yeah.
Good for him.
He's getting the injections.
Okay.
Here we go.
What about Verona, too?
Jacob Verona last year had 14 points, 20 games for them.
He's got the first-round pick 10 years ago.
What if he finds something there?
Contract here, too.
A bunch of question marks.
What do you got for us, Burroughs?
Yes, a lot of my stuff was Bennington.
And, like, Berube got sick of the antics last year.
I remember him calling him out.
Yeah, he did.
Yeah, they called up that goalie last year, Hofer,
Joel Hofer, at the end of the year.
He looked pretty good.
Maybe he ends up getting some more games if Bennington keeps this act up.
I just, out of respect for Hazy, I put him above the Yotes.
But after hearing Biz talk about the Yotes,
I wish I moved them below.
I don't see good things happening in the St.
Louis this,
this spring or at all.
I don't see him in the playoffs at all in the spring.
And for those defensemen,
Falk,
Krug,
Pareko and Letty,
they all have at least three years left on those deals.
And they're,
you know,
they're all 30 or older.
So keep an eye on that.
As far as trades,
let me go back to you.
What do you think if they're out of it late?
This is Craig Bruby's job in danger at all this year.
If they shit the bed.
I mean,
I know they stood by him last year,
but if it happens again,
okay.
And I don't necessarily think that it would be on him,
but if you struggle like this,
like they did last year and then it continues after making different moves
like they did.
And they're still,
they're still not even near the playoffs and not having a good season you got to think the coach could be
gone that's how it works i think i said it last year he won't ever get fired because you can't
have a meeting with that guy imagine having a meeting with him tell him he's gassed kill you
yeah it feels a little bit like a franchise franchise at a crossroads bennington had his
career worst numbers last year 331 goals against 8-9-4-6
percentage, but he turns it on. Looks like
he did back in 2019, then yeah, they could be in the
hunt.
Before we continue, guys, the NHL season
returns October 10th with an
opening night tripleheader on
ESPN and ESPN+.
The fun starts when the Nashville Predators
head to Tampa to face the Lightning
at 5.30 p.m. Eastern.
Then Conor Bedard makes his NHL debut with the Chicago Blackhawks as they meet Sidney Crosby and the Pittsburgh Penguins at 8 p.m.
And then the Vegas Golden Knights will raise their first ever Stanley Cup banner to close out the night against the Seattle Kraken.
All right, that's it for our preview.
Got a few other hockey notes here.
Dude, how about Vegas fans, man?
Hopefully this is the new future, Biz.
I know I've bellyached about, not bellyached,
I've rightfully complained about all the blackouts in the league
and fans not being able to watch their teams.
Well, Vegas already had it so their teams could watch,
I'm sorry, their fans could watch the team over the year.
Well, now they have a new service.
It's called Nighttime Plus.
And for 69.99, fans can watch 69 regular season games.
Nice.
In the first round of the playoffs.
You can also watch single games for 6.99.
It's a new service.
And basically, it's for fans in the territory.
You know, every team has their TV territory.
Obviously, we're not in that territory.
We could watch those games ESPN Plus or TNT or whatever they are.
But basically, this means fans can watch every game if they live in that area.
Hopefully, this is the new thing going forward.
I mean, would you like to see every team get rid of these regional service things or whatever they're called?
Would you be willing to pay 70 to watch all your team's games?
And quickly, they've been having issues with the Bally's thing.
So it's been a big shit show to begin with.
thing so it's it's been a big shit show to begin with i like the approach that the phoenix suns took in the nba where they they telecast all their games for free and they've invested in in growing
in that way where you're going to get to watch the telecast locally and in those areas you're
talking about and they're not blacked out where why wouldn't you just do it that way because
overall you're going to see the growth and then even people who might not have tuned into hockey to begin with if your team's relevant enough all of a sudden they're watching
games and then they become more hooked to it especially in non-traditional markets now vegas
got the huge push because they were relevant in their first season and then last year they end up
going on to win the cup so for them of course they're going to have people who are even willing
to pay for it but i think more teams should take the reins and take the approach to investing in their broadcast
and making it easily available for all the fans in their area.
Yeah, I don't see.
I mean, the Phoenix Suns are doing it for free?
They do it for free.
I mean, keep in mind it's NBA,
and the owner that they have is loaded out the wazoo.
So to start, I think it's nba and the owner that they have is is loaded out the wazoo so at to start i don't
i think it's even a situation where with the ads that they're able to sell even though they're
broadcasting for free they're close to breaking even but even if you're taking a loss in a few
few couple years the amount of exposure and the brand awareness you're getting is paying for
itself and with these franchise values the way they're going if you're getting is paying for itself. And with these franchise values, the way they're going,
if you're losing 5 million on a broadcast in year one,
is that really that big of a fucking deal?
Like how much are those?
It depends on the owner.
Well, I mean, fucking, they're spending up.
Like for instance, the Coyotes, they went out and signed Zucker
and they signed some guys where they actually spent some money
to be more above the bottom of the cap where it's like if i'm them i would rather be worse and then make sure you're
broadcasting your games and draft it i mean that would be my approach and i'm just using the coyotes
as an example but with all this bally's nonsense happening get ahead of it and and if you're smart
enough you can even find a way to stream these games and create an app to where that's where the fans can watch it
as well. So RA
say the Bruins who are on
Nesson like would they be
would Nesson allow them to do this
because then they would say well people
are just going to drop Nesson and pay this.
I also don't think in this situation the
Bruins would have to do it because they already
have a well-oiled machine.
Yeah they have Nesson and you can already pay for Nessun.
I don't know what the price is per year.
That's already an option.
And just to reiterate, this is for streaming, going back to the Knights here.
It's like for fans, you know, you can watch cable, satellite,
or a lot of people still use an antenna, believe it or not.
This is for people who just want to stream everything.
And you can watch, you know, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire,
for people in that territory.
So basically, for people who don't pay for cable, satellite, or use an antenna,
this is the option for them.
All right.
Yeah.
Do you know for my flight home tomorrow, I can download a movie
and then play it on the flight home?
No.
But what happens if it leaves that service at the end of the month?
Can you keep it forever?
No, no, no.
Then it goes off.
Is that only in first class, though, Whit?
I didn't know I could do that in my coach's place.
You fucking guys.
What would you call it when you have no class?
I don't know about all that streaming.
When I go home, I stay at my brother's.
He's got the ESPN Plus, and we've had no problems with it.
I love watching him, the games, that way.
Can't get that over here.
You've got to buy a Swedish package over here.
But last year, ESPN. What do they get get one game a month uh one game a night or something like that for the swedish package you
get a game a night on the on like the free tv but i pay an extra package so i can watch them in the
morning so i don't have to be up till five in the morning every night but last year they had espn
plus had some shl games on and that leads me into a Pink Whitney.
I'm going to go with a play of the month pick from the SHL.
It will be Saturday morning, 9.15 a.m., so we'll all be together.
We'll be shaking off the Big Deal Brew hangover, going to Biz's game, 9.15 a.m.,
Timra three-way, minus 122.
They're the hottest team in the league right now.
I just saw the boys at lunch. They might
have confirmed they're going to win Saturday.
Timra Saturday. Insider
trading.
What I love, Merle, is about ESPN+.
You could get either feed.
If you say you got action in a game, you want to hear
the announcers who are rooting for the same side as you.
Down here in the States, we don't always get
those Canadian feeds. I love it.
Something like BX, our pal doing hockey in Canada,
you could get that feed, check him out, plus the college hockey
you can also watch.
And, of course, ESPN is going to have Badaad open tonight.
So good stuff.
I know people complained last year, but I don't know.
I love it.
I love the fact you can get all the feeds.
And I'm just psyched for the new season to start.
So moving right along, a couple guys have hung up the skates.
Local guy, goalie Corey Schneider, 410 games over 13 seasons I don't know. I'm just psyched for the new season to start. So moving right along, a couple guys have hung up the skates.
Local guy, goalie Corey Schneider, 410 games over 13 seasons with Vancouver,
New Jersey, and one game for the Isles all done.
He was taken 26th overall back in 2004.
He went pro after three record-setting seasons at BC,
finished with 171 wins, 243 goals against, 918 save percentage, 26 shutouts.
You know Corey a little bit, don't you?
You met him being a local guy?
Yeah, great guy.
And, man, when he was a younger goalie at BC,
and obviously the timing of his career, which he mentioned, was tough,
being behind a couple of legends, but he was so good
and beloved by his teammates.
I mean, I wasn't at BC with him, obviously,
but guys, you know, they said such great things about him. He was so dominant and beloved by his teammates. I mean, I wasn't at BC with him, obviously, but guys, you know, they said such great things about him.
He was so dominant at that level and then seriously had a great run in the NHL.
It's funny.
Like, I think his quote was, you can't choose your path and how it works out.
You know, behind Marty, behind Roberto, it's just something that just worked out.
Definitely not in his favor.
But you still saw times that he was a true number one amazing goalie
and after you know where he was picked it made sense but an awesome guy worked his bag off great
run congrats to him you know i'll tell you back in 04 uh oh so for 2011 i was kind of glad vancouver
didn't go to him because i mean luongo struggled here in boston and i was like i don't want to see
that kid out there man he was playing good i mean he only had nine playoff starts. He was two and six, but a two, three, five goals against nine, three,
one playoffs, eight percentage is pretty good stuff.
So congrats on the retirement. Also longtime Montreal forward, Paul Byron,
no relation to Tom Byron.
He missed last season with a hip injury officially retired after 12 NHL
seasons,
played 559 regular season and playoff games with the Habs, Flames, and Sabres.
And he's going to stay with Montreal as a player development consultant.
Any of you guys play with him?
Know him at all?
Biz Merles?
No, great career, though.
Waterbug out there.
He scored some big goals.
I think he had a couple of big ones in playoffs when they were in the bubble and ended up
beating the Leafs.
Yeah, yeah.
Back that nice little run to the cup they made.
And this one just came out a little while ago, a couple hours ago.
Brandon Sutter retired after 13 NHL seasons,
played 820 regular season playoff games with Carolina, Pittsburgh, and Vancouver.
He missed last year.
I know he had some COVID-related things, but he was on a PTO this year.
Sorry, but all done, hung him up.
So congrats to Brandon, Paul, and Corey.
Great careers and enjoy retirement.
So we're going to move along here.
Okay, gang, it's been a rough stretch for the NHL and hockey community since we last met.
Former NHLer Nick Cordelis died at just 29 years old in a motorcycle accident in Nashville.
He was the first Orange County resident to be drafted by and to play for the Ducks.
And just terribly sad news.
And we want to extend our deepest sympathies to Nick's family,
friends in the extended Ducks family as well.
And on Saturday, Calgary assistant general manager Chris Snow
passed away at just 42 years old from ALS-related complications.
Snowy had been diagnosed with ALS four years ago.
He and his wife Kelsey and the family bravely made their battle public
so they could
raise awareness and funds for research. Kelsey had posted a medical update on Wednesday that
Chris had gone into cardiac arrest, resulting in a brain injury from the lack of oxygen.
Then on Thursday, said, you know, he's not going to wake up and he would remain on life support
while organ donation was arranged. She wrote, in life, Chris offered his body to a clinical trial to help others
in death. He will do the same. We're so proud of him. A GoFundMe page has been set up. We've
shared it on our social media to help out Kelsey and the two children. Brad Tree Living, his former
boss, flew to Calgary to be with the family when word broke. Just terribly sad stuff. Whit, we're
going to go to you first on this, just a tough story for everybody.
Yeah, it's really heartbreaking,
and what a special man to go through this fight publicly
and do it because he knew how much awareness he could raise.
It's similar to Pete Freitas and what he did,
and anyone out there,
it doesn't matter if you have kids or not,
you see pictures of him with his wife and his two young kids
and how hard he fought and how positive he remained the entire time.
When he loses his speech and he loses his ability to communicate
and he just always stayed as a true fighter,
true courage to the max, right?
And him and his wife, they met when they were both sportswriters
at the Boston Globe,
and then he was hired by the Minnesota Wild.
Pretty cool story, right?
You look at how he became who he was,
and it definitely wasn't common to reach where he reached in the NHL,
and he ends up becoming an assistant GM,
and he gets diagnosed with the worst fucking goddamn disease in the world
at an age that somebody should never be diagnosed with that.
And you just feel so horrible for his kids. And then you feel so horrible for his wife.
And then you're so impressed by what he did, how hard he fought, what his wife did, how hard she
fought with him. And you just pray for the family. There's nothing else you could do.
You look at the hockey world and how sympathetic and how outspokenly people were about their love for him
and what he meant to them.
And imagine all these people who don't have the platform
who are battling ALS and getting to see somebody get out there in the open
and show people how horrible it is and raise money and awareness.
And God just pray someday there'll be a cure.
Nobody in the world deserves to to
go out like that and the guy did it with class and honor and um i'll never forget him i mean i got to
chat to him chat with the chat with him just briefly and i'm like this guy like i i complain
about daily bullshit this guy's out there doing this it makes you feel so grateful for what you
have in life and it makes you feel
bad for for for not thinking about how bad you truly could have it so i i i pray to god his wife
and kids find peace and and at some point they're able to move on but they never will right his
memory will stay alive with them forever as it should so cal Calgary Flames lose a great man. The hockey world loses a great man.
And two kids lose an amazing father.
And Kelsey loses an amazing husband.
So it's just so sad.
And as you're going into this episode where we had a lot of fun,
also at the same time, Tim Wakefield passed away.
If people didn't know, longtime Boston Red Sox pitcher,
pitched for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
And what another warrior.
I mean, if you remember the actor who passed away, the Chadwick Boseman, nobody knew he was sick at all, right? And all of a sudden he passed away and he decided to keep his battle private, which you
can, you respect to the umpteenth degree. You don't want people talking to you about it all the time. And I cannot
believe how much of a piece of shit scumbag this Curt Schilling is. I'll tell you, like, this guy
is something else. This guy, go fuck yourself. Because I had the chance to know Tim Wakefield
a little bit, and he was doing the same thing. Nobody had an idea. This guy's battling a brain
tumor, and he's got a death sentence.
Right.
And he decided, I don't want to deal with all that.
I don't want to deal with people talking to me and trying to say goodbye.
He was going to go out on his own terms.
And this motherfucker decides to go out and tell everyone.
He started off saying, I don't think he'd want me to say this.
If you start off a fucking sentence by saying, I don't think so-and-so would want me to say this.
And then you say it, you're a dirtbag.
But enough of him.
But it was revealed that he was going through this, and boom, all of a sudden, like days later,
Tim Wakefield passed away.
I played golf with him in the first round of a local golf tournament at Plymouth Country Club.
It was one of the best days I've ever had on the golf course.
Tim Wakefield is my dad's favorite Boston Red Sox ever.
My dad's a huge Red Sox fan, and he loved them.
He loved how much of a team-first guy he was.
He was left off the playoff roster one year.
I remember my dad just being so bullshit.
And then he ended up giving up one of the most painful home runs of all time to Aaron Boone.
And what do they do?
They come back, and he's a part of the World Series championship.
He goes on to be an announcer with the team.
An amazing career.
The guy's throwing a knuckleball nobody could hit.
They had a catcher that could catch his knuckleball, Doug Mirabelli.
They ended up trading him, and they had to bring him back
because the guy that they were having to catch for him couldn't catch the knuckler.
This thing's just wheezing and whizzing.
It was unbelievable to watch. You just couldn't imagine somebody was able to throw like that and god damn
could this guy play golf he was an absolute stick i know he played in a long time in that american
century celebrity tournament he was telling me about that the day we got to play he's telling
me red socks stories he's telling me stories of him growing up playing baseball how he got into
golf and then he talked
a lot about his two kids he has a son and a daughter how proud he was of them and it was
one of my favorite days it was a real blast he played lights out too he was a hell of a golfer
but an amazing career a great guy and um and and and rest in peace tim wakefield rest in
peace chris snow it's just horrible news it's's the worst part about this show is having to talk about these guys,
but at least we get to talk about them and what they meant to so many other people.
So as we've said before, when all this stuff comes out
and you have to talk about these tough things,
it's like appreciate every moment, wake up, and everyone has their bad days.
Try to remind yourself how much worse it could get
and just hug your loved ones you never know when it's gonna end so i i appreciate everyone
listening to ra and myself kind of talk about this but it's uh well it's a sad day well said
yeah uh just to reiterate on the chris snow subject with kelsey as well just like how
brave to share and go through the entire experience and
like Kelsey to to to document it all for other people who might be dealing with this and their
families as well like I couldn't imagine being that vulnerable and sharing the entire experience
as it went along and uh it's uh it's a it's a man maybe hopefully it helped him right maybe
hearing the feedback and how much people loved him,
maybe that helped him a little bit.
Hopefully it did.
No, absolutely.
And it's just hearing all the comments about him
just tells you how much of a special man that he was
and what he did and how he gave back to whether it was community,
his family, wherever he worked, and just a very tragic loss.
And he'll be forever remembered in the hockey community.
And do what you can as well to help the family.
R.A., did you have the GoFundMe up?
Our social media is posted at Biz.
We've posted it on our Instagram.
We've posted it on our Twitter as well.
But when this podcast comes out on Tuesday morning,
we will repost the link as well so people can find it.
Okay, thanks.
And also, I'm not sure if there was well. So people can find it. Okay. Thanks. And also I'm much of those,
uh,
constant,
I think it was in Hawaii and Eddie Vedder come out and dedicated a song to,
to Chris as well.
It was a pretty,
pretty nice moment.
And it kind of weird thing too.
I think it's snowy actually covered Wakefield when he was with the globe
before he got involved with hockey front office.
Yeah.
Kind of,
kind of,
I don't know.
Weird cosmic thing that they actually,
yeah,
he gets covered him back on the day,
but like you said, with condolences to, uh, Wakefield family, snow of, I don't know, weird cosmic thing that they actually, yeah, he could cover them back in the day. But like you said, with condolences to Wakefield family,
Snow family, and Cordelia's family as well.
Just a tough week.
So hopefully everyone out there is doing okay.
And next time we talk to you folks, we'll be from Buffalo for the Chicklets Cup.
We're going to be heading out soon.
Can't wait to see everybody.
Next podcast, we'll all be together.
We'll record after Chicklets Cup with the final preview of the Atlantic Division.
So I can't wait to see all you guys.
All right.
Take care, everybody.
Be good to each other.
