Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 466 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family. What is up
everyone? The season has started. Lots to talk about. We're in Boston, got the gang together
once again. Two weeks in a row recording together. Let's start it. Paul, Biz Nasty,
Biz Zanet, the Traveling Man, we're woodshaken all right you're fucking humming right now this might be the best start to
the season i've ever seen this guy have he's feeling himself and i love it and i love it
maybe almost put a little weight back on as opposed because you went through that huge
weight loss without working out or anything which was somehow a miracle but anxiety yeah i i
i gotta pump your tires too well biz go ahead what have you been up to no i want to hear this story
you got so i um i went to the bu us national development program game saturday night and us
ndtp put a beat down on on on my terriers eight one dude cole e Cole Iserman had he? Cole Iserman is a freak.
I'll say that like the team,
you know, BU's had a little tough start.
They lost to UNH Friday night.
Then they had the exhibition.
Kind of a tough showing.
Their two backups played.
So it wasn't the starter.
But it's a little bit of a rough start in terms of being number one preseason.
But a lot of hockey left.
You'd rather have it happen now than in March.
So you jump on the wagon and all this.
Don't even bring it up.
Don't even bring it up. Well, I said I i'm gonna end up getting like fired and be like george
castan's like i don't even work here so uh no it's it's it's it's the story's more about after
the game um matt gilroy who's a good good buddy of mine he played in the nhl while and in europe
with tampa right yeah he was with he was with tampa he's with florida he's with a bunch of
different teams and then um he was at bu after me but then when i was over in the khl he was with Tampa. He was with Florida. He was with a bunch of different teams. And then he was at BU after me. But then when I was over in the KHL, he was playing over there. So whenever we'd play each other, we'd have dinner and stuff like that. He's now the assistant coach of the under 18 team with Ryan Bork, who's Ray Bork's son, Chris's brother. They're the two assistants. And got to meet the head coach and talk to the team a little bit. I just went in and just talked to him for about a minute and then went around
and shook everyone's hand. And as I'm walking out, they said, where's RA?
But a couple of guys yelled it. And I said, Holy shit, you guys are a fans.
They're like fucking rights. We're RA fans. We got to meet that guy.
I said, this guy is buzzing right now. The kids love them.
The kids love them.
And then after I was talking to like four or five of them just for 10 minutes and they were just asking me all about ra asking me where he
came from what his story is they need to meet him they want him on they want him on sandbaggers i
said jesus christ these kids they didn't even want to talk to me they're like get the fuck out of
here where where is the rear admiral giving you the dead fish where's rear it's like
buddy shake my fucking hand won't even look me in the eye sniff his fingers before they shake
your hand how did he get the name rear admiral i was like i will leave that one out i saw the
coach looking at me but um no it's it are it's the season of all right the guy's coming out hot
i mean he's got those i don't know what's next to him right there they look like a couple kleenex
yeah the kleenex that's okay as long as there aren't boogers on there oh sorry no boogers just a little all right well well
well it's just needless to say you're feeling yourself and I love it all right big gambling
Sunday yesterday too yeah yeah of course I didn't post any of it but like I've been so bad I'm not
gonna post more losers but I think it seems like the more I do or I lose yeah yeah I had a pretty
nice day all pretty much all football too which is america isn't it an asian thing where they have the year of the tiger the year of the dragon i think every
year is a year like the year there's a year of the rat i'm always like that ain't a great year
no um snitches i mean if you're born like your year's the year of the rat yeah that's what i'm
gonna be that's what run granelli was born year of the rat the year of splinter the warthog
yeah the year of the warthog that Yeah, the year of the warthog.
That's this year.
This year is the year of the hog.
Next up, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
Well, I never really said what I've been up to.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How was TNT, buddy?
I felt like I was in a car accident after the two days at Chicklets Cup four games.
It's not even, yeah.
It's hard.
We need a little bit of cushion on the pavement.
We got to get that sport court, man.
My knees and ankles are just in shambles.
Still dwelling over the loss in the semifinals.
Definitely talking amongst the team.
But I am a little bit.
I'm embarrassed.
Like people even online are like, buddy, you stopped drinking and you train for a month
and you can't even get out of the fucking semifinals.
It's embarrassing.
One quote was like, yeah, like, dude, you haven't drank.
All you do is work out.
This was like the year of big deal selects.
And then you lost to a bunch of plumbers and carpenters that never work out and drink all the time.
So it was a pretty good point.
So after some more thought and a great interview with Kevin Dahlman, which will be dropping probably in the next month, I think next year we're going to roll the same lineup.
But we're bringing in the Russian gas.
He went to the KHL.
You've had your experiment with it. We're going to roll the same lineup, but we're bringing in the Russian gas. He went to the KHL.
You've had your experiment with it.
I think that if we have the Russian gas, it will help with our old legs and help us cruise,
at least to the finals, for a rematch against Noseface because that's what the people wanted and they were let down.
Aside from that, got over it, got to go home for a night, see my folks, and then it was
off to TNT and a great first broadcast.
We had the five-man panel
going uh got to hang out with wayne uh and and hank and uh it was cool because we got to watch
bedard who's now you know one of the faces of the league and going to be this generational talent
great start for him and i'm sure we're going to get into it but also to hear wayne's thoughts on
it because he went through that exact same process of coming in and and mike in your face
mike in your face all attention all eyes on you and uh so to get that broadcast there and then
to talk about mushrooms later on and it was uh it was it was a dream come true i was laughing
out loud on my coach i'm like i i think this guy will never ever be told what he can and cannot say
because he's talking about micro dosing with the great one right now it was so good
i don't even think he knew what that was when i said it i don't think it's you know but briefly
what you just said so kevin dollman i don't know when he'll drop yeah i'll just um maybe tee everyone
up and preface it with the most in-depth like five to six minute description of russian gas
we've always talked about it i think so many people are interested in that aspect of the khl he went into a deep dive on exactly how it goes down
the feelings they had some funny stories of other guys doing it so whenever that drops you'll you'll
be interested in that one no it was a great what's wow there's like the different ways we've heard
russian gas being ingested like four four different ways over the years like a shot like the gas mask
whatever he described we won't spoil it seems like i was yeah i was my gas um example was the the iv which i think was
i don't even think the doctor's over there no they're just no no no yeah they're like they got
a broomstick and a huge bowl and they're just like dr like a frat fucking go to town it's it's
legit like who's the guy from breaking bad walter white white they're
just mixing it up rando in the back but they dress like jesse pinkman yeah fraternity mixing
like cuckoo juice for their frat pot yeah take a shot of that the wit dog ryan what's going on
buddy not much as biz said i mean coming off ireland rome and then you know chiclets cop it
was one of those things where i got home, felt horrific. And, you know, any any any parent out there will tell you you come back from like a guy's trip or for any ladies come back from a girl's trip.
You're just pushed right in. You know, it's like, all right, you got kid. It's kid time.
And so I came home and I was just a wounded man, I'll say.
Now, the problem is I was texting my friend. I can't stop drinking.
I'll say now the problem is I was texting my friend.
I can't stop drinking.
I'm on a little bit of what they call a bender right now. And that pretty much started in Ireland, into Rome, into Chiclets Cup.
And now I'm home every night.
Like I'm opening up a bottle of wine.
Well, you're Mr. Pink Whitney.
Or pouring some Pink Whitney.
Yeah.
My face is going to be the official color of the bottle very soon, like permanently.
So it's one of those things when you're on just like drinking a lot
um it's hard to get off of it yeah so i think right after you guys leave so wednesday morning
because i'm not going to stop like tonight and tomorrow because we're all here right wednesday
morning i will just uh do that like week cold sober start eating better i haven't had a salad
in a month um so i'm feeling pretty gross and feeling pretty shitty about myself but you guys
cheer me up you make me feel better yeah and looking at these bottles of pink whitney i do
want to pour myself a drink right now it's another thing too i think max homer sent a tweet out a
couple days ago and he goes there's something about when you go on a trip with your buddies
too where you hope to maybe take it easy at some point maybe sleep in a little bit especially if
you have kids to catch up on one second do you you just go full throttle and you put your body to the limit you need a vacation
when you get home from the vacation and at this point now the anxiety of going home and like
dealing with life again is worse than the excitement leading up to the trip like maybe
that shows i'm 40 how many times have you contemplated just running away and buying a
second passport
going jason bourne off the grid well i could barely get a u.s passport to even leave originally
so getting another one i don't think that's possible but yeah i have a buddy who even said
he went on a three-night guy's trip over to nantucket and then you know saturday night it
was supposed to be you know the last night he just kind of like quietly took off he's like i was done
i just went home he tapped out and then he got the old and then you're the hero when you get home right like oh my god you came
home early so it's kind of a win-win you get away from the madness thump yeah yeah that's the problem
you walk in and you walk into a gangbang as they said in old school was that old school yeah yeah
um so i i'm excited to to have the season going more than anything. And I think that having the games just all of a sudden every night.
Now, obviously, Sunday is unfortunately for biz.
There's only two games, maybe one game.
He wants a full slate during NFL Sunday.
But I just love, you know, you got the Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday night, like seven to 10, 12 games.
And you're just watching all night.
The next morning, the ones you miss, you watch the NHL.com and i'll get into the any no no no i'm gonna save it because there's too much
positivity in this moment around this league right now so we'll get into that later the nhl.com
little five minute recaps of games was awesome for the ones you miss you see all the goals you
see all the big hits so at least if you don't catch a game that night you can watch the next
morning uh the jays do a Jays in 30.
The whole game in 30 minutes.
Now, does Boston?
The Bruins do.
Nesson does the.
I think it's Bruins in two hours, though, or maybe an hour where, you know, that's not
the whole game, but you see pretty much everything.
But yeah, 30 minutes is way better than two hours.
I don't want to get too far off topic.
I was watching a clip of Jack Edwards about the tissue comment.
Did you see his most latest?
I can't believe he's still announcing.
It's all set.
I don't know how he's still in.
I kind of,
I'm obsessed with it though.
Cause the clips are amazing.
You get a good chuckle,
but as a Bruins fan,
like how many times throughout the course of a three hour broadcast,
are you left shaking your head?
Yeah.
I mean,
I've always been a Jack guy.
He's a Homer.
They're all homers,
but there's clearly something I'm missing and it's likely medical.
I doubt he's impaired on there and they'll let them work in that and so i thought last year there was rumors it was it
like there was almost he was so bad they're like ah they might be making a change and i guess they
decided not to apparently and i've heard this i don't know i can't confirm it but they put him at
a different side of the hotel when they're on the road because he loves to rip the bong like he loves
he loves the weed have you guys heard that uh yeah for me about two years okay all right so i've created this rumor in my head that jack
i would love to rip the bong with him and get him on the podcast for a sit down that's a that's a
public invite to jack edwards if he ends up catching wind that we want him on would you
guys be cool with that 100 would you rip the bong with him absolutely okay the longest episode ever
but and he's not beholding to give us his medical uh you know situation no it's just that you know like i said in the tech it's a you
know it's an nhl team it's a professional team and yeah and it's a tough standard to keep up
so and he's been struggling lately and i mean i wish him the best but i was told they're gonna
give i was told they're gonna give him a lot of nights off this year okay the years passed do
they know who the other guy would be the kid from northeastern jumped in a few times during the
preseason alex foster the play-by-play guy yeah he was great he's incredible he was awesome how
do you know him alex he was with the kings yeah yeah and he still is right uh or maybe moved over
to baseball i think actually something happened with bally's so he had to move on but he worked
uh with tnt a little bit last year he's one of the bright young voices in the game why do you say
what do you mean northeastern i think he went to northeastern oh i thought you meant he was like
doing games i'm pretty sure he did play-by-play at northeastern back in the day yeah so i'd know
him if i saw him or heard his now speaking of play-by-play guys we do have an amazing guest
on our hands for today's show a pretty good natural segue there i'll leave it to you ra
took the words right out of my mouth kenny albert he has a book coming out a mic for all seasons the
only announcer in north america that's currently calling all four major sports terrific guy he's been with fox for
like 30 years i think john mcdonough game kenny albert kenny mcdonough's not doing all four i'm
apparently not right at the moment oh yeah he does he does hockey with the espn right he does
college college football he doesn't do the nfl sorry well i just thought of other guys who have
seen and heard doing doing four different sports.
But yeah, Kenny Albert, what an interview this is.
I mean, he's just been around so many legends of all these different sports that it was great hearing his stories
and obviously raised by a legend in terms of Marv Albert.
So it was a blast catching up with him.
And just such a classy guy and such an easy guy to work with.
Everybody loves him.
The dinners they get to have on
the road with that crew with edzo well it used to be jonesy too they would have tons of laughs
now they got boosh in the mix so just an unbelievable guy to work with and a true
professional and never doesn't have a smile on his face he's just happy to be doing what he does and
we appreciate him and his time and congratulations to him and not only his career but this book
coming out and keep humming, Kenny.
You're the man, Kenny.
I bumped into him with a bees game last week.
Said hello to him.
Oh, did you?
He is a great guy.
Can't leave out our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on, big guy?
Not a lot for me, but a lot for Chicklets.
Big couple of weeks for Chicklets here.
We got the Big Deal Selects video dropping on Wednesday.
The following Wednesday after that, we have the first episode of Chicklets TV.
Chicklets TV is going to be a new rebrand
on how we film behind the scenes
and everyday life of Chicklets.
After that, the next Wednesday
after that, we have a sandbagger. Jack Eichel,
Noah Hannafin featuring R.A.
Fans got their wish. R.A.'s
in this one too. Some of them did,
I guess. He's physically there.
By the end,
I don't necessarily know if mentally he's all,
all there,
but it was still a time and a half.
I'll apologize.
Now I was filming RA.
The camera is definitely going to be shaky with how hard I was laughing.
Okay.
He had me going.
So he had me laughing as hard as I've ever laughed on that.
I think it was the 16th or 17th hole.
And,
and the BU kids got their wish.
So last,
last one, we posted a video in the midst of the get slav uh bx01 and people were wanting ra to get in the
mix as far as shooting well this one we had uh one of the rules we get these lifelines right redo a
shot uh what are the other ones here like guys one club hole yeah so there was a point where each
team could have ra shoot one of the other
opponents shot and that was implemented and things got very interested so we got a lot
of disappointment we got a lot coming to the spit and trickles youtube channel we're actually
sitting at 299 000 subscribers right now so we're almost about to hit the 300 000 plateau
thank you to everybody who follows and uh yeah as g, if you want an inside look of what goes on in the big deal, selects locker room and all the drama and all the
banter, make sure you stay tuned in the next couple of weeks for that rollout. Yeah. I was
just taking Witt's order. He said, uh, Ari got buckled and do something. So I took his orders
and did something. So great time. I can't wait for it to drop before we continue guys. I need to know,
do you think any of your friends are the ultimate life of the party?
If so, you can nominate them and you could win a Pink Whitney New York City trip.
One lucky winner will receive an epic New York City trip for them and three friends, complete with a tour of Barstool headquarters.
Ten secondary prize winners will receive Pink Whitney party packs with everything you and your crew need to take your shot and throw the ultimate house party. It's easy to enter. Just go to pinkwhitney.com to enter your
info, nominate your life of the party friend, and describe how they always make the party next level
for a chance to win the ultimate Pink Whitney NYC trip. And of course, make sure to head on
over to your local bar and order up some pink Whitney.
Boys, let's talk some hockey.
Let's do it.
Conor Bedard.
Obviously, that's the big story everywhere.
His first game, they beat the Penguins four to two.
He got an assist in his first game.
He had 21 minutes, 29 seconds, 10 shot attempts, five on net.
That iconic photo of him and sit at the face off.
That's going to be in the Hall of Fame.
How about Kelly Sutherland, though? Have you ever heard a ref like say something like that before?
Guys with generational talents about to square off i
thought that was one of the cool last year they started that yeah like let's get it on it was a
it was even like goofier last year i think i don't remember exactly who the ref was or what was said
but it was a little and then this year he actually like personally said well i think he said welcome
to the nhl con or something like that yeah and sid's like dropped a fucking and sid won the face off he worked yeah so i i don't know if we talked about this last podcast or maybe it
was in the group chat but colby armstrong who who works with us does game notes i don't know when
the next one's coming out hopefully soon but uh he went there for nhl media tour with sportsnet
and they actually did some fun face-off thing between sid and bedard and bedard had beat sid
so this is what
was the I took a personally moment where I don't think at least through the first two periods
Bedard hadn't touched the puck in the face-off circle lost every single fucking did you see the
clip of him mic'd up going up to the ref being like I can't beat him he's like he's like I haven't
won a face-off I haven't even come close to beating him yet. And don't put it past Sid in the competition preseason.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to let him have a couple.
I know I got him first night.
I'm not going to show him my A stuff.
I'm going to show him my C- stuff and then just snap him back on him. I'm surprised he didn't give him a fucking bag tap off the opening one,
right in the junk, just whoosh.
I'll say this, though, that I'd only seen Conor Bedard play World Juniors,
and I remember seeing him play under 18.
It was in like Frisco, Texas.
It might've been under 17.
So I knew about the goal scoring,
but I always kind of thought of him
as just a straight up pure goal scorer,
which he is, you can tell.
I didn't know, like my first thought
after the Penguins game is like, he's all that.
Like it's the creativity
carrying to the neutral zone didn't know he was that good like kind of a human breakout in terms
of getting it and just immediately creating space for himself the hands the vision like he could
have had in that first game five six points yeah he was around the blue paint a little bit too he
was he was like he basically the first nhl game you see him you're wondering you're like this is a guy who's gonna get 80 points this year i think he's gonna have a point per game if he's
healthy no doubt yeah i think that he's gonna be a hundred point guy 50 60 goal guy like he is
actually as good as advertised and i know some people are like oh wasn't that impressive like
that you didn't watch close enough because he looks like a seasoned vet out there minus the face-offs and the game comes so naturally easy to him added to the fact that he's a psycho in terms
of being a professional his diet no drinking all the things we've talked about it is a generational
talent that i cannot wait to see play the entire year i i think most players who come into the nhl
soon realize face-offs is one of the hard hardest things it was brutal at the beginning sid was not very good uh and then also you tend to get a little bit more of the advantage when
you're a vet in the face-off circle i remember when i was uh picked up by phoenix and we played
san jose so much thornton stick would literally be in the middle of face off and he was playing
tummy sticks with the linesman where boyd gordon would have to take draws against him be like what
the fuck is going on out here where joe is just laughing cruising up ice knowing that he gets to cheat a little but uh
overall um they they released the analytic numbers as far as how many times he was carrying the puck
out of his own end as you mentioned like a one-man breakout how many zone entries and just
really poised with the puck uh probably the one thing that stands out right now is maybe for how small he is the lack
of speed where he seems to be normal speed compared to everybody else but he'll that'll come also with
age but he you could tell he's so smart at getting into the areas where he can expose certain passing
lanes so the brain and the neurological play is really where i'm so impressed for how young he is
right now and you mentioned you mentioned quickly sorry the the point of game sucks that he's now lost halsey
halsey's playing tonight buddy he's playing they said he was i know all he's fine and i and that
brandon carlo ran him over in the second game uh against boston and i was he was he went off and it
looked like one of those shoulders because he's kind of had his arm to his side I was like fuck like an AC joint or something and then apparently I just
was listening to the radio that he's going to be going tonight so that is huge for not only like
Bedard but the entire Blackhawks team and how about the stat of Halsey I think you said what
is it he's assisted on like five first overall picks first goals yeah he's been associated to
teams who have had the first overall pick, what, five times?
I got it right here.
Yeah, well, Badad scored his first against the Bruins.
2010 number one overall pick, Taylor Hall got an assist on it.
He's now assisted on the first goal
for four different number one overall picks.
Ryan Nugent-Hopkins, Niko Hesha, Jack Hughes,
and now Conor Badad.
That's insanity, right?
And he could have had McDavid's, I'm sure.
He did a little media today, and he said,
this is interesting because I know you wanted to talk about this.
He said it can be a little, in regards to Conor Bedard,
he said it can be a little much at times.
He doesn't say it, but we all feel like it is.
This is Halsey?
Yeah, it's Taylor Hall.
Okay, so this is another topic.
This is talking about the media and constantly being bombarded,
and this was to be expected.
Actually, Jeremy Roenick had some interesting comments, like, like hey it's a little bit of overkill right now i can see both sides i could
see both sides too because it is it is a lot but buddy how how many people watched the first game
on espn 1.26 it's so good for the game tnt do you have the numbers with you all right no i don't i
think it was the second most watched game, not including Winter Classics on cable.
Right.
Jeff said it was the highest rated game on ESPN.
Then the next one, TNT, you guys, was the highest on that,
so both regular season games.
So people are clearly interested in what he has to say
and following this story of this generational talent coming in the league.
And I'm pretty sure that they were following mcdavid and sid and ovi
just as closely maybe with the way social media is now especially with instagram and twitter popping
off the way that they are that it it seems like it's a lot more intense but i i'm just worried
about the person i'm worried about this kid getting burnt out and i mean with the schedule
they got him on to start the year off like that is
very much possible where this kid could be burnt out by the media come christmas time first five
games national television yeah i mean i asked him to come on chiclets and yesterday we were talking
he's like i don't have one minute right now he's like if i had 35 40 minutes i'm jumping on with
you guys i'd love to come on but he's like i don't have a minute to do this. He's just so busy.
Yeah.
So to try to concentrate on what he's trying to do on the ice and then
navigate everything else,
I commend the kid.
Cause that's a tough burden for a guy at 18 years old,
but he's doing it.
He's doing it with a smile on his face.
He's being playful with the media.
And I do,
I do not envy that for a second.
And the good thing is,
is your moments of like release and being able to relax is actually
during the games and when you're on the ice for practice like i can remember sid's rookie year
when it was the same madness minus twitter in terms of like once you get the gear on for practice
or a game you're like oh i just get to do what i love now i don't have to deal with everything else
in terms of the coverage you're never going to have something perfectly done i would much rather
this than all of a sudden or or if they decided to not pump his tires as much if all these games
weren't on national television like you're never going to have it perfect so this is way better
than not enough coverage in my mind and i think after seeing him play i've watched the the first
two um and and unfortunately we won't be able to watch tonight in toronto that should be a great
one but i've watched the first two, and seeing him, I'm like,
I'm glad they're doing this because he's that good.
So just keep pumping him to everyone.
At some point it will slow down.
It has to naturally.
But the first 10 games of this generational talent,
just get his name out there.
It helps the Hawks.
It helps him.
It helps the league.
So as much as I've been like, oh, my God, like more Bedard, I get it.
Two other things that we need to mention.
The boos from the Montreal Canadiens fans booing Conor Bedard, which is fucking hilarious.
Giving them.
I like that.
It's just giving them a warm welcome to the NHL.
They're true fans.
They want to hate the other team's best player.
I mean, at least they get some fucking voice out of the or some sound out of the bottom
bowl compared to Toronto.
And we'll get to that later for fuck sakes.
What does Austin Matthews have to do to get you guys to throw a fucking hat on the ice,
pull a rabbit out of his ass.
And then, uh, what was the other thing, uh, Bedard did?
Oh, no bucket.
First game took the 25 for us.
Fine.
Yeah.
Took the 2,500 Ching Ching.
He doesn't give a fuck.
Not at all.
Another note on that goal.
I'll wait.
I know you sent it to the group.
I had it.
Chang, he doesn't give a fuck. Not at all.
Another note on that goal. Wait, I know you sent it to the group. I had it. His first career goal came
26,533
days after his great-great-uncle
James Bedard scored his first career
goal against the Bruins as
a Blackhawk. It was the only goal of his uncle's
great-great-uncle's 22-game career.
So, Connie, you're on the clock. You got to beat your uncle.
Yeah, there you go. Maybe he sticks around after practice
and keeps shooting just to wait for the media to get the
frig out of there. They won't wait him.
They won't wait him.
A couple more numbers here.
Obviously, three points in three games.
Faceoff percentage, 26.5.
We'll pick that up after that first game.
Only 1.6 of his shifts have started in the D zone.
He's got one hit, two penalty minutes.
He's drawn three penalties as well.
So, Whit, did anything surprise you about him?
Did you just kind of take it by surprise? First game in in the pros i noticed like how small he was i know that's
been what i was talking about but out there with the big boys he was a little little sprite out
there but he's a water bug man just all over the place and they're giving him tons of minutes i
mean 43 minutes after his first two games then they like basically take the leash off yeah do
it play him play him all game i mean like it's not like he As a younger guy, you want to play as much as you can.
Actually, any guy in the league wants to play as much as they can.
But for him, get him out there.
Get him confidence.
The more ice time, the more touches, the better he feels.
And the only other thing I'll say besides the face-offs
is I think you saw him get knocked over quite a bit.
But that just kind of comes with the territory.
It's like he's never played against D-men this big, this strong.
So it's going to be an incredible season.
And the shot, like his one goal so far,
obviously it was a great little wraparound after a quick shot against Boston.
But we haven't even seen one of these snipes that you'll see 30 of this year.
So a great example, we actually were able to show it on TNT
because he had it against the Penguins in night one on the Tuesday.
And we had them in the Boston game.
But he was going down one-on-one on Graves.
And keep in mind, so through the neutral zone,
just like McDavid and all these other young players,
they have their head up, and they're crossing over through the neutral zone.
So it's hard for D-man to gap up properly and know what side he's going to pick.
So he started the play coming up in the neutral zone on the left side,
goes to the right side. And when and when graves he didn't have a great
gap because of it so when he goes out and he's got stick on puck bedard's able to toe drag it and
move it about 18 inches i almost went in too it almost went in first period first period so he
changes the angle for the goaltender so the goaltender squared up to where the shot is and
then graves go stick on puck and then he pulls it in towards his body 18 inches and
because his stick is so tall see how hard so high is uh i saw that you did i didn't realize that
it's interesting elbow is fucking tickling the rafters and he's able to change that angle so
much and get off a laser through that stick on puck which that's that's not easy to do in full
speed so look for that coming this NHL season.
I wouldn't be shocked if he scores 10 goals off the rush,
exactly how that play broke down.
The best players, the last thing I'll say is the best players
are somehow able to always cut to the middle.
Like that's McDavid, right?
Like you're like, oh, you got to try to angle them off.
They're so dynamic that they're cutting to the middle.
It creates all these passing and shooting lanes.
Jack Hughes right now, too. Jack, we're getting to him yeah get me my fucking get me my lotion double risk
coming for you jackie boy exactly that's the same thing that's the same thing and and badard right
away i noticed it this is a guy who's just able to get to the middle and those are the best in
the league do that um i gotta ask you you play with Sid coming in. Speed-wise, was he already there?
Oh, yes.
That wasn't something that was holding him back.
Sid?
Right.
No, no, no.
When he came into the league, it was like the fastest player anyone ever seen.
It was kind of like McDavid has now taken that as the fastest player anyone's ever seen with the puck.
That was Sid right off the hot.
Remember how often he was splitting the D earlier in his career?
His speed was above Bedard.
thought remember how often he was splitting the d earlier in his career his speed was was above badar so sub out badar shot where sid didn't necessarily have the shot where connor's got
to work on the speed aspect yeah i don't think his speed is is like bad i just don't think it's i
think it's high maybe slightly above average for the league but that is something where i mean time
and space is is what gets taken away at that level and that's one thing that you have to work towards so that's he'll be doing sprints all summer to probably gain that half a step and
kind of like the way uh clayton keller did when he came in all these small guys one last note he
had a 30 shot attempts his first three games 16 shots on that i had a pre-season prop it was badad
350 shots or more eight to one i took it too i took it too let's go so eight to one's
nuts crazy but but it's all about staying healthy right that's that's that stat in terms of like you
got to play all the games to get that he actually probably wouldn't need 80 games to get 350 shots
because you sent that over yeah the plus 800 i was i was blown away and then you see how often
he's shooting you're like that's a hell of a bet. All right. He's been firing away. RAs, the year of the warthog.
Jinx, buy me a Coke.
All right, your boy, Austin Matthews, man.
Austin Matthews became just the second player in the last 105 years
to open an NHL season with back-to-back hat tricks.
Give the Leafs a 2-0 start out of the gate.
The only other guy to do it was Ovi,
so I guess you could say twice in the last six years as well.
There you go.
I talked about the greatest goal scorers and Ovi got to 300.
It took him nine less games.
It took Austin Matthews.
I can't believe that.
Nine less games here.
We're talking about a generational talent, folks.
And there's these dummies online that were talking about him getting overpaid with that deal he just got.
Smoke another one.
Get your hand out of RA's treat bag, for fuck's sakes, if you think that's an overpayment.
Be careful if you dip in there.
Anyways, one other note. How about this assist this assist i'm gonna assist patrick the ninth of
his career he's already fifth all time on the leafs list the first leaf to go back to back since
wendell clark back in 94 it's a long time for back to wendell clark also beat the shit out of like
three people in those two games i'm sure too listen i think people forget i i took him 12
games last year to get to six goals he's already got 15
percent of last year's total in the first two games of the season he came in last year with
that hand wrist injury and that's what was holding him back this is a guy who can easily score 70
goals in the national hockey i i if he stays healthy i think he's got seven i think getting
i think getting 70 to 75 goals in today's nhL is just as impressive as when Wayne was playing and he got 92.
The way that the defense overall and the goaltenders evolved, 75 goals in today's NHL would be fucking banana lands.
And I can see this guy getting close to it.
And another thing, too, game three, this podcast comes out after they play the Blackhawks.
Another team he could very likely have a hatch i know so he could have nine goals by the time this
fucking podcast rolls out but overall as far as the least performance little shaky against
montreal but a gutsy win austin matthews scores those two goals to send it to ot was hoping he
was going to get the shootout winner but overall a great start they got all their guns blazing Marner looks awesome Nylander looks like I'm ready to hand over 11 sheets a year
to him because he's a fucking beast right now well he scored the other night who'd he embarrass I
think it was maybe Goligosky and another guy it was sick and then he just waits it out yeah that's
gonna be you the what he's done like obviously it's two games but then
last year like you can't lose him you gotta pay him figure it out whatever you have to do he's
that good you gotta you gotta keep this core together you gotta believe in him you gotta do
exactly like they did in washington they kept trying to run it over and over and finally they
ended up adjusting and figuring out a way to win so you know i'm a big fan of falls like a good
fall in an hl game yeah so funny the tj The TJ Brody could be one of the best of the year.
Just at the blue line when Jake Evans goes down, makes it one-nothing.
Just an all-time classic fall.
And whenever I get a good one or Rob Scuderi, he sends me the good ones.
I send him the good ones.
And I sent him that one.
I go, oh, look at this.
And he goes, they always score.
And it's so true.
As a D-man, if you have a horrible fall that gives the guy a breakaway
every single time you're like please please please oh fuck so it was it was a classic uh
mike stothers used to make sure they all ended up in the in the video session but at the end
the worst is when you're a d-man and you're pedaling back and then you dig your heels into
the ice and you and you fall back and then your stick ends up going into the crowd and it just
And you fall back.
And then your stick ends up going into the crowd.
There's a yard sale.
And it just launches into the meshing and gets stuck up there.
But I got a bone to pick with the fans.
What is going on?
The other night, he scored the third.
I was like, is this like a replay with no volume?
Bud.
What is going on, dude?
There might have been five hats on the ice.
I'm not even like the hats.
Yeah.
But the noise. Are they cheering i think they
gotta ban cocaine in the lower bowl and start giving them psychedelics or something that'll
get them a little bit of energy ra you're the drug guy what do they need cocaine no i feel like maybe
they're doing too much and they're just getting stuck in their seats and they're they're overthinking
it it's just like just fucking cheer and throw your fucking hat on the ice the guy just got a
back-to-back hat trick and pulled them out of a two-goal deficit in the dying fucking cheer and throw your fucking hat on the ice. The guy just got a back-to-back hat trick and pulled them out of a two goal
deficit in the dying fucking minute.
And it was even before that it started when they're doing the player
introductions.
Mitchie Marner's coming out fucking guy.
It was a hundred point guy for you plays on the defensive side of the puck.
It's a year where this core group,
like you're,
you're,
you're going into their years now where they could potentially win a Stanley
cup.
I don't even think the people stood out of their goddamn seats.
They put their claps together.
It's a tough atmosphere, Barnes.
It's the Yacht Club.
It's nuts.
And you've said it for a while now, but watching the other night,
beginning of the year and just silence.
The silence is deafening.
I think what they need to do is they need to swap out the upper bowl
and the lower bowl for one game and see how it plays out.
Get the hardcores who can only afford the upper bowl seats to get down below
and then send all these fucking suits up top to go do the fucking coke
off the ugly granite in the upper deck.
Ugly granite.
The other highlight of that first game, Wi-Fi versus Revo.
Revo buried that defenseman Goulet.
Then they scrapped.
Did you think he got jumped, Revo?
We got to have a little conversation because you seem to think that you mentioned that reeves got ragdolled in
the fight in the group chat i said i said he he bullied him into the net i as i believe what i
wrote and okay so jump like i don't i don't necessarily think it was a complete jumping
but it definitely was he had his gloves off before
does that count as a jumping you're a fighter guy listen i gotta jump i that's that is a full-on
jump all right i take it back getting the advantage early on as much as i want to pump
montreal fans for boone bedard and giving them the welcome to the national hockey league
you guys are such fucking homers online you guys are saying that he dummied revo's
revo and i never said he dummied him no no this is what the fans are saying online you said that
he ragdolled him but you were still questioning whether the fact he's jumped yeah and now you're
telling me like that and i knew it wasn't a fair like square off so i guess if it's not that it's
kind of jumping i just meant at the end i've never seen Reeves like pushed over like that. That's what I meant.
You would be hard pressed to find a video of me online.
If a tough guy went and ran one of my players, if I'm fighting him, I'm skating over, I'm hitting him on the shin pad.
And then I'm backpedaling to, to say we're going and we're squaring off.
One actually happened to me in training camp.
Like Foligno did to Reeves the next night.
Bingo.
He tapped him and he backed off and that was a square off.
And that's the way it should be done.
Now, we talked about this last podcast,
not knowing that the fireworks were going to happen that early on.
I did.
But the heavyweight belt is up for grabs right now.
And it's hungry in that Atlantic division.
They're fighting every game from now on, especially with...
Can we roll Revo's comments?
Yeah.
I don't like getting jumped.
I don't know if I've ever really jumped anybody.
You know, if you want to fight, just ask me.
I'm always around.
You know where to find me.
Once it got going, what was your perspective on it?
Why did you see the it kind of involved like
that i don't know i don't know if he did it on purpose to end it or or what he just kind of
i don't know once i kind of stood up and he had to grab me he just kind of
tried pushing me for the rest of the way so i felt like it was on purpose but uh
we got him two more times i'm sure sure something might happen don't want to go out like that so he clearly
states that he was jumped georgia rock copped online and had things to say about it he's oh
yeah he doesn't he thinks that that wi-fi took him down and gets the w on that one where to me
the wrestling aspect sure did he out muscle him when they got wrestling yes but considering he
had the jump and he didn't dummy him with the punches
that's a draw in my books and it's still very much up for grabs and neck i don't know what time then
when's the next time they play because it's happening again and that's when the heavyweight
belts up for grabs i do have this laura quote here he said bra you hit goulay from behind you
knew he would be coming and you had many you had many chances for a rematch later in the game and
you didn't take it then with the laughing okay so i don't i i cannot imagine that there was a moment
where wi-fi said you want to do this again and reeve said no there's no chance that happened
he probably actually asked him again and maybe wi-fi is like i don't think i just think that
that wi-fi is a is a legitimate killer he's a he's a top five and he's hungry. And he's also fucking good.
He's shot from the point.
He skates well.
I thought when he was kind of coming in
and last year we heard the nickname and everything,
I didn't know he was also a player.
That's a hell of a signing
and a guy to have in your team
considering he was, what, working at a store like Walmart
when he ended up getting picked up?
And I guess his brother was drafted by Montreal this summer,
and he might be tougher.
So there's obviously a guy there that's like muscle for the Canadians,
who's willing to do anything.
But now that you're saying it, I'm going with you.
It was a jump.
And by no means do I not like this Wi-Fi kid.
I just think that in that situation, you got to tap the shin pads
like the next game against
Minnesota where Foligno backed off.
They score up.
But ultimately, after a few games, the Revo experiment, in my opinion, is A+.
The guys love him in the locker room.
He got the belt after that game against Minnesota.
He really got the tone set.
That was a good fight.
It was a good scrap.
Shout out to Foligno as well for going after the big boy to protect his teammate but that's one thing that i think the leafs needed and then with guys like
bertuzzi and domey and other guys getting to fill in that middle weight to light what would you call
domey like a lightweight welterweight a welterweight yeah just to have those toughness
in layers and i also mentioned it for the boston bruins and set it on the broadcast too trent frederick is a good offensive talent but without any other tough guys
around frederick has to be the guy who if a guy gets hit he's got to worry about going to do that
job with lucic in the mix now he needs he can play second fiddle focus more on playing and i think
that's going to excel his numbers i mean he did have career high with 17 tucks last year but in that in that first game you saw him with that beautiful tip and goal where that to me
plays a big factor for not only the other guys who have to do it in the lineup but for the skill guys
you're telling me fucking Matt Matthews and those guys are gonna be laughing in guys faces this year
said oh you want to talk to me yeah Revo all right time to go Bertuzzi time to go well Revo got
announced uh in the starting lineup at
the home opener and gave it this one and then the camera shot up to tree living he just started
laughing i'm like that's awesome because you don't know if a gm's like hard o gms he was just laughing
at that and then yeah i think revo i also think like how he is with the media helps a ton right
the other guys as well yes because like people want to talk to him reporters
want to talk and they know they're going to get a quote they know they're going to get a soundbite
and it just may take even if it's minor minor um less stuff for marner and matthews and neil
and have to deal with it's just a little less because they go to they go talk to revo so
after that hit in that fight with felino yeah i'm down with you so far it looks great people
were bitching about the hit but fuck off man that's a good hit i think the pendulum is swinging back we got old school
hockey coming you want to hear something crazy they don't play again till march 9th what that's
like oh man we gotta get the flex schedule going put it on a sunday matinee yeah sunday during
super bowl um uh domi um put down in the lineup uh for their game tonight against the Blackhawks and
actually uh Sheldon Keefe made a couple comments about saw that kind of throwing the puck away and
I saw some clips it was Justin Bourne on Twitter throwing out that I think the Leafs are all about
and I remember Ken Hitchcock when we were at camp with St. Louis was always talking about
no hope plays in the offensive zone and holding on to it and grinding them down and there was a
couple clips of Domi just trying to throw it out front
right to a guy on the wild.
So he drops down to the third line and obviously like there'll be times he's
moving back up.
And,
but,
but I think because of that,
you'll just see,
you got to get used to our system.
We're not throwing the puck away in the offensive zone.
I have the quote here.
If you guys want.
Yeah.
And there was also a clip of him talking to him on the ice during practice.
And listen,
I love Max Domi's game.
He was an offensive player in junior and even at some points in the NHL
when he was playing with Arizona.
With weaker teams.
Yeah, sometimes when you feel like that pressure to produce and put up points,
yeah, you do have some brain farts in the offensive zone
where you're making blind plays and you're throwing these backhand sauces
or trying to create these scene plays where maybe a pass off the pads is the right move and or just hold it yeah so
decision making becomes very important especially when you're a guy who's in that middle six range
right so listen i think that he's going to figure it out and he's probably just trying to impress
guys early on with making plays but at a certain point you have to manage the puck and if you don't
you're going to end up on those bottom lines and keith said my focus with max is how he managed
the puck offensively if you don't take care of the puck offensively you have to defend that much more
we want to do a better job when we lose the puck but in max's case it's how he can keep his group
on offense more and and there are times where he has been more responsible with it and has had a
little bit of a lesser role.
Like I'm thinking about puck management when he was in Carolina,
when he went there at the deadline.
I thought last year in playoffs with the Dallas Stars, he looked great.
So if he can get back to playing a little bit more simple game
and even a little bit more physical and in your face,
I think that that's where he's most effective.
And he's a great middle six guy.
After the game, Revo and Foligno got together. She had a hug and a, but Foligno got to after the game revo and felino got together she
had a hug and uh but felino got to catch up with revo's kids that's from mike russo just you know
perfect example guys leaving it all on the ice and still boys that's what tummy sticks is okay
you get all the the junk out of the way first and then you can play a little tummy sticks i'm not
done with the leaf shit they thought they had a new goal sign for this year biz they got rid of
the uh holland oats what was uh i can the Hall and Oates. Making my dreams come true.
They had Steve Aoki's 2012
dance remix of
Kid Cudi's
Pursuit of Happiness.
But hold the phone. Our pal Nick
Alberga tweeted Saturday night,
don't expect to hear Pursuit of Happiness as
the goal song for Leafs games anymore.
Told they won't be using it any longer this season.
Heard the Leafs received some complaints
about the song's message and or lyrics.
Apparently there's a driving reference in there somewhere.
And then Dave Pagnotta said the Leafs are rotating
multiple songs for certain games,
like the original six matchup and throwback Thursdays.
But either way, it looks like that song is done.
Well, I'm talking about guys in the lower bowl,
rip and rail.
So I'm probably not the guy as far as the song's message to break this all down uh love the song love the movie project x those are those were
how i used to party back in the heydays i don't anymore but it's a song that gets you going i
like the remix uh it's way less of a snooze face or snooze face is that the snooze fest
than the than the other song they used to have
and it wasn't bringing them any any luck so it's time to move on but i do like the fact that they
are going to rotate and see what ends up gelling are is there any recommendations that you would
have for a tune no i'm so bad at picking songs like if i was on the the the teams now that have
players pick their own goal songs which is a cool idea i i'm telling you i'd have nothing i'd be sitting there i'd ask people to pick one for me i'm just brutal at that
no creativity no imagination i just don't have that i feel like you would pick a cold play song
you're always yeah like a sad one i think that it was all yellow i think everyone's like why is he
picking a song after the cut of his teeth but uh back live. I do think that the Red Wings better not do shit with their song.
Because them bumping Eminem was a nice touch.
Okay, okay.
It was a real nice touch.
In Detroit.
No, it was...
Without me.
Yes, yes, yes.
And it just, the place was rocking when they scored a couple.
Supposedly, they just brought back the old goal horn, too.
I guess there was an unreal goal horn. The Leafs? no no the red wings i never even knew it went away yeah
so they when they left joe lewis it went away but they just brought it back to the little caesars
i'd like to see a couple sneaky bangers of you fans tweeting at us letting us know what you think
the leafs goal song should be i think of this though like the bruins is zombie nation and if
you said that you'd be like what but
it actually works for them like i'm sure there's all about the snippet because you're not playing
the whole song yeah yeah it's the snippet exactly biz but i think that most people if you said
zombie nation like what that sounds awful and there's probably bruins fans who are ready for
a change but i seem to think it hits it hits when there's a when when pasta scored on that
shootout goal against nashville all of a sudden zombie nation,
it kind of works for them.
So the way you throw out names of songs,
they may sound brutal,
but then if you get in the atmosphere of the crowd going nuts,
unless you're in Toronto,
all of a sudden you're like,
wow,
that makes a lot of sense.
You can call me out by Paul Simon.
That wouldn't be bad.
There you go.
I like that.
There's no way Detroit's going to get rid of a local guy song like that.
If people complain,
I think,
I don't know.
Is it a PC thing?
Like there's complaints about it.
I don't know.
It seems like a fucking week.
Well,
anytime you cross the border,
that's when people are going to get the non-explicit version.
Yeah.
I mean,
they're going to have some guy in his basement,
Arlington,
Ontario,
wearing a mask,
complaining about the song.
I,
they should do like in baseball, individual goal songs. They don't like complaining about the song. They should do, like, in baseball,
individual goal songs. They don't pick a
fucking song every time a guy scores.
I also think that's a little cheesy. I'd rather pick
one song as a team and roll that
out. So, interested to hear your guys' opinions
on that, and I'll think of a few sneaky
bangers in the meantime.
What's up, guys? Before we go
any further, we want to take a minute to talk
about the Camberfly sneaker from our friends over at Peter Millar. The Camberfly takes inspiration from the
curvature used in aviation and architectural design. The shoe features an ergonomic arc
shaped outside the sole draws from this inspiration while dynamic lines showcase
an innovative style perfect for the season. The textured mesh uppers allow breathability and flex, while an interior foam heel cup provides the support you need for all-day
comfort. A custom sole gives you durability and traction. Guys, if you want a sneaker that
showcases innovative design and features incredible slip-on comfort, you've got to check out the
Camberfly from Peter Millar. Head on over to petermillar.com slash chicklets
to explore the Camberfly and the rest of the Peter Millar line.
Whit, your Oilers, tough start.
Vancouver beat them 8-1 in the home opener.
Then they lost 4-3 in Edmonton's home opener.
How about this?
In Vancouver, Jack Campbell was pulled after giving up
four goals on 16 shots in 27-30.
Skinner then gave up four goals on 16 shots in 32 minutes, 30 seconds.
Then in Edmonton, Skinner gave up four goals on 16 shots during the whole game.
So three performances from the goalies, all the same fucking thing.
That's pretty wild, the statistical anomaly.
Very wild.
Not exactly the start you were hoping for in E-Town.
That probably goes without saying.
Now, after the game
on saturday night the second one skinner was saying like he's very happy where his game is
he's really confident and i was like uh i love that i mean of the four goals on on the four three
loss the only goal that was kind of bad was the fourth goal by lafferty who lafferty's a player
i mean obviously there's so many guys in toronto Vancouver he fits right in I think talk loves him loves him playing a decent amount
he's got a high motor he's a prick to play against that goal was weak but the it's not just
goaltending like the goaltending right now is a worry and unfortunately it's like every year
preseason brings these different thoughts and hopes of fan bases that they see guys perform
a certain way and Campbell looked incredible and so all of a that they see guys perform a certain way.
And Campbell looked incredible.
And so all of a sudden he comes out with a stinker in van that first game.
But they they make some of the dumbest decisions.
And I know I've been on the Darnell Nurse train in terms of stop worrying about how much he's making.
He's a good player.
The decision he made the other night.
I mean, you tie the game up.
That was a wit pinch up that was a wit pinch
that was a wit pinch to the core just wanting a cookie it's two to two you just tied it up
you got four men on a rush of four on two like you're the fifth guy you just just stay back
they got plenty of guys on offense there and and i think it was fogel who misses the net wrap around
and i'm watching and the puck goes around.
I'm like, oh, two on one.
I'm like, two on oh?
What the?
And then I saw the replay of Nurse jumping in.
It's just kind of like boneheaded decisions.
Now, it is so early.
It's two games.
The problem with a start like that is like,
you got to win the next one.
You lose three games.
Then the noise gets louder and louder,
and the fan base gets worse.
Trade McDavid.
And after they had the 8-1 loss, I think they had to do a signing at the West Edmonton Mall.
No, that clip was real?
Which one?
Well, there was a clip that was out there where they had to sign specific things.
This might be an old clip, too, but it was at the West Edmonton Mall where a kid was also trying to get some shirt sign and mcdavid's like i can't
and then the kid turned around and he goes and throws it in the pond that was right behind them
where they were signing now is this an old clip gee i didn't even see this clip it might be an
old one that's been recycled but the fact that they had to go to a signing after that hey i was
the what's going on with the power play oh we're working on well the power play i mean they were
two for seven saturday night so like the power play last year, the greatest power play ever. I'm not really worried about then, you know, that that part of their team. It's just you got to get some saves. You got to just get smarter hockey. Like you have to be willing to play like a boring style when you're that team like if you're not a couple if you're not mcdavid and nuge and leon it's like you got to understand your role and just get the puck in play in the other team's zone because defensively
that's not their strong suit i've never said they're a great defensive team yes i picked them
to win the stanley cup but at the same time i understand like you're gonna have to really
change your game at certain times of the game specifically to be able to win in this league
you can't just win on the power play like personally i sometimes i'm a fan of the early season struggles and when
pittsburgh ended up winning that first cup they were not very good in the first half i think they
ended up i was still on the team well they ended up moving on from from uh uh terrian and getting
bilesman and then they ended up going on this run so they're gonna have to figure things out because
that's a that's a tough division too pacific has always been weak the last couple years and all of a sudden might be the best
probably the best division right now in hockey i have five teams coming out of the pacific now
i'll ask you if this continues and things are rocky after about 25 games i mean we didn't
bring this up in preseason could you see them potentially moving on from woodcroft it would i mean you'd you'd have to be around
christmas time and that's not a knock you'd have to be around christmas time really struggling i
mean if you look at his record since he became head coach it's very impressive i understand and
sometimes the decisions get very difficult but when you have this type of group i'm not even
willing to address it yet okay fair because it's not fair after two games to go into a complete panic mode i know you're trying to kick up dust
with the oil no i'm not i know you're trying to pull this shit off right now anybody listening
right now i'm not because i'm saying pressure is so high where if you get out of the gates after
let's say uh 25 30 games and you're playing 500 hockey with this group and the expectations that came in.
I'm sure some of you Oilers fans are saying, I look more towards the GM for maybe the nurse signing,
not addressing the goaltending situation where last year they signed Campbell.
But a decision has to be made at a certain point.
If you're not getting the production out of the group, I wouldn't even know what type of coach they would bring in
and who's on the market for that type of thing well biz here's the thing there's about eight to ten teams
that you could kind of say the same for i mean obviously like there's how many with expectations
as high as edmonton toronto i mean if they ever were like struggling around christmas i don't
know they just resigned sheldon keith but it's like i i just think there's a lot of teams that
you look at and you think if they're 500 at christmas time the coach could be on the hot seat
every year we see in this league five coaches fired right three to five coaches so it it's a
fair question but it could be asked to anyone the other thing is too is that people are also like
we're two games in stop hitting the panic button but but we're we're doing a show where we kind of
like have to talk about what's happening but But I agree. It's so early.
It's so early that it's really hard to get too overwhelmed by any slow or fast start.
In terms of the Oilers, though, Matthias Ekholm, he came over.
I think they were 18-1-2.
It was this amazing run after they acquired him at the deadline.
He played with Bouchard.
He really helped his game.
He was the perfect number one defensive for the Oilers.
He didn't get any preseason, right? And he didn't play in the opener. And then he plays Saturday night in his first game. It's like, you don't have the runway. You don't have the beginning
of the season to get out the kink. So obviously when he finds his game, that's an enormous thing
for them. You got to give him a little bit of time. He didn't, he was the one who got beat by
Lafferty on that fourth goal. I don't think that happens if he's feeling a little bit time he didn't he was the one who got beat by Lafferty on that fourth goal I don't think that happens if he's feeling a little bit more mid mid-season form so I'm not
gonna get too rattled right now obviously like they they the first game was embarrassing but
that's just a blowout it sucks when it's the first game of the year if that was in January no one
says a word the second game their start was actually what I'd really hope for they came out
flying they came out buzzing they still i think they had over 40 45
shots yeah they dominated all that i mean it was it was casey smith was battling he made some unreal
saves so it's like they played definitely good enough to win that game it was the nurse pinch
and just not getting a win in the home opener that really sticks out oh we have to give vancouver
because we haven't had much positive things to say over the last couple years buddy i better say i
know i'm gonna fucking eat my shit on that one i said nine and a half in that range and maybe
question how he plays on the defensive side of the puck some people were saying he had a couple
votes for the the selkie or not the selkie yeah the defensive one last year but overall he's
trucking guys right now he's making plays he's battling his dick off six points two games and i at this
point it's looking like 11 million 11 and a half even he made a great oh sorry no go ahead great
little play on that 210 like he kind of got nurses late just enough to like throw him off a little
bit like subtle little he looks it and just took it was his ice as much as it was nurses yeah and
he just moved over enough to give a little bit time to the goal scorer so stallion so he is so good dude between him jt miller who i thought was awesome and was a bit
of a wet wet blanket five on five against uh also a motherfucker he's a motherfucker he he looks like
he plays the game i would have done anything if in my dna i had this he's angry ryan kessler 2.0
yes he plays the game so pissed off like He's just looking to snap on someone.
And then his shot, you saw the goal he scored in the first one.
He's an unbelievable player.
He's so fast.
Great on face-off.
So I said if Vancouver gets in, Pedersen's going to be up for MVP.
And I think with talk and how much they respect him,
and if they get the goaltending like DeSmith showed,
it could
be a surprise season and quinn hughes just so cool calm and collected he can give you 28 minutes he's
a freak totally makes sense that he was named captain it could be a very exciting year uh we
have to mention brock besser i could not be happier for this guy he's dealt with uh he'd had
a couple difficult years uh lost his father uh obviously struggled a little bit on the ice.
I don't know if that was a result, but obviously a lot of things happening
in his personal life.
So for him to open the season with four goals,
apparently he trained his balls off this summer too
and really came in looking to make an impact.
And I couldn't be happier for the guy because he's one of the nicest guys going to.
Texas hat trick.
That's a dump goal.
I don't know if he was at the chick that's cupping up but he had to leave the game with 12 minutes left
puking in his mask no so there was a blues going around the flu was going around the team so just
overall for the first two games in the mindset coming into the season for talking that group
to battle through that and get four points just a gutsy overall performance uh demko puked in his
mask had to leave that first game at the end.
So shout out to that team right now, man.
They're battling their dicks off.
And not the easiest of situations because they don't have a great arena
situ in Vancouver.
What do you mean?
They're not practicing at their regular rink all the time,
so they're constantly having to do the dress and drives.
They're practicing at UBC.
They don't have a practice rink facility? they don't have a practice facility right now and
that that arena is normally sold out for concerts and stuff so they had that going on for them
that's a pain in the ass in the ass they did a little bit of training camp over in victoria
but had that first home game and now they're on the road for seven the first of which was in
edmonton so now they're going out east of florida so a very
difficult start as far as scheduling if they can get four these next six on the road that's a
perfect start for the vancouver canucks to get their confidence back and then all of a sudden
i might regret not taking them as a playoff team and then staying in the pacific quick because i
know we're kind of hopping around yeah vegas oh they are three and oh they've won four to one
every single game eichel score and highlight real goals they have the same fucking team back minus
riley smith amadio is an unreal player who's getting a bigger role they they are like just
the fact that they're like kind of like not brought up in terms of like powerhouses going
to the season and maybe that's an understatement.
And people were like,
Vegas is the same team.
I thought it might be maybe a slow start,
but three games,
they look so good.
They look like the best team in the league.
I know it's Gary Lawless and he works for the team,
but he said,
Kelly McCrimmon's probably one of the smartest hockey minds in the game.
And just with these sneaky pickups that,
that Mike Amadio,
I play with him in the AHL.
He just has something that you
can't teach where he's always he skates pretty straight up so he's always scanning the ice
and when he's got the puck on a stick it's almost like his heart rate drops he just doesn't have
that you know you know when guys pick it up and all of a sudden they're like you know 180 heartbeats
per minute he's it seems like he could slow everything down so just a sneaky great player
helped me or actually he wasn't there when we were on the calder cup but i got to play with him when
he was with the rain with the la kings and he's just an awesome player and as you said man they
only lost riley smith and that was the best fourth line in hockey all of last year so if anything
those guys could get a little bit more ice time and they're just humming out of the gates also
they raised the first ever banner for las vegas first time they went on a major four championship how about those rings man they're
a little special compartment if i need to hide something while you're in vegas i i thought that
was a perfect ring for vegas yeah and they have a little mark of all nine goals where they were
scored from on the ice the game we were at the clincher is pretty unique there's a little x like
a little x where all the nine goals scored and of course vegas being that big strong team there's like six of them right around the crease yeah
that's just how they how they dusted florida you mean the game we should have been on and won a
gazillion dollars i should have that was i'll never get over that yeah uh i want to say welcome
back to logan thompson we met him at the all-star game he hadn't played since january due to his
injury first game back he stopped 22 out of 23 for the W. So good to see him getting back.
Also, dude, we always talk about other team centers,
but you look at Vegas, man.
Stevenson, Eichel,
Carlson, Roy. I mean,
that's kind of going to be one of the top three fucking
center. I think I
misspoke when I said the Kings
had the best center ice in all the league
when I was trying to pump their tires and
pick them as my Western team.
Given that they're champions
and they have guys who have proved in their lineup
and Roy easily probably the best fourth line center
in the league right now,
I'd have to agree with you, R.A.
Best center depth going.
Stevenson's going to get a payday.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Brett Howden won the first Sussie of the year pool.
Got two games for Cream and Brandon Tanev
when they played Seattle.
But we got to circle back to Vancouver for a sec, boys. Conor Gallen scored the first Canucksussy of the year pool. Got two games for Cream and Brandon Tanev when they played Seattle.
But we got to circle back to Vancouver for a sec, boys.
Connor Garland scored the first Canucks goal of the season.
But just prior to that, Elliot Friedman reported that the Canucks granted him permission
to talk to other teams.
And his new agent, Judd, is doing just that.
They need a cap room.
And Jim Rutherford didn't sign Garland,
so he doesn't really have any, I guess, loyalty to him.
But it shouldn't be too hard to get rid of this guy.
He's fucking shifty. Well, it's pretty hard because he makes five he
makes five for i want to say the next two years after this year yeah until 2020 2025 yeah and i
like garles he came on the scene um you know as a fourth liner in in arizona finally getting his
shot when there was a few injuries and just through him for checking and working his balls off out there, he started, you know, climbing up the lineup, you know,
started playing in the top six and started getting points. And I don't know, sometimes,
you know, maybe when you get your payday, you, you get away from the things that brought you
success. And I think that exactly what I said about Max Domi, whereas I think that if he gets
a little bit more back to his old game and maybe mix with
a new some new scenery uh he could find himself in a happy place uh i think that his game has
maybe tailed off a little bit since getting that contract as to what he brought at least what i
saw with the arizona coyotes so a little bit more salt and pepper to get back to what brought him
that original success hounding down pucks on the
forecheck you know getting in those greasy areas and i think that he is uh i think that he's probably
a 20 to 25 goal guy around that 50 point range and for me that's a great pickup for a stanley cup team
on on a third line role but the problem being is is there's just no cap space anymore and he's making
that five million dollar tag but sometimes we've seen it before guys aren't happy they're complaining
they can't necessarily find a trade for him but he comes in has a great start and it ends up all
working itself out so i hope happened in boston with jake de bros there you go there's a prime
example yeah but when when cassidy got
left go didn't he immediately take back but um garland would be sick on the bruins
he'd be great and where did he have a success in arizona when talk was coaching him so
he's got a little bit of time to work with him here and i hope it all works itself out and his
goal was will probably be one of the top 10 passes of the season by peterson he
sauced it oh my god just over i don't know the demon who's the d-man lunar sauce oh but it
landed an inch over the defense mistake directly flat i don't remember directly flat on garland it
was sick from the far wall so um i'm he's a situ guy that's where i'm from so i'm rooting for him
always absolutely you mentioned jack mentioned Jack Hughes earlier.
He had the big chicklets text thread riled up the other night.
He got two goals in that first game, three assists in the second game.
But this kid, is he top three forward already, Jack Hughes?
He is so sick.
I would say outside of, I mean, I would probably even put him in McKinnon range right now.
But outside of McDavid and McKinnon and maybe Makar,
he's the funnest player to watch.
If regardless of the team,
just to watch a hockey game, to see the things that he does,
I don't voting he's he floats on the ice where,
when he goes,
when he stops his feet moving and he gets the defender to bite,
to stop, to kind of match match the momentum the way he's able
to put on the jets now and then create that separation instantly is becoming second to none
so with along with that with the skill set and his um his eagerness to even go to those hard areas by
like cutting to the middle i mean you saw that goal the other the other night where he had two
who who was that against without i think it was a great detroit yeah yep he is he's worth the price of admission and you're fucking toast if
this guy stays healthy you're gonna be snapping off 300k i said you're done last year like i know
that i i've been over this a million times the guy won't even take a 2300 buyout that scumbag
pasha shout out to pasha for a funny little man on the street segment in New York,
where he just fed the answers to a bunch of randos about how much he hates the
Rangers.
But Hughes,
if you can take a look and somehow go back and watch overtime the other day,
he,
he,
it was a one man show.
I've never seen anything like it.
He could,
he could have ended the overtime four different times.
He,
and now granted it's three on three, which fits into his game perfectly. But the way he's skating and
how quick he looks and like he's just so sick, his hands. You saw the assists over to Brad on
two of those goals. Just perfect sauce. Brad and him work so well together. And Brad actually had
a comment something about how obsessed Hughes is on becoming better. He goes, you don't see him in
the gym much, but in terms of on the ice, his game on the
ice, he's completely obsessed with becoming the best possible player he can be.
And it is so, I'm with you.
It is, there aren't many guys that are more fun to watch play hockey.
It's unreal.
I was at that opening night game and I was saying this to Biz last night.
When you watch Connor McDavid live, it kind of just seems like he's like on fast forward like he's just a little he's cranked up a little bit faster than everyone else
jack hughes now is like that like every time he's on the ice he's just like quicker and faster and
getting to pucks more and he just he looks like a man amongst boys if you don't have a great gap
on him at least for even from a forward perspective where you're matching his speed early when he's
coming out of his own blue line you're you're toast like i said he'll he'll often stop moving his feet where
he'll get the defender to and then the minute he's got him he just turns on the jets and blows by him
and you mentioned that over time he had that same cut in play three times yeah where he's not shy to
go to the net either and i think i think 150 points is not out of the question if he stays healthy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
If he stays healthy?
I mean, McDavid has never had 150.
What did McDavid get last year?
Not 150.
What's Hughes have right now?
He's got five points in two games.
Okay.
Yeah.
So you basically have to do, yeah.
I think if he's healthy, like 120, no doubt.
Okay.
150.
That's a crazy one.
Well, McDavid had 153 last year.
Okay.
He can probably kiss the lady been goodbye.
He's already got two penalties.
He only had three of all of last.
So that's another thing, too.
He's got a mean streak going right now.
I forget who the defender was, but he gave him a little.
He kind of stepped over top of him after he hit him.
He dragged his balls on his head, man.
He dragged his nuts right across his forehead,
and then he gave him a two-handed whack, and he was not.
He was barking at the official.
I thought it was a little soft at the time of the game
in which it was called, too,
but that's another thing you love to see, too, as a fan,
where he's got his snarl and his bite,
kind of like we see from McKinnon, right?
I want to see him.
A bit of a snapshot
you want you want that drive and that intensity from your leader even better and it creates space
for you too even if people say it doesn't it ends up working out in your favor but i am interested
because devil's fans pasha and a bunch of others included they've loved meyer ever since he came
over i i haven't like seen offensively like he's making yet. And this is included last year,
which obviously in the series against the Rangers, he took that huge hit in the final game.
But it's just more about, I'm interested to see what he puts up for numbers this year.
And I think because he's not going to have to get those number one matchups because they're
dealing with Hughes, he still should be able to produce a lot. But I haven't seen the nine ten million dollar man since he's gotten there i think that's a fair assessment he played
well in playoffs last year didn't have the point production but he but you're not playing well
without point production if you're him you're not i i understand but even watching these two first
games i haven't noticed them as much as i'd like if i was a new jersey devils fan have handing over
that much money for that much term but sometimes i
find like the bigger guys do take a few weeks to get into the rhythm of the season just a bigger
body guy catching up to the pace of speed i know like a guy like raffy torres i don't know why that
name just came to my head he was a notoriously slow starter where he would have brutal camps
brutal first 15 games of the year where coach was like wake the fuck up why is that why do you think he's gonna get the train going yeah just
yeah so why are you you're saying the bigger guys though like why why is it bigger guys do you think
uh i just think that uh i feel like at the beginning of the season like it's harder to play
i guess more physical because they call more penalties uh i feel that it takes you maybe a
little bit longer to shed some lBs to kind of catch up
to these little water bugs that are out there.
And I just find that it's notoriously guys
who make their money in harder areas
where it takes them a little bit longer to get going.
What an answer by me to put on the spot.
Great answer.
Good job, buddy.
Pat me on the back, please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Of course, all three Hughes brothers
are in the league right now,
but this is the first year of business since 1976
without a Sutter brother or son either playing, coaching,
or GMing in the league.
First year since 76 without a Sutter in the league.
Yeah.
They got to get that sperm bank working back again on the farm.
Also, Friday, that same game, your boy Logan Cooley,
two assists in his debut along with two shots.
The second was unbelievable.
The no-look backhanded to tie the game up.
And did you see the Coyotes?
They got a new game belt.
They picked up either a rugby ball or an Australian Roos football ball,
and that's their new game belt.
Yeah, Kels ended up giving out to Cooley.
I thought Cooley looked awesome.
He ended up finishing the game with one assist?
Two assists, yeah.
Yeah, two.
Okay.
I think you just mentioned that. But aside aside from that he was also making other plays that could have ended up
in the back of the net like even that shift that were schmaltz he ended up scoring on the short
side he had a few dishes in the midst of that so as far as a young guy coming in man this is a guy
who's going to get plenty of reps because he's playing with the coyotes they're going to want
him to to develop he could challenge and you've been barking this since the since training camp g he could challenge
bedard for the calder trophy yeah absolutely i 100 believe that and i also think if we're
redrafting that 2022 draft class i'm drafting him first overall over slavkovsky any day i mean i
know it's still early but like i love what i've seen from this kid slavkovsky's hurt all the time
simone nemick went to i don't know i just feel like logan cooley would have been the first a better
first overall and and i've always talked about armstrong's ability to draft and develop
it could have been easy to go after the dangling carrot in uh who went for us who went forth oh
shane right shane right right everybody oh shane right was gonna go first oh and all of a sudden
he's available third and he was adamant that he had his guy in Logan Cooley.
So shout out to Armstrong for taking him.
And then he was able to get him to come out.
He wasn't going to come out.
He announced he's coming back.
Yeah, and then all of a sudden I think that him and Clayton Keller
have the same agent, right?
Yeah.
And things were  they probably said, listen, like, you are ready.
Like, you do not need to go back and i think there was
some unfinished business business with minnesota losing in the national title game but luckily for
for arizona you got a guy that was ready to come into this league they need some luck i mean like
you've always said like they just can't get that first overall pick never it seems like in that 22
2022 draft like you might have got the first so they've had i want to say this is their third or fourth third overall pick they had kyle turris um who was the other one they had third
overall they had strom at third overall and i want to say maybe mueller was a third overall
pick i think he was fifth fifth okay so they haven't really struck on the highest of picks
that they've had who was their other third overall?
Is that their third?
I'm still trying to find it.
Okay, no.
But finally to hit on one along with some of these other young guys they have,
like if Gunther can take that next step.
We've talked about Michelli.
I think he could send down Gunther.
I know, but still, if he can.
I don't hate that.
Yeah, if he can pan out.
Barrett Hayton started showing signs of coming around the corner.
He was a fifth overall pick.
So Bill Armstrong's done a great job,
and hopefully these guys continue to develop and elevate this team.
But they looked
They're going to be tough this year.
As a team, they looked excellent against the New Jersey Devils,
and they are not going to be an easy two points anymore.
And Armstrong's best move after getting Cooley to leave was Dursey.
He scored a rocket
in that game and he looks really good i loved him in la so that's a that's a hell of a hell of a
signing right there or trade whatever it was yeah good replacement for losing goss despair is having
that other offensive defenseman to come into he'll get his reps i thought dumbo looked great guys
love him in the locker room too he's a blast so i'm glad we got to cover the coyotes early and
give a shout out to Cooley.
I got you, buddy.
I got you, buddy.
I got you.
Four other teams in here, too.
Don't worry about it.
Logan Cooley, right?
The 14th player to make his debut on Friday the 13th and the first one to record a point.
Why do you got to go dark on us now?
No, not the movie.
No, it was a good thing, dude.
First guy to ever get a point.
The 14th player in NHL history.
Their first day of their career was on a Friday the 13th.
I'm not a horror movie guy.
No, me neither.
I literally can't even watch them.
I used to watch the ones.
I would have to watch a horror movie in daylight.
I'm a big Halloween guy.
I'm not kidding.
I think it was the Halloween one.
You'd always get to see like a set of tits in them.
That's what made me early on be a big horror movie guy.
That's why Biz likes it. You'd see some titties. had a tits in them like one slash of fall that's what made me early on be a big horror movie guy
that's why biz likes you see the some titties they have the um the ski tits the slope ones
the woman in slap shot oh the best tits of all time titties right there
suzanne sucks pussy i know i know i mean i would pay a lot of money to do a bump off those ski
tips jesus christ i mean come on wouldn't you jesus christ i mean you would pay a lot of money to do a bump off those ski tips jesus christ i mean come on
wouldn't you jesus christ i mean you bet three grand that hughes wasn't gonna get 100 points
you wouldn't pay a geno to fucking no bump off ski tits no come on christ sake just the bunny
hills they don't make up like that anymore uh what's your favorite do you have a favorite you
kind of got ski tits on you i do a bump off yours i'll tell you this i'll tell this if the leaves win the cup i'll do
a bump off your nipple ra okay uh yeah i guess i will commit to that so okay there you go uh do
you have a favorite horror movie bizzle wit you like i know you don't see don't watch them you
know what i used to love it you know what i scream you know what i used to love and you would
definitely see tits in these was the leprechaun ones i used to watch those ones
oh the leprechaun horror movies never watched them i'm from jennifer aniston was in the first
one wasn't you yeah yeah the first saw i saw that wasn't too bad the saws were great those were that
was a revolutionary type horror movie in my opinion what was the guy's name the bad guy
uh i never i never saw i never saw a saw what's his
name no the guy from sawfish jigsaw all right before we go any further i want to let you know
that spitting chicklets is brought to you by body armor from sports drinks to sport water body armor
keeps us hydrated all day long whether we, watching, or even playing sports, Body Armor is our go-to
choice all the time. It's real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins,
and nothing artificial. Body Armor has great flavors like strawberry banana, blue raspberry,
and a whole bunch more. And the best athletes in the world hydrate with body armor, like Ronald Acuna Jr., Christian
McCaffrey, Alex Morgan, and the latest athlete to join the team, Joe Burrow.
I've said it before.
I'll say it again now.
Strawberry banana is by far my favorite.
Gets me through the day, the night, the weekend, everything.
We record late night, need some body armor, boom.
Slug the water down.
After the chicken's cut, boom, more of the water.
So anyways, go out and get yours.
It's available in stores nationwide. Head on over to the body armor store on amazon and get yours today all
right boys a few signings uh since the last time we chatted we just left buffalo and they just
locked up uh the young defenseman owen power a seven year 58.45 million dollar extension
he's got a modified no trade clause for the last two years it's an 8.35 average
annual value he'll be 28 when the deal ends he's in the last year of his ELC right now
biz uh what's your take on this buffalo lock him up yeah i think that's the market rate you saw
sanderson from the senators get roughly around that exact same number um i think if you ask
kevin adams he shows every sign of a true professional where he's going to continue to excel his game.
I don't know how high his offensive window, especially with Darlene there, taking the power play.
Yeah, I think that it's a home run if he ends up like a J.
Bowmeister.
That would be my that's my feeling on it.
A guy who might get you 40 points yeah like that 40 point range a guy who
is very reliable on the defensive side of the puck easily a an excellent top four I would probably
put him in that number three role I I think you're hoping for for for top two right I mean now granted
they have their number one but with that money even though in in seven years the money will look
like not much I think you know you're
not hoping for a third defenseman with that yeah but i think overall this isn't necessarily a gamble
you might be paying a little bit high of a price if he doesn't continue to exceed offensively and
that's it but to get good quality defenseman with his size uh it's it's hard in this league so you
gotta you gotta lock those guys in early
and it just goes back to what we said last podcast about it feels like kevin adams is trying to give
these guys the confidence moving forward to not have to worry about any type of contract situations
where he's saying this is our core group of guys i believe in you you got the money in place now
now just go worry about getting better and figuring it out together and going to win some hockey games.
But from an overall standpoint, and I said this in our preseason predictions, I thought that I might end up regretting not picking Ottawa as a team to get in as opposed to Buffalo being ready.
And that is looking like it's going to be true because I was not impressed with the team game in the first
two games. The Rangers dominated. The Rangers did dominate them. I tweeted about this. I thought
that that fucking penalty on Benson, which ended up, they went down to nothing on that power play
was absolutely horseshit. All you Buffalo fans know exactly what pay I'm talking about.
Because when they put it on the Jumbotron you guys lost your minds but aside from that they got worked they haven't looked good no point so far for tage thompson so
hoping that these guys get going soon because if you find yourself outside of a playoff spot come
uh american thanksgiving and you get off to a slow start you guys know what the the numbers tell you
if you're outside of a playoff spot you're in one you're you're in one especially in a division where i think detroit has played very strong do i think that that they're
better than detroit absolutely but as a team detroit's looked good out of the gate and ottawa
after dropping that first one they look fucking strong and if they get norris back with those
three defensemen and corpus alo kicking look out
and and buffalo in terms of buffalo the second game bright side benson two apples looks so good
i mean if he's like a couple inches taller they ain't getting them where they got them in the
draft so i think they they probably hit a home run with that kid the fact he came in made the
team and then looks this good the devon levy thing probably not his best um through two and and i think that that's probably why they did keep those
three goalies right because i know granted they could have lost one on waivers which kevin adams
was talking to us about when ra was was in one but i think that they're not exactly sure like
everyone's kind of hoping levi could maybe be like a dark horse calder guy but it's it's just so hard like i it's not common for a guy to play college and then be a
starter in the nhl next the next season it's just it's it's it's not easy to do the league is such
a big jump and so hopefully tending to be in the hardest position easily easily so luckily they do
have three guys there in terms of comry. And what's the other guy's name?
It's a Euro name, isn't it?
Yeah, I'm drawing a blank.
But Buffalo, yeah, that's not the start they wanted.
Ottawa with Brady Kachuk is like, you see his celebrations after the goals.
Like he's just flexing to the crowd.
That front, you can't move.
No, you can't move him.
And like he's just battling away.
He's never out of the play.
And yeah, Ottawa looks great. Now, granted, they didn't have Stamkos. Tampa didn't have him. And like, he's just battling away. He's never out of the play. And yeah, Ottawa looks, looks great.
Now, granted, they didn't have Stamkos.
Tampa didn't have Stamkos when they beat him on Sunday.
Or a goaltender.
That was a, yeah, the, well, that kid, I was happy for him.
I think it was just, I can't look up his name.
It was 29 years old getting his first start for Tampa.
And he made some great saves and, you know, he gave up four.
They got the empty netter.
But it was, it was more about just
ottawa just putting their will on them and not stopping joseph got a beauty um so if they can
get norris back i don't i still know tomkins was his name yes yeah so congrats to him you know
waiting that long to get your first first nhl start that's a great story but i i don't know
about norris he's not on long-term ir so you got to think he'll be back soon. Both of those teams, Buffalo and Ottawa,
dealing with a major injury up front.
Because Buffalo needs to get Jack Quinn back,
just like Ottawa needs to get Norris back.
Norris is at what?
30 goal guy?
Yeah.
I mean, and the deal he signed, they're expecting big things.
So that's just what Ottawa needed.
And Brady Kachuk gave an interview,
one of those interviews that's kind of broadcasted the entire arena and just mentioned we love playing
in front of you the crowd was unreal the owner was getting involved with the fans handsome guy
yeah guy's a stallion i mean if you can be the billionaire and a good-looking guy it's man
probably got a wrench on an absolute animal so um and then in Detroit, right away to Brinkhat.
Boom.
That's what you're hoping.
You know, him and Larkin have that connection.
Larkin gave him a sick dish for a goal the other day, the other night.
And so Detroit's coming out flying.
Sider looks good.
That's one thing where I think if Huso can kind of have a bounce back here,
they're going to be better than I thought.
But it just seems like of the three teams we've talked about for at length
in the off season with Detroit, Ottawa and Buffalo, uh, Detroit and Ottawa's first few games look a
lot better than the Sabres. Yeah. And a shout out to the liver King, the NHL liver King chicken,
two goals. So that, that top three defense for Ottawa is lethal. You can bring it both sides
of the puck and between Shabbat Sanderson and Chikrin they got they got some good depth on
DRA good depth four goals already for Brady another sign and the abs locked up Devon Taves
seven year 50.25 million comes out to seven and a quarter a year he's got a no move clause for the
first two a modified no trade clause for the last five it'll be 37 when the deal ends he's currently
in the last year before year 16.4
million dollar deal what about we were expected a win-win right and i and i think he definitely
left some money on the table if he goes to the open market speaking of the open market we're
we're done we're done ever having free agency free agents peterson next year he we won't be
it's if you're really good he'll have accolini's balls in a vice by christmas
free agency now will be not fringe guys but they'll be you know the the depth guys and the
fifth and sixth defenseman it's you have to lock up your talent you can't allow a superstar to get
to free agency and lose them for nothing and so that it ruins july 1st in terms of covering it
and rooting for the old school big signing days.
But Devon Taves, while leaving a little bit on the table, gets to be in a city he loves on one of the best teams in the league that will be for the next, I'd say, five years competing for the Stanley Cup.
So it's like you get your set for life.
If he wasn't already, he now has that monster deal.
He now gets to play with Makar for for the rest of his career
basically and then you if you're Denver you're like yeah maybe at the end that deals like a
little high but you're 36 37 they don't care about that right now they care about the next
five seasons the next six seasons competing every year for the Stanley Cup so if you're an Avs fan
you're fired up Devon Taves is set for life and the and the gm uh joe sackick is looking
at it like we have a great number two defenseman now locked in i'm actually surprised with that
that aav that he couldn't get that eighth year just because of how i was shocked it came in at
what 7.2 right yeah 725 yeah that's that's and some people could say well he gets to be the
number two guy behind uh mccarr and playing with him is obviously makes things a lot easier.
But I think in an open market with the lack of free agents, I think a team would easily give him eight and a half, nine million.
Obviously, you can't give him that eighth year.
And that's where maybe because of the lower AVV, I thought he would get it.
But you just said it's a win-win for both sides.
This is a guy who gets to solidify playing with a great team. They're going to be a cup contender
at least the next three, four years with the way that they're built and the way the cap's going up.
So you got to be happy to stick around. And we all know that living in Colorado and not necessarily
under the gun in a big market and having a good team like that,
it just makes life a lot easier when you know you're going to be winning 45 to 50 games every year
and having a chance at winning a Stanley Cup.
So Saka keeps doing his thing.
They keep that core together.
And since we're on the Colorado topic,
I think that we have a new most underrated player in the league.
Ratanen?
Ratanen is the most underrated player.
When's his deal up jay he's he
signed a long-term deal and he's locked he he got a nice ticket too i think he makes nine and a half
million he signed an eight-year deal but because you have mckinnon there and because 9.25 9.25
just till 2025 yeah you're feeling it right now hey yeah i think i said it last year he's um i think i said it last year he's um 10 years ago of genny malcolm he reminds me of
malcolm the way he moves his shot how big he is he is you're right not talked about enough and
it's because of mckinnon and mccarr star player he makes the fucking play every time he's a horse
he's a horse those finnish guys just oh yeah big yeah strong on their feet you know he can crush his
vodka too and uh I think the first time in a long time or it might even be the first time ever
where a player had four points in back-to-back season openers and he he did so in that first
game I forget who they played or no it was LA it was LA on the tnt broadcast and he put on a show and uh and yeah overall that
abs team is looking filthy right now uh the ducks claimed ross johnston off a wave of some of the
islanders he's got three years left at 1.1 mil nice little heart and soul type guy a little uh
gritty grinder who ross johnston yeah oh no no sorry i blocked i literally blacked out as soon
as you started talking who Who did he sign for?
Well, he was signed with the Islanders, and they waved them, and the Ducks picked him up.
He's got three years left at 1.1.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
He's tough as nails.
No worries.
Absolutely.
I wasn't trying to be smart.
I don't want this guy suffering.
You sounded like an owl.
Who?
The Devils extended head coach, Lindy Ruff, with a multi-year deal.
He was signed through this season.
So they take away any,
what do you call it?
La lame ducks.
That well-deserved from,
from the,
the fans chant and fire Lindy opening night to,
to having that season they had.
And then,
and then look at it again because they lost the desert dogs.
Yeah.
Posh is a dirt bag.
Terms were not disclosed.
Some news about one of the former coach,
Barry Melrose, who's been working with ESPN for like most of the last 30 years uh very sad news uh we want to send our
best wishes to barry he announced his retirement from espn because he has parkinson's disease so
he's going to retire and spend some great video um that espn put out or i i think i saw steve
levy and and buchi put it out i remember when I started kind of really getting into the NHL,
I always say it was the 94 Rangers Cup run.
And he was just NHL tonight with Bucci Gras back in the day.
He had the great suits.
He had the gray wings in his hair.
And I mean, what he did coaching L.A. to the finals
and like how highly Gretzky spoke of him on that video,
kind of narrating it.
He's always been a part of kind of American hockey fans lives i think everyone's always enjoyed he's done the final four with
buchigras in terms of college hockey so we're really thinking of him that that's just brutal
news and hopefully he's able to spend a lot of time with his family and and deal with this as
well as he can because that was that was shitty news to see yeah what he did for the game as far
as a coach and and uh and in media he's been going out
at uh kelly cup champion i believe in the echl or no sorry calder cup and he won he won another
championship as well didn't he as a coach i'm not sure off the top of my head but that's it 30 years
ago that that king's team was on the finals versus montreal and that's so i'm glad you brought that
up because wayne got to touch on that on the broadcast because when they went to the stanley cup final against uh
montreal and they beat uh toronto in that conference final i think one of the best games
wayne said he ever played he said that uh he really let the players personalities shine he
always wanted the players to be themselves and and back then that wasn't common back then
that wasn't common for coaches to allow that so to have a player's coach back then and to make life
so enjoyable and be the amazing guy that you keep hearing throughout wherever you hear about barry
melrose all you hear about how unreal of a guy he is um it was cool to hear wayne talk about him on
the broadcast so our heart goes out to the family and and hopefully he can uh you know he can keep battling here men cup and i called it cup that's what he won yeah memorial cup
well said biz uh another guy on tv we talked about a little while ago kenny albert i think we should
probably bring him on right now his book a mic for all seasons wherever you can buy books so let's
send it over kenny albert who was this paul what was the politician's name the story he tells
oh uh bloomberg he tells this fucking bloomberg story it's one of the
funniest stories i've ever heard on the podcast so to kenny you're a true pro buddy thank you for
coming on a true gentleman interested for you guys uh by the book podcast all right before we go any
further here's a few words from our friends at chevy che Chevy has convenient ways to research and shop electric vehicles online.
When researching, utilize Chevy MyWay. Vehicle specialists and hosts give a virtual tour and
help answer your questions. When you're ready, you're able to buy online by reviewing available
EV inventory or build your own at participating dealers. You can do as much or
as little of the buying process online with help from a participating dealer. You can configure
finance and lease payments, apply for credit, upload documents, and finalize your purchase
through our secure checkout process. You can even schedule vehicle delivery at home or at the
dealership. And if you'd prefer to purchase the traditional way in person,
their nationwide dealer network is available to help as well.
Learn more at chevy.com slash electric.
Well, we're very happy to bring on our next guest.
If you're a sports fan here in the States,
there's no doubt you have heard many of this guy's incredible calls over the years.
He's the only announcer in North America who currently calls games for each of the four major leagues.
You name it, he's done play-by-play for.
Of course, he's on TNT right now.
In his new book, A Mic for All Seasons, my three decades announcing the NFL, NHL, NBA, MLB, and Olympics.
It's coming out in October.
You can pre-order it on Amazon, Barnes  Noble, Target, and other places where fine books are sold.
It's great to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Kenny Albert.
How are we doing, my friend?
Kenny!
Great to be with you guys.
Just saw Biz last week in Atlanta.
Love the podcast.
I've been listening for years, and it's an honor to be on with you guys.
It's an honor to have you.
Thank you very much.
I got to first meet you at the Winter Classic when Minnie played, I think, was it St. Louis that year?
Oh, that was so cold.
Minus 20 out.
Yeah, it was cold.
It was cold that weekend.
Yeah, yeah.
But that jersey, for anyone watching on YouTube, that's a sick old, is that an old All-Star Game jersey behind you?
It is an All-Star Game jersey.
I'm not even sure exactly where I got it.
It's from the late 80s, early 90s. No number on the back, just the NHL logo on the front. And funny story. So
during the pandemic, we didn't go meet with players and coaches in any of the sports. We did
Zooms. And I was working a Buffalo Bills game. And Brian Dable, now the head coach of the Giants,
was their offensive coordinator. And I had never met him prior to this Zoom call.
And he's a huge hockey fan.
He grew up in the Buffalo area.
He was born in Welland, Ontario.
And he turns on his computer.
And the first thing he says, is that a Wales or a Campbell conference?
So he's old school.
He knew.
He knew.
Oh, yeah.
Right away, man.
Right away.
It's a good look at Jersey.
I guess, Kenny, was it a classic case of wanting
to do what the old man did you obviously your dad ma valve but one of the great uh play-by-play
guys of all time which is just i want to do what dad dad did yeah right from an early age i was
five or six years old and my parents gave me a tape recorder for my birthday and i was never
pressured i was never told you have to do this you have to announce games into the tape recorder you
have to go into sports casting but i loved it right from the start. Both my father and my two uncles, his brothers,
Al and Steve, were longtime play-by-play broadcasters, hockey, basketball, boxing,
other sports as well. So, you know, they would come over for holidays and special occasions.
And I was a little kid and it was like I was listening to a podcast.
They would be telling stories about the games they did and the teams and the players and the coaches. And I would just try to soak it all in. And when I was old enough, I would start to bring
the recorder to Madison Square Garden, Shea Stadium. I would sit in an open area with not
a lot of people around that I would call games. And it's really all I ever wanted to do.
I did some writing in high school and college,
but always wanted to do play-by-play.
And a huge break when I was in high school on Long Island in 10th grade,
a local cable station came to my school by total coincidence
to film a girls' basketball game.
And I was there to cover it for the school paper.
I volunteered.
They didn't have any announcers.
They clipped a microphone on my shirt. I sat in the third it for the school paper. I volunteered. They didn't have any announcers. They clipped a microphone on my shirt.
I sat in the third row behind the team bench.
The people around me probably thought I was nuts talking to myself.
And I spoke with the producer on the phone the next day.
And he offered me this opportunity.
You know, it didn't get paid, but who cares?
I was in high school.
I just wanted the experience.
So it was like an internship.
And I would do games all over Long Island, hockey, basketball, baseball, soccer, lacrosse, you name it, probably 75 to 100 games. And I would bring friends along as color commentators. And I felt like I had such a head start because back then you couldn't really do this until college. So I had two and a half years of these repetitions, actual games, you
know, that were broadcasted on television, on delay, on local cable. And it was just great.
And I would also tag along with my father. I would do stats for him when I was old enough at
hockey, basketball, football, and really learn via osmosis. Just listening, watching the preparation, listening to the communication between the
announcers and the production truck.
And, you know, I get the question a lot.
There are, you know, thousands of people who go into the family profession, whether it's
doctors, lawyers who have parents in the business.
But when you grow up around it, it's the best teacher you can ask for.
Did you come out of the womb with that voice, that deep voice?
Well, you might be surprised about some of the stories in the book.
It's a crazy story.
I was actually born three months early.
So I'm not sure what I sounded like back then.
I was one pound, 15 ounces.
No way.
And in an incubator for two and a half months.
So I don't think I had the voice right away.
But, you know, it's funny.
My kids refer to it as my, quote, fake announcer voice.
I'm not sure what I do differently when I'm on an interview or once the microphone comes on.
But I guess I sound a little different when talking in real life.
So my daughter told me before I had to make a speech for her, she said, you better not
use that fake announcer voice. Just running your show. So you got this recorder, so you would go
to games and you would record on it. And would you go home and would you listen over to work on
your game, so to speak? Yeah, I would. And even before I started bringing it to games, I would
use it in my bedroom. So I was eight years old at the time, you know, eight, nine, 10 years old. And I set up
my bedroom like a studio. You know, I had the desk and the bed in the middle and the TV, and I would
call games off the television. And we kind of came full circle during the pandemic when we were all
broadcasting a lot of games, not on site, off monitors. So it brought me back to those days. But I would do it at home.
I would bring it to games.
When I was in college, I went to college in New York at NYU,
but I would go to Rangers and Islanders games.
And I had access because I had an internship at the NHL office.
And then I started filling in on some Islander radio pregame shows.
So I had access to sit in the press box and I would announce games into the tape recorder and you get better with each and every rep.
I would listen back. And my real big break at that time, you know, after the Cox Cable in high school, I was asked to fill in on four Islander games on radio.
fill in on four Islander games on radio. I was a senior in college in 1989. And my first game,
first NHL game was a radio broadcast Islanders in Winnipeg. Now, most people at that age or at that time in their lives, you try to get the minor league job first, and then you use those tapes
to try and get to the next level. In my case, I actually had four NHL tapes and sent them all around
and was so lucky to get hired by the Baltimore Skipjacks
of the American Hockey League, the Capitals affiliate at the time.
And two years in Baltimore, the greatest.
I wouldn't trade it in for anything.
Not only doing the broadcast, but helping out in PR and marketing and sales.
I was a terrible salesman, but I did it in the summer.
You had to do it all, right?
Anything they wanted you to do.
Go pick a player up at the airport.
Unload the equipment, right?
We had a 10-hour bus ride to Portland, Maine,
and Rick Bonas was the head coach of the Maine Mariners.
And we arrived at the arena, and there was Rick Bonas,
the opposing coach, at 8 o'clock in the morning, helping us unload the gear off the bus to bring it into the locker room for that night's game. But two years in the AHL and I know you guys played at that level and so many memories, guys that played in our team, coached.
My first year was 1991.
So our assistant coach was Barry Trotz.
And I was his roommate on the road for two years.
To save money at the minor league level,
the 22-year-old radio broadcaster was assigned to room with the 26-year-old assistant coach.
So for two years, my roommate was Barry Trotz.
The Capitals acquired a veteran defenseman named Joelel quenville oh my god on defense they
wound up sending him down to baltimore so for half the season we had barry trots and joel quenville
on the same bus 32 years later they're the second and third winningest head coaches in nhl that is
fucking insane uh i just want to go back to one of the first things you said when you were doing it early days and going around to these gymnasiums.
You said you would bring your buddies around to do color commentary.
Oh, yeah.
You must have some funny stories of bringing some of your buddies around.
Yeah, they would come along.
And then even with the Skipjacks, they didn't hire a color guy, a color commentator for radio.
So I would use injured players.
Friends would come along on occasion.
You guys are probably familiar with Dave Starman, who does college hockey.
He's one of the greatest voices in college hockey.
He's been an NHL scout.
He's a coach on Long Island.
So I knew Dave from New York.
We played pickup hockey together back in the late 80s at Sky Rink,
the old rink on the 16th floor of a building near MSG. And he said to me, if you ever need a color
analyst, he heard I got the job in Baltimore, I'll meet you wherever. So he would drive to
New Haven, Springfield, Binghamton, just to get the experience. He would meet me on the road
and do color with me. There was one game in Binghamton where the equipment wasn't working.
We had this antiquated radio equipment.
We had to set it up ourselves.
Dave and I actually called a game, handing a phone back and forth to each other.
And it was an actual rotary phone.
And we played the entire game.
At one point, he handed it to me during play and said, here, it's for you.
It looks like you should have a rotary phone in that office with that, that wood paneling. I love that old school look. I turned to my left earlier, right
before we started. So I have the wood paneling, I have newspapers and VHS tapes. I'm an organized
hoarder, but I save all of my game sheets. And the next time I have a specific team, I'll look back
and pull out some of the information so i have a file cabinet with about
95 of my actual game sheets uh spotting boards and football etc and i happen to pull out
so this is from october 11th 2006 does that date mean anything to you whit
october 11 2006 oct October 11th, 2006.
It wasn't his first game against the New York Rangers
where he scored on Lundqvist, was it?
No, because I didn't make the team out of camp.
This was Henrik's second season,
so I'm not sure if he scored on him the first year.
No, that was my rookie year, though.
06, 07.
Yes, yes.
Because I didn't make the team out of camp and then i got called up and
my first game was against the devils but my first goal was against the rangers what do you got on
them kenny what do you got goal you didn't score any of the year before i don't think so all right
so this game because i specifically have on this sheet that two of your teammates jordan stall and chris letang both scored their
first nhl goals oh so no that wasn't that was my second year then oh i i remember this game
so jordan stall and letang scored their first nhl goals in the same game i have no recollection of
that by the way good thing i saved this stuff and ryan Whitney, two goals in the third period on Hank.
You gave the Penguins a 4-3 lead assist from Crosby and Colby Armstrong.
Then Nylander tied it for the Rangers.
Then you score to make it 5-4 from Armstrong and our friend Don Moore.
Yep.
Brandon Shanahan ties it four minutes later,
and then Crosby wins it at 19- the third period a wild game holy I remember it
well because my goals were on uh ESPN top 10 and I watched it over and over and over that night I
didn't go to bed just cranking himself off I'm the man I own MSG put one on your belly button
I looked it up your first career two goal game yep and how about the other
guys that scored in this game i mentioned stall and latang jogger scored in the second period oh
my god shanahan scored in the third period and then sid scored the game winner i mean what what
a game uh crosby had a goal and three assists jogger had a goal and two assists, 6-5, Flurry and goal. But you probably can't see it, but right there in the third period,
Whitney, two goals in my final count.
Whitney, two goals, Biz.
Try that one out, buddy.
Yeah, never had one of those.
It ain't two times opening the door for somebody getting off the ice.
Yeah, last time I had a two-goal game was, I think, a novice.
And I think I might have had four in that one.
And my dad came down through the,
through his hat on the ice when I got the hat trick.
Thanks dad.
And then asked you to go get it.
Yeah,
exactly.
Uh,
one of the cool stories too is,
is in,
uh,
on your sixth birthday in 1974,
your father took you along to a New York Rangers game.
And for whatever reason,
one of the statisticians at the time had to leave the game
midway through. So you took over as the stats guy, right? So that was in Washington. And actually,
uh, I know for years it was on the internet that it was 1974, six birthday. I got it right in the
book. It was seventh birthday, 1975, because that was the capital's first season. So they wouldn't
have played in february 74
but uh we did go to washington and it was my birthday present my birthday is february 2nd so
he took me along to washington we did the you know walk by the white house took pictures you
know did some sightseeing and then i i was going to the game uh that night between the rangers and
capitals tagging along he was doing the radio with Sal Messina. And I'll never forget it. The game was delayed like two hours. The ice capades,
one of the ice shows, Disney on Ice had been in town the night before. So the ice was still
colored blue and red. They couldn't get it. They couldn't get the colors off. So they didn't face
off until about 930. So whoever the statistician was that was working the game had a really early flight the next
day.
So he left after the second period.
So I took over as a seven-year-old and wrote down the goals and the assists.
It wasn't really heavy lifting.
I had to listen to the public address announcer, but I wrote down the goals, assists, the time
of the goals.
So I guess that was my first official foray into the world of professional broadcasting, actually working at some kind of a sporting event.
What what is the most fun for you like sport to broadcast?
Because I think it's incredible. And I'm kind of curious, is there one harder than the other?
Like for you, what is your favorite? And then maybe what is the most difficult?
I get that question a lot when I see the broadcast. I'm a bad broadcast that question asker and no it's a great question basic bitch you know i always tell people
i always tell people it's like asking which kid you like best if you have four and i'm fortunate
enough to have two kids and work in four sports but growing up loved all sports um you know with
my father broadcasting hockey basketball football boxing i got to tag along to a lot of different sports.
But I always loved, I mean, hockey was probably a little bit above the others for sure.
Skated from a young age, loved playing hockey.
Growing up, we had a local rink, Twin Rinks, in Port Washington on Long Island.
And I would spend the entire weekend there.
They would have public sessions in the afternoon on Saturday.
Then they would have intramural hockey.
They would have puck shooting on a Friday night.
We would shoot against goalies.
So I spent so much time at the rink,
probably from the age of eight until about 13 or 14,
and then played on a club team in both high school and college.
But again, really loved all sports. And team in both high school and college. But again, really loved all sports.
And my goal throughout high school and college was to broadcast hockey on the radio.
That was what I wanted to do.
And again, my first jobs filling in on the Islanders, Baltimore Skipjacks, that was it.
And then, like I said, I worked a variety of sports during high school
and then got hired by the Washington Capitals at Home Team Sports in 1992.
So that was my first full time NHL job for three years, was in D.C. and also was assigned to do many other sports, college basketball, filled in on some NBA and Major League Baseball games.
Really, whatever they asked me to do, I would never say no.
So I had that variety, the experience.
And then, you know, an amazing stroke of luck for many of us in 1994,
the 94 season, but late in 93, Rupert Murdoch makes this crazy bid.
Fox didn't even have a sports department at the time.
You know, they had The Simpsons and Married with Children and a couple of those shows you guys remember.
And Rupert Murdoch makes this crazy bid for the NFC package.
CBS had had it for about 38 years.
And Fox won the bid.
They decided to hire the best of the best,
Pat Summerall and John Madden, as their top football broadcasters.
Veterans Dick Stockton and Matt Millen, a terrific number two crew.
And then the decision was we're going to hire four young play-by-play
announcers who all have a little bit of experience in the business,
and we're going to try and grow with them.
And the four of us who were hired at the time, aside from me,
it was Joe Buck, who's gone on to an unbelievable Hall of Fame career.
Kevin Harlan, who's had a great career now at CBS and Turner doing football and basketball.
And Tom Brenneman, who was at Fox for 25 plus years doing football and baseball. And it's hard
to believe that this is year 30. I had the Jaguars-Colts game to begin the NFL season on Sunday.
And, you know, that really changed all of our lives.
The fact that Fox took a chance on four young broadcasters
between the age of 25 and 32 and hired us to do NFL games back then.
So, you know, when I look back at 30 years of football,
33 years of hockey, I'm so fortunate.
You know, I've worked in Washington, Baltimore,
MSG Network, Rangers Radio now for 28 years, National Hockey on NBC and now TNT. So hockey
and football, it's like apples and oranges. I mean, they're both so great. You know, there's
nothing like the hockey playoffs and, you know, love each and every hockey game that I get to work.
And, you know, football, it's only one game a week.
There are millions and millions of viewers.
The preparation for both, I really enjoy.
Football is a lot more just because of the nature of the sport, how many players are on the teams,
and you don't do the same teams every week.
And then I also get to do about 15 basketball and 10 or 12 baseball games a year.
So I enjoy all of them.
You know, love going to many of the historic ballparks and stadiums.
But, you know, hockey and football have been the staples, I guess, ever since I started.
But hockey was the goal.
That was the original goal.
Just so lucky to call two of the last three Stanley Cup final series on TV and eight others on radio. And to be hired with the unbelievable TNT crew, you know,
with Eddie Olchek and Keith Jones the last two years,
and now Brian Boucher and the unbelievable studio team with Biz and the gang,
you know, couldn't be more excited to get started this season.
Yeah, Kenny, looking at these stats, it's incredible.
I mean, 2014, you called all the conference final games in both sides,
both East and the West, New York, L.A., Montreal, Chicago.
Do you just kind of go to robotic mode just to go from one place to the other?
Because it's so much that it just wears you down.
That was a crazy time.
And the way that all came together is I've done the Rangers radio,
like I said, since 95.
And I don't do all the games.
The MSG executives are so great about allowing me to juggle the schedule when there's a Turner assignment or a Fox assignment, but I try to get to as many as possible. And that year,
the Rangers advanced to the cup final. So after they beat Pittsburgh in the second round,
it was on to play Montreal, the series in which Cary Price was injured in the first game, the collision with Chris Prider.
Rangers win the series in six.
Hendrick was unbelievable.
One of the best games I've ever seen him play in game six to advance to the final.
But that was also the first year that I was asked by NBC to work the other conference final.
Doc Emmerich and Eddie and Pierre worked one series,
and I was asked to work the West, and it was the Kings-Blackhawks,
the seven-game series.
Alec Martinez scored the overtime winner in Game 7 in Chicago.
So, you know, all of a sudden, as the second round is moving along
and the Rangers are  they come back to beat Pittsburgh in that game seven.
They were down 3-1 in the series.
So now the schedule's come out for the conference final,
and I'm trying to figure out flights and piece it all together.
And there were a couple of off days during that stretch.
I think it was  I missed the first game in Montreal because of logistics.
It was impossible having to be in Chicago the next afternoon, but worked the last 12 games of that round, all of the games in the West and the last
five games in the East. And there were red eyes, you know, LA to New York, morning flights back to
LA, Montreal, Chicago. It all worked out. And somehow the voice stayed strong. I think the adrenaline carried me through,
but it was such an exciting time.
Then the next year, the Rangers actually got to the conference final again
and played Tampa, so there was a lot of back and forth
between New York, Tampa, Anaheim, and Chicago in 2015.
Unbelievable.
I'm shifting gears.
My buddy, so he didn't want to tell me the story,
but he said it's unbelievable.
He didn't want to ruin it for me. He said there's a Mike Bloomberg story about requesting an interview after an ALCS game. And he goes, Biz, you're going to work the post game. I was the sideline reporter.
One of the rare times I wasn't doing play by play. I was hired to do the sideline and then
the post game locker room celebration. It was the Yankees Red Sox 2003, the Aaron Boone game. I know
some of you might not want to reminisce about that one, but the Red Sox did beat them the next year.
So Aaron Boone hits the home run.
I'm down in the bowels of the old Yankee Stadium watching on about a 12-inch
black-and-white monitor with some police officers down on the locker room
clubhouse level because as soon as the game ends, it's the 11th inning,
I have to sprint to the winning locker room.
So Boone hits the home run.
I go to the left towards the Yankee clubhouse. I almost
get trampled, you know, by some of the trainers and other staff members who are running out to
celebrate out on the field when the Yankees won the game. So now I do the interviews. We have Joe
Torre up there and Mariano Rivera, some of the other Yankee folks. And it's like one in the
morning because the game went 11 innings it started at 8 30 yankee red sock
games always go four hours anyway right back then oh god yeah so we wrap it up the producers in my
year telling me to throw it back upstairs to joe buck and tim mccarver and i hear them then throw
it to the late local news they sign off they're off the air out of the corner of my eye i see
mayor bloomberg off to the side of the podium waiting.
You know, it's apparent that he probably wants to be interviewed next on national television. So
he had a PR person with him, a younger gentleman who comes up and whispers in my ear, can you
interview the mayor next? And I said, well, we're off the air. They're in the local news already.
And he says to me, can you fake it?
So he didn't want to lose his job.
So the mayor comes up and I said to the cameraman, I said, can you look into the camera, make
sure it, you know, it appears like you're recording this.
So mayor Bloomberg comes up and I have to make up questions, you know, for three or
four minutes.
And I knew he grew up in Boston and his mom was a Red Sox fan.
And now he's been the mayor of New York.
So I asked him five or six questions.
I told him it was going to be taped.
I didn't want him to think it was live at that point,
but we did the interview.
Fast forward six years later in the new Yankee stadium,
I'm in the same spot.
Post-game interviews after the Yankees angels,
Yankees clinched game six ALCS.
Now it's a much bigger platform or We're in the new clubhouse.
It was the first year of the new stadium, first or second year. And same thing. I'm doing the
interviews. Joe Girardi is the manager. I have A-Rod and CeCe Sabathia and Jorge Posada. All of a
sudden, the producer, Pete Micheska, who I just had dinner with last night, by the way, he's in my
ear saying, and I could, so I'm turned to my right,
interviewing one of the players, and I could sense somebody has come up
onto the podium, and he's right over my left shoulder.
And the producer, Pete, says to me, don't turn to your left.
Don't ask the mayor a question.
So now I'm aware that it's the mayor six years later,
and he's telling me not to ask the mayor
a question don't even turn to him now this shot was on national television the mayor's in the shot
on tv at that point on fox and it turns out that it was an election week or an election month
and if I had asked mayor Bloomberg a question, his opponent could have requested equal time on Fox on a national broadcast.
So they were well aware in the truck about the FCC equal time rule.
The mayor's people weren't happy about it.
They threatened Fox the next day that they were going to,
they thought the mayor was embarrassed because he was seen on TV
and I never turned to ask him a question.
They threatened to take away the parking spots for Fox at Yankee Stadium
for the television.
Oh, for Fox.
But once it was explained, the equal time rule,
they backed off and they understood.
But those are a couple of the stories.
This Bloomberg seems like a piece of work.
Where is he at now?
Count his money somewhere.
He could probably buy the entire network if he wanted to.
He just bought TNT. you're done kenny yeah along with i mentioned barry trotz earlier so he was my roommate during
the the years in baltimore and he still loves telling people this story 30 years later whenever
i see him if he's coaching uh or now in the future in town as the
general manager with Nashville. So I would interview either Trotsky or Rob Laird, our head
coach, prior to every game for the pregame show. And we had a game on the road somewhere and I did
a taped interview on a cassette machine with Barry. And he said something that came out funny,
whatever it was, the word didn't come out right. I didn't use it on the air.
And what I did was on the bus ride home, I played it for a couple of players.
And they got a kick out of it.
I don't remember what Barry said, but it came out wrong.
So he found out about it, of course, right?
The hockey locker room bus culture.
There are no secrets.
So Trotsky heard I was kind of making fun of whatever he said.
He said, I'll get you back one day. Don't worry about it. So about four months later,
we take our only plane trip of the season. We're going up to the Maritimes in Canada
to play like six games in eight days. So we fly all day. We had three flights. We went Baltimore
to Boston, Boston to Halifax, Halifax to Sydney. And it was a small plane, a regional jet. There
might've been five other people on it aside from the team. And we had been told that because of
all the hockey equipment, the bags, the sticks, that our personal luggage might not make it till
the next day. It might have to come on flights a day later. So we fly, it's about four in the
afternoon. We land in Sydney, Nova Scotia, really small airport.
We get off on the tarmac and I go down the steps and there's a gentleman at the bottom of the steps, an official, you know, in an official airport uniform.
And he has a clipboard and he has some names on there and he points to it.
He says, is this you?
I said, yes.
He says, come with me.
I thought he wanted me to identify what the missing luggage was going to look like so
they would know whose it was the next day.
They bring me into this small room and he starts interrogating me.
Is your passport valid? Do you know anyone that's in trouble? Do you have anything illegal in your luggage?
And I knew that I hadn't done anything, but I couldn't figure out what was going on.
And then they bring me into an unmarked car.
These two older gentlemen, there was computer me into an unmarked car. These two older
gentlemen, there was computer equipment in the front of the car. So I knew it was an official
car. It wasn't being kidnapped. And they start driving. And again, they're asking, do you know
anyone that's been arrested? Are you sure your passport's valid? And I'm not really thinking
that it's a practical joke. I have no clue what's going on. All of a sudden, they pull up to what looked like a hotel, and they said, we have one last
question.
Do you know Jimmy Wiseman, who was the longtime security chief for the Capitals?
And we all knew him.
And his brother was the police chief up in Sydney.
They set this whole thing up.
They would do it every year.
They would get somebody, a trainer, a player, a rookie broadcaster.
So the fake arrest set up by one Barry Trotz in Sydney, Nova Scotia,
back in the early 90s, lives on to this day.
You know what they say about payback.
But one other guy you worked with at that era was Keith Jones,
absolute character.
You must have some Jonesy stories because he's a beauty.
Well, Jonesy, he joined the team.
He joined the Skipjacks late in my second season calling the games.
He had played at Western Michigan, and the Capitals had a lot of draft picks,
either in college or junior, that came in at the end.
Steve Conowalchuk was another who had a long NHL career.
And I remember Jonesy sitting behind me on the bus on a couple of those trips,
and we would chat, and I called his first professional goal in 1992. scored a goal for the skipjacks first goal as a pro and I was calling it on the
radio I still have the scorecard just like yours Whit and I've showed it to Jonesy um but he he's
you know he's the absolute best you guys have had him on you've gotten to know him uh so I would see
him through the years during his playing career and then he became a broadcaster with the Flyers
so I'd bump into him and then we became colleagues at NBC he was mostly in the studio
so we didn't really work a lot together a couple of games here and there but then the last two
years with with Eddie Olchek and Jonesy have been just so much fun uh you know both in and out of
the booth um you know two great hockey people obviously you know, we're sad to lose Jonesy, but we're so happy for him and wish him all the best.
And you won't find a better person than Keith Jones.
But I was there when he scored his first goal.
Ironically, Eddie and I sort of go back even further.
In 1984, I was 16 years old and I collected autographs at the time.
And Eddie was 17 and he was on the
U.S. Olympic team that was heading to Sarajevo he was on the diaper line with Pat LaFontaine
and David Jensen they were all 16 17 years old it was the first Olympics after the miracle so
they had high expectations and for some reason I decided to write one player on that team a letter. I don't
even know where I sent it, I guess to the headquarters in either Colorado Springs or
somewhere in Minnesota. Somehow I had an address. We used to do that back in the day. We'd actually
send letters with stamps on them. And in 1984, I decided to send a letter to one Eddie Olchek at
the age of 17. And he sent me back an autographed team photo that hung on my wall
throughout the rest of my high school and college years. And sure enough, you know,
I wound up meeting him when I started broadcasting and now we're partners. So 39 years ago,
amazingly. And Eddie had a great line and he was nice enough to write a blurb,
Eddie and Jonesy both, for my book.
And Eddie started off by saying,
have you ever met anyone through the U.S. Postal Service?
Well, that's how we met 39 years ago when our broadcast partner was on TNT.
That's amazing.
The hockey world is a small world.
It's amazing.
So he was incredible back then, obviously, Edzo.
I think he was probably, what, the second best player behind mario at that age and uh he was telling me a story when we were um at tnt
that laval came to visit his parents house and they had 50 grand cash at that time and they
offered him 50k to go to laval to play with mario lemieux so there was a chance that he and then
you know his parents ended up making the decision where they're like, no, no,
we're going to do what's best for our son. And he didn't end up going,
but could you have imagined that him and him and Mario would have been
playing together?
Crazy. And he wound up coaching Mario ironically later on,
but Eddie was the third overall pick that year. It was Mario Lemieux,
Kirk Muller, Eddie Olchek.
So he was selected third by his hometown Blackhawks,
the team he grew up watching. And that year in Chicago, the Blackhawks and the Bulls
both had the third pick in the draft.
The Blackhawks selected Eddie Olchek.
The Bulls selected with the third pick Michael Jordan.
That is wild.
And as Eddie likes to say,
one of them has a statue outside the United Center.
one of them has a statue outside the United States.
Was it Fox who introduced the puck that glowed on the ice or whatever?
What were you guys thinking about that when you were calling games?
Obviously, you guys wouldn't see it, but you would look over to the TV and you'd see it?
Right.
That was David Hill, who's a brilliant man.
He's from Australia.
And he was put in place by Rupert Murdoch to run
Fox Sports along with Ed Gorin in 1993, 94. And Fox acquired the rights to the NHL in 95.
And we had it for five seasons, Doc Emmerich and John Davidson were the lead broadcast team and
Sam Rosen, Joe Micheletti. I worked with a number of analysts, Craig Simpson, Dennis Potvin,
the late Peter McNabb.
So it was a terrific time broadcasting NHL games on Fox.
Fox's motto for both football and hockey at the time was same game,
new attitude, and they like to try new things.
It was David Hill who I just mentioned.
He was the first on Fox football.
Now whatever game you watch in any sport,
you have the score up on the screen, right?
The score, the time, up in the left-hand corner normally.
That wasn't the case before that.
Fox football in 1994, thanks to David Hill, was the first time.
It's called the Fox box because he invented it.
And you watch old games from prior to that,
and the score would pop up on a graphic every so often.
But it wasn't up there continuously. And there were still some other networks then that wouldn't do it for a couple of
years because they felt like during a basketball game, for example, if a fan happens to tune in
and it's a blowout, if it's 60 to 40, that the viewers would turn the channel. So they didn't
want people to know the score right away. They wanted viewers to stick with the game.
That's a little whack.
It was David Hill who brought over the glowing puck.
He had been a longtime TV executive in Australia and England,
and they had tried it out there.
And he also saw it on some of his kids' video games,
some early version sports video games back in the 80s and 90s
where they would use all kinds of graphics and technology.
So it was ahead of its time i know a lot of people north of the border didn't like it because you know it broke from tradition but now you watch a golf match you basically see the glowing puck
the trace you watch baseball you see the glowing puck so yeah david hill was ahead of his time by
a generation.
My feeling back then was if it helps the viewers who aren't used to watching a puck go around the rink, then why not?
Right.
But now you see it in so many sports.
Yeah.
It's funny when you watch old games, just the scoreboards and like,
you would have to wait until halftime of the NFL game just to find out
the other scores around the world.
Now you get them instantaneously.
Now we're bitching about digital boards.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. What's next, Kenny?ny or clean boards white boards nothing on the ice the players looked a lot slower
right yeah uh ken was that was there any piece of advice your dad gave you about the business that
really like was a great piece that like you kind of i guess guided you through your career you know
there really wasn't one specific piece of advice that he gave me, you know, he, he, it wasn't like he would sit me down and hold lessons. It was mostly learning via osmosis by watching and listening. The biggest
thing I learned from him though, is the preparation. I would see it at home. I would see it when I
would travel with him in hotels and on airplanes. He was always doing something, reading, uh,
writing notes, preparing the charts. And that And that's the biggest thing that I learned.
And I'm an over-preparer.
You know, I'm the same way that he was.
I feel like that's one of the most important aspects of this job.
You know, a typical football game, it's probably 20, 30, 40 hours a week of preparation.
Now, that includes going to practices and talking to players and coaches
and having the production meetings. But Monday to Thursday, we're on our own, you know, watching
each team's previous game, preparing charts, reading, going through statistics. Hockey and
basketball, you know, it's not the volume of hours because in football, there's over 50 players on
each team. It's different teams every week. With hockey, we've become so familiar with the teams.
They play three or four games a week.
We're watching.
We're working other games.
So we are preparing, but it's not the volume of hours that goes into it,
similar to a football broadcast.
Did he say, don't even think of going in my catchphrase?
I mean, yes.
That was his big goal for the year.
People ask me once in a while to do it for them, but that's his thing.
You know, people go up to him, you know, on airplanes, in men's rooms, at airports, you know,
and he'll ask them to do it if they bring it up to him, and he'll grade them on it.
I think he would have given you an A on that one.
Oh, well, thank you. That's pretty good, R.A.
Thanks, appreciate it.
I never really, you know, tried to steal any catchphrase.
You know, back in the day, there were some T-shirts made up with team logos and yes. That was pretty good, R.A. Thanks. Appreciate it. I never really tried to steal any catchphrase.
Back in the day, there were some T-shirts made up with team logos and yes.
So I would wear the T-shirts, but never would try to mimic the catchphrase. Kenny, any legendary maybe fuck-ups by you on air or anything?
Or maybe something that sticks out like, oh boy.
Yeah, I hope not.
You hate to make mistakes, but it
happens. It's a live sporting event
and you might mention
a wrong name or fact or
statistic, but
I think you have to be human
about it and correct it. People realize that you're
not perfect. There are some funny stories.
I mentioned earlier calling a game
through the phone.
On one occasion, I remember a hockey game in L.A.,
I felt the hiccups coming on.
And you never know, right?
You never know when it's going to come out.
So, you know, we all have the cough button.
They call it the cough button in front of us to knock the microphone off.
So, you know, I would try to reach for the cough button
so the hiccups hopefully wouldn't go out on the air.
One of my claims to fame might be that I worked a 20-inning baseball game
and never went to the bathroom, never left the booth to go to the men's room.
Were you holding that the whole time?
The whole time, six hours and 45 minutes.
I could have gone between innings.
Now, in hockey and basketball and football, you have the intermission,
the halftime, between periods, so you can go.
In baseball, you only have two minutes if you're the play-by-play guy,
so you don't have a lot of time.
Never felt like I had to go, and you don't expect the game to go that long.
We had the four-overtime game this year, Carolina-Florida.
I know, Biz, you guys were in the studio.
Yeah, like I was going to say, so baseball must be tough because there's just so much dead air right so you actually asked me that
earlier about the most difficult sport the easiest sport and i got sidetracked along the way but um
people always ask me and they think hockey would be the hardest to do play by play easy for me it's
the easiest it's like riding a bike i've done it because it's so fast too so fast done it for 33 years so on radio and i love i'm so you know fortunate that i still get
to do some radio because it brings me back to the early days that's where you learn the
fundamentals you're calling the game you have to be so descriptive you know biz i know you did it
in in you know with the coyotes for a while i loved it announcer has been so descriptive you have to give the time and score a lot more than on the tv side um on the television broadcast you know you
can talk a little bit less leave more time for the color analysts to come in so to me hockey is the
easiest people think i'm crazy because of all the uh changes on the fly the pronunciations the
european players but you just you, you pick it up pretty quick.
Basketball, similar to hockey, but it's slower.
It's 48 minutes of continuous action, but more stoppages with whistles and fouls.
Football, to me, is the most rhythmic.
It's one play, and then it's 20 or 25 seconds.
It's another play, 20 or 25 seconds. Now, for 10 years, I worked with Moose Johnston and Tony Saragusa,
the late Tony Saragusa, who was the absolute best,
one of the most fun guys to be around.
Biz, you would have loved him.
You just would have loved him.
Live life to its fullest.
Would always want to be, when we had free time,
out doing some crazy activity.
But he was our third member of the crew,
but he wasn't in the booth with us. He was down on the field, similar to Jonesy, Boosh, Pierre Maguire, when that second analyst is down at ice level between the benches. And you don't have that, uh, verbal communication with them where you could turn to your right and see them and give each other some hand signals. So it's a challenge and really learned a lot during those years about leaving more time for the analyst or for Goose to come in from the field.
But football, you know, I set up the play, I call the play, I wrap up the play,
and then I get out of the way to let the analyst come in.
Baseball to me is the most challenging because you have all that downtime,
and I don't do that many games.
Not as much downtime this year with the pitch clock.
So that's helped out a little bit.
I've called other sports boxing, which is a lot different.
There's no ball or puck.
I've been assigned to call some track.
There's nothing you'll say no to.
You'll do it all.
You know what?
I learned that early on that.
Don't say no.
The more versatile you are,
the more people that might want you to call an event.
Now, the one sport that I felt like I had no clue
when I was watching, I was about 26, 27 years old,
working in DC, and I was assigned
to a college wrestling match.
And I did all the homework and I watched some other events
and I actually spoke to an Olympic wrestler.
If you guys remember Jeff Blatnick,
I was connected with him,
spoke on
the phone for a half hour so we start luckily i had a great color analyst with me who had been
a wrestler i was the traffic cop i would give the names their record that season where they're from
what year in school and then when when the match started i had no clue so this guy took over and
he was great they're grappling down there you like, and he's got his ball.
It's growing, I mean.
I had no idea.
Now, for some of the other sports, I've actually purchased track and field for dummies, volleyball for dummies, horse racing for dummies to start the preparation.
When I was assigned to volleyball at the Olympics a couple of years ago, I actually sat down with our local high school girls volleyball coach.
And I said to her, teach me everything, the strategy, the rules, the history. And it was a
tremendous, tremendous help, a great lesson in learning a new sport. Kenny, I was, I was going
to get a pickleball court put in my backyard and I was going to throw like an annual pickleball
tournament. Would you by chance, maybe you want to call it one year i played two times this
summer so okay i've played three times in my life uh but if you have a pickleball tournament i don't
know what your day rate is i don't know if i can afford it but just maybe you know send me a send
me an invoice i'll see if we can cover it from the barstool sports just give me pickle ball for dummies yeah oh that's so um what type of advice would you have for any
young broadcasters coming up and there's some there's some unbelievable young guys in the
pipeline but just advice that you would give if anybody wants to do it oh there are some great
young broadcasters who are working in the nhl around the minor leagues and um i hear from a
lot of them throughout the year and listen to some of
their work. And, you know, the biggest advice, you know, there's a couple of different points,
get as much experience as you can, whether it's in high school, college, you know, these days,
when I was in college, we had the radio station at my school and that was it. And we had a fight
for airtime with the DJs, with the music shows. Now, if you're at a college, you can broadcast
games over the internet.
I did a QA at Seton Hall University in New Jersey yesterday and went over to visit the radio station. And they were telling me about all the different sports they do on the radio station,
on the internet, volleyball, soccer, lacrosse, basketball, baseball. So there are just so many
ways to get involved. And also behind the scenes jobs as well.
You know, on a typical NFL game that I work,
there's probably 75 people involved in that broadcast,
the NHL games biz that we do on TNT.
Not only do you have the announcers, but you have the producer, the director,
the cameramen and women, the graphics folks, the replay producers. I can go on and on.
On a personal note, my daughter, who studied communications in college at Syracuse,
had a great internship with the athletic department. She would be involved in editing
highlights at sporting events at Syracuse that they would then put out there on the school's
Instagram and Twitter, on social media. And she's now working at the NHL office in New York
as a video editor slash producer. So it's not only for the broadcasters.
There are so many jobs out there in sports, at various networks, behind the scenes as well.
But the biggest advice would be just do as much as you can.
Internships, college radio stations, college newspapers, podcasting, whatever it might be.
In front of the camera, in front of the mic, behind the scenes, just do as much as you can. And then I was going to follow up with like,
as far as like iconic games that you've called, what do you think would be your, your, your
pinnacle, your number, your number one, where not only just a great game, but maybe it was a
championship, like the call itself. There are a couple that you guys might not, uh, you know,
they might not be the ones that come to the top of your
head at first but i assume you're a blue jays fan biz yeah yeah joe carter joe carter well more
recently i had the bautista call the home run bat flip no way i was there for that one and ironically
i do less baseball than the other sports that's the one that i get asked about the most when i
speak to a lot of these broadcasting camps, college students.
People ask me all the time about that Bautista game back in 2015.
Hockey, I mean, two men and a name.
You know, the last two, two of the last three Stanley Cup finals
with NBC, Tampa Bay, Montreal.
And then this year, of course, with Vegas and Florida, you know,
getting to call the Stanley Cup on national TV in the U.S. is, you know, just such a huge thrill
and career highlight. Was actually on the call for NHL radio in 94, the Rangers Canucks,
when the Rangers won for the first time in 54 years. And then I've worked six Winter Olympics
for NBC, men's and women's ice hockey. And the
one that stands out is the women's gold medal game in 2018. I was in Pyeongchang, South Korea,
with AJ Malesko and Pierre Maguire, and we called the gold medal game. Canada had won the previous
four Olympics, and the US won this one in a shootout, defeated Canada to win the gold. So
that's right up there. Football, I've had a number of memorable games.
Once worked a Sugar Bowl game with Terry Bradshaw and Howie Long
as my analysts, Notre Dame LSU.
There was a New Orleans-San Francisco playoff game in 2012.
Four touchdowns the last four minutes, Drew Brees and Alex Smith
going back and forth up and down the field.
But then I have certain moments uh not
not necessarily full games but i had if you guys remember terrell owens stomping on the cowboy star
oh yeah that game that's awesome i did michael vick early in his career he had an iconic 46 yard
overtime touchdown run in minnesota zigzagging his way up the field. I had the
Victor Cruz 99 yard touchdown from Eli Manning for the Giants against the Jets on their way to
the Super Bowl. Actually called the Super Bowl. It was the international feed, the world feed.
So it wasn't on in the U.S. And again, if I have a feeling some of you might be Patriots fans,
but it was the Giants PatriPatriots Super Bowl XLVI,
but had the opportunity to call a Super Bowl for other countries, not the U.S.
In hockey, just so many memorable games, playoff games, overtime, Game 7s,
that four-overtime game this year, have done a number of triple-overtime games.
So, again, too many to name, but the Bautista game, the cup final games,
some of the other ones that I mentioned, the U.S. Olympic women winning the gold in 2018.
Actually, last year, and again, I keep  I'm not even doing this on purpose, guys.
I've already brought up the Red Sox-Yankees.
I brought up, you know, a couple of other Boston events.
But I actually worked last year the crazy ending,
the Patriots in Las Vegas with the laterals
and the Chandler Jones interception right at the end of the game,
one of the wildest endings in NFL history.
I don't know what game that is.
You guys know what it is?
Oh, yeah.
It was almost like the Stanford band game,
kind of like just the craziness at the end of it. I actually mentioned the stanford band during the call it was a tie game biz it was
tied with about 10 seconds left about to go to overtime and the patriots on the last play start
laddering lateraling the ball one of the players i think thought they were losing forgot that it
was tied and the last lateral wound up getting intercepted
by chandler jones of the raiders and he brought it back for a touchdown oh no it was a coach was
it a night game or was it a four o'clock four o'clock yeah bella check was the coach was he
losing his mind oh i'm sure i'm sure it was last year right it was last year oh that was oh shit
okay i didn't know it was a season game yeah and then
speaking of speaking of vegas biz uh we had a great night with the entire tnt crew going to
david blaine show business oh yeah so so how do you how do you know or your daughter works for him
my sister or sister sister sister yeah works for david blaine the magician illusionist so
we took the whole crew hank and liam and ans. How about Pete Davidson was there and he was, he was up on stage.
Davidson was there with his buddies, like do at a bachelor party.
And he got called up by David Blaine. He was hilarious.
He was for five minutes. He was making everybody laugh.
How about when our group went down and we got to see the tricks, you know,
the card tricks from close range in person. Oh yeah. This guy is nuts.
It's crazy. Like, you just like, how do from close range in person. Oh, yeah. This guy is nuts. It's crazy.
Like, how do they do it?
Like, how do they pull this stuff off?
He's like two feet in front of you.
This was three inches away from him.
It's crazy.
But he's also doing like mind over matter stuff where he's putting his body
through things that most people just can't.
And I don't think that that's not necessarily magic.
It's just he just somehow tricks his mind to not.
It's an illusion.
There's no pain there.
10 minutes in a water tank, not breathing.
Yeah, he did 10 straight minutes in the water tank
by just getting these deep breaths beforehand.
R.A., you were laughing your ass off there a couple seconds ago.
What was so funny?
The David Blaine stuff?
Oh, no.
Just it's crazy.
I hung out with a magician late night on the Cape
one time. I'll never forget. He put a
penny in my hand. He said, close your hand.
He tapped my wrist and I opened it up and it was a diamond
there. It was like, how
do people do this shit? Yeah, we saw similar
things with cards, right? With you
and Henrik, he would flip
cards. Yeah, it
just doesn't make any sense how how quick they are with
their hands and i couldn't even imagine how many reps it takes to master all that but uh yeah hands
like hands like witty on the pp well the crazy thing is sometimes too like if they i mean i guess
they don't they don't give away their tricks but i've had a buddy show me like it's pretty simple
once you see how they do it, but it just looks so ridiculous.
It's it's it's unbelievable. I didn't know that about.
Are you just are you just sports, sports, sports?
Like what do you do as a hobby? Like what do you do in your spare time?
That's a good question. I enjoyed the summer when I had a lot of free time, worked a couple of baseball games here and there,
but actually snuck away on vacation during the all-star break
with my wife last year for the i think the first time ever we went down to cancun i had four or
five days um in the summer i like the first time she heard your real voice you're like you're like
what do you want to talk about honey that might have been uh but enjoy playing tennis did play
pickleball a couple of times this year uh you know, watching TV, movies. But when things get going, it's, you know, it's a lot of, you know, I always tell people
from October through, you know, May, it's absolutely crazy.
October, November, December, the football, hockey crossover, some basketball as well.
So it's mostly work.
But and my wife likes to tell people this too, you know, there's so much work and travel involved, but I've never, I never feel like I'm working. I've never felt like I've worked a day in my life, which is, which is a great feeling. You know, sometimes the early morning travel, you know, might get a little old, but no, I mean, we, you know, we did a lot of family stuff over the summer, went to a couple of weddings, went to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
One of my former partners, Ronde Barber, was inducted, which was a great weekend.
You know, with two kids, they're 24 and 20.
And I grew up around it with my father and his crazy schedule.
So I was totally used to it.
When my kids were young, I was barely here on weekends, probably away 48 out of 52 weekends a year.
But they got used to it.
My wife's been so great about the schedule for we've been married now 27 years.
Although we joke, I've only been present for about 14 of the 27.
That's why you're still married.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So they've all been great about it. And I would try when my kids were young during the week, I was around more often than most
parents would be who go to an office somewhere.
I might have games at night, occasional travel, but I would try to drive to school, pick up,
go to various activities during the week.
When my older daughter was two, we signed up for this sports class where she would roll
around the mat and kick a soccer ball and et cetera.
And I think it was myself and 14 moms who probably wonder why this guy not
work.
How is he able to bring his kid to this class every Monday at one o'clock?
Watch the soap operas with him.
We had a,
we had Joe Buck on once and he had us dying laughing,
talking about how every fan base says he hates their team.
Right.
And it's kind of a deal,
a thing I think that you guys,
you play-by-play guys deal with.
Have you caught heat from fan bases always complaining
that you're rooting against us?
Oh, absolutely.
With social media, you know, you can't hide from it.
And all sports fans think that the announcers hate their team
when it's a national game.
Fans are so provincial, and I get it because I do the Rangers
and I do a bunch of Knicks games, so I work on the local side as well.
You know, Biz, you know from the Coyotes days.
But fans love their local announcers, and they should.
You know, those are the voices they're hearing on most of the games.
So when the national guys come in for a Wednesday TNT game, for example,
that's not on, you know, whether it's MSG or Nesson or any of the, you know, the local regionals,
we're 50-50. We're calling the game right down the middle. They're used to hearing 70-30 or 80-20.
You know, in football, it's different because there are no team announcers on television.
On radio, yes, but every football game is on one of the national networks.
But they still think we're rooting against their team.
So I'll hear from fans in various cities.
You know, I'll even convince people when they ask me about it.
You know, Troy Aikman's not rooting against the Giants if they're playing the Cowboys.
I know for a fact I've worked with him.
He's calling the game right down the middle, 50-50.
You know, the one time I do have to kind of remind myself
is when I am doing a Rangers game on TNT or NBC back in the day.
I do have to remind myself to get just as excited when the other team scores
because I am affiliated with the Rangers.
So it is a conscious conversation that I have with myself.
But, no, I get it.
Again, fans love their local announcers.
And I think when it really comes into play in hockey, basketball,
and baseball is after that first round of the playoffs.
In hockey and basketball, the local announcers still do the first round on TV.
And that's one of the beauties of radio.
The radio announcers go all the way through to the cup final.
It's pretty
funny to look at some of the comments. We don't take
too many of them
seriously. We also get blamed
as broadcasters
for shutouts
ending for no-hitters.
If you mentioned there are no-hitters.
I would just be stirring the pot.
He has a Mr. Bird going 700 years.
Looks like he's going to get a shutout here.
10 minutes left.
Not really facing much traffic.
I wish that I had the power from hundreds of feet away to affect what goes
on on the ice,
but I really don't.
Uh,
you mentioned Troy Aikman.
He must be a blast.
I've been so lucky to work with over 200 analysts in the various sports.
And I worked three or four
games with troy uh the consummate professional great guy three-time super bowl champion you know
when i worked with his teammate moose johnston for 10 years who was the fullback on those great
dallas teams moose and tony siragusa just the amount of respect they would get when they would
walk into a team locker room or a meeting with a coach. They were both Super Bowl champions, great players, pro bowlers.
I worked three years with Rondae Barber, who's now in the Hall of Fame.
Now I'm working with Jonathan Vilma, who was a terrific player,
Super Bowl champion with the Saints.
I've worked games through the years with Joe Namath and Terrell Davis
and Dan Fouts, and I mentioned Howie Long and Terry Bradshaw,
so many other Hall of Famers.
And it's just great to soak in the knowledge from them
and listen to their conversations with some of the players and coaches.
You know, we would meet with Brett Favre, for example,
before a football game.
We have meetings with players and coaches prior to every game.
And he would sit there for 45 minutes minutes and he was the most regular guy.
And he'd be telling stories about fishing and hunting and his family and,
you know, meetings with Peyton Manning and Eli Manning and Aaron Rogers.
Last year, we had a Buccaneers game in Cleveland.
Tom Brady sat with us for a half an hour.
No shit.
Sometimes when it's a home game, you know, they have places to be after practice.
They have family stuff, but when they're on the road and they're just in a hotel,
they're a little more relaxed.
And Brady sat with us for a half hour that day in Cleveland.
Peyton Manning has a photograph in memory.
And he's one of those guys that meets you one time,
remembers your name five years later.
And funny story.
So I'm in Denver with Eddie Olchek this past playoff. We had game seven of the Kraken Avalanche and Seattle wound up winning the game. So it's about 20 minutes before the game and I've met Peyton five or six times. We've had production meetings with him. Don't know him well, but I've sat with him in these meetings on occasion.
on occasion. And I walk out of the booth to go get a soda right behind in the back part of the press box. And all of a sudden there's Peyton Manning. He was walking back through the press
box to get to the owner's suite. He was sitting up there for the game. And I stuck out my hand
to shake his hand. And before I had a chance to say anything, he said, hi, Kenny, Peyton Manning.
He actually introduced himself to me. Like, I don't know who he is, but that's one of the
great things about him is he's just so down to earth and actually introduced himself when I ran
into him at that Avalanche game. When you're sitting with Tom Brady, were you guys just
talking normal stuff? Are you guys asking him football questions about these crazy games that
he's been through and experiences? Because that's a modern day legend right there. Yeah. It was, it was mostly football, you know,
about the game the next day. And but it's funny, you know,
you kind of scope out the situation, see what kind of mood they're in.
You know, I'll get to a Belichick story in a minute, but you know,
if they seem like they're rushed and want to kind of wrap it up, you know,
you don't go certain places, but you don't go full court.
Right. He was loose. Plus he is, he was already signed with Fox. want to kind of wrap it up you know you don't go certain places you don't go full court right
he was already signed with fox he's supposed to start doing games next year so our crew joked to
them about you know being a colleague in the future you know not necessarily with us but with
with fox uh with one of the other crews most likely but uh um i said you think he's gonna
follow through with that like he's gonna be
calling games next year isn't it like 100 million or 200 million or something too um
i think it's 37 million a year from what i read so jesus christ so anyway i'm schlepping it up for
for cross country every week for fucking business looking for like free chipotle
i can't even win a fucking ball my own ball hockey tournament you might bump into him on a flight who
knows anyway i i've done my research that week and and i read somewhere that uh i don't have
the exact numbers but i read that this was his i think seventh career game against cleveland
and he had faced six different
starting quarterbacks in the games against the Cleveland Browns. So the situation presented
itself. And I said to him, all right, I got some trivia for you. You've played the Browns six
times. Who are the six starting quarterbacks? And he actually got four or five of them off the top
of his head. It was pretty impressive. That is impressive. That is impressive.
What was the Belichick story oh yeah so with belichick i've probably done seven or
eight patriots games through the years they're primarily on cbs on fox once in a while so you
just know going into the meeting he's not going to give you much about his current team, about X's and O's in strategy. See, you know not to ask those questions.
So my analyst last year, Jonathan Villma, had a good relationship with him because before
he was drafted in 2004, he met with Belichick at the Combine and they took a liking to each
other, even though he never played for him.
So Jonathan loosened him up a little bit with a couple of questions about the game.
But I've been around him a couple of times where if you ask him a historical question about his time with the Giants, with Lawrence Taylor, or his time at the Naval Academy when his dad was a
coach there and he was a ball boy tagging along. If you ask him the historical question, he'll give
you a great story and sit there for a half hour. So they were playing the Lions, and the Patriots wound up winning the game last year, 29-0.
Bailey Zappi was the quarterback that afternoon for New England.
So I said to Bill, I said, you're playing the Lions this weekend, and I know that your
first full-time coaching job in the NFL, you had been an intern with the Baltimore Colts
the year before.
full-time coaching job in the NFL.
He had been an intern with the Baltimore Colts the year before.
I said, I know in 1975 you were an assistant special teams coach with the Lions.
What do you remember?
What are the highlights from that year?
Figuring maybe he'd give us a good story that we can use on the game.
And sure enough, he went into this entire story about all of his memories
coaching on the offensive side of the ball.
He was the assistant special teams and helped out with the tight ends.
So he wasn't always a defensive coach.
And he talked to us for about 20 minutes about how much he learned
about defense that year by coaching the offense
and learning from the defensive coaches.
And then he told a story, which I had never heard this before.
It was incredible.
He said, we were the first team to ever use two tight ends on the field
at the same time with Detroit in 1975. They drew up this before. It was incredible. He said, we were the first team to ever use two tight ends on the field at the same time with Detroit in 1975. They drew up this formation. He was one of the coaches.
And he said to this day, over 40, 45 years later, they refer to that formation as,
the name of that formation is Detroit because he was with the Lions that year.
And for how many years have we seen, you know,
whether it was Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez
and then Gronkowski and other tight ends later on,
we've seen the two tight ends on the field
have great success for New England,
but it all came, it all started with that Lions team in 1975.
So if you go in well-prepared with three or four questions,
not about the current Patriots,
but about some of the historical stuff,
he'll give you great answers.
Doesn't he?
He's a big,
he loves like reading like old war books too.
Doesn't he?
He's a big on the history of the United States.
He is.
And he's a hockey fan.
So Dave Maloney is my partner on Rangers radio biz.
I know,
you know,
his brother,
Don.
Yeah.
Awesome.
GM smart guy. he could squeeze a
nickel so tight the beaver will shit well and especially for the coyotes I'm proud to through
the years with the coyotes right now with Calgary but great family I've known them forever work with
Dave now for 19 years so uh I was once going to do a Patriots game years ago and Dave told me
he said,
I doubt Bill Belichick remembers this, but when he was an assistant coach with the Giants,
he came to skate with us with the Rangers.
Dave was the captain of the Rangers, and they practiced at Rye Playland in Westchester.
And he said, Bill came with us to skate, and then he came to the bar with us after practice.
So sure enough, again, I kind of scoped out the situation.
We were done with Belichick.
This is 10 or 12 years ago.
And as he's walking out of the room, I said, by the way, coach,
I don't know if you remember Dave Maloney,
former captain of the Rangers back in the day.
He says hello.
He sends regards.
And Bill's face lit up.
He said, oh, tell Dave I said hello.
I had a great day skating with the Rangers, you know, back 30 years ago.
So he remembered.
If you could get him to crack a smile, you should have had the Nobel Peace Prize.
When I mentioned that, he then said to me, he mentioned Chris Kreider,
who grew up in the same hometown, I guess, that Bill lived in at one point.
So he said to me, oh, speaking of the Rangers, how's Chris Kreider, who grew up in the same hometown, I guess, that Bill lived in at one point. So he said to me, oh, speaking of the Rangers, how's Chris Kreider doing?
So he's still following his hockey.
That's awesome.
Grinelli sent over some cool notes on your career and stuff just leading into this interview.
And one of the things mentioned a cool Mark Messier leadership story.
So this was back in the late 90eties when Mark was with the Rangers and it was one of my
first couple of years with the team. And it was late December. The team was on a road trip to
Western Canada and we were in Vancouver. We had an off day and then there was a game in Edmonton
the next night. Now back then the Rangers had so many former Edmonton Oilers on the team. They had Messier, Kevin Lowe, Craig McTavish, Charlie Huddy, Adam Graves, Jeff Bukabum.
I'm not sure if they were all there on this particular day, but there were five or six
guys on this Ranger team who had family or friends in Edmonton.
So the team was scheduled to fly in the afternoon, and then all the former Oilers had plans to
meet up with,
with friends and family that night.
So we get on the charter in Vancouver,
the team plane and the pilot gets on and he says,
there's a bit of a mechanical issue. They're going to get another part,
but it's going to take four hours. So we just have to sit and wait.
So the team, you know, traveling director arranged,
he checked out the commercial flights from Vancouver to Edmonton.
And he said,
uh,
we're able to get six plane tickets.
So the former Oilers who have plans tonight,
you guys can go on a commercial flight from Vancouver.
The flight's in an hour and then we'll meet you there.
And the captain stood up and he said,
we traveled as a team.
Either we all go or none of us go. And they waited.
They waited for the airplane part to get there and,
and probably missed their plans that night in Edmonton.
Jeep is bad. I can, I want to ask them,
what's the biggest upset you ever watched,
whether you call the game or just as a, as a audience member observing it,
what's the biggest upset in sports that you've ever seen?
Wow. That's a great question. I've never gotten that one before.
There was a bowl game I called it was Alabama and Utah.
And it was a sugar bowl. The second sugar bowl that I worked,
Nick Saban coaching Utah,
they were heavy favorites and a couple of offense wound up getting hurt in the
first quarter.
And Utah took a 17-0
lead or a 21-0 lead and went on to win the game pretty easily. So that might be the biggest one
that I could think of. I mean, I've worked football games that were probably big upsets
through the years, but that's probably the biggest one that comes to mind that I worked,
the Utah-Alabama Sugar Bowl game. You ever met a president of the United States of America?
I met George Bush senior. There's actually a picture behind me. My father was one of the hosts of the baseball pregame show on NBC back in the late eighties. And George Bush had played
baseball at Yale. He was a big baseball fan. So they arranged an interview at the white house.
So they were going to do an
interview in the Oval Office. And my whole family came along, my mother, my younger brother, younger
sisters. And we took a White House tour, never expected to meet the president. And then at the
end of the day, when they were wrapping up the interview, somebody came and got us and called
us in. And he said, the president wants to meet you. And we took a photo, which I have behind me. He was such a gentleman.
Funny story out of that one, actually. So my younger brother, who's six years younger than
me, he was in high school at the time. And the next day he went back to school and told his
teacher where he was. And she believed him because she knew, you know, she knew that our father was
a sportscaster and that he wasn't making up a story that he went to the White House.
But as a joke, she took an absentee slip that they used to have to fill out in high school and sent a letter to the White House.
It said, Dear President Bush, Brian Albert tells me he was at the White House with you yesterday.
If that's the case, can you please send this absentee clip and
mail it back to us? That's how they used to do it?
Sure enough, a couple of weeks later,
it came back to the high school.
It said,
Brian was with me. Please excuse
the absence. George Bush.
That is so fucking cool.
You're like the Forrest Gump of sports.
Unreal. You have a story for anything.
It feels like it.
You know, working with so many analysts through the years,
a couple of friends tell me that I have a photo for everything on my phone.
When Jimmy Buffett passed away last week,
I have a photo with him and Bill Moss,
who was my partner that game on the field in New Orleans.
He's a big Saints fan.
So I pulled up a picture with Jimmy Buffett.
I have a picture with Taylor Swift.
She was sitting two seats over.
I was calling a Knicks game,
and the celebrities sit right next to the TV area.
So I got a picture with her at halftime.
So you never know what might pop up on the phone.
I have a great picture with Biz and Henrik Lundqvist
from the David Blaine show.
Yeah, just don't hand it over to Babcock. Yeah, don't comment on the phone. I have a great picture with Biz and Henrik Lundqvist from the David Blaine show. Just don't hand it over to Babcock.
Yeah.
Don't comment on that one.
You guys probably know more details than I do.
Yeah.
Kenny, sorry to put you on the spot
there, buddy. I jammed you up a little bit.
He's like, keep me out of this, Biz.
He's like, gotta go.
Yeah.
I told my dad we were interviewing and he said yeah he said you
are fantastic runs in the family tell him tell him like you're a big fan i just want to pass that
along and you mentioned uh how how he long and uh chris cry they actually both uh lived in this town
i'm charlestown how he grew up here till he was like 15 and cried left as a young kid so uh in
that vein i got a boston trivia question for you uh Who's the only guy to play for the Red Sox, Bruins, Celtics, and Patriots?
In the four-sport vein.
He played for all three teams?
It's the organist.
It's the organist, right?
Yeah, John Kiley.
Yeah, it's a little trick question.
Yeah, John Kiley played for all four Boston teams.
Good job.
They have that same trivia question in New York about the former organist
at Yankee Stadium.
Eddie Layton also played for the Knicks and Rangers,
played the organ for all three teams.
How good do you think you would be at sports jeopardy?
Do you think you'd be that?
Who's the guy who ended up going on that crazy run?
Pretty good.
You know, I probably wouldn't be, you know,
in the top 10 or 20 because there are some people out there
with crazy minds who study this stuff all the time.
But, no, I would do pretty well.
I would do very well.
You know, I've been doing the Puk Doku.
Have you guys been doing that?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I get shriveled on there.
When my name's one of the picks, they don't have a picture for me.
It's just a peasant, peasant look for me.
What's going on?
But, no, I'm pretty good.
Did you like that, Biz?
I got the right answer from R.A.'s question there about the organist.
Oh, yeah, you're buzzing.
Yeah, I figured there's not much that you don't know about sports.
You didn't think I would get that one.
No, I wasn't surprised that you nailed it.
Now, here's one of my favorite sports trivia questions,
and he just passed away recently.
Who's the only person to play on an NBA championship team
as a player
and coach in a Super Bowl as a head coach.
What?
It's from way back.
Did you repeat that play as a...
Played for an NBA
championship team.
Head coach in actually multiple
Super Bowls.
What the hell?
No clue.
I'll give you a hint.
Minnesota.
Bud Grant?
Bud Grant.
You got it.
Nice.
He's in the NBA?
Bud Grant was actually, he didn't play much,
but he was on the Minneapolis Lakers back in the early 1950s as a player
and then coached in the NFL.
Wow.
Did you grow up in Port Washington?
I did.
I did.
Port Washington stands point from when I was five or six right through high school
and then still went back in the summers during college.
When I was prepping for the interview, a couple of names jumped out at me,
guys who are from the hometown.
Burt Young, Paulie from Rocky from that neck of the woods. You ever meet him by any chance you live there at one point and uh well citizen
kane himself william randolph hurst he was a uh port washington guy too huh yeah we had we had
bjorn borg at one point the tennis star oh yeah yeah he lived before washington we had a lot of
the 1986 mets don't please you can. You kill me with this stuff.
You've won three.
You've won three since then.
But a lot of the 86 Mets,
some of the Islanders live in the area
and some of the neighboring towns.
But it was a great place to grow up.
I haven't lived there in a long time.
I've been over in Jersey,
across two bridges for the last 24 years,
but did grow up in Port Washington.
Okay, so you've been so generous with your time. My last 24 years, but did grow up in Port Washington. Okay. So you've been so generous
with your time. My last one is who was the most starstruck person you've ever met? Like when you
met them, you were like, ah, like you got jammed up. You've met all these famous people, Taylor
Swift, you named them all. Well, when I was about 14 or 15, it was Wayne Gretzky. He was the first
one. And I have a picture behind me from that first meeting. And now,
you know, how lucky are both of us? And he wrote one of the forwards, he wrote one of the forwards
to my book along with Walt Clyde Frazier. But I'll never forget, never forget the first time
meeting Wayne. But you know, a number of other, I had the good fortune of meeting a lot of pro
athletes when I was young, due to my father and my uncles. So whether it was Dr. J, Julius Irving, getting to meet him on a number of occasions. I actually
have, I mentioned the photos. I have a photo with Andre the Giant. I was about 15 or 16 years old.
So I actually have a photo with Andre the Giant.
R.A. has an iconic photo. Isn't it your Instagram or your Twitter photo?
It's on me. It's on my Instagram. If you go to it. Yeah. Like we used an iconic photo. Isn't it your Twitter photo? It's on my Instagram if you go to it.
Yeah, like we used to go backstage with a Boston guy who used to have wrestling.
They would go to the garage, and we would be able to hang out there after.
And we got pictures with him when I was like 9, 10 years old.
And, I mean, I got one picture.
He's looking down at me, and I was like a 10-year-old kid.
He's staring right into the camera, and he's smiling because Andre the Giant
didn't smile all that much.
I have a bunch of wrestlers.
I have pictures with Andre, Ric Flair. Oh flair oh man when i was in high school um i think i have one with sergeant
slaughter from back in the day and uh a couple of others but andre andre's the big one the one
that ra's got so cool because you were a kid and you were he was you know walking and he had the
towel over his head and all right you said he just loved kids, right?
And that's why he smiled.
So you looked up and you snapped this photo with his,
what do you call those old cameras?
I'm going to get you with the Kodak disc.
I'm going to get you.
I'm not going to miss it.
I mean, R.A., it's an iconic photo, buddy.
Yeah, it is good shit, man.
It really was.
Ken, I know you just mentioned your book again.
I want to mention again for the listeners, A Mic for All Seasons,
my three decades announced in the NFL, NHL, NBA, MLB, and Olympics.
What date in October does it drop?
Well, first of all, thanks for mentioning it and giving it a plug.
One of the biggest challenges was the editing process.
I wrote it myself, no ghostwriter, which I wanted to do.
It was my voice, my stories, a lot of fun.
My wife and kids were a big help in the editing process
and coming up with some stories.
One of my biggest challenges is the N's, the S's, and the T's in your name.
That's a lot.
There's a lot going on, buddy.
Exactly.
Two of each.
That's easy to remember.
That's why I failed my SATs.
I still don't know how to spell it.
Well,
the SNT,
right?
But you're,
and I had to actually Google you to make sure,
to make sure that I spelled it right.
But it's a mic for all seasons.
Um,
a lot of the stories I just told are in there.
Most of them are in there.
Um,
but it's really,
you know,
it starts early life,
uh,
broadcasting through high school and college
the skipjacks capitals onto fox rangers tnt etc but also you know a lot of family stories travel
stories uh list of all the analysts that i've worked with stories about the olympics the pandemic
how we did a lot of the broadcast during that time so i felt like i had a lot of stories to
get out there and, and hopefully,
hopefully,
uh,
everybody will enjoy it,
but it's available on,
uh, as you mentioned,
Amazon,
Barnes and Noble target,
uh,
officially comes out October 10th.
I received the first couple of boxes.
So very exciting to,
to open it up and see it for the first time.
And like I said,
a huge honor,
Wayne Gretzky and Walt Clyde Frazier,
uh, wrote the forwards for the book. Oh, that that's awesome. And like I said, a huge honor. Wayne Gretzky and Walt Clyde Frazier wrote the forwards for the book. Oh, that's awesome. And as a guy,
I used to watch the Albert Achievement Awards when your dad used to call Letterman back in the day.
He was on Letterman like 60 or 70 times. There you go, Biz.
Biz, I don't know if there's enough pictures in there for you, but...
I like the purple tie too. And then the purple font. It's beautiful.
I'm going to take a picture of you right now holding up the book oh yeah there we go that picture actually long story hey put it next to
taylor swift in the camera phone the camera i'm gonna do that i'm gonna do that long story short
the picture was actually taken in vegas game two of the cup final right before that game so
it came right down to the wire as far as what photo we were going to use so that's actually from vegas with msg superimposed in the background
you got the tnt makeup girls working overtime you look great in this one holy jump from you
that's that's a high compliment um you're such a joy to work with buddy like you're the nicest
guy in the world we can't thank you enough for your time and uh like i said it's just a joy and congratulations on all your success i can't wait
to read the book and and all of you should pick it up kenny albert baby what a joy this is awesome
this is so great buddy have a great season you guys are the best um you know biz last week we
were with charles barkley and he was telling us, telling you, he's never been
more people came up to him to compliment him on, you know,
you guys having him on than any other interview he's ever done, right?
Yeah, he said it to me twice.
I don't even know what to say when he says that.
He just  yeah, people love them on here.
Yeah, he said that twice to me, Witt, in RA.
He goes, he goes, I've done a lot of interviews and a lot of podcasts, but I never get, you
know, people don't come up to me as much as they did when I did spit and chiclets.
How was my Charles Barkley impression?
I was there when he said that.
But you guys are the best.
I love listening on plane rides throughout the year and can't wait for hockey to get
started.
And thanks so much for having me on.
throughout the year and can't wait for hockey to get started.
And thanks so much for having me on.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at Straight Talk.
A new Straight Talk wireless offering is now available where you can get a Walmart Plus membership
included on select Straight Talk wireless plans for free.
Only Straight Talk wireless gives you unlimited data, talk, and text,
plus a Walmart Plus membership included on select plans for free. Only Straight Talk Wireless gives you unlimited data, talk, and text,
plus a Walmart Plus membership included on select plans for free. Some of the perks of Walmart Plus through select Straight Talk Wireless plans are free delivery from Walmart stores, free shipping,
no order minimum, Paramount Plus membership, member prices on fuel so you get those gas savings.
Straight Talk Wireless is available at walmart and walmart.com
huge thanks to kenny for coming on us man what a great story to tell plus i mean anytime i get an
a on any of my impressions is always a good day biz you know oh yeah pump the time a little bit
let's talk with the warthog no i'm saying it's the fucking year of the warthog you can't miss
right now all right you're gonna start dating taylor swift next aren't you oh i maybe should learn her music before i do all right if you
could date any celebrity like now or then you'll say an actress from the 40s suzanne selmers i bet
she passed away who was your girl growing up back in the day pamela anderson from baywatch
uh no i was kind of late the first actually the first like trick poster i had was christy
brinkley the first like yeah you know who was was um i remember being like whoa something's going on
down there you remember yasmin belief is that her name yeah yeah what do you mean something's going
on down there like there's something moving and there's blood rushing oh i thought you meant maybe
she had one on my four inches rock hard down there yasmin bleath like midnight yeah on the right she's baywatch yeah that's who she's big oh my god
that's her now yeah hey no that's no she looks she looks great wow she still got it um christy
brings and then honestly like madonna early madonna videos that's when i was like whoa what's
going on down there that's when i started getting uh madonna's always kind of disgusted me a little bit i don't know what it
is ever since she pounded rodman she's like jacked too like i'm not a jacked woman guy it's just kind
of like i like girls i know you do one time you showed me on instagram this is my style she had
18 and i was like it's almost like a penis. I was like, oh my God, Biz.
That's legit like a weightlifter.
You want a straight up bodybuilder. I like a little muscle tone.
It's disgusting.
You ever see her old penthouse photos that she did like a photo shoot?
Madonna?
Before she was a star, she did this old photo shoot, like a nude shoot.
And then someone found her when she was a superstar.
She looked like the freaking Amazon rainforest. Like hair on her her arms big old 70s bush and everything business really yeah i
think the bushes are coming back now i think yeah oh for sure for sure i don't think they should
have well because because like girls were lasering it off so you're in the game are you seeing bushes
in the wild i mean i'm not going to get into the bushes in the wild okay i'd rather rather talk
about snorting off of R.A.'s pits.
And figure-sized pits, but you don't want to talk about that.
God, who was...
Carmen Electra.
Oh, my God.
She still got it.
She had a poster like washing a car, like the bubbles everywhere.
And by the way way i was never even
remotely close to allowed to have a poster of a girl in my room so i had a i had a fox magazine
which was like dirty mag oh and i had a hustler i had this like little single bed at my parents
house where the drawers on the bottom you could pull them out so i would hide it like i would
pull the drawer out and i had the one magazine for forever i forget who the girl on the cover was i think it maybe it was sylvia saint
but uh and it wasn't a playboy it wasn't like an article type magazine like they
they had one one uh they would always be like a featured girl and then there would be like the
cum dart like the the you know they'd actually have the the board they'd have your target they'd have the i never
used it yeah yeah you didn't wait i know by the way it's so underrated that ra had a subscription
to playboy when he was 12 years old that's one of the crazier spitting chicklets i couldn't put a
post up my room and he had a subscription to play what we talked about it he's like that's not that
crazy yeah he's like what do you mean and then what was even crazier was that his mom signed him up signed it up actually no no maybe the cds you used to buy
remember you used to get seven for a dollar then you had to buy a certain amount every month month
over month no you got signed up for the playboy subscription by your mom no i i it was publishers
clearing out remember that oh you might have already won 20 million dollars so for some reason
i got one in the mail when i was like 13 or 14 and i had to subscribe to two
magazines so i did sports illustrated and playboy you know they must have thought i was an adult my
mother she didn't like sign me up she was fine with it though like but what happened when she
got the mail no she no she was like okay she's like just don't you know bring it to school
whatever because they just don't hit the target in the living room my stepfather bought when she
would like i don't think my mother had the target like the other room. My stepfather bought one. I don't think Playboy had the target.
The other one I've said is I just threw myself around the room to the old music video Wicked Game by Chris Isaac.
And I've said many times in the pod that I ended up watching on pop-up video on VH1 that he was actually penetrating and having sex during the shoot of the video on a palm tree.
You tell me right now if you can YouTube this music video and not pull it up and not dummy yourself to this beautiful beautiful woman chris
isaac was a stallion as well so i was a big uh i was a big bet beater i'd crank myself off oh really
yeah because like back then the nicki minaj is before nicki minaj no it was uh still dre had
some some thoughts in him but i
want to say one of the saint lunatics videos with nelly had the best girls where you would get slow
mos of them where like the big juicy arses would get me going i think we've spent forward yeah
look at that woman i mean look at her oh this is who this is chris isaac wicked game this is how i
was just dummy in myself at a very young man missile too yeah that's chris isaac dude the guy could sing
i don't even think this is his song is this a remake well yeah apparently when you see right
there they were penetrating that's what pop-up video on vh1 said that's all i'm saying but what
a beautiful young woman and what are you know what a handsome young lad but also what a video
it's imagine you're the artist you're like all right here's the video get me the hottest superman woman on the planet and she's gonna sit on my lap while
i have a full-fledged rocket up her vagina and we're gonna hit the record button on a palm tree
yeah there you go and and you know two good-looking people they might just be like let's just go for
this let's do it she looks hero too george michael had four supermodels in that freedom video
back in the day so was he bisexual george yeah i don't know if he was he just did everything is that the one that
sucked off in a stall in public and then people try to make a big deal i believe that was him yeah
yeah r.i.p he was a great artist i remember a video like a more recent video recent this is
probably 20 years ago do you remember pd pablo that sound like you were carwisha rwanda he's listing
all the girls names oh yeah there's a lot of sexy bet ones for you in that one oh yeah so check that
one pd pablo one last one you mentioned posh's bedroom like that we put that picture you sleeping
in his bedroom someone goes is that burt nerney's bedroom from sesame street i know it's a wooden
twin how about memes putting the the other twin bed and putting Barry the big guy in the bed?
Yeah, Barry, our boy Barry.
Some of those biz does BBC.
Oh, that's so...
Because the name of the mockumentary
was called Biz Does BBC.
Posh's bedroom was shit though, huh?
Awful.
Jesus, Posh.
Awful.
You look like my grandparents' bedroom in the 40s
when they used to sleep in separate beds.
Some of you people are like, who's Barry?
Barry was this, I think it was during COVID, Barry.
Everyone knows Barry now.
He was a porn star who had a huge rope.
And there was the messages like, hey,
check out what somebody's saying about you online.
And you would click it.
Next thing you know, it was Barry's hog staring you in the face.
It was really like COVID.
Like, look what's locked down now.
And you click on it and think of big news.
Barry.
You needed a chuckle during those dark days.
Absolutely.
Nothing like a dark hammer to turn around your dark day.
For some reason, a six-year-old story on CBS News went viral last week.
I immediately heated up the chicklets text thread once again.
Researcher Randall Bell studied the habits of the rich and found that if you make your bed each morning, you are 206 more likely to become a millionaire.
So, all right, you were disgusted at this in the group chat.
I would assume you're not a bed maker.
I'm a sack of broken eggs.
I always have an unmade bed.
Yeah, man.
That's bullshit, dude.
Bullshit.
Like that is bullshit., dude. Bullshit. Like, making your bed.
The stat is bullshit, all right.
I agree.
Like, you're more likely to be a millionaire making your bed.
At the same time, I responded.
I said, I don't agree with that at all.
That seems ridiculous.
It seems made up.
It seems to make no sense.
At the same time, you're a piece of trash
if you don't make your bed.
And I think it's more about,
it's more about,
it's starting the day off the right way
it's starting the day off with a little win a little w a little bit of success all right my
bed's made i'm ready to go and more than anything it's about when you get back home and you get back
to go into bed that night it's not an unmade unkept clothes everywhere bed you're looking at
a nice made bed a a nice clean room.
Now, granted, since I'm married, I don't make the bed, but my wife does.
But before I was married, I made my bed all the time.
There was a couple of days I didn't,
but I specifically remember brushing my teeth and being like,
oh, I don't want to make my bed.
But that's the early victory of the day.
That leads to success.
I believe Merle said Barry Trotz is a big time make the bed bed in the morning guy and it's one thing where it's just like he asked guys when he gets in first meeting
instead of asking for the phone he asked for uh hey uh you make the bed he like found out he finds
out yosi doesn't make his bad he trades him yeah so i i think that for me it's like start the day
off the right way and and i think a lot of people who don't make their bed i think those same people
have clothes everywhere they have because you're not hanging up your clothes putting everything away
and then not making the bed they're not washing the sheets either they're not washing the sheets
okay so i think you're uh i think you're a genius in the marriage category because you
oh really yeah let's bring my wife on and ask her of that question but in a sense of you seem to
establish very smart rules whereas you establish
the golf thing where you're like hey if you're going to take away from my golf like i'm not
going to be happy and then you're not going to be happy another thing is is uh yesterday uh you
couldn't do the interview live with dolman because you had family photos and i i'm like oh like the
wives love the family photos and where it goes oh oh 15 minutes we're in and out so it's
so that's the deal i made i said listen we'll do family photos the deals he makes are incredible
did you also cut a deal on the bed making um no she's just like very like adamant about stuff
like that and like when i leave clothes everywhere she's like pick up your clothes and it's it's one
of those things where like i i expect things from her as my wife and she expects things as her husband.
Like, don't leave.
You should be a fucking NHL GM with the deals.
A disgusting mess.
But in terms of the family photos, Biz, what we were laughing about was that you were like, those things suck.
Like I had to do them.
Like if you're doing professional photos, if they aren't for like your wedding or
engagement without kids, you're crazy. You're absolutely nuts. Like we have kids. These are
Christmas card pictures. But I said, I go, listen, we will drive. I'll drive 40 minutes,
but 15 minutes. We took 190 photos in 15 minutes in four different locations around this little
park. So I'll tell you right now, if you're going to do family photos,
tell your wife,
you can save money,
you can save time,
and you can keep happiness and peace in your life.
15 minute photos are all you need.
That's all you need to get done.
It takes quick.
It's the kids,
by the way.
I mean,
try wrangling in Wyatt Whitney for pictures.
The kid's an absolute lunatic.
So once I tell him 15 minutes and you get a lollipop after okay dad okay i'll sit on and he dialed it in he's fixing his hair on his own he
turns three november 16th and i'm like there we go and we finish i said how good was that and she
said it's unbelievable it's a great idea babe all we did need was 15 minutes so it's one of those
things where that's what i'm saying you guys should be in nhlg i don't know about that no way ra's got the grind my gears you need tips for husbands we need a tips for husband segment man
negotiating the bed making the hey the amount of family trips you're going on like how you're just
dialed i i know but i feel like i feel like my situation is a little different in a rounds a
year no i don't dude i, dude. I do not anymore.
I do not play that much golf anymore.
You play more than guys on the PGA.
But it's not because of her.
You play more golf than Kepka.
Dude, my rounds of golf is severely down.
Let me tell you, it doesn't make me happy.
And it's just one of those things,
like the kids get older.
It's easy to play golf when your kids are really young.
Ryder turns six end of November.
Like there's just more stuff going on.
Weekends after your kid is like five, you're done.
You're absolutely done.
So I think that my situation is a little different in the fact that I had all the money.
So you're able to kind of set some boundaries at the beginning.
But if you're in a relationship where it's 50-50,
or especially if your wife's making more than you,
like it doesn't really work like it is for me.
So I think that-
Kevin Fellerlein didn't care.
Yeah, he worked.
What a deal maker that guy was.
Oh yeah, he should be a deal.
And he saw that she was going to go completely cuckoo at the end.
Poor Brittany.
But I think that you just want to be open and honest when
you meet someone that's my biggest advice tell them what you're into what you can live with and
what you can live without and that way moving forward there are no surprises there are no crazy
things popping up and you're able to live a life where she knows what you expect and you know what
she expects i didn't have uh britney spears fans coming after our podcast on on my bingo card but you might
have just marriage is hard fucking work r.a will tell you and i ain't trying to sit here and preach
you have to work hard to have a successful marriage it is legitimately one of those things
where once you get late like when i get lazy and when i start not doing what things i promised i'd
be doing around the house you just all of a sudden the tension rises and you realize I haven't been carrying my weight.
So it's hard work.
It is what it is.
It is.
It's very.
I mean, any relationship.
100.
Going back to the bed making.
I believe that that is the case because it establishes discipline.
And I find people that are just it's not about doing things when you,
when you, you know, all you feel like doing them, people who are very regimented and it starts with
just a little win, as you mentioned in the morning like that, I guarantee you more millionaires than
not make their bed. Well, the big time millionaires have people making their bed for them, um, in
terms of like housekeepers and stuff. But the other thing is i just love getting into a made bed
it's like for some reason getting into bed unmade it doesn't feel the same so that's my final
word on the bed making yeah my early victory is just getting up waking up in the morning that's
my early well you wake up in the afternoon so i guess that's a win no matter what time it is
you make the bed when breeze away yes. Yes. Okay. All right. Take your word on that one.
I think he just undercover called you a liar.
I don't put all the pillows on.
We have 14 pillows, which is a joke.
Let me be loving pillows, man.
So I don't put on.
I put the two pillows that you sleep on, so I don't get the rest of the whole look, which
is so dumb.
The star pillow, the lumber spine pillow.
No, it's just all like the pillows for like look and it's like nobody's even in there
so who cares yeah exactly uh the nhl man sometimes they can't get out of their own way for reasons
known only to them the nhl decided to step in shit and ban the rainbow color tape known as pride tape
uh there are no reports of anybody clamoring to get rid of it the league just come out of nowhere
and said they don't want to make it available. It's too much of a distraction.
I don't get what they mean by that.
It's been,
there's been the rule since,
I don't know,
at least 2015 adhesive tape of any color may be wrapped around the stick at
any place for the purpose of reinforcement or to improve control of the
puck.
So they're just kind of coming in like they did with Sean Avery and the
players.
They are just going to change their own rule.
Like what the fuck are they thinking?
Like just let these guys wear it.
If they,
if a team has that designated night,
it's just they step in shit once again.
And I think they're hypocrites
because all they talk about is inclusive
and hockey's for everyone.
And then they do something like this
and it sends the wrong message to the people
that they're trying to send to good men.
Yeah, I guess you could say that.
I mean, some people listening are like,
I don't even want to fucking hear about this.
Like, I just want to watch sports.
I think this has a lot to do
with how it all went down last year when a few members of uh or at least one of the philadelphia flyers i think it
was proveroff he didn't want to wear the pride jersey because it's not in his faith as far as
same-sex marriage uh let me reiterate and we've said this a million times we are we if you want
if you're a guy and you want to marry a guy if you're a guy and you want to be a girl we are we if you want if you're a guy and you want to marry a guy if you're a guy and you want
to be a girl we are here support anything that you want to be on the spit and chicklets podcast
well at least me can we all agree that yeah 100 so this this didn't need to be kicked up they
could have just let this go and let the tape thing be a thing but i feel like they try to get ahead
of it and they made a shit storm within their within their own stuff
going on the tape now situation to take it away is just it's idiocy because you can even hear some
of these players saying like well i want to do that so i think there's a big portion of people
where they just want to go to sports to watch sports and not have to talk about any of this
stuff and that's where i think that most people lie with their opinion on everything no yeah i i agree i mean i think we all just want to watch the game but you know
this is a thing for the last several years with the league and again it's they've been you know
hockey's for everyone they've been like beating that drum and then they turn around just say oh
you can't with with this tape i think some player is going to come out and just wear it some game
willy didn't lawton already say he's going to? Well, it's just like the jersey thing was an absolute clusterfuck last season, okay?
So they make the announcement, and obviously there was a bunch of noise
and a bunch of chatter.
How are you doing this?
It was over.
It was all over.
The fact that it was done.
If they were going to do this, do it then with the jerseys.
Deal with all the backlash then.
They just come out of nowhere right as the season's beginning when there was just no need to mention anything at all it was just
ridiculous timing but i'm gonna go to the fact of the real issue with the nhl for me right now
this fucking app is something else i'll tell you they decided to redo their app this summer
it is the worst app on the app store.
I looked the other day. I designed it.
Yeah, it looks like you designed it
and then did the coding for it as well.
Right after hanging out with RA and his ski titties.
I'll tell you this though.
I looked every single game right now.
It says whatever the score is,
which isn't always correct.
All the goals are,
it's the same goal score,
the same assist guy
every game it's broken and like if you're gonna redo the app actually was okay before i don't
remember like having complaints about it like this so you're gonna redo it you're gonna drop
it and it doesn't even work it's unbelievable how they're able to just like get in their own
way constantly because now i'm not even using it i gotta go to the score because i even find the website they've changed the website as well and that's where i go i don't
even use the app i feel like the website sometimes it's not even working and some of the same
problems you mentioned you mentioned they're always changing it every two three years where
you finally get used to it and then boom it's different again so if the espn app is incredible
though i mean i just go there because you can watch the games now too if you have espn plus on there so on the new nhl app
you can't even go in on the app and see like the time on ice and stuff and last year you could it's
crazy they've they've somehow made their product that much worse with an improved in quotations
app it's unbelievable like no other league right now has an app that doesn't work.
And on the main page,
like if you click on like certain goalie stats,
they have like their record,
but they don't have the losses on there.
It's like how many games they played,
the wins.
And it's like,
they're missing one of the main stats on there.
And earlier they didn't have like,
I think it was goals against or save percentage.
It was like,
those are the fucking main things people looking for.
And they didn't have them on certain players.
It doesn't cost a fuck.
I agree with you on that.
It's just crazy.
Yeah.
Brutal.
By the way, we've talked about the banana tips.
Shout out Melinda Dillon, who played Suzanne Hanrahan.
She passed away last year.
No, we got to give her a shout out.
She was the mother in Christmas Story 2, Biz.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Love that movie.
Another thing I forgot to bring up just quickly carolina
uh great win in la to start the year then they lose to the ducks but something to keep an eye on
um uh what jesus what's his i'm blanking out play on the bruins last year d-man big signing
dimitri orlov who was the best player for the bruins in the playoffs and maybe one of their
best players after he came over at the deadline he's minus seven in two games and playing 15 minutes a game so I don't know let's just let's
see where that goes who knows if Brindamore saw him in camp and wasn't overly impressed but
just a stat that kind of popped up well the one thing about them is they also have so many d to
snap it around to and and uh you can I mean I remember thomas caberly when he was playing for the leafs he was
getting you know 25 26 minutes a night and then he got traded over the bees yep and all of a sudden
he was playing in that you know 17 18 minute range where you're not used to getting your reps and
getting snapped around and all of a sudden the game declines quick to the point where i want to
even say during that playoff run he might even been a healthy scratch yeah i think he where they
traded like a couple first rounders for him.
So for a defenseman in that perspective
of going from a high number of minutes
to now all of a sudden where you might get even lost,
it just feels like the puck feels heavier.
You're not making the right reads.
You're not playing with that anticipation you once did.
So that can become difficult,
but they're loaded on the back end.
And that's not an ideal situation, especially on the back end and and you know that's
not that's not an ideal situation especially for the amount of money you're paying them and on top
of that you got d'angelo back in the mix too so 7.75 for the next this year next year that he was
so good it's a lot of he's a player it's just kind of odd to start like that yeah okay before
you go any further here's a few words from our friends at Zinn. We're all looking for a change in routine, whether it's hitting a new machine at the gym,
listening to some new music, or what have you.
So if you're looking to move away from the hassle of traditional tobacco,
Zinn nicotine pouches are a simple way to introduce that change in your everyday life.
And get this, they're America's number one nicotine pouch, only the best for our listeners.
Zin comes in 10 varieties like Spamment, Coffee, and Wintergreen. So you guys have your pick when
it comes time to throw in the old three milligram, six milligram of that satisfaction packed pouch.
And let me tell you, these pouches deliver that pure nicotine satisfaction, no matter what strength
or variety you choose. Zin nicotine pouches are smoke-free,
spit-free, and hands-free that works to your advantage on or off the ice. And if you're
curious about what a premium nicotine experience looks like, check out the Zinn 10 Challenge,
a 10-day risk-free trial. Head over to your nearest convenience store or order online at
zinn.com. Warning, this product contains nicotine.
Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
Your old team, the Penguins, they lost their first game,
and they won two games in a row, but 4-0 over the Caps, 5-2 over the Flames.
Geno had it, six points in those two games.
But Sid, longest tenured captain now at 18 years,
18 consecutive seasons averaging a point per game, only one guy with more,
Waino at 19.
But here's the record these guys have sid gino and chris letang hold the north american record
the longest team teammate trio with 18 seasons together those no three guys have ever had this
many no way and they're still bringing it gino's off to the hot start uh riley smith looks good
riley smith looks great listen i know dubas is a Leafs trader. And some of you are like, oh, they fired him.
Shut up.
He stabbed him in the back.
What he has done in the offseason to revamp this lineup is nothing short of a miracle.
What the fucking tricks that he was able to get Carlson over with and make all the trades and get rid of cap situation.
Bring over Riley Smith.
He had the connection to Achari bringing him over the Leafs last year at the deadline.
Smith he had the connection to Achari bringing him over the Leafs last year at the deadline so it seems like that bottom six has that sandpaper that they needed that they were missing last year
the top guns are going Gensel's playing for a contract right now and he was actually supposed
to miss the first five games of the year rush back to get back with that ankle injury and
the Nedeljkovic looked great in the game that he was thrown into jari looked great in game two
if jari can get back to to two years ago when they they uh before he got hurt um when they lost to
the the new york rangers in playoffs if they can all get together get to that place they are very
much a stanley cup contender in my opinion a lot of ifs a lot buddy but hey to revamp the lineup the way
that they did if you're a Pittsburgh Penguin fan you have to be thrilled about what you're seeing
so far and the fact that they look like a rejuvenated team I saw some tweet going around
I wish I knew who it was from or maybe it was on Instagram like gotta love Crosby he's still wearing
his Rimouski oceanic jacket from 20 years ago. The guy is just a machine.
So he looks great off the bat.
And I think Gino said when asked about his start,
yeah, I wish season ended tomorrow and I win the Hart Trophy.
Yeah.
A lot of rookies making news on the past week.
Gee, we got a great quote from Paul Maurice.
Want to run that one?
A few players have the opportunity to make their NHL debut.
What's the biggest key in managing some of the emotions?
Yeah, I don't want them to.
I want them to be nervous.
They get a standard speech, but it's true.
You can win five Stanley Cups, five Hart Trophies.
You can be in the Hall of Fame, but you only ever get one first game in the NHL,
and that's not your game, actually.
It's mom and dad's game and all the volunteer coaches that helped you,
teachers, everybody.
So when they come to the rink, I tell them, I really don't care how you play tonight.
I want you to be nervous for the national anthem.
Be overwhelmed.
Take it all in.
But do it with a smile on your face and have some fun because you only ever get one of these days.
This quote is so cool.
I had a bunch of people send it to me.
And right away, it definitely hits you hard as a player because it's so true like you'll i'll never forget my first game i'll never forget the feeling of
getting called up for me warm-ups my parents came down to the glass i just got to see them and like
just a a a wordless thank you i can't believe this is happening and it was awesome and and paul
has has always been an unreal quote he's he very well-spoken, and he delivered the perfect one there
in describing it.
No matter what you accomplish, it's all about remembering
and the memory of your first game and your dream coming true.
He's so eloquent.
Every time he's asked a question, I mean, it was on display
during that cup run last year, but how does he find the right words
every goddamn time?
He's a poet he's a
fucking poet he could run for president you know he's one of those type of guys he wasn't born in
america he could sell me a fucking ponzi scheme in four minutes oh yeah but so could the guy on
the street corner on newberry street well uh la king rookie alex laferrier his family's certainly
gonna remember it he went they went fucking nuts that scrap hootie fight oh logan o'connor did you
see the absolute ufc takedown that family was going bananas and he went to fucking harvard too
what wait you don't usually see too many i think it was colby armstrong who texted to our group chat
that he thinks he mouthed to the guy in the box that he fought he goes that was my first fight
ever i mean chances are if he went to harvard he wasn't scrapping there and uh he's he's from new
jersey so you could tell his family
are used to maybe seeing
some scraps outside the bars there,
the dirty South Shore.
Go fuck up some smart kids.
I wasn't the only rookie to drop.
Johnny Beecher, a Bruins rookie.
He fought Chicago's Jason Dickinson,
a little hit.
Who did he hit from behind?
I think of the guy's name.
The Dickinson come over.
Nice little scrap.
He did it right for himself, NG.
Yeah, I mean, I think that fourth line
in general has looked awesome. And I was talking to biz about this last night where i was told that
when lucic came in this offseason in in training camp they've made such uh an effort to be a harder
team to play against and just being real sons of bitches out front they gotta be the big bad
bruins exactly and you look at a guy like brandon carlo his game is it's not fully changed but he is
a motherfucker to play against this year.
You said he laid out Taylor Hall.
He's just out front.
He's just a bastard to play against.
And back to the fourth line, Lauko, Lucic, and Beecher.
It's just life.
Every game so far, they've been the best line.
Yeah, and I mean, Frederick, we talked about him earlier, too.
He's got some piss and vinegar.
You know Marchand's competing his bag off every night.
So far, how have you guys felt
about the the zaka and coil experiment one two punch oh and we didn't you that rookie kid you
mentioned how about that fucking play incredible did we get the uh how do we say his name it's
patra okay so i i wish i liked patois but i got right from the horse's mouth. Pontra. Potra. Potra, yeah.
Potra.
No.
What?
You're saying different things.
Potra.
Well, no, Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Regardless of practice lines today.
Just remember Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
Potra.
He doesn't forget that.
So he's been playing on that third line with Frederick and Geeky, but as of today, they
bumped him up to second line. Now he's been playing on that third line with frederick and geeky but as of today they bumped him up to second line now he's playing alongside brad marshand so he played with marshand
all preseason and you could tell after every shift marshand's coaching him up what to do
i love them playing together yeah i love that oh hey i mean sometimes they get these sneaky picks
they've been criticized in the past about some of their drafts especially the one when they had the
three the three first rounders where they whiffed on everything or it was the bros i guess they didn't whiff them on all of
them but they missed on on maddie barzell but this kid's got a lacrosse background too so as far as
body position the way he's able to protect the puck and and make plays and also get to the dirty
areas and take that punishment people who have lacrosse backgrounds they're used to getting
hacked and whacked so that's a good thing where i wouldn't say he's the biggest guy no but as long as you're able to take punishment
and protect the puck and go to those hard areas that's all i fucking care marsha and compared him
to mitch marner so they dropped um really yeah so they dropped coil to third line coil is now okay
he's a third coil is a great third line he's an incredible third line center just like adam
lowry is exactly winnipeg like
that type of player oh did you see that highlight of the bench um josh morrissey uh lowry loses his
stick and he's kicking the puck up to himself and josh morrissey hands his over on a two-on-one rush
it's half the size of lowry's stick and he's bending over and then throws a backhand sauce
over i forget who it was but it was a cool highlight usually it's the trainer how good
they are on their toes but it was morrissey you handed it over it's pretty cool that reminds me of a
couple times like ray whitney just being like you fucking idiot where like a righty would lose a
stick and i'd be over the boards like here take mine take mine and uh yeah even worse they would
ask me sometimes like what guys what guys on my line what way they shot and i wouldn't be able to
tell them oh shit yeah
i was pathetic off where some guys i would say that well yans was obviously you can do that can't
you can't you name every hands was he could tell you what fucking color tape they use and what their
curve was and and really when they found when they started quizzing me guys on the team like
i think they asked me like i bet he doesn't know even know what the way like chip chip chera shoots and i kind of froze up and he's like you don't know which way
he shoots so they started grilling me every guy on the team and i'm like ah i don't know they were
like you're fucking pathetic no wonder you never put it on the tape but yeah whiz would give me
shit about hannah the righty a lefty when they lost their stick on the bench at least that was alert come on wiz uh columbus
opened the season on adam phil adam fantilli's birthday and you see that video uh they had his
parents real sweet not to get emotional for him watching that his brother and his parents it just
yeah that was really cool i think he at the end of it said thank you to whoever did it from
columbus that was an awesome video it was babcock that's why he was looking through his phone that's
where he was getting all the clips yeah it's too long to play here but if
you can check it out by all means do so uh you got a text from wayno too saying good luck happy
birthday right yeah that was good stuff what's the first text from wayne gretzky like when you
see that like hey it's wayne gretzky like what are you feeling when you when you get that uh you feel
like the coolest person ever and the best thing is is he facetimes me from time to time
now and it's yeah he's just i don't know it's just fucking cool you talking about your summer
when you're like yeah i got to go visit wayno for a couple days up in gosser like just that one
well it was a little awkward when he caught me sniffing his underwear in his underwear drawer
what the hell are you doing in there biz i love you man this is trying on his cup rings yeah
he comes in i'm in his boxers i got his fucking cup rings wearing the old jofa
i got it's like when barelli was in the uh islanders locker and he's trying on
tavaris's shoes and i got his gucci gucci flip flops and robe on uh fan till he had an assist
his first game played 13 minutes 40 seconds five out of ten on faceoffs two shots but
look good out there that first game i'm not sure how much you saw of it but wait did you see the
end of that game philly covered the puck line with 0.1 seconds oh did you have it you must know i
didn't i didn't have it but you would have thought it was i mean i'm just over the moon anytime that
happens whoever has it but yeah i was connecting it was like shoot it shoot because he had the whole fucking zone himself
0.1 seconds left if he didn't miss that man he's looked great and uh and shout out to couturier he
spent a lot of time not playing and he's back and he looks a little bit thinner too so he's moving
around pretty decent for a guy who's been dealing with some back issues and uh i mean buddy like i
would say for a good three four years there
one of the best 200 foot game centers in in the league yeah did he win a selkie if he didn't win
one he's been up for it he's a guy i think he i think one year he put up 100 points and he's a
motherfucker to play oh he's never had 100 points no i never had 100 points am i am i out of my mind
here yeah the most he ever had was 76 me i was going good with
the numbers i mean last two years though last year only 29 games played the year before that only 45
games was he over a point of game that year when he had 76 uh no he's never been over come on uh
when columbus played the ranges uh they got a nice little tribute for jonathan did you see that
oh my god his reaction the fact that they panned the bench and showed his face.
So everybody who doesn't know the story got traded there last year at the
deadline for, what, 24 hours?
If that.
If that.
And they gave him a little tribute video, trolled themselves, and then
right on the Jumbotron right after panned down to him on the bench, and
he was losing it.
So that's the stuff right there.
Yeah.
That's the shit. The Flames held an tribute to chris snow before their 5-3 win over the jets to
open the season uh his wife kelsey dropped a ceremonial face-off puck and son cohen had fist
bumps for all the boys going up going out and coming back after the game uh just a real nice
tribute to chris we you know we talked about on last episode hopefully hopefully the family's
doing doing okay with what they've dealt with. In the game itself, Moxham versus
Hellebuck. What a great goalie battle that was.
Both guys, I mean, I think both those guys
a little something to prove for different reasons. Moxham
had an off year last year. Hellebuck with the new contract.
Entertaining game, but I think the
real battle between Winnipeg
and Calgary last week was in the AHL.
Did you see that scrap? Oh my God.
That was old school.
Manitoba's Jeffrey Verey veal calgary's uh
alex galant i mean talk about turning back the clock just throwing fucking straight up bombs for
fucking three minutes i don't know in the face i don't know the kid for uh for it's manitoba moose
right veil jeffrey veil yeah i don't i don't know him obviously he can fucking chuck them but i
fought that galant twice and oh really there's they their brothers i fought both of them one of them was
playing for bridgeport one time i got a funny story about that too so if you fought two times
a certain amount of times you would get a game suspension so we fought the one time and i think
he kind of lost his edge so he wanted to fight me again and i was like oh god fuck this guy's so
tough as nails and then i found out the next day he got to go fishing with his buddies because he
got suspended because he'd hit the two fights in one game so many times so it wasn't about falling
he's like i just want to get suspended so he got sussied so we had a three and three and then we
played them on the saturday sunday so sunday's game he was off fishing with his buddies he's
like buddy thank you so much i get the day off you're like ice in your eye you're like no problem
but i want to say they're brothers or cousins and then this one that that you just fought for uh calgary's farm team uh he was playing with the san jose barracuda
but these guys pound for pound are just nail guns they just go western boys they're they're no they're
from uh i want to say they're from uh pi they're they're from out east aren't they look look at
alex galan i want to say they're
from the same place as the coach galan and they might there might even be some relation there as
well so these two guys i was actually shocked to see the fact that side p pei yeah so these guys
are just from the gotta be from the rock related to gerard it has to be related to gerard galan
and these guys are just nail guns so The fact that they're still doing it,
shout out to them. And also
the whole fighting on a hockey thing,
that was probably one of our most
not viral, but
liked tweets. Do you see how
much engagement that had?
It just shows. People just
love it. They eat it up.
We got a special guest for
Grind My Gears this week uh grind my
gears always brought to you by big deal brewing.com slash finder and biz you're our special guest
grind my gears this weekend uh let's see what it was he got tuned up for us oh i'm glad you remind
me this jada pinkett smith joins my i was thinking of talking about. Fucking gears, bro.
But Will Smith might be even worse.
No, no.
Do something, Will.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't stop that.
He did.
He fucking smacked Chris Rock to defend her
because she was disgusted with Chris Rock's comment.
So he goes up there and tries to be Lance Romance
to all of a sudden months later
after this guy gets
sussied from the academy and she goes on to say we've been separated he's not even my husband
she fucking throws her husband under the bus she's a piece of she's a piece of shit she was i don't
even know why he said why why is she even getting interviewed for these podcasts if it wasn't for
will smith and the fact that she sucked the dick
off of tupac's torso way back when they were they were soulmates she said to him bullshit
she also said that she was slinging rock back in the day uh she said that tupac proposed to her
when he was behind bars in prison for whatever he was in prison for she is the fucking worst
she grinds my gears the fact that these quotes are still coming out and she's still being
interviewed why is she famous she's famous for for marrying will smith am i out of line here
no i just can't believe will smith like will smith maybe not now he was an a-list celebrity superstar actor and he is getting
walked on i mean she wasn't nutty professor that that that movie still slaps sherman ain't never
had no relation no i can't listen will's gotta just step up and say well he's so in deep now
he's gotta cut her half of what he's worth and he's made all the dough. What do you think Will Smith's net worth is?
Got to be a couple hundred.
Oh, easily.
But like any marriage, you never know what goes on behind closed doors.
You take a Hollywood marriage, that's times 100, man.
It's a lot of PR bullshit.
I know.
No matter what's going on behind closed doors and the rumors of Will Smith,
those are
It's the respect.
Yeah. You're shriveling this guy non-stop you think after he slapped some dude in your honor that you wouldn't say i don't even know why he called me my wife up on stage i it's funny
you brought that up because i was reading an article about basically all the ways she's dissed
on him over the past year and a half it's like buddy stand up for yourself the best
quote i read was uh was everything i've learned about this lady and their family has been against
my own will it's just it's all yeah it's just being forced no pun intended no pun intended
you're feeling it welcome to earth i don't get it independence day oh okay the fucking alien i don't
remember 350 million is
will smith's net worth and buddy to stroke a check for half of that would be very difficult
so i guess you just take the onslaught and you fucking learn to make the movie will smith was in
um he did something he had a real bad one recently but he's like dude he's weird he'll do like a
absolute fucking dud and then he'll have like some oscar worthy thing when was his last oscar
was it king richard the one he won the oscar for that was he was actually great that was phenomenal well that
was your debut grind my gears brought you by big deal bruin.com pretty good one awesome awesome
i mean that's that's uh pretty much wrapping up the end of the show boys unless you have any final
thoughts you want to share before we go get some vittles before we do i mean i had something in my
notes and it was a story that you brought up and you told me to remind you to tell because i'd never heard the full story but
it was with uh you and max talbot and you were going to meet your parents or your at least just
your dad for dinner and he wore this sweater and you know it was it was my buddies were in town and
we went to morton's um and talbot had a sweatshirt on that the hood said, fuck you.
I just, I don't know why you thought of that.
I don't know.
I had it written down on my notes.
My buddies are like, look at his hoodie.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, big giant fuck you on the hoodie. I guess it was a lot better in my head.
One last thing is there should be an announcement for game notes very, very soon.
So there's an army train that is coming.
Oh, and then also we did mention the Bruins.
I want to shout out my boys
brian yandel and mike motto the ring shrinks they had on patrice bergeron we're hoping at some point
to get bergeron on but those two guys are are you know brian's one of my closest friends mott's is
the absolute man so check that out because it was an unreal interview bergeron goes through his life
and and hopefully we get him on too but shout out the ring shrinks and those two for getting patrice
on i ran into timmy Thomas, too.
They're recruiting at the guy.
Oh, that would be awesome.
He said he's making steps, progress.
I said, well, we're ready whenever you ask.
Does he know what Chicklets is?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
His daughter was there.
That biz had met in Arizona a few weeks, a few months back.
So and of course, always subscribe to our YouTube.
If for some reason you have not yet and make sure you're following us on Twitter, Instagram, and TikTok, boys.
Season's back. We're happy to be here.
And we love you and appreciate you listening
as always. So have a great week
and we'll be back to you next
Tuesday.
