Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 468 of Spit and Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports podcast family.
We're a couple weeks into the season. Halloween is on the horizon.
Boy, he's a little gussied up for it tonight. Let's see what's going on.
Gee, let's go to you first, producer Mike E. Reilly. What are you, a lobster, a crab?
Yeah, way to go, R.A., you got it. Bed bug? I don't know. I didn't see his's going on. Gee, let's go to you first, producer Mike E. What are you, a lobster, a crab? Yeah, way to go, R.A.
You got it.
I didn't see his fucking mitts.
What a guess by R.A.
Could have been a crayfish.
It is the year of the warthog, folks.
He was able to guess that a man in a giant red costume with claws is a lobster.
Could have been a crayfish.
It's the Halloween special, boys.
No, what could it have been, R.A.? Tell us. A crawfish a crayfish. It's the Halloween special, boys. No, what could it have been, R.A.?
Tell us.
A crawfish slash crayfish.
I mean, I didn't see the...
Obviously, if I saw the claws, I'd know it was a lobster.
I don't know.
A bed bug?
Crab lice?
A bed bug.
He had those gloves on when he was stick handling.
One of R.A.'s favorite food groups, the lobster.
Lobster rolls.
Everything you eat lobster related.
What's the reason G why a lobster?
I just, I love wearing a nice suit, a nice comfortable suit like this, where you can
throw a t-shirt and sweat pants on under it.
So you're comfortable all night.
I've always been a big advocate of finding a nice, comfortable Halloween costume and,
you know, got to rep new England, you know, lobster, you know, but yet the, the, you see
the person and you're like, Hey, that's funny.
He's dressed as a giant lobster i got i gave you the chuckle when i hopped on but the comfort aspect i can roll with and i and i really respect and i've always wanted to do a halloween special
i'm a big costume guy i love dressing up this weekend i went to a halloween party my girlfriend
didn't really want to dress up beforehand i threw a hissy fit we ended up
driving to target like 10 minutes before the party i got a nice little ensemble but big halloween guy
very glad we're doing the halloween special this year so you're like you're the girl in the
relationship you were the one bickering about the fact you were going to show up not dressed up
boys i am such a girl the girl in relationship. I'll send you guys a video.
I needed a, does Alana put the strap on, on honestly, when I, when I send you this video, I needed to put like a install this like clothes hanger thing on my wall where you needed to
drill and do all this shit.
Okay.
You're not a handyman.
I'm not the handyman.
So she was doing it.
Task rabbit, bro.
She's got the, with the what? Task rabbit. People call, so she was doing it. TaskRabbit, bro. She's got the what?
TaskRabbit.
People call me TaskRabbit.
That's who you call?
Yeah.
Well, I actually got a guy who came from TaskRabbit,
and then now he's like my personal guy.
Hey, Alana's got the tool belt with the matching strap on.
Just giving it to G, the girl in the relationship.
I'm like setting up a charcuterie board while she has a cigarette in her mouth.
She's like drilling into the wall.
She's chewing.
I'm a pussy.
She's like, Mike, what do you want for dinner?
I don't know.
Do you have a birthday month, Mike?
A birthday month or a birthday week?
Oh, yeah.
Big birthday month.
Just a straight diva.
He's painting his nails on
the watching tv she's michelle grinnell sounds pretty nice actually uh it's yeah it's a tough
one my dad used to call me that hey i mean hey since we're kind of on this topic uh pull yarvey
holy shit did he go all in on that costume that probably, that'll go down as the best hands down. And to go even further, like I actually think that he's probably more attractive than the actual Ice Spice.
Like, Whit, I'll throw him to you.
I don't even know who Ice Spice is.
I think you're going to say he was hotter as a girl.
I saw the picture that was tweeted out of him.
So you were probably like, what the fuck is this?
I didn't know.
I just was like, whoa, this guy's into some freaky shit.
But I didn't really understand that there was an actual couple.
Who are the originals?
Ice Spice and who's the guy?
Pete Davidson.
So who is Ice Spice?
A rapper?
Yeah.
I mean, the female rappers, they turn over so quickly now.
But she had this.
What was the song, G?
I can't say the word, but it's that, a munch.
I'm a munch.
I didn't like it.
It didn't catch on for me, but it just caught a wave.
And I think she's had a few other hits in the meantime.
I don't think she's as big as Cardi B.
I think Cardi B reigns queen right now of the female rappers.
Who's the guy who does Sunday Conversation?
Caleb.
Caleb.
Sexy Red was so good.
Who?
What's her name?
He did it with Sexy Red, and it was so funny.
That's the girl who's like, my coochie pink, my booty hole is brown.
Oh, yeah.
Teaching the kids colors.
Yeah, some real poetic stuff coming out of these female rappers
the booty the booty hole brown she didn't bleach it like some of these other girls
you guys gotta watch that because caleb was like is your booty hole brown like why is it
it's just an unreal it's absurd it's just absurd but uh going back to ice spice and she's just um she's a she looks
different she just has a very unique look about her uh uh i don't know i mean i guess i won't
comment whether it gets you going or not wit because you're married but ra i guess like well
you kind of are too but i feel you can get away with this stuff i mean what guys we're always
gonna look don't touch um i mean you know did i can't say it made it move for me but you know
it's just that one are you talking about Pooey Harvey or the
actual ice coach?
I'm talking about Finding Nemo his other costume
the fish in the fucking fishbowl
where does Pooey Harvey play?
Pooey Harvey
he was in Carolina
is he back in Europe?
I think he might be in Europe
isn't Lizzo on the downswing though?
so Lizzo I don't know i don't know apparently she was getting involved in some
weird stuff with her backup dancers and saying stuff i don't know the lizzo drama uh i'm more
involved a little bit more in the the gangster rap side of things but not really irking into the to
the female's business but like i said cardi b she reigns supreme she's always
rocking the new her maze bags just spending it i bet you i bet you cardi b is probably pulling in
40 to 50 sheets a year but is she happy i can't argue that with you but i know for a fact that
you don't know that like i can't prove you wrong but i know that was completely made up in your head
you mean like kind of like the the norder dame fun fact that we're gonna get to with logan cooley
later that i was dead wrong on but hey listen don't let the truth get in the way of a good
story for fuck's sakes come on salt and pepper all day you guys ever see that cardi b video where
it's showing all her ferraris and lambos and then she's like yeah i don't even have my license i can't even drive any of these cars financial financial education 101 here
paul biz nasty business are you like the naked cowboy is that you got up for halloween when i
got on or you broke broke back busy again like i was at the nhl awards no i don't have my jacket on
i'm paying homage right now to joe thornton a legend of the
game who announced his retirement with that i mean it looked like a cowboy hat and of course he went
tarps off i think everybody is aware that joe thornton was the type of guy who liked to walk
around the the locker room and the buck most times and loves having his tarps off so to a legend of
the game who we're going to celebrate later in the podcast and give him his flowers as we should uh i figured in the first segment i do have another costume that i'll
come in with after the logan cooley interview but i figured off the hop jumbo joe whip out the
cock four goal special we love you brother what do you share with the fucking costume changes
during the podcast well no i i mean since uh since i had jeff do
all the work who's my uh basically my personal assistant and controls my entire fucking life
uh he sent me one so i just want to make use of it and i figured like i said what the fuck you
don't want me to change into costumes the more the merrier buddy just now cracking your eggs over
there i guess we could probably hand it over to wit first but i'm still trying to guess what you
got on all right yeah well let's we'll get to that like the wit dog what's going on you know any particular pirate widow just uh generic i can't
pirate no yeah yeah i'm a i'm a butt pirate um i see your dirt star i i do uh i i i leave it up to
the wife right and both of our boys are being pirates i think this is rider it might be his
third year being a pirate um and then my son wyatt he just will he just wants whatever whatever rider's doing so he's obviously a pirate so she
ordered me this for trick-or-treating tonight and i actually realized oh my god when i signed on and
saw g and biz uh and their costumes i forgot to get dressed so i ran down put this thing on
fits like a glove i'm not gonna lie i don't know if i'll be able to make it the whole show with the eye patch on it's kind of a grind right now um but it's a pretty good look it's a
pretty legit costume and this knife is like i mean this thing's heavy it's got the spikes on the
knuckles i mean this thing's a beast so i'm raring and ready to go halloween time fun time of the
year with kids it's a blast it's an absolute. Can I ask you a favor? What? Can you just keep the
eyepatch on until after we talk about
the Heritage Classic and the Edmonton Oilers?
And then I think we can. Okay.
That's all I ask. Deal.
Joe, Biz, one of the other great
costumes, Joe Pavelski's wife,
she went as that Stars fan who got suckered
by the guy with the kid with the mullet who was mouthing
off to the big guy and he cracked him.
She went as him and Joe went as this fan, Mike Mullet with the big mullet who was mouthing off to the big guy and he cracked him she she went as him and joe in is like this alfand mike mullet with the big mullet but she actually
got the hoodie underneath the game jersey with the china like that's a fucking hilarious costume
that kind of like a human joe dirt i remember yes that's a great great way to describe it because i
don't know how many what percentage of our audience that listens to the just the podcast
forum and i mean even the ones who uh end up listening on youtube but like how much they follow the the social media and all
these trends that are going on and what's happening but so the backstory was what ra this fan that
showed up to a game looking like joe dirt who actually i think it was during a tnt broadcast
wait but this he he i don't think but that's that was him dressed like normal. He wasn't trying to dress up.
No, no.
Right, but he looked like Joe Dirt.
He's just a real Joe Dirt.
We are talking about Dallas Stars here.
He probably came from an hour out of town, right?
He just fucking wheeled in on it.
Where Dolman may live, ironically enough.
Yeah, that's his roomie.
But before the game started, he was the guy.
You know when they show the fans in the hallway like,
oh, yeah, we're ready to go before puck drop.
He was one of the guys.
And then later on,
it was a clip,
but he was being an asshole in the seats.
I think he used a racial slur and then boom,
this guy from a seat behind him,
bops him right between the eyes.
And then Pavelski's girl had both eyes black.
So she absolutely hit,
hit that one out of the park.
And I would say the other one circulating around online
that i thought was money and i'd never seen it before was uh uh the randy johnson and then the
bird i i like that the dead bird i hadn't seen that before so the dead bird and there's an iconic
video of randy johnson i mean you must live under a fucking rock if you haven't seen this one where
he pitches 100 miles an hour and just drills a bird on the
way of the mound and uh that was that was the bird explodes um my favorite costume i got sent
it brian yandel sent it to me was somebody dressed up as the as the slide and the cop remember that
cop went down the slide remember that viral video biz that i ended up deleting because like i was
asked to delete it and then it had 45 million views the cop went down the new slide in boston and like basically
broke his freaking femur like and in clavicles do you remember you don't remember this
can you send it to me i'd like to watch it so like the costume is like this this kid's like
the slide then his buddy's like all mang, and he's the cop attached to him.
Actually kind of reminds me of the clip
that just went viral of Newsome,
the California governor,
where he was at a school.
They do these photo ops,
like, hey, I'm worrying about education.
And he's outside dribbling a basketball,
and he's trying to spin it on his finger, and he misses twice. And then he starts dribbling a basketball and he's trying to spin on his finger and he misses twice and then he starts dribbling oh just complete offensive foul
drills then he's like rubbing the kid's back i'm like oh yeah he's in china for that too that was
in china was it oh that was in china okay yeah so tough now we uh yeah not not not a governor of a
state need to be in China for?
I don't know.
Wouldn't that be like...
Makes no sense.
I don't know what I'm trying to say here.
What are you doing in China?
Fix California.
It's the eye patch.
It's the eye patch that's fucking me up.
You can't put a thought together.
But RA, we have to guess what you're wearing here.
I will go first.
I would say that you look a little bit like Eminem.
Doom, doom, doom.
I mean, well, I don't know.
I got jeans on, too.
I guess that's part of the costume.
It's not really relevant.
Okay, so I'm wrong.
I got jeans on.
Okay, my guess is.
Leather jacket, blue shirt, green T-shirt.
You are your drug dealer.
No, we're talking about Halloween.
Yeah, you're dressing up as your supply.
This is so off the fucking rails.
No, no.
G gets a gas.
Come on.
Absolutely.
I don't know.
I mean, I would have said Eminem from eight mile, but you already said that.
So I honestly, I have no idea
I knew none of you would get it uh one flow of the cuckoo's nest Randall P. McGriffin oh yep I
see it now oh doc there's not a man alive when you're looking at that little red beaver Jack
Nicholson correct absolutely man one of three movies to win the five major Oscars so my wife's
like no one's gonna know I'm like I don't fuck. I'm going to know it's a fucking real people.
I'm curious to know how many people who are watching our YouTube would know who you were coming in.
Now,
uh,
about YouTube's,
the younger crowd,
younger generation,
maybe 1,
maybe,
maybe like 10 people.
If you are one of the 10,
give yourself a round of applause.
Now,
one flew over the cuckoo's nest.
Is that the one where he ends up in that winterized cabin area and he he's the crazy person where he busts out the door
that's the shining all work and no play makes jack he's in a mental institution in this one biz
yeah yeah he goes to a nut house because he doesn't want to do jail time and uh he he kind
of fucking upsets the apple cart a little bit but it was based on a book in the 60s by ken keesey
uh and it's like if you kind of put it in the time when it happened you know there's a lot of like
kind of like uh what do you call it metaphors and stuff because you know a lot of society was kind
of revolting against the government and he kind of revolting against the head nurse nurse ratchet
and so uh terrific fucking movie one of jack's best performances i think that really solidified
him as a true i don't know if um i don't know if it's it things have obviously changed,
but that was a prerequisite for having to read for school that book.
I mean, everyone, did you have to read that book for school, G?
No.
Yeah, but you went to like Burlington Public Schools.
So I think for maybe some good schools, that was a must read.
But I do remember reading it because Miss Ratched,
it was like the name was
just perfect i wonder if it's led into being you know certain women called ratchet because she's
so mean and miserable and then like you know that's what you call so-called not maybe good
looking women so i don't know but i i do respect the costume now that you said it it's a good look
thanks appreciate that yeah oh you nailed it already you're the fucking
warthog um i another funny one i got from a buddy so uh i don't know if wait have you ever been to
vancouver like obviously but you played there right did you guys ever go out there yes did
you notice how outside the bars or clubs there the limited ones that they have and they're all
within a very short distance of one another but they have all these limos that park out front to where if you want to go to the next place like sometimes like
these you know you take a limo it's pretty ridiculous how close proximity everything is
but yet how many people end up taking these limos well there's this this famous one in vancouver
where if you're from vancouver you know who limo leslie is and it's this asian guy who dyes his hair blonde
um like an eastbound and down like the who uh will ferrell so he's just this guy who hangs out
outside the bars and he ends up talking you into a 150 limo ride that's like two blocks away
and so yeah yeah there you go so uh one of our asian friends because the guy's asian he went
as limo leslie and everybody had a really good laugh in the group chat
because he's kind of like one of those guys in town
that everybody knows if you see him.
So maybe it was funnier in my head, I guess.
I just want to fuck myself.
Join the club.
Can you give me a fake fucking chuckle next time for crying out loud?
I was waiting for the punchline.
Limo Leslie.
But you know what? I don't care because there's people from Vancouver right now who are like,line. Limo Leslie. But you know what?
I don't care because there's people from Vancouver right now who are like,
I know Limo Leslie.
He ripped me off for 200 bucks.
But he didn't sell me a Coke vial.
Did you ever see the movie, Biz?
Cuckoo's Nest?
Want to follow the Cuckoo's Nest?
No.
And it's going to be on my list.
And before I told my awful story about Limo Leslie,
And it's going to be on my list.
And before I told my awful story about Limo Leslie,
I was going to say,
have you had a chance to see the one that Scorsese just dropped with Leo? I feel like every time Scorsese comes out with a movie of that length
with that amount of good actors,
regardless of maybe the reviews coming in,
you have to go watch it.
I have not seen it yet.
I have all intentions of going to see it.
I just haven't knocked it down yet. i know that's good that's good yeah that's i heard it's a pretty like there's
some dark moments in the movie like the glory i heard very gory like yeah gory and just like
you know what these people were doing to these like native americans i think it's i think it's
a pretty dark film i've heard it's good i think i'm actually gonna wait for uh it to to come out where you
can watch it at home it's 345 i mean that yeah that's a long that's a that's a couple adderall
maybe a couple red bulls like that's a tough one who does yeah it is it is long and i guess there
are a couple theaters and they put their own intermission in which you know they weren't
allowed to do they're like we're gonna have a 10 minute intermission like halfway through
and the fucking studio called up like nah cut the shit that's not how we do it which you know they weren't allowed to do they're like well i gotta have a 10 minute at the mission like halfway through and the fucking studio called up like nah cut the shit
that's not how we do it like you know because that you know directors make the movie they don't
expect you to get up if they if they want you to they'll put their own at the mission and so
they just got a little peepee whack to put their own at the mission in there people just pissing
all over the seats and the you got who's who's our buddy who came on the pod just pissing in bottles?
Oh, Maple Leafs.
Leafs legend.
Help me out here.
Rick Vive.
Rick Vive. Rick Vive, the bottle pisser.
Actually, I'm going to do one today
in honor of him.
I got the empty body armor bottle,
so in honor of him as well.
Another Leafs legend,
Joe Thornton, Leafs legend,
as well as him,
so here comes the piss a bottle.
Gee, Sandbagger coming shortly, right?
Tell the fellas when it's coming.
Yeah, Wednesday, 6 p.m.
Huge Sandbagger.
Jack Eichel, Noah Hannafin.
I'll let these guys kind of take over.
R.A. makes another appearance.
Very excited, though.
Wednesday, 6 p.m. Eastern time on the Chicklets YouTube channel.
I had a blast doing this one.
I mean, it's hard to talk about them before they come out without giving certain things away.
R.A. with a performance for the ages as the round goes on.
I guess you could leave it at that.
My brother Colin Whitney makes an appearance.
What else? Beautiful golf course granite links
amazing day we had i i think we just we let everyone watch it and we can maybe address
some things after so a i will say a beautiful course where you have a skyline of the city
and you were talking about this beforehand how much like traffic it gets from the driving range
to the fact that they have 27 holes there i I will say one of the nines we played,
you called it,
did you call it a mouse trap?
It's a mouse trap.
It's just so hard because you never see the green.
So it's all these blind shots.
And that made it extremely difficult for a non golfer like myself.
So for all you people who fucking bitch about my handicap,
shove it up your ass.
Oh,
I was just going gonna say quickly like obviously getting jack after he won a stanley cup it seems like his personality really came
out on camera which was was awesome to see and especially after early in his career going through
all the bullshit in buffalo like it's it's good to see him at the place where he's at and uh
it was great to get to to golf a full route with him and what's awesome about what pasha did and all the rest of the guys who helped film these things behind the scenes so
shauna puzo we got elliot fish uh we got logan who ends up coming on the road uh pasha who films
and also edits this we started putting the the the gopros inside the cart so we don't necessarily
have to be interacting with them to in order for them to kind of be putting on a show and uh between him and noah it was great to see their their personality
shine so all right i'll give you some credit um i watched the cut of it pasha sent it over and
you asked uh eichel a question um pertaining to their stanley cup run and it was a really good
kind of answer an interesting answer to hear in terms of them dealing with adversity.
So good journalistic question there in the midst of being waffled.
I was impressed.
Can whack back a half dozen nips and press those nice questions.
I can't wait to watch it.
G texted me the next day and was like, dude, that was hilarious.
He goes, I was shaking my hands with the camera.
I remember most of the day, I had fun.
It started a little slow, I thought.
And then I just remember you kind of ordered me to get buckled and stop being a goofball.
Yeah, Pasha came over to me and it's like, get him fucked up.
So every two seconds, it was Pink Whitney Nip, Pink Whitney Nip, Pink Whitney Nip, Pink
Whitney Nip.
And you got fucked up.
It's like, release the secret weapon.
Also, G, Little Chicklets TV debuted the other night
with our Buffalo behind the scenes.
What else we got coming up soon?
Yeah, we got the Sandbagger coming up.
We also have the college hockey series that we're working on
that's coming out soon as well.
But usually Wednesdays, 6 p.m. is where you can find us
dropping new video content on our YouTube channel.
Like R.A. says, like and subscribe.
It makes a big difference for us.
Seems like a lot of people are shifting over to our YouTube to check out the pod. Like every
week over week, it seems like we're getting more viewers who like to watch it. We got to sit down
with Vokoda Live, which people are still raving about that interview. Just incredible story. So
another great find by you, RA. But if you're out there, make sure you subscribe to the YouTube
channel. We just passed 300K. And I think another shout out is deserved for all our staff behind the scenes
who do an incredible job and crush it for us
and make sure everything's running smoothly.
So we've got a great team and that's why our shit gets done.
And I think that's pretty much it for the house cleaning.
Maybe other to mention, I think that that Shady Lady
and Pink Whitney collab is just near sold out from a merch perspective.
They only had XXL left because I was at Riders hockey game yesterday and I had four people come up to me like, that shirt's awesome.
How do I get it?
I said, ah, you got to check it out.
There was only a limited amount of them.
And then they kind of went on in front of me and there was just XXL left.
So some big daddies out there will be pleased.
Well, I like to wear those ones a little bit oversized.
So I actually like the XXL as a, I'm going to what, 6'2", 6'3", 210 pounds.
So it's fun.
It's a little bit baggier, more of a comfy type sweater.
So it was good to see that people received that well.
And, gee, you'll probably know more than me about this, but coming up uh we have a ton of merchandise that's going to be dropping on black
friday which is just around the corner at insane discounts so make sure to look out for that at
which where do they go for that it's barstoolsports.com slash chicklets you can always find
our merch there so that's pretty much all the house cleaning i had we have one more house cleaning thing that
we need to bring up a pretty big announcement i'll send it over the merman to make this one
what's up everybody big game tonight always get into the locker room early grab your coffee
and make sure to always check the game notes we got our host colby army armstrong myself merles Colby, Army, Armstrong, myself, Merles, our producers, Mikey G. Grinnell.
We got Sean Puzo.
Let's see the stats on these guys.
Yep, the game notes.
We're going to have the chat.
We got the Beer League heroes.
We got riding the bus covering all the leagues.
We got Show or Mindy.
Who's going up and down?
All the special guests we had.
Biz, Whit, R.A., Mr. Ice, Vegas Insider, all the NHLers we had on. We give you the inside scoops. Army's
working for the Penguins TV. We're going to have a lot of inside scoops around the league. And the
real reason we're all here for the winners. There's going to be winners nonstop. Everybody
putting their bets in the chat. If you want to know when the best time to do it, it's going to be Thursday, 11 a.m. on the Spittin' Chicklets YouTube live.
You get in the chat. You throw questions at us. You give us your picks. We had a blast last year.
Singzy, still in Army's basement. He was in the chat. He ended up on the show. Great times by all.
And then this year,idays we're gonna have
it on podcast form so wherever you listen your podcast friday game notes the boys are back
thursday 11 a.m everybody rides i mean talk about some huge fucking news for the chicklets world
we're talking about chicklets tv we got a sandbagger dropping the podcast itself is humming
and now we got the arm dog and merle's back. And I love this setup, G.
So the plan is on Thursdays, because of the response last year during playoffs and the live chat and everybody likes to be buzzing, especially in the middle of the day.
Maybe some people are a little bored at work.
They want to have a fun lunch break.
So they hop on at what time on Thursday live and then it drops on Fridays as a podcast on our channels.
Yeah. So on Thursdays, it'll be on the Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel at 11 a.m. The Game
Notes guys will go live and then it will be on their own podcast feed in the morning on Friday.
So they will have their own podcast feed, but the video where you can watch live,
where you can join in on the comments, is on thursday at 11 a.m
eastern time and it's i i gotta give it to singzy we told colby you know we were talking about
recording it as a podcast weekly he couldn't do it he couldn't give up singzy he couldn't give up
the chat so get in the chat every wednesday every thursday 11 a.m eastern time so another reason to
subscribe to the YouTube uh just over
we just hit over 300k as I mentioned earlier well I'm fucking pumping our fucking guys tires here
you want to try you want me to hand it over to you to tire pump huh I could tire pump I'm Jumbo
Joe right now I can do whatever the fuck I want I love game notes game game notes just is a
completely different element than what we do more than anything I would say it's it's about kind of
what's going on that night well that was the playoffs but they're just covering different type things
they'll probably go into some college hockey things some junior things a little bit more
than maybe we would and they have a gambling aspect and obviously barstool isn't owned by
a gambling company anymore and i'm hopefully at some point we're back in with with some company
and we could see what we do in terms of bringing action to you guys but murals is a degenerate
gambler that's just how it works so he's got the lines he's been hot as a pistol and
over in europe apparently so obviously us having game notes back i enjoy it because i get to listen
to it and i love it i can't listen to our shows can't hear myself talk but i listen to those two
and i get to hop on once in a while and i love the fact that it's live because it just it like
biz said thursday now at 11 AM,
everyone has something to look forward to.
Yeah.
So usually you got Tuesday,
our pod drops.
And then Wednesdays we got videos coming out,
whether it's sandbag or chicklets TV,
you got Thursday live action.
And then if you missed it,
boom,
we hit you on Friday.
That's what we want to do.
We want to provide our,
our,
our viewers and listeners with more content.
And another thing too,
is they do a couple of fun segments.
What's the beer league one they do.
So they do beer league heroes,
beer league heroes.
So that's the cool thing is like,
we're kind of mixing the once a month podcast that we did with the daily show.
Cause with the month,
once a month podcast,
we had riding the bus,
beer league heroes,
show reminds these,
all these cool little segments.
Those will be incorporated on thursdays into the
the weekly show and as a last reminder uh we just hit over 300k on our spit and chicklets youtube
channel and ryan whitney can kiss my ass or or ryan the pirate
fuck off mid matey Get out of my face. Before we go any further, I got to talk about Pink Whitney.
I got to talk about this epic NYC trip that you could send your buddy and three more friends on.
And actually, Biz mentioned the Pink Whitney appearance in Edmonton at the Ice House.
Shots flying.
He actually said that many people were enjoying a little bit of uh soda water with
their pink whitney if it was if it wasn't on the ice with soda water it was shots so whatever way
you drink it we're happy you're drinking it we love to drink it ourselves i like as i mentioned
the energy drink in there when i'm a little tired i love just ripping a couple shots with g when
we're watching games and streaming games you know know, wintertime's cold, wintertime's around the corner. If you're in Canada, many places, it's already here.
And what better way to warm up from the inside than a little pink wit around the fire?
And also, as I mentioned, the NYC trip. If you have a buddy who loves to party and loves Pink
Whitney, you got to nominate him. You got to nominate him or her, and they could win the Pink
Whitney New York City trip. One lucky winner will receive an epic New York City trip for them and three friends,
complete with a tour of Barstool headquarters. You can go in there. If you love some certain
Barstool personalities, you can give them a hug. If you hate them, you can tell them to your face,
I can't stand you, but you'd be in the headquarters, and it's all because of Pink Whitney.
The secondary prize winners will receive Pink Whitney party packs with everything you
and your crew need to take your shot and throw the
ultimate house party. It's easy to enter.
Go to PinkWhitney.com
to enter your info. Nominate
your life of the party buddy and
describe how they always make the party next
level for a chance to win the ultimate Pink
Whitney New York City trip. And of
course, make sure to head on over to your local bar
and order up some Pinkwit.
All right, boys, let's shift over to the NHL.
Crazy big news this week.
We were all wondering why Shane Pinto hadn't signed with Ottawa yet.
Well, he was under investigation by the NHL and they suspended him for 41 fucking games
for activities relating to sports wagering.
The league found no evidence.
He bet on NHL games,
but the union helped negotiate the suspension.
The league considers it a closed matter.
Obviously, something had to have happened to suspend him this long,
but does it feel like maybe he just is being made an example of here?
Like he didn't do anything maliciously or probably maybe didn't know he did it,
and now they're going to string him up just to let everyone else know,
don't fuck around with this stuff.
Is that the vibe you get with?
It is.
I think it makes a lot of sense for most people who watch hockey,
whether they gamble or not, to see all of the gambling around the league.
And I mean, let's not let's not lie. Like the picture a lot of articles used of him when the news broke of Bet365 on his helmet is just all time ironic.
What's the word?
Hit the pinto parlay, baby.
Let's go.
So I think, R.A., people are like, what the hell?
If he didn't bet on hockey, what's the big deal?
I mean, from the time I played, whether it was pools every week
or betting on Sunday NFL or Saturday college football,
guys bet.
They like to bet.
They're adults.
It's their own money.
I think what you said is true.
I think the NHL is so paranoid about their involvement with gambling
and their involvement in terms of having to have these games
be so clearly reffed by the letter of the law,
even though we've had issues with refs
but all all of those things like added up they can't have any sort of um people wondering or
panicking that there's like guys betting on games so it's like we're gonna lay the hammer down on
him and apparently i was reading they the league wanted to be longer so the pa probably got a
little bit of what they wanted to be longer
than half the fucking season yes and and and i think the pa got a win and getting it a little
less and also getting it where the games from the first game of the year count even though he hasn't
been signed or playing so in the end right he'll only miss whatever it is 35 games what i don't
know how i think they played well fuck he fuck, he hasn't signed yet, right?
Yeah, that's what I'm confused about.
Well, that's the biggest thing.
I mean, I got a million things to talk about about this,
but I mean, talk about your negotiating power and where it went to where it is now.
And RA, you mentioned that potentially
it's a reason why he hasn't signed.
From my understanding,
they were just made aware of this a few weeks ago.
So it went from like a little bit of a holdout
regarding to like what he thinks his salary should be
and what their cap situation is at,
to all of a sudden you've now as an agent reached this problem
to be like, maybe we should just take what they originally offered.
Yeah, he's basically, I mean, there's no need to sign him now
because he can't play and it'll count against the cap.
It doesn't do anybody any good to sign him right now
really so if anything it did delay some time for Ottawa and I was actually wondering if
like how does it work with like let's say he ends up signing a three-year deal where they
structured it where this year maybe he only makes a million bucks and then the next two he makes
he's like a little bit more backloaded. Can he avoid money on the suspension
or does it come down to what the AAV is?
So these are all questions that I have
for how this is going to play out
from his pocketbook perspective.
Well, he would also say he wouldn't be getting paid
until game 42 of this season anyways, right?
So it does make sense.
I don't know, maybe I'm wrong.
Will they not sign him until right before he plays?
Although, do you have to be signed to be practicing?
Because they're going to want him practicing at some point if he's not already.
I don't know what's going on with that.
I mean, it's an unprecedented case.
We've never seen this before.
We've never seen this go down.
So I don't know in the end how it ends up working out.
But he's taking a hit to his to his bank account no matter
what he's getting crushed i would love to know what the pinto parlay was that he put the money
on now i think we need to explain and you might have already already and i was just in my own
fucking head um it was is it not considered proxy gambling as to basically what the allegation is
where he was out of state or out of province of where you're
legally allowed to gamble and he had a friend log into his account to place the bet now you've
already addressed the fact that it's been confirmed that it was not hockey related so that's where to
me it's like why the fuck does it matter but given when you sign up and you click all the yes i accept proxy gambling is the illegal aspect
in which when he did that his friend logged in automatically it sends an alert to the gambling
company and then people are made aware and it just so happens that this guy plays professional sports
and that is the ultimate no-no so i don't understand how would it what what would alert
to what if the kid was in the state doing where it's legal?
Or was this all through a bookie?
Because it's probably attached to your device.
And knowing that it's a different device that's logging in, it then tracks it.
That's to me, and once again, RA, you read, and I don't know if it's been confirmed,
that there's confirmation that it wasn't on hockey.
So that's where I'm like, I feel like as little as it seems,
I get why it could be considered a proxy bet
and that was the offense itself,
but why were they pushing to get it further
of a suspension if there was no hockey involvement?
I think as I already said,
because they want to nip this thing in the bud, dude.
They want to make an example out of him to make basically scare every other player around the league.
Which, mind you, there's got to be some players shaking their boots when this news broke.
Hey, that's kind of like me when Jans is like, hey, I'm pretty sure that Jack 3D is illegal.
And I'm like, what?
What do you mean?
And then I looked into it later and sure enough, I could have tested positive for substance abuse
in the National Hockey League.
And I think that that sussies what?
Is that automatic 20?
So like you just said, there's probably a lot of guys
being like, wait a minute.
You can get sussied 41 games, and then now they're
getting rid of the burner phones.
But RA, was he gambling through a bookie or legally?
I believe it was legal because I think the company
actually snitched on him. I mean, hey, say what you know about the local shops, but they're not going to fucking rattle on you gambling through a bookie or legally i believe it was legal because i think the company actually
snitched on him i mean hey say say what you about the local shops but they're not gonna fucking rat
on you when you fucking bet yeah exactly because yeah they they know who it is so i think they may
be uh pay a little extra attention to it and like elliot freeman said uh according to multiple
sources one of the major issues leading to pinto's penalty was along the lines of proxy betting where
another individual or individuals have access to a legal account in his name. Companies like FanDuel specifically banned
this practice. The state of New Jersey fined DraftKings 150,000 back in March of 22 for
allowing large and illegal proxy bets. I guess you're just not allowed to have people put your
bets in for you. And if they know he was playing in Ottawa and there were bets being put in Long
Island, even though it was a legal place, he wasn't there.
And I mean, but even that, 41 games for that,
it just, that's where it gets a little.
I don't think anyone agrees with how long the suspension is.
It's like, what are we doing here?
Sure.
Did you see the one guy's tweet that had the suspension listed out
and then said, brought to you by FanDuelDraft?
Oh, yeah.
Bet by 65. Petra McGuire, fan dual draft oh yeah that was so good that is uh i had a few other things written down here uh like overall though
ottawa senators that's not the only reason that they're getting the start of the podcast here
they're the headline hogs so with that also have came some rumors now wit i don't know if you've
heard this rumor but i had a legitimate ottawa senator's jock sniffing account saying that they believe that
dorian is going to be out soon and his replacement is shirely some people hearing me say this right
now are like you're a fucking internet loser for reading all these rumors now in the same breath
have you guys not heard the same shit and the same rumblings there are a lot of rumblings that dorian will be out and i think the main reason being i mean they're four and four
right now so it's not an ideal start but but it could be a lot worse um look at calgary um but
it's the new ownership right so it's a new owner that that comes in and like they got fans that
want dj smith gone they got fans that want dorian gone. They got fans that want Dorian gone. And maybe he actually takes a step back and doesn't rush into anything.
Or maybe he's the type of owner where he's like, I want some change.
I want my hand, my fingerprints all over this thing.
So I think where there's smoke, there's fire.
We've heard a lot of rumblings about Dorian probably being out.
I think there's probably Oiler fans.
Oh, there it is.
His first bottle hose.
Good job, Biz.
Look how hydrated I am.
Biz was peeing while speaking.
I'm going to put this a little farther so I don't mix him up.
It's hard.
I don't know, man.
Any change, whether it be a trade or a coaching firing or a GM firing,
eight games in, you've got to give it until 20 games, right?
I mean, December 1st, right around then,
it just seemed to be a little bit of a rush.
Now, Ottawa, who is adamant about starting better this year, considering every year they have poor starts and they're out of it in February.
They are four and four.
Shabbat's out a month.
Brandstrom's out.
They announced how long he's out.
They haven't put a time, but he's definitely caught.
Thank God that animal warrior Brady Kachuk is actually okay.
It looked like he buckled his elbow or shoulder.
Not only did he come back, he came back and fought.
If he was out, all bets are off for that team their entire season.
But it just seems like there's a restlessness in Ottawa.
And I don't really blame the fan base.
But as I've kind of reminded people with the Oilers,
even though I lost my mind and tweeted out they stink, I took it back.
Be patient.
Four and four.
You're just emotional.
Let's see what they do through 20 games.
It's like I just can't get away with burying teams right away
unless they're the Sharks.
Even though I said Capitals are horrible and they've won three in a row.
Oh, yeah.
They're buzzing, baby.
I'm back.
San Jose, though, what do they got?
Nine games played, nine goals, four.
I think that the best AHL team could beat them in a seven-game series right now.
I think they might go down as a top five worst team ever in the league.
And I love Mike Greer, and I love Dave Quinn.
I mean, there's just not much there.
What else are you going to do?
They have six number seven defensemen.
So, unfortunately for San Jose. You know you know what though Macklin Celebrini's waiting
they got Will Smith last year they have another tough year then they get another one and things
can turn around quick but it's going to be a grind for those poor bastards in San Jose man
uh but to go back to what you were saying though and it's it's Michael Anlauer is that how you say
the new owner's name yes yeah it's it's his welcome to the jungle moment you know you you take over the team you
know it's it's exciting fans are coming up taking pictures all of a sudden uh gambling allegations
sussy 41 games uh now there's rumors about you potentially trying to can the gm8 games in and
now shabbat's out of lineup so this So this is a major, major point of adversity
for the Ottawa Senators,
and I'm very interested to see how they handle it
because we said this before the season started.
I think we had Buffalo, Ottawa, and then Detroit
as that third team in that bubble
whether it was their time to step up
and finally show us something.
Detroit's looking real good real early,
and all of a sudden, I don't know,
Buffalo and Ottawa, a little bit shaky little shaky boys buffalo's turned it around a little bit
dalene's on a nine game point streak by the way he is fucking lame guys hammering guys hammering
and uh one of the guys help a turn around to his tuck who i think that uh i think one of the the
elements that the buffalo sabers lack a little bit is that toughness and grittiness where probably
a big component is to them picking up Greenway last, was that last, last year at the deadline,
they picked them up.
Yeah.
And, and, you know, talk kind of being one of those other guys where if you look around,
there's not many guys in the locker room who could do it, but he, he gotten that dust up
the other night and he's been throwing the weight around too.
So nice to see him
elevating his game and doing
other things besides scoring and setting up
plays so definitely some
question marks but they have a tough game actually
we got them Wednesday on TNT
against Philly who's been
playing their dicks off
and so is Montreal it's been
an interesting start to
this season I mean
I think Ottawa's going to get it going.
The no-shabat could be a real kick in the dick.
I'd like to think that Corpozalo really starts figuring it out.
But all three of those teams, they've had really moments of looking great,
especially Detroit.
But even Detroit's had a little, you know, Boston kicked the shit out of them.
And there's been a couple little setbacks for all three in terms of those are the three that are looking to make the leap.
And I go back to something that Paul Maurice said about Montour.
And it was when he first got there.
He goes, I just told him to go.
I took the reins off him.
And with Shabbat being out, sometimes it's a blessing in disguise for this Sanderson kid who he looks incredible right now.
And he seems like to be that
guy who's going to be a number one defenseman in this league i mean he's fucking pretty close to
getting there already but for him to step up in this moment and kind of use those extra minutes
and see where his game can go if i'm the ottawa centers i ain't holding them back on ice time i'm
saying fucking take the reins off and let them go and then you got another guy in chikrin so
they're okay back there.
And let's see if they can weather this storm off.
Yeah, this kid Greg's been getting a lot of play in Ottawa with no pinto.
He's been doing all right.
I think he's second or third in rookie scoring so far.
So just another note on the Sharks biz.
I think we got to give a little round of snaps for Cockerton
and Mackenzie Black with the two goalies.
They both had 907 save percentage on that team.
That's pretty impressive.
I know it's probably something from the 80s or 90s,
but on that team, as much as they're getting dummied,
those guys are playing their asses off.
I watched a couple of Shox games, so I just want to give them a little shout-out.
All right.
You always show a little love for the goaltenders.
Just to wrap up the gambling thing, guys gamble.
A lot of guys around the league when i played and i'm
sure it's no different now they love throwing a little action around and i think there's no
problem with that as long as you're betting responsibly it's not your as long as you're
not betting outside your means it's just a rule is a rule right and i i guess if if you're gonna
want to play in the nhl even though the rule may sound stupid to a lot of people it's a rule you
gotta follow so unfortunately for him he gets the brunt of the punishment he gets the the peepee Playing the NHL, even though the rule may sound stupid to a lot of people, it's a rule you got to follow.
So unfortunately for him, he gets the brunt of the punishment.
He gets the pee-pee whack to make sure and try to scare other players.
But that's a kick in the dick for not only Pinto, but for the Sens.
I think we can all agree there's a life lesson here, and it's get a bookie.
Right?
It's R.A.
I mean, you're
Hey, guy.
The local guy's not going to drop a dime on you.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, did we lose him? Oh, there he is. We lost you for a sec. It's your shitty internet. I mean, you're a guy. The local guys aren't going to drop a dime on you. I'll tell you that. Oh, did we lose him?
Oh, there he is.
We lost him for a second.
It's your shitty Internet again.
No, guy.
I went Fios, man.
Fios has been all an ass.
Yeah.
I don't know what the fuck's going on tonight.
The Heritage Classic was Sunday night, Biz.
Both teams come in slumping.
Oilers won 5-1.
They had lost four straight.
Calgary, same thing.
They lost four straight.
Two teams going down.
But I don't know, Whit, did your team get a little burst of life last night it's only one game but did you see
something different conor mcdavey come back had an assist 23 minutes of ice sun is shining in
edmonton today we're back baby we're back oh yeah we're back guys and all you haters it's one game
82 something changed guys something changed and let me tell you, that Minnesota game was the
most angry I've ever been since I became an Oilers fan after I got booed out of town and then stuck
with them. And I was almost ready to quit. I really was. To get dominated in the third period
like that by Minnesota was completely disgusting. I wanted to throw up. And then they go home and
they lay an egg. Jonathan Quick shuts them out. 3-0.
They get booed off the ice.
Things were down.
Things were ugly.
It was nonstop rain or shit snow, whatever you want to call it in Edmonton.
And then everything kind of, as Biz said, the skies, they became clear.
They became sunny.
It maybe got to 4 degrees.
And Connor Mcid came back but connor mcdavid
was not the guy in this game that carried the mail for the oilers it was a vander kane he put
him on his back he put him on his back and after that quote with scott oak and hockey night in
canada he was pissed off about his ice time he went and got in a fight he kept playing pretty
well even in minnesota he was one of the bright spots no one was good against the rangers and then he shows up to this outdoor game he has a goal and two assists
he goes in run someone over and then says what are you gonna do what is anyone gonna do that's
what he said an unreal clip that which is i mean talk about a slap in the face to the calgary flames
biz that's that's that's straight up calling out the entire team. Nobody here can do shit to me because I'll dummy any one of you. So Evander Kane stepping up,
picking up that team and getting McDavid back. He looked phenomenal. He had the first chance
of the game, I think a couple minutes in a beautiful rush that I thought he beat Markstrom,
but it went wide maybe through his legs. But he was buzzing around all night. Leon with that
beautiful pass to Hyman. Hyman has like six points in three outdoor games too the guy just a honey badger
so that is the edmonton oilers hockey that we need to play and to win a game like that in front of
55 000 beautiful edmonton oiler fans it just can change the entire vibe of a season and what they
did was they played the way Sidney Crosby's played
his whole career. They played like grinders. They have superstars, they have ultra skill,
and they grinded. They played like a team with no skill and no ability to create. And the only
two goals they gave up were on five on threes. They gave up two like minute and a half five on
threes. That's unacceptable. You got to stay out of the box when you're already in the box.
And they scored two as the guy was basically getting out to make it five on threes. That's unacceptable. You've got to stay out of the box when you're already in the box, and they scored two
as the guy was basically getting out to make it
five on four. Other than that, five on
five domination. Skinner looked
great. Wasn't even tested that much.
Evan Bouchard can be a star in this
league. He's got to keep it simple. He's
got to be, just play that easy game.
I tell all these young defensemen I meet,
play the easy game, guys. Don't do what
I did. You see a man open, pass it to him.
Don't give it that extra dust off.
And that's what the Oilers are doing.
They're playing with speed.
They were playing in the other team's zone.
They were playing physical.
And they had a bunch of guys show up who hadn't shown up in quite a while.
So onward and upward.
Yes, right now we have five points through, I think, nine games.
Not ideal.
But to just smack around the shitbag Flames who really,
really stink is
a great feeling. So let's go Oilers
and now we turn
into a wagon. And I'm sorry for almost
quitting.
What a breakdown from the
pirate wit. I love
outdoor games too, man.
I just look back at getting to play in one.
Obviously the one where Crosby scores the shootout winner in the snow at Ralph Wilson Stadium.
I love watching them.
The audio of the game.
You hear the skates cutting into the ice.
It's a great event.
They did a fantastic job.
It was 20 years since Montreal beat Edmonton 4-3 at the same stadium, I believe.
So I just really enjoyed it.
Oilers uniforms, incredible.
Flames, horrible. Oilers unis, just the big number, I believe. So I just really enjoyed it. Oilers uniforms, incredible. Flames, horrible.
Oilers, Unis, just the big number in the middle.
Oh, I thought the Flames were nice too.
Yeah, of course you did.
They're one of your 19 teams.
No, no, I'm not on their wagon anymore.
Now, it seems as if though the Edmonton Oilers
have put life back in you.
You were a little bit depressed last week,
but you just seem like a different person right now.
Yes, because the start is so bad and it's exactly what i hoped wouldn't happen but it's such a long season it's a
long grind of a year and the oilers always go through a shitty part of december and i think
they just got it out of the way in october i really do i would say from how the the whole
week looked like it was going to play out
to potentially Connor McDavid not playing, that was devastating.
People were rattled.
He actually talked after the game and thanked the training staff.
These guys are basically Kobe beef by the time these trainers are done
massaging them and getting whatever he had injured ready to play in that game.
So I think there was a big sigh of relief on Saturday
when he ended up skating.
Then they ended up coming out in those awesome uniforms,
like the oil guys.
Right off the rig.
Right off the rig.
A couple of rig pigs coming off.
And I swear,
Connor McDavid must own the Nickelback catalog.
Did he say that they were one of the greatest bands ever?
Yeah.
But did he mean in Canada? It doesn't matter. catalog he's got all that they were one of the greatest bands ever yeah one nickelback in canada
it doesn't matter his they are probably their their top three greatest canadian bands ever
with 100 right i get what you're saying though biz every time i feel like conor mcdavid is on
a mic now you get like him being like he's he's he'sback. He's Nickelback's manager.
100.
He must be.
He talks about them at Boots and Hearts.
But for a band who used to get shit on,
where now I feel like they've came around now
where everyone feels like they could admit that they love Nickelback,
where it was the easiest band to shit on in the world
for a period of time there.
Now, R.A., being an American, were you aware of that like were you aware of how much they got shat on yeah i feel like they went through a fred
durst type shitting yeah it's it like almost seemed excessive i mean i don't think they're
not my cup of tea but i don't think they're like a bad band or atrocious i don't know people just
like goofed on them and you know they didn't like get mad about it i mean the canadians they were
just like okay no no worries and they just kept beating the drum, playing the instruments.
I thought they always kind of got a bad rap just because, I don't know,
people just kind of kicked them when they went down.
Absolutely they did.
But people who like them love their jams.
It became the cool thing on the internet to make fun and knuckle back.
They got some great jams.
They rip it up.
They're an Alberta band.
Made total sense for them to be there.
This is a bigger relationship.
Did you see BX could drop the three or four different Nickelback tunes
into him describing one of the plays on the ice?
He was on, I think he was with Ron McClain, Jen Botterill, and someone else.
None of them caught on to it.
It was just puns galore ripping through highlights.
And he had to tell everyone.
I guess the joke never lands if you have to explain to everyone
after what you were doing.
It was like Biz's story about the limo driver.
You know, fucking McDavid's cranking himself off to the clips
of Nickelback being sung in the background.
But I think that it's probably just as big of a bromance
as Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift right now. Is McDavid just constantly gassing up one of the greatest think that it's it's probably just as big of a bromance as travis kelse and and taylor swift
right now is mcdavid just constantly gassing up one of the greatest greatest canadian bands of
all time they played i thought that was a really cool moment uh outside of that um where i would
say they kind of went back to their old style of leaning heavily on the stars like what was it
mcdavid close to 24 minutes on the stars. No,
but,
but we talked about ice time wise,
ice time wise,
where they ended up going 70 again.
So,
uh,
yeah,
all in all a much needed big performance.
And you,
you touched on Calgary a little bit.
I feel like the conversation in Calgary right now,
after this horrible start where I had to make a playoffs,
uh,
I thought that they were going to figure out as a core,
but outside of them playing bad,
did we talk last podcast about Zdorov's comments?
No, we didn't.
No.
It seems like it's leaking a little bit into the dressing room at this point.
No excuses.
I mean, we should just roll this clip.
There's some things need to get working out,
but I think main thing for us, we're just not working as a unit yet.
We have too many individuals playing by themselves so I think we just we're gonna figure out if we want to play as the team or we want to
play as the home guy. So how do you get everyone to buy in collectively? Is it a team meeting?
Like how do you get those individuals to grow in the same direction? Yeah I mean we watch
videos we agree on some stuff together so hopefully we bring the better effort to make.
Is that something that you and my players talk about? Guys being too much?
Yeah we do talk about it.
Are those uncomfortable conversations?
Well you got to be uncomfortable in your life I think. I don't think you should be
comfortable in your life or you're not gonna be best version of yourself you know what I mean so I think it's
definitely good thing for a team we only six games into the season and we're
trying to figure out who's want to be here who wants to play for her so we got
lots of time you know I don't think our division teams only one team is rolling
right now pretty much everybody's in the same boat as us.
So I think we can definitely use some wins.
Does it concern you that these are a little bit the same conversation
that you had last season?
Well, last season was different.
Like the...
I mean...
It was Daryl.
Now there's no Daryl, so there's no excuses.
You know what I mean?
You guys don't like hard coaches,
you don't like soft coaches,
you don't like good coaches, fair?
It's a new day league.
You come up here, you play hard,
and you just leave everything on the ice.
I think that's how simple it is.
I will say this.
That's some leadership right there, though.
That's not easy to do because you're saying stuff
and you're not directly calling out teammates,
but you are calling guys out.
And it's not that easy to go up there and say that in front of reporters.
And I think he took it upon himself to say, like,
this is getting ridiculous.
And I do think, like, their core there is just they haven't played
very well like i know cadre got a goal in in the game he's struggled big time yeah i don't know
what it is about about huberdo and just looking like a different i was just gonna bring them
them two up is kind of where the conversation has shifted as to what's going to happen here
moving forward because this team's in limbo with a lot of their uh their core group up coming up for for free agency right so who's going to stay who's
going to go the two big guys that they have locked in and cadre and huberdo like we just mentioned
leaning on your stars with ice time huberdo again in that outdoor game 16 minutes uh cadre i know
we had that goal but 17 minutes where you're paying these guys handsomely
i feel especially the way the season has started even if maybe their game's not there where you
don't think that they deserve the ice time you just gotta roll go roll them 20 minutes for the
next 10 15 games what do you have to lose and see if with providing them the more ice time equates
to them having more production now you might be a calgary flames fan saying like well they haven't earned it it's like well what else what else you
gonna do you're gonna fucking just roll four lines constantly and continue to fucking you know
dwindle away the way they have been to start the year hubert always making what nine and a half
maybe or over ten ten and a half ten and a half play him 20 a half. Play him 20 minutes.
And if he can't handle it and the pace is too much.
And one of the other things I keep hearing around.
And listen, his stats aren't horrible.
I think he has two goals three assists.
It's the play.
It's the play.
It's not carrying the play and the pace of play.
And then one of the things I keep hearing is maybe his heart was left in Florida.
He loved playing there.
He loved the group of guys there.
And we heard about his response to when he heard that he'd been traded.
He was fucking furious.
And sometimes it takes a little bit of time to get adapted.
But one of the things that Zdorov did mention, it's like, well, you can't fucking blame Sutter anymore because he's gone.
he's gone so and if the fact that Zdorov has to mention that outside the locker room tends to make me believe it's like who's taking control of the leadership inside the locker room because I feel
like when you have to then use the media in order to get your message across that is a frustration
boiling point which you leave you see you look at the start of the game at the heritage classic
awful first period did I like the push they had in the second yes but too little too late and a situation where it doesn't look like it's going to turn around
anytime soon oh and it's lindholm's coming up and hannifin's coming up and tanev's coming up so it's
all these question marks in terms of like who's going to be here who wants to be here who doesn't
want to be here i feel bad for markstrom a little bit it's not exactly like he's getting a ton of offensive support but he could also probably be a little bit better it's
just it's been an absolute nightmare start and I do think that group has way more to give and
they'll figure it out at some point it's just running out of time you can't win the cup now
but you can lose the shit out of it and right now the way they're playing and and like they got
boot off the ice at home Thursday night as well I think they lost three nothing too so at some point
I think Zdorov's main thing is like guys like we have no other excuses everything we didn't like
about last year has changed we got the new coach we got guys who say they want to be here it's like
it's on us now and at
some point when players realize like we can't blame anyone but ourselves you'd like to think
that they'd wake up and get going a little bit i don't know how fast of a team they are like
watching that edmonton's a pretty fast team they were i mean they made them look like they were
skating in molasses so even with godry's also not known as the fastest. And neither is Huberto. And neither is Huberto, yeah.
Now, Coronado, I love Coronado's game as a rookie.
He can move.
He's got a great shot.
Get him some more minutes.
I mean, I know he's playing on a top line,
and you do have to forget,
I think Rasmus Andersen might be their best D-man.
He wasn't playing with the suspension
after the hit on line A,
so it's just, you gotta, I said it,
give it 20 games,
but if it doesn't switch around,
you're fucked.
My other thing I was going to mention is overall from the battle of Alberta and
the heritage classic.
And when they had the game,
I think they should look to do this every two years and talk about the
storyline going in both teams struggling.
To me,
that was just as impactful as if both teams were playing well,
there was so much drama surrounding it where they should every two years
make that the first game of the Battle of Alberta
when the two teams meet for the first time in the regular season.
Oh, I thought you meant every two years have two Canadian teams play.
No, I just  and then you switch it to venues
where you go where the Stampeders play
because they have a beautiful CFL stadium as well
where you'll sell that game out every time.
You don't need to overthink it, and especially in this case,
you had all these implications going in.
I just think it's an easy sell.
It's the perfect time of year where it was a cold game,
and I didn't realize how cold it had already gotten in Edmonton,
because I was in Vancouver for a few days before,
where it was beautiful.
You could have maybe wore a T-shirt outside during the day,
where it's the perfect coldness
where you're not doing it in the dead of winter.
You're doing it around the perfect time of year
to kick things off.
And it was just an unbelievable event
with, of course, the festivities included.
So people were jazzed up and you mentioned that crowd
and it looked lively.
All right, I just didn't want to touch on-
I guess the beer lines were nightmares, Biz.
Oh, were they?
They might have to do something about that and bring in more beer tents or whatever
because I guess guys were waiting in line 45 minutes for a beer.
Oh, that's not fun.
You can't have that.
That seemed to be the case when they ended up doing it at Notre Dame Stadium
when I was there for that outdoor game.
Yeah, we were all there for that one, but we were in a box, bitch.
Well, I was actually working doing an NHL first-timer, so suck on that, bitch.
300,000 followers on the Spittin' Chickens YouTube channel, folks.
And the only thing I wanted to mention about the experience
was I got to go there the night before to Ice House
for a Pink Whitney appearance.
Anytime we go to Alberta, the fan response,
and keep in mind, R.A. wasn't there.
None of our guys, it was just me and Pasha at the ice house.
It's attached to the,
to the rink there.
Uh,
450 people showed up.
The appearance was supposed to be an hour long from six to seven.
I ended up staying just over three hours to tell everybody hello and shake
everybody's hand.
And the whole staff was incredible.
They re they run a first class organization,
whether it's the ice House or Brewhouses,
and there's 40 locations across all of Canada.
They poured a shot
for every single person
that was there.
We gave out 450 shots
of Pink Whitney.
I got the,
I obviously am off the sauce,
so if I would have done one
with every fucking person,
I would have looked like
R.A. at Chicklet's Cup
picking boogers
out of my asshole.
Now, I just want to thank,
of course,
Give me a Cadillac.
Give me a Cadillac margarita pick, Wendy.
So I want to thank the entire staff of Ice House,
all the servers, the people who showed up.
And I have this written down because every time,
like once a month, Wayne will always say,
if you ever talk about Edmonton on the podcast,
just the people of Edmonton are the best people on earth.
Just tell them thank you.
And he is bang on because going there, they treat us with complete respect.
They roll out the red carpet.
Even so much so as we had this group of people bring me over.
They brought me over like pink Whitney laced weed.
They brought me over a joint RA that was rolled as a barstool.
And it had the barstool logo on top.
It was done with all the paper that they do.
What do you call them?
The zigzags?
Save me a leg.
Western Canadians are the best people.
The best.
Like Saskatchewan, Alberta.
Oh, my God.
You guys rock.
And you know what we should have mentioned?
Thursday night in Edmonton, even though they got booed off the ice,
Charlie Huddy and Doug Waite got honored into the Edmonton Oilers Hall of Fame. And it was pretty cool. Paul Coffey and Charlie Huddy and Doug Waite got honored as into the Edmonton Oilers
Hall of Fame. And it was pretty cool. Paul Coffey and Charlie Huddy did an interview together.
I guess they were partners for a really long time on those Oilers teams. Huddy won five cups with
them. And then Doug Waite, an American hockey legend who was a superstar in Edmonton and his
game was rising after he got traded over from the Rangers, I believe. And then that was the time of
when Edmonton, they really couldn't pay him.
I think I'm pretty sure that's what happened.
And he moved on.
But what a player he was.
And I always think of him with the separated shoulder, barely being able to raise the cup
in Carolina.
So Billy Guerin was able to kind of be there for him.
They're very close friends.
And he gave a little like he said something to the camera that they played on the broadcast
that night.
So two Oilers legends, even though Waite didn't get a cup there,
he was an amazing player.
And Charlie Huddy, just your stay-at-home, cup-winning leader defenseman
that obviously has meant a lot to the Oilers over the years.
So that was a cool thing to see those guys go in the ring of honor.
And we often talk about gear wear on the podcast, and I would say my first experience seeing blue tux live in the ring of honor and uh we often talk about gear wear on the podcast and i would say my
first experience seeing blue tux live in the flesh were on dougie wait yeah and he pulled it off oh
i think at the time he was playing for the st louis blues and uh he was playing point on the
power play and it was it was a game i saw in detroit and he played the he would play the full
two minutes we gotta get d get Dougie Wade on.
Yeah, we got to get him on.
We got to get him on.
That's an in-person guy, I think, too.
You have to be of special caliber to just get the coach in,
stay on for the full two-minute power play.
Biz, we got to get to your rookie friend, Logan Cooley, in a little bit.
We didn't even announce that guest yet.
We got so revved up with the Halloween stuff at the beginning.
Arizona rookie, Logan Cooley, getting to him shortly.
And we also have Kevin Dahlman, the leading scoring defenseman in KHL history.
So a couple of the views on tap.
But first, we got to talk about Jonathan Quickman, 37 years old.
I think everybody probably thought he was going to retire after the last season.
You know, he gets traded to Columbus, ends up at Vegas, you know, gets a third Stanley Cup.
2-0 with a 9.82 save percentage, 0.41 goals against, 56 saves on 57 shots.
Again, shuts out Edmonton.
He's now 20th on the all-time list for
shutouts. He extends his American
goalie record. But the Rangers, boys,
you guys were calling him Fugazi. At least you were a biz.
I don't know who Biz was. I'm not changing
my opinion on the fact that I hate the New York
Rangers. I'm allowed to
hate a team or two teams. 100.
I hate many. I hate many.
But you said they'd miss the playoffs.
That's different than hating.
I don't give a fuck.
They still might.
Maybe they'll implode.
Who knows?
They are very, very good.
Yes, they are.
Dude, they're D.
They're right up there as top D in the league.
Adam Fox, Saturday night in Vancouver, put on an absolute clinic.
He had this beautiful tip-in goal.
He had another unreal assist.
I think they're 4-0 on their Western trip right now,
and they got one more game to play against Winnipeg.
But the D-man nobody really knows about,
besides Rangers fans maybe, is this Braden Schneider.
Oh, this guy can play.
He's on their third pair right now.
He was a first-round pick a few years back.
This guy is nasty, dude.
They got Keiondre Miller. They, dude. They got Keandre Miller.
They got Fox.
They got Trouba.
I love that Lingren.
That Lingren's a fucking honey badger.
That's a hell of a hockey team, dude.
And Panarin's come out light to fire.
He's just blazing up this league.
It's just a very good team.
And then with Shusterkin, it's like they could win the Stanley Cup.
I know it may sound crazy to some people.
If the Rangers won the Stanley Cup, I would not be surprised at all.
I'll say that.
I don't want to hear it.
Shut the fuck up.
So you're saying, okay, let's get this.
Let's get this over with.
Did you say they were going to miss the playoffs because you hate them so much
or did you actually think they would?
No, because I fucking hate them.
I don't want to root for them.
I don't want to say they're going to make the playoffs.
And I agree with you.
They look very dangerous right now.
Between the goaltending, between an unbelievable sixth defenseman they have rolling in,
it's kind of like you talk about Vegas, where there's really not a lot of weak links back there.
And what was the one thing that we said would be a major determining factor
on whether they could compete for the Stanley Cup?
Whether the bottom six guys and Lafreniere and Kako getting going.
And the fact that he's off to a decent start,
four goals in his first eight games,
one, I'm happy for him because of the amount of pressure
that you face as a first overall pick
when you're not producing offensively
like you see like the rest of the guys are doing.
It could probably be a little bit tiresome.
But sometimes you have to give guys
a little bit of time to develop.
And if he does, then, and develops into what, you know, about first overall pick.
Look out.
This team is very fucking dangerous.
This is also with Goudreau and Wheeler and somebody else.
They don't have a point yet.
And I thought we would go in and get 40, 40, 50 points.
I think he still could.
Maybe that's obviously a reach 40 to 50 but
surprising to get zero production from those bottom guys and still be doing they're they're
atop the metro correct right now yep right now and they got friggin shisterkin dude jesus going
back to what started the whole conversation though i'm a firm believer in like guys who are
unbelievable guys behind the scenes who have had these awesome careers.
I like to see it have a happy ending,
and I feel like some guys deserve that.
Jonathan Quick, the teammate that he was, deserves that.
With how last year unfolded with getting traded,
going over to Columbus, and then getting moved over to Vegas,
which obviously was a storybook ending in itself,
now he gets to play.
He's from Connecticut, correct? Yeah, yeah. So he gets to play. He's from Connecticut, correct?
Yeah, yeah.
So he gets to play.
I'm sure it was his team growing up
and get to end there where,
Ari, you mentioned it,
with the hip surgeries and all the issues
from a health perspective that he's had,
the fact that he's still going
and then now getting to play
for probably his favorite team growing up,
that's a pretty cool situation
and also have an impact
and be at the top of his game again so
and awesome can you check i think he's like reachable to break the all-time wins mark by
u.s goalie from ryan miller i think he could probably get that this year i don't know if
you could check that one out but it's the perfect spot for him because of how good shisterkin is
yeah it's like we need you for 25 games um well we know what we're getting from you so far
at least and we have such a good deep team that I think he fits in perfectly with the Rangers makes
a lot of sense he's there and and one of the things that Sean Burke told me because he he was
um you know he still is goalie coach for the Vegas Golden Knights is how important he was
to Hill when Hill came in to calm him down on maybe a few goals that Hill thought that he wanted back,
where he'd say, buddy, you're fucking buzzing right now.
Let it go.
This happens throughout the course of a cup run where he had already had that experience.
So for a guy like Shusterkin to be able to lean on him like that, Witt, as you just said,
that is so fucking vital.
And on top of that, to be contributing, that's fucking huge for the Rangers.
So, hey, are they fugazis and frauds?
Yes.
Can I like a few members of their team yes but the fan base they can fuck off wait he's 30 wins away from
passing all right so i don't know if he'll play next year who knows that's probably going to be
tough to do this year unless just turkin gets injured knock on wood oh god don't say it oh
jesus it feels It feels like they
could still get to at least another get higher than
what they've done. I mean, they only have three forwards
that have more than one goal right now. Crider,
Lafreniere, Panarin. Other guys only have one goal.
I feel like they still got a lot more to
offer.
You mean like the cards?
Panarin.
Panarin. Panarin.
Buzzing down the wing.
I wouldn't be surprised if they speeded up a little bit.
Obviously, you want depth scoring.
You want Wheeler to get going.
You want Barkley Goodrow to get going.
But to see what they're doing right now with that lack of production from so many guys,
that's almost a good sign.
Absolutely.
I was alluding to it.
Panarin, eight-game season, opening point streak, too, to start the year.
So, yeah, the Rangers making the busy boy look a little silly right now I don't think they're
Fugazi at all or whatever boys uh let's send it over to Logan Cooley right about now uh Arizona
rookie biz you you gotta hook them up with us great little conversation we have with him we
are we're a little silly I'd say here biz try to get the the young guys laughing a little bit we
had a lot of fun with him chat we were we were very silly, and it was a pleasure talking to this young stud
coming up in the ranks.
And let's hope by the time this podcast drops, he is thanking the warthog
for telling him to shoot the pill.
Fingers crossed, and you'll know exactly what we talk about
after you enjoy Logan Cooley.
All right, guys, before we go any farther, I want to talk to you
about GameTime,
who is the exclusive ticketing partner at Barstool Sports created by fans for fans.
GameTime is a ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score last minute tickets on sports,
concerts and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price. I mentioned it last week. I'll
mention it again. GameTime hooked me up with
amazing tickets to the Devils game this past Friday, Devils versus Sabres. Jack Hugh,
right now, the greatest show on ice. It was a blast to watch, but I wouldn't have been able
to do it without GameTime. And like I said, it was all possible with the GameTime app.
The biggest last minute price drops can be found on the seats you thought you could never buy.
They'll even credit you 110 of the seat you thought you could never buy. They'll even
credit you 110 of the seat price if you can find a better deal elsewhere. You can also get limited
time discounts with exclusive, that's right, exclusive flash deals. The purchase process
takes just two taps in 10 seconds. And once you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to
your phone, no printer needed. The app also allows you to share tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone. No printer needed.
The app also allows you to share tickets with friends via text, which is super easy, especially as the guy.
I'm always the ticket guy heading to these all events.
I got to give tickets to WIT, Biz, RA, the whole nine yards.
GameTime makes it so much easier.
Skip the hassle.
Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment, baby.
Download the GameTime app or go to the website,
enter your email, and redeem code CHICKLETS.
That's right, CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
All right, it's time to bring on our next guest.
This 19-year-old center from Pittsburgh was taken third overall
by Arizona at the 2022 draft.
After one year at the University of Minnesota,
where he led the team in points, he joined the pro ranks.
In seven games with the Coyotes this
season, he has five points, which has him tied for
third place among rookie scoring. It's a pleasure
to welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast
Logan Cooley. How's it going, man?
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for having me.
I appreciate it. It's great to be
on with you guys, and I'm looking forward to
having a good time. I found out
last minute that you're living at Grabber's Place oh yeah yeah it's awesome it was kind of a
last minute thing um you know i was looking for because i decided to turn pro and um it was kind
of late and late in the summer so um kind of looking around and uh agent kind of reached out
and you know lucky enough he uh opened his
house for me and family is great one of the nicest families i've ever met and um they've been a huge
help yeah i mean for those of you who don't know who grabs is michael grabner he played with the
coyotes and just like just an absolute specimen like as far as i get 40 breakaways a year
have you asked them why he couldn't finish on any of them
no definitely not that but yeah he was uh we'd be watching games and stuff and he was he's itching
to get out there and penalty kill again he was telling me so yeah but yeah it's just it's been
nice to kind of you know as a younger kid just learn from you know he's played you know a ton
of seasons in the nhl and um just to learn little things of you know the ups and downs and kind of what to expect
so it's been great was part of that because he's as crazy about his nutrition as he is his fitness
um yeah i mean definitely he's he's in the gym um every day lifting weights still is oh he's a
buddy he's a fucking machine i'm telling you
i knew he was fast i didn't know he was like a gym nut he's got a couple kids that play hockey
right and he helps coach them at the ice tent so i actually bumped into him recently i'd love to
get him on we should actually just get him on after the 40 minutes with you we could ask him
about the breakaway thing. That's awesome.
But I mean,
he's,
he's still a machine. Is he,
as he is disciplined with the,
with like the meal prepping and all that shit.
Um,
yeah,
I mean,
I think obviously like you said,
he's definitely crazy and in the gym and stuff,
but,
um,
he said he doesn't,
you know,
care as much as,
um,
with the food stuff as,
as much as he used to,
but,
uh,
definitely,
you know, you'd never see him really eating, you know,
junk food or anything like that.
But, yeah, he says he just likes the red meat and kind of stays with that.
Liver king.
No, it turned out the liver king is not all natural.
He's got Cooley only eating red meat.
He, like, faints on the ice next game.
It's like, what's going on?
He's like, grab your water.
Let me eat carbs. that is so good were you were you kind of i know you you mentioned you signed late we'll
get into that for sure but were you thinking right away like i don't even necessarily know if i want
to live alone like i was just with all my buddies at school or or were you kind of wanting to be
alone and then this and then grabs this place came up and and the chance to go there was available
yeah i mean coming from school like like you said just being with your buddies all the
time and um you know always going to get food with them little things like that so i definitely
you know especially moving to a new place um you know i don't really know how to cook too much
either so um it was definitely you know i wanted to live with someone and um kind of just have
someone you know for experience too what to expect little things like that and um so you know I wanted to live with someone and um kind of just have someone you know for experience
too what to expect little things like that and um so you know when we kind of reached out I was
gonna go with Kraus um but he was kind of fixing his house a little bit so that kind of
um delayed it but um you know then you know we reached out to Grabner and kind of got that
situated and um you know I was fortunate enough to get with him and you know it's been such a huge help she cooks every night and you know the home-cooked meals and
yeah so it's been you know fantastic i thought you're gonna say krauser wouldn't let you in
because butter pig would get jealous have you seen his dog's instagram no i haven't oh yeah
oh buddy bring that come and swing it tomorrow. The name of the dog is the Butter Pig? I think it's called Butter Pig on Instagram.
And it's got like 50,000 followers and he's obsessed with his dog.
So just give it to him.
Come in tomorrow.
19-year-old rookie just giving it to him about his dog's Instagram.
You upset they didn't call you to see if he could live with you?
You think the team wants him living with Biz?
Did my name ever come up as a potential candidate?
No, I don't think so.
Cool.
Come on.
No, not even one?
Okay.
Like, stay away from this address.
Don't go anywhere near it.
Someone brings it up in a big boardroom and everyone's dying laughing.
The guy's like, ah.
What?
What's so funny?
Pack your bags.
You're done.
You don't have an office anymore.
But it must be like a whirlwind because like i mean the last two years of your
life you go from the program you go to you know minnesota you decommitted from norredame from my
understanding all of a sudden you get picked second overall you're in the nhl and then i mean
christ overseas in australia that goal went super viral so it must be a crazy last two three years
of your life here yeah for sure I mean just like you said being at
the program uh you go in as a young kid and then you know you finish that first year then you know
it starts to go into your draft year and you know it starts to get a little more real like you'll
be playing the NHL soon so um it was definitely you know the time at the program was unbelievable
then obviously my time at the university of Minnesota was super fun. And, you know, I feel like I really grew as a player there and, um, definitely needed that,
you know, extra year. And, um, you know, this year I feel, you know, ready to make the next step.
And that's kind of one of the big reasons that, you know, I decided to turn pro is,
you know, I felt like I was ready for, you know, the next step to play against these,
the best players in the world. And, um, you know, obviously the coyotes are going in,
you know, such a great direction and, you know, obviously the Coyotes are going in such a great direction.
And, you know, it's an exciting time to be a part of this organization.
I want to correct myself.
Third overall.
I'm sorry.
I said second overall.
Third overall.
We've never had a second overall pick because it's rigged against us.
Go Yotes.
Go ahead. So, because after the season, after the loss in the finals,
you came out and said you were going to be returning back.
And then kind of what happened?
Did the Coyotes maybe say, listen, we think you're ready?
Or did you have a change of heart?
I mean, it must have been tough to leave after one year.
But obviously, it's kind of already shown you were definitely ready to make the leap.
I just didn't know why originally you had said you'd be staying.
Yeah, so it was obviously a long discussion.
You know, we took basically the whole summer to kind of figure that out.
I was going back and forth.
You know, when I decided that, you know, I said I was going to go back,
I was fully committed on going back.
And, you know, obviously Arizona pushed a little hard.
And, you know, I felt like, honestly, as time went on, I was, you know,
I felt more ready. And, you know, I skate with J honestly, as time went on, I was, you know, I felt more ready.
And, you know, I skate with JT Miller, Vincent Trocek, John Gibson in the summer.
And, you know, just competing against them, I felt ready.
You know, I loved, you know, going against, you know, some of the best guys in the league.
And, you know, it was definitely kind of an influence of why, you know, I decided to turn pro.
Did Bill Armstrong bring over the Louis Vuitton duffel too?
Is that the little extra motivation?
Is that how they got it done?
For sure.
Oh, they got a pigeon signing bonus now, Biz.
They lost those big time signing bonuses.
They're going London's route.
They're doing it under the table, a little under the table.
Get the mom a double wide, you know?
I love it but um i i was i was lucky enough to be in pittsburgh sid's rookie year and kind of saw what what he did for the city and like obviously they already had a passion for
hockey but then you grew up playing for the junior pens and and growing up and apparently you're a
big capitals and ovechkin which i don't know what the fuck happened. But in terms of the junior pens,
did that all begin with Crosby?
Had there already been a program?
Like, take us through how to, you know,
your youth hockey experience involved with, like,
Pittsburgh having some sort of deal with the junior hockey.
Yeah, so when I first, you know, started playing,
Crosby, like, did this thing.
It's called, like, a learn-to-play program.
So, like, Crosby gives like, uh, did this thing, it's called like a learn to play program. Um, so like Crosby gives like all these kids free equipment and, um, you know, you kind of just go out there, it's like a free skate and, um, but yeah, he just gives you free equipment.
That's kind of why I first, um, you know, started skating and, uh, was through that program. And
then, you know, after, you know, a few years then I played for the Pittsburgh Penguins League organization um it's two two separate things and um played there for
six years and then went to the national team but yeah my time there in Pittsburgh it's crazy how
how much it's developed into you know a hockey place and um you know that program is you know
going to continue to get better from there.
So where did your obsession with Ovechkin lean more over being obsessed over Sid?
Yeah, I mean, I honestly don't even know
exactly, like, where it started.
I was a huge Capitals fan.
I loved just the way they played.
Like, there was always a super skilled team
and, you know, I just loved the way Ovi scored goals
and, you know, would celebrate his goals too.
So I was just a huge Ovi fan.
Like I said, I don't know exactly where it kind of came from,
but, you know, definitely got a lot of hate in Pittsburgh being the Cavs fan.
Oh, yeah, a couple swirlies at school for that.
Yeah.
Logan, when did the idea of going pro go from, like, I guess,
a dream to a likelihood?
Like, teenager, like, younger than that, a little later?
Yeah, I mean, growing up, I always wasn't the, you know, the biggest in my birth year.
Like I wasn't, you know, the best at all.
You know, I think, you know, right when I got to the program, that's kind of really when I started to take off and separate a little bit.
You know, especially towards the end of the 17 year and 18 year, it's kind of, you know, when I really hit my, you know, my spurt and,
you know, felt like, you know, I can maybe do something with this game.
Lane Hudson was actually saying at the beginning of the 17 year,
you could tell kind of how skilled you were,
but he said you were trying just no look behind the back.
Just like absolute, like trying anything.
And then he said as the year went on,
all of a sudden you were dominating so much that
I think you played with the under-18
team when you were just on
the U-17s, right? So it did
kind of happen pretty quickly that year in terms
of your improvement.
Yeah, for sure. I mean, you know, coming
in, I wasn't, like I said, you know,
like the best at my birth year at all.
But yeah, I mean, I think as that time went on, the 17 year, you know, I continued to get better like each game.
And so, yeah, you know, I really developed my game there.
And, you know, I was fortunate enough to go up with the 18s, you know, playing the under 18 world championship to being the younger guy in Dallas.
And we came
up short but it was you know a great learning experience and you know it took a lot from that
year and you know helped me in going into my 18 year and you know gave me a lot of confidence too
how challenging learning the defensive side of the game has it been I mean you talked about
watching the capitals and how like you were obsessed with their skill and I mean you have
an insane amount of skill as well how hard has it
been for you to learn kind of that element to it especially at the like the levels you're escalating
yeah for sure it's definitely something that you know I've always wanted to become to as a as a
two-way player and um you know especially in this league you need to play both sides of the puck
I've noticed that a lot and um there's just so many little details um you know coming from college to the
nhl like little little details of like throwing picks and um things you don't really notice that
you know go a long way since you know playing my first few games in the nhl that you know i've
kind of noticed and um you know you're going against guys like you know last night or the
other night ago playing against copetar fiala and all these guys and I was gonna ask you about that game yeah I mean it's just
insane um up and down the lineup so it's definitely definitely um you know adjustment but you know I
feel like I've gotten a lot better each game what's been the toughest thing to adjust to since
you became a pro um yeah I mean I, I think just knowing when to make plays
and when not to make the plays that I think could have worked in college
that won't really work now.
So it's just those little adjustments of managing the puck the right way
and not turning it over so much.
I wanted to ask a guy.
I think we talked about it last week.
Was it the Iserman kid who decommitted from a school?
Yeah, he actually decommitted from Minnesota where Logan went,
but you had decommitted from Notre Dame, right?
Yeah, I committed to Notre Dame when I was 14.
Oh, jeez.
What?
Yeah.
You could commit to a school that wouldn't have even seen your fucking grades?
I was one of the best players in my age group.
I committed out of the diaper.
They're like, this is
his finger painting he just did.
Can you commit? It's like, what the hell's
going on here? I think they
changed the rules now. Yeah, they did.
Yeah, I don't know.
They got guys signing out of the womb.
Just like, sign here. Just put his
footprint there with the ink.
Jesus Christ.
So what I wanted to ask was did you end up
playing in a way game at noradame and do you get the booze in your case i mean you were 14 when
you committed but but the headline comes out like the season before right so did you play there and
did you get the the boo treatment yeah no i didn't get any boo treatment but uh you know i don't think
they they take it as that like you said i was 14 i don't
know if they even you know really that'd be pretty remember like oh we forgot about you
committing here shit yeah no but i mean notre dame was a you know a special place with you
know my family my uncle played there um that's kind of a big reason why i committed there
um you know when i was 14 so i didn't really know too much about you know notre dame i just knew my uncle played there and um you know he said nothing but great
things about it so i was like yeah i'll go there but now as you start to get older you realize that
you know that's probably not the best fit for me at that time you go on a school visit you're like
this ratio stinks i'm fucking out of here't it like eight dudes to every girl there?
At Notre Dame?
Horrible ratio, from my understanding.
I do this type of scouting.
I would love to know where you're getting your college ratio information.
RA, help me out here.
No, you don't know anything?
I went to North Adams State.
Don't knock them all hard, buddy.
Notre Dame is big on the academics.
I know that. I can't speak to the guy-girl Notre Dame is big on the academics. I know that.
I can't speak to the guy-girl ratio.
G can maybe Google it, but we can move on here.
Oh, we got it.
Hold on.
I got it right here.
80-20 sounds a little ridiculous.
This sounds like a reason why somebody would decommit.
It says University of Notre Dame has a total undergraduate enrollment of 8,971
with a gender distribution of 51 male, 49 female.
Oh, fuck, okay.
Oh, the old 50-50.
I think most schools try to stick to that.
Okay, all right.
Maybe they're inside studying
and the men are out there roaming the streets.
No, but the coach at Minnesota, Bob Motzko,
who was actually an assistant there years ago,
then he was at St. Cloud State, I think, and then he went to Mini.
But you had played for him at World Juniors.
Is that kind of how the first time you met him, or was there no connection at all?
Yeah, no, I never played with him at World Juniors.
Oh, he wasn't the coach then?
No, no, I had Lehman, Nate Lehman, who's Providence coach.
But, yeah, I mean, I think just the reason I chose Minnesota is, you know,
I have a good buddy, Jimmy Snuggerud, you know, I played with at the program
and who was there and was going there.
And, you know, I knew Nyes was there, Faber.
So I knew a ton of guys that were there,
and they said nothing about great things about the program.
And, you know, I knew we were going to have a special team, too,
and a team that, you know, I could I can make you know run at the national championship and you know obviously
we got pretty close but came up short but you know I felt like it was the right spot that it was
you know right for my development and um you know it could help my game and you know it did it helped
so much and you know I learned a lot um from being around the coaching staff there and um obviously
my teammates helped a ton also.
How'd you like playing on that giant sheet of ice they got there?
Did you have to play the different ones?
Oh, it's bigger?
It's Olympic ice there?
Yeah, they actually switched it now.
It's hybrid.
But yeah, it was like an ocean last year.
I honestly didn't like it too much.
It's a lot more skating.
It's harder to get chances.
Are Reds like Sativa leading and especially like shooting out too like you're so much farther like on a power play and
um yeah but it has obviously it has its benefits of you know having more room out there but you
know i understand i like the nhl shoot way more do you think that part of um leaving maybe as well
was was the year you had last year
and you see Nyes and he pops into the playoffs, does a real good job for Toronto
and you're like, fuck, we just kind of did it this year together.
I mean, I lit it up as well.
So maybe I could do this the same way he just hopped in and did it.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, I think right when we lost that final game,
I was pretty close to signing then.
And obviously you see those guys playing, you know, guys like Lacombe, Faber,
Nyes playing in those games.
And, you know, you get excited.
You want to get out there.
And it was kind of hard to not rush into it because I wanted to make the right
decision and do what was best for me and not just see them playing so I want to go.
But, yeah, I mean, obviously, you know, the season I had, you know,
I didn't know if there was a ton left for me in college hockey still.
You know, I feel like I proved a lot there.
And, you know, I felt like I was ready for the next step of, you know,
being pushed against the best players in the league and, you know,
seeing what, you know, I could kind of do with this organization.
I'm a Leafs jock sniffer. What's nice as a guy he's awesome he's he's a great guy um you know i
learned a lot from him too he's he's a heck of a player but you know he likes to have fun off the
ice and um you know we had a good time for sure at school last year and you guys go oh yeah yeah
oh yeah what does that mean that's the most we're getting out of them yeah but that was something tight lip it's in the vault um and then you guys had favor so
like to standard did you guys have a pretty dominant team there like i mean that like that
was like that's like a wagon of a squad right there yeah we were we were sick we had a we had
so many good players um you know we had a ton of freshmen too i think we had 11 freshmen um you know and
most teams have like four like i think quinnipiac had maybe one freshman um so we were a super young
team um you know we kind of took us um you know a little slow in the beginning just everyone getting
used to college hockey but you know once we kind of got used to it and um you know we kind of
dominated um the rest of the year.
Isn't Quinnipiac the school that has like 28 year olds who have like two kids and a family and they get all the old guys and that's how they talk?
I'm not even shitting on them.
Isn't that the thing?
Yeah, some of these schools make kids play two years of junior no matter what.
And then they know they're getting them at 21, done at 25.
And they just truck stick some of these 18-year-olds.
Like Merrimack does it in Hockey East.
I think Lowell does it.
They have part-time jobs as firemen during the season.
Just lumberjacks.
They're just putting their police uniform on as they leave the regular.
Yeah, I got the overnight.
You're like, what the fuck?
So that's kind of the
Yeah, no, I'm almost
Yeah, go ahead. Sorry.
I'm almost positive like they had one freshman, I'm pretty sure.
Yeah. And he was the only one that played so well um i i was what i i was watching obviously the frozen four last year and and uh then i i really noticed faber right and like even watching
mini this year like he's already like one of their top defensemen you could tell through college he
was that dominant yeah he was like even going against him in practice he
couldn't get around him he's so good defensively um even you know he's got so much better
offensively too he's he's i know he's worked on that um you know a lot and uh he definitely
wanted to make that better in his game but defensively he's such a good skater so poised
with the puck and um you could see just the plays he would make in college and you know it was definitely going to translate and you see what he's doing with the wild now
look look did you have a mad dash to get to the draft of montreal i mean you can't be missing
trips to montreal already if you turn 18 brother oh yeah yeah i was during when the flights were
all getting canceled or i forget exactly so he got like this this this van and, um, you know, it was an ugly van, awful van. Like we barely fit my whole family in there.
And, um, I think it was like 13 hours. It was a miserable ride, but, um,
you know, it was definitely nice to have all my family there. And, um,
thank God we made it. Cause yeah, that would have been awful.
And I miss for sure.
Why was it, why was it so awful? Cause you guys were crammed in there.
For 13 hours, the whole way i
gotta gain weight before training camp just shitting in everybody's mouth no it was just
like an awful ugly van like so uncomfortable and um you know surprised it even made it there but
um yeah it was it was it's it stung um not being able to fly there for
sure billy wouldn't send the pj did your dad get you into hockey like when you were real young like
was he did he play um when he was growing up or no he didn't play at all uh both my uncles played
uh you know i had two older brothers that played um But yeah, my whole family was kind of surrounded by hockey, though.
It was kind of all we really knew.
And when I first stepped foot on the ice, I just loved the game.
I loved being out there and seeing my brothers play at the time.
It made me want to do what they were doing.
And it was just a good time and kind of ran with it.
Growing up in that minor program, had you gotten a chance to meet Sid,
you might have already said it.
And looking ahead, I think December, within a week,
you actually play head-to-head against the Capitals and the Penguins.
So within one week, two of the guys you looked up and two idols,
like if you haven't met them, like are you going to say anything on the ice?
Yeah, no, I haven't met them.
I don't think i'm gonna be
saying anything uh to crash but let me win a face off let me win a face off no tummy sticks with
sid man come on you're a pittsburgh kid he'll tell him to take a fucking hike if he tries to
stab you in your gut with his square ass blade yeah definitely definitely won't be saying anything
to him i'm sure but uh yeah i mean i, I think my whole family, we have a few boxes for that game.
And it's definitely a game that I'm really looking forward to playing in.
Going back to Pittsburgh and having all my family friends there
and obviously being able to play against Crosby.
Growing up in Pittsburgh, he's done so much for that city
and for that organization.
So it would definitely be pretty cool to be on the same ice as him.
So when you mention your uncle, so your cousin now, is that LJ Mooney?
Yep.
Yeah, so he's got a cousin that's on the Under-17 USA program as well.
And I guess the kid's a stud.
I think he's a little undersized, but he's sick.
Is his dad your uncle that got you into the game that played at Notre Dame?
So his dad is, he played at Colorado College.
But yeah, I mean, he's, his dad is, you know, growing up,
we'd always do, you know, extra like skill sessions.
Just growing up in Pittsburgh and, you know, we'd be up at, you know,
6.30 in the morning, you know, before our practice, before school skating and he'd be running those practices. So
he's been a huge help. He's, he's helped me grow my game so much. And, um, you know,
it's helped me learn so much also. And yeah, um, you know, my little cousin is, he committed,
he recently committed to Minnesota also. So definitely kind of, definitely kind of got him
going there. Uh, i told him it would
be a good time so uh but yeah he's doing good at the program right now and um you know he's
gonna be a heck of a player for sure as someone not familiar with college hockey what is university
of minnesota known for like is that is that the building that's got the gold seats uh no like
from a college hockey essence like what you know we just joked about
Quinnipiac being the old guys like Minnesota's always been I think like a true powerhouse like
they're one of the big dogs 70s yeah I like to I like to say that they're the Toronto Maple Leafs
of college wow really you guys are the buddy my freshman and sophomore year of college they won
the national title back to back it's been been a bit. It's been a bit.
But they're like the biggest name.
They're like the New York Yankees, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Well, it's hard because it seems like they bring in all these studs who play one year and then they go off and play in the NHL.
So I guess it's a little hard to have a winning program
when you're playing against 30-year-olds at Quinnipiac
and you've got guys in diapers fucking toe dragging out there.
Yeah, for sure.
It's definitely been the biggest thing I think is just getting guys
that stay one to two years and then, like you said,
then you get teams like Quinnipiac that have guys that are coming in
as freshmen that are 21 years old.
So it's definitely  definitely that's the big adjustment.
But I think the program kind of speaks for itself.
It's such a historic program and it's definitely a great spot to play actually i'm sure cools is
aware of this but i don't know if biz is what they what they were forever known for actually
was you had to be from minnesota to play there come on at the college for the hockey team yeah
there's that many good players in minnesota
so every kid on the team was from minnesota and then i don't know if it was the first player in
a long time that they got they got grant patoolny and he was from north dakota and he went there and
then he scored the overtime winner in the ncaa title game ironically enough holy shit yeah i
don't think he was the first ever not from minnesota but they hadn't done it in a while
so if you were a kid from minnesota and you were like the stud and you didn't go there
you went to minnesota yes okay so there was a there was non-negotiable they bring you out behind
the shed eh you could have another what was that show that was in wisconsin the the murder mystery
fargo no not the other one making a murder we'd have another That show that was in Wisconsin, the murder mystery. Fargo? No, not Fargo.
The other one.
Making a murder.
We'd have another making a murder on our hands.
The kid who didn't commit.
The kid who decommitted.
We should write it together.
Let's not pick on our 21-year-old freshman biz.
You guys got Chicago tomorrow night. Obviously, it caught him a dud.
Was the first time you played against him at the juniors in 2023?
Yeah, that was the first time.
I heard about him
growing up a little bit, but
that was the first time that I really
saw him and played against him.
Do you know him at all? Are you friendly with him?
No, he ain't playing fucking tummy sticks
out there. He ain't even doing
what Ovi and Sid, he ain't fucking dapping up Bedard
in the pregame. Come on, alright?
Yeah, no, I don't know him personally or anything like that uh back to the draft uh so third overall did you like going in know that if you got to arizona they were going to take you
did you have did your agent tell you what to expect chance at first overall like what what
was that night like in terms of like expectations um yeah i mean i thought you know going into it i thought i was going to go pretty early i didn't
know exactly um you know i had a range where you know i thought i was going to go but um still you
don't really know what's going to happen on you know draft night especially when you see um kind
of the how the order obviously right was supposed to go first row for so long and then you kind of see the switch
up there so then you really start to get confused and um wonder what's going to go on but you know
I've had I had a lot of great meetings with Arizona um you know we you know had a really
good connection I felt like and um you know I felt like they really liked me at the time too so I
thought you know if I would um you know get down
to three that you know i'd have a good chance of going there and um but you know i met with
the flyers um like i think it was like 20 minutes before the draft too and um i think they were
trying to like trade up and so i didn't know exactly what was gonna happen breaking news
fucking right buddy keep going any more gems, but, you know, nothing happened, obviously, there.
And, you know, I was happy that, you know, I went to Arizona for sure.
Torch should be walking you around with a dog collar on right now.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
That is fucking too good, man.
I don't even remember what my next question was now.
Oh, God.
That is fucking good.
Your coach seems like a guy the players really enjoy playing for.
I know he kind of cut your ice time a little bit.
He explained it today.
Take us through that whole process, what happened the other night,
and how you're still kind of learning the aspects of the pro game.
Yeah, I mean, he's a coach that I really like.
He has a lot of high expectations for, you know, all the players.
And he demands a lot, which is good, you know, especially being a young kid.
And, yeah, but I think, you know, just different things on the back check that, you know, I wasn't doing in small details that, you know, kind of went over today, which, you know, was really helpful.
And, you know, still a young kid, still learning.
And, you know, I still have helpful and, you know, still, still a young kid, still learning and, you know,
I still have to have those attention to details and if I'm not doing that and
not helping the team, then, you know, I don't deserve to be out there.
And, you know, I wasn't that game. So, you know, I accept that. And, but yeah,
we kind of went over it today and yeah, but like I said, he's,
he's a great coach and, you know, I've enjoyed playing with him.
I know you get seven shots on that.
Have you been, like, maybe gun-shy,
or are you kind of looking for that perfect shot,
or just thinking pass first all the time?
Yeah, I mean, I think just, you know, you want that first goal so bad,
and then you start overthinking a little bit.
So I think just, you know, kind of just shooting the puck a little more,
not trying to force many plays, and just kind of let your play do it
and just kind of have fun.
And, you know, I think just not paying attention to the outside noise,
little things like that, that, you know, or being the rookie
and, you know, just kind of enjoying and having fun is, you know,
what I need to get back to.
You're going to score against Chicago right now,
and after the game and the post-game presser,
you're going to say, R.A. told me to pull the trigger,
and that's why I fucking buried it tonight.
You got to do it.
You got to do it.
He's grilling you about not shooting enough, fucking R.A.
I love this.
Just say the warthog had me fired.
It's the year of the hog, man.
It's coming.
I know it's coming now.
Why number 92 in college and this year?
So I wore 18 kind of my whole life and, you know,
older guy on the team at Minnesota at 18.
And, you know, kind of just like the higher number,
a number that no one really wears too often.
So I thought it looked pretty good and had a good year at Minnesota with it.
So I decided to keep it.
I mean, you just mentioned you're young, you're still learning, 19 years old.
And I want to go back to that game the other night against the Kings.
Like just like how hard is going up against those top dogs?
Because that's a team where they're so loaded at center ice.
So like night in and night out, you're having to go against some of these guys
who are just fucking dogs.
I mean, those three guys in Dubois, Kopitar and Deneau, like what was that experience like? And I know you got to play a little bit against them in the Australia experience, but regular season hockey has a little bit of a different tone to it. against those guys just snapping it back on you like like nothing and um yeah but it's definitely
been you know an adjustment and um it's been good going against them too you know like like i said
i'm learning a lot and um learning how to play in this league and um kind of what to do and what not
to do and um but yeah i mean i think you know like i've been saying each game i feel like i'm getting
a little more comfortable and i'm starting to learn a little more about the game too.
Was your Michigan-style goal last year the first time you ever
pulled it off in a game?
I pulled it off at the end of
the 18th year
at the program at the World Championships.
But yeah, that was
my first time doing it then.
Yeah, that was sick. Was that at
Penn State? No, that was sick that was it was that at penn state no that's
at the mullet oh that's probably why you got drafted here they saw that they were creaming
their pants in the box the goal from the preseason in australia had you pulled that off successfully
before in a game um i mean i don't think he knows what he did yeah dude that was remote control just hit every fucking button something ended up coming up from it
you did like six moves to get there it started in the fucking d zone didn't it
yeah i mean it's i mean at that point i think it's just kind of instincts and um kind of just
given what the game gives you and um you know I felt like he was kind of cheating on that
when I was going to cut back and decided to spin.
And, you know, I was fortunate enough to get that one in.
And it was definitely a big confidence boost too.
And obviously it's still preseason, but, you know,
it felt good to get that one under your belt.
Were you on like a top 10 on SportsCenter probably?
I mean, you must have got a million texts. Did you notice your social media following going up because of it yeah i definitely knew that
um i don't know about the sports center top 10 or anything but definitely blew up for a while there
um you know it's funny getting a lot of texts and yeah i definitely gained a pretty good following
from that also and going back to that whole australia experience like it's got to be a good
thing to like get to know your teammates a little bit more i know when we started out uh we started
out with those world premiere games so that was like the first experience i had in the nhl where
i got to go overseas and you're with your teammates a little bit more because you're at the hotel and
on the road did that help you get acclimated and like who are the who are some of the guys that
you hang out with the most and are just like the silly bastards on the team?
Yeah, it helped a ton.
I mean, obviously coming in, I didn't really know anyone at all.
I knew Keller a little bit.
He's with the same agency as me, so I talked to him a little bit. But it was definitely a great team bonding experience.
Just get to know the guys a little more.
Obviously, we're going out to dinner
and doing different things in Australia together.
So that was extremely helpful.
It was a fun training camp, too.
And getting to play those two games in Australia, too, was pretty cool.
And, yeah, I mean, I think we have a great group of guys.
You know, we all hang out with each other when we can.
And we just had a Halloween party last night.
So that was a good time, too.
But, yeah, like I said, we have a great group.
And all the guys are fun to be around what was your costume it was like a last minute thing i
was like captain hook or something it was terrible but there was there was some funny costumes yeah
just here here's all what are you what do you guys make mcbane had a good one it was it was
like this grandma thing it was pretty good But yeah, there were some good ones.
But it was kind of like a last-minute thing, so everyone was kind of scrambling.
Yeah, a little tidbit.
Don't be tweeting out photos of guys at the Halloween party the one year.
And legit, I didn't even know what this was.
Rafi Torres went as Jay-Z and his wife went as Beyonce.
And they had put some stuff on to look more like Jay-z and his wife went as beyonce and like they you know had put some stuff on to
look more like jay-z and beyonce and i tweeted out blackface people are going crazy i'm like
what the fuck is this blackface thing and i added up that a new rapper
i played clean up the next fucking three days dave tippett was so angry at me. More so than when I almost got us kicked
off. I kicked us out of a hotel on
game day for saying, fuck you Fairmont
at the water prices. Probably should
have kept that one offline too. So just
a tidbit. Don't be tweeting out the costumes.
Maybe just keep those in the vault.
And Koolz, that right there
is a quick glimpse into why you were never living
with biz this season.
That's probably when it ended.
That's probably when it ended.
You're going to have him babysit you.
But thanks for coming on, man.
It's actually been pretty sick to watch you play.
I mean, just before we interviewed you,
I went through the highlights of last season.
You're an incredible player,
so I'm looking forward to watching you rip up this league
for a lot of years, so good luck.
Yeah, thank you so much for having me.
I appreciate it. Cool. Pleasure, pal. Yeah, thank you so much for having me. I appreciate it.
Cool.
My pleasure, pal.
When you find  wait, wait.
Don't stop the recording.
When you find the back of the net tomorrow,
what are you saying to the reporter first thing?
That one's for R.A.
No, you're going to say the warthog told me to pull the trigger.
The warthog told me and then go, fuck something.
And then you have to put your fingers like this and you got to go.
It'll go viral again.
It'll go viral if you want your numbers to keep going up.
That's what I'm saying.
You want that gram?
You want that gram interaction, baby?
It's going to be first intermission with the guy Todd, right, Biz?
That's the guy that does the.
Yeah, Walshie.
Yeah.
And just say, what happened?
Say, the warthog told me to shoot it.
I like pull the trigger better.
Pull the trigger. Pull the trigger.
I will say this. You don't have to do
the in the post game presser
if you score one.
If you get two, you got
to do the little fingers in the front.
Promise?
That was good.
No tummy sticks with Bedard either.
Good luck, brother.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
No tummy sticks with Bedard either.
Good luck, brother.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a word from our good friends at Bodyama.
Spitting Chicklets is brought to you by Bodyama.
From sports drinks to sport water,
Bodyama keeps us hydrated all day long.
Whether talking, watching, or even playing sports, maybe a little basketball,
body armor is our go-to choice.
Real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing artificial.
Body armor has great taste and flavors like my favorite right here, strawberry banana,
little blue raspberry, whatever you want, they have it. And the best athletes in the world hydrate with Bardiama,
like Ronald Acuna Jr., Christian McCaffrey, Alex Borgen,
and the latest athlete to join the stable, Joe Burrow,
nice little quarterback action.
Like I said, man, strawberry banana, that's my go-to.
Someone needs to knock it down from the throne,
but whether we're recording late night, whether I play a little hoopsteak
to get a little hydration after, whatever, Chicklets Cup, Bardiama,
absolute way to go. It's available in stores nationwide. Head on over to get a little hydration after. Whatever. Chicklets Cup. Body armor. Absolute way to go.
It's available in stores nationwide.
Head on over to the Body Armor Store on Amazon and get yours today.
Body armor.
Thank you so much to Logan Cooley, a future superstar in the NHL.
Yes, I'll say superstar.
And if you don't believe me, watch him play one game or go to YouTube
and click on Logan Cooley's highlights
from his freshman year at the University of Minnesota.
I had watched him play in the Frozen Four against BU,
but this highlight reel is something else for a young freshman
to be doing what he did last year.
You could see the skill.
And I'd say right now he should have been the first overall pick.
But also pretty interesting to hear him say that it was quite evident philly was trying to trade up to grab him at his draft so
i don't know if that had ever been out there but biz you got the costume change where's busy at
this is basically like yeah where's biz in north america well and you also mentioned to watch his
highlights on on youtube and while you're there folks make sure you subscribe to the spit and
chicklets YouTube channel.
We have 300,000.
Thank you, Ryan Whitney,
for giving a little fun fact.
Over 300K, folks.
And yes, I'm Where's Waldo.
This was the original costume
until we heard Joe Thornton
announce his retirement,
or we saw him do it
with tarps off and the cowboy hat.
So this was the OG,
and we're here to talk about
Where's Waldo.
And actually, Where's Wal,
the new Leafs goaltender. We're going to get to him him in a bit but all right i'll send it back over to you for whatever we
have in the outline our our production team threw their costumes oh yeah well today let me throw
everybody's dress up sean with the all-time tiger king look at that oh. He's got his dog with the line head on.
I'll never financially recover from this.
And then we got Fishy Boy, who's Witt's first mate.
There we go, Fish.
There he is.
I love that.
Fishy looks more like a pirate.
You got the beard all elastic top.
I got some gold in my beard.
Is that a real earring?
He actually looks like a pirate.
Real earring?
No.
Okay.
All right.
Well, we appreciate your guys' effort.
We should maybe, if you're on the YouTube channel, drop a comment and vote who's got the best
costume of all six of us right now.
I would say strong lead for the Tiger King because he has the dog prop.
Oh, absolutely.
Sean, I'm looking.
That's fucking hilarious.
The fucking dog there hey
biz a little trivia take this fucking thing off me please sean a little trivia for you biz uh which
two defensemen are currently tied in goals in the nhl see if you get this one okay uh who's been
scoring from the back end god damn it okay so i mean first bet would be Makar? Nope.
He's not even one of them.
Who's lighting it up from the back?
Two guys are tied.
Tied with four.
Tied with four.
I mean, Fox has what, 12 points?
Is Fox one of them?
Nope.
Oh, for fuck's sakes.
Literally, you got what?
Any guesses?
Goss' bear?
Nope.
Chikrin?
He's one of them.
Okay, so I was going to say one of the guys from Ottawa.
No, no Hughes.
Quinn Hughes is fucking lighting the lamp.
That's a good answer, but he's more of a passer.
Is it a really off-the-board name for the last defenseman?
Not at all.
No.
Been around for a little bit.
Quite the veteran.
Tyler Myers?
Nope.
Nope.
Five, four, three.
Just tell us the name.
Drew Doughty.
Drew Doughty.
Drew Doughty, my kings.
Oh, we had two the other night.
Jesus, what a slap in the face to Doughty.
Yeah, a little fun with a little trivia there.
Frozen Frenzy Tuesday, boys.
Who are you laughing at?
Biz Nasty.
Just you digging deep on that trivia question.
Who's tied for the league lead in goals for defense?
You stumped us.
We didn't sniff it either.
You stumped us.
It was fun.
No, it was fun.
Tuesday night, 16 games from 6 p.m. to 2 a.m.
Stagged start times.
Everybody loved that.
Go to you, actually, Grinnelly.
How much of the frenzy were you able to watch?
It's kind of tough when you're trying to watch your team play and all that going on,
but how'd you enjoy it?
I watched the entire thing uh i thought it was a massive massive home run by espn in the
nhl i i don't know how they could do this but if if next year or a year after they could implement
doing this once a week i think that would be so good for the nhl i i think it is too but i i just
the nhl took over on tuesday night and it's very rare that the NHL can take over on a full day,
just like the NFL does on Sunday.
So I just think it was a massive, massive home run,
and they've got to figure out a way that they can do this again.
So Tuesday is my travel day to go to Atlanta for TNT,
but from the reviews and everything and the short amount of time I got to watch it,
it seems like it was a massive success.
That's the one thing I had wrote down too, G.
I didn't think it would be probable that they could do it once a week
just given the load that like Bouchergras and Weeksy
and the rest of that whole crew having to be there all day long doing this thing.
I would say that once a month would be something that would be easily sustainable.
And I think that they need to do it based on the overall response to how the day was.
All right.
We were going over the outline and you were saying, oh, I want to talk about all these different things, but just kind of summarize all these.
You're like, this happened, that happened, that.
So it was nonstop getting your endorphins bumping off of all this hockey action.
Absolutely.
I mean, well, the Tuck-Kachuk battle between Otto and Buffalo.
Tuck, well, Brady thought Tuck might have put a leg on leg there.
He threw his gloves down before he even stood up, went right at him,
and he got him on that last punch.
I don't think he meant to kind of hit his head off the ice,
but that's actually what happened.
I don't know if you saw Tuck had all the stitches above his eye.
It was kind of a tough scene.
That went down.
Just a great game with those two.
Also, how about the Seattle game?
The fucking dude throws a stick like a fucking javelin.
The refs are right there.
It should have been, I mean, not a penalty shot, but it should
have been, what, a delay a game penalty. Nothing
happened. Seattle goes down the other end and scores. That was
like a Keystone Cops type thing.
But it was great just watching game to
game. I mean, obviously, when the Bruins were on, I had a lot more focus
on them. I know Whit had a little pissed
off viral moment about the, what do you
call it, disallowed goal for Bedard out
on the offside stings.
Great call. Well, here's the thing.
I didn't word what I was trying to say correctly.
Shocker.
But I understood completely because a lot of the responses were,
it's offsides.
It's offsides.
Yes, I know.
What I meant to kind of get across was they need to change this rule.
Okay?
They have to figure it out, guys.
Like, at this point, this is not what the rule. Okay. They have to figure it out guys. Like at this point, this is not what
the rule was intended. And apparently I'm being told by very good sources that when they put in
the ability to go and review offsides, I guess Bettman told the GMs and the owners or wherever
it is, don't do this. Do not do this. You will will regret it and they went through and did it and now they
all regret it because this is not why they did it they did it they they thought they'd get um you
know plays that happen right then and be able to like go look and maybe goals would be scored right
then i don't even know if guys thought about the the the fact that got teams would be in the zone
for a minute yeah 20 seconds and then also the time it
takes to review most of the time it takes to review okay and if you look at like var and soccer and
like the tennis ball technology where they know right away if it's out it's just this time killer
in terms of going back looking so many things happen and the main issue is that like all these
times it doesn't even really affect
the play like it didn't make a difference yes it is technically off sides but man when you look at
how they're calling this rule and like what ends up happening that's that's not what was intended
and and i actually think and there's people out there who have said this and agree with this is
if you could change it and make it though where the obviously the
blue lines if a pucks maybe uh passed out to the defenseman it goes out of the zone yes you're
reviewing it and that's that's what the line's still for but they should almost change it to
where if there's a defenseman back it should be like like a roving blue line you know what i mean
like soccer in a sense where like as long as there's guys back, that shouldn't be off sides because that didn't change anything.
I think like you're now like, well, are they going to write all that in the playbook now and make it even more confusing?
No, no. If there's a rush and there's defenders back, it's good no matter what.
Okay, you're saying, yeah, be less lenient on it. I think that the, so to go back to not be a hypocrite,
I said at a certain point that they should do this
because you don't want a team missing playoffs
because a goal was scored on them
where it was drastically offside.
Now, did I anticipate this many of them being called
and then all of a sudden goals being called off
by legit, we're talking, that Bedard one was probably what?
Like four millimeters of his heel?
And it was offsides.
I didn't say that I didn't
make it clear that is off sides but I would have guys scoring a goal the future superstar on hockey
frenzy I think away from three minutes later I think from an ownership perspective you're saying
is I wouldn't want my season to be ended by a missed call on an offside where the amount of
money they make in playoff gate so i think it obviously comes down
to that component as to why the owners wanted this implemented but from the time perspective
and how it's rolled out i would now say i agree with you take it out it's taken out and or and or
allow it starting come playoff time because obviously at that i know you sigh but i'm just
trying to give you some fucking compromise
here whereas if your oilers lost on a drastic offside come playoff that's my point they're
never these are never drastic they're never drastic you're always going back and it's a
it's a millimeter and it's 45 seconds before the goal and my main thing is it did not affect or
change the play i i saw an empty netter one the
other night where it was drastically offside and the guy's leg was in the air an empty netter in
the san jose washington game oh my god i i just think it's like you just told me to shove it up
my ass all right i hear you it's a it's a fast game. It's faster than ever. And obviously, you want to get the calls correct.
But I think if you look at the Bedard example, that didn't change a fucking thing in that play.
Right.
And you're taking a goal away from him.
And a beautiful goal ended up getting scored on a big night in hockey.
And they go back and they take it off.
And I understand there'll be missed calls.
There'll always be missed calls.
But I swear, you're better off and you got referees that get chirped.
But overall, with the speed of the game,
they do a pretty good job at calling these offsides.
And if it's that close and they miss it, sorry, bud, you got fucked.
I mean, that is better to me than what they're doing right now.
If they implemented a live dunk tank during the game for the coach
that got it wrong and it was slime,
and he had to go back to the bench in slime if he gets the offside review wrong would you then want to keep it
i mean nickelodeon knights do huge numbers possibly possibly yes but i do you know what
i'm saying about that if it's a three on two okay boom no matter what you're good you're good
and and i think that if you did that you would see
that all these players are going to still turn out the exact same way they would and that you
don't have to go back 50 seconds not to mention the fact not to mention the fact that there are
plenty of times and this will happen at some point where somebody's going to get injured in the course
of play before the goal and then they're going to go back it's going to be injured in the course of play before the goal, and then they're going to go back.
It's going to be offsides,
and that injury would have been completely preventable.
I agree with a lot of what you're saying,
but I just have a hard time believing.
So you're saying if there's a clear-cut three-on-two,
that essentially it becomes soccer style
where a guy could be three feet offside,
and you're okay because it was a clean three-on-two rush.
As long as he's never behind a defender as long as there's always yeah but you're also talking
about a guy now getting an advantage to that three feet is him on a net drive pushing the
defenseman back off what do you mean what i'm saying is is if that player is allowed that three
feet ahead of him on a if the puck carrier is on the wall side and you have a net front drive guy who's three feet ahead, even though that far defenseman's backed off, it's like, well, he's getting the advantage because if the defenseman on the strong side is holding a strong gap, that's the advantage to the defenseman creating that, that, that gap is, is forcing that net front drive guy to then hold up and hold the blue
line where that's so much part of the game where that's where i disagree with you is i hadn't
thought that far through okay i haven't worked out all the kinks in this okay well all right
all right as long as all the kinks in this yet and there's way more to be as long as earl from
edmonton knows that you're fucking you know know, you're thinking all the way through here.
My main thing is, like, we just cannot be going back
and taking goals off the board 20 minutes after the fact
and it ended up being, like, the most minuscule offside
that didn't change a thing.
I think that it would be a...
And I think overall, if you got rid of offside review,
that people wouldn't notice, they wouldn't care, and there would be missed offsides.
But both teams benefit here and there.
Like, yeah, I guess in the playoffs you lose the Stanley Cup on an offside that I'm the guy a fan base wants to kill.
But I hate these reviews.
We're a player's podcast, and we genuinely side with the fans fans and we care what they think i think that i'm
interested in putting up a poll and seeing what the results are by the end of the podcast to how
many fans would be okay getting rid of the the offside review and i agree with you i would say
that 70 of people would be okay getting rid of it which i then you made a comment on social media
with that you think that this is
just as bad as when they created the no foot in the crease rule it's the current no foot in the
crease rule i i do you agree with that all right do you think it's that bad um no i i don't know
it's does it grind your gears no it does it does. I guess I'm most likely that grinds my gears. Before you answer,
does it not bum you out
as an NHL fan
that you see these incredible goals
off the rush or off the cycle
after they've entered the zone
and every single time,
no matter what,
first thing is,
coaches are on the horn
with the video coach
and every fan base is like,
oh my God, was he onside?
Considering the way they entered the zone, it's always like it looks so normal.
It looks exactly like it was done as it should be.
It looks like all the rules were followed.
And then, boom, right away, oh, I don't know.
We got to go back to the entry 45 seconds ago.
It's like that's not like the spirit of the game.
Like, buddy, listen listen the game worked for a
long time without offside review and yeah teams got fucked and yeah teams benefited but in the end
you weren't going back and having these delaying games and having these beautiful goals getting
taken off that happened so long after the entry in which the entry didn't even nothing would have
changed put the red line back in too too, while you're at it.
The toe in the crease is worse, Biz, because it was just like,
if it didn't affect the play, it was just like,
what happened to the Bruins?
Remember Tim Taylor?
They played Carolina.
I want to say it was 98, and they thought they won the fucking game in almost the series, and then they pulled it down,
and it was like Brett Hull.
It didn't affect the play.
It had nothing to do with it, whereas offsides is offsides.
I know people have mentioned, like, oh, put a timer on it if it's 30 seconds after.
But I don't think you can really do it that way because if you're going to have the rule,
excuse me, you have to like abide by it.
And it does suck sometimes.
You lose goals.
But would you rather that or have a team score a goal?
Like you said, maybe in the Stanley Cup it was blatantly offsides and they don't have
the rule.
But the good news is if you dismiss the rule is they would never go back and be like,
oh, this play was offside.
They would never show that, right?
So a lot of fans wouldn't end up knowing because of how close it was.
It was just deemed that it wasn't.
Oh, no, they'd go back.
No, they'd be all over that.
And I think now if you ask.
I'm saying you're saying from like a regular season perspective of like it,
they would have never showed it being off an inch from a, if it was drastic was drastic maybe they would i think we've probably spent a lot of time on this too
yeah probably i mean we probably do it 17 times yeah the thing i wrote down what is like you watch
a tennis match and they know right away right if the ball is in or out instantaneously and it's
like and i guess you'd say the same thing for the nfl with the like goal line how do they not like
just get the technology put it there there, and so this shit?
And I'm not exactly sure, but is the league so in tune with this
that they're checking every entry and they're blowing and they're videoing
or whatever, calling down and somehow the ref's blowing the whistle
while the play's still going on in the zone?
Are they doing that?
I don't think so.
Oh, no, they're doing that when the puck hits the net or they know it's a goal.
Yeah, but do it with offsides then.
They have 20 guys
in that room. Now you want
to enforce it even harder.
You want to ask them
to take it out
to enforce it even harder. Every goal
we want to review. Every single
fucking goal. No, I'm saying do it live,
dude. Every game will be longer than a Chicklets episode.
Yeah.
Can we do that?
All right.
Either way, but Bedard getting that goal taken off on that offside,
yes, it grinded my gears.
Wow, nice.
We'll get to that in a second.
Now, Biz, TNT Wednesday.
You guys got a great game.
Washington come out of the gate struggling.
Witt said they suck, and then they went on a little heat since then.
They didn't have a lead this season until they got that 3-0 lead. 27-year-old goalie. How about this story? Washington come out of the gate struggling. Witt said they suck, and then they went on a little heater since then.
They didn't have a lead this season until they got that 3-0 lead.
27-year-old goalie.
How about this story?
Hunter Shepard making his NHL debut at 27.
Great story.
Ends up getting the W, but they're up, what, 3-0.
Devils come back, make it 4-3.
Then the Caps get the next three.
Ovi got the empty netter to seal it.
He's got goal of 824.
He's got 55 empty netters. one behind Gretzky right now.
He had 14 shots on goal the game before that.
But I want to get to this one for you, Biz.
The Caps are the first team in NHL history to shut out their opponent
by three-plus goals in the first period,
then get shut out by four-plus goals in the second period,
then shut out their opponent by three-plus goals again in the third period.
That's fucking bonkers stat.
Yeah, it was a bizarre box score and a lot of swings of motion in that one,
especially at the fact that you mentioned Hunter Shepard's first game
and they interviewed his parents who apparently don't sit with each other
during the games.
So the minute the interview was over, he went his own way
and she stayed in the seat.
I feel like that's very common.
For the goalies?
For the goalies or just players?
For parents not to sit together during games.
Okay, maybe it's a little too stressful sitting together.
Not at the NHL level, but I feel like growing up, like when I was growing up,
none of the dads were sitting with the moms.
Yeah, but that's because it's minor hockey.
You could just pick a seat and you just go up to one area of the rink.
So I agreed because the dads used to it together and the moms would as well
uh but it was an emotional roller coaster for her as you know they let in four in that second period
but going back to wash um not a great start but dylan strome gets gets inserted in that first
line uh center role and he's been running with it. And I think probably the one thing that we said coming in
was Washington, with how old they're getting,
is not known as a very speedy team.
And I would say that Dylan Strom isn't also known for his speed either,
but I tell you what, he's able to make some fucking plays,
and he's also finding a way to get the puck to the back of the net
right now as well, and a huge boost for this team
who had a horrible start.
Aside from that i mean we
mentioned with all the injuries they had last year and some of the guys that they've brought in it
takes a little time to get acclimated uh darcy kemper who started off the season where he just
he just had a kid so the other goalie had to go in i forget the other guy's name as well um the
actual backup not hunter shepherd but uh overall they're playing a lot better hockey,
and it was a great, great night.
I actually am a little bit more nervous about the way
that New Jersey's playing based on expectations.
Because aside from Bratt, Toffoli, and Jack Hughes,
I mean, there's some fucking major letdowns out there,
and they're letting a lot of goals in despite scoring a lot.
I mean, how much have you watched?
And now, I mean, Clifton got suspended two games for the hit on he shears out I don't know
if he's playing the next game if they've said but he's already missed one um yeah I guess all those
warts are covered up by Jack Hughes being like the greatest hockey player of all time and making a
complete mockery of the NHL uh so I think the Devils, though, like I don't have
if I'm Pasha or a Devils fan, I don't really have much worry
because you've got to figure that Meyer gets going
and he sure gets going offensively when he's back
and that they figure things out.
Because when you have that much skill up front with the top guys
in terms of Hughes and Bratt, and you're still like
you're knowing that you're going to get more out of these guys who
are somewhat struggling right now i'm not very worried if i'm a devil's fan they're that good
yeah just maybe the goaltending a little bit and and how many of these these these brain farts are
happening in the games i mean i i talked about the one and i what was it i think it was i think
it was four four at the time and then they give up that go-ahead goal
where Luke Hughes, he goes in for a rush.
Luke Hughes, you got another guy.
Take off the reins.
Let him go.
Where he ends up getting hit in the offensive zone
and ends up in the corner,
and nobody decides to cover for him.
So it ends up being a, what,
two, three-on-one back the other way.
We're talking about late in the game here,
like situal awareness where that F3 guy who pulls up in the slot make sure your defenseman who's going to be rushing the play
gets back before you decide to dip in when the puck's coming back at you so just there was there
was a bunch of them there was a bunch of bonehead bonehead mistakes and i'm seeing a lot of them
early in the season so i guess for a team where expectation is to compete for the top of the
division not exactly as as good as we
saw last year pasha did mention the fact that he saw them regressing from an overall point standpoint
in the standings so he's been bang on with his assessments uh how about jack hughes i know you
just mentioned him 17 points it's uh the most points through six games since mario back in 95
i was called a moron for saying 150 points. I know. I know.
I know.
Believe me.
Not just by you, by the entire fucking internet.
Well, I think the whole thing was that 150 points hadn't happened.
Obviously, McDavid did it last year that I didn't even remember.
In so long that to just hop on and say it would happen again from somebody different,
you took some immediate backlash.
Now it's looking like I guess it's a possibility.
The thing is, can you stay this hot this long?
It's going to be severely difficult, but your heat that you took was unfair.
How about that?
Thank you.
I got a great compliment from Don Granato, too.
He said there's an argument that he's the best player in the world right now.
It's pretty high praise from an opposing coach.
The way the season started, he's number one right now.
If I had to pick a heart winner, I would pick him.
And my guy who I actually picked before the season started was Nate Dogg. And the reason that all came up in my head is he won the Calder,
rookie of the year, but I, I would say that there's most
people would say Nate is going to be a hall of famer, but in order to be a hall of famer,
you have to add some legal wards to your resume. And at this point, other than the Calder,
he doesn't have anything. And I think he's just one of those guys that has that competitive
mindset where he would probably tell you, I care about cups not personal awards and achievements but he probably has to collect a heart or or some form of of major substantial
league award to to get in no or no because because if you look at say the next seven years
he averages 90 points a season they win another cup or two he doesn't win the rocket richard he doesn't
win the heart and he doesn't win the uh con smith he's getting in the hall of fame okay i i think
just yeah it's overall dominance it's like the eye test when a guy retires like he was that much
better than the entire league basically that he's a hall of famer but i i do know what you're saying
like it would be weird to look back considering considering Makar got the con smith,
if you ended up looking back at the end of Nate Dogg's career,
and even if he had three cups,
like no Hart or no Rock or Richard or no con smith,
it would be surprising.
I can't speak.
No, you're good, buddy.
You're good.
I mean, it's my pirate.
This hat is just crushing my skin.
You can decostume if you want and come out of character.
Okay, so let's say he doesn't get a league award.
Do you at that point say with the sustainability of what you talked about?
Let's say he wins one more cup but never gets that prime league award.
Would you still consider him a first ballot for the way that he dominates?
If he's getting 90 to 100 points every year, yeah.
First ballot. Okay, good to know. All right. Guys, I just want to go back to Jack Hughes real quick. Biz, on the TNT broadcast, I thought you made a really good point about the way he skates.
I was at the game last weekend and just watching him skate. He kind of skates like Jack Eichel,
where he skates very upright. And how I was taught to skate is bend the knees, get down low.
Can you kind of dive into that and what you meant on the TNT broadcast about his skating?
Well, the reason I said it was just because I think that the way that these guys are moving on the ice now, he might not.
I think Colby Armstrong described Jack Eichel as like a pterodactyl type stride.
I don't think that Hughes' maybe like looks exactly the same, definitely a lot more stand-up-ish when he does
i feel it just helps you well one i don't know how these guys get that fast standing that straight
up where normally you feel like you generate your power for bending your knees and getting that full
extension but these guys these video game players are just finding a way to gain that top end speed
by not doing it and making it look effortless. And another thing is, is when you're kind of standing up that tall, your, your vision,
whereas as opposed to your, your whole body having a line where maybe your head's tilted
down a little bit because of the bent knees and how your body has to be as far as what do you,
what do you call that? People go to school for, uh, is it kinesiology? Yes, that is correct.
That's a big, that is correct, actually.
That's a big word for me.
So he's able to scan the ice.
So when a guy's coming at him,
even when he's putting himself in these positions
where he is cutting through the middle of the ice,
he can see them and then dish the puck appropriately.
And if the dish isn't there,
he's able to just fire the pill at will.
So I just think that stand-up style
provides a lot more benefit
than guys who maybe tend to bend their knees a lot
and the way that their bodies align from a vision perspective.
I think it's like a golf swing where there's just so many different ways to do it.
We've seen so many amazing skaters over the years all have different styles.
It just seems for him, he looks like taller on the ice too.
I guess what you're saying makes sense.
He's standing up taller, but he floats.
There's just some guys that are floating around
and he's got this beautiful long stride.
Yeah, I guess the point I was making is the guys
who seem to do it effortlessly are the ones
that are skating a little bit more like that.
Like, he's an example.
Jack Eichel's an example.
I don't know.
I mean, I feel like Austin Matthews tends to skate
and operate like that as well.
I know.
Matthews doesn't, though.
When I watch Matthews, I don't think beautiful skater.
He's fast.
He's powerful.
Powerful and efficient.
But when I see Hughes, it's just prettier,
if that makes any sense.
100.
It's more dove-like.
He's skating like a dove out there.
It's beautiful.
Or kinesiology-like.
I still wasn't sure. What beautiful kinesiology like i still
wasn't sure what did what did kinesiology have to do with what you were saying just like
the study of the body so like if you're if you're bending your knees a little bit more
in the way that your ass has to stick back i tend to think that your your torso and your upper body
has to lean a little bit more forward to match the angles of your shins okay so you want that
to all be together
from from my understanding and where i skate now most people listening right now i don't know how
much of bending your knees you were doing there biz in which i got hit with that during the tnt
broadcast to bring it full circle because i was chirping the the old um the old washington team
and on the power play like all five guys refused to bend their knees so I mentioned it and I
got a text from Nick Dowd who's a member of their
team saying pretty ironic that you're talking about
guys bending their knees when you didn't fucking do
so when I play with you so fuck you Nick
Dowd but yeah
I dropped a lot of big words there not sure I said
a lot but we can probably move on from that
segment what if you're born without an ass
oh actually the pizza box
ass
ask wit on from that segment what if you were born without an ass uh oh actually the pizza box ass the secretary box yeah ask with some of the lumber ass gee did you was there for like a minute now
it's gone mine fell off in the womb uh gee didn't you say the uh devils like what the oilers of the
east is that is that what you said yes yes in the pre-prod pre-pod meeting i i did i compared them
to the oilers i said the devils are the Oilers the East just because
they are all offense they are all talent and they don't have any goaltending they have such
high skill but they just can't put it together as a whole they score a ton of goals and they
can't defend I think it's a pretty good comparison I didn't mind it I liked it I liked how it rang
off the tongue as little as maybe it makes sense for people listening.
Oilers of the East.
I think Toronto is more like the Oilers of the East,
but I do agree with you a little bit.
Three, two, one.
Biz, that goal you were thinking of, Charlie Lindgren,
the other backup for Washington.
I want to give him his props. That's who you were looking for.
And, yeah, the Devils, man, they've been struggling with their stats.
They've given up the first goal in seven out of eight games,
but Tyler Toffoli's getting heated up a little little bit so we'll keep an eye on them we'll
have our correspondent pasha back but uh what i want to ask you something would you say this
grind your gears when people wear a shitty mask for halloween it's a halloween version of grind
your gears grind my gears brought to you by big deal brewing slash finder find out where the big
deal brew is near you you know it doesn't the only time it really does is was actually the other night at the golf course I belong to.
They had a big kids Halloween party.
The kids get dressed up and, you know, face paint, tattoos, candy giveaways.
They do the whole shebang.
They do a great job.
There was some dude sitting around.
He was sitting at a table and I don't know.
It was a mask.
Say it was Jason mask.
I don't remember what the mask was.
He just sat there the whole time.
I'm like, this is a kid's show, bud.
He just sat there.
It was so bizarre.
He didn't take it off to eat.
He didn't take it off to drink.
It's like, buddy, if this is an adult costume party, you could sit there in the corner with
your mask on the entire time.
You got kids running around here and you're scaring me let alone my five-year-old son so take the goddamn mask off after
20 minutes and grab a freaking grilled cheese and some tomato soup and enjoy yourself but in terms
of like being on a bar with people with a mask on that's up to them to want to do it i would never
do it because of how hot you get and then you're smelling your own breath which is usually disgusting
so i i would i would say all right i would i would not be a mask guy on halloween how
worked up did you get yourself over this whole thing like nothing i just kept looking over i'm
like what is this guy doing buddy like take a lap take your mask off well i apologize i should have
introduced myself i'm sorry i didn't mean to scare the kids yeah no do it but when someone does have
that michael myers mask on and you don't know who it
is and they just kind of lurk and that's don't like it every shit don't like it definitely one
bit no it's funny i unless we're seeing the ski slope tits from the halloween movies a little
fucking you know little suzanne hanrahan specials no it was funny when i sent the uh old blog to
the group from three years ago it was you know all the covid bullshit going on and i wrote a
wicked uh clickbaity headline i am anti-mas mask and here are the reasons why and everyone's like right right right i think it was covid it was just
it was a halloween thing i was like i don't like to wear a halloween mask because i think they're
like the lazy way out because you know i mean if you're in a pinch you got to do it but it's lazy
it's not always funny and dude like you just said you got a mask on how are you gonna like
mack on chicks if you fucking got a wolfman mask on breathing. I think this is an undercover way of shitting on G's costume is what
I think. That's not a mask.
That's not a mask. It's not
considered a mask. No mask.
No mask is face covered and you
have to move something to get a drink
into your mouth. Yeah, exactly. And you know,
you know, I put your fucking pull it up to the top of your
head and try to mug up with some chicken at the at the end
of the night or something. So yeah, I know it's a
goofy Halloween version of Grind My Gears,
but I always bought you by bigdealbrewing.com slash finder.
And hopefully you'll have some benefits.
All right, you know what sucks for Halloween
if we're doing Grind My Gears?
I've said this before,
but I hate when people buy too much into the costume.
So I had a buddy a few years ago who was Peaky Blinders.
And all night from the second he put his costume on
till the end of the night,
he tried to talk in an Irish accent.
It gets to the point where you're like,
dude, we're just like, we're drinking,
we're having fun, we're at a bar.
You're not the Peaky Blinders.
Like, let it go.
No, I don't like that.
Yeah, you could just bottle him and be like,
hey, I thought we were in Dublin.
Like, you wouldn't shut up with your fake Irish accent.
And it drove me nuts because that would,
I would lose
my mind g like that's why i didn't do helicopter french guy that's why i didn't do helicopter
guy to me dude i'm not dealing with the french guy oh yeah pasha does uh his charcuterie board
making uh jean georges jean georges he tried that with me once i said no no no no pasha
yeah he's done that full night
trying to wheel girls and and convincing them that he's actually a french exchange student
now that's why i don't like to go too much into character and that's why i didn't do the
helicopter cock as joe thornton so i kind of tend to just trend that line so i just want to say that
i'm also anti going too much into character. Wait, you mentioned bottling someone.
I don't know if I've ever told you guys this story,
but I actually let a kid bottle me in college.
And it was the dumbest decision I ever...
Why would you let a kid do that, G?
So I am, as you guys know, I'm very easily convinced to do things.
I'm very gullible in a sense.
And my buddy said that if you take like a coors light
bottle you drop a nickel in it and you spin it around a bunch of times and then you smack someone
in the head with it it's a pain-free bottling so i'm like it all has to do with the flick of the
wrist and how you make contact on the head i had a buddy used to do it and believe it or not i tried
it as well and it didn't work out yeah. Yeah, it didn't work at all.
You guys realize, I think you both, like Biz, you still believe that?
You still believe if you hit someone a certain way, it's not going to hurt with a bottle on the dome?
No, I've seen my buddy do it.
He's done it to himself or other people?
The guy's name, it was either Devin or Mike Skinner.
I hung out with them when I was growing up,
and they would do it as like a trick prop
where they would take a glass bottle,
and they would do it, and they would hit it.
So if you take the thickest part of the beer bottle,
right in the middle, right there at a certain part in their head,
and boom, it breaks.
And like nothing.
Clean exit, no cut, no nothing.
You're saying it breaks.
I think Grinnelli's saying it just wouldn't hurt
and no no no it shatters it's supposed to shatter over your head and it and it's not supposed to
hurt it's supposed to party trick i mean this is like this is like when tiktokers were putting like
uh the dishwasher yeah but i did it for the love of the game i wasn't you guys are idiots i did it
for the love of the game there was not even camera phones back then i was just fucking trying to
execute a party trick.
So one of the issues was I ran to the bathroom.
I'm gushing blood everywhere.
It's coming all down my face.
And the guy's like, oh, fuck, dude.
I was supposed to tell you to put a hat on during this.
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to go.
No, you don't need a hat.
That wasn't the problem.
You just did it like a bitch.
It was just bad wrists.
What else?
What's next? We got to move on from this. yeah absolutely how many stitches g real quick none none i actually
just uh i glued it go he glued it a couple butterflies there you go all right moving right
along here uh talks connects but uh biz points in four straight after three wins and an ot loss
to jump into second place in the pacific 11 points, six points behind Vegas. Their best start since 05-06.
And a guy we mentioned doing our previews, Thatcher Demko, looks like his old self out there.
3-2-0 and 9-3-6 save percentage. 1-9-1 goals against with a shutout. And to Smith, he's been
unreal in the backup role. 2-0-1, 9- 9-1-4 save percentage uh now what's it only three players
right now what you were talking about elias pedersen is a possible mvp only three guys in
the league right now have more points than him uh brad locken and jack hughes jt biller lighting up
two biz your boys talk let's go to you on this one first they are bought in and it was actually
wit when we were figuring out the outline he's like we have to talk about the canucks and and
i'll hand it over to him in a second,
but just from watching them,
and I've probably watched about three games,
last one being against the Rangers,
which I thought that they got hosed on that call in overtime.
I thought Pedersen got tripped,
but just even after a loss to hear Talkett talk
about the team the way that he did,
where he was like, I was proud of the guys.
They competed like bastards,
and when I say everybody's bought in like i look at their top guys first and like let's start with
pettersson like it's not just the goals and the playmaking i would say every time i've watched
them each at least once a period he'll take a run and separate a guy from the puck he is playing as
physical as i've ever seen him play uh people
were a little bit uh poopy pants that i mentioned that he still needed to approve maybe in the
compete level slash defensive side of the puck they reminded me that he had called not called
there but selkie votes last year but overall i'm rescinding my concat uh my comments excuse me
this guy looks like the total package uh Then you go over to JT Miller,
just an absolute piece of shit to play against. He's playing with that edge. And I think that
since Talkets came in, he's instilled the confidence in those top end guys saying,
if you want to, you know, if you want to be these top dogs and you guys want to be a playoff team,
you can't take nights off. And far they haven't and Quinn Hughes is
is playing on a different planet I don't know what the stat is already what best plus minus
after a certain amount of games in Canucks history he is an analytic darling the way that his motor
runs and the way that he's able to be a one-man breakout and make the fucking right play every
goddamn time it's it's been exceptional to watch.
I don't think that anybody had any question marks
about what Quinn Hughes can bring to the lineup
and the way that his season was going to go after giving the captaincy.
You've already touched on the goaltending,
but from top to bottom,
just everybody playing the way that they should be.
And if they keep going this way,
there's not a chance that they're missing playoffs.
They are a well-oiled machine with excellent goaltending,
and that being the key factor.
Tauket also had a great segment on After Hours afterward
with Scott Oak and the gang,
and just really did a good job of summarizing
what this team has provided so far in the early season.
I love watching them play.
I watched the second and third of the St. Louis game and then
the second and third and overtime of the Rangers game. They look great. Very happy for a guy,
Tyler Myers. He scored a beauty shorthanded goal in one of those games. And he's taking a lot of
heat there, right, Biz? I mean, he's kind of been the whipping boy at times. And, you know,
as a huge guy, and you remember how amazingly dominant he was
when he came into the league.
Yeah, rookie year in Buffalo.
But he's not overly physical.
And whenever you see those bigger guys
not be laying those bone-crushing hits,
and, you know, it'd been a little bit of a struggle
for the entire team and maybe for him personally.
He looks awesome.
This Phil DiGiuseppe Papa Giorgio is a stud on the wing.
Him and JT Millerer like he i love his
game he scored a beauty and then petterson oh he gave the nicest dish to jt miller for a little
sauce pass he went and burnt burnt the goalie of st louis i think it made it three or four nothing
they were just all over the place but the biggest thing about vancouver and we talked about goal
songs they have the best goal song in the league they have the number but the biggest thing about vancouver and we talked about goal songs
they have the best goal song in the league they have the number one the i don't know what it is
the section of the song it's don't you forget about me by i think is it simple minds ra the
song yeah breakfast club yeah oh dude when that building's rocking and they get a goal and then
the section of the song they play now it's an 80s song it it's top of the
league for me no doubt go check it out go check out a youtube highlight of a big Canucks goal
this season and once you hear this jam you'll know what I'm saying but Quinn Hughes like busy
did a good job just can play he could play the whole he could play the whole game I feel like
yeah it's it's similar to his brother he's just floating around out there he's always got the
head up great stick for us you for an undersized defenseman.
But JT Miller is the one guy I look at.
And you see him go in for faceoffs.
We've talked about him a lot already this season.
He's just pissed off.
He's just angry when he's out there.
He's got 12 points in eight games.
I mean, he's played 295 games as a Canuck.
He's got to have at least 330 points.
He's just been dominant ever since
he got there. And I think with Toc getting in there from the beginning of the year and giving
them a chance to really figure out his system. Now, granted, he was there last year, but to start
a season with training camp and to buy in and have a lot of people saying that they weren't going to
make playoffs to give you that little extra motivation. I love that team. I really do.
I think they're a lot of fun to watch,
especially at home.
And I actually think,
I think I did,
did I pick them to get in?
I think I did.
You might have flip-flopped,
but I mean,
we mentioned Hughes.
We mentioned Myers on the back end.
And I've been critical of sometimes
the way that they move assets
and maybe have rushed the rebuild.
They gave up a first rounder and I don't know what else they gave up for that Roenick over from Detroit.
And I think that he has really panned out.
He's played well with Hughes.
He's a great compliment to him.
So from the goaltending perspective, from the way their back end's playing and a lot of these other no-namers, even in the bottom six.
Like who's the other kid that had a great start?
Was it Lafferty who came over?
He was in Toronto last year, was in Chicago before that.
He seemed to have fit in.
I texted to talk about him.
He goes, I love him as a player.
So they've had a lot of bright spots early in the season
where they can build off and hopefully continue this positive momentum.
And Bavillier hasn't even scored yet.
So if they can get him going all of a sudden that,
you know,
right now he's on the third line,
but with,
with,
with Garland,
but get him going.
And then that's another guy who's proven he can score.
So yeah,
they're,
they're firing on all cylinders and main thing being
Dempko and how good he's looked.
Wait,
you did not have him in the playoffs.
Just a heads up.
Fuck.
Suck on that.
Well,
also a lot more defensive dedication from Miller too.
I mean, you know, that was always a knock on his game But you know Tarkin got in his area
He's obviously committed much more to that
And also 55 of shot attempts
During Miller's 5 on 5 play
Have outscored opponents 7 on 2
So again beating the same drum
Defensively and obviously getting it done on both ends of the ice
Also if you haven't heard yet
Episode 304 back 3 years ago
We did have Elijah Pedersen on
way back in the day. If you hadn't listened to it,
go give it a whirl from a few years back.
Another Canadian team, man. The Montreal
Canadians, huh? How about those boys?
5-2-1, 11 points. They're tied with
Toronto for second in the Atlantic. Jake
Allen, man. This guy, 33 years old.
He's been huge for them. 3-0-1 in four
starts. A 9-3-0 save.
He's 2-6-3 goals against. Two 6-3 goals against Cole Caulfield.
He's got four goals.
Two of them overtime game winners.
Another team with great, a lot of fun to watch.
I know a Bruins guy, but the Canadians are a fucking fun team to watch.
Yeah, they are.
And I think Martin St. Louis, just the career he had
and the ability to kind of get through to guys.
And we've talked a lot about Caulfield when he came over
and the jump in his game.
But I think he has this team playing hard.
I don't expect this to last very long, personally.
Now, Nick Suzuki's actually struggled a little bit too.
So like to see him, you know,
them doing this well without him playing his best,
I think St. Louis even called him out
and the media said he had to be better.
And I don't know, what has Anderson done?
If you can look up his numbers, G, I don't think he's done that much.
But they have this Justin Barron kid.
He's scoring.
He looks great.
That's kind of a surprise right there.
I've already said how much I love Arbor Jack guys game.
I mean, forget the toughness.
He can move.
He can pass it.
He can shoot it.
That's a great player right there.
So I think that just the vibe in Montreal special the one worry as a Canadian fan I'd have is and he's young and I don't want
to be unfair but I don't know about this Slavkovsky and I don't think he should have been in the NHL
last year and so far this year I think he's got one assist in eight games and I just worry about
the hockey IQ biz I I I think he was drafted as a full-grown man.
I think he was probably the same size and weight that he is now when he was picked.
Now, obviously, we interviewed Logan Cooley.
He went third in that draft.
But I just worry.
Like, if you don't see some improvement this year, then you're like, oh, we rushed him.
What do we do now?
It's just one of those situations where you feel bad for the kid he probably should have been playing in the nhl last season and he's
the first overall pick so the pressure and the scrutiny in that city is going to get worse and
worse and worse well at least he doesn't speak french and if they did if they did strike out on
that pick we've talked about the setbacks of missing on first overall it's just it's kind of
tough to see how he's playing right now now at the same time he's 19 years old i think or maybe 20 but i don't know
that that that's a big time question mark for me talking about the habs future um wait josh
anderson has one point in eight games so they're doing this without guys that they expected to
produce producing and and especially with anderson the, he's the power forward there.
And I mean,
they had him and doc where he,
you know,
he's kind of getting those reps.
Now he's got to be that physical presence.
The guy that we saw in Columbus before he came over,
um,
going back to that Slavkoski pick,
um,
was,
I forget who I was talking to,
but the,
the scout that they have was,
was he not a scout that was, where was he before?
Was he with the Rangers?
And he also had a few off-the-board picks from overseas
that never panned out.
He picked Kravtsov, who's out of the league.
He picked Elias Anderson, top 10, I think.
He picked, in the same Slavkovski draft,
they picked another Slovakian kid who's still in junior.
It's like, you got to be hitting home runs on these first round picks man and when you're not you're setting
the team back so it's it's a tough goal it's a tough goal right now and i'm rooting for slavkovsky
of course right yeah this doesn't mean we're shitting on guys we're just talking shop here
baby yeah it's like it you know i don't mean to be personal at all. It's just you watch this kid play.
It's like, ah, it's the hockey IQ part.
It's seeing the ice.
It's making plays.
Obviously, he's a big kid.
He can get to the net.
He could probably score some goals.
But how much are you creating?
And you look at first overall picks.
You need that home run.
I'll be honest.
I haven't watched a lot of Canadians hockey.
I think the only periods I've watched was that opener they had against the Leafs.
So for me to comment on the play of the team, I mean, aside from them winning
and getting some good productions from some of the young guys,
I mean, hey, probably a way better start than they expected.
Well, your Leafs, Biz, your Leafs went into Dallas,
a Stanley Cup legitimate contender, and just dusted up on them.
The Leafs are looking nice.
Are you buying into Wall being the starter of game one of the playoffs
as we're still in October?
I am so fucking happy you asked me that.
So, you know, I don't want to put the blinders on, right?
I don't want to be the Leafs jock sniffer every time I talk about the Leafs.
You've never done that. I appreciate that.
Shut up.
So I reached out to Carlo Koliakovo.
I said, hey, listen.
And I got a little bit of a breakdown more than just on this Joseph Wall situation.
I said, is it okay to believe the hype?
Because every time I see this guy in the net, he performs well.
But yet here we're talking about a guy who's got less than 20 NHL starts,
so our sample size is
so small and he goes biz but if you actually look at the sample size and take the nhl out of it
like he's done this over the course of three years so when he has got his opportunities to come up
over the course of the last three years every time he's brought his game up to this level
he's looked progressively better now if you watch him play
he's a bigger guy who handles himself well as far as keeping in control yet has that athleticism
and the technique that is made for success to the point where even that joe bowen where i was
talking with carlo he said the the least radio announcer said that he has enough pedigree in him
with his mechanics where if he played a full season for the Toronto Maple Leafs,
him being in the Vesna running wouldn't be out of the question.
That's how high they are on this kid.
Now, I'm going to go back to the 2021-22 season.
He played four games.
He had a 2.76 goals against average with a 9-11 save percentage.
Then the next year after that in
22-23, he got seven games played. He had a 2.16 goals against average. Now keep in mind,
we're talking seven games here. That's a decent stretch of games with a 9-32 save percentage.
And then now this year so far in 23-24, he's played four games thus far, a staggering 1.33 goals against average
with a 961 save percentage.
So, Denny, going back to the Marlies situation where he has had sustainable
success with the Marlies, where he has been the guy.
And if you talk to any of his teammates, they would say that this guy has the
poise and the pedigree in order to go have sex success at the nhl level with the way
i'm sure a lot of that too if you're the leaf starter you get your wiener sucked off right
before puck drop in one of those back alley rooms where they sniff the counters but so to hear that
from coley acavo and bowen and you're probably thinking oh these guys are on the payroll of
course they're going to talk positive they're not Leafs jock sniffers. They're just trying to
give it to you straight. That's, that's my opinion anyway. Uh, so I am very confident
in what this kid can bring. The only thing that was holding them back from probably being called
up before this was the fact that he also, and ironically a Leafs goaltender has dealt with
injuries down at the AHL level as well well so that's just something that the leafs
goaltenders can't seem to get away from i don't know if there's some fucking voodoo doll out there
but between samsonov murray and and and him they've dealt with their fair share of of injuries
moving on to more leafs chatter aside from the obvious uh the marner and matthew stuff
william nylander can't be talked about enough right now gotta sign him up
ASAP he is just like the Pedersen situation he's probably looking in that tent between 10 and 11
million dollar range where Pedersen should get more than Nylander do you agree who would you
rather have oh god that is uh I would say you were talking about i i i think that they i think with what
i'm seeing this year from nylander that the the the limit as just as high as what we've seen from
petterson if you go back to last year yeah but what petterson provided is probably more so than
what we've seen high-end nylander but But right now, the confidence and the skill set is matching the compete level with Nylander,
and that's the most exciting part you're seeing,
especially if you're a Leafs fan,
where I would say that there was maybe an unfair criticism
from the Nylander side of things
based on how Leafs fans want the Leafs to play hockey.
The last most recent success
that the Leafs fans want the Leafs to play hockey. The last most recent success that the Leafs fans have seen from Toronto
were the days of Gilmore and Clark.
So they want that rough and tough type hockey mixed in with the success,
but that's really not what those guys provide.
They provide the skill set and right now the competitive side of it
where Tree Living has done an excellent job
of going to address all that other stuff.
And you're going to get Leafs fans who say
bringing in Revo based on what you've seen
from an on-ice play perspective was a waste of time.
I can't believe how many Leafs fans don't like him.
They're fucking morons.
They hate him.
And guess what?
And they're winning.
So it's like...
And games that you're playing teams like,
let's say you're playing Philadelphia.
You can insert Revo.
If you're playing a team like Boston and Luchich is across the ice,
you can insert Revo.
You're playing Montreal.
You need Revo.
If he plays 60 of the games and provides what he's been providing,
I'm taking it all day long with the intimidation factor.
They're going
to say, well, every time they're out there, you know, they're creating a few more scoring chances.
Who gives a fuck? They have the offensive guys who can provide that where you're simply looking
for a different element to distract the other teams from that side of play. That's it. And if
you get the playoffs, if you need them, great. Youomi you got Bertuzzi you got McCabe you got
Giordano there's enough of that to be snapped around if the team you're playing against isn't
trying to lead with the ace of spades toughness style and and I got some messages of people
you're just friends with Revo I said well I mean obviously I'm friends with him but I'm also
looking at the game is sort of making another direction
back to like having a little toughness
is a good thing.
And if he's given up a couple scoring chances,
but creating maybe some room
and some respect for guys
when he's not even on the ice,
I'm willing to kind of exchange those two.
And I think that you see what he can bring.
And obviously like, yeah,
you're not looking at him to be great
in his D's or great offensively, but what he can bring. And obviously, yeah, you're not looking at him to be great in his D's or great offensively,
but what he can just kind of change people's minds-wise,
that's what I look at.
Are you going to take a run at someone
if he's in the lineup?
I don't know.
And I think people who maybe never played,
and I don't want to be the guy that say,
you never played, you don't know what you're talking about
because that's not the case.
But you have in the back of your mind, what will happen to me if i do this and when he's
in the lineup that is more existent than not so i i want to see how the season plays out on a team
on a team that's had a history and the reason i i talked about that was i felt like dubas took a lot
of brunt for not bringing back that toughness. Eventually last year before playoffs he did.
But that element is something that you need in order to also calm down the stars
where people want to start taking liberties.
At least there's a possibility for an answer for it.
It's there.
And then it's not just there with him.
It's there with other guys as well.
So it's being snapped around.
The other thing I the other thing i
want to go back to wall quick is one thing that bowen was was adamant about is the way that he's
able to track the puck you know sometimes you get the goalies where hey if you're being screened and
they you know they just really don't track it well and it goes in they kind of give the hands in the
air he is one of those guys that's able to, wherever the puck is and whatever action's going in front of him,
he does the best he can and he's excellent at it,
at finding it, tracking it,
and not allowing that net front screen to be an excuse.
So a lot of times we talk about these goalies going down with that VH
and just kind of shipping it in and just being,
well, I had my angles covered and if it doesn't hit me here,
then too bad, so sad.
Nah, this guy's finding a way to battle and get eyes on the puck
so he can make those unlikely saves when they're coming from different areas
with non-predictable screens.
And then Holmberg.
Okay, my guy's back.
The guy I said in preseason.
Why are you saying biz?
I'm fucking
It was just funny that it was part of the pre-season preview and i said this to
carlo koliakovo on the phone i go fuck i go i really like what he brought last year i thought
he was like a a perfect third line center guy and he goes i think that they with frazier and i'm
drawing a blank on his last name the kid who got sent back to junior they wrote the mitt they wrote
they wrote the excellent article on it in which I want you to break down after this,
but I think they had to send him down in order to get him his reps.
Well, now that he's been sent back to junior,
Holmberg was one of the guys called back up,
and he goes, Biz, I'm with you.
And he goes, you could watch a whole game and be like,
well, did Holmberg even play?
But he makes the right play every time,
and if you're watching the video as a coach,
you're saying, God damn it, man,
this fucking guy doesn't make many mistakes.
And that's exactly what you need in a third-line position.
He's played four games right now.
He has no goals, no assists.
I think he might be on the plus side of things,
but he's neutralizing the other team's guys.
That's his job.
Don't get scored on.
You got enough team that provides enough enough offense and his offense will come. But to hear him reiterate what I thought coming into the season,
where he was excellent last year and the, he's a coach's dream where he's not making these mistakes,
but he's the guy when you're on the bench with, and you're seeing him play, you're saying,
God damn, that's a nice little subtle play that you might not notice game in game out,
shift in shift out, shift out.
My guy's back, and he's the guy that I'm going to be looking at all season
for the Leafs to take that next step.
He'd be such a valuable piece as a third-line center there.
Those guys are like the defenseman's dream in a sense.
Like I'll almost say
Low and slow, always an option.
It's just like you know when they get on the ice and you're on the ice,
you're like, yes.
He's so responsible.
I got some backup.
Kind of like I would say, not that they play similar,
but O'Connor in Colorado, right?
That guy gets on the ice, McCarr says, perfect.
We're covered defensively.
So I know what you're saying.
I mean, a lot of pub for a guy with 0-0-0 across the board,
but those guys, they matter, Biz.
I was going to break down the entire
marley's roster here after this too if that's okay but hey going back to frazier mitten that
that was it was a really cool article you sent to the group chat um it was written in the athletic
correct yes yeah and and it just talked about his upbringing and um you know a late bloomer a big
time late bloomer he's from vancouver and, wasn't a name that everyone was talking about at 14, 15. And you know, the saying is like a star
at nine or 10 is he's nowhere to be found at 14, 15. It's, it's a marathon, not a sprint.
And so many parents are obsessed with the fact that their kids got to be great when they're
eight years old. It's like, dude, you don't have any clue about how many, look at Patrice Bergeron.
He told the rink shrinks. He's like, I was never any good.
I just kept getting better.
I kept getting better.
And this kid, Minton, he's just, he's very, very willing to be a, not just a good hockey
player, but like a good human being.
And you have to read the article.
You know, it was close to a month ago I read it.
So obviously I'm not remembering everything, but always into kind of learning about other things in life.
He didn't just pigeonhole himself as a hockey player.
I remember growing up, all I thought about, all I did, all I dreamt about was hockey.
And I remember conversations with my mom when she said,
you've got to be a well-rounded person, Ryan.
You need to do more.
And I was never great at that.
And so seeing a young kid who had a chance in the nhl and will play in
the nhl like be that open and honest about um hockey not being everything and like it's just
like that's not who i'm that is my profession and that's what i love and he's super focused and
driven in hockey but he's more about being a well-rounded person so i think just if you read
the article it goes into his parents did a hell of a job, it sounds like.
And he was very adamant about just like adding different things to his life and learning about different subjects and not being the type of kid that I was where it was hockey all day and all night.
And if I'd broken my leg when I was 15 years old, I'd probably be, I don't know, pumping gas right now.
No offense to gas pumpers out there, but I didn't have a backup plan.
I didn't have other interests.
So young guys out there, look to make yourself a better,
more well-rounded person while also keeping that passion for hockey.
But hockey ain't everything in life.
Yeah.
And he was a big surprise in Leafs training camp, R.A.,
and that was why it was written.
And like you said, when he kind of came out of nowhere
and has excelled his game, especially in the last couple years one other thing I pulled from it RA
was uh just his uh like his you talked about his willingness to learn how he would he would be the
guy to reach out to new teammates on the team even when he was in junior so he was he's beyond his
years where it really took the coaches off guard with how he he developed that leadership and how he was just a good person to to his teammates in the way that he handled himself
biz the pot i like by the way biz you i'm sorry what you would never pump gas let's not let's
not play pretend you would have a pump gas for a little if i needed money all right you don't
know what i'd do i could be like leo in basketball diaries in a fucking hey now who knows no biz what
i liked about the article was
How they talked about him spending
Lots of time with his grandparents like going away
With them every summer and they just like
Passed on a sense of curiosity to him so
He wasn't just all about hockey and you know
I live below my grandparents for
A good chunk of my life they were up on the third floor
Classic Boston triple decker
And my other grandfather like you know you get
To a point where you're both you know you're both guys 18 you're adults he didn't drink Anymore but we my other grandfather, like, you know, you get to a point where you're both, you know, you're both guys.
You're 18, you're adults.
He didn't drink anymore, but we'd go on his boat and just, you know,
talk like a couple of sailors and shoot the shit.
Read some Playboys and say, hey, Gramps, you want a shot?
What do you think, Gramps, 36D or what?
There was the au naturel of a Playboy, too.
So, yeah.
Wyatt currently, whenever he sees my wife's mom just says oh shit or oh lordy
like apparently she said oh lordy or oh shit and now if he sees her face oh shit so yeah
to put a bow on the leafs chatter i think wall's gonna win uh vesna uh leaves are gonna win the
cup he's gonna win the con smith yeah and there's no hyper bowl here uh kneelander is gonna make
12 million a year and they're gonna somehow find a way to make that Smythe, and there's no Hyper Bowl here. Nylander is going to make 12 million a year,
and they're going to somehow find a way to make that work with the cap.
And that's to put a beautiful bow on it, beautiful blue bow.
All right.
I'm a big fan of the  what did you say, Hyper Bowl?
Isn't it Hyperbolic?
Hyper Bowl?
Is that what they call it?
That's a chamber.
Hyperbole.
No, I love it.
I love it.
We have a fun with language
circumcision
well beyond time for our next
guest Kevin Dahlman like I said
earlier the
most points ever in the KHL most goals
I believe as well
by a D-man
thanks for the clarification there just good stuff
a lot of KHL stuff
a little bit of Bruins gossip in there too for the folks who might share for the clarification there. Just good stuff. A lot of KHL stuff. A little bit of Bruins gossip in there, too, for the folks who might share for the B.
So let's send it over to Kevin Dahlman for our second interview.
That interview was brought to you by Chevy.
Chevy is working to make charging very simple.
With over 110,000 charging stations across the U.S. and Canada and growing,
your smartphone becomes your co-pilot when using the MyChevrolet mobile app with Energy Assist.
The app allows you to access vehicle information like battery status and charging settings from anywhere.
The Energy Assist feature intelligently plans your routes, tells you where and how long to charge up,
and gives you real-time data about charging station availability.
There are three different home charging levels available. Chevy electric vehicles offer great options for charging,
all of them as simple as plugging in your smartphone. 110,000 stations across US and Canada
and still growing is an amazing number. And I think when you're looking at these EVs,
it's about making charging simple and that's all Chevy's doing now.
Learn more at Chevy.com slash electric.
That's Chevy.com slash electric.
And remember, when I'm on the car hunt, I am on the car hunt right now.
I need to see you as a truck guy, an EV truck guy.
I just especially after I talked about at the beginning of the podcast, so I can't even drill into my wall.
I feel like trucks are not up my alley.
Yeah, but you could maybe change your whole vibe as a person.
All of a sudden, you're charging electronically
on the road trips with Alana.
You're driving around the thing.
You maybe throw a cowboy hat on.
If anyone can make me more of a man,
it's a Chevy EV.
So head on over to chevy.com slash electric.
All right, it's time to bring on our next guest, an undrafted defenseman. So head on over to chevy.com slash electric. All-Star, League MVP, member of the 15th anniversary symbolic team, record for most points by a defenseman in a season, a Gentleman on the Ice award, and he retired as the KHL's all-time
leader in points by a defenseman and goals by a defenseman.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chickens podcast.
Kevin Dahlman, how's it going, brother?
Good, boys.
Good to be here.
It's been a while.
I didn't think I was going to get the invite because Biz reached out to to me in astana a couple years back to get him a job there and i kind of
ignored him wait what you have to stick handle the plate first of all shut the fuck up when i've
been hearing from you enough with the ball hockey going on i actually reached out to you for a job
in the khl you don't remember that?
No.
Fuck no.
I don't know if you were,
maybe you were half serious.
Maybe you weren't.
Maybe you're fucking on your feet.
I was dead serious.
Cause I know what they pay over there.
They pay them the table.
You rich fuck.
You were like,
Hey dolls,
what are the chances you can get me a job there?
Cause I think Morassia just left.
Um,
and I,
I did,
I reached out to the GM,
but they wanted to bring in that,
uh,
the general's son,
that guy who did that rampage against Kuhnland,
the China team there when he beat up everybody and jumped in the bench.
Oh, I don't even remember that.
Oh, you don't remember that either?
Have you guys heard of this one?
That rings a bell.
He went haywire, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right off the draw.
He suckered a guy off the draw, and then he went after another guy.
That guy turtled, and he went after another guy that guy turtled
and he went after another guy and then he jumped in the bench pulled a guy out of the bench and
then cool in like uh it was one of our pre-season tournaments and then they uh forfeited the rest
of the tournament they took off i just beat the shit out of them they didn't think i was crazy
enough to step in and play with you guys i could have done some crazy shit i would have baseball
swung a guy in the face to play in the k just to see all those hook daddies in moscow oh jesus yeah no i know
they uh they wanted to stick with this general the general's grandson that was uh that was coming in
and he was quite the meathead but i'm surprised you don't have a russian accent for how much
fucking time you spent well i was gonna tell you guys if i start to speak in
like broken english because i'm just so used to doing uh interviews with uh the kazakhs or the
russians so i'm like slowing it down my kids are like dad why are you talking like that
but uh yeah so tamir raspiev it was the name of the guy you're referring to
yeah yeah yeah big meat yeah i i just i i, yeah. I respect that you called around for Biz.
I could just picture you being like,
yeah, yeah, Biz, I'll call some people.
Just don't wait by the phone, bud.
Yeah.
I didn't want to stick up my spotlight over there either,
so I was like, I don't know.
Well, it is crazy.
Dolls, we were catching up at the Chicklets Cup,
and it is nuts.
Obviously, we'll get into everything.
But it's a lot harder to get over there than people thought.
I remember thinking, oh, I played in the NHL for seven, eight years.
This will be no problem.
And with the lack of imports, it's actually pretty tough.
I mean, obviously, really high-end guys could go over there whenever they want,
whenever they're done playing in North America.
But a lot of guys who think it may be easy to get a job in Europe,
it doesn't work that way.
And the agents matter so much.
I don't know if you grabbed a guy that was a Russian agent
right when you first went over,
but they seem to be able to really pull strings and get things done
in terms of getting people contracts in different cities.
Yeah, we were talking about it too.
You have to, especially those top teams like SKA, CSKA, terms of like getting people contracts in different cities yeah we were talking about it too and like
you have to like especially those top teams like ska um seska even um ufa and stuff you have to
have like a couple years in the khl to get a contract there they want to see how good you are
uh to see if you're worthy enough to play but yeah i mean i i kind of lucked out because i i got in
right at the start of the khl. So it was a little bit easier.
They were just looking for guys coming over from North America.
So I think that was kind of like an easy way in.
But you're right.
Yeah, it was tough.
I mean, they would ask us if we could bring some guys in,
if we knew some guys to come over.
And we'd throw a bunch of names out there like, no, I don't know.
And you're right.
You needed like a Russian agent, like a little contact over there, maybe a scout that was that played in North American and was over there just to kind of put in a good word and stuff.
And I like I don't know how you got your contract and everything over there. But, yeah, like I said, mine was mine was we were at the start and I saw guys were going over there and my agent was like, let's let's jump on it. It's good money.
I was like, absolutely.
Oh, I had the sleaziest agent in the game.
I don't even remember his name.
He was probably selling used Ladas and like toy Gliotto, whatever that's that dude you
were in the hot tub with.
You just never found out.
No, that was Vadim.
That was my driver.
We were boys.
We just like tugged each other.
He was your agent, too.
You just never figured it out because you never saw the guy.
Isn't that the funniest thing too though?
Like the drivers and stuff, they just like weasel their way into everything.
Like team parties, everything.
They're like getting on the plane.
They're down by the dressing room.
Like, oh man, we had some good drivers too that were just hanging out with us all the time.
So you just mentioned it.
So at the time that you went over there was it expansion
and the fact that it went from the super league to the khl or maybe that happened like a few years
prior i think they they did have an expansion draft kind of but yeah it was the super leagues
ended and then they just yeah the khl started right at that time and i just i was finishing my contract with la and it was that
summer and uh i think yager went over chris chris simon went over joseph stumple a couple of those
guys signed older guys yeah and then and then that's when they went over to the k but as far
as kazakhstan was the year that you were there how long did the team existed in kazakhstan
well the year the that was their first year in the KHL,
but I think prior to that they were 10 years,
but they were in the Kazakh League.
And they still have that Kazakh League present day.
But yeah, they were down.
It would be equivalent to maybe, oh, geez, I don't even know,
Junior B over here, how bad they were.
Oh, yeah.
So, Tal, you had an amazing OHL career like lit it up and then you know you
were in the ahl for three years but doing well and then you get your chance at the nhl st louis
la you got a deal like that couldn't have been that easy especially at that time when obviously
there was money there but there's like the dream of being you know a 10-year nhl guy as opposed to
the three years you'd played it must have been tough tough to be like, oh, I still want to accomplish my dream of playing in the NHL longer,
but I got to take care of my family too.
Like, it must have been a pretty hard decision for you considering you were one of the first guys.
I mean, I know Ray Giroux, who was a hell of a goal scorer in the AHL.
I think he had 61 year with Hershey.
He was over when it was the Super League.
He was like an OG.
But for the KHL,
you were one of the original guys to go over.
Like how tough was it to make that decision?
Yeah, it was tough.
Obviously, like you said,
like I had some success in junior,
pretty decent success in the American League.
And then jumping up to the show was,
I mean, I was in Boston and I had like,
I was playing a ton with the Bruins. Like first 20 games, I think I I was in Boston and I had like, I was playing a ton with,
uh, with the Bruins,
like first 20 games.
I think it was averaging 22 minutes.
I only had an assist.
So Sully,
Mike Sullivan brought me in and was like,
do you think,
can you get points in this league?
I said,
I don't know.
I said,
I'm trying,
I'm getting everything on the net and we weren't doing so good.
And that,
that was right around the time when Thornton got traded.
Uh,
so then they were like, okay, we're going to send you down.
And then I went from there and I got called on waivers with St. Louis.
But yeah, it was just I had some spurts of success there and confidence high and low, kind of that kind of thing.
And then the decision came that summer.
Yeah, my agent was like, hey, you want to go?
I said, yeah.
Well, I had an end of the year meeting with Dean Lombardi.
And at that time, when the defensemen, for small defensemen,
they were very rare.
There was like Rafalski was a little bit before me,
but then I was like a little small.
So he was like, have you ever thought about going and playing
on a big ice surface over in Europe?
I said, no, I hadn't. And he said, well, do you know Rafa?
He said, yeah. He said, well, he had success and then came up back here.
And I said, OK, well, I'll look into it. You know what I mean?
I mean, he's like, do you think you can put up 30, 40 points in the NHL?
I said, yeah, I do. I think I could.
And he said, well, we're not going to sign you, but good luck.
And I said, OK. So that summer I was like, I got a couple offers, but only two ways.
And then my agent was like, yeah, we got this offer.
We had two offers, one from Tesca and one from Berice.
And I was like, what?
Berice and Kazakhstan.
And that summer, Borat, the movie came out.
I was going to ask you about Borat.
So we're sitting there and I'm just like i just finished watching the movie
maybe a couple weeks ago um he's i'm like kazakhstan does it really look like this
and we i talked to my wife and uh then they reached out like a couple guys like stumple
was there and he reached out to me his training campus started this was like in august
um and i talked to him they said it's nice everything like pretty like embassies were there they had a lot of embassies
it was english speaking um up and coming and then uh i said they offered good money and my wife was
like well why not let's just go experience it and then i was like yeah okay well i'm gonna fucking
go i'm gonna play one year over there if i could prove myself come back and show them i can fucking put up 30 40 points in the nhl
and uh yeah so my brother fucking orders this borek cake fucking him in that green
bikini thing yeah and i get sent off to fucking kazakhstan yeah well hey did it look like the movie like
what's it like there it's not man it's like i don't wait did you ever get i played i played
you there um and i actually remember being like this city's way better than i thought yeah so
it's it's very up and coming like they're they're trying to make it like a little Dubai kind of.
But when I first got there, obviously, it wasn't  definitely wasn't like the movie, but it definitely wasn't like it is now.
It's vastly improved and like a lot of money is there.
They got a lot of money there.
But, yeah, I was nervous.
Yeah, we were definitely nervous going there.
It took a lot of time, like the first couple of years, especially we had a few.
We could always have unlimited imports there.
So we had to like go over meal plans because they had like ketchup and mayonnaise as pasta sauce.
Cow tongue, like any salads that look like just jello.
It was just.
Did you try the cow tongue?
Yeah, we tried it.
It's just like rubbery and
wasn't very good and um but they do have like their their traditional meal is like horse
it's like besh bar mac that's that's good it tastes like
yeah um but it vastly changed uh throughout the 12 13 years that I was there. It's nice now. Oh man. And that new rank, that's a,
that's an NHL rank right there.
So at the time you moved there with your wife, you didn't have any kids.
I had two kids. Yeah. Two. They were, they were,
I had my boy in LA and then my daughter was in Providence.
My daughter would have been three, four and he would have been two. Yeah.
And yeah, so they weren't in school the so that was good um but then when they started the school and stuff
they they they learned russian they turned look learned kazakh um they adjusted well and then
then they adjusted well throughout the 13 years there 12 years that we were over there obviously
with the travel and stuff they're well traveled. But they were all nervous with the food.
The biggest thing was the food.
You couldn't get normal meals there.
They had one TJ Friday's that was there at the time when we first got there,
and we frequented that place quite often.
But other than that, it was tough to have some good meals.
Couldn't get a good steak.
Besides Moscow.
Moscow is an unreal city.
But other than that, there was no good steak.
I was like, I just, I remember coming home.
What about chicken?
Yeah, they had chicken.
They have chicken.
They have beef.
But yeah, like with saying, it's like they don't have like a good steakhouse or a good,
like, I don't know.
What do you consider a good steakhouse?
Like nothing compared to Morton's or nothing compared to any of those, obviously.
The keg obviously the keg
that was a good steak uh but recently my buddy i have a buddy there who's from uh dubai now and
he's been he was there pretty much the whole time and he opened a bunch of restaurants so now he's
got a couple steak houses he actually he's actually opening one in in dallas here um but he he's got a couple of steak houses. He actually, he's actually opening one in Dallas here. But he, he's got some good steak houses there now. I mean, I obviously wouldn't go back there just for a steak, but if you're ever there, I got a spot for you.
What, what are the locals think about the bull rat stuff? Do they not take kindly to that? Do they not find that funny at all in the dressing room uh the the boys when we get like little bus rides or
whatever when we had to do uh i don't know to like the bazaar stuff like that they would have
borat the dvd and they'd throw it in and they'd be fucking howling they loved it they loved it
but i don't know the locals so much i think they they didn't like it um they kind of thought that
they were being made fun of which i mean they, they were, but they were. Yeah. I think he was pounding his sister in that movie.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
A little incest for the boys in Kazakhstan.
Those Mongols, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know sometimes a lot of the negative aspects are brought up, but like there must have been
a lot of things you liked there if you were there for that long.
Like what were the positive points of being there?
Yeah.
The Louis Vuitton duffel bags
the biggest factor yeah um there there was a lot no like i said the first it was the first two years
were tough but the imports we all we had a lot of imports which made it uh that much more fun
they had their wives and everything were there uh in it like we had the embassies the international
schools um and then like i said it eventually
started to to roll into this like city where um it is like considered like a small dubai they had
all these big buildings they they just put a ton of money into great malls great restaurants like
that's a that's a thing that we didn't have like you wouldn't maybe because you were only there for
a little bit but they they flew in on last couple of years to all these restaurants.
They flew in all these chefs from like Italy, Spain, just Michelin star chefs were there and all these restaurants.
But but nobody goes to them because of the, you know, the money difference.
It's rich or shit poor.
And but they were never busy.
But, yeah, they had uh some good restaurants
but yeah um and that's that's that's why we stayed like like the the fans were great the
organization was great to us like they always they paid for everything cars apartments um and then
salary and and then i had success and that was and that was uh I guess the biggest factor as as far
as your adjustment to the hockey side of it how would you describe it differently than North
America and obviously the big ice but like how did you transition into it right away you said
you were snapping around getting points like how did you find it compared to North America
I think it was yeah obviously the bigger ice surface, but I mean, there's a lot
of skill and then there wasn't as much hitting obviously because of the big ice surface. But,
uh, for a guy like me, I mean, a guy like you went to, it'd be like jumping into those open
areas and they just, they got so much skill that they could find you, you know, anywhere like a
Raduloff or like Dazi, just anywhere. You're right there. You got so much space. You can just snap it in. Um, and as I mean, that's it.
It wasn't so physical, but I liked playing physical and you may not think that
biz, but I, I kind of did. I was, uh, I had a couple, uh,
dropped the cold shoulders, but, um, yeah, that was the biggest thing.
And then I don't have to fight and I never really wanted to fight, but,
but then, uh, some teams had some had some tough, tough players on them.
But other than that, I think that was the biggest thing.
It was just the ice surface and having more space out there to think and to make plays.
I remember we played you guys my year over there.
And it was you, Bochenski, Nigel Dawes, Dustin Boyd.
And it didn't even matter who the fifth guy was and you guys
were on the ice together the whole time and and the game we played you had four assists i'll never
forget i'm like this guy must be having so much fun playing hockey because those three forwards
are unreal i think they were aligned they were unstoppable pretty much and then you're out there
with them all the time getting all these points i of like this guy's probably having a blast right now but i didn't know that they they came over maybe all three
of them together or bochenski was maybe one year before him but yeah it seemed like there was
serious connection and i guess just being together and playing every shift together made that much of
a difference yeah there was uh there was me and you remember Mike Lundin, defenseman? Yes, that's who it was.
He played at Maine too, I think.
Yeah, he did, yeah.
Me, Mike Lundin, yeah, Boyder, Dossie, and Bochenski.
I was there two years to start the KHL, and then Bochenski came in,
and then the following year, Boyd and Dossie came in,
and then after that, Lundin came in.
But, yeah, we would practice together, the five of us.
They would do lines, you know what I mean?
Like it'd be five guys and then five guys, five guys.
So we were power play and we were playing,
but they would play them for as forwards 23 minutes a game, 24 minutes.
And I'm me and Lundin are playing 25, 26 minutes a game.
And it was just my first year, honestly,
when I broke the records and had 28 goals,
I was just like everything I touched went in the net.
I would like be around in front of the net and it would just come to my stick, empty net.
I just like put it in.
I was like, how did that just happen?
Come off the back of the glass right to me in front of that empty net.
I touch it.
I was like, these are just going in.
And at the end of it, when I broke the T soft record, these Kazakhs, they're like, they want to do these photo shoots.
And they brought all these pucks on the ice,
and they were getting me to lay down with the 28 pucks on the ice,
and I'm doing these poses.
They're like, are you going to help me?
Tarps off?
Yeah.
Tarps off?
With the nipple claps?
They get a little silly over there?
With the tiger?
Did they get the tiger in there?
They didn't, uh one team did
that a more team they always brought that little tiger on the ice um but what we did was they they
are they would sacrifice like the the lamb before every season or when we had the new rink too
um they brought us all down to the zamboni area and uh we're like what's going on what's going
on they're like we're gonna christen the new rink i thought we were just gonna like have a party and drink and uh we got us all lined
up and uh this priest comes in and he's throwing the water and they're saying stuff and uh we hear
and it's screaming and like blood starts pouring into the zamboni on the thing guys are cringing
like matt fratton was like he went white and it
was just like oh my god what is going on and then they served a lamb to you did you guys yeah did
you guys eat it after they cooked it and we had that yeah lamb and stuff yeah yeah i mean lamb's
pretty lamb's pretty good it's a little little gamey but it's good for you isn't it really good
for you really lean yeah those are the silly types of traditions that they were doing
over there obviously playing in the k we always ask guy about the russian gas or any other crazy
shit you guys were doing did you get introduced to it your first year there where you had 28 tucks
no that that i didn't get you know i got introduced to it when i went to saint petersburg so my first
four years that i didn't even heard of it never Never. They never talked about it. Um, we just, yeah, we just got drunk and whatever. But when I went to St. Petersburg,
um, it was like a whole new level of, I don't even know, like Russian, they would give us like
doc would be like with these, uh, scientific scientist stuff on, he's like looking at these
pills, he's making these pills.
He wraps them in Saran wrap,
puts them in this.
Everyone stalls,
take these before practice,
take these before games,
take these after games.
And then,
uh,
so when I first got to St.
Petersburg,
um,
Patrick Thorson and Tony Mortensen,
do you know them?
Norwegian and a Swede.
Yeah.
So they were there and,
uh,
they're like the gas guys here.
This is like a couple of weeks into the start of the season. I was like,
what do you mean the gas guys here? He's like, Oh, you,
you got to test out this gas. I'm like, okay, well, what is it?
And so they're like, I don't know. It's like mind altering. Okay. I'm in.
I love that. So I was like, yeah, after practice, I'm first guy.
You gotta, you gotta sign up. I rush off the ice sign.
And they think they're sitting to me. they're trying to explain what's going on then tony martinson
comes over he's next to he's like so we had a swede last year who who did it and he he panicked
and he freaked out you're not supposed to like get up because you your body's just so anyways
he gets up and he's he goes he pulled like the wires out of the thing. He was like the guy in old school when he gets the dart in the neck.
And he like fell and knocked the whole thing down.
So they bring in doctors.
They were bringing it on the road.
Like they have their own room.
These doctors come and they do this whole gassing.
It's like a huge setup.
So you lay down on the table.
So I lay down on the table.
It's hooked up to this machine.
You have this big black balloon
and you put it like it's on a mouthpiece and you put it on your mouth and then you suck it in and
your fingers on the monitor and you just go and then you just go like
you don't feel your body you hear everything it's just like you're in like i was floating in like
the galaxy and uh and i'm and i can hear them and i'm starting to sweat and you just like, you're in, like I was floating in like the galaxy and, uh, and I'm,
I can hear them and I'm starting to sweat and he's just like, do it. It's just like,
what is going on? So they stop. Um, they're well, first they're like thumbs up if you're okay.
Thumbs down, whatever. And I'm just like, yeah, I'm good. So it ends and you like calm down.
They make you sit outside the room for like 15 minutes to calm down and i'm caught like it's coming down i'm starting to feel normal but i'm just like so
light i'm like floating i'm just like uh and they're like you're gonna feel like this for
the rest of the day and then next like tomorrow you're gonna be like chomping at the bit to get
on the ice so i'm getting dressed i'm getting a shower go for lunch and then the doc comes over with these blue uh package of pills called fujibao it's like equivalent to viagra over here not as
not as potent but he's like take this too and with the gas this you will be the best player
on the ice tomorrow so i'm like all right do it take it drink it and all day i'm
take it drink it and all day i'm all right raw card pregame is that how your third kid was born just pumping away your wife's like what's wrong with you i know she's like gained a half an inch
yeah right didn't gain anything but um so so get to the rink the same thing he has this cup of pills and everything in there just
i guess i mean guys got tested so i mean it must not have been illegal but on another level these
guys ska like the money they have and the stuff that the resources that they have and we were just
flying i don't know how we did we got beat any games that year because we had kovalchuk we had
all these guys
and they were all doing this like everyone's doing it and it's just like we just felt unbeatable
but uh so from a performance level would you say twice as twice as good and twice as lengthy shifts
as you normally could take yeah just like the endurance you're clear-minded it was like not getting tired it was so weird but i so i i the
gas i never got experience until the until scott so then we the next summer so wait yeah we do it
all like i i didn't do it a ton guys were doing it every game i wasn't doing every game because
it's got to be some it's got to be bad a little bit you know i'm saying so um the summer i i go early
next camp next year to camp for the summer and we signed this other guy uh i forget his name how to
say his name but it's rizanski or rizanski or something like this um and uh the guys are like
this guy's like he's a big d's problem he's's a problem. He would get all those Whippet cans, like the gas,
and he would have them in his car before practice or whatever,
and he would mispractice.
Guys would go open  like Riz is in the car again.
They'd open the door, and all these cans would fall out of the thing,
and Riz would be like drooling on the thing.
They ended up having to fire him because it happened like three or four times.
But the gas then at the clubs, they started to sell it at the clubs you know like
the shooter girls who walk around with shots and they do all the shots yeah walk around with like
20 black balloons and you pay i think it was it was like 5 000 tanga so it was like four bucks or
something like this 450 for a balloon and it was the xenon gas, the actual Russian gas.
So people are drinking, drunking hookah, everything, and then sucking these black gas balloons.
And they're just like zombies out there on the dance floor and stuff.
And then I went back to Kazakhstan.
And I was like, we got to get this gas.
The Russians, they're all doing it.
So I talked to the doc, and I talked to the finance guy and said,
there's got to be a way we can get this.
It's expensive.
So I was like, there's got to be a way.
I'll pay for it.
Just whatever.
We got to get it here.
The guys will love it.
I mean, we had great imports.
They all wanted to try it.
And a few weeks went by, and then was like kevo kevo come come come into
my room he opens the door and he's got this big metal cylinder i'm probably like four feet tall
he's like i got the gas i said beautiful he's like filled me up like one of those uh you know like
hikers or whatever and they have like the pack that fills up with water but it's like you can
squeeze it and whatever and has like you suck on anyways you fill this up he's like here take it home i was like
you're not gonna like monitor or anything he's like no it's okay you take it home you take it
home so i thought i could take it home barker cam barker was like i gotta try this so i drove him
home we lived in the same building we get in the car and he's like okay i'm ready i'm ready so i
was like he's like what do i do i said okay i do it, but I've never done it by myself, but I'll do it. So I sucked it in, squeezed it, did a couple
of breeze. And I went into the boom, boom, boom. He's like, I'm ready. He grabs it. Boom, boom,
he does it. I see him like go into like this. You can tell when someone's doing it because their
body just like freezes. And he's like, his head starts bobbing like this, bobbing like this.
And he's like, his head starts bobbing like this, bobbing like this.
He wakes up.
He goes, that's a 10 out of 10 buzz rate.
I was like, I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
It's like the laughing gas.
Like a Zin 7000.
Torn with a frigging debt or something.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Zin 7000.
Yeah. Oh, geez.
So then, yeah, then it got to Kazakhstan, the same thing.
It started getting the clubs in Kazakhstan.
They were doing the same thing.
And all our guys were out.
You got the gas before a fucking steakhouse in that city.
Oh, yeah.
It was unbelievable.
They're just hammered.
And guys got hurt, too, because they would be falling.
So you mentioned you played four years in Kazakhstan,
and then you ended up going over to where?
St. Petersburg?
Yeah, St. Petersburg.
Yeah, two years there, and then you ended up going over to where? St. Petersburg? Yeah, St. Petersburg, Scott.
Two years there, and then I came back and played four more.
Was it just the production that led you to getting a promotion, essentially?
Because I'd imagine St. Petersburg's paying way more money.
You're living in an unbelievable city in Russia,
which I would imagine is pretty similar to Moscow.
Yeah, yeah.
It's nicer, yeah.
Well, before you answer, Biz,
I just do want to let everyone know that that's like the ultimate goal of anyone in the KHL is to play for Scott.
Like the organization, the arena, the city, it is unreal. Like even watching the games on TV, it was like, oh, I'd love to play there.
So the fact that you were able to go over, I mean, you had some monster seasons at Barry's,
but they must have been pretty disappointed when you chose to leave,
or did they almost understand because it's ska?
So this is a good story because it was not like we had to leave, but they were obviously interested.
But my wife at the time, the year before, started a, I don't want to call it a blog,
but she started kind of blogging about
like her everyday life in kazakhstan and she got started to ruffle some feathers over there
so she was like blogging about some of the the corruption and some of the police
like if your car was dirty they'd pull you over and they ask for money um uh the the water coming
out of the bathtub, brown,
like how they abused animals.
There's just stuff that she saw during those times.
And some of the higher ups, the government,
that kind of stuff kind of didn't like that.
But she was also getting praise from other people for speaking out because it's like, you know,
that guy who was president there,
Nezer Bayev was like 20 years there.
So they got to the team the gm was like oh man
should we what should we do should we get gas cap i don't know if we can gas cap could we kick his
wife out of the out of the country i was like yeah go ahead like but they but then i uh scott had an
offer and i just i said i sat down with my agent and with the GM in
Barry's and I was like, let's cool off.
I got an offer with St. Petersburg.
I'll go there, let everything, you know, mull over and and then we'll see what happens after
that.
And there were it was no hard feelings.
They agreed.
But the rumor was that we just got kicked out of Kazakhstan.
My wife was talking smack about the government and everything.
But yeah, it was it was harmless. But, you know, it kind of did ruffle some feathers.
And that's how  and then, obviously, the money in St. Petersburg was
you couldn't get it anywhere else, yeah.
Because they put out the statement basically saying,
your play slipped and then we didn't make the finals,
so we didn't want to extend them.
Was that just kind of spin on their behalf or, like,
just bullshit to put out there? Well, we could  you know what I mean? We didn't want to extend them? Was that just kind of spin on their behalf or like just bullshit to put out there?
Well, we could.
You know what I mean?
We didn't do well in the playoffs.
We got beat out first.
We made the playoffs every year, but we got beat out first round,
and I didn't produce at all really in the playoffs either.
But then, yeah, I mean, yeah, they could throw that in there for sure.
Was that standard over there for them to just like sue a guy as a statement?
Yeah, we don't see it too much over here, but they can throw it in the bus like that.
The imports especially, if we would go on losing skids, there was a time when Lyndon
Veigh came over, Matt Fratton, I think Dossie was still here in various before he went to
Automobilist.
But we had a break and the whole team went to Dubai.
They didn't want us to go to Dubai because it was a short break and we had a big, tough schedule after the break.
But we were in first place.
So we all go to Dubai.
We have fun.
We asked to stay an extra day.
We didn't have to play.
So we asked to stay another day.
We come back.
We go on
a 16 game losing streak after that fall out of playoffs so the gm was just ripping all of us
the imports he's like they stayed in dubai they just partied in dubai they didn't train
uh that's why we're losing this this that so we go on uh a another road trip uh we're 16 losses in a row our unbeaten or having won in 16
um we lose another one and i think it might have been sochi um and then after the game the gm was
like i want you kevo kevin lyndon matthew in my office in the morning we're gonna i don't know
have a meeting so we're drinking on the plane um we get in at six in the morning, we're going to, I don't know, have a meeting. So we're drinking on
the plane. Um, we get in at six in the morning. He wants us there at 10. I'm like, I'm not fucking
going. The fuck this. I, we were just on a road trip. I got my family. Like I'm going to, I'm not
going to go. Lyndon and Fratton went, I didn't go. Um, we had the day off. So they were like, yeah,
he just kind of ripped us, showed our stats and then we just left i was
like fuck why did he want us to go so we have thanksgiving the next day sunday at dozzy's house
so i get into one saturday night we have thanksgiving um the sunday um we get into it
again i'm crushing wine and then we leave monday for a road trip we're supposed to leave and i'm
like i'm not fucking going i don't want to play for this gm i i skip it so i skip the road trip i get hammered monday tuesday they lose tuesday come back
wednesday we play thursday i didn't practice nothing i just drank all the way till thursday
and then uh we play coonland i play 32 minutes and we end up winning and then i go into the office
to the president i'm like i can't we't play. Nobody wants to play for this GM.
He gets fired.
But yeah, they would just blame us for any little thing.
I mean, we did lose.
We didn't win in 16, but it's not just our fault.
We didn't.
You know what I'm saying?
It's just bad luck, and teams were winning.
We just couldn't.
You go on those skids, I guess.
Well, you guys are also kind of all,
like the Kazakhstan players, they weren't, you know,
they were kind of weak.
So it was like, you can't just blame the imports
because they really have no backup.
So if like at one night you guys are shut out,
like you guys had no chance.
It's hard to be basically the entire team.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, we didn't have, I mean, they had some good players.
I mean, Antropov came back.
They had Starchenko, 48.
They had some good players.
There's no depth.
Yes, that's it, yeah.
And, yeah, if we didn't  yeah, if we didn't score,
then it was tough to get a goal, yeah.
But, yeah, they could easily  every time we did lose,
they would throw us under the bus.
The imports  it was the imports.
The imports couldn't score.
It's still that way.
But, I mean, it's more that way with just the teams that have a lot of imports.
I don't think they throw imports.
Did they throw imports when you were in Sochi under the bus like that?
No, they actually were way harder on the Russians.
Yeah, okay.
And they would almost kind of like baby us a little
and just they would give it to the Russian guys hard.
Yeah, I felt that.
Now, maybe it's because we had Russian coaches
and maybe it's just different with Kazakhstan and Russia,
but it was noticeably like we kind of had the easy end of the stick.
Yeah.
Well, they paid us a lot, and I think that was the big thing too.
So they were like the Kazakhs weren't getting paid.
They were getting paid peanuts.
Yeah. too. So they were like, the Kazakhs weren't getting paid. Like they were getting paid peanuts. So yeah, they just, yeah, they had every good reason, I guess, to throw us out of the bus.
Aside from St. Petersburg being the top dog in the KHL with like the hockey side of things,
what was the experience like living there? Like what, like for somebody who's never been there,
what was, what was the city like? So the city's very, very English speaking
because Finland's pretty close, but yeah. And that whole atmosphere too, of like the, ever been there what was what was the city like so the city's very very english-speaking because
finland's pretty close but yeah and that whole atmosphere too of like the uh during the winters
it's only a couple of hours of sunlight and then in the summertime oh you get sun light until like
midnight one o'clock it's it's fantastic but yeah everyone everyone spoke english the history there like the the museums and all the uh the buildings were
architecturally just amazing to look at and and obviously the clubs and the restaurants
um and yeah it was it was a lot of fun and and definitely a place if you were to visit you would
fall in love with it 100 beautiful women um just uh just a great place to play and
then tons of money like you know those that moscow st petersburg even kazakhstan like the money that
they throw around what was kovalchuk like over there just a rock star he was oh yeah everywhere
he went that guy oh my god well we during the lockout we had uh i was telling you i think i was telling
you it that we had uh bobrovsky we had tarasenko we had panarin um kovalchuk kalinin and chris
letang ended up signing there uh we were stacked and uh they just yeah they were kings they were
just kings they were but beaut but beauty's out every night
they didn't give a shit like
it was fantastic but they would we'd score
I think we only lost I don't know how many
games I think we only lost like 12 games that year
but it was
yeah those guys were kings
Kovalchuk he's still the man that guy over there
is Fedorov involved with the organization
now so Fedorov's involved
with Seska the Red Army team oh okay yeah he's that guy over there is is federov involved with the organization now so federov's involved with
seska with the red army team oh okay yeah he's uh they won it the last two years he was and he
played over there for a while like uh maybe mid through my career over there he was playing for
metalurg um and he still he was still playing good too like he was a stud when he played in the nhl
what flash the nikes. But he yeah.
So he was over there and he's still there with Tesco right now.
Who are some of these guys in Russia that you would say are the best hockey players you've ever seen play?
Who probably people who are listening to this podcast have never heard of.
Was there anybody in a couple of names that you like stand out where you're like the skill level just obscene?
Well, right now or when I was there.
But right now there. Yeah. when i was there but right now
there yeah when i was there well yeah i mean i think marasti talked about this too with with
panarin so he was young when when i was there so he was 18 and then he was playing for vts but then
he came to st petersburg when i was there and he just outplayed everybody the The skill he had, like the C cuts, the shot that he had,
the hog that he has.
He was just a lead.
Just a weapon on him too?
Some guys get it all, eh?
Fuck me.
Yeah, he was just a  but yeah, he would be one of those guys that like
you would have never heard of him until he went over there,
until he came to North America. But over there, he was so good as a young guy and not big he was like scrawny then too and
now he's like bigger and jack but uh a lot of guys like that uh caril colt soft you know him
remember him with his defenseman left-handed shot yeah he was a real high pick i think yeah i think
he was yeah and he was one of those guys that if
he he might have had success over in north america he did so much offensively i've never seen a guy
who could float and like jump in the play as as good and as easy as he could and his sauce pass
he would sauce pass over guys heads and on the tape and in like there was a lot of guys that
definitely could have played that never came over.
Sergei Mozniak, I don't think he ever
came over, right? He came over
to Columbus for
a minute. I think
if he didn't make the team,
he left right there. He made the team
and then still, I got to look him up.
Planning it to him, this guy
played for, what was that team?
Was it where Malkin played?
Magnitogors.
This guy was so sick.
He was 1,000 points.
I couldn't believe he wasn't a star
in the NHL when we played him. I was
blown away. And then the other guy, Zarapov.
That sniper.
He was a sniper too.
Zarapov. But yeah, they always had a good
line too. It was him,
Moseyakin, and that kovach or whatever the czech guy yep um yeah so biz yeah there's tons of guys like you just uh like i'm i'm surprised that none of them come over we had a guy in
kazakhstan uh starchenko roman starchenko he's still playing there he's the captain this year
um and he and me and antropov would talk all the time and try and get him to come
over.
Like,
why wouldn't you go over?
He's like the fastest skater,
hardest shot,
good hands.
He's like,
his legs were just like tree trunks and he just didn't want to go over.
He said,
I I'm comfortable in Kazakhstan.
He made pretty good money because he,
he was pretty good.
He always had 30 points.
So they loved them here.
And,
uh,
just that, that was their mentality.
I think that same with Mosaic.
It was like, why would I go there?
What I can make?
He was making 7 million, 8 million or whatever in Magnetagorsk.
So yeah, back to your question, Biz.
Yeah, there's tons of guys.
But I just got to get them over here.
I don't know. I think people don't know.
And I think I've mentioned it on the show,
is points are given out different.
So that's why Dahls' numbers are out of control
because over there, say I go D to D, right?
No, say over here, I'm in Edmonton.
I go D to D.
Defenseman shoots it on net.
Guy buries the rebound.
I'm getting the second assist.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it doesn't work like that over there.
Like you have to pass it directly to a guy
who then passes it directly to a guy.
There aren't like those cheap kind of second assists
where in actuality it is kind of weird.
Like if you pass to a guy who shoots it,
then the rebound goes in.
Like it's not really an assist.
It's just how it works in the NHL and the AHL in North America.
So that's why a lot of times people see numbers over there and they're like oh 30 points 30 points
of the khl is a lot so i think it's just you look at guys stats and you're like oh i don't see that
i don't see what's so special well they're not giving out nearly as many points as as they would
here and they and then yeah and if you try and go get your assist or whatever you think you should
have got there's no chance in getting it.
Yeah, they'll sacrifice you instead of the lamb.
How early did you try that, Dahls?
Right away.
Throw me on the second assist.
That enus instead of four, that game.
Oh, no.
But, no, because you don't speak English either.
And they don't speak English, and I could later on speak a little bit of Russian,
but yeah.
So it was tough to,
tough to get those apples.
Um,
I hear you.
How,
how hard would,
would these Russian guys go off the ice as far as the booze compared to
North American guys?
Was it,
was,
did they drink to hurt themselves?
Yeah,
there was,
yeah,
there was one guy I played with.
Um,
they had to give him like the shots to
stop him like before he went out like so they'd give him like an inject the team would give him
a shot i don't know what they were giving him so he wouldn't drink to like you know what i mean
it was like after five drinks you're on yeah is that what it is yeah so you get sick already takes it yeah we need to take it a
chicklets cup events now yeah it didn't work from the back on the way to the bar he drank he drank
through it right to the cadillac uh what do you call those cut margaritas baby i bet you 50 of
your bloodstream is cadillac margaritas. Ideally. All right.
You like to get after it.
All right.
Or what?
On the road trips.
Yeah.
A little bit.
I saw the,
uh,
sandbagger with the X.
I saw that one.
Oh,
it was a blast.
Yeah.
My first one.
Well,
I was,
you know,
heaven and harm where they go and Merle's couldn't make it.
And I saw these two guys are funny bastards.
So I broke my cherry,
had a good time.
We got another one coming soon too,
but back to the money you mentioned, like we always joke about, you know,
bags full of cash.
Did you like get a paycheck, direct deposit?
Or did you actually get cash a lot of the time?
How did that work?
It was mostly in Kazakhstan, we would get bank account.
Yeah.
So you had to open up a bank account there.
They wouldn't do your North American.
You'd have to, you had to open up a Kazakh bank account.
But I know a lot of guys,
I know VTs in particular,
a lot of them were getting paid in brown paper bags and that kind of stuff.
But a lot of the, so I bought an apartment there and they, people there,
you can't wire money or there's no check,
like personal checks and that kind of stuff. So I had to take out,
yeah,
500 K cash and just like walk to this guy in with the realtor and give him
them 500 K.
And then he gave me the deed to the apartment.
And it's just like,
I was showing Lyndon and then it was like,
Lyndon Vane is like,
Oh man,
you better be careful with that bag.
There's so many fucking,
these Kazaks are going to fucking rip you off.
I said,
yeah,
I know.
But yeah,
like a lot of the, yeah, I think a lot of people are getting paid in cat in in uh brown
paper bags a lot of teams are doing that did you make any money when you sold it when you when you
retired or do you still own it i still own it yeah yeah i rented it out they want me to coach
they fucking just messaged me the coach just got gas they want me to go and coach now
i don't know like fired gas or the the fucking blue velvet mask gas message me. The coach just got gassed. They want me to go and coach now. Like fired gassed
or the fucking blue velvet mask gassed?
Right?
Would
you consider going back over there to coach though?
I don't know.
My son, we went
back for that 15th
award that I got in
May, me and my son. My son was born in St.
Petersburg, so I brought him with me. We went back and i met with uh the owner of the team in uh because the world
championships is going on in lat in riga latvia and uh he made it everything sound good like he
wanted me to kind of help out with like help out coaching with the team but then also help out with
like minor hockey and getting the youth hockey uh up par with with North America and this and that.
And I said, yeah, but but I don't know. I told you during the Chickasaw, my wife has been ill for a little while.
So that's why I had to retire. So I said it would have to line up.
I told him that we'd have to have like a doctor over there and this kind of stuff.
So we're still talking.
They still want me to.
Like I told you, the coach just got fired.
But it's something I would think about, but only if everything lined up perfectly.
Your son being born, does he get citizenship sort of like Canada or America?
You're born here, you get citizenship.
Does it work the same way there?
No, it didn't work.
I think you can only have one.
Same with Kazakhstan, too. and chip does it work the same way there he he no it didn't it didn't work i think you can only have one same with kansas so it was like so we to play for the national team we would have a sports visa or sports passport so he he would be able to get something like that pretty easily so but he's
also dual here so he's got canadian and american my wife's american i'm canadian and then yeah he
was born in saint petersburg so i don't know how that would work. Dolls, are you the pride and joy of Niagara Falls, Ontario?
I don't think so, man.
Come on.
Really?
What about Kanopka?
Okay, so Kanopka's from Niagara Falls.
I thought he was from Niagara.
Niagara and Lake, yeah.
I don't know.
There's some boxers and stuff that are from there.
There's some good young hockey players there.
Like you guys, you're well in.
Oh, my God, the production that came out of there.
We used to speed bag you guys
surprisingly because niagara falls probably what twice the size and we had all the guys coming out
at that time but you were the one name coming out of niagara falls now but i was a little bit older
than you guys right yeah yeah a little yeah a little bit how was the development there what was
it how did you get into hockey we didn't even kind of start from the beginning of your career. Well, so my uncle I mentioned earlier was he played.
He played at RPI.
He was drafted by the Kings, I think, in the second round,
but then ended up playing for the Leafs five games.
But he played in the American League.
He had a 50-goal year with Newmarket in the American League.
And then he went and played over in um austria and vienna for
a little while and uh so yeah so he was a big influence my whole donald family played hockey
like my dad played a little bit a little bit of junior b and stuff and they just kind of
pushed not pushed it on me but you know i mean you get your kid into it and and that's where i
went and we were always into ball hockey.
I was in, I was a pretty good soccer player too.
So I played hockey and soccer all the way up.
And yeah, just, we had a good team.
We had good coaches and a good group.
Like the Kanopka was on our team.
He ended up playing, started playing in Niagara Falls.
We won a couple OMHA championships.
We played in the Peewee tournament with another fellow Peewee tournament in Quebec.
We didn't do so well there but yeah and then uh always i was uh i was the same size i am now i
was i was growing up so i haven't grown since then so i've been the same size but i was always bigger
than and a little bit thicker so i was able to to hit guys and i had a good shot i could always shoot so and i think that's where the success came and then um the whole university junior b i played junior b i was in for the
falls we won the southern cup um and then i was gonna go me and or being my buddy who's with the
clothing line uh we went and visit i was telling telling Witta, we went and visited RPI.
We had a little party there.
A couple of girls asked us to stay the night and then hang out there.
And then after the next night,
we were like,
yep,
we're coming here.
We're both.
Absolutely.
Like he got game.
Yeah.
Bolt on Walmart tits.
Yeah. And then I got drafted that year because i put the word out that i was
going to go to college and then uh that's when i got drafted eighth round to guelph
a friend of our family worked for the storm kind of begged me just to go to to the rookie camp and
stuff so i went to the rookie camp and my brother always jokes at me because he says after rookie
camp i just took my bag and left and said i'm too good for this league and i didn't say that
i said the hockey and the like these rookies were shit so i don't think i should play i want to go
to college because i already had in my mind i was going to go to college and uh on the way home the
gm called my dad was like listen just tell him to come back if what does he want like what what can we do to to keep
him here and uh my dad kind of like asked me i said i don't know like i really want to go to
school they're like well they'll pay for school um they'll they'll give you a little bit more
money than you're supposed to i said okay then i'll try it and i had a really good year and
they again then i lit it up in junior and i went from there. Yeah. But that was, that was kind of how my little start to hockey came.
My brother played too.
He was, so my dad had to lug us both around.
He was a factory worker after he played a little bit of junior.
My brother fought a lot.
He played in the central league.
He, he played in Odessa here in Texas.
That's where Friday Night Lights is? Yeah. Midland. Yeah. Midland, Odessa here in Texas. That's where, um, that Friday night lights is.
Yeah.
The mid Midland.
Yeah.
Midland,
Odessa,
Texas.
Yeah.
Hermian or something.
And that's,
and that's where you're living now.
Dolls.
You obviously used to go back to Niagara falls after your seasons in,
uh,
in the KHL,
but you know,
ever since COVID,
you ended up moving down,
buying a piece of dirt there and now you've turned into a farmer.
Well,
yeah.
So,
uh, that's, that's what happened. And so after, after I retired, like I told you,
my wife got a little bit sick. So we, it was right around when COVID started and Canada was,
you know, locking people down and I just saw things were changing and I didn't want to live
in that kind of situation. And I was like, well,as is open texas is free and i was just like
let's go so we uh i bought a yeah 38 acre property here uh very rural like right in between dallas
and houston like i was i was telling uh grinnell that uh i had to get my neighbor so when during
this uh spit chiclets tournament i had to had to to order Starlink because my neighbor got it.
So we weren't getting any internet.
My kids were complaining all the time.
Like, Dad, we need new internet.
How can we get new?
I said, I can't just call the internet company and tell them we need good internet.
We're in the middle of fucking nowhere.
So he gets the Starlink and it's lights out.
It's like the best internet he's ever had.
What is that?
Elon. Thanks, Elon? Elon, thanks Elon.
Don't tell RA.
It's Elon Musk's satellite thing.
It's like a robot. It goes on the top
of your thing and it finds all the satellites.
And it grabbed you
perfect internet? Oh, it's unbelievable.
When I got back here
to Texas last night,
it arrived.
I was like, oh shit, I got i gotta do this because if we were to do
this interview i would i was gonna go to his house and use his starlink and sit at his place and do
it but it came and he he came over and we were up on my roof we got the ladder we're fucking
drilling it in setting it up you had to take a picture of the sky and set it up but yeah so he's
he's been a huge huge help to me um because playing hockey i was just
playing hockey and fucking i didn't know anything like i i i was so after i retired my wife got sick
so i had to take care of the kids i had to cook i had to do all this stuff and i just recently
found out you know that spatula that i thought it was just the you know you put the icing on the cake and you just do this
with that rubber spatula thing yeah and uh so i was like cleaning the bowl and i like started to
use it to clean the bowl and it just came like it was like so smooth and everything was getting
more in the jokes in the bowl jokes and i was like babe big does anybody know that this is this can be used for this my
daughter's like that's what it's used for i was like no way and i was like i'm getting out i was
like so impressed and they're all laughing i was supposed to lick the ball yeah right yeah that's
true my finger and just fucking but that's what I'm saying. So I was lost.
So I was lost.
And then this guy has helped me with everything.
And he was at Chick-fil-A, right?
Yeah, he was there with you.
He was our coach or whatever.
Was he into hockey before he met you?
No, nothing about hockey.
Yeah, he just, but he listened.
I got him hooked on the podcast and he would listen.
He listens to it like
every day religiously yeah he loves it he's like business you hear what business
i don't give a fuck that much but just help me with my goddamn starlink here
i can change my car uh we got birds like we got turkeys like it's just a it's wild it's but it's so peaceful
what about uh um farming like have you been growing your own vegetables and stuff like that
yeah we grow our own vegetables we have a stock pond uh i got catfish bass bluegill um we grew
a watermelon field we got these huge watermelons um yeah we we have all that stuff our neighbors have cattle
we have bird we have chickens turkeys ducks guineas uh there's cows um yeah it's fucking
it's wild it's like what about the stock pond do you like when you catch the fish will you
grill them up or yeah yeah no we eat them yeah we restock it yeah
we put them in there yeah my kids will fucking throw it just as soon as they catch it they'll
throw it on the slab and fillet it and fuck throw it in the cooler and bring it up and fry it hey
that that's living man that's why i bought in jackson yeah i want to end up doing the same
shit because at a certain point yeah yeah that's that's the real life it's so quiet it's so peaceful out here this you can see the the stars like it's so close and it's just
it's quiet nobody fucking bugs you when i was in niagara falls it was like people stopping at my
house every single day and it was i don't mind that but not when my wife like she's going through
some shit and it's just like we needed and she needed to get out of nature and and get away from
the city and stuff so yeah what a what a. And this guy's been a blessing helping out. Yeah.
That's awesome.
You said you're like between Houston and Dallas and that's rural.
Have you ever been to like West Texas? Isn't it like, like a desert out there?
Like just nothing desolate.
Yeah. So I actually, I, I'm actually a volunteer firefighter too here in this
little town, but the fire chief, he,
he owns like an oil rig out in in midland where we're just talking
about and he brought me out there it's it's fucking nothing out there it's all no country
for old men yeah that's where that is yeah west texas yeah yeah and those guys work hard man those
guys grind oh they all everyone out here was either you're there well probably both you work on an oil rig
or you're in the military and then you fucking you're a mason you know everything you can think
these guys can fix anything it's wild so it's like similar like west west texas oil it's almost
similar to northern alberta where they're going for two weeks on two weeks off like that exact
same thing yeah sometimes yeah 28 days on 28 days off then my
neighbor did that yeah he did that in alberta he did it in and the gulf of mexico he did in alaska
fucking wild yeah a lot of respect for those guys oh my god yeah no shit how long do you think it
took you to finally get acclimated to that environment by like having your all your own
stuff and being like bidding being pretty resourceful with your your acreage we it was tough tough for me like i said because i
just and then not that it was it wouldn't have been tough if i hit simple if my wife wasn't sick
so i had to take care of i had so many responsibilities so when i retired you know
some guys like they kind of got to find a purpose after hockey i my purpose was i had to
take care of my wife my kids i had to fucking do all this awesome dude so it's uh so it went that
way and it was tough at first but my wife already had a green thumb she had already started we in
canada we we for the past before we moved here so seven years prior to that we were growing stuff
there and i was growing weed too we had some weed plants all right get your hand out of your pants all right it's like you just took one of those
russian blue pills when you said yeah five inches yeah so we it was it was it was a time
first little while adjustment and then especially with the heat too.
And we didn't get a lot of rain.
So we got to rig up some water systems and all this kind of stuff.
But I could easily just be like, okay, pay someone if I can come do it.
Set me up nice.
But no, I wanted to fucking learn.
And I got this guy next door to me as the best teacher.
So he taught me all this stuff, built a fucking chicken coop,
this huge run in the back.
And it's great.
You feel accomplished when you do something like that.
Fucking right.
Different than the hockey, but kind of same.
You know what I mean?
Life's nuts, though, that you buy this random piece of property
and then thank God this guy who you were telling me about at Chick-fil-A,
just like an awesome dude. random piece of property. And then thank God, this guy who you were telling me about a chicken's cup,
just like an awesome dude. Like you hadn't moved next to him,
even though it's 38 acres away,
who knows what would have happened,
right?
It's just,
I would have been lost.
Like your savior.
I would have been lost,
man.
Yeah,
no,
I know all the boys love them.
He's like,
he's an animal.
Yeah.
He's got some good stories.
That's for sure.
I told a story when I was talking about Jackson, I think a few pods ago, I was just fortunate where my neighbor there, he's actually some good stories that's for sure i i told the story when i was talking about jackson
i think a few pods ago i was just fortunate where my neighbor there he's actually from saginaw
michigan where i used to play junior he built his own house up there where our property is from
scratch and now he's building an outdoor rink so he's got the field of dreams rink up top on this
this amazing piece of dirt so same idea he just he wired my fence for me and put an
electric fence in so we could put cattle on it so i wouldn't have to pay tax on the land
so i'll have my own cattle so hey anytime you need some steaks ra you let me know buddy
cattle now biz yeah i got cattle on the land how much they charge you for a for a steer i'm going
there i'm going there on thursday so
i'm gonna i'm gonna square up with them and figure out what you know what to do and how it all works
and once again just sometimes when you go to these types of places or a lot of the time your
neighbors there that they want to help they want to help teach you so it's a little bit different
and and i've been very uh grateful that i got to meet this David guy. I told you that he also owns this off-grid experience outdoor company,
and he's got a bunch of contracts with the Teton County.
So he's actually getting even 10 of these battery-powered snowmobiles,
and he's got about 90 other ones.
So he's got 100 total snowmobiles,
and he has these people bring everybody out in these excursions.
So if you want to go there, go there with like a bachelor party.
You can go check out one of the moose game in town, the senior hockey.
You can go million-dollar cowboy, go skiing one day,
and then he could take you in the backcountry on these snowmobiles.
And you go into the national forest.
You're off grid here and then
some guys even bring their guns and they shoot for elk or whatever whatever that may be but
it's just a total different world and like you said since since now that i'm not playing i'm
feeling like i'm i'm missing a little bit of purpose right and and when i went there for the
first time i said this is something that i think i could become addicted to where i'm waking up
every morning and i'm learning new things,
which I mean,
that's right.
That's the whole point of life,
right?
That's it.
Yeah.
That's,
that's what you said.
That touching on that.
That's the same.
Yeah.
That's the learning every day is,
and,
but you've got a lot of purpose.
You guys are on fire.
You guys are like the success you guys have had right now.
Yeah.
I mean,
away from hockey.
What's the gun law here in Wyoming? Yeah. Oh, I got, I'm, away from hockey. What's the gun in Wyoming?
Yeah, I'm going to find out.
I don't have one yet.
I don't I mean, I wouldn't trust myself with a gun.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I'm just going to strangle them, strangle the get up and put them in a headlock.
Billy talked about your North American adventures on the Boston guy.
Hey, you mentioned the jumbo Joe Thorne. Where were you in that your North American adventures. I'm the boss of the guy here. You mentioned the jumbo Joe Thornton.
Where were you in that trade with that? Were you in the room?
What was their reaction because it was such a disaster
of a trade? Yeah, it was
it was, yeah.
They made, like, Glenn
Murray and
Boynton, a lot of those guys made O'Connell
come in and kind of like,
why did you just trade the best player?
No shit. In the NHL?
Yeah.
And he was just like, he just like stood there frozen and they were just like giving it to
him.
Ray Croft, all these guys were like, that was the stupidest trade.
Look what you got.
Oh shit.
Really?
Yeah.
And we were a young guy and we were just like, oh my God.
Yeah, exactly.
Why would you just-
Just to play the NHL is we can shit on our GMs.
Yeah.
You know he's the only player in four major sports to ever get traded
and win the MVP that season?
That same year.
I didn't know that, but that's a stat right there.
That's a tough stat.
The guy who traded him.
Ray Croft was a young guy too, wasn't he?
Yeah, but he just had the  he had won the Calder, right?
And he was their jam, right?
So he still stood up and said that?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of guys.
Those guys were  yeah.
They were just giving it to him.
And he just  he couldn't  he didn't know what to say.
He was just like we  we thought that his time here was done.
They just signed him like two months before that to a financial extension too.
Yeah, and we weren't doing so well.
I mean, it was only 20  18 games in or something like that.
And I think we're not at the bottom of the division,
but we weren't having a great start.
But there's no need to trade the best player in the league.
It was the year prior when, in the playoffs,
he had the broken rib, the most painful injury to try to play through,
and he didn't do anything against Montreal.
That was like the beginning of the end.
And then, yeah,
it just will always go down. That's crazy. You were there for that.
Yeah, it was, it was a wild time and he was such a, he's,
and everybody talks about it. I'm sure when you,
when they come on the podcast too, like he was just, he's a guy's guy.
Like he just took care of everybody. I had buddies who come down,
the guys who were at the spin checklist and they came to a game in Boston.
They were staying for the weekend and we we're all the team we were going out after and joe was like your buddies are
here right i said yeah they're outside they're on their way he's like come with me and he went
out there and he grabbed them all brought them all in sat with us walked around the bar and grabbed
a whole bunch of broads for him and paid for dinner and these guys were in heaven they loved
it yeah he's just that guy he's just uh
he's just he just takes care of everybody and then i kind of saw that and i saw that when i
was younger too like uh with guys like uh my uncle was like this and just taking care of everybody
and that that kind of when i played when i was in kazakhstan when i had the money that i that i
made i wanted to help guys out because i saw guys like that and how good it felt for me to see that I was doing that with some of the guys. And it's, uh, yeah, he's just, uh,
just an amazing guy. I would say, I would say if not number one, I'm sure the guys would agree.
He's top three, like white whales for us. Um, hopefully we can line it up at some point,
but like you say, just like the way guys talk about how much he, he like lived for the locker
room. Yeah. He would just, someone said it too. He just shirt how much he lived for the locker room. Oh, that's it.
Yeah.
Someone said it too.
He'd just shirt off and he'd just have the biggest smile
and he'd be running around.
He was saying he'd get guys to do push-ups.
But yeah, he'd have his nuts hanging out through his jock
and he'd be doing push-ups and squats.
He's just like various.
The stuff that he would do.
And you wouldn't expect it because he's the best player, the captain.
You know what I mean?
He's just being a goof.
Fantastic.
It was great to play with him.
Hey, that Starlink thing,
that thing's amazing to me.
So I'm getting just bent over the table
by Comcast.
What do they hit you a month for Starlink?
Or is it a one-time payment?
120 a month.
It's 99 to reserve it.
It takes a couple weeks to get it. And then it's 120 a month. It's 99 to reserve it. It takes a couple weeks to get it.
And then it's 120 a month.
For just that?
Yeah, just internet.
But it's fantastic.
The streaming, I think it's like...
But if you cut the cord like R.A. did, right?
I mean, if you're only using internet for all your TV,
which is what you do, R.A., right?
Yeah.
You might have to do this.
All right.
I know you hate Elon, but fuck.
You got to pay more than a month.
I just switched to Fios.
50 bucks a month, man.
I pay for internet.
50 bucks a month.
Fios.
Oh, that's why it's so shit.
No, I just don't.
I guess.
Even Grinnelli's like, all right, we could finally hear you on this thing.
Yeah.
Six years.
Yeah. I would definitely recommend it yeah dolls uh another guy in boston i need to ask you about so in the lockout year um bergeron obviously
paid his first year after being drafted and then the lockout year he went and played in providence
and you were there the whole year with him what were your like early signs of seeing his greatness what was he like in the locker room just kind of speak to him as as you
as if you were just describing Joe Thornton yeah so he he was uh yeah he did play that first year
right and then he came down for the for the lockout and he uh didn't speak very very broken
English too and he was very quiet um but the same you could tell English too. And he was very quiet. Um,
but the same, you could tell on the ice that he was captain material. He, uh,
I think he led our team in, in, in points that year.
And I think we went to the conference finals actually in Providence, but he,
uh, the same, like the same kind of guy quiet in the room. But, uh,
when he was on the ice, you could, the presence that he had was,
it was a captain material. He got along with everybody.
Brad Boyes was there.
There was Andy Hilbert, Keith Akoin.
But he was bar none the best player, if not on our team,
but in that league at that time too.
I mean, Eric Stahl was in the league, and he had his prime too.
Spezza was there.
Yeah, they had some good players, but Bergeron was one of those that stood
out. You could tell he was going to be
a long-time NHL
captain, but
not much English at all.
Very shy kid too.
You also played with another future
Selkie candidate, Anze Kopita
when you were in LA. He was a rookie, I think,
the first two years. What was the
experience with him? Similar to Bergeron, maybe?
Similar, yeah.
But he was a little bit more outgoing.
He liked to go and have a little fun, too.
But he was, yeah, he was the same.
And I played even international against him, too,
in some world championships.
But his first game, or first exhibition game that we played,
I think he had four goals in it or
something like that um and right away he was he was a star cuba gooding jr was in the dressing
room like anse anse show me the money like this guy and he was like yeah show me the money
he was uh the same yeah the same presence that you you knew the guys like that, even Dustin Brown, like that there's another guy, like I played with him in junior, uh, in Guelph and he just had
that, you know, he, you could tell he was going to be a professional. You could tell he was going
to be a long time, uh, NHL player. Um, and then I ended up playing with him in LA and living with
him, uh, in LA, him and his wife. Uh, but man, did he love video games? Like, oh, he felt that World
of Warcraft. He would play eight hours, 10 hours. I'd be going out with the guys, come back,
he'd still be on that fucking thing. But what a player. Yeah, he was another guy. Much respect
to those guys. Those guys, great careers. Jeez. And then they won the cup when I left. Fuck,
that's another stat. I thought maybe you would bring this up is um
every team that i played with after i left they all won the fucking championship got rid of the
trash see you later buddy he's like the guy that dead weight they bring into team building and get
them the fuck out every team fuck do you do you think that if you would have came up more in today's game that you
would have been able to have a sustainable nhl career do you ever think about that because the
game has turned more skillful and and probably teams are a little bit more open-minded to keeping
smaller guys on the back end i think so i i maybe i i thought about it a little bit during yeah
because a few teams uh later on in my khl career wanted me to come back to play my agent the same.
And I was just like, you know, I'm not going to go back to the money now it's too late,
but yeah, there was a, my buddies all said the same thing too.
They're just like, if it now, do you think, and I said, yeah, I'm sure.
But I mean, you can't turn back time, but fuck, it would have been nice.
Um, I think I could have done a little bit better, but I wouldn't change it.
Everything was great.
I mean, we've already mentioned his name, but the same goes for a guy like Nigel Dawes,
whereas he was this borderline player in the NHL and then ended up going over there.
And I would say that there's no way he would have made more money in the NHL,
even if he came back, that he made overseas.
Right.
And a lot of guys, like a lot of guys.
That's what it was.
It was the borderline guys that went over during
and had good careers over there, like Bochanski too.
Even Dustin Boyd had a good run over there too.
A lot of those guys.
Bidazi, what a player he is.
Oh, my God.
It's the success he had.
He just retired too this year
uh he was a good player he always he when he first came in i gave him a rough time when he
first came in too um he him and boyd or came in they played significant games in in the nhl too
before they came over so they kind of had an arrogance that I didn't appeal to at the start.
So Dazi was like ordering meals before.
And anyways, he ended up ordering a pasta and then going to the bathroom.
So I grabbed this pasta and I ate it.
I said, this guy's too cocky.
I'm going to eat this fucking pasta.
We come back and he got pissed. And then Lucas Kashbar ended up telling Dazi that I was racist.
And he's like, oh, no.
Yeah. telling dozzy that i was racist and he's like yeah so dozzy my first year he thought i was this racist guy i was like oh man no i didn't i just did it because i just ate your gnocchi buddy relax
i don't got a hood on oh yeah i don't got a hood on yeah come on here what's that what's that it's the what's the guy in uh oh for fuck's sakes chapelle show
clayton bigsby oh and then kevin kevin
yeah i could see the meme now oh fuck he divorced his wife yeah
kevin uh what why don't the nhl stop st louis i know you weren't there a long time they were
kind of going into a rough phase,
but you must have had some laughs.
You had Dallas Drake, Dougie Waite, and Big Walt in that room.
Must have been a few chuckles during a shitty year.
And that year, yeah, we had 13 first-year guys on that team too.
So we had a lot of fun.
I mean, we went on a skid where we lost 14 in a row too,
but Big Walt in that dressing room, the biggest chew in his mouth, and he but uh big walt in that dressing room the biggest chew in his
uh in his mouth and he'd always have beers uh right in the dressing room after but they would
give it to do you remember dennis weidman oh yeah so remember his shootout goal that he had where he
like yeah yeah went horizontal or whatever oh they put it up in the dressing room and walt every day
would be like what why it's what the fuck were you doing? Just give it to him.
And then, yeah, Mike Sillinger,
he was another guy that was
a veteran.
How many teams did he play on?
13. The most ever.
Yeah, he was another
guy that was pretty funny. But I
was only there for a short time. And another
Niagara Falls guy, Mike Blumack,
was there. And Brendan Brooks, too, from St. Catharines.
Those guys were there at the same time during when the 13 of the first-year players were there.
So we had a good young group.
We were always having fun.
And they allowed us to have fun because we were shit.
I got to circle back on the KHL stories.
Is there anything that we didn't cover where you
had some insane experience that we didn't ask you about one thing i was gonna ask you about was the
all-star game that you got nominated to where you guys played an outdoor game was that one in moscow
yeah that was in the red square in moscow yeah that was that was probably one of the most memorable
experiences that uh during that my career over there too because uh ray emery was there there was a lot of uh north americans that
were there too and and um right in the middle it was minus i think it was minus 20 guys like
it was we had scarves on hats on but they had everybody there putin was there it was just like got to meet the putin it was just like
all these legends were there pavel burry mcgillney all the trechiak they were all just like watching
and then scarves and then joking on the bench uh tough to play because it was so cold but um
they had a nice ceremony for everybody brought all these guys in and and that was yeah
biz thanks thanks for reminding me about that that was uh totally forgot about that experience that was uh
that was something that i'll definitely who was the most who was the most badass that you
probably intimidated to meet beret yeah probably pretty intimidating i was a huge federoff fan when
i was younger so uh when i got to meet him and then play against him and then play on the all-star team with him then have dinner with his
parents and him yeah it was uh that was a that was a huge huge uh i was federoff and beret still
battling over anna kornikova what's what's his name i really want to know you. What's her name, Tucker? Iglesias, didn't he? Yeah. I want to be your hero, baby.
Sing it with me, dolls.
I know I take your day away.
She did a number on Federoff, too, man.
He was like.
She fucked him up.
Yeah.
He got fucked.
Oh, yeah.
Money.
Fucked his game up, yeah.
Oof.
Tough one.
But yeah, those experiences, yeah.
All those All-Star games were shit shows though
um the like you said earlier on like the way they party is just uh they do party to hurt
themselves but every though i i couldn't even go out to some of those uh all-star games like i
just have to be pushed out there because they just fucked me up so much yeah um but yeah that's uh that's that's the russians man like tarasenko like we had a
and they don't give a fuck when they're doing it too like fighting or anything we went to uh when
i was in st petersburg with those guys bobrovsky and tarasenko we went to the ski lodge we had a
couple days off and uh they just did banya the the vodka shots the hookah everything and then uh the ski resorts
closed that it was midnight and these guys want to go down to the ski fucking hill so there's those
gts you know those gts we had as kids we're fucking hop on the whole g yeah these gts and
tarasenko fucking down this fucking hill straight down and flips and fucking snowballs fucking a bottle
i'm like dude he's gonna fucking die and fall off the cliff we're like chasing down there he gets up
he's fucking howling and suddenly rushing i remember das off went down he ended up hurting
his hand on the fucking ski hill but yeah they just they're just a different breed like it's
it's it's wild.
Jesus, man.
I got one more name.
You were briefly with them, but he could end up in the Hall of Fame as well.
Mike Sullivan, what was your experience with him?
Did you think he was going to end up being as great of a coach as he's turned out to be?
Yeah, I was impressed.
He was probably one of my top, top coaches that I, that I had.
Even, I mean, I had him in Providence with Scott Gordon.
And he, yeah, he liked me.
He was very vocal.
But he's a guy who played the game.
He was well-liked.
He was a great player, a good defensive player.
Very well-spoken.
I liked him a lot.
He was a great coach. And he went on to have fucking a great coaching career.
Jeez.
And he's still rocked.
And me and Witt were talking about this too at the chick that's coming how good
uh people hockey guys are like the hockey family and and that kind of stuff and
uh my buddy his his daughter had passed away and and that that's how they got crosby and them to
all kind of go say hi to him and say hi to his son and stuff um but yeah that's the hockey family
it's it's like no other family you'd be gone for so long like going to russia and then coming back and seeing you guys
and it's just like picking up like kind of where we left off that kind of stuff the it's it's yeah
you're running you're running to guys that like you know we didn't know each other very well but
then yeah spent an hour and a half just just hanging out telling stories at chicklets cup and
we were saying the same thing it's like 95 of the people that are a part of the game are great guys and you can just tell stories
have some laughs and and go over the good old days that that we all miss so much but um yeah it's
great to have you on dude it was an unbelievable career like i told you i I saw you you guys all had great careers and I don't know much about
you RA but
let's get it away
there's a lot more
are you wearing a wire
you don't work
for the feds do you
but if you guys
don't mind if I just plug the rats eating
eye heels
rats eating eye heels dot com If you guys don't mind, if I just plug the Rats Eating Eye Heels. Yeah. Oh, no.
Rats.
Ratseatingeyeheels.com.
Some cool shit.
Some cool urban street wear.
It's got a little bit of flash of hockey for our fat asses and thighs.
Yeah.
What's your buddy's name?
He gave me the Marshawn. Yeah.
The Marshawn hoodie.
It's like Marshawn with like a rat tail, like with a high heel.
He's high heel. Yeah.
So he,
his,
his name is Orby.
Mike Gore.
He was the one that had the,
the chick with the huge tits that everybody was.
Oh yeah.
Oh,
that was his girl.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
First thing,
first thing,
uh,
what'd she say?
He eats my ass.
Unbelievable.
That's what she said.
I knew he was the one when he ate my ass before he kissed me.
I was like, whoa, whoa.
I was like, check those cup strikes again.
So, yeah, he's my partner in this clothing company.
And I got a good story about him, too, if you don't
Oh, yeah.
Let's go right now.
All right.
So he was a wild kid.
Like his parents were never around. So we, starting in, I think it was after my first year of junior, we came back and I was
working at a sugar iced tea factory because you don't make money when you're in the American
era, when you're playing junior.
And I had a job the summer before and I spent it all anyways.
So I'm working this shift work at this place.
And the guys started like all our,
the pros come back for summer skates
and once a week and stuff like that.
So we're going for a skate.
We're all with all the pros and there's 17 of us.
So after we go to this bar, they're all buying shots.
I got 200 bucks in my account.
Everyone's buying shots.
The shot, the bill was like,
each round was like 300 bucks.
So I go to the guy who's one of our buddies,
the bartender. I'm like, I don't have enough don't have enough he's like dolls it's okay to pay so anyways bye-bye it's like dolls bought around everyone goes crazy mike then orby buys around so one of
the guys old school just came out with uh will ferrell when he streaks and we're going streaking
snoop a loop bring your green hat so one of the older guys
was like hey fuck it'd be great if somebody streaked clifton hill in niagara falls you know
the uh tourists yeah oh yeah right by the falls they got everything that rumors nightclub was
there at this time so the bar is closing i'm out of money they're all the pros they're like let's
go to the casino i was like i can't go to the casino so look at the orbian i't go to the casino. So I look at the Orbea and I look at my other buddy.
I'm like, hey, should we go streaking?
Was he daring us to go streaking down Clifton Hill?
They're like, yeah, let's go.
So Orbea's like, I'll drive.
So me and my other buddy, we get in the car.
We gear down, barefoot, everything.
Get to the top of Clifton Hill.
He's like, I'll meet you down at the bottom and we'll jump in the car and we'll get the fuck out of here.
So we start going and rumors is just emptying out.
It was last call. So everyone's coming to the street. All the fuck out of here. So we start going and rumors is just emptying out. Everyone,
it was last call.
So everyone's coming to the street.
All the tourists are down there.
There's restaurants open.
There's,
we're like,
Oh man,
we're committed now.
We got to fuck it.
So I turn up the drunk sprint and a curb and I fucking head first over the
curb.
And I kind of like skid off the fucking cement.
I got burns on my face,
my chest, my peckercker my buddy keeps running he's
like and uh i look up and a cop fucking takes off after him a cop grabs me kind of cuffs me
i'm standing there in front of the crowd right in front of rumors but everybody's coming out
buck naked uh with the cuffs on and the other cop billy stick my buddy took him down brought him in
and the cop we knew was like dolls what the fuck are you doing he's like i'll take care of these
guys so he throws us in the back of the cruiser he gives us this speech he's like he dropped my
buddy off he's like dolls he's like what's going on like you got a career here like what are you
doing i said we got fucking dared. We're hammered.
So he drives me home.
He's like, what are your parents?
He's like, I was staying at my parents' house.
So I go in.
My parents were just shaking their head.
My brother comes out with a fucking trench coat.
He's like, you look like a fucking pedophile that threw me this trench coat.
I sleep on my parents' couch.
I end up waking in the morning pissed on their couch. So I had to fucking my next paycheck out of my own.
Oh, my God. So I i'm like fucking orby i was like where is this fucking guy i haven't heard from
he had the car had our clothes um i call him the next day i'm like orby what the fuck happened to
you he goes dude i said i waited down there for half an hour so i figured you guys got arrested
so i fucking went to the casino try to fucking make some bail money for you fucking guys and fucking yeah and fucking so that that's just his that's his fucking personality
he's just a wild man just fucking but he's got this girl and she's uh she was a look at chicklets
cup oh my god i'd suck a fart out of her asshole when she walked by i could see the eyes i was
like oh fuck he loves it, though.
I'd suck a fart right out of her hooves.
I'd eat the corn out of her shit.
That's how she was.
Hope you had some of that off-brand Russian Viagra if you were buck naked in front of a club like that.
Huge bow.
All right, that was it, boys.
That was the...
Unreal, buddy.
Thank you so much.
How about getting rug burn on your cock, though?
That's awful.
I still got face, chest, belly, cock chest belly cock it was just that's why you
keep the forsyth folks you never know when you're gonna go streaking with it tore off for sure
calamari outside of rumors nightclub yeah dolls this is awesome buddy congrats on a hell of a
career um you know good luck in texas man keep doing your thing down there
and best of luck to your wife with her health as well thank you i appreciate it and i appreciate
you guys having me on um you didn't have to do that and then we talked about it for a little
while and and it was great seeing you guys at the chicklets cup and and we look forward to it next
year the guys like i said are are talking about it they're already talking about it so wit thank you biz anytime hey i got one last request yeah can i still get a job in the khl absolutely if you're
coaching over there i could be a seventh d man you want to play still fucking it i would be
17 i want to suck back that gas play fuck yeah we'll get the gas absolutely hey and if you can't
get me over there at least bring the gas back for the big deal selects
for next year's Chicklets Cup because we're going to need it.
I'll work on it.
I'll get my neighbor to rig something up.
All right.
You're the best, Dolls.
Thank you so much.
All right, boys.
You have a good night.
You too, pal.
All right.
Before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends over at Zinn.
We're all looking for a change in routine, whether it's hitting a new machine at the gym or listening to some new music.
So if you're looking to move away from the hassle of traditional tobacco,
Zinn nicotine pouches are a simple way to introduce that change in your everyday life.
And get this, they are America's number one nicotine pouch, only the best for our listeners.
And Zinn comes in 10 varieties like Spamming, Coffee, and Wintergreen.
So you guys have your pick when it comes time to throw in 3mg, 6mg of that satisfaction
packed pouch.
Now let me tell you, these pouches deliver that pure nicotine satisfaction no matter
what strength or variety you choose.
Zinn Nicotine Pouches are smoke-free, spit-free, and hands-free.
That works to your advantage on or off the ice.
And if you're curious about what a premium nicotine experience looks like, check out the Zinn 10 Challenge, a 10-day risk-free trial.
Head over to your nearest convenience store or order online at Zinn.com.
Warning, this product contains nicotine.
Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
Thank you so much to Kevin Dahlman.
What a career he had overseas.
I remember, as I said, playing against him, just dominant.
And that's some big-time Russian gas info.
That's kind of the most in-depth gas description we've had so far.
Quickly, before we get to Jumbo Joe and his retirement, our poll, are you okay with the
NHL getting rid of offsides review? 54 say yes, 46 say no. That's 10,000 votes. So a lot closer
than we thought. And for all of the comments, and I guess i could be yelled at as well by myself here in
terms of kind of trying to blow it down right away and and you have like a certain amount of
seconds to blow it down and challenge it and maybe give a delay a game if the coach is wrong
biz already mentioned as the example of like let's say the puck goes underneath the crossbar and it's
a goal yeah they don't play it out to the whistle goes. They put the red light on and say, hey, it was a goal.
Line up.
Let's not waste each other's time here.
The problem is that that is a goal.
So you're going back and you're stopping the game where it should have been stopped.
It was a goal.
This time, if you're trying to challenge it and stop the game, you have no idea if it's
going to get out of the zone and go back down the other way and the other team scores.
So you're stopping the game for a goal in the one instance,
when it hits the inside bar,
nobody knows you're stopping the game for something that didn't even exist if
it wasn't offside.
So I I'm,
I'm in an absolute blender right now in my mind.
All I know is I hate going back and I hate all the reviews,
but I don't have an answer.
So,
cause,
cause if, keep in mind if the play is slightly
offside and they're looking at it upstairs or in toronto they're not going to blow it down because
even if it's a 45 second sustained offensive zone shift if that puck gets turned over and it goes
to the other end and they score on the other end that nobody knows that offside ever took place
because who gives a fuck the play is continuing right so i think we've talked about the offsides enough absolutely wit is there any uh cadillac margarita in that blend
you're talking about over there what no no i'm just i'm in a blender i'm in a blender bud
well you know who's enjoying a couple margaritas right now is our boy jumbo joe congrats jumbo
joe thornton officially announced his retirement gee, play some of that audio for the crowd.
Hey, judging how many people keep asking me,
I guess I have to tell you I'm officially retiring from the NHL.
Thought you guys would have figured it out sooner, but you kept asking.
So here I am retiring.
I have so much love for the game of hockey and for countless
number of people that helped this kid's dream become a reality. And if you're looking for me,
you know where to find me. I'll be at the rink. Peace and love. I mean, just a classic. We knew
he was probably done a year ago, but he just does that video. Good stuff. first overall pick back in 1997 24 NHL seasons with Boston San Jose
Toronto and Florida 1901 regular season and playoff games of course the 2006 hot and Ross
trophies becoming the only player that was traded during the season went on to win MVP
he last played 21-22 also had three different stints with Davos over in Switzerland during
his career so I mean what more can you add about Jumbo Joe Thornton here, Whit? I just look back and I think that
this guy deserved a Stanley Cup maybe as much as anyone ever. And Biz and I were talking about it.
And that's unfair to say is the first thing I think, right? But it's more a compliment to him,
like the way he played, a a mean angry bastard on the ice willing
to fight anyone what a setup man I mean this guy's set of hands and his vision some of the the the
assists he had on the highlight reel of his career no look backhand dishes protecting the puck as
well as anyone ever a monster body that just took time to develop talk about not Russian players
what they did to him in Boston those first few years was very smart I guess in terms of Harry a monster body that just took time to develop. Talk about not rushing players.
What they did to him in Boston those first few years was very smart, I guess,
in terms of Harry Sinden, knowing that the sky was the limit for him.
But why rush him in?
Let him find his feet, find his way around the league.
And then he went on to be one of the most dominant power forwards I've ever seen.
And playing against him the year we were the eighth seed in Anaheim, we upset them. They were the one seed. He fought Getzlaff. He was a man possessed. And we got the best out of him. Or I say Pronger, Niedermeyer, Getzlaff, Solani got the best of him. I didn't
do anything. But he was so difficult to play against because of his size. And a lot of guys
with size, they don't have the soft mitts. They don't have the vision. And so him coming up the
ice with his head up at all times, he was just as good on his backhand as he was on his forehand and his
ability to create space for his teammates was the best part like you'd have to have two guys go to
him at a certain time because he'd beat the first guy in the corner and then it left someone wide
open I mean look what he did to Jonathan Chichu look at the look at the years Jonathan Chichu had
playing with him as his setup man and heater and just all these guys that he just put it right on a tee for him,
always in the perfect spot. And for me, it was like defensively and physical and fighting. It
was like, that's what made him this true all around superstar. And what a career. And I just,
I wish he got a cup because there's two guys in my mind that I believe should have got a cup.
Biz, I know you told me Joe's your number one, right?
Well, I said if  this is how I feel about the guy.
I said if I had one coin that allowed a person, you said,
who never won a Stanley Cup in the NHL and said you get to have won one
based on their career and the person and all things included,
he was from my era too.
I would give it to Joe Thornton.
That would be my guy.
Now, did you have any  what would be your pick? My guy that would kind of fight that 50-50 is Iggy,
the way Iggy played and Jerome McGinley
and just the same type of mean, menacing attitude on the ice
with the skill to go with it.
And they got gold medals.
I'm glad they got the gold medals, but the cup is, it was one thing both of those guys deserved. And they both
were there. They both made a final and they were this close, which probably makes it even a little
more difficult. But Jumbo also, like I went to BU, I was a freshman and he was still in the Bruins
and he'd be at dad's diner, just a big, good-looking superstar with a long flow.
Everyone loved him.
And he was a great guy.
He would take care of anyone.
I think that's the biggest thing about Joe Thornton is besides him loving the guys,
loving the locker room, and just wanting to be at the rink,
he was somebody that teammates just spoke so highly of because he made them feel so welcome.
So to be a superstar and a veteran as his career went along
and looking out for rookies and just always cracking a joke and being in a great mood around
the room he's an all-time nhl player and a first ballot hall of famer summarize perfectly and i i
yeah i don't i don't know him that well to speak on him but everything you hear about him is exactly
the way that wit just described and fuck i wish i was closer with him because that guy's the biggest beauty going too that's why he's he's on the
white whale list i mean he's on the top three we want so hopefully we're able to sit down with him
at some point and and get the maybe get a couple pink imagine doing uh imagine doing a tarps off
interview with him just all of us just tarps off uh uh biz i'm sick today i can't make that decision you get on a little workout regimen for yeah yeah it's my contract i'm not taking my top
i want to see your uh your ski slope tits just like those lady movies hey hand or hand
there's one of my favorite memories of joe it was actually off the ice it was you know that
first year when pat burns was was sitting them and you know they weren't putting them out to
the fire right away and uh it was january 1st I want to say 1998 and the Bruins
were playing Ottawa that day and he was a healthy scratch that day and he's a you know 18 year old
kid and I'm what fuck I'm close to 30 if not 30 already and uh my buddy Rizzo who worked bowl
game he's like oh look who's over there Thorne and he grabbed the puck for me and uh one of the
shoppies with the silver right and and I was like, I was like, probably shaking.
I was like, Hey, Joe, can I buy you for an autograph?
He was like, Oh, absolutely.
He was like Spicoli, dude.
Just like happy, joyous guy.
Signed my stub, signed the puck.
And it's like the only puck I have on the glass in my bedroom.
No shit.
You got it still.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I, it's, you know, I'm not, like I said, I'm not a huge autograph guy,
but that one's been under like the, one of those cases for a long time.
I mean, it's jumbo Joe, man. So that was a been under one of those cases for a long time. I mean, it's Jumbo Joe, man.
So that was a cool memory.
R.A., as a Bees fan, I mean, they had already drafted Bergeron and Krejci when they dealt his ass.
Imagine?
Yeah.
And who knows if Krejci's still there, right?
Like at some point you might have moved him.
But just the thought of the Bruins' future if they had never traded him.
You got to think that they get more than one. They'd be as strong as the Kings of the Bruins' future if they had never traded him. Oh, my God. You got to think that they get more than one.
They'd be as strong as the Kings up the middle.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a great debate, I guess.
Would they not have Chara and Savard?
Exactly.
Because I think the conventional wisdom is, well, that opened up money for Savard and Chara.
And I remember I was in Toronto that day.
It was July 1st, 2006.
And I thought I was getting punked at some bar in Toronto. I happened to be in Toronto that day. It was July 1st, 2006. And I thought I was getting like punked at some bar in Toronto.
I happened to be in Toronto with my wife on a trip.
And I called my buddy back home.
Like, did the Bruins just give Jara seven, what was it?
Five times seven and a half and Savad four times five?
Like, because they never paid anybody.
It was like we were flabbergasted.
So, yeah, I don't know that it would have played out that same way.
I know Michael Cardinal doesn't think it would have.
But, you know, it's just one of those things.
It sucked to get rid of him.
They got stiffed on the trade,
but, you know, a few years later,
they got the cup,
and yeah, I really wish Joe would have got one.
He's just, you know, one of the most beloved guys
in the last, what, 25 years of the game,
but, you know, it didn't happen,
but Hall of Fame, no doubt.
And it just so aligns that Dahlman,
a guy that, you know, we didn't even know
that that was going to come up.
I think, well, RA, you ask every guy who played for the Bruins.
He just happened to be there when he got traded.
And to hear the dialogue in the locker room,
like that was some pretty wild insight behind the scenes of that whole ordeal.
What was  oh, so the  I don't really know many Joe Thornton stories,
but the one that came up was when Todd McClellan was coaching the Sharks.
And, you know, he would  you know when coaches always do the video sessions and they play back,
maybe sometimes when you're not playing great, not putting the puck in the back of the net.
And I guess Thornton had like a wide open net and then he tried to thread the needle to another guy
so he could score. And then he like paused it and he's like, Joe, he's like, you got to shoot that.
And, but he would do that. Like he'd done it often where he'd stop it. He'd say, Joe,
you got to shoot that.
And then Joe would just say, no, I'm a pastor.
No, every time he said it.
Oh yeah.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
I'm a pastor.
Just right back in the meeting where most guys, it's like whatever your coach is saying,
you shut the fuck up, put your tail between your legs and you do.
Nope.
I'm a pastor.
And you mentioned it with one of the greatest playmakers to ever go down in our game
and enjoy retirement, big fella.
He's got a spirit like a young kid.
So I hope at some point maybe he dabbles on the media side.
I feel like we haven't seen the end of Joe Thornton,
whether it's management or I think it would be really cool if a guy like that,
especially with his stature and credibility as a player,
joined a panel or some form of media outlet.
I mean, 18 to 41 or whatever, he can't leave the game.
This is what he knows, and he loves being around the game.
That's so clear.
Yeah, he's going to be doing something with a team or something in media.
I think he's more likely to be front office.
I think he's more likely to do a Manning cast, a simulcast,
tarps off simulcast watching games on a national network.
I think he could dabble into media.
That's how entertaining he is.
Maybe he wants to coach so he can just still be on the road
and around the guys, though.
But coaches, you can't hang with the boys,
so that might be tough almost.
But he has to stay in the game.
Let's put it that way.
Joe, we're here whenever you're ready, buddy.
One of our white wheels.
Love to get him on here.
All right, before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at Labatt Blue.
Sadly, summer has come to an end.
But that doesn't mean the Labatt Blue light should stop flowing.
Whether you're on the golf course, at Beer League, or watching some football,
you can't find a better beer than a fresh Labatt Blue Light.
Lots of things are better together.
Hockey, food, golf.
But if you really want to take things to the next level,
drink some Labatt Blue Lights with your friends and live life to the power of we.
I can't stop thinking about our time at the chicklets cop man labatt blue lights flowing all weekend
the beautiful labatt silo blue lights all over the place right by the river but remember take a page
out of the old labatt blue light book and enjoy your beers together so you can live life to the power of we. You can find Labatt at labattusa.com slash finder.
Not the only retirement since our last episode.
Zach Cassian retired as well.
12 NHL seasons with Buffalo, Vancouver, Edmondson, and Arizona.
He went 13th overall back in 2009.
706 regular season and playoff games.
Did either of you guys play with him at all during your career?
No, we had him in Arizona these last couple years
and got to spend a little time with him.
Just congrats on a heck of a career.
He was a great player and junior, came into the league as a high draft pick,
had some troubles early on, but figured things out
and ended up having a great career and making some good dough.
I would say his
best years were spent in edmonton yeah and that fan base loves him he had some big offensive years
yep and and carried over that offensive play that he that he showed in junior so overall man heck
of a career i wish it would have lasted a little bit longer for him but uh hey man that's uh some
some good time in the league absolutely and one more This is a name a lot of folks might not have heard for a while.
Thomas Poltanek, Montreal Canadian for a very long time.
He retired as well.
He hasn't played the NHL since the 2018-19 season,
but he played 1,095 regular season and playoff games in the NHL,
most with Montreal, a couple with Toronto.
He's been in with Cladno over in the Czech Republic.
I know they don't like when you say Czech Republic.
Yeah, fuck, they say they don't like it.
So Czech Republic, I'll say.
Either way, he's all done.
I mean, he was a great player back in the day.
Yeah, he was.
Super skilled.
Undersized before you saw a lot of smaller guys playing in the NHL.
He basically pissed everyone off so much.
He wasn't a dirty player or anything, but he was always there picking your pocket.
He was always there.
He's always in the way defensively.
And then he could make some big-time plays.
I mean, those couple runs the Canadians had, the year that they upset Washington, I think,
when Washington won the President's Trophy, was that their year?
He was just a big-time player.
And it seemed like the more important the games, the better he played.
So just a super skilled forward that was great on both sides of the puck.
And I just remember playing against him knowing he had to know where he was in the ice.
He's the guy that's picking off passes.
He's the guy that's getting behind you on the offensive side.
And all of a sudden he's got to break away.
So he was a great player with a hell of a run.
I mean, I didn't even realize he played that many games, but I should have with how long he was around.
All right, everybody, we're going to wind up the show here in a couple of minutes.
And, you know, obviously it was a horrific weekend for the hockey community.
And, you know, we always debate when awful tragedies happen.
Should we talk about it off the hop?
Should we do it later?
You know, people come here for an escape to have fun.
And, you know, we decided we were going to put it on the end
because it didn't feel right to talk about it at the front and then try to do a show after.
I don't think the listeners were liking it.
It wasn't really what we wanted to do.
So obviously we're talking about Adam Johnson, Nottingham Panthers over the English League.
Just a horrific accident.
He got a skate blade to his neck, and he died shortly after.
They took him to hospital, and he didn't survive.
And it's just horrific.
This is a nightmare thing for any friend, family, whatever,
people who cover the game.
And you just run out of words, Paul.
I just feel like I got to throw it to one of you guys.
You just don't know the proper words to say in a situation like this
because everyone's just hurt, man. It's just like, I saw the news official at five in the morning,
and I sat in my fucking recliner and cried like a baby, if my wife come out, she would have thought
I had a midlife crisis, I was just, it was so fucking upsetting that this guy's out there
playing a game, and you know, yeah, I think it was a freak accident, I know the internet's being
the fucking internet, but I, you know, I i love hockey players i love the guys who play this game i i can't imagine that there would be any
sort of fucking uh malicious factor to this but it's heartbreaking and because let me go to you
first man it's just it's just i mean all right well first of all great job it's a very very
difficult thing to talk about and you're not alone like i was on my my hike yesterday just
thinking about like you know what we're going to say about this and're not alone. Like I was on my, my hike yesterday, just thinking about like, you know, what we're
going to say about this.
And, um, I would probably say that the most gruesome thing I've ever seen happen on a
knife surface.
Um, I just, I can't imagine what, what his family's going through right now.
And, um, just in an insane event and, uh, just a traumatic experience for everybody involved,
like the fans that were there, the players on both teams,
like anybody involved in this situation.
This is just horrible.
It sparks the conversation of, you know,
what are we going to do moving forward in order to prevent against this?
And, you know, sometimes people forget, like, hockey is played so fast.
These guys at some points are traveling, what, 30, 35 miles an hour out there,
and they're playing with blades on the bottom of their feet.
And you've seen it happen before in instances where, you know,
guys have ended up being saved when something drastic like this has happened.
And if you have seen the video, and like I said, it's horrific, it just, it's
such an impactful moment.
And with the way that the, the skate hits him and they were unable to, to, to save his
life.
And, uh, it's, it's horrible for, for the, for the hockey community.
You know, you think you look at, you think of think of the past of days where something happened
in the hockey community that you'll never forget,
whether it's the locomotive plane crash or the Humboldt-Bronco crash.
This is one of those moments where I'll never forget where I was
when I found out and then saw what happened.
And Witt, the way that he was described he was such a
humble kid and a kid who always wanted to to put the work in order to be the best at what he did
and it's obvious that he did that where he worked all the way up the ranks to end up playing games
for the pittsburgh penguins and you know some of the time at the end of your career and after that
you know he went back down to the minors and then he played overseas, I believe in the DEL before this year where he went to the EIHL, which is the English League.
And you think about guys at the start of their career and they work towards the NHL and on the back half, they kind of want to ride into the sunset and there to be some form of transition before they end up hanging them up.
to be some form of transition before they end up hanging him up.
And, you know, they sometimes go to these types of leagues and, you know,
he went over there to enjoy himself and continue to play the game that he loves and he did so and never in a million years did him or his family expect
something like this to happen.
And it's just so fucking tragic for a kid this young to lose his life to
something that happened,
playing the game that he loves, Witt.
And that's just where it really hits you and how quickly it happened.
Yeah, it's been really difficult to just read and see the pictures of him.
And, you know, Mike Russo did an amazing job in the athletic.
If you can check it out he
interviewed a lot of his former teammates kid from Hibbing Minnesota went to University Minnesota
Duluth he tells a story in there when he was playing high school hockey his team's down 4-1
he goes out gets a natural hat trick in the playoffs an amazing skater right this kid was
so fast and and everyone just talked about how
much they loved him as a, as a guy. I, I saw a former teammate of mine, Garrett Wilson, a great,
a great dude. And he put up a post with him, said, we're going to miss you, uh, gone way too soon.
And I just asked him, you know, what was he like? And he said, he was the best guy. He said,
everyone loved being around him. He was quiet quiet but he just dropped these one-liners
i guess he you know he had this dry sense of humor and just cheered everyone up and then
to see what happened and and and i can't imagine um what his family's going through i think i think
he was recently engaged you're just so heartbroken you're just so sad thinking of his family like
getting this news like he's 4 000 miles away miles away and no one ever thinks this would happen.
And I mean, we had close to two years ago, the kid, Teddy Balkan, the same thing happened.
And he was playing at Brunswick school.
And it's like at some point you got to talk about like neck guards.
And I'm looking at a picture of Ryder and Wyatt here.
And I ordered a shirt
with a neck guard right when this happened. It's just so traumatic and such a tragedy to have this
happen and maybe have people start talking about like, I don't care how bad you think you look or
how dumb you think your gear wear is. We're talking about life and death and like what other sport are you seeing people dying in and this this poor kid and and my only thing that i that i've tried to think and is is at least
he died doing what he loves you know but it's not it's not fair because as biz said like he's over
there and he's finishing on his career and he's looking forward to the rest of his life and
i i can't not say that
that that was a reckless play like that kid did not mean to do that it was a reckless play and
and when you're playing on you're playing on knives you're skating around on these knives
and the game is so fast that you just you see it you'll just never forget it as as you mentioned
biz but to be able to to read the stories that russo had from former teammates and to be able
to talk to a former teammate
and kind of hear what type of guy he was,
it just makes you that much more heartbroken.
And you just think of his family and his friends
and what he meant to all these people and him getting out.
And, you know, that clip's gone online.
And I can't watch those things,
but I had to see what happened after all this discussion.
I can't watch those things, but I had to see what happened after all this discussion.
And I'd just rather see the first NHL goal in Minnesota in his home state for the Penguins or the overtime winner to send Minnesota Duluth to the Final Four against BU.
And it's just life is not fair.
And we've talked a lot about just kind of appreciating what you have every day.
Like you never know what's coming next.
And to get this news and see what happened, it was absolutely heartbreaking.
But I would like to see, you know, net guards.
Net guards aren't even mandatory in USA hockey.
They are in Canada.
They are in Sweden.
Like that should be something they look into.
If you can prevent something, if you can prevent this,
maybe that's a positive that comes out of this horrible tragedy.
His family doesn't want to hear that, I'm sure, but it's just looking forward.
It's just, what do you say about something like this?
I think it's probably something that should be grandfathered in.
And even going back to when Carlson got cut on the back in his Achilles, like I started wearing Kevlar socks.
And then you go back to last year when Evander Kane ended up getting
skating over,
skated over on his arm.
And,
you know,
I know that they do have the,
the,
the Kevlar wristbands or,
but at a certain point you have to look to evolve.
And,
and I don't know if there's something that they can figure out in order to
make like a,
like a turtleneck type thing. That is TJ Oshie's company. Warroad makes them. And I don't know if there's something that they can figure out in order to make like a like a turtleneck type thing that is.
So TJ Oshie's company, War Road, makes them.
And I actually they're sold out.
And I bought one from Bauer through Pure Hockey.
And it is it's an undershirt with the Kevlar protection in the neck.
And I think a lot of thing is going back.
Guys, I don't want to wear that.
I don't wear that.
It's like, well, at some point, maybe the league has to make a decision for people.
And I hate sounding like somebody forcing an adult what to do, but
it's possibly preventable. And Biz, my thing is like going back to Carlson and it happened to
Clutterbuck and it happened to Kane and Jason Dickinson got one in the neck. Look what happened
to Lauko. How lucky was Lauko on the Bruins? And the speed of the game, this game is so fast now
that this is happening more and more. This didn't used to happen this often. And I think the speed of the game this game is so fast now that this is happening more and more this didn't used to happen this often and i think the speed has really changed and how guys are driving the
net and it's just it's just a tragedy that maybe could be preventable and who knows right if it
happens in the right spot fuck man like but at least if you have something to to give yourself
a chance yeah and they and and in some cases the cuts through the kevlar
and you see examples of it with the with the socks but it's more of like to to try to slow down and
and decelerate the the laceration and uh i think that i would assume after what's happened that
that more of it is looked into and i wouldn't be shocked if if this is something that ends up being
grandfathered
in and you know I was I tend to view myself as I guess more of an old school guy where you know I
wasn't even crazy about when they said that the visors were going to come into play and I it
eventually eventually was something that was going to be grandfathered so it wasn't going to something
that affected me at the NHL level it ended up in in the minors, but you just have to, at a certain point,
evolve. And after seeing that video, I couldn't imagine if you've seen it, how you would go
against the fact to implement neck guards at a lower level to end up grandfathering it. I just
simply can't. And as hardheaded as I am about certain issues and certain things sometimes, I would definitely recommend that players consider doing it.
So I don't
But, yeah, I mean, just seeing that, like, I don't know if I could play the game of hockey
if I was in the game and saw that.
Like, I just can't imagine what teammates and the opponents
and the fans in that building.
It's just a true tragedy.
And we're thinking of Adam Johnson.
We're thinking of his family.
And like I said, he was doing something he loves.
If you're looking for a positive out of something this horrible,
he was playing the game he loves and gone way too soon.
Yeah, obviously his family, friends, and teammates.
And I guess one thing I want to add is, you know,
we know how poisonous and toxic online can be.
And, you know, we don't know if this  Matt Petgrave,
I don't think he had ill intention.
I think people  like we do when we watch a hit.
We kind of frame by frame it.
And we always make the point and say, hey, this is slow speed.
I think people are maybe drawing some wrong
conclusions perhaps like watching a one or two second clip well i just said something i just i
i just said something it was i it was a little reckless and that did not mean to fucking do that
jesus christ but like it was a little reckless and i don't think it's fair for me to sit up here
and give my honest opinion and say otherwise but all right what you're talking about the stuff online that's fucking toxic
and people that have made this somehow political for clicks and views go fucking rotten hell
yeah it's just exactly that's what i was alluding to it's just people exploiting this i mean a young
guy is is dead a lot of people are traumatized, people in the arena, his teammates,
everyone around there, and people are exploiting this for their own clicks
or whatever.
And, you know, just my original point is that, you know,
we've talked about it before, hits for the last seven years.
When you slow them down, you do it frame by frame,
it tends to look worse or there looks to be intention where there isn't.
I think if you just kind of go back and watch the whole thing,
it happens in a blink I can't I can't imagine and again maybe it's just my level of this sport and the players in it that I have a hard time thinking that a guy would
intentionally do that and the video is blurry it's not the best video to draw conclusions but
you know just don't be fucking assholes about it I mean you know people are just being shitheads
about it and like you said with it's they are just being shitheads about it.
And like you said, they're glomming on to these things and making a cause for the wrong reason.
So we're just we're broken.
We're gutted.
It's just a sad thing.
And I guess, like I said, we'll end with, again, sending our condolences to Adam's family, friends and teammates.
And unfortunately, Adam wasn't the only terrible news this weekend.
And, you know, people might think this might sound superficial,
but Matthew Perry, man, started one of the biggest shows of all time.
Friends, I know I grew up with it.
Some of you guys might have saw the reruns.
And I was at the Bruins game the other night,
and my buddy showed me his phone and looked at it.
It was just one of those, like, what?
You know, he's had his issues and substance abuse and whatever,
but it's just like a punch to the gut when you hear a guy like that,
that young and that talented and had his troubles.
It just sucks, man.
It just sucks to lose someone that young.
And also, Lewis and Maine, I mean, where New England is, where G.
The fact that this fucking foolishness happens all the fucking time in this
country, I'm sick of fucking hearing cities and towns were fucking strong at the end of it you know what I mean like this strong that's wrong because
fucking some asshole fucking blows people away because he's fucking whatever his fucking issue
is and these you know the fucking no reason that a fucking guy should have a fucking whatever you
want to call it fucking machine gun this that look at the fucking thing was designed to kill
people in war fucking 30 years ago civilians Civilians should not have the thing.
I don't give a fuck.
I'm pro fucking gun ownership.
My mother carries.
Nobody needs fucking machine guns.
And this fucking happens over and over and fucking over again.
And the fucking ship sailed in Connecticut when all those kids died.
And this country did not a fucking thing.
They crossed the Rubicon then.
I'm fucking frustrated.
I hate it that we do this all the time.
People need to clean it up.
I don't know what the fucking solution is, but our government is fucking fearless.
I'm sorry.
I get emotional about it, but this shit should not keep fucking happening in this country.
Sorry, boys.
No, I mean, well said, brother.
That's well said.
And RA, I think the main message is, yeah, treat each other well.
Be kind.
World's hard enough as it is without
having support from friends and strangers so everyone have a good week count your blessings
hug your loved ones and um have a great week we'll see you next week you
