Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by DraftKings.
Grinnelly, what's up, buddy? Finally here. NHL season kicked off Wednesday night.
What a start we had. Connor McDavid put up a hat trick.
Wayne Train Simmons did as well. Austin Matthews got on the board.
Did you play a little fantasy, Mikey, or what?
Of course I did.
That Wayne Simmons, tons of low value there.
Absolutely, man.
And you can be a part of all this action all season long with the one-day fantasy hockey at DraftKings.com.
DraftKings is the leader in daily fantasy sports.
And they're celebrating the return of the great game of hockey by giving you a shot to win cash prizes tonight.
With DraftKings, there are many ways to play.
Choose between public contests with big cash prizes or private contests
where you face off with a group of your friends.
DraftKings also has beginner and casual contests if you're a little new to the sport
where you play against people of similar skill level
so you're not getting dummied out there like some pigeon from the fourth line.
All you have to do is pick your team, start racking up points for goals,
assists, shots, and more.
The best part, you get to draft a new team every day without any commitment.
There's no better way to put your hockey knowledge to the test
than with DraftKings.
This week, Mikey, I know there's three games Friday night, Saturday night.
There's 15 games.
Tons of value out there, tons of points.
Who are you looking at?
Who do you like for the outrush this year? Who's a guy
people should be putting in their lineup frequently?
Love John Tavares.
Like John Tavares a lot.
He's a good man. Obviously, McDavid's
the number one pick, but he probably takes
a nice chunk out of your budget. But either
way, guys, hockey and guys and gals,
hockey is back. That means
Daily Fantasy is back with DraftKings.
Get all your action in. So hurry to D draftkings.com now and use the promo code chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s to play free with
your first deposit for your share of five thousand dollars in total prizes that's promo code chicklets
to play for free with your first deposit only get draft kings the game inside the game minimum
five dollar deposit required eligibility restrictions apply see draftkings. The game inside the game. Minimum 5 deposit required. Eligibility restrictions apply.
See DraftKings.com for details.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 47 of Spittin' Checklets.
Brought to you by Barstool Sports.
47, wow, I say that every time.
Department of Player Safety hire Ryan Whitney.
Ray Whitney, Ray Whitney.
I wish I had Ray Whitney's career.
That guy's a legend.
Yeah, he's, actually no, Ryan Whitney didn't get hired by the NHL.
Do you think people ever call him Ryan?
Probably. I'm sure they probably
get confused. A lot more people call me Ray than they call him
Ryan. You call me Ray. You call
me Jay. Producer Mikey Grinelli.
Hello, gentlemen. What's going on?
Maybe there's some ladies.
A couple ladies. A couple ladies out there. Dude,
fucking NHL started Wednesday night.
What a fucking unbelievable start to the season
now. We had Connor McDavid.
Unbelievable highlight goal already.
It was great.
We basically got exactly what we kind of hoped for.
Everyone misses hockey.
You're like, oh, fuck.
It's funny.
Even July, August, I don't miss hockey at all.
We cover it all year, but I'm'm like i don't need any hockey right now
and then september it starts you know creeping in and then by like last night and i'm sorry you
know this is friday now by by wednesday you're like i'm pumped up like i'm ready like i miss
watching hockey and then this this season's so exciting with all the young players we've talked
about how many teams are good and have a chance to win things like that and and it was just the perfect opening night to see you know Crosby get to go McDavid get to hat trick
Wayne train get to hat trick it's like Matthews gets three points he's got seven points in his
first two season opening games um it was just the perfect night for hockey and then there's plenty
more to come the rest of this week you know we talk about all these other guys and all the
storyline so it's great and our uh good buddy of the program jack eichel just got paid yeah i remember we
remember when we interviewed him yeah david signed like that morning and he came over here at 12 30
looking all fresh brand new haircut and i'm like dude congrats i mean you just you're not you're
probably not gonna get that but you're gonna get that, but you're going to get a little less. You're rich as shit. He was like, thanks, man.
Yeah, yeah, Jack.
80 sheets, and he will be, I believe, 28 at the end of the contract.
He's going to sign another one for 130.
If you're listening, Jack, you're buying the Dunkin' Donuts next summer
when we have our interview series again back on the couch here.
Dude, he's probably going to be just drinking Red Bull and stuff.
I can't believe that. I mean, the Sabres, good for them that they got him signed, because you're wondering, we were. Dude, he's probably going to be just drinking Red Bull and stuff. I can't believe that.
I mean, the Sabres, good for them that they got him signed
because you're wondering.
We were all saying, what's going on here?
Why don't they lock this guy up?
But obviously what they said was true in that he's not going anywhere.
He's going to have a long-term deal.
They were just waiting, probably figuring out money.
But, yeah, I mean, this is just an exciting time of the year
because of all the storylines.
Like I just said prior, there's so many teams that could win it this year yeah pittsburgh's your favorite but winning three
in a row like tough that's gonna be really i mean that's gonna be really really hard it's it's it's
such a grind to win two in a row i i said last week i didn't think would happen again but it's
funny i wrote down a couple things uh um they're back type things and with nhl hockey being back
you go you got these things coming back.
The first one being early in the season, we got the,
the old,
um,
he's on pace for 396.
Oh my fucking God.
Always like those.
If you actually press send on that,
you have a sick fucking,
well,
you know how to plus times 82.
And I saw a bunch of those.
The other one was the,
uh,
we're back to seeing when,
when the,
a goal gets scored against last night,
I saw Blake Wheeler skate right by a guy,
and James Van Riemsdijk scored.
I said last night again, whatever, Wednesday night.
And they immediately go
to Paul Maurice on the Winnipeg bench, and he
just looks fucking pissed off, and then
every other coach, he takes the
white lineup card out of his pocket. What are they
doing with that? I've always wondered. I don't know what coaches,
I mean, are they circling whose
fault they thought the goal was? I've always wondered. You see the coach pull it out, mean, are they circling whose fault they thought the goal was? I've always
wondered. You see the coach pull it out. What's he doing?
Checking his lines? Yeah, exactly.
Do you have one more you want to add?
No, one more. Quickly, I just
thought I kind of had vicious
flashbacks. Seeing the
McDavid goal, the second one, where he was going
fucking 35 miles an hour.
Kilometers. Kilometers, same thing.
He,
I thought of a drill
and if you've ever played the game,
were you a defenseman, Grinnelly?
I was.
You remember,
you ever do fuck the D drill?
There's a million different
kind of variations of it.
Explain, explain.
Fuck the D, right?
No, no, no.
Luckily not that.
Reverse golf drill.
Especially if you have,
you're a sicko, dude.
So fuck the D is, basically you have any way to do it, but you give a sicko, dude. So, fuck the D is basically you have any way to do it,
but you give a forward tons of speed.
He takes the net with the puck,
and they force the D to go up from a standstill.
The app, you're caught flat-footed.
Yeah, you're caught flat-footed, Joe.
You got to go up, and you got to pivot
as the guy's coming at you full speed.
And there weren't many defensemen who could do it.
I remember Orpik and Scuderi were such good skating defensemen.
They would easily just pivot.
You had to cheat.
Yeah, they wouldn't cheat.
And LeTang can do it too.
There's a bunch of guys.
But I couldn't.
I hated the drill.
I'd have to go pivot.
A guy would blow by me.
I'm like, fuck it.
It's so embarrassing.
Having to do that drill against McDavid.
There isn't a fucking person in the history of the NHL who could go up flat-footed pivot
and skate with him backwards
because he's bowling by D
who are 15 feet ahead of him
that are skating forwards.
They don't even have to pivot.
He's going by him.
So that was my initial thoughts on that goal
and just kind of the nightmares
he must give defensemen in practice for Edmonton.
I wanted to add something to your list of things
that we welcome back.
Now the hockey's here. Obviously we talk add something to your list of things that we welcome back. Obviously,
we talk about the stars and players and all that, but I like the little
quirky things you mentioned. Something else
I noticed that we kind of like,
you forgot about it, but then when they're back, you're like,
oh, those are good to have back. And those are
weapons of mass destruction
behind the coaches' benches. Did you see the
Gunzillas on that lawn behind
Sully last night?
Oh, Marron.
Holy shnikes.
I love that she's just showing them off,
like knowing she's going where she's sitting.
Like, imagine she's like, wait, we're sitting behind the bench on TV?
Like, they got to know, right?
I mean, so good for Sully, man.
Makes the game more interesting.
She could feed the prairies with those bad boys.
I can't imagine, like, the little coach is like,
holy fuck,
right on the side of your mouth,
you see what's behind us tonight?
That's always a fun part of the broadcast.
So how about with
Eddie Olchuk out, Mike Milbury? He's pretty good last
night, I thought. I thought
he'd be kind of brutal, and I thought
he was pretty good. I like Milbury. I know
I'm in the minority with that.
It doesn't seem that easy to be just a color guy. Has he ever done that? It's not. I like Millberry. I know I'm in the minority with that. It doesn't seem that easy
to be just a color guy.
Has he ever done that?
It's not.
It's not easy.
Has he ever done that?
I don't believe he has.
Last night,
it seemed like he'd done it.
Well, he's been doing TV a lot.
Obviously, it's a different role.
I mean, you know,
you're not a big deal.
Way different role.
Exactly.
To know when to step in
and say something.
I thought he was
not subdued.
He wasn't as probably belligerent, I guess, as we're used to him.
And him and Pierre kind of went, I don't say went at it hard.
They were kind of joking, but they were definitely kind of butting heads a little.
I think Milbury's one of those guys.
His reputation definitely precedes him.
I think a lot of people only remember his Islanders stint.
He wasn't a very good GM there.
His coaching stint wasn't great.
But people forget that the guy was a pretty good defenseman here in Boston.
I know he had his detractors here.
I still think a lot of that was because he was one of the first guys with a helmet
and, you know, pussy, here I'm pussy.
I mean, they called you a pussy for wearing a helmet back in the day.
That's hockey tough.
Yeah, exactly, especially here in Boston in the 70s, you can only imagine.
But he was, you know, serviceable NHL defenseman for 12 years,
and he was a fucking damn good Bruins coach when he was here.
He took him to the Cup in, I believe, 88.
And he had a pretty successful run here as a coach.
He left.
Remember, he went to BC for a hiccup and then ended up fucking not staying there.
But go ahead, Grinnell.
There was like 35 coaches.
There was like 35 coaches at BC then.
I remember.
Fuck them.
Yeah.
So I thought, yeah, I thought he did pretty good.
So he's filling in for Edzo,
which obviously we've talked about Edzo.
I forgot the other thing.
I forgot the other thing.
I bought the NHL package.
Let's remind everyone every year, still not in HD.
I know you're DirecTV, so you have them, but Comcast, I don't understand it.
It's 2017, and the games aren't in HD. I don't understand it. It's 2017 and the games aren't in HD.
I don't get it. Is that Center Ice?
Center Ice on Comcast.
You gotta get NHL.TV.
Yeah, but you can't have that on your TV.
I think if you have... Do you have a
streaming app? Do you have Apple TV or Roku?
Yeah, I got Apple TV. Yeah, I think you should
be able to just get the NHL channel
and use that on your Apple TV and then pull up all the games. Yeah, but then I gotta change the source of the TV. I hate I think you should be able to just get the NHL channel used out on your Apple TV and
then pull up all the games. Yeah, but then I've got to change the source
of the TV. I hate doing that, dude.
I hope the HDMI up to my
laptop works for me. Oh, okay.
Well, either way, Comcast should figure it out.
Either way. Well, yeah.
We talked about
Jagger going to Calgary. We're just doing
a little maintenance here. Jagger went to Calgary for
one year. And we'll talk to our boy. Yeah, we're bringing on Mike Commodore, one of our favorite guests. He's going to Calgary. Just doing a little maintenance here. Jager went to Calgary for one year. And we'll talk to our boy.
Yeah, we're bringing on Mike Commodore,
one of our favorite guests.
He's going to come on.
We'll talk a little bit more about that.
Actually, why don't you...
I think he's ready now.
Why don't you bring him in?
All right.
I think he's calling Grinnelli right now.
Let's bring him in.
By the way, call me before we pick up
Huge Beauty.
Huge Beauty.
One of the best guys ever.
He's probably getting in one right now.
So let's bring him in now.
And now we're pleased to bring in my good buddy, Mike Commodore.
We haven't talked to him in a while, but he's a fan favorite here on Spitting Chiclets.
So call me.
What's up, buddy?
How are you?
And first off, where are you?
What's going on, fellas?
Thanks a lot for having me back.
I am doing great.
I'm kind of laying low a little bit in Calgary, Alberta.
I just bought a place up here. I'm kind of transitioning up here little bit in Calgary, Alberta. I just bought a place up here.
I'm kind of transitioning up here a little bit.
Hey, do you get recognized there?
Do you get recognized there a lot still?
You know what?
For somebody who played 18 fucking games here in a regular season
and 20 in the playoffs, but, yeah, I do all the time.
Yeah, well, it's that 20 in the playoffs was fucking huge.
I mean, that
And he had a fucking Muppet top Afro going, too.
I mean, he was the most noticeable player on the team.
He looked like a clown.
Exactly.
And the sea of red, like, he was probably the reddest of the red going.
But actually.
Go ahead.
No, you might not even be the fucking oldest guy in town now that Calgary signed Yags, huh?
I know.
I know.
Well, that's, fuck, I know. Fuck, I guess like,
I guess if you called the office,
like the Flames office,
I go over to the Flames office quite a bit.
They got people in the front office there
that I'm buddies with or whatever.
And I guess like after,
I want to say like on Friday,
Friday or Saturday,
it wasn't like announced that they'd sign him,
but they had signed him or it was done deal.
Like I guess if you called the Flames office,
like they went straight to voicemail, like the merchandise shop.
It went straight to voicemail, and it's like,
hey, this is the Calgary Flames merchandise shop, whatever.
We don't have any Yager jerseys.
I guess they were getting so many calls for jerseys,
they had to fire it on the fucking voicemail.
Dude, Canadians fucking love their jerseys, man.
Love them. This can add another dude to that jersey crew that Jager has.
Have you ever seen those guys?
Yeah, yeah, the traveling Jaguars.
Yeah, are they from Calgary?
That's what I think.
I'm pretty sure they might be from Calgary.
That's what I was wondering.
But either way, they need a new guy now.
Yeah, yeah, they need an extra.
Fuck, maybe i can get
on that squad so i've been like last year i was i was saying this and first off like dude jogger's
a legend he was like the number one guy when i was growing up like when we were both growing up
but now like he stinks now i don't know how he's still playing i don't understand like i mean i
don't know why they're signing we could still get a couple goals but i watched him i'm. I don't understand. I mean, I know why they're signing him. He can still get a couple goals, but I watched him.
I'm like, I don't know.
Like, shut it down.
The league's too fast now.
Yeah.
Honestly, like, I'm not going to fucking sit here and rag on the guy.
That's what I mean.
He's second all time at points.
But honestly, when I heard about the signing, I was like,
and it's kind of been tossed around here for a little while.
Like, you know, I listen to the radio around here and so i'm kind of trying to immerse myself more in what's flames
but i gotta be honest i'm not being negative i hope it works out i don't like it at all
me i really don't like the signing i'm not any of the guys a legend and this this team does
need scoring like there's no doubt but i i don't i. But I hope I'm wrong, but I don't like it.
And for people in Edmonton who are probably right now thinking,
Whitney's such a fucking loser.
He's pissed off because he's a plug.
And because Jagger walked him in overtime that time,
I will openly admit,
he embarrassed me so bad in overtime up in Edmonton when he was on Dallas.
So at that time, he was like 41.
And I got in the locker room after I was steaming.
I look over and Horkoff goes, I know I said it was that bad.
He goes, pretty fucking bad, bud.
I'm going to have to look this up.
I don't think I've seen it.
Oh, you'll love it.
But, you know, he's a legend.
He's an all-time legend.
But right now, it's like just, I don't know.
Well, I'm not going to use any names and throw guys under the bus.
Come on, do it.
The one thing that, and I don't know him.
I would like to, but I'm not going to.
The one thing that I did, and it's not from personal experience.
I don't know Jaromir Jagr.
I've never met him.
Nothing.
I just played against him.
That's it.
But I haven't heard...
He's supposed to be... He's going to be awesome
with the young guys and this and that.
Phantom. Lie.
Honestly, I've heard the
exact opposite.
From guys that
I've never heard...
What the fuck? Who's calling me?
It's too early. Have a little response.
Probably a smoke show.
Somebody. I hope. Hopefully. little respect. Probably a smoke show. Oh, somebody.
I hope, hopefully.
All right, I'll tell you guys about it.
Yeah, no, it hasn't been like, I don't know.
It's not supposed to be great with the young guys.
We'll see.
I just do know that I've talked to friends of mine, and they're like, yeah, he's just painful.
He's on his own page.
So, yeah, I'm sitting here completely carving him, but I don't like the move.
I just really don't.
Yeah, it's, you know, an age when everything, all we hear is youth and speed,
youth and speed, youth and speed.
And, you know, they're bringing in a guy who's literally two months older than me.
Granted, he's in much better fucking shape.
I don't know.
You lost weight since the surgery.
Yeah, easy weight loss.
Just get a poison gallbladder.
You're fucking golden.
I know.
We had some issues.
But it is interesting because, yeah, Calgary's going the opposite way the league is going.
I mean, he's only signed for a million.
I know a million in bonuses.
But I wonder if they kind of sat him down and said, look, you're not going to get 16,
18 minutes a night.
We're going to use you on the power plays.
We're going to use you sporadically.
But he's got an ego, too.
I mean, he is Jager.
He probably doesn't want to take a limited role.
But, I mean but the guy,
he's fantastic within 30 feet of the
net, but let's face it, man.
The name of the game is getting up and down
the ice these days, and he just can't do it
at that level. It's going to be interesting
to see how that plays out. Last night,
did you catch...
I'm sorry, Thursday. Today's
record Thursday. Did you catch Wednesday night's
games, Kwame, opening night? Did I catch Wednesday night's games, Commie, open at night?
Did I catch the game last night with Flames Oilers?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, actually any of the games.
Oh, any of them.
Well, I still can't bring myself to watch the fucking Leafs.
And they're good, Commie.
They're fucking good too, bud.
I know, man.
It makes me sick to my motherfucking stomach they're good
hey i mean they're really good and i think they're gonna be good i think they got a couple years
man i'm looking for anything i want to be here and be like they're for sure gonna take a giant
step backwards but i'm like fuck me i can't even say that with a straight face was um do you
remember your year in the khl um do you remember that zaitsev on on
seska did you ever play uh moscow that year yeah we've i played moscow but to be honest i don't
remember him so my year was i think a year after you were maybe two and he was like i was like this
kid is nasty like i i i pretty much said this kid has no business in this league,
but I still wasn't sure, and then now I watch him.
He's fucking really good.
Yeah, I know.
They got a bunch of  that fucking scumbag Babcock's got just a team full of talent.
Fuck me.
It's going to be another 10-year run of people thinking he's a genius.
You know who?
We just need some Detroit legends to come out and just be like, he did nothing.
We can't stand him.
And people would realize until then, it's going to be all about him.
It really will be.
I know.
I know.
Chelios like put, dipped his toe in the water there and carved him a little bit.
I was so excited.
I sent him a text message.
I'm like, I'm so happy.
But nobody else has.
And I don't think anybody will, or at least not for a while.
Fuck.
Yeah, Toronto does look good, for sure.
I was like, I turned the game, I'm going through the guide, you know, like I have the channel on a different show,
and I'm like, oh, Winnipeg, fucking Toronto.
And I'm like, that should be about the end of the first.
So I clicked it.
I'm like, please be like 5-0 Winnipeg.
5-0 Toronto.
5-0 Toronto.
I'm like, fuck, at the end of the first period.
Oh, my God.
So speaking of Toronto, I hear that you and I will both be doing these FaceTimes into Sportsnet this year.
Are you going to be on that team with me?
Yeah, I think so.
Mitch called me yesterday.
Like the guy from Sportsnet, I'm going to call him back today.
But yeah, is that a go?
Yeah, so Mitch is the main man up there at Sportsnet.
So Call Me and I are going to be doing
some, I think we pretty much kind of pick
a topic, and then we send FaceTimes into
Sportsnet so the Canadian viewers will be able to see that,
but are you interested in getting in that? I think
you'll be really good at something like that, and like
going forward, I know
you're kind of figuring out what you want to do now,
like, do you think media could be it?
Yeah,
I think it's definitely a possibility.
I'm still on the fence whether I'm going to do something hockey-related
or do something out of it.
But now that I'm back up here in Calgary,
I'm definitely going to put the effort in.
I want to watch more.
I want to pay attention more and stuff like that.
So getting involved media-wise a little bit will be good for me.
I'm going to do a couple little things with, like, the Flames, like, post-game.
Yeah.
I think, like, 10 home games a year, just get on Flames TV and just kind of
break the game down or whatever.
Fucking Coach Blu again.
Get on there and bullshit.
So, yeah, maybe something like that.
We just got to just stay honest to the players.
We're players, guys, man.
Besides Yeggs, we just stick up for the players.
It's never their fault.
It's why the coach fucked them, putting them in that position. Yeah. Exactly. players, guys, man. Besides Yags, we just stick up for the players. It's never their fault. Why? The coach fucked them, putting them in that
position. Exactly.
Just carve the fucking coaches.
This is definitely an NHLPA
friendly podcast. Actually,
last night, interesting
I guess scenario, not scenario,
interesting happenings in the Philadelphia game last night.
Kid on San Jose, Kevin LeBanc.
I had never heard of him before.
He did score two goals for San Jose, but did you see what happened to him last night?
No.
He took three minor penalties.
No.
Three minor penalties he took, and on each power play, Philadelphia scored.
So the guy took three penalties and three separate times had to leave the penalty box.
Oh, Jesus.
After the other team scored.
So it kind of offset the two fucking goals he got.
Three skater shames?
Yep.
Oh, that's tough.
Oh, my God.
That's when you come back.
But that's just like, that's what hockey's crazy, or every sport.
That night, if you get some big saves, you're in the penalty box,
nothing happened, and no big deal.
And this time, at least he scored two, though.
He would have been buried if not.
Yeah, it was hilarious.
Three separate times he did a skate of shame.
But how about, did you see Wayne train Simmons last night?
Got three goals to start the year off.
He's good, dude.
Him and McDavid both had hat tricks to kick off the season.
Very, very good.
McDavid's a joke.
Yeah, Simmons is really good.
Do you remember Simmons being tough as shit to play against?
He was a crazy, crazy cat, I remember.
He used to just stare me down and shit.
I'm like, relax, buddy.
You know what? I remember him in
LA when he first started,
and I'm like, yeah, this guy seems pretty good, but he
wasn't like... I mean, he was young, so
I get it, but he wasn't
like... Honestly,
I didn't know he was tough, to be honest. Not that I played
against him a ton or anything, but I remember playing against him
and being like, man, this guy's pretty good, but I'm not sure he's tough, and he didn't know he was tough, to be honest. Not that I played against him a ton or anything, but I remember playing against him and being like, this guy's pretty good, but I'm not sure if he's tough.
And he didn't really play all, at least the games that I was in
or that I watched.
But, yeah, he definitely is now.
He went to Philadelphia and he turned into a Philadelphia Flyer.
That's probably the best way to put it.
I mean, he's really good.
I like him a lot as a player.
He is a great player, and he's under a great contract, too.
I think he's only like 4.5 million a year.
I mean, for a 30-goal score in this day and age with this economy,
that's pretty pisser.
Going back to McDavid, I don't know, did you catch his goal last night
where he pickpocketed Michael Furlan?
That was the one game, yeah, that was the one game I watched the whole game
start to finish.
Now, this kid, and I know today's society and the internet and fucking millennials,
everything's the greatest ever or this is going to be the best ever.
But honestly, when I fucking look at McDavid playing, I'm like, yeah,
this kid might be the fucking best ever to play.
How high is his fucking ceiling, do you think, Commie?
His fucking ceiling.
Oh, man.
I mean, that second goal.
I mean, first off, the whole game, I mean, look,
I thought there was a good chance that the Flames were going to get
piss-pounded by about six goals going into that game last night.
So I thought 3-0 with an empty netter.
I thought, you know what, that's actually not too bad.
Mike Smith played great, which was awesome for Calgary,
because, you know, they've had some goalie kind of, not, well,
sort of issues around here for a few years. So that was great. But I mean, the Oilers had the puck the whole game,
seemed like anyways, watch it on TV. But that second goal of his, like I watched it a couple
times again. I mean, he's just gone one end of the ice to the other, straight down the ice.
And it's not like he's blowing around me, you know, somebody that can't skate. I mean,
he just torched that TJ Brody.
Brody can skate, for Christ's sake.
Yeah.
And it was gone.
See you later.
Not even close.
And then just fucking ram it upstairs.
His ceiling, I mean, I don't know.
I mean, the Oilers had a couple of lean years in there,
but overall they shouldn't bitch or complain because I think when it's all
said and done, they're going to have a couple of the best players
potentially ever. I know it's early in his career, they're going to have a couple of the best players potentially ever.
I know it's early in his career, and I don't want to fire this out,
just fire it out there, but I think he's going to be exceptional,
very, very exceptional in the grand scheme of things.
The 10 years of hell the Oilers fans went through from the time that you guys
beat them in the cup finals till last year pretty much,
they would go through 20 more of those years
and had it have been 30 years of health
if they knew they would get this kid at some point.
He really could be, right now,
he looks like he could end up being
the greatest hockey player ever.
Yeah, that's such a hot take,
but it's like he's doing shit that I'm rewinding it.
Like you said, you rewind it, you watch it over and over, you're like,
he's fucking blowing by that
guy who's pretty fast and a good skater
and he had 10, the guy had
10-foot, 10-step jump on him.
So, I mean, it's fun to
watch and Edmonton fans should be like, yeah,
that 10 years is nothing now that we have this
kid every night.
And he plays fucking defense, too.
Have you noticed that? I've been watching him a little bit.
He's all over the fucking ice,
obviously. He's got another gear that nobody
else even comes close to, but
he plays D, too, so he comes
back. He'll be back-checking,
and he's blowing by guys
on the back-check to get in front of them and get
good defensive position, and he's
not even fucking skating.
He's gliding for Christ's sakes.
And like right by guys.
He's gliding.
And the other thing is like of people that fast, like I remember,
I think there were a couple guys in Pittsburgh.
I'm sure you've played with guys calling me.
I remember Konstantin Koltsov and Rico Fata who were full.
These guys flew.
They had jets, but they didn't have like the mind and the skill.
He's doing all the stuff that the best player that,
you know,
the guy with the best hands and the best vision could do.
He's doing it at the highest pace.
So it's like,
you've never seen it.
Crosby kind of Crosby did it when he came in.
You'd never seen it,
but it's just now this like other level.
I,
I'm just amazed every night.
It's fun to watch him play,
which you can't say about that many guys.
You really enjoy it.
And,
and then you add in, add in the size on the, on the kid too. You know, he's a, he's a monster, him play, which you can't say about that many guys. You really enjoy it. And then you add in the
size on the kid, too.
He's a monster. But that's what, I think it was
Pete Blackburn tweeted last night.
He is worth the
fucking price admission every night.
He's the national TV game.
He should be on national TV more. No, he's on NBC Sports
four times this year, I think.
Good job. Yeah, seriously. He should be on 44.
No shit. He should be on 44. I know. Shit.
He should be 44 times.
But he's a guy who literally makes you jump out of your seat.
Obviously, they were Canadian or European.
They tweeted at me.
He was timed at like 39 kilometers an hour.
I was like, translation, buddy.
I had fucking no idea.
I'm like Clark Griswold, European vacation.
He's like about 25 miles an hour. I'm like, that's prettywold, European vacation. He's like, about 25 miles an hour.
I'm like, that's pretty fucking fast.
And he got there in like three strides.
When he hit that first blue line, it was like he shot out of the fucking cannon.
So, yeah, man, I'm excited to watch this kid play, man.
It's like the sky's the limit. Who's your cup pick, Tommy?
Oh, man, I was thinking about it.
I've been thinking about it.
I don't know, man.
I mean, it's wide open.
Do you gamble? You never gamble, do you? Do I don't know, man. I mean, it's wide open. Do you gamble?
You never gamble, do you?
Do I gamble?
Yeah, do you sports gamble?
No, I do.
You know what?
I got into the sports gambling one year when I was in Columbus.
Obviously not on hockey, but I did the bookie thing and everything.
I watched NFL football.
I was like one year where I was into it.
I got a bookie.
I'm like, I'm going to make some money.
And you got murdered. And I was into it. I'm like, got a bookie. I'm like, I'm going to make some money. And you got murdered.
Destroyed.
Destroyed.
And so ever since then, I'm like, you know what?
I'm going to go easy.
So I do gamble a little bit.
Like up here in Canada, they got that sports select shit, which is kind of.
Is that legal?
It's legal.
Yeah.
So in every gas station in Canada, they got sports select.
It's called.
So you can bet.
You can bet on sports. But it's like, it's called. So you can bet. You can bet on sports.
But it's like, it's not, it's kind of, I wouldn't say it's rigged against you,
but it's like, for instance, for football, if you're betting a game,
like three points, if a game's within three points,
if three points are less, it's considered a tie.
So that's bullshit.
Oh, that's bullshit.
They rig it up a little bit.
Yeah, like it's not something
where you're going to be going in there,
but it's okay to like gamble a little bit on it.
And you can't just bet on one game either.
It's got to be at least three, I think.
So I do a little bit of that.
So I gamble a bit, but not huge, no.
Yeah, so I mean, it's basically like
you can scream at a little gas station attendant
when the bet doesn't win
instead of screaming at your computer or your TV.
Yeah, yeah. And there's too. Like, you're not putting
I think the max, I mean, unless you
went in there and made out, like, a hundred tickets,
I think the max bet you can put on anything is
like a hundred bucks. Those sound
like when you're in the joint
and you got a bookie in it when you're in the can,
like one of those, like, when you bet in prison,
always take the fucking points in prison.
You're paying with cigarettes and like hand drops.
And ass.
So who do you like for the cup?
I interrupted you.
That's what we do on the show.
God.
Who do I like for the goddamn cup?
Tough one.
Pittsburgh's.
I mean, I guess if I'm going to, and I guess I'll say this,
and I think it's kind of a popular pick a little bit.
I'm going to say it because I like the guy who needs to have a huge year
if it's going to happen.
I kind of like Tampa.
Me too.
EA Sports picked them.
EA Sports did their video game thing, and they won it.
They beat Edmonton in the finals.
I like Tampa. Yeah, they were 9-1. Really? Oh, I didn't know EA Sports did their video game thing, and they won it. They beat Edmonton in the finals. I like Tampa.
Yeah, they were 9-1.
Really?
Oh, I didn't know EA Sports did that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just saw it this morning on NHL Network.
Check it out.
Local listings.
Check local listings.
Yeah, I mean, I like Tampa.
I love Stephen Stamkos.
I think Stamkos is the man.
I mean, he's an unbelievable player, and he's a great dude.
I mean, I can't say enough about him in that way.
I'm always cheering for him for that.
And, you know, he's had a couple little bit of bad luck and everything,
so I hope he has a great year and most of all then stays healthy.
If he stays healthy, he's probably going to have a great year.
So, yeah, Tampa, I guess.
Yeah, like last time, we talked last week, they were 9-1.
I know obviously you can shop around.
Different websites have different odds.
Like, for example, like last week we mentioned chicago also i i thought they were
great value at nine to one i looked on my site last night they were 12 to one to win the cup
which that's a nice price also another team uh carolina they kind of they've become the trend
everywhere everyone's kind of talking about them last week we mentioned they were 25 to one i've
checked another site last night 60 to-1 they were last night.
Do I think they're going to win the Cup?
No, but for fucking 61...
But you're a gambler. No, no. I'm a degenerate
gambler. Spell it right.
I like to sprinkle the infield
with a couple teams.
What do you guys think of fucking...
I mean, they're not going to win either, but what do you guys
think of fucking Columbus?
Man. Nay, nay, no i i like them it's just the always you tortorella comes in and you do
great and guys get a little tired of them and things to go and yeah they don't get the same
goaltending i mean i think that they could they could have the same type year but it's just every
year you're in that division and until crosby and Malkin and Kessel aren't there,
if Columbus is playing Pittsburgh to get out of that division,
I don't know if they'll ever beat them.
I don't know.
But in terms of being a team that I think people hate playing against,
they've got some guys who are tough to play against.
They can score.
That building's bananas, call me now.
It wasn't anything like that when you were there, was it?
You know what?
It was my first year there after Christmas.
So we were like so-so, not bad, before Christmas.
There's Buckeye football going on and all that stuff.
So it was okay.
And I want to say going into Christmas, we were going into January 1st,
we were like slightly above 500.
So we were doing pretty good for Columbus.
But it wasn't like anything unbelievable.
And then in January, I don't know, we had like 15 games.
We went like 14-1 or 15-1.
And that place heated up.
The rest of the year, it was awesome.
Wow.
So I have seen that place loud.
It's a good building, man.
It's unreal.
Yeah, and it gets loud as shit.
And that cannon, oh my god,
that cannon haunts my dreams.
So yeah, I think that's actually just a great sports
town then. I mean, I think it's just, they now
have a legit home ice advantage, which people
hadn't kind of seen in quite a while. There were some
lean years there, I felt.
Very lean years,
yeah. I think they're one of
these cities that, you know, obviously
as the team gets better, you're going to kind of hear about them a lot more.
Similar to what we had with Nashville last year.
You know, people really kind of got a peek at how big of a hockey city that really has become.
Obviously, when your team goes to the Cup, that helps.
But, yeah, Columbus, I've seen them as low as 15-1 and as high as 25-1.
I think they're worth a toss.
I mean, you know, they got to the playoffs last year.
They didn't get the best play from Bobrovsky. I think there was probably a lot of j mean, you know, they got to the playoffs last year. They didn't get the best play from Bobrovsky.
I think there was probably a lot of jitters,
a lot of young guys on the team who hadn't been there before.
But I think, yeah, they're definitely a team to keep an eye on.
A lot of people have them winning that division.
It's going to be interesting stuff.
What do you think?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
No, no, you first.
No, I insist.
What do you think Steve Duchesne ends up?
What do you think Joe Sackick ends up doing with him?
Steve Duchesne?
You mean Matt?
Don't edit that, Grinnelli.
No, don't.
Hey, that just showed my fucking AIDS big time.
Steve Duchesne, just shit?
No, Steve Duchesne, nice to meet you.
Matt Duchesne.
Hockey guy.
Wow, man, you know what?
I'm actually feeling, you know what?
Like, I have no idea where he ends up,
but I'm actually kind of starting to feel a little bit,
like, a little bit sorry for this guy.
A little bit.
I mean, I think it's good.
I think it's the right move for him to show up to camp.
Like, hey, look, you're getting paid a lot of money.
It's not the end of the world.
Like, show up.
And he did. But did but like fuck me how long has his goddamn name been on the on the trading block
like i just like this is too long this is over a year but yeah like that's gonna weigh on you
like okay let's go play another game for the avalanche i won't am i gonna get traded today
am i gonna get traded today i mean and it goes on for over a year.
I mean, I think it's, he needs to go, obviously.
I don't like how it's been handled.
I mean, you can try and trade a guy, but just deny it to the media
and tell him, who cares?
Lie to him.
Tell him he's not on the block, whatever.
But, yeah, I mean, I don't know.
He needs to go.
I mean, it's got to be hard for him sitting in there.
Oh, it must suck, dude.
And not only, I mean, well, who knows? This year, you never know. He needs to go. I mean, it's got to be hard for him sitting in there. Oh, it must suck, dude. And not only, I mean, well, who knows?
This year, you never know.
Maybe they come back, he plays great, and they're not that bad.
But last year, he's sitting there.
He's not only, like, dying to get out of there,
and he's been rumored to get out of there,
they're getting piss-pounded on the reg,
and he's legit like, all right, what the fuck?
So if there is a bet that you can make on an individual player,
when he does get traded,
I'm going to hammer his over points every night for fucking two months
because he's nasty.
And I don't know if he just doesn't like being in Colorado
or he didn't have a great year,
but he could go somewhere and dominate.
Like, he's unreal.
And I just think as soon as it ends, it's just easier for everyone.
Until it happens, there's going to be questions unless the guy comes out and just says we're not trading
him like you can't keep talking about it if if nothing changes yeah it becomes a fucking huge
distraction so i think yeah everybody's talking about it he has to go ahead hashtag pack your
shit hey yes speaking of that back for fucking 15 months speaking of that. Packed for fucking 15 months.
Speaking of that, so call me, Pack Your Shit.
One of your hashtags, my favorite, is in one.
And you're now going to sell a couple in one t-shirts.
People here that listen to Chicklets love t-shirts.
I feel like this could be a big seller for you.
Where can they find them?
Oh, yeah, you can find them at Sauce Hockey, www.saucehockey.com.
I was kind of thinking about firing something out there for like a couple months.
I'm like, you know, just on Twitter, the in one stuff.
People love when you get in one, Kami.
They love when you get in one.
Yeah, yeah, and I love doing it.
I'm going to pump the brakes in September, but I do love getting in when I can't wait for the weekend.
And swinging the goddamn wrenches, call me.
I know you.
Oh, yeah.
God, I love it.
It's so hard not to.
I like the versatility of it.
Like, you know, are you getting in one?
Yeah, I'm tying one out with the boys.
You're getting in one.
You could be up to shenanigans.
You're getting in one.
You could be getting fucking the dipstick wet.
It has a lot of different varieties of usage, which is a good thing.
One thing I've been asking
a lot of our guests lately,
and I'm going to ask you as well,
is this the greatest collection of talent
that you've ever seen in the NHL as long as
you've been watching the league?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
there's a lot of really, really good players. Yeah. I mean, there's probably i don't know
seven or eight of them at least minimum but i'm like well i could see them going far for sure
just because there's so many good players um so yeah i mean obviously like the big big guys get a
lot of a lot of play but yeah there's a ton a ton of fucking good players in this league. I mean, in the league set up,
the rules are set up where skill's going to dominate
for sure.
I mean, yeah, it's funny you say that
because we have NHL Network on in
our studio, aka the couch of
Rear Admiral's home. They just showed the fight
last night of Cassian and
um...
Oh, Glass. Yeah, Tanner Glass.
Tanner Glass gave it to him. That was a pretty good fight.
But it's like, I don't know, man.
I feel like we might see like 25 fights this year.
It's so different now.
And I don't, I mean, I never fought.
I have nothing to say.
But for you, do you, when you're watching hockey, do you miss it?
Like, do you like seeing a good tilt?
Or because you went through it and you had so many fights,
do you kind of cringe whenever you see guys like drop them now?
You know what?
I'm like, I mean, I was, I definitely fought, but I wouldn't say by any stretch, like I
wouldn't call myself like a fighter.
Like any fight when it was staged, like there was a few years where I was the biggest guy
on the team.
So you'd have to fight.
And anytime I fought somebody when I, when i like had to fight him so like like my last nhl fight for instance was in tampa and we were up five
nothing in the first period against boston so it's like two minutes left in the period face off in
our end well who comes out sean thornton i'm like oh for christ yeah fuck so it's five nothing he
lines up and he's and he's i mean he's awesome i like he's very good about he's like yeah and i can't say enough good things about him he had lines up, and he's awesome. He's very good about it.
He's like, yeah, and I can't say enough good things about him.
He had an incredible career, and he's a great guy.
He's like, hey, I need one.
And I'm like, seriously?
5-0, dude.
I really don't want to.
He's like, come on, Tommy.
I need a fight.
I'm like, for fuck's sake.
So I fight him, and it looks like i actually slipped all the punches he
didn't end up hitting me but if you watch the video it looks like i get pounded i mean he's
throwing both hands he before we go he's like let's just make it look good so i'm like okay
so i'm thinking like look good like let's go back and forth a little bit i mean he's throwing both
hands at me during the fight i'm like look good look good. I'm like, I look like an asshole here. My jersey ripped. My jersey's over my head. Anyways, I managed to slip all the punches. And I
would say if I got dummied with a bunch of them, but I managed to slip them, so I was okay.
So getting back to the point, I don't really like the staged ones. I do agree with the NHL on that.
Those ones are kind of... Because I know that can that can suck i mean you really have to love fighting to do that that's a tough job very tough but i do miss like i mean i do appreciate a
good fight you know like the game gets heated up and guys get pissed off and i think it's a huge
deterrent that's what i mean and i hope i'm wrong but i think if you take it out of the game which
that's the way that it's trending or very rarely happens, I mean, guys play a lot tougher than normally wouldn't.
And I think that brings some dirty play in.
That's what really bothers me about it is like, you know, I don't want to see somebody get blasted from behind.
You know, or the stick work or stuff like that, where that stuff disappears.
I mean, a lot of people don't want to fight.
They don't like fighting.
So in the back of your mind, it's like, you know what?
I'd really like to run this dude right here.
But then if you're thinking, well, you know what?
If I do run him, you know, there's Milan Lucic on the other team,
and he might tear my head off.
You know what?
Maybe I'll just rub him out.
And I think that that has value.
Yep.
Can't have a beat rubbing him out.
just rub them out. And I think that has value.
I also think
that with
George Paros in charge,
I think that any dirty shit,
stuff that he would have wanted to kill
a guy if they'd pulled, that's going to
get the big suspension. So I think it'll be
great with him in there because the shit that's
real dirty and scumbag stuff that
I think most hockey players hate to see,
I think he's going to be like,
that guy's getting 15 games. Fuck that.
You know what I mean?
I think that was a great hire. I really do.
I think that was an awesome hire.
I know George is excited about it too.
I think that was great. When I saw that was announced, I was like,
that's a really good move.
I think they just hired Ray Whitney. Did you guys see that?
The Wizard?
I was just about to congrat Wits because
last night on Twitter, you know, the
news came out, Ryan Whitney hides a pop in a
play of safety. And so many people are like,
is he still going to be able to do the podcast too?
I'm like, I don't know if he's going to be able to or not.
Like, Ryan and Ray
fucking Whitney. But, you know,
and it is important because, you know,
like we're talking about, we have all this talent and you want to
protect it. You want it on the ice and you don't want, you know, like you say, these fucking weasel hits, guys hitting from behind because there's no fear of repercussions.
They know they're not going to get dummied anymore like they might have 15, 20 years ago.
And, you know, that's why you need fighting because, you know, guys, you don't have to fight in the NHL anymore.
If you don't want to fight, you really don't have to, you know, but it should still be an option.
And as long as they keep it an option, I think there's a better chance of keeping guys on us.
Because, like I said, the talent, man, every fucking night.
Like last night, we had Crosby on one game.
Next game, fucking, what's his name?
McDavid, another game.
Matthews.
Matthews.
And then tonight, I'm sorry, Thursday night, Jack know, Jack Eichel, home opener starting up.
I mean, just every night there's a superstar playing in this league.
So it's important as hell to keep those guys healthy and on the ice.
So I just think that when you watch when you when you watch hockey, it's crazy.
Like even now as a fan, a fight that like isn't stupid and isn't set up, but happens is like very exciting.
It'll always be that way.
You hate to see when people have and will, you know, suffer happens is very exciting. It'll always be that way. You hate to see when people
have and will suffer from concussion
stuff, but it fucking gets your blood
going as a fan to watch it. It's crazy.
Yeah, the organic fights and goals.
Fights and goals.
So what are you doing with yourself these
days? Come on, are you still driving the Uber
or what? I haven't.
No, I haven't driven the Uber. I was thinking about
taking from the first episode
when i was on i should be driving uber around here in calgary uh i might do that i'm just kind
of sniffing around you know what i spent the summer well when i wasn't in one which was
fucking seven days out of ten but uh i was going i've been going around kind of looking for in
different avenues going to some white work work meetings and doing some different things like that.
So, yeah, I mean, honestly, I just bought a place here.
So, honestly, I'm looking for what's next.
Not sure what it is.
But, yeah, Uber's on the list.
I do get a lot of questions about Uber.
Uber around here would be fun, too.
Yeah, you can get in one in more ways than one with the little Uber action.
Yeah, you can get in one in more ways than one with the little Uber action.
Imagine, hey, you'd be the guy that's tweeting that you're in one,
and then you'd be like, I'm going to drive some Ubers tonight,
and just crash into a pole, and then they get the proof of your tweets.
I'm in one.
Yeah, but straight to jail.
In what, Commie?
In one of my Uber customers.
All right.
That's a great way to do it.
Yeah, thank you so much for coming on, buddy.
We appreciate it.
People love when you come on here,
and I'm looking forward to hopefully doing some stuff with you at Sportsnet,
and we appreciate it.
Call me as always. Awesome.
Anytime, guys.
I love coming on.
As always, pal, we appreciate it immensely.
We'll be looking for you in one shirt on SauceHockey.com,
one of our sponsors as well, so that works out as well.
But, hey, dude, enjoy the season.
We'll obviously have you on during it once or twice again
because people fucking love your stories.
Maybe three times.
Maybe three times.
Maybe three.
But enjoy the season.
Enjoy Calgary, and we'll be in touch, my friend.
And that interview with Mike Comito is brought to you by MyBookie.
If you're watching the games, it's time to start making money.
MyBookie is the industry-leading website
that hooks you up for all your bet needs.
And with their great odds, fast payouts,
and decades of expertise,
you can bet with confidence.
Your team doesn't have to win.
They just need to cover the spread or the puck line.
What are you waiting for?
Lay down some lumber, lay down some cash,
and win big today.
Or if you know your team sucks,
do yourself a favor and bet against them.
If they lose, you make money.
And if they win, you're still happy because your team won.
At MyBookie, where your bet is just as important as who you're betting on.
That's why I'm urging you to make your way to MyBookie now.
I trust them, but you don't have to take my word for it.
Check them out yourself.
They have in-game live betting in a mobile site that makes wagering on the internet,
on the go, so much easier.
You can also check out their online casino if you'd rather play a few hands of blackjack or roll the dice and craps.
Join now and MyBookie will match your deposit with up to 100 bonus.
Use the promo code SPIT to activate the offer.
That's S-P-I-T.
Visit MyBookie.ag today.
You play, you win, you get paid.
MyBookie.ag today.
You play, you win, you get paid.
Big thanks again to our pal Mike Commodore, a.k.a. Commie.
Always getting in one, as he says.
Great guest, great guy.
I'm buying a shirt.
Hilarious fucking guest.
So now, the favorite end of the episode sequence.
All right, Hamilton.
Grinnell, you hit us up.
Questions about me.
All right, boys.
And all right, Whitney.
All right, Paul Henderson asks, who has a higher... Famous goal for Team Canada, Paul Henderson. You know who that is, Grinnell, you hit us up. Questions about me? All right, boys. And I'll write Whitney. All right, Paul Henderson asks,
who has a higher... Famous goal for Team Canada, Paul Henderson.
You know who that is, Grinnell?
I don't.
Different Paul Henderson.
Oh, the end of the cup.
Higher ceiling, Dean Youngblood in Youngblood
or Stevie Weeks in Mystery Alaska?
All right, Hamilton.
I don't know.
I hate these fucking type of questions.
I really do.
Fictional TV.
I hate it.
I hate it.
Paul Henderson, the real Paul Henderson's a legend.
That guy stinks. Although, you're a great listener.
I'll say Stevie Weeks.
I'll go with fucking Youngblood. He was playing
juniors, not some fucking scrub fucking
shinny league out in Alaska.
And he dummied Radke.
Yeah, yeah. And he's fucking Rob Lowe.
And Mrs. McGill.
All right, so
Connor asks, how many games does it take to get out all the off-season kinks?
All right, Hamilton.
I think it's a couple skates in the summer, I feel.
I mean, once you start getting back into it in August,
your hands might feel not as smooth.
But I think actually now guys are skating all year.
It's a little different.
And then you play your first few exhibition games.
I think then you're kind of getting some of the actual game action out. But by the regular season, these guys are ready all year it's a little different but um and then you play your first few exhibition games i think then you're kind of getting some of the actual game action out but by the regular
season these guys are ready to go they feel probably as good about their game as or as
comfortable with their game as as possible and also i mean you know knock on wood you know you
don't have an injury in camp and you're not dealing with the start of the year or something
but this is as healthy as you usually feel all season and that makes you just so confident and
then all of a sudden the bumps, bruises,
and hopefully minor injuries come up,
and you're always kind of grinding to feel healthy
and feel the same type of speed and skill with the puck.
My first night last night, I thought I was pretty smooth with the remote.
I only missed a couple goals.
I did step away for one minute.
Toronto went off 3-0.
No fire alarms went off.
I'm sorry, Wednesday night.
Yeah, no fire alarms went off.
So I was happy with my first night in the league.
So a couple more nights should have all the kinks worked out.
Yeah, I think by playoffs, you'll be definitely ready.
Yeah, should be good.
All right, so Tyler asks,
top three underrated players that you expect to get the recognition they deserve this year?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, if they're underrated, we can't tell you about them.
Yeah, that's tough. That's Hamilton. Oh, if they're underrated, we can't tell you about them. Yeah, that's tough.
That's tough.
Oh, man, I wish I had a little time to think about this.
Yeah.
Underrated players, I love.
He's not that underrated.
That's the thing.
I don't know what underrated is.
For me, the Nikolai Ehlers for Winnipeg.
Yeah, he just signed.
He just signed a seven-year deal for 42 million.
And he's a first-round pick,
right? So it's like he's not unknown, but
he's nasty. You'll see a lot
of him this year. He's so fast.
He actually has some moves last year.
If you can YouTube some of his highlights, he just makes
defense look foolish.
He's really quick, and on
his edges, he's fun to watch.
Other guys...
Fuck, did stick out right away. I love Jared Spurgeon on the Minnesota Wild.
Probably my favorite underrated defenseman that nobody talks about.
Ryan Suter's a great player.
You hear about him a lot.
But Spurgeon's like, he's right there in terms of Minnesota's most valuable D.
He plays tons of minutes.
He plays on the other side as opposed to Suter's.
Suter's a lefty.
He's a righty.
Flies around.
So he's a guy that I think pops into my head as being underrated.
And who else?
Somebody in Carolina.
Oh, who's the righty?
Elias Lindholm?
Yeah.
I think it's Elias Lindholm.
He was a first-round pick too, but he could have a huge year.
I'm just trying to think of teams that maybe could surprise.
And there's so many guys, but you also wonder,
are some of these people considered overrated by now-advanced stats and fans?
I have no idea.
This is just how my weird mind works.
Well, it's funny.
Underrated is one of those terms where, like, I'll bring up a name,
Louis Erickson.
Louis Erickson was the best underrated player in the league a few years ago and then no for six years he was for six yeah yeah
it's like okay well nobody's he's not a rate if you talk about him every time until he gets until
he gets traded so you know in the second deal and then you know he wasn't really oh he was probably
overrated he went from like underrated to like overrated by like getting traded and he was sick
in dallas though for yeah he was he was their best player. Nasty player.
Full of Bruins and fucking taking them.
As far as me, I don't have fucking three guys all the time.
One guy, I don't know that he's underrated.
He maybe just hasn't arrived as a player yet.
He's still young.
He's a heralded young defenseman.
Seth Jones in Columbus.
He's Zach Wierenski's partner.
He's nasty.
He's a kid who I think he's going to have a big year this year.
He's, you know, still finding his way in the ice a little bit.
Ridiculously skilled.
How about, we've talked about how he got into hockey, right, on this?
Yeah, yeah, his dad, his dad, Popeye Jones.
Asking Joe Sackick, hey, my son, like, likes hockey.
Like, what should I do?
And Sackick's like, oh, this local program.
Like, it's just hilarious how that worked out.
It is.
You know, exactly.
Son of an NBA player.
You know, you think he'd, you know, follow in his father's footsteps is. Exactly. Son of an NBA player. You'd think he'd fall on his father's footsteps,
but instead he became a hockey player,
and now he's one of the best young defensemen in the game right now.
Would you say Shifley from Winnipeg is still underrated?
I don't know.
He's filthy, and his points per game is right up there with everyone else.
So he's unbelievable.
Him and Line A will be fun to watch.
I mean, they got crushed Wednesday night.
Toronto's legit.
I mean, we said it to Kami, said it.
We just talked about it with them,
but I think Winnipeg's still a good team.
They look horrendous.
The only question is, they've battled goaltending issues forever,
and they went out and got Steve Mason,
who's had some good seasons in the league,
but he's also had some inconsistent years.
So it's like, is he going to be the answer there?
And the first night home opener,
he gives up three on his first 10 shots.
It's like, the only thing I will say
is that last year,
Frederick Anderson was terrible
at the beginning of the year.
And you're coming to Canada for the first time
and you're considered the backbone
and then you need to be good for the team to have a chance.
So Anderson ended up having a great year after
a tough start. So Mason could be good, but it's not
a definite that he'll fix
their goaltending issues.
He didn't have, I guess, maybe quite the
resume that Frederick Anderson did. I know
Anderson was pretty good out in Dallas,
Anaheim. Anderson never won Rookie of the Year?
Yeah, he had a little bit of a resume
where Mason is, I don't know if he's a journeyman.
He did have a couple good years in Philly.
But he's
Well, he was Rookie of the Year.
And then he struggled so bad.
He lost it.
And then he went to Philly and had some good years, I think.
Yeah.
What did he sign there?
I feel like I'm an idiot.
With Winnipeg?
Yeah.
I forget the numbers off the top.
But, yeah, he's
I'll look up quick.
They're number one, obviously.
But then they got the kid, Connor Hellebuck.
Hellebuck. I forget how you say his name.
You know, he ended up coming and doing mop-up duty last night.
But, yeah, what's an interesting year for Winnipeg is, you know,
they made the playoffs a couple years ago, didn't last year.
Now, you know, they're kind of hitching their wagon to a couple goalies.
Two years, 8.2.
Okay, yeah, that's a fucking nice little number for them.
So this week's All Right Hamilton was brought to you by us,
the guys at Spittin' Chicklets.
If you want to look good and feel good,
go to BarstoolSports.com's store
and check out all the gear we have for the Spittin' Chicklets.
All right, what's your favorite shirt?
Obviously, I've got to be a little immodest here.
I'm a big fan of the black and gold.
Those are the original colors.
I'm not artistically inclined,
but I am happy that that logo is our logo. So of the black and gold. Those are the original colors. I'm not artistically inclined, but I am happy that that logo is our logo.
So I got black and gold.
Also, Mikey, we do have a few more coming down the pipeline.
Not a big deal.
We have our artists and residents working on those right now.
We have some concepts we want.
We want the perfect shirt, so we do have not a big deal shirts in the process of being designed right now.
So where can they find these shirts, R.A.?
BarstoolSports.com. Just go to the store find spit and chiclets on there and knock yourself
out support the pod support the squad just a couple of quick notes before we wrap up this episode uh
obviously a sad note um dave strater who's a great play-by-play man uh for years yeah last
day i'm sorry wednesday night on nb right? They did a beautiful tribute to him.
He was a longtime NHL play-by-play guy, great announcer.
He passed away from cancer, I believe it was Sunday or Monday.
Cancer sucks.
Yeah, it's awful.
I've never heard a bad word about that guy.
You meet him in the locker room before you play.
Yeah, you can't.
Maybe he asks you a question, but everyone loved him.
And Doc Emmerich did a great thing like that was that was awesome you saw everyone tweeting at him other announcers so yeah um that was really sad to hear um also too and you know we're just
going to mention it briefly because it's fucking such an awful story but you know what happened
in las vegas obviously you know fucking with terribly saddened about what happened and
obviously wow thoughts are with everybody was affected by it.
So I don't want this to sound like superficial or whatever.
But, you know, I was thinking of the people who are working with the Las Vegas, the new Las Vegas Golden Knights team.
You know, there's such an exciting time for them, you know, the start in the season.
And then there's this kind of not kind of this huge Paul has been cast over them.
So the UNLV club hockey coach was shot.
Yeah, he's a big bar stoolie, Nick Rabone.
Shout out to Nick Rabone.
Sending our best well wishes his way as well.
That was just a fucking nightmare.
He is expected to make a full recovery, though,
and be good to go for the season.
So, you know, as far as everyone who works with that team,
basically, you know, we're thinking of you guys,
it's probably the worst circumstances in which to kick off a new season.
And those first responders, too, and stuff.
We got to, I mean, whatever, this is what it is.
But you think of those, like, cops and EMT people running in there,
like, they're heroes.
That one video of the cops approaching the gunfight,
I mean, that was a fucking war zone.
So, you know, again, I... Thank you to them fucking war zone. So, you know, again. Thank you to them.
Our thanks, our hearts, everything is with the city of Vegas.
And, again, the people who are working with the team,
I know you guys and gals there, these aren't the ideal circumstances,
but I'm hoping that they can bring a little bit of joy,
a little bit of a distraction to everybody in Vegas
because it's such a horrible thing they're going through.
And, you know, I hope those guys,
they're all professionals with the team. They know what
to do. Hopefully, they'll give the team,
the city, a little sun to cheer about. One last
note. My man,
Tom Petty, we lost
him since the last episode.
One of my favorite acts.
Tom Petty is one of the
best. What did I say about my golf station?
Pandora Tom Petty. It was the best. I can't say about my golf station? Pandora Tom Petty.
Yeah.
It was the best.
I can't believe I didn't go with you when you asked me when he was here.
I cannot believe.
He asked me to go see Tom Petty with him when he was here, and I said no.
Was that a great show?
Phenomenal.
I don't know if you read my obituary in Boston the other day.
I had seen him about 20 years ago, and that's when my love for him went through the roof
because he's such an amazing amazing performance in person
I said I'm never gonna
miss this guy again as
long as he comes so I
saw him every time he
came to Boston for the
last 20 years I would
if he did two shows I'd
go to both shows
really three shows
three shows and what
so you've seen him at
least 10 times
probably 15 to 20
that's awesome and
one of my favorite
things was each summer
you know when he came
around was bringing
somebody new like I
like I said I asked
Grinnelli to come
because everyone had a time.
Because people were like, oh, I like Pet. I like a couple of his songs.
I'm like, no, you're going to go and you're going to fucking never
look at him the same way again because he's such a performer.
So I know it's a
rock star and a person you never met, but yeah,
it was heartbreaking to have
one of your favorite musical idols. Did he
pass away from a heart attack? Yes.
He was found in severe cardiac arrest.
Was he a drug guy?
I mean, he's a heroin guy. Years ago.
Like, yeah.
I mean, anyone who was a rock star in the 70s was a drug guy at some point.
But he, I don't, I think, I mean, obviously he was a big smoking pot guy.
But that's not, that doesn't give you a heart attack.
No one, still no one's ever died from grass.
And Tom Petty certainly didn't die from grass.
No.
You know, his, he had, you know, whatever.
Imagine how many bangers he made when he was baked.
Oh, man. He was probably just right in absolute hits when he was shredded. You know, one of the you know, whatever. Imagine how many bangers he made when he was baked. Oh, man.
He was probably just writing absolute hits when he was shredded.
You know, one of the, like, well, it's funny.
Talk about underappreciated guys.
I mean, he's been, like, the soundtrack to America for the last 40 years.
And I think a lot of people might not have probably realized that until we lost him.
But, so, I mean, on the odds of Tom Petty, family or friends listening to the show, probably Slim.
But if there's anyone out there, you know, we send our deepest condolences.
I love the guy.
He's one of my favorite artists.
Actually, Mike Petty's, like, brother is just a huge spit-and-check-it guy.
Hey, you never know.
It's a small world out there.
So send them love to Petty fans and listeners everywhere,
and we're going to have them take us away this episode as well.
So, guys, anything else going into the season?
No, exciting time of the year.
I'm going to be away at NHL Network next Thursday,
so we're going to have to figure out Skype, but we'll be back,
and we've got stuff to talk about here.
Absolutely.
Season's back, and so are we.
Thank you for listening.
Not that we ever left.
Peace out.
Peace out. You belong among the wildflowers
You belong in a boat at its sea
Sail away, kill off the owlers
You belong somewhere you feel free Run away, find you a lover
Go away, somewhere all bright and new
I have seen no other
Who compares with you.
You belong among the wildflowers.
You belong in a boat out at sea.
You belong with your love on your own.
