Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 470 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Boston Sports Podcast family.
What's up everyone? We're coming to you from lovely Southern California right now, Newport Beach.
The boys got a couple sandbaggers going down, we got some nice interviews coming,
but let's say hi to the fellas first. Paul Biznasty, Biznet, looking good to you.
Leaf, forever sure.
Leaf from my list.
By the way, you had one on that.
Don't try to pass the blame.
No, no, I'm not trying to pass the blame.
What was that?
We're on Twitter.
What do they call those?
Spaces.
Spaces.
I did notice that, yeah,
I was getting a lot of you have a lisp comments.
Even you though.
They were saying both of us.
I know, I know.
So I don't know if we actually do have lispsisp. Even you though. They were saying both of us. I know. I know.
So I don't know if we actually do have lisps now.
It has to do with the mic technology.
I figured it out. Because when we talked about Darlene's contract,
I was in the car on the way to Buffalo from my hometown,
Welland.
I did it on my phone, had the lisp.
Then I went on Game Notes.
By the way, shout out to Game Notes.
They're coming and firing first two episodes.
And then when I went on that, whatever you call it, the spaces, the way, shout out to Game Notes. They're coming and firing first two episodes. And then when I went on that, whatever you call it, the spaces, I had it again.
So the ongoing joke is my lisp and the leaf forever.
And that's where I got this shirt from.
Biff Nasty.
Biff Nasty.
Who's the kid who dropped it off?
His name's Max, I believe.
Yeah.
So shout out to Max for the free merch.
And hey, Leafs are buzzing now.
They got all the kinks out of the way. It's my team that needs to be worried about and i'm i'm one
happy camper oh next up ryan whitney the width though you got a nice t-shirt the guy had an
anaheim yeah yeah my picture i think there was an fu kunitz like spray painted on a wall in the
picture what's a duck always a duck a little play on the um you know the old oilers saying of of being a part of
that family forever it's it's like a triple xl so it really doesn't fit me but i said thanks so much
and it was very nice of him to drop that off so yeah i i mean i'm grieving i'm going through a
lot we'll probably get into that but it's a pleasure to be out uh my former home newport
beach california yeah this place this place is something else just to
get to play you kind of forget i haven't been here since the west coast wagon tour whenever that was
what five six years ago so the weather's beautiful we got these sandbaggers coming up and lucky we
had some breaking news go down right before we recorded so it would have been a huge kick in the
dick had this happened uh later on today you think they thought of us before they did it yeah they
were doing it just to be nice for us for the show kind of like sid scrapping and pre-season in buffalo
knowing that it was the chicklets exactly very similar to that a little bit like that uh producer
mikey grinnelly big week for you coming up uh on on the internet chicklets you coming i feel on top
of the world right now ra not only do i have chicklets university dropping this week wednesday
6 p.m chicklets youtube channel but i
finally got my shout out well no you've gotten one before and then you were poopy pants about it
because you're probably sleeping and it was the late night broadcast but you stayed away for this
one i stayed awake for the the late night broadcast it was la verse the golden nights and i got to use
your nugget when you stayed up till five in the morning with jack eichel the night they won the
stanley cup and i'll hand it over to you yeah Yeah. But did you see the video I posted on Twitter? So I don't
have cable, so I'm streaming. So when you text me, I just got on, just gotten out of the shower and
you were like, put on TNT right now. So I run over, put on TNT, sit down and my TV glitches out
right as the, as the March or so interview starts. So two minute video,
the only part I didn't get to see live was the part where you shouted me out.
It just kicked in when Liam was like,
oh, Mike Grinnell, producer.
And I'm like, I fucking missed the whole thing.
But I love you.
It was awesome.
It was really cool to get texts
from my buddies' dads and shit
that are big national TV guys,
don't listen to podcasts and shit.
They're like, hey, I just heard your name on national tv so that's cool i love you do you
think do you think there's a chance that your tv glitches out because of all the electricity
you're using on like 1400 christmas lights and a christmas tree and like a fucking bouncing
plug-in santa claus with it being mid-november. I don't know the rules, but if you put your Christmas stuff up before Thanksgiving.
It looked like Christmas Eve in his video.
Is that bad?
I don't think it's bad.
Some people have their vices, guys.
I'm a very stressed out person, as you guys know.
Christmas time, I'm so happy.
I need this to come home.
You got the little choo-choo train coming in.
It's like snowflakes everywhere.
I love to live in a winter wonderland.
I need this.
And I said this on Game News.
Some people have their vices.
Like, all right, all right.
You like crack.
I like Christmas.
I like Christmas decorations.
That's crack.
That's just how it goes.
Yeah, the rear.
That's awesome.
That's why they call me that.
But November 1st, every single year,
I put them up and I'll stand by it.
Get ahead of it, too,
so you can, you know, ahead of your chores.
Certainly the worst things you can do. I'm kind of a post thanksgiving guy like
lights the first day after thanksgiving great i just i need to get through that holiday before
the christmas madness i'm a firm believer in don't do anything so that therefore you don't
have to clean it up so i'm good with no tree no nothing oh you're just a grinch just no not a
grinch just treat it as another day just like my birthday it's just like i don't i don't think that's the definition of the grinch i don't need a the hoopla all the all
the nonsense i'll live for the hoopla the glitter and gold you don't even want a christ you don't
even want a little christmas tree in your room anytime anybody asks me what i want for christmas
or what do i want for for my birthday world peace i yeah like i could see him saying that
i just want everything to get figured out in the
middle east man it's all i need i just don't want a gift i don't care about that i just
you know what you know what i want the fucking day off and people to leave me alone that's what i
want all right there we go no one texts this guy on christmas oh the worst is is your birthday
because you spend your the whole week just fucking answering birthday texts. Yeah. Hey, thanks, man. Thanks, man.
Thanks, man.
All right.
Make sure you follow on YouTube.
Subscribe to our YouTube.
Follow our socials.
How many followers do we have?
305,000 right now.
We're buzzing.
That's 5,000 in two weeks.
Since I've mentioned it, you're welcome.
Yeah, it's all you.
Don't text him thank you, though.
Two more sandbaggers are going to be coming up.
You guys are going to be doing the next couple of days.
But we got to get to the big news.
Earlier this morning.
What was probably new on the East coast.
Elliot Friedman tweeted that Jay Woodcroft was being relieved of his duties and the Oilers were indeed making a coaching change.
And I understand our own Whitdog broke the news on his replacement,
Chris Knobloch, who was coaching AHL Hartford.
Paul Coffey is going to join the staff as an assistant as well.
This will be Con McDavid's fifth coach,
but the first one who coached him in juniors
is Nobler, coached him for three seasons in the O.
But wait, you got the big scoop here.
I mean, before we get there, they lost the toilet bowl.
And at that point, everybody thought maybe that was time to let him go.
Tied for dead last in the league,
coming into this NHL season with cup aspirations.
After they got beat out by the Vegas Gold Knights last year,
McDavid addressed the team saying,
everybody better be here in the best shape of their life,
ready to go September 1.
The expectations coming this year was cup or bust,
and they found themselves in the toilet bowl in San Jose
on a Thursday night 3-2 loss.
Yeah, talk about the lowest of lows now a lot of people are saying that with all the aspirations and all the expectations and
everything that people who root for the oilers were expecting to happen it was actually you in
the season preview who called for woodcroft probably being fired at one point so you're
maybe to blame for all this because you put that out
into like the you put that juju out there so maybe you knew something none of us did but in the end
first coach fired actually incredible stat i just saw david amber tweet woodcroft was hired february
10th 2022 there's been 17 coaches hired since the The turnover in the NHL is astronomical.
That's out of control.
Over half the teams in the league have new coaches in under two years.
Wow.
Crazy.
So, yeah, the toilet bowl was something else. And so I had to come out last week, and I've had enough.
I've just had enough.
And I got a lot of people that you're not a loyal fan.
Yeah, no shit.
I played for the team.
I didn't grow up in Edmonton.
I never claimed to be the most loyal fan in the world.
I claimed my love for the Oilers
and my passion for their fan base
and how much they appreciate good hockey
and what they've been through.
In the end, you get beaten down enough.
It's like you can't stand it anymore.
And having watched the past two years
and having all this excitement,
but knowing their serious flaws with the team,
I said, if they lose to San Jose, I'm done.
Full disclosure, never thought they'd lose.
Never thought they'd lose.
Said it being like, all right, well, at least I'm putting it out there.
This could fire the masses up.
This could get everyone going.
Well, they lose.
Now, I'm watching that game.
It was disgusting.
They controlled the tempo. They had the puck most of the game they just can't score so i had to quit i didn't want to quit but i
had to because i said it and it's just so long of of watching this team just flounder and like yes
last year and the year before were really good but to not build on it after everyone was at camp, I talked about it nonstop.
They were at camp September 1st.
They were doing practice captains practices before most teams had half the guys in the
cities they play in.
And then just to come off to that start, it was it was the perfect storm.
But in the end, there is a true black cloud over this organization.
They had the amazing run in the 80s in the early 90s
or whatever 91 did they win the last cup 91 all right 90 90 since then there is a giant enormous
gray cloud just shooting down horror and horrible weather all over the city and the team so i don't
know if they'll ever come out of it it's the hockey gods karma we gave you gretzky we gave
you mess we gave you all these legends and all these Stanley Cups.
And now you're going to pay the toll forever.
So it breaks my heart.
It really does.
Like it's hard.
It's like a breakup.
And right now I'm like dating a little bit, right?
I have some teams.
I'm like, I'm being courted.
I said, you can't be a slut like biz.
Well, no, I'm not going to be,
I'm not going to be a whore like biz slutty 69.
I'm going to go out and go on some dates.
And actually I told my wife, I said, I'm going to see who rubs my back, who tickles my balls,
who makes me a meal.
And she's like, what are you talking about?
I said, listen, I'm going.
So I have teams in mind.
Pause.
Now, if, if, yeah, it was a little awkward.
If, if I had known Woodcroft be fired. And we'll get into this.
Is Woodcroft the problem?
Exactly.
I mean, I'll tell you who the problem is, really.
It's Ken Holland.
Okay, now Ken Holland's gone after this year.
But at this point, McDavid's old agent is the president of the Oilers.
His old junior coach is the head coach.
So the inmates are running the asylum a little bit.
Now, the whole issue is that you need him to stay if he leaves they will they have a team anymore so that's that's
the thing is like all these people trying to fucking stir it up online oh yeah you got you
know you got your old agent as the president now you're bringing your old head coach but i would
the only thing i would say is if for whatever reason it doesn't
work out in the next couple years and he does leave I would say that it's probably a bad look
considering all the moves that were made in order to keep him around and keep him happy
especially if they're not able to deliver with him as the captain and his him as the greatest player
probably in the on the planet right now now some people would
argue as far as how he's playing right now it does not equate to how maybe peterson or where maybe
even like on nylander level but we all know that this is a bit of a dry spell and he might be
injured he's the best player on the planet overall his body his body of work speaks for itself what
is he i think he has four mvps five uh player voted we're all we're all
agreeing right now he's yeah he's struggling a little well struggling for him for him but but
like if he goes on to not re-sign with edmonton oh granted it's two more years after this right
yeah a lot of time to fix stuff the the question mark is like all right well leon's the year before
if he leaves then unless they have this crazy
return in a trade for i'm like if leon leaves does that mean connor's gonna leave if mcdavid
doesn't play for the oilers after this contract he'll be the most hated man by that fan base for
the rest of eternity you think so buddy unless they win the stanley cup and then he leaves what's
if he because of the change you just said it all of his guys are guys are there. Yeah, but I would say that I would understand
that there would be like scrutiny in the sense of like,
you tried to make it and create it
and have probably more say than any player should have.
Like from a LeBron-esque sense.
But hated is a strong word because without him there,
they don't get any enjoyment.
I'm not saying it's valid.
Oh, okay.
I'm saying you know how fans are.
Okay, okay.
Canadian fan base, if, and it's really probably because of what's really happened now in the
junior coach and your agent becoming the president, that if you leave, like that fan base will
despise him.
If they win a Stanley Cup and then he leaves, different story, no chance.
But if they don't end up getting it done, that's not necessarily right.
That's not necessarily right that's not
necessarily fair that's how fan bases work dude you we did everything for you and in the end the
gm didn't get them the pieces they need and you left now this is so far away it's a little
ridiculous to talk about but no but it's but it has sparked up the conversation where like you
know it's it's like you talk about the president situation then his his former coach now being hired it's like the conversation has begun but they kind of have
to look that's the other argument like we we have to keep him happy and it's like now i'm sure they
think that knoblock can be a very good coach apparently he's been on the radar for quite a
while now i got a couple texts from guys who played for him for the hartford hartford oh jesus christ the hot there goes my lisp again the hartford wolf pack and they said great guy great
coach so only positive feedback so far and the guy's been waiting his time now woodcroft after
the san jose toilet bowl which by the way like was probably one of the bigger nights on on twitter
and in the nhl like the fact that it just turned into this massive toilet bowl
game and like will edmonton actually lose it was pretty crazy how many people were invested into
that game but woodcroft was walking off the ice and the clip came out of him kind of whispering
over saying over to dave manson who's now also fired the defensive coach that could be it something
like that i'm paraphrasing like they have they have the lip reader experts out there saying,
you know, I think he whispered over that could be it.
Well, in the end, that was it.
That's probably when the decision was made,
but because they were flying right to Seattle
and had a game the next night or Saturday night,
they just couldn't get it done.
But there's no way the decision wasn't made right then.
And probably the wheels started turning with Knobloch
and the Rangers organization because to win
and then have him still be fired, that means the decision had already been made.
So you kind of feel bad for Woodcroft a little bit.
He's like, oh, I got to win.
We needed that just a little more life.
And the next morning he gets the gets the pink slip.
So I just don't know if coaching was necessarily the biggest problem.
Like the guy came over.
I said it last week.
He's been one of the top winning percentage coaches since he got into the
nhl and the team stinks and now it's like all right well you're gone and we're gonna just try
something else but the team built by holland that's that's on ken holland man you know they
how long you think his shelf life he's done after this year regardless i think his contract's up so
i'm assuming jeff jackson takes over even if they went to the conference finals you still think
he'd be done?
Well, they'd have to resign him.
And Jeff Jackson just came in as president.
I guess I don't know, but I would think.
So there was a tweet or a post, maybe it was on Instagram.
And since McDavid has got to town,
it's got the 10 worst moves they've made.
Oh, Jesus.
Want me to read them?
They're pretty ugly.
Why don't you read them all off? Yeah, so Merle sent this over.
I don't know who the Instagram account that posted this is,
but it says the 10 worst moves of the McDavid era.
Number one, the Reinhardt trade.
Number two, Campbell five by five.
Number three, Luchich seven by six.
Number four, the Broberg pick.
Number five, Kassian four by 3.25.
Number six, Pugliavi development.
Number seven, Nurse eight times 9.25.
Number eight, Strom for Spooner
number nine the Keith trade number 10 Larson for Hall yeah I mean some of those are horrific like
when they brought in Duncan Keith come on I mean they were trying to just get a winner in there
they were trying to get somebody who's who's been to the top of the mountain like for him to be on
there I don't know um it's yeah it's it's it's it's
basically one of those things where the fan base is like this is not right this can't be happening
still like how are we wasting these two players now they had a huge win and it was without McDavid
and Leon getting a point which is kind of shocking but Seattle really stinks too so maybe this gets
them going they go home they play the Islanders then they play the Kraken again. Then they go out East for a tough road trip with Tampa. And I think they got
Washington, Carolina, Florida. So that, that, that'll be a big test. But if all of a sudden
they go home and get two wins, they're back in the mix. They're back in the mix. And, and, and I
will always root for them. I said that this is not like, Oh, I'm not an Oilers fan anymore. Like I
have another new favorite team. Like I hope they lose every game. No, I'll be very happy for all of them,
all those fans and those players to really have success.
It's just, I can't put myself through the ringer.
I can't do it.
So I also think that you should be thrilled
as an Oiler fan if I am doing this,
because whenever I say the opposite happens,
I chirp the Capitals.
They're 5-1-1 in their next seven.
I leave the Oilers.
Well, Merle said they're going to win 10 in a row he really said i guarantee they go on an amazing hot streak so
this is a good thing if you're an oilers fan i agree now as far as you moving on have there been
any teams that you've been watching a little bit more than usual you mentioned the dating thing is
it quite too soon right now to to trickle over and find a little bit of that love feeling
that butterflies as they say like a like a um eligible you know wanted single bachelor uh on
on social media these days like my dms are flooded right like i'm getting a lot of dms and it's like
you know i got teams on my mind i'll just throw out quickly some fan bases and teams i'm looking at and part of this
i said openly was the time starts i live in boston okay i don't know how long i i i'm aging like uh
the the long shanks in in uh braveheart who's that old guy with all the shit on his face sorry like
this is happening to me i look short with the arrow at the end no the old guy he had like the
shit on his yeah boils
on his face i i don't yeah maybe it wasn't long and i think it was long shanks but it wasn't what
was it sean the barista's dad yeah the scottish rebels the barista's dad the brood of the yeah
the bruce's whatever so the the time and the the lack of sleep was killing me so i'm trying to look
more east teams that have gotten in touch with me.
So I'm going to throw in some names.
So you said nothing out West.
No, there's a little out West.
Anaheim's on the rise, but that's just too late a start.
And it's a former team of yours.
And you just got the shirt a couple days ago.
No?
No, with their bright future, I was thinking about that.
I can't do the starts. I can't do it. I mean, I'm watching about that. I just can't do the starts.
I can't do it.
I mean, I'm watching every game.
I can't.
I can't do it.
Teams that I've...
What about Carolina?
Carolina's in the mix.
Detroit's in the mix.
Rangers?
The Rangers are not in the mix.
Great hockey team, though.
He's even calling them the for realsies now.
We'll get into that in a little bit.
The Rangers aren't in the mix.
On behalf of the Bruins, we would welcome you with open arms too easy here's a wild card for you
what about minnesota minnesota's in the mix minnesota's in the mix these this is my like
these are the dms i'm getting right we got the wild we got the red wings we got the blackhawks
we got the hurricane we got the sabers we got the um the sends a little bit but
i don't know if i can get into that mess after this mess i just left so there's there's there's
options um i'll like i said i'll be dating baggage and um and and you know i'll be happy if the
oiler's too good i will i just won't be there every day every night every waking minute thinking about him who's like who's the
slutty team that you would want like one go from vegas yeah no we could never hop on the stanley
cup winner no this is very similar to when i chose my english premier league team the uh
the team called they call chelsea um they stink so i thought they were going to be coming up but
when i was picking i'm not going to pick the big dogs. I'm not
going to pick the Man City and Liverpool
and Manchester United, right? I had to go a little
deeper. Unfortunately, that's gone
horrific. So maybe it's me. Maybe it is
me. But you grew up a Red Wings fan
though, right? I grew up a Red Wings fan.
I grew up a Red Wings fan. Yeah,
they're near the top. They're near the top.
But the whole aspect of Carolina, when I go
down there and go to games,
I can play golf.
That's kind of like interesting to me,
but it won't be golf related, this pick.
It's hockey and futures related.
And I do love the wings.
They're right near the top.
I thought the best part of the toilet bowl,
R.A., was...
Columbus.
Ooh, Columbus.
Talk to them quickly.
I mean, I know you had a tough week last week
with giving the shout out to the goaltenders
for San Jose,
and they got shelled for 10 in a row back-to-back games but blackwood since then has looked great yeah and i
i bet him that night too san jose i sent that to the feed they were they were 100 to make 300 that
night in the toilet bowl game i had him in a poly with seattle i had a nice little night on him i
mean i said this team is the second worst team in the league who are they to be favored that much
over anybody regardless of the matchup so yeah i made a few bucks and yeah the goal is i kind of put the whammy on him along
with all the numbers last week hey you know what the one number nobody fucking caught that i fucked
up and i i realized that after that one person wait one that no the last one that nobody yeah
the one that nobody pointed out i fucked up and the intro i fucking i said the wrong i said
468 i'm sorry yeah 468 instead of 469 like who would, I mean, at this point when you're that high up.
Oh, he's pointing at G.
No, he said who would notice.
I said, well, no.
I had my guy.
G, you missed that one, buddy.
G would be the guy I would have thought might have caught that.
Because, you know, as a producer, I'm not pinning on him.
I fucked up.
But it was just interesting of all the numbers I butchered.
Nobody caught that.
A couple of numbers.
Edmonton, eight points back of the second wild card.
69 games left.
A nice number there for you, Biz. But do they get it done or what do you think they get in the
playoffs um i would how many games do you think they'd have to win with the remaining schedule
in order to get in people are saying right now the cutoff is 95 points uh yes i think that they're
a team that definitely gets in i think that they they recover and they end up getting third in the division.
Whoa, really?
That's my prediction.
There's a lot of runway left here, a perfect time to get a new coach in.
Onus is now on the players.
I agreed with your assessment of bringing in that young goalie
to give him a chance.
Yeah, they ended up bringing up Picard, the older one,
and they're basically
just saying skinner it's your net now we didn't mention jack campbell yeah um you know that that
sucks man like and and yeah he's still making the same money and and that's that's great for him but
it's it's obvious that the guys you know he's lost his game as of right now and and who knows what's
going on with him so you just i i i went through waivers i didn't get picked up i didn't it's
tough like you was that a fake comment or a quote that i read where he actually thought his game was
in an okay place not fake not fake it's not so he he go when he got sent down he was surprised
and he thought his game was in an okay place and maybe with a few unfortunate bounces he thinks
that you know they're they're in a better Now, I don't mind that if he thinks that
and he still has that confidence going down.
Now, I would imagine that, you know,
when you go down to the American League
and I think he got shelled for four or five
in his first game down there.
Listen, I play with Jack Campbell.
I love him.
He was an incredible teammate,
an incredible person.
I've mentioned this before in the pod.
He was with the Dallas Stars organization,
came over in that trade to LA and with a guy named dusty emu who was the goalie coach down in the minors he regained his confidence in his game to the point where he was an ahl all-star i think
he was considered for goalie of the year i don't think he won it because peter budai won it for us
the year before but that was another guy that dusty emu had worked with so i don't know
if there's a way for them to get dusty back involved with help and jack and or if he can go
down there and reinstill and find his confidence on his own but like i said you never same goes
for woodcroft you never want to see a guy get fired and then you ever want to see a guy go
through trials and tribulations just like the way that jack campbell is especially when you're kind of front news front page news in canada yeah and in in fairness to him skinner was worse than him
but skinner would have got claimed if they tried to write down with his age right so it was more
like all right well we got to get rid of one of them and and campbell being older and they they
they chose him but he's probably looking at it like well i was better than
he was but that's that's not how this league works so uh i yeah i i feel really bad for him and i'm
rooting for him and i hope he finds his game down there and is able to come back up so that would be
ideal for him and his career at least he's making the same dough though or more also our reed wilkins
edmonton reporter he said the others might be kicking the tires on Jordan Biddington.
He would have to approve any trade.
He's got a no trade clause for this season.
It becomes a modified no trade clause next season,
but that doesn't help Edmonton right now.
He's got three years left at 6 million.
But who's Edmonton going to trade with?
So here's the problem now for Edmonton.
They're all in.
They're as all in as they'll ever be, right?
There's no waiting at this
point like you got to get into the playoffs this year get in and you never know so they're going
to have to make moves well to bring in somebody like that or anyone really with a decent size
contract you're going to have to move out Campbell okay well then you're talking you got to move out
Campbell with a first round pick or another play like you're going to be paying people to get rid
of Campbell with future assets and stuff and now I guess you do going to be paying people to get rid of Campbell with future assets
and stuff and now I guess you do have to just look like well draft picks don't matter if we
got to win now but they could really fuck themselves if they end up making a deal and
include a lot of draft picks and younger players just to get certain guys off the books to get
other people in because then if it doesn't work out well then you're screwed for the future as
well I was going to ask you this so sometimes you have to make a hard decision in this league if you could take one
other player on the roster to trade in order to get value back in an area that you think edmonton
seriously needs to address who is it i would imagine like darnell nurse like there's there's
no way you're moving that contract and i think think that when things even out, even if he is a little bit overpaid,
you still need reputable D-men back there
and guys who can play.
So him outside of the equation,
what player in that lineup could you see them
parting ways with in order to make a big trade
in order to shake things up?
Ryan Nugent Hopkins.
Hell of a player.
Last year was incredible.
Awesome on the power play. He could be a really
solid player for a Stanley cup contender too. But when I look at their team, he's expendable to me
a little bit. If you're getting help on D or if you're getting a goalie, because on D I look at
nurse, you ain't moving the deal. If you could ever move the deal, you look into it. You can't,
you'd have to end up eating money. It's just like, what he is he's not nearly as bad as people think he's overpaid
if he was making 6.2 million dollars nobody would complain that's my opinion at home you ain't
getting rid of him and i really like bouchard i think bouchard had tough start to the year he's a
he's going to be a very good nhl player for a long time those three guys all right then you look up
front you got hyman you got mcdavid you got leon you got all this well if you can get rid of nuge i don't
think the offense takes that big of a hit especially if connor brown could come back and like
get into the groove i don't even know what his injury status is but nuge could actually that
could get you something in return and so that's a guy where i'm like all right if i'm probably
because he's locked into a pretty good deal for some time too.
What's he make, 6 million?
5.125.
For how much longer?
Probably five years, four years.
Five years.
Wow, that's a tough one to give up.
I'm only making that.
But in looking, it's like you're desperate to bring some help in.
That's a guy who I think you could move and the offense might still,
well, they haven't this year,
but they could be buzzing even without him there.
And then if you're getting in a big defender
or a goalie, that's what the team needs.
I mean, listen, I know we've spent a lot of time
on Edmonton here, folks,
but they're the headline hogs.
We had Ottawa the last couple of weeks.
It's now the Edmonton headline hogs.
They've dethroned Ottawa.
And I guess the last thing i'll leave it with is i think that mcdavid still looks like he might be playing
not at 100 and even leon doesn't i'd say leon less looks less like himself than connor looks
like himself currently right now is that a fair statement and this isn't ragging on their game
they might be playing through shit it's just a lot of things have to go right for this team.
And right now, that's one component that's not clicking on all cylinders like last year
that was able to mask their deficiency, especially during the regular season.
If the losing continues, you think they shut Connor down?
That's up to him.
Yeah, if he's partly injured.
It's just hard because if he's not fully rested
and healed going into playoffs both of those guys i still don't think that they hold a chance so why
even bother with the regular season especially early on so once again folks they keep it pretty
tight-lipped this is all speculation just given off of the performance compared to last year
i'm assuming that either of these guys are dealing
with something uh also to hubble leon versus the media when he says oh great great observation does
he clap because you can hear a clap but you can't see his hands you know the clip i'm talking about
i don't know if it was him but but like hey was it specter you want to talk about spec oh spec
jesus christ spec was pissed i apparently. Let's roll the clip.
Are you?
I don't know.
I don't read your stuff, Speck.
So obviously I think Woodcroft probably had enough of Speck
for giving it to him.
I think Speck asked him after San Jose something like,
hey, tough question, but are you worried about your job?
And, you know, that probably pisses the coach off.
But he ended up mentioning in that clip,
I don't read your stuff, Speck. And memes put it up on our our chicklets and all of a sudden i got a text from him he was fuming
you're buying that bullshit you know all the losing coaches are reading the reporters
and and and everyone reads spec so i love this guy yeah he he was fuming um i said i said why
don't you come on the show tomorrow and he said he's actually flying as
we record so that what that wasn't able to work but the reporters have a job to do okay and i'm
going back to leon a little bit and it sucks in canada when you're losing and every single day
you're getting the same eight guys in your face asking the same question it sucks but he's so
disgusted quite often it's like i don't know
buddy like what do you think's gonna work better just trying to put on a good face and answer him
and i know it was a pretty stupid like it wasn't even a question i think that's why he said like
good statement or whatever but it's only gonna get worse because you start treating these reporters
like that more often than not they'll turn their ass on you quick and then it's
really hell yeah but i think leon probably looks at it like i'm going to light it up at some point
and then i'm not gonna have to answer to this bullshit so players that confident and in their
abilities probably look at it like just get out of my face but it can end up being absolutely
miserable if you get on the wrong side of those guys that's just how it works you got you got
spec asking you questions during this losing streak and then on the same week i drop a cologne
without you that's that's a tough week for leon oh road deep road to pine that could have been you
leon that could have been us buddy before we go any further pink whitney time we're out in socal
the pink whitney's been flowing last night big
interview with jason allison he said i need some pink whitney i've been hearing all about this
and we gave him two bottles so hopefully he's enjoyed it as everyone else does and i've been
bringing up this party the new york city trip the pink whitney bonanza if you think your friend is
the ultimate life of the party nominate them and you could win a Pink Whitney New York City trip.
One lucky winner will receive an epic New York City trip for them and three friends.
Imagine you and three buddies.
Imagine, you know, a foursome of girls on the Pink Whitney in New York City, ripping it up in the Big Apple.
It could happen.
You just need to go to PinkWhitney.com to enter your info.
And really, what's the word here?
Be energetic in what you're giving in.
Tell us why your friend is the life of the party.
Give us some examples of what they've done.
Tell us some stories of how fun they can be
when they're partying on the Pink Whit.
So get involved with that.
And there's 10 secondary prize winners.
We'll receive Pink Whitney party packs with everything you and your crew need to take your shot and throw the ultimate house
party. So like I said, nominate pinkwhitney.com, enter your info and how they always make the party
next level and get involved. Get to New York City on the Pink Whitney New York City trip.
And also head on over to your local bar and order some pink whitney shots on the rocks mix a little
soda water in doesn't matter we appreciate the sport pink whitney uh a guy what would he would
crop was arguing with a couple weeks ago your boy talk man he's got the canucks playing big time
rattled off five wins in a row before toronto cooled them off saturday night uh 10 3 and 1
they got 21 points uh one of four teams with double-digit wins. Only two teams have more points
than the Cuddocks right now. Elias Pedersen,
Whit, I believe you said if they're playing good, he'd be an
MVP candidate. He's got 25
points. What a call. 25 points
in 14 games. Well, I said
if they make the playoffs, he'll be in the final
three for the heart. Yeah. Right now.
Easily. Right now.
I mean, they could play close
to maybe a little better than 500 hockey
and get in the playoffs at this point.
That's how good their start's been.
I just love the clip I saw the other day.
Talk was talking about Pettersson and mentioned that he actually went
into his office after a game last week and said,
I need to apologize to you for my game tonight.
After a win.
It was after a win?
It was after a win, and he was win it was after a win and they were and
he was at that point i believe leading the league in scoring yeah so doesn't that make you rock hard
as a vancouver canucks fan oh that that guy is just so talented and he's so much faster than he
looks who are we talking about oh we interviewed alex calorn um great little sit down last night
so we'll bring that to you in the next couple weeks and we talked a lot about the ducks he mentioned leo carlson like when you're that big it doesn't necessarily on tv look
like you're going that fast and petterson's similar to that but he's flying and his vision
and his skill his shot is underrated just a true superstar and i think this year he's just so
confident he's a free agent too him and nlander these swedes pulling this off ufa
years that is just balls when some guys grip it a little too tight thinking i gotta have a big
season i would have been a mental midget this would have been absolutely don't text me on my
birthday he would have been losing it but pedersen right now so they have they have they have a mvp
candidate early on they have a norris trophy candidate. They have a Norris Trophy candidate.
Oh, my God.
That guy is so fun to watch.
And then they got Demko, who's a Vesna Trophy candidate.
When you have three players like that at three different positions,
it's the same Robertson, Heskinen, Ottinger argument for why Dallas is so good.
Although, I don't know.
What's Robertson up to?
What's his numbers?
But the Vancouver Canucks are a fun team to watch.
So Pasha hates the Canucks.
That's what we learned.
What?
Hates them, buddy.
The hometown kid?
This guy, last night, I was like, oh my God,
we triggered him.
Buddy, what do you mean not you?
Hates JT Miller, hates the Canucks.
You're supposed to fucking hate JT.
Hey, when you say you hate JT Miller,
that means he's doing his job right. Are you fucking kidding me? You don't think you hate the Canucks you're supposed to fucking hate JT hey when you when you say you hate JT Miller that means he's doing his job right you don't think you hate the Canucks I do not hate the oh my god
gee you went in it was us three last night I do not hate the Canucks at all what I hate is the
process because I feel like things had to get worse there before they get better to become a contender
I love Quinn Hughes I love Pedersen I think Kronik was a great ad do not like JT Miller. I think he has the worst body language in the league.
But I do not hate the Canucks.
I want to see them be successful.
I just think the way they went about their process.
Last night at dinner.
JT Miller might sucker you.
He's going to sucker you in Yale town if he sees you.
Last night at dinner, I said, I said, Pasha,
if the Vancouver Canucks won the Stanley Cup,
you would be the most upset person in that oh because
he was like because he started laughing he's like i know i know that's such a fucking what did he
say what did he say not that's such a lie no no it wasn't you didn't say i know i know but you
were laughing like like yes i know besides nico he sure raising the cup there's nothing i like
to see more than my boy quinn hughes raising the cup i would love to see the canucks do well i just don't i don't think they're as good as they're playing
right now and i don't think they're a cup contender that's a good argument to get into this
because the underlying he's actually so right now the canucks shooting what you're supposed to say
is posh is an analytic nerd he's an analytic genius some people may call him an analytic
genius nerd the vancouver this is actually the thing that really gets edmonton oilers fans going in terms of positivity right now the canucks if you add up
shooting percentage and save percentage are running away with number one like they are at crazy highs
on both regression to the mean is obvious at the same time the oilers are 32nd so it's like when
things are going that good or that bad.
You're basically describing puck luck.
Now, what is the shooting percentage for the Vancouver Canucks right now?
I have no idea, but I know it's the highest in the league.
Yeah, their PDO is first in the league by a mile, which basically says there's going to be a big regression.
So listen, the Canucks are better than I thought.
They're going to make playoffs, which I did not think was going to happen.
But by no means do I hate them, so don't fucking slander that,
throw me under the bus.
I'm not a fan of JT Miller, I will admit that.
But love Hughes, love Pedersen, Pronix are great.
Demko is one of the best goalies in the league.
I hope to see them win the Cup.
I just don't think it's going to happen.
I guess I could somewhat agree with you on the body language from JT Miller,
but some guys have to play like that in order to try to get themselves going
for 80 and on an 82 game schedule.
I'm not saying sometimes you have to fake it,
but when you have to play that role,
the piece of shit out there,
it's hard to do for a full 82 games.
And I think he's that angry out there usually,
which,
which is fair,
but sometimes you kind of have to fake it till you make it because you can
only get your fucking nervous system firing so many games to legit hate and want to punish
the guy you're playing across some nights you maybe want a little bit easier because the body's
not feeling so good but through the first what 14 15 games that he's played this year he's he's
turned into a ryan kessler he's turned into one of the biggest pieces piece of shits to play against
and if all you
negatively have to say about him is that you don't like his body language i think that's a i think
that's a good thing coming from from a hater 21 points in 14 games for jt miller yeah and on top
of that he's shutting down other teams top lines like go back to the edmonton game and by the way
they beat edmonton three times now this year and he has put an absolute guillotine on on Connor McDavid to the point where last game Connor
McDavid got frustrated where he was ready to fucking didn't he didn't he lose his cool on him
he is he is overrated he is not that efficient five on five he's slow he's a power play merchant
he's unreal in the power play hell of a shot but he gets all of his points in the power play that
year he had 99 points half of them were secondary power play assists is of a shot. But he gets all of his points in the power play. That year, he had 99 points.
Half of them were secondary power play assists.
Is he a solid player?
Sure.
I'm just not a fan
and he's not as good
as people think he is.
Five on five,
he's not very good.
Wow.
I'll tell you,
chirping secondary assists
with me in the room
is a shot across the bow.
And I take that personally.
Why?
Because they count the same.
I don't even think
I ever had primary.
They count the same.
I love secondary assists. I never had one primary assist in my whole career. I hate Europe so don't even think I ever had primary. They count the same. I love secondary assists.
I never had one primary assist.
That's why I hate Europe so much.
It's impossible to get them.
Don't you be coming at secondary assists with me in the room, please.
That's all I have to say.
Don't be suing me for Canucks fans.
I live in that city.
I don't want to get suckered.
I know that's why you're wearing it.
I don't want to get suckered walking in the streets.
I would love to see Hughes and the Canucks win the cup.
I just don't think it's happening right now.
So, I mean, just to go through the whole lineup, I mean, Demko was a question mark coming in, see hughes and the canucks win the cup i just don't think it's happening right now so i mean
just to go through the whole lineup i mean demko was a question mark coming in uh given with the
injuries last year he's been stellar i would say that he's probably top five for vesna right now
quinn hughes has to be in the top three so he's number one by a mile number one ahead of kale
mccarran just from a point production standpoint and dominance and and i know posh is the analytical guy like every single number forget just the points quinn hughes is like the most dominant
player in the league right now so it's it's he would be running away with the norris if the
season ended november 15th but hey other guy in vancouver and i don't know what ended up happening
in toronto i think they couldn't afford all mckay mckeah he's nasty he's so quick fast and he had
the acl so i think was that last year the year before like i know he was coming back from injury
but he's he's got his game going so they have like defensive players kuzimenko they're just
they're i what i enjoy most is they're fun to watch they're bringing it offensively they got
a great power play so it's it's it's good for talkic talk it and he was uh he was
chirping uh woodcroft from the bench the other night too when they played i think they caught
him calling him a little baby when he was going for the ref well i think that that was a clip that
was cut to ensuing that he was saying that when they were bitching about the fact that they were
putting out their pp1 when they were spanking them late in the game and they ended up scoring
on that power play as well so that's what i think that woodcroft was poopy pants about but sometimes when they cut
those clips you never know at what point in the game it was being used so um but we talked about
this also before the season started boys was that coaching staff they brought in uh rick talkett
uh they have um adam foot mike yo gonchar sergey gonchar the sadeen boys are helping out with power They have Adam Foote, Mike Yo, Gonchar. Sergei Gonchar.
The Sedin boys are helping out with power play and working with guys one-on-one.
So collectively as a group, they have everybody bought in.
And we all know if you have a great core
and everybody's firing all cylinders,
that doesn't necessarily mean everything.
It's the other role players that they have bought in as well
who have seemed to have stepped up
and are having uh way better
years especially than last year like you you mentioned the defenseman tyler myers yeah he
looks way better so see from seattle looks incredible and just really i mean brock besser
coming in i think it's his contract year two he's off to a hot start so really everybody's going and
i think after the initial seven eight games everyone, everyone's like, whoa, I'll pump the brakes here.
It's still early.
I think the sample size is large enough
for the Vancouver Canucks.
They're for real.
They're going to make playoffs
and they could end up doing some damage.
So my original philosophy was exactly like Pasha's.
I thought they were pushing the chips in too early
and they were ruining this rebuild,
but they're in win now mode and I respect it.
Wait, when we were at dinner last night,
Witt went around the table and said, is your stanley cup winner pick right now and when you went to ra ra you said the vancouver canucks yeah yeah i definitely did yeah yeah i don't know
yeah no i definitely remember saying it but i mean we talked about vesna norris and hot but we're
also going to talk jack adams for your boy talk too man he's up there. I think he was 20-1 odds going into the beginning of the year.
He's my leader in the clubhouse.
What he's done with that team, they didn't make that team
over. They just brought a new coach in and he's getting the same
he's getting this out of what previous
coaches were doing. I would ask you guys this. What other
team has surprised you more
than the Vancouver Canucks? And I would
say nobody so far for me.
Bruins.
The Bruins. But the bruins already had established
a winning culture yeah we knew that they would be fine despite losing their two first centermen
boys i didn't know that it's all about the culture i mean what's happened to new jersey
all of a sudden since they've lost their top two centers they don't know what the fucking do they
don't have a pot to piss in they're lost out there i would say y'all boys uh the desert dogs
biz arizona coyotes i mean they're in a playoff position still
a couple weeks in the season, so I think they're
a pretty big surprise. There's another one for you.
Not just a polishing off. Another team
doing good, the Rangers. They've been the hottest
team in the East, points in nine straight games,
eight of which were wins. Only the B's have more
points in the East, and they've done it well. The number
one goalie, Shesterkin's been dinged up a little
bit, and the number one D man, Adam Fox, he's been
hurt as well.
10-2-1, 21 points.
Has him three points ahead of Carolina with two games in hand.
They are playing today, Sunday, which we are recording on Sunday.
First season since 89-90 that the Rangers have had three goaltenders record wins in the team's first 13 games.
Unusual that that happens.
How about Johnny Quick, though?
I know we mentioned it before.
3-0-1, 9 30 and 1935 save percentage 177
goals against with a shutout and the bread man terry panarin on fire all season 22 points in 13
games tied for third nhl points he's got 10 more points than the next guy on the team chris cryer
so they probably got a little more scoring from the depth but which which are taking the ranges
thus far um i first want to go to biz and and he wouldn't give up. They're Fugazis, they're Fugazis.
And then I tune into TNT and all of a sudden,
they're the for realsies.
Like there's a lot of flip-flopping on this team for you.
And I don't really understand it.
Well, I mean, I think that they've had an incredible start
and then they lose two of their best players
and they continue to win.
I think LaViolette's done an awesome job.
Now, if you go back to the numbers,
a lot of still
giving up east to west high danger scoring chances in which shisterkin has put a band-aid on early in
this year uh we knew that that was going to happen it always happens the guys probably as we speak
right now uh outside of other handful of guys he's the best goalie in the world right can we all agree
on that uh the number one thing that sticks out and and when they were playing shitty defensively but yet still winning games
laviolette called them out he called them out before that game they ended up having on tnt i
think they played detroit detroit didn't have a great effort but they cleaned things up without
fox in the lineup and without shisterkin and they end up and he does out and he does as well so they
end up collecting those two points so it's always nice to to already have that confidence in winning when your coach
can call you out to say hey clean things up and if they do they look very dangerous to for a team
not to be rattled when a majority of your offense from the back end is created by one player and
then he's taken out of the lineups and you don't look any different and you you're able to keep winning to me that's extremely impressive on top
of that you're you're you're number one string goalie so i think that him making those comments
was part and due to the fact it's like if we don't have shusterkin and we're letting up all these
high quality scoring chances because we want to open things up and play that east to west game
we're gonna we're to teeter off here.
But he got ahead of it.
And overall, the team just looks raring to go.
We talked about how good their back end was.
There's a lot of guys there that maybe not the biggest names,
but they can get the job done.
And it's looked pretty impressive so far, Woody.
Yeah, Kreider deserves a ton of respect.
I mean, he had the 50 goal season,
then he kind of dropped down, still got 36 last year. He's already got nine in 13 games. Like
he is just a power forward, man. When you're playing with a guy like that, whether you're
a defenseman or on his line, you just know he's going to the net hard. You know, he's going to
get sticks on everything. He's a monster. The guy's strong as an ox. He's fast as hell. So it's
like that's a player who every night LaViolette knows what he's getting. the guy's strong as an ox he's fast as hell so it's like that's a player
who every night laviolette knows what he's getting that is so valuable to a team when every night
you're like i'm not worried about his effort tonight i'm not worried about his decision
making he's just gonna be in front of the net for checking his dick off now also gustafson coming
over he was sick for the capitals last year toronto brought him over did were they scratching
him in the playoffs or was he hurt uh they had like seven or eight d going uh i think that at
one point he was a scratch he played two games and they you know he only played two there was a
revolving door with so with the d man he looks great yeah he does you know and i think that's
a huge guy with fox out to be able to pick up offensively a little bit because like he's
yeah he's got nine
points at 13 games this year for the rangers so like that's a pretty good move by them surprisingly
this is without wheeler doing a ton this is without kako doing anything kako kako might be
as posh as posh is the biggest kako hater he's like i don't know if this guy has it but bright
side the frenies looked good right he's playing more minutes he's playing on a top line
he's getting chances he's like all right that's the guy remember we talked about both of them
needing to step up well one of them has and the team's got enough with panarin lighting it up
and with the goaltending they're getting they're they're for realsies like i i don't think you're
able to go back again and call them fugazis but you will you mean they flip-flop like crazy it's
just they don't really flip flop though what are you
what are you talking about last year they were good and then they lost in the first round where
they didn't look great and then this year they're good like there's not much they do they do flip
flop because if from my understanding last year in playoffs as a series war war on against new
jersey their power play stopped working what do you think's working right now they have a top five
power play in the league and that's putting a lot, that's taking a lot of stress off the fact that they're giving up all these high quality danger chances and that they're giving up some goals. Their power play saving them some nights. You just mentioned Kreider. How many of those goals are net front tip-ins on the power play? So good for them that their high end talent's going and everything's working good and their defense are kicking regardless of the injuries that they have right now they're the for realsies this thing can change
on a fucking dime guys come on now we know these guys it's the Jekyll and Hyde show I'm gonna give
more likely to win I'm gonna give credit where it's due and then all I do is get shit on for it
hey at least I'm not jumping off the fucking Leafs bandwagon buddy you have 15 teams bro you don't
even have to jump off the bandwagon teams I got hold on hold on I got who's more likely to win the Stanley Cup the Leafs or the
Rangers the Leafs oh my god playoff time buddy that's crazy what do you mean it's crazy want
to make a bet sure who goes deeper I think yeah yeah do it sure we could think about think about
a good one. All right.
But I got the Leafs.
I got the LA Kings who are humming as well,
although they did lose to the Philadelphia Flyers.
Yeah, they were due for a loss.
I'm partly on the Ottawa Senators bandwagon,
and of course, I love my desert dogs.
So those are the four teams rolling right now.
We had a couple of trades, too.
Well, actually, Minnesota made two trades.
They've been struggling.
5-7-2 out of the gate.
Haven't come out like gangbusters.
Three points back on the second wild card.
So they obtained 33-year-old defenseman Zach Bogosian from Tampa.
They get up to seventh in 2025.
He's in the last year of a three-year deal.
850 average. Culture move.
850K.
He's only 32.
Been around forever.
Played for Atlanta.
Yeah.
And then they sent defenseman Kalen Addison to San Jose
for a forward Adam Raska, who was sent down to the minor league team in a fifth rounder in 26.
I mean, Minnesota right now, 17.3 power plays, 20 in the league. Their penalty killing is atrocious.
68.2 percent. 31st in the league. How much is this trade going to help them if at all? I mean,
Bogosian should toughen them up in the back end but they seem to have bigger problems than just that yeah and i have a hard time being being hard on the wild
they have 14 and a half million dollars to zet ryan suiter and zach parisi so like the fact that
garen's even made them a good team with that much cap space being eaten up by guys on other teams
or not even in like playing for them that's that's pretty impressive to me I look at the wild like just to get through this cap hell that's like the goal and then they
run and then the caps going up so I'm more looking to the wild for the next few years I do understand
fan bases they want to get stuff going they've been super inconsistent I mean the coach hasn't
been happy with like the basically overall consistency, right? They play great one game.
The next game, they look brutal.
So I think to get Bogosian in there, it's not necessarily something that he's not going to play 20 minutes a night.
But being a champion and being in the room and haven't played in the league that long, that's like a Billy Guerin type move.
Like we just need a little bit better.
Not saying their culture is bad, but like just a little more veteran help in here for the room.
It's a Luke Shen type pickup.
Yeah.
And I'm so happy for Pat Maroon.
He's looked awesome there.
Everyone keeps counting him out.
He continues to, he's producing too, and he's doing a great job.
I just think that they have, without that 14 and a half million, you could have some
solid players playing for you with that much dough.
So it's just to me, this isn't the time for the wild yet that's coming in the next couple years i still think they'll make the playoffs
but they gotta somehow figure out how to score goals with with what they have it's such a shame
too because i feel like they have one of the more underrated decors in the league yeah under
appreciated i feel like they have the goaltending i like flurry as a backup in that gustafson as as
a starter and you know during the season it's usually it's probably going to be like a 50 30 split if
not who knows if flurry's kicking which he's been pretty solid so far this year it could be a 50 50
net but that 14 million holding them back but where you also brought up a good point and part
of the reason um i think it was at dinner last night part of the reason that you're considering
for jumping on their bandwagon
is one of the best prospect pools
in all of the NHL right now.
And they got this Faber kid on D who's looking great.
Probably a reason why they're bringing in Bogosian.
And we had Chelly on the TNT broadcast the other night.
They actually brought Chelly in
because Bogosian was a top pick for the Atlanta Thrashers.
So they brought him in to try to nurture him as well.
He goes, I don't know if it worked out so well
considering we were out drinking pops every afternoon after practice,
but I would imagine Faber's maybe on the protein shake diet
as opposed to the Bud Heavies or, in our case, the Big Deal Brews.
But overall, it's a very good team,
and I think that with all this early season,
the analytical numbers of bad penalty kill,
okay power play, this and that,
I think this is something that could easily turn around.
And also, I think we can agree,
weakest division in hockey in the Central.
So in my opinion, I think they easily chew up that third spot.
Two great teams, and then you're right
i see what you're saying but this position i mean this game it's goaltending and i've been on the
rant about edmonton and i've been on the rant like if you don't have a goalie you're screwed
well minnesota is not getting goaltending okay so like that's what's crazy is you can't really
predict the position either like philippe gustafson signs the deal this summer right a three-year deal he was awesome last year he's horrible right now horrible so it's like
you the hardest part is like you just don't know year in and year out what you're gonna get from
goalies besides a few you got shusterkin and you got sorokin and you got vasileski and there's like
a couple guys you know but then everyone else it's like year to year they could be great they
could be bad so they could be bad.
So they thought Gustafson was going to come in,
run with what he did last year.
Dude, right now, he's a 4.64 goals against
and an 872 save percentage.
So what happened?
We just gave you this deal.
It's like, that's why I think so many teams run into trouble
because year in and year out,
you don't know what's coming from a lot of these goalies.
And I guess that's just part of the game nowadays.
Mark Andre for,
he did get a win this past week.
He's now four behind Patrick Woffa,
second all time.
And nice moment for Minnesota.
I know it's been a rough ride.
So far,
Vinny Letieri,
he got his first goal.
That was awesome.
His grandfather,
Lou Nanny in the booth.
That was pretty,
pretty good stuff,
man.
If you haven't caught that,
give it a whirl.
Awesome.
All right,
before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at game time what's up there gang we're out here in southern california
we've been taking advantage of game time big time i got hooked up with some tickets to the old ducks
shock sunday night can't wait to go check out the ducks once again probably gonna see them again
when they're back in boston man because game time hooks it up baby you shouldn't have to worry about
tickets for your big events because game time always takes care of you it's the fast and easy way to buy tickets for
all the sports music comedy and theater events near you you're not a sports guy no big deal
always a show coming to town whether you're down in new york city back in boston wherever game time
takes care of you with last minute tickets they got flash deals they got zone deals it's so easy
to find and buy tickets boom couple
taps boom couple seconds you're all set with game time right now the flash deals are sponsored deals
for football basketball baseball concerts theaters and more tons of those out there you also get zone
deals this is crazy you pick the section game time picks the seats and you average 18 savings
good stuff there and they also have the Game Time Guarantee.
Means you always get the best price.
If you find tickets in the same section and row for less, get this.
Game Time will credit you 110 of the difference.
Not 100, 110.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with Game Time.
Download the Game Time app, create an account,
and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off.
Download GameTime today.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.
Another defenseman that could be on the move,
Calgary defenseman Nikita Zadorov.
He's requested a trade from Cal calgary a pending unrestricted free
off the market leafs are grabbing him okay he makes three and three point seven five mil he's
still just 28 years old he'd be a great pickup for any team but you think the leafs end up getting
him uh like my my my heart and me dreaming wants to believe that the leafs are going to end up
getting tan of and zadorov on a buddy buddy pass from Craig Conroy to his old pal Brad
Treeliving.
That's something that I've just made up in my mind and I'm set on it.
And who knows, with the way that Calgary is trending right now and the fact that they
probably are looking to be sellers, what if maybe they send Markstrom over too?
Who knows, right?
Maybe all of a sudden the Leafs get that star goaltender and and a guy who was a an all-star
at some point i don't want to say he's lost his game because their overall team hasn't looked
great but fuck would that be nice to see martin boys i love it bastard in toronto zdorov if i'm
a stanley cup contender man oh i want that guy on my team that guy is a machine he's a monster he
had 14 goals last year so you know he's got
the cannon from the point he'll hit anything that moves he's willing to fight not the fastest guy
but with his size and his like ability like that guy if you bring him onto a stanley cup contender
and he's playing like 17 18 minutes a night pk and maybe second power play who knows maybe not
but fuck dude that guy that guy could change a team.
And it's just the size.
And that hit he threw on, who did he hit in Toronto?
Bertuzzi.
Oh, my God.
So he's going to have a lot of suitors.
They basically, at the end of the year, if things don't really go well,
even if they do, you got to think after the deadline, he's gone.
Hannafin's gone. after the deadline he's gone hannifin's gone and tanev's
gone and and those are three defensemen that could all help any contender so where they end up nobody
knows but all three of them i'd want on my team so so we know that zadorov having a career year
last year was a and even the year before it was a massive sutter fan right so all of a sudden he
left there was i think the room was divided on half the guys
who liked the way that Sutter approached the game
and how intense he was.
The other half weren't.
This year, he ends up coming out and calling out the team,
saying, you know, Sutter's not here anymore.
What are you guys going to bitch about now?
Now he's requested a trade.
How does that impact the locker room?
How do you feel like him having to go back in there and a guy,
not that I take anything away from him and his game,
but like of that stature.
He's a fifth, sixth defenseman, in my opinion,
on a Stanley Cup winning team, right?
What do you make of a guy like that going in saying,
I want to trade and his teammates are made aware of it.
Now he has to go in the locker room and the flames aren't just going to get rid of him for nothing they're
going to have to sit there and and see what type of propositions are going to get coming their way
because he does add value if he's there for another month two months all the way even maybe
close up to the deadline like how uncomfortable is that for the whole team no yeah that's a great
question i was just trying
to think if i was ever on a team where a guy requested a trade um and nothing's popping to
mind i don't think penner ever did in edmonton his name was just always out there same with hemski
um i don't know man when in the end it comes up it comes down to guys show up to the rink and they
have to do their job and it's like once you start worrying about other people like that's your place suffers you're all of a sudden you're dropping down the lineup so
when you get on right like when you get on the ice and and maybe if you disagree with Zdorov
and you're pissed off that he wanted to get traded like and you see him open it's like you're not
not gonna pass it to him right so like I don't know within the team and the culture in the room
what it does but the game starts and nothing's changing you're playing your dick off you're
making the right play you're backing up guys you're defending your teammates
so i i don't think it it does that much now there could be a guy who's who's bummed out about or
pissed off but my sense would be it's like all right well he doesn't want to be here but you
know he's in the lineup for us like it's just it's hockey so that part of the business is weird i i
just don't remember ever being a part of a a trade request and then the guy still being around for a while because there's some awkwardness to it
but it's not going to change that much in in the same breath his cap hit is not that high and he's
clearly a guy that would add value to it to a stanley cup team so do you think that this hurts
the return for the calgary flames or improves it because now more teams are interested and aware of what's going on?
I think if anything, it would hurt it a little bit.
Although the only way it would help it
is if now that the request is out there
and they have more offers coming in
because everyone's aware.
So all of a sudden you can compete offer against offer.
Hey, listen, I got seven teams calling.
Like you're not even close right now.
And maybe that there is more teams involved because they're all well aware.
Although when I think,
when I think GM start shopping guys,
even if he hadn't made the request public,
they're calling every team or sending a memo.
Hey,
how do they,
how do they do that?
They send like a fax or something.
I think some,
someone said there's a GM text chain and that they just fuck what i love to get added on the
gm imagine you on there do you like anyone want a new cologne i got some t-shirts in my my trunk
if you guys are interested uh if we're on the flames too uh just when you thought it couldn't
get any darker and depressing for hubert oh he ends up sitting in that third period the other
night and that scene from the the bench looking at him with it i was like really sad i was sad i would i and you said it first to me on
a text but you start wondering about mental health and and you know this guy has not played well since
he came over to the flames i think his heart was in florida i think he loved being there it was
probably crushing to get traded well it was crushing we knew that and then maybe looking back now he rushed into signing right he signed pretty
quick he signed right after the deal as opposed to being there playing the year out how do you
turn down 80 million that's the thing like i'm getting offered 80 million what if i got hurt
this year there's a lot of question marks but now to see a guy like that who isn't in sunny florida
who's in a hockey market in canada who's playing like shit who's does he's a shell of himself and
then the head down on the bench like man i wonder how this guy's doing mentally because this is not
easy and there are people out there furious at me right now he's making 10 and a half million
fuck you i i understand that and i
understand people who don't feel bad from but i i was i was in his shoes harrelson meme i was in
his what's that one the one where he's crying with the money i usually say it every podcast now yeah
okay so that's your thing um that's like when you sing i will remember you every third pod um i just
i i do feel i can't help but feel bad for him and and i was i was
a one 500th of the player he was but i was making good money and living in canada playing like shit
it's it's it's it wears you down man i i told the story once when in at the lowest of my lows
in edmonton my dad came he came to visit and i was actually living at jason strudwick's house
and um he wasn't
there.
Like his family, I think he was still playing or in Europe or something, but I lived there
and my dad came over and he's like, right.
He used to be such a happy kid.
You love the game.
And like, I just, you're, you're just not yourself.
You're like so upset and depressed.
And I remember breaking down.
I, I, I, I said, I, I can't play anymore.
I like all these fans hate me it's it that's where
i i understand fans not wanting to hear it but like they're humans too and this guy is making
a ton of money and he's catching heat from all over the league and it wears you down and and
the thing is when you get benched you try to sit there and you try to sit on the bench and let's
go boys great shift great shift but like it hit him that night man the head down thing that's that's tough to see because you know like he's probably close
to breaking down right there on the bench so you just feel bad for a guy i hope for his sake he
can figure it out i don't know if he'll ever be that player again though it's the foot speed
although cadre's not the fastest player in the world and he's really picked up his game so
let's hope he can figure it out and find something.
But as of right now, that looks like a disaster of a signing.
Yeah, I mean, in Calgary, there's no player on that team that has double-digit points.
Mangia Pani leads right now, four goals, four assists for eight points,
actually tied with Lindholm.
I mean, that's pretty pathetic.
And Lindholm's a UFA.
Yeah, that's pretty pathetic just for a team.
And as far as Hubert, though, yeah, he was benched for the third period
versus the Preds Tuesday, 14 14 24 his time of ice uh his last benching in the third period
way back in 2019 in a florida 5-1 lost to pittsburgh he had 1907 next game but he was
back down to 13 28 and saturday's loss in ottawa he's got 7 points 14 games like you said first
year of an eight year 84 million dollar deal he's got a no move clause for the first six so
i don't know i mean he i don't know if he's going to be wanting to go anywhere i mean he could never teams i gotta be
yeah they're gonna be beating down the door probably the worst spot to be in for an organization
or especially a fan like cal they haven't even started tanking yet but it's heading downhill
right so all of a sudden you got to shut up like ship out all the assets and then you still have
to make sure you draft properly so if things are
headed the way we think calgary's probably another five to seven years away from being uh somewhat of
a contender and and for uberdo it's like oh my god florida's good which shout out to florida oh
we're doing this without without ekblad and without montour yeah they're they're playing
some good hockey and he's seeing that and he's like, oh my God,
I got all this money, but I'm bad right now.
The team's going to be bad.
It's a tough spot, man.
Tough spot.
He should pull off the Alex McGilney
and just live in Florida and come back for games in Calgary.
Alex McGilney was playing in Albany with the River Rats.
And I think, so he walks in the coach's office and he says,
how much is the fine for missing practice?
And I think the coach is like, oh, 250.
So he came back with a check written for all the practices for the rest of the season
and just slapped it on the coach's desk and said, yeah, I'll be in New York with my family.
I'll show up for games.
You're talking about your Leafs, 8-5-2, 18 points, tied for second in the Atlantic.
They beat Vancouver 5-2 Saturday night,
Saturday night, third win in four games.
But your boy Revo, man,
they've been struggling with him out there.
I should say they've been outscored 11-0
when he's on the ice.
Yeah, that's the elephant in the room
for the Leafs right now.
The fans are on him.
That's a tough spot to be in, man,
because normally Leafs fans are getting on
maybe the overpriced guy who's...
They always get D, they got a D man
they love yeah I mean Klingberg seemed to be the guy uh well it's kind of still is but uh Revo what
is he dash 11 right now no points and that fourth line had really been struggling from like an
analytic perspective from any type of numbers perspective from giving up goals perspective so
um it's tough too because when he came in like he came in hot like there was
a lot of media surrounding it i think everybody was happy with the new image leafs adding that
toughness so hey well i don't think everyone was though and i didn't really realize that but there
was a large portion of leafs fans that weren't happy with the signing i would say overall like
a strong percentage of the fan base was happy with the new look leafs from adding
Domi Bertuzzi and Reeves especially from the Domi and Reeves perspective or Domi Bertuzzi's
perspective where it didn't seem like that much of a of a future investment right like Revo's got
three years on his deal two years left after this one where keep in mind it's a million and a half
bucks he can go back and
find his game if i'm him i chill out with the social media and all the fun stuff like he did the
the pop out of the garbage for halloween i would probably avoid doing all that type of stuff
because i know when like i wasn't playing good in arizona sometimes they would still pepper me to
ask me to do stuff like that and i'm like listen now i just can't put the clown suit on right now
like i'm struggling and and wins matter and i don't really feel like leading reading online underneath
the comment section of us having fun like worry about your fucking team and winning some games
right so um but aside from that uh the the leafs last week the issue was the overall team defense
and keith addressed keith addressed it in the post-game press
conference and you guys love to to praise all this offense and the high fly scoring but like
look at us we're in fucking shambles as far as a defensive structure mode now some people might say
well you're the fucking coach fix it but this is in some cases a personnel problem with you know
the maybe the lack of depth on d them having to go out and sign
a guy like klingberg where he's a liability in his own end that's we knew that coming in but it's not
even just the fact that he's not good defensively it's the effort that he's showing defensively
he's he's not protecting the house at all he's softer than puppy shit he doesn't close off time
and space he doesn't gap well and he ain't even fucking walking the line and sniping right now which is what he what he needed
to bring but uh what was the stat all right first seven home games of the season for the leafs they
allowed four plus goals um you guys can look that up i ended up quote tweeting it but it's just an
embarrassing start especially at home defensively for them but that game against vancouver they
looked a lot better yeah they didn't give up many shots at all didn't give up many shots samsonov
had a solid game down to one after the first two yes uh one guy that i want to talk about that we
haven't had the chance to he's now played four games since being recalled is this nick robertson
and yep he's dealt with a shit sandwich as far as injuries uh he has spent time up with the leafs
uh back down with the marlies kind of that fucking you know the what do you call that the rotating
door it is time for nick robertson to get the rest of the season and see what he has every time he's
out there he's working his bag off he doesn't stop moving his feet and his offensive upside
playing with skilled players is starting to show as well.
So from the fourth line to the top line in that game against Vancouver, that's the Maple Leafs that we know.
Tyler Bertuzzi, since being called out for the lack of reaction with the whole Marshawn incident, he's looked a lot better like himself.
I said it was going to take 20 games to get him emotionally invested, and that was just the reality of it.
I said it was going to take 20 games to get him emotionally invested,
and that was just the reality of it.
Max Domi, he ends up going after his buddy, Luke Shen,
in that game in Vancouver.
Like that, to me, is the Max Domi that the Toronto Maple Leafs need. When he's playing like a little ball of hate,
that's when he's at his best.
That's the sandpaper that we were promised in the offseason
that was being
brought in with him Bertuzzi and Reeves so more of what we saw against Vancouver the shun is signing
in Toronto there's going to be no coach getting fired there's going to be no players being fucking
traded we're good to go we're rolling and when I'm going to hand it over to you for the Swedish guy
Nylander from an unbiased perspective this guy is fucking firing
on all cylinders he is the common man in toronto too he's taking the subway to games he is electric
right now he's an incredible player um he's obviously probably at a confidence level the
highest he's ever been he doesn't seem like somebody who ever lacks confidence which is
pretty impressive i always was impressed by guys who no matter what,
they're like, I'm unreal, I'm nasty.
But yeah, he's just creating plays.
And when he comes to the neutral zone with speed,
you know there's a chance coming for the Leafs.
So I love watching him play.
I would love to know if you could ever get Leafs Nation,
like who would you rather have
if you couldn't have them both, Marner or Nylander?
And I don't know what's going to happen.
He's now what, going to get over 10?
I mean, if Huberto got that.
How's he not?
If you're looking at, what do they call the guys who-
Comps.
Comps.
Nylander's going to get 10 to 11, 10 and a half to 11 and a half million a year.
The Leafs can't pay him.
So it's like, can they end up making a move? I think Marner has a no move clause. So what did Ajo get, 10 and a half to 11 and a half million a year. Like the Leafs can't pay him. So it's like, can they end up making a move?
I think Marner has a no move clause.
So what did Ajo get?
10 and a half?
Nine and a half.
But he could have got more in the open market.
I understand.
I would say that I would pay him up to about 10 and a half million.
And that's where I would start.
The Leafs can't.
They can't.
Well, they're going to, well, they can.
They're just going to have to figure out how.
But if they had, if they had 56 million with five players they you're well they've been they've been doing that
from yeah they've never won they've been doing that from a percentage standpoint they can't do
what are you gonna do i don't know but what i'm saying is you can't like how are they going you'd
have to get rid of someone you can't 56 million to five guys if it's a hypothetical question i think 95
percent of leaf fans especially right now recency bias would be okay getting rid of marner now the
problem is though his no move clause kicked in this past summer so is mitch marner gonna agree
to fucking get you know wave that no not a chicken dick's chance right but you would have to then get back an
enormous return where you kind of solidify your goaltending and you hope to at least add a really
good depth forward and a top four defenseman if you're getting rid of Marner if you have to address
you have to address your needs if you're moving on from that and and I and I hate to say it because
I think he's electric between between
nylander marner and matthews they've they have had really no issues so far this year people
were bitching about the chemistry between marner and matthews but that's just leaf fan nonsense
no they'll always be fine together looking for looking for something to kick up dust on there's
way bigger fish to fry but i mean i asked you about edmonton and you said nuge and you you
know it's hard it's hard to pick a guy but i think that most people would concede and say marner
i think la would make a lot of sense they have a ton of prospects quentin byfield they have they
could i don't think mitch marner fits in with the way that the la kings play hockey from more of a
freelance perspective i think that they're more in that
we're gonna we're gonna derive offense from playing good defense and remaining strong and
structured through the middle of the ice so i don't see that and with the with how byfield's
playing like byfield might end up being a point per game winner winner or what is it 20 21 he is
and he looks unreal i know we're kind of hopping around here
but uh is there is there any team that you think mitch marner would accept to trade to toronto kid
but i said la because in my head i'm like oh well la yeah where would you want to live and be um
yeah i think that that's yeah that would probably be the one place i could see him ending up the
only problem is is so
you can't like i don't know if they'll be able to sign neil under this season but they're never
trading them they're trying to win the stanley cup but if they don't sign him this year then
he hits the market it's it's it's an interesting it's an it's going to be a crazy couple months
to see what ends up happening with this team but they they looked great Saturday night. I'm done with the Leafs right now, though.
I'm just jealous that Biz has his one team.
Yeah, I mean, Willie, 15 games scored in all games so far.
He's only two guys with more points than right now, Kucherov and Pedersen.
So he's been unreal.
Biz, a lot of tummy sticks this week.
I know how big you are on the tummy sticks.
We have Marc-Andre Fleury and Louis Domingue talking before the game.
I guess they were saying, Marc-Andre Fleury was saying,
it's very rare that they have two French guys going against each other
in the NHL these days, whether goaltender or not.
Go back 20 years ago, that's not the case,
where I feel like at one point, French-Canadian goaltenders ran the show.
That was their world.
Yeah.
Where now it's transferred over maybe to Finland, Sweden.
For a while, then the Swedesedes um i mean basilevsky
and this is the raw like the russian goalies russian goalies for sure now gee maybe google
this right now american goalies from a nationality perspective uh how many throughout the course of
the league like who's leading the way is it sweden has the most nhl goaltenders there's what 64 well it started it was it was
broder it was wah it was luongo it was flurry and yeah forever it was like you find a stud
goalie in the quebec league and yeah things have changed a little bit but that was cool for flurry
to say that to him obviously louis domingue hasn't i mean when was the last time he's in the nhl
dude he had first first time he played 18 months and he got the win yeah he said because mark
andrew said let's give him a show tonight and it's domingo that i'm getting the win so
percentage of active nhl goalies by nationality canada 34.1 united states 22.3 russia 14.1 and
then finland 8.9 okay i wonder how many of those canadian goaltenders are french canadian now
yeah that's like that's i guess that's the one question.
Based upon how the league averages out.
Is Talbot French-Canadian?
Cam Talbot?
That's a great question.
I don't know.
Also, Adam Fantilli telling Tyler Sagan at the Faceoff Circle,
he remembered when he brought the Steely Cup to Toronto,
then he beat him on the draw.
So, a little whacking.
He's a whippersnapper, kids.
He's not.
He's not.
He's from Ontario. Okay. Also, we had Corey Perry, well, well before the draw. So little whacking these whippersnapper kids. He's not. He's not. He's from Ontario. Okay.
Also had Corey Perry. Well,
well before the game. Big time
tummy sticks going on at the bench. I mean, he was holding
court there. He could look like he had a different. I mean,
he was like everyone gather around. Grandpa got a
story to tell. He had all the lightning around the
bench. He had the hat on backwards. But I mean,
just I think I was just indicative of how much of a
well-liked teammate he was. And of course, he got
the salute, you know, first came back in Tampa.
They had him up in the Jumbotron.
Witt's got a bit of a gripe with this, and I can't.
Not necessarily that one.
No.
But a lot of them, yeah.
I've said this on Chicklets like five times.
The big scoreboard announcement of the returning players.
I will remember you.
It's gone.
It's jumped the shark a little bit.
It used to be you played 10 years somewhere. Right, yeah. And then now it's like every's jumped the shark a little bit it used to be you played 10 years somewhere
and then now it's like every single guy gets one if they played a year or two it's like welcome
home so but perry they went to the cup final we'll sing it with me then twice no i will
already you want to what i will remember you it's nice to have not like sick animals when people hear this song.
You will remember me.
Pretty good voice.
One more biz before we throw it over to our interview.
Tony D'Angelo and Austin Watson decidedly not playing tummy sticks.
Reverse tummy sticks.
Reverse tummy sticks.
Carolina Tampa.
You don't see this too much anymore.
Guys, you know, crossing over that red line during warm-ups,
antagonizing the other team.
It was nice to see.
Refreshing for a little team factor. Well, there was a day, biz, back if you crossing over that red line during warmups, antagonizing the other team. It was nice to see. Refreshing for...
Well, there was a day,
Biz, back in...
If you crossed the red line
in the 80s warmups,
you're catching a sucker puck
to the temple.
I like sucker puck.
Sucker puck.
I remember, like,
not knowing that,
turning pro,
and they're like,
don't even put an inch
of your blade
over the red line.
I was like,
holy shit,
that's what it's like?
Nowadays, guys are
buzzing around talking, but not in that game in that game was it was it tony d going over and
oh it was austin i don't know what had happened in warm-up but uh austin watson was a last minute
signing by tampa bay you know they lost maroon they need toughness that's one of their team
identities and so he ended up going over and it didn't seem like there was much reaction at first but credit
to D'Angelo because he's a lot smaller than than Watson but we know Tony D'Angelo ain't shy to muck
it up and he ended up going over give him a little shove and and and yelled some profanities uh they
didn't end up going in the game no hey I respect Tony D'Angelo sticking up for his team and handling
business because as far as Carolina concerned they don't really have any guys that can handle business like that and you know listen brent burns could
probably go toe-to-toe with austin watson but i think brent burns has bigger fish to fry than
fucking worrying about that brenda more would be like no exactly so i know tony d'angelo's name
came up in some trade rumors about them maybe trying to get rid of a defenseman and and bring some other help in but um as far as him sticking up for his boys love that love that
you know another guy who stuck up for his team quite a bit aaron asham oh god hell of a player
so we're gonna send it over to him right about now this interview is brought to you by chevy
chevy has convenient ways to research and shop electric vehicles online. Actually,
checking into the hotel here yesterday, I saw a guy pull up in a big Chevy EV. I asked him,
hey, you love that thing? He said, best thing I've ever bought in my life. So that's one guy,
the first guy I've met that has one. He was given rave reviews. And when researching,
you can utilize Chevy my way. Vehicle specialists and hosts give a virtual tour and help answer your
questions. When you're ready, you're able to buy online by reviewing available EV inventory or
build your own at participating dealers. That's pretty sick. Design it the way you want it to be,
and you'll know that you're going to love the truck when you get it. You can do as much or
as little of the buying process online with help from a participating dealer. You can configure
finance and lease payments,
apply for credit, upload documents,
and finalize your purchases through our secure checkout process.
And you can even schedule vehicle delivery
at home or at the dealership.
To be sitting on your couch
knowing that your Chevy EV is coming that day,
you got the app already set up, the Chevy MyWay,
and it pulls into your driveway,
what a feeling that would be.
If you'd prefer to purchase the traditional way in person, the Nationwide Dealer Network
is available to help as well. Learn more at chevy.com slash electric. That's chevy.com
slash electric. All right, it's time for our next guest. This tough and gritty forward was
Montreal's third round pick on the 1996 draft, and he was a Canadian for the first four seasons of his career.
He went on to suit up for the Islanders, Devils, Flyers, Penguins,
and Rangers in his 15-year NHL career,
played 861 regular season and playoff games,
and went to the 2010 Stanley Cup final with Philadelphia.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Aaron Asham, how you been, man?
Good, boys, good.
Doing, you know, staying afloat here.
Trying to stay relevant somehow.
So, it's good.
Where are you talking to us from?
I am actually in, I'm at the practice facility for the Islanders.
I'm coaching, helping coach a U18 team.
So, we just got off the ice here.
I'm in the office taking a little break.
Is this your first coaching experience?
No, no.
I took a year off after I retired and kind of did nothing,
played a little golf, and then, as you guys know,
you get bored, you got to do something.
Yeah.
So I reached out to Gar Snow and seen if he had anything to do,
you know, for me to do here, and he asked about coaching,
and I started doing that.
Started with the young kids.
And, you know, kind of had a little knack for it.
So I like being around the kids and, you know, trying to pass on what I learned.
Would you work in the power play?
No, not so much.
Not so much.
Little PK, you know. Teaching a couple throat slashes yeah yeah you know a couple of butt ends here and there but uh yeah no no power play is not uh not my forte
oh games change a little bit eh since uh since you were coming up it's it's crazy boys it's
i don't know what's going on the q took took it fighting out. Yeah, what do you think
about that? Do you think that's bad for the
game, teaching these guys how to come up
and protect themselves?
I don't think the NHL is ever going to take
it out, and if they do, they're fucking crazy.
Well, I hope not.
I think definitely there's a place for it.
The Q
had some tough guys come out of there, too, so
I'm not sure.
We'll have to see how this season goes, see what happens over there.
You can only imagine that there's going to be, you know,
a lot of majors for, you know, for cross-jacking, slashing,
doing all this other stuff.
You don't have to step up and deal with the consequences.
So I think it's going to get ugly. Ash ash you would have lost your mind if there was somebody
running around you couldn't just dummy him so that's what i wonder what will happen is some
of these guys who are tough and like very willing to fight if like they can't do anything that's
what may end up cause even more violence than what these people consider the fighting to be
oh they might have a jeff kugogle incident remember that guy oh yeah winter it was
it was chasing everyone around like who knows like what's gonna happen it's uh i think i think
avery sean avery was on the ice when that happened because i think it was winter against owen sound
and uh it was it was jeff coogle right jeff i think so yeah so so for some people listening
who don't know what the fuck we're
talking about it's just i think he i think he was six seven he basically looked like gordo or
goro from mortal combat i think he had four arms too uh and he just the wires crossed in windsor
in the old barn and this guy was just running around and even after when like nobody would
fight him he just like stood there and was like it's hilarious it's hilarious did
they throw him out of the league for that didn't he get the full toss i think he was they like
that's it bud like hang him up you're done it was crazy it was entertaining but you know who knows
that might happen in the queue in the queue this year no actually that was an everyday occurrence
in the western league where you played for No, actually, that was an everyday occurrence in the Western League
where you played for the Red Deer Rebels.
That was probably happening in practice.
Yeah, we had a lot of tillies in practice,
but that was usually guys staying out after curfew
and then you have to skate in the morning.
So that's usually what those came from.
But yeah, we had a lot of Donnie Brooks and just shit shows in the in the dub it was it
was awesome at that point when you were in the dub had they gone back to both teams warming up at the
same time no so you guys were warming up separately and you're only 45 so it's not like that was that
long ago no it was yeah it was uh yeah both teams had their own warm-up. So when you're on the road, it was this.
It was stupid.
You warm up at 6 o'clock and you don't get on the ice and play until like 7.15.
By then, your legs are toast.
But, yeah, that's the way it was.
And even with that, there was still like if you stayed on the ice a few seconds extra, you know, guys are swinging their sticks at you and shooting pucks at you.
And it was definitely a league for sure.
Ash, that was the way they used to handle it, though?
If you got caught out past curfew, the whole team would have to skate?
Yeah.
Yeah.
We usually, I got caught a few times.
So we did a lot of skating.
But, you know, you do a battle drill, you know, the one-on-one corner battles.
You know, you just fight someone, get it over with, and, you know, get it done with, and then back to practice.
Yeah, show the coaches you want it.
Yeah, yeah, you know, I really want it yeah yeah you know i really want it so it was just throwing pillows throwing you know
trying not to hurt the guy or him to hurt you and wrestle it out and then uh starts you know
get back get on with practice yeah where are we breaking curfew tonight yeah it was it was we had
some good spots like we had really good spots we had one boston pizza was uh was our go-to with tr with terry and we had a little spot in like
the east end of red deer and so after practice we're we'd you know that'd be our go-to spot and
party there all night and play pool and darts and i thought he i i didn't know he played uh
i didn't know he played in red deer he played with you in the WHL as well? Yeah, his last year after his concussions and stuff.
Yeah, they asked where he wanted to go.
So he came to Red Deer for three quarters of the year.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, you must have seen some shenanigans with him.
He just signed his contract, so he had like a million dollars.
he just signed his his contract so he had like a million dollars and the first day the first day he comes pulling up into uh into the into the rink and he's got this big huge like f-150 he's got
tasmanian devil like tattooed on the back he's got like this this stereo system. Oh, my God. He came in and he just changed our dynamic.
He changed our dressing room.
He's just  I think we ended up winning like
I think we lost like 10 games since
from the time he got there until playoffs.
Like we just went on this roll and it was just
well, you guys know TR.
There's not many like him.
So was the reason that TR ended up going to Red Deer was because you guys had maybe met at Canadians camp and you, and you guys kept in touch or was it just random that he ended up in the same spot and you guys were drafted by the same team?
Well, I think, you know, once we got drafted and then, you know, we became actually pretty good friends in Montreal.
And, yeah, I think once Montreal asked him what he wanted to do,
if he wanted to get traded,
because I think he knew he wasn't going back to Tri-Cities,
his first stop was Red Deer.
He obviously knew me.
He knew BJ Young, played with him in Tri-Cities. So he kind of knew some guys coming in.
Without suing him, what's the funniest thing you've seen him do
while you were playing with him out there?
Or wackiest thing?
Oh, my God.
Everything he does is wacky.
He showed up to a party in cowboy hats, cowboy boots,
and that was basically it.
That was pretty crazy. But that's just typical TR stuff, right? That's just,
that's just how he is.
So you must've met senior a bunch of times as old man.
Oh God. Yeah. Senior. Yeah. I was down in the basement,
basement a few times. Uh,
only man I've ever really seen do a shot of tequila and then eat the lime.
Like he literally did the shot and then they threw the lime in and just ate
the whole thing.
So I was a little surprised with that,
but he just comes from a great family.
Like the,
the new fees are just,
just one of a kind or this salt of the earth people.
And yeah,
there's some crazy ones out there,
but they're all just they're
just great people well since we're already on and i actually texted him and i said hey you got to
give me a little dirt on ash and he he was he was sending me some nice t-ups he goes uh ask him
about the lonnie bahana's playoff story ahl 1999 he'll know right away. Yeah.
Well, you know Terry.
You know Michelle, right?
Well, Witter, you too, right?
Oh, yeah. I had some questions.
So us and the St. John Flames, we had like a huge rivalry.
They had Sean Thornton.
They had Dennis Maxwell.
They had Greg Smith.
They had a tough team, and we had a tough team as well. All year we always clash. First round of playoffs
it's a best of five series and we go to St. John's and we steal two there.
Come back to Freddie thinking we're going to close out the series and they come there
and they steal two. We've got to go all the way back to St. John's.
We fly in the night before and I guess
we have a team meeting the next day,
and Tarion comes walking into the locker room, and he's crying,
and we have this closed-door meeting, and he tells us a story.
So I guess he was out at Turkey Joe's the night before having a few drinks.
He's there.
He sees Lonnie Bahanas.
I think Mark Dale was there.
I don't know if you guys knew, but Mark Dale lost an eye earlier in the year with a high stick so he was with Toronto and he lost
his eye him and Lonnie Bahanas are from Winnipeg so they they're friendly like their buddies from
Winnipeg so so Terry and uh chirping Bahanas and Dale, you know, I'm glad you lost your eye.
And this is the story.
This is what I'm hearing.
So Bahamas punches him, right?
Like everybody, like you should punches him.
And I guess the cops get involved, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So the next day we're having this meeting and Michelle Terry comes in and he's in tears.
He's crying and he's telling us a story in his French accent.
I fear for my life.
I fear for the life of my wife and my kids and these guys and blah, blah, blah.
It was a shit show.
But we got escorted to the rink for game five by like 10 cop cars, our boss.
It was just  it was unbelievable.
But he was like  he was bawling his eyes out.
And rumor has it is he was the one who initiated it all.
Yeah, that's the rumor that he's the one that started all this shit by saying,
you know, I'm glad he lost his eye, blah, blah, blah.
He crossed the line and he got his
He crossed the line.
He got checked.
And then, yeah, he's crying in the locker room.
And you know his French accent, right?
And I knew he was playing it up to try to get the guys going for game five.
But, yeah, it was a shit show with all the cops being there.
And it was good.
But we ended up winning that game and that series.
So I guess it worked.
When you turned pro and had him in Fredericton, was he hard on you?
I mean, I imagine he probably really liked you, the way you played.
But was he pulling the same mental warfare games as he was
when I had him in the AHL and NHL?
Yeah, he tried.
I was a rookie coming in, so obviously I had tr there who who was uh who was there a year and matt higgins
and you know the whl guy so i went in there and you know i i think i was a little too comfortable
and you know we'd have optional skates and we'd be on the road and the guys were like hey we're
going to mohegan sun like for the night i was like oh there's an optional skate
at 9 30 and i'm like ah fuck it i'm not and i'm going i'll never do optional skates or anything
so he would always be he would always be on me about that and bring me in the office and it's
like oh i got your career in the palm of my hand and give me all one eye okay yeah thanks you know carry on my day i'll go out there and i i do my
job right i was scoring a little bit then and uh you know fighting and and doing all that fun stuff
but he did like me though he did uh he tried to uh intimidate me and stuff but i don't know i just
like fuck it whatever well that's the thing about your career that's it
that's the thing about your career too though like when you get to the NHL the skill level so high
but when you're playing with the Red Deer Rebels and the WHL like you were putting up some serious
numbers so you were really just like a power forward doing all of it yeah I had I had some
really good years in Red Deer um you know I was I was always a guy that could that could play the
game that could uh you know
jump up and down the lineup i just wasn't a fourth line fourth line guy and you know i had a couple
close to you know a couple 95 96 point seasons and 45 to 50 goals and you know had some good
playoff series so um you know so yeah i could play the game and i had a good head for it it's
not like i was running around hitting the boards and not knowing what to do. So I could actually play the game a little bit. But yeah, you have to change your game. Like, was it evident right away to you when you got to even the AHL?
Like, fuck, I'm probably going to not be playing first power play and top lines, and I got to figure out a way to make it?
Or were you still getting there, like, thinking or attempting to be like a scorer like you had been in junior?
I knew I was eventually going to have to.
Like, I was close to a point of game in the minors.
I think I was close to point of game.
So I knew I could play.
I knew.
But that next step from AHL to the NHL, it is a big step.
And I just wanted to stick around.
I wanted to stay as long as I could.
And I tried doing whatever I could to make it.
I probably should have worked a little harder than I did,
but I still managed to sneak in close to 800 games.
Oh, shit.
Aaron, we like to trace the origin of guys' careers.
When did you first fall in love with hockey, stop playing,
and when did you stop becoming a tough guy as well?
Well, I grew up in
Ports of Prairie, Manitoba.
It's a small
town in Manitoba.
We had that, there's that,
there's hockey, there's baseball.
I do come from a very
tough area.
There's a lot of drugs, a lot of alcohol.
I had to figure out what I wanted to do.
I obviously wasn't cut out for the, you know, for the crime and the, you know, being in jail and doing all that stuff.
So I stuck to hockey and, you know, every summer I would be in my driveway working on my shot, working on my hands or playing baseball.
And, you know, it just kind of snowballed to that.
Did you grow up in an indigenous community?
Well, Portage isn't indigenous, but we have, we have Sandy Bay.
It's a reservation that's like 30 miles away.
We have Dakota Plains. That's like 10 miles. We have Dakota teepee.
That's so we have, we're by by reservations so it's we're
basically like basically one big reservation but uh but yeah i grew up around you know all that
stuff my family is come from a pretty crazy family so it's uh so i've seen uh seen a lot of stuff
well you said i mean you said you weren't cut out for the crime like was there you were obviously
exposed to a lot of that type of stuff.
What do you think led you to avoid it?
Did you have a mentor or somebody that you looked up to who kind of kept you out of trouble?
Yeah, just seeing.
My oldest brother was in and out of jail his whole life.
So I've seen that.
The Christmases without them.
I have a younger brother, the same thing.
He was in and out of jail.
He stays still in and out of jail.
And cousins.
And I've seen it all, and I've been through it all.
And I was like, yeah, I've got to figure out something
because I've seen some interesting things.
So it's, well, yeah, you know, it's, I wanted, I didn't want to stay around that.
So I just practiced and worked hard in hockey.
And I had a lot of people that pulled for me and seen the talent in me and, you know, gave me a shot.
Who would bring you to hockey practice
like how would you get there like uh usually it was my coach todd blight or if my dad got home
from work at a certain time uh he would take me but i just lived like across the bridge so it
wasn't it wasn't a far walk so i would walk sometimes and but usually my coach would uh
he would have to come
and find me though like that's the funny thing i'd be out hanging out with my friends and
i'd see the freaking truck come at me i'm like oh is that is that todd and he would find me and
throw me in the truck and bring me to practice and uh yeah so he's like even now i i'm still
super close with him his daughter usually comes in and stays out here with me and my family and does the beach life.
So yeah, we're still very close.
My kids call him Grandpa.
Without him, who knows where I would have ended up.
That's an amazing story.
Who was your NHL team or favorite player?
Somebody you really looked up to within the game or a team growing up? ended up that's amazing story who was your like nhl team or favorite player like somebody you
kind of really looked up to within the game or a team growing up i was a jets fan because of uh
because of you know manitoba but you know my real my real team was it was the oilers and
you know the gretzky uh curry and teaking in you know that was that was my team. I got to watch them beat the Jets in playoffs every year.
It was nice.
But yeah, the Oilers.
Even now, I just love watching them.
They're fast.
They're just entertaining to watch.
Still one of my favorites.
The Jets had some pretty good teams back then it just
the fact that they kept running into the the oilers right really good teams really like really
good teams like they would usually get up like two to one three to one and we're like oh you know
this is the year and wayne wayne would just turn it on a fucking guy yeah take take a night off in
the palomino and decide to turn it up.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, shit.
Aaron, when did you start first thinking of hockey as a career?
I think once I got listed in Bantam because I was pretty small. I was always like the smaller kid, and then I hit puberty one year,
and I kind of sprouted up a bit.
I hit puberty one year and I kind of sprouted up a bit. But I think once I got listed from Red Deer and, you know, realized that, you know,
if I can make it to the WHL and, you know, there's that avenue to the draft and, you know,
possibly pursue, you know, that NHL dream.
Do you think if you could have picked a team to play for that you didn't get a chance to, it would
have been Edmonton just because of how much you loved them
growing up? Yeah.
Definitely Edmonton and
Winnipeg too would have been nice,
especially being so close to home, but
it probably also would have been a disaster.
Me being so close
to home and being around all my buddies
and stuff, it would have been... I'm kind of glad
I didn't for Winnipeg,
but it would have been nice to play for the Oilers.
What about this exotic animal you used to have when you played for Red Deer?
How did you end up getting the tarantula?
That was TR.
Oh.
He said it was your pet tarantula.
No, TR had the tarantula.
I had ferrets.
I had two ferrets.
Yeah.
I don't know what it was.
Like growing up, I always had animals.
It was funny.
I went fishing this one time and I was driving back on my bike along the highway.
Like who does that now?
But I was driving and I see this little baby skunk on the side of the road.
So I had my towel.
I throw my towel over and I pick up this baby skunk and I drive it home.
And my mom frigging has a shit.
She was like,
what are you doing?
And I was like,
well,
let's try to get the bag snipped and we'll keep it as a pet.
Didn't work.
Yeah.
We took it to the vet.
What?
Snipping the bag or keeping the pet?
We took it to the vet.
Yeah,
we had to move after it sprayed our house.
We took it to the vet and the guy was like, what are you doing? I can't keep a skunk. keeping the pet. We had to move after it sprayed our house.
We took it to the vet and the guy was like, what are you doing?
I can't keep a skunk.
But my uncle had two raccoons.
He kept them in his closet.
These things were vicious.
You would open up the door
and they're coming at you. It was nuts.
It was crazy.
That's so fucking good.
They can take the stink things away right on a
skunk like they can surgically remove them yeah but then this guy i don't know if he was just a
vet from port if you didn't know much he said a good grows back so i was like okay well time to
get rid of them he just didn't want to do the surgery probably i don't blame him right like
i don't know what i was thinking but yeah planet earth chicklets version over here i was fucking
talking about animals like you know what the fuck we're Yeah, planet Earth, chicklets version over here. I was fucking talking about animals
like you know what the fuck
we're saying right now.
My daughter's the same way.
She has,
she's got two ferrets.
She had a bearded dragon.
She's got three dogs.
She's got three cats.
It's just,
it's unbelievable,
her house when I come to visit her.
It's full of animals,
but I love it.
There was one more red deer story he wanted me to ask you about. It's full of animals, but I love it. There was one more Red Deer story he wanted
me to ask you about. It's when you got
an issue with the Hells
Angels, a runner for the Hells Angels.
Oh, that's
that was
yeah, that was
I don't think he was with
the Angels. It was
this happened like I was
actually in the league. I was playing in Angelle.
I met Terry in Red Deer.
So we meet up.
I think he was playing out there, playing with Black Falls or something.
So this is during the summer, and, you know, we're drinking,
having a good time, and we go to the bar,
and then we end up at this house party.
So I go downstairs to take a leak.
The one upstairs was taken so so i go downstairs to take a leak when the one upstairs was was taken
so i go downstairs i open up the door to take a leak and there's this guy with the skrill in there
so i was like oh shit sorry buddy so i shut the door and i went back upstairs so this guy comes
back upstairs he had like this leather vest on it was like like a leather vest like i don't know if
he's trying to thinking he was this big biker but but I've been around bikers like my family and ran with the Angels
and all this stuff, so I know a biker when I see one.
So this guy comes up and he starts giving me attitude like,
oh, you're trying to blah, blah, blah, and I was trying to pull.
I was like, hey, you know.
He pulls out a knife.
He pulls out a knife at me and he starts blah, blah, I'm going to slit you.
So at that party i had my
buddy who was an rcmp he's a cop so he's standing beside me and he's got a beer ball ready to crack
this guy if he comes any closer so i tried to get the guy to go outside with me and say why don't
you just put the knife down we'll go outside in the backyard and we'll settle it that way we don't
need weapons and it all kind of got straightened out, and they made me leave the party
because I guess I wasn't letting it go.
But, yeah, thank God I didn't get shanked there.
You didn't get carved up.
Yeah, I would have been.
Could have used him to take off the bursa sack for the skunk.
That would have been great timing.
Would have been a tough conversation with the GM at the time, right?
I got shanked at a party.
Was he from a hardcore gang that wasn't the Angels?
No, I think it was just some Joe Schmoe that was just at the party.
Just some guy trying to be a biker, but I don't know.
He definitely wasn't a biker to me.
What do they call that?
Is that a cut?
Is that what they call it?
Your cut?
Cuts, yeah. C You're cut. Yeah.
Yeah.
The angels are some fucking crazy MFs,
but I want to go to Montreal.
What was it like the first time you put that Jersey on and played in a
regular season game being a kid from Canada?
Oh,
it was all my family.
Like they were pissed.
Like they didn't like Montreal at all.
So I was,
you know,
I was just happy to be there,
but you know, being from Canada, from Canada, it's Toronto, Montreal,
and those are the big market teams.
Yeah, it was special.
I was called up.
I played against Pittsburgh Penguins my first game.
I ran by Casperitis.
I was just trying to do what I can, trying to hit everything that moved.
It was a blur, but it was definitely special playing against guys like Jaeger.
I think Colby was there at the time.
They were just zipping that puck around.
I was just trying to get used to it all.
You were up and down for like three four
years yeah was there was there times when you know like two years into it you're getting sent
down you're like fuck i feel like i'm doing what i can be doing to stay up and it's not working out
like had you felt like maybe moving on was going to happen and or were you kind of like maybe i'm
not ready for the nhl yet like how was it in terms of getting sent down, brought up, and going through all that? Well, back then, like the late 90s and stuff, there was still very seldom was there an 18-year-old, a 19-year-old, a 20-year-old making the league.
Yeah.
So you had to go through your, you know, they would sign these 33, 34-year-old players.
And you're just sitting there thinking, like, for fuck's sakes, when are they going to give me my shot?
But to a point, they had to put you through waivers to send you down.
So they knew I had a pretty good couple seasons.
Whenever they would send me down, I'd be sent down for like 15, 20 games.
I'd be averaging a point a game and doing what they asked me to.
So they would have to call me up and they had to send me down.
They put me through waivers and they knew I'd get picked up.
So I was up in Montreal.
I wasn't playing many games.
I was gaining weight eating hot dogs and going out.
Yeah, but that was my first four or five years was just up and down and it was just
i kind of knew that my time was running out when with when andre savard got there and
i mean me and andre were like oil and water we didn't mix we didn't mix too good so neither did
we because terrian brought him in to to pittsburgh and he was the grump he was grumpier than terrian usually i'm like the assistant coach is supposed to be my buddy he was the grump. He was grumpier than Terrian. Usually I'm like
the assistant coach is supposed to be my buddy.
He was coaching the D just torturing me the whole
time. I was supposed to come. I was
supposed to come to you guys. Oh, really?
Yeah. Yeah. I talked with
I don't know if
if
if what's his face
was still the GM or if it was
Ray Shero still. If it was Shero there or if there's, I don't know when Shero got there,
but yeah, they called me and they're like, you know,
we want to sign you blah, blah, blah. And they said, they're like, but you know,
Andre Savard still here. I was like, I'm not fucking signing that.
Like this guy, like, I don't know what he had against me, but even, yeah,
I was, I was going out in Montreal.
And I had a couple of street fights in Montreal.
But that was the norm.
Everyone was doing it.
Not so much fighting.
What do you mean everybody was doing it?
All the players or just everybody?
I mean, not like everyone was going out.
I had a couple of things happen.
Was it the Donnybrook at Super Sex that did you over, you think?
No, that was before I even made the team.
That was nuts.
How'd that one start?
So Super Sex at the time was probably, what,
the biggest and best strip club there?
It was, yeah, that and Chez Paris.
And it was after, like, I think it was an exhibition game or something.
Me, TR.
Oh, shocker.
Matt Higgins, Alan Nasruddin, Cheech.
He was with us.
And I don't know if Theo, if Jose was there or not.
I can't remember.
But we walk up.
There's these big stairs you got to walk up.
And then they got the main stage.
And then they got this little sidebar where you walk up to.
So the guy was like
why don't you guys sit up there and we'll get you guys a table and then we'll come and grab you
so we're all sitting up there and higgins is ordering some beers and this guy starts chirping
at him in french hey uh higgy could he was bilingual so he could speak both so they're
going at it so i go in there as the peacemaker and try to break it up.
And this guy, this open hand slaps me.
Oh, no.
Like, bitch slappy, like right in the face.
Oh, no.
So I didn't think twice.
I just fucking threw a left and just fucking folded him, KO'd him.
Like, he was right up in there.
So I was like, holy shit, he went down.
Like, it was a left, too.
I don't throw lefts.
I was like, oh.
So all the security guards
there's two guys come up they're like oh come with us come on what's going on and i was like
this guy just bitch slapped me it was like it was just i hit him and he's like come down to your
table he goes uh and he sits us down and he goes i'm gonna go try to straighten it out he goes i'll
be i'll be right back so he goes he talks to talks to these guys. I guess they were at the Rock Machine, the bike gang from Montreal.
What's with you and bike gangs?
I don't know.
I guess they ran that strip club.
I didn't really know.
So this guy comes back.
The guy that sits at the strip club comes back,
and he's like, yeah, you guys got to go.
I was like, oh, what?
He told them that we're players for Montreal.
He was like, yeah, they got guys coming down.
You got to get on here.
So I look around, and TR, he's gone.
He went through the window and jumped through the window
and went down the bathroom window and escaped somehow.
So it was me, Cheech.
We're sitting there, and this guy walks by me.
He's like, hey.
So I was like, well, let's just go outside, me and you.
This guy had a leather vest.
That's it.
Like no shirt underneath.
So I was like, geez.
So I was trying to get him to go outside.
Thank God.
And then he just flashed the gun to us.
He was like, your dad got guys coming
yeah that'll do it but check please yeah for some reason like teach his car was perfectly right in
front of the super sec so we just hammered these stairs and down and right into his car and we were
gone so i called my i called some my cousin and i was like hey man i just told him what happened
i was like you want to just. I just told him what happened.
I was like, you want to just make some calls just to make sure that I'm not going to get shot when I go to practice the next day?
Here comes Asher on the breakout.
Turns out Andre Savard had a gun for you anyways.
So I was sitting that night.
He's going to have to go to concussion protocol with a couple bullets to the
back of his head.
How the hell am I going to get to practice without, you know, because these guys knew we're freaking playing.
So, but we, we stuck close to buildings, made it to practice and thank God nothing came of it.
But it was a, it was definitely an interesting time.
Did you hang out with Jose a lot?
Theodore up there?
You know, Theo was God up there.
Yeah.
So every now and then we would hang out.
But he had his brothers and he had his family
and he had his thing going on naturally.
So I stuck with the English-speaking guys.
You know, there's those cliques, the French guys and the Russians.
So the English guys were sticking together.
Was it like cruising around like David Beckham with Jose Theodore?
Oh, he was just amazing.
He was such a handsome guy too, right?
So the ladies loved him.
He was just a magnet.
It was unbelievable.
He walked so Lundqvist could run.
Yeah, it was like we were in Carolina.
This is I think my first year, and there was this big ice storm.
So we got stranded in Chapel Hill.
We were in North Carolina for like four days because of this big ice storm so we got stranded in chapel hill we're in north carolina
for like four days because because of this huge ice storm and the first day we're there in the
hotel and there's smoke shows everywhere and theo just jumps on the piano and just
starts like fucking playing the piano so we all look at each other like what the fuck like this
guy's playing the piano too shit yeah this guy's soup here comes the panty soup best looking guy you know fucking great skin completely good looking guy and now he's fucking
strumming the piano i'm like jesus christ but yeah he was but we were there for four days and it just
it got stupid guys are going down with knee injuries walking back from bars slipping on ice
it was great it was a great time holy shit uh you ended up getting
traded to the islanders what were the circumstances leading up to that did you request the one did you
know you're getting traded what was going on there no i got a no i didn't i got a text from uh
actually a call from darcy tucker and and shane corson and they're like it just got traded
i was like what yeah i guess i got found out from tv and the guys uh let me know that i got traded and
so i finally got a call a few hours later from i don't know if it was i don't think andre even
or maybe he did but he left me a message saying hey blah blah blah you got traded good luck
go fuck yourself yeah and and and that was it yeah so it was good though like i i needed i i
needed to play more and i needed to be on the ice a little bit more.
And, you know, Islanders were a good fit.
Yeah, your first season there, career highs and goals,
assist and points on the LaViolette that he just realized you had a little bit
more than Montreal did, give you a little more ice time.
Yeah, you know, I played against LaVi in the minors,
and he's seen that I had some skill and what I could bring to the team.
And, yeah, he played me, and he's seen, you know, he's seen that I had some skill and what I could bring to the team. And yeah, he, uh, he played me and he gave me a shot and, you know, uh,
it's definitely one of my favorite coaches. Just, uh, uh, just,
just a good guy. And, uh, you know, uh, yeah, he gave me,
he gave me my shot and, you know, played, played well that year.
Did you, uh, did you spend any time on a line with the Boston legend,
Sean Bates? Yeah, I was with Batesy, uh, a little bit. I, I, well that year did you uh did you spend any time on a line with the boston legend sean baits yeah
i was with baitsy uh a little bit i i played a lot with yashin and kovasho for that for that year
but yeah i mean baitsy played uh played a little bit together like what a guy oh he just he's
there's not many there's there's not many like him either. I play with some pretty good guys, like T.R. and Bates.
He's just right up there.
Just a beauty.
I feel like Alexey Yashin, there's so much, not stories around him,
but discussion around him as a guy and a player.
And he was just an unbelievable player.
But what was he like as a guy in the room?
I kind of always heard he was kind of out on his own a little bit like was he a good guy to you
or was he pretty quiet no yeah he was always he was always good to me but you know he was that
typical quiet you know kept to himself did the russian you know we had kovasha i think i was
kovasha a bit but but yeah she's he was just very quiet, you know, kept to himself.
But just he had so much skill.
You know, he could shoot the puck.
He could skate.
Just, I don't know, you know, they get that.
The odd thing about him, you know, was his heart.
No, was his heart in it, was his heart out.
Like, it was hit and miss with him, but a great guy, great player.
Was it a shit show off the ice there at that time?
Like all the ownership stuff and everything going on with the team?
Yeah.
Well, we had a pretty good group of guys.
We had Snowy was still there, Gar Snow.
We had Eric Cairns, Batesy, Mark Parrish, Isbister, Weimer like we had a good
crew but yeah with you know with all the shit off like we just you know did our own thing
squeaked into the playoffs but uh but yeah these like Batesy and Cairnsy and you know like we
we definitely we could just tell by the smirk on your face, how much fun you had.
Like that's all it takes.
Yeah.
It got to a point where it was, it was just, it was a little too much fun,
but, but yeah, great years here on the island for sure.
Those guys.
Another character on that squad too.
Adrian O'Coin.
We've had him in the show a couple of days.
I forgot about Oki.
Another beauty.
Hardest shot.
Had a bomb.
Bomb.
Really.
Yeah.
Really underrated player.
He was solid.
He was a solid player.
I'm not sure if you played with him
with or not,
or Biz,
but he was great.
Biz, I actually might have played with him
in Phoenix.
I played with him in Phoenix.
He's the funniest.
He would hold court in the locker room.
Some days you wouldn't hear much from him because he'd be focused on getting his groins warmed up so he
wouldn't pull his groin i think he might i might i think he might lead the league in all-time
groins pulled but uh he liked his hot packs oh he was he walked around like the michelin man
before games because he was just completely surrounded by by uh those fucking heat packs
but anytime you'd have a team party and there'd be a mic and he'd have a couple cocktails in him
nobody was safe not the wives not the players not the not the bartender you hire to deliver
the beers to the boys during the during the event but uh that's incredible uh another one that i was
teed up with was the fact that i mean you got in a ton of off-ice scraps you weren't kidding the one outside of 7-eleven and it was right before camp oh that's was that that
was uh was that in red deer or was that in my i don't know man i can't keep track of all these
donnie brooks you were getting in yeah that was that was with me and my uh that was with me and
my brother and uh my late uh my brother's's wife passed away from cancer like 10 years ago.
But yeah, it was just one of those things.
It was after the bar, walking into 7-Eleven and grabbing nachos and a Slurpee.
And next thing you know, you're outside like rolling around with three guys.
But these guys were the  guys were the Air Force guys.
Like, we got a base called Southport just outside of Portage.
So we got a lot of the Air Force guys come to town.
And I had to clean up a few of them last night, but it was so dumb.
You ended up breaking your hand right before camp?
Yeah.
Oh, that was a different one.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
The one before camp was outside the bar in what's sociable.
I got jumped by a guy, and I just turned around and threw a punch
and caught him right on his teeth, and it just sliced all my tendons.
This was like two months before camp.
So my hand's a mess.
And I have a party at my house.
Stupid.
So I have all my friends and all partying.
And I have my hand in like a tea towel wrapped up.
Finally, I think it was my older brother.
He's like, let me see your hand.
It's like, how bad is it?
So I show him.
And he's like, you probably should go to the doctor. You got camp. And I was like, let me see your hand. It's like, how bad is it? So I show him and he's like, you probably should go to the doctor.
Like, you got camp.
And I was like, yeah, okay.
So I went to the hospital, the emergency room in Portage and showed him my hand.
And they're like, you got to go to Winnipeg.
You got to go get surgery.
Like, your tendons are all.
So I was like, oh, fuck.
You weren't even going to go to the hospital?
I figured it was just I figured it
was just cuts right cleaning out with with rubbing alcohol or whatever you do and I by then I didn't
want to miss the party like you know I didn't want to that's how stupid I was back then Ash I was
nowhere I was nowhere near as tough as you say similar story to me I was outside a bar a guy was
lipping off and finally i said all
right let's go and we square off and i first one grab them clock them and then i cut my hand right
here there's i still have the scar and i was just a fucking moron so i thought that any alcohol would
work to like get get out and clean it out so when i got home i got put in cuffs back of the cruiser
finally the guy came to and he's like he didn't want to press charges he's like ah so you know he's probably embarrassed by getting it so when
I finally got home I cleaned it out with Captain Morgan's I go to sleep I wake up this thing's
swollen beyond belief I ended up spending the next week in the hospital and this is after I
already got in trouble in Pittsburgh and we had like a like a not a rookie orientation but when
you're on your entry level contracts every year during your entry level you would have to go there and do like a summer camp
yeah yeah and i was i fucking had it wrapped up and basically i'd lost 10 15 pounds and acted as
if though nothing had happened so i was just battling through it so i didn't wish i would
have lost 15 pounds what what it was it was that bad? It was bad, yeah.
I was in a five-hour surgery.
I got that done, and my agent was like,
you got to tell Montreal.
I was like, fuck that.
I'm not telling Montreal.
Are you crazy?
I was like, I'll have it ready for camp.
So I was driving into Winnipeg every twice a week,
going and getting physical therapy on it.
So, yeah, I made it to camp and it held through.
I was worried about when I was doing the bench press
because all the pressure.
I thought the scar was just going to bust open.
But no, it made it through and, yeah,
didn't get caught for that one any other
bar fights we should know about like what do you got another 20 to go when did these end
i think my last actual one was was i was i was with jersey um this is actually a funny one and
you can ask pandolfo and uh mad and john madden and and um marty brodeur was there so we so we fly into
colorado we just finished playing so we're like we land it was like midnight we're like we got
to go for a couple pops right so we're like let's go to the find what's open and ballet was open so
we're like well let's go there for a couple beers so we get there
it's there's like 20 minutes left before last call so we order like 20 beers blah blah so we're
sitting there drinking minding our own business and there's these two guys three guys actually
with like nurses so they're like with their greens on from like a hospital or something
so they're they walk in and they see martydeur right away and they start chirping at him or start yapping at him, yapping at him.
So I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, good.
Blah, blah, blah.
So all for like 45 minutes, they're on him.
They're on him.
They're on him.
Like being rude or like super fans?
Just being super fans.
Yeah, yeah.
Being jerks.
Blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
So we're like, we're leaving.
So we start walking, and they come up behind us.
They keep chirping, chirping, chirping, yapping, yapping, yapping.
So we were jumping in a cab.
They keep at it.
So I just finally, I just told Pando or Mads, I was like, here, hold my jacket.
So I gave them my suit jacket, and I walked up to these guys.
I was like, what the fuck?
It's like, if you guys want to go, let's go.
So they came at me.
So yeah, one guy came and tried to karate kick me.
I just threw six punches or five punches, sorry.
Threw one, dropped this guy.
Another guy came running, dropped him, dropped the third guy.
The first guy I dropped gets back up and he comes at me again.
And I drop him again.
And then one other buddy. So I threw five punches, dropped five guys. third guy the first guy I dropped gets back up and he comes at me again and I drop him again and then
one other buddy so I threw five punches drop five guys and then uh walk back I walk back to the
to the cab and I grab my jacket and they're like looking at me like I said come on let's get out
here before you know it happens so yeah we do that. And nothing really happens to my hand or nothing. And then we play the Islanders two nights later at the Rock.
And I fight that Matthew Spiller and hit him with a one punch.
And that's when Weeks is going crazy on the glass.
It was because of all that shit that happened in Colorado.
So that was my last one.
What a way to go.
Yeah.
That's an incredible story.
Not particularly that day,
but do you find guys
would challenge you,
like try to look at you
and try to like get in a stare off
so they could go join a fight?
Did that happen a lot with you?
Yeah.
That's,
that's why I stopped going back home.
Like was because of that.
You know,
I come from a very,
very tough family.
You know,
my,
my,
my oldest brother was you know crazy so
he's and then all my cousins and and like i said earlier like this this come from a very very so i
was doing it my whole life like against them against my brothers like growing up fighting
have you have you like you know you played a long time have you like financially? You know, the, the ones who've been going through a tough time,
your brothers and stuff, or has that just been hard for you to do? Like we never,
we never had much growing up, you know, that's where, you know, I had a lot of help from,
from the reservations and, you know, the chiefs, uh, Orville smoked helped me out a lot.
He was, uh, he was one of the chiefs at Dakota Plains.
We had Gladys Cook, who was one of the elders that helped me out financially.
So I had a lot of people that stepped up and helped me out.
And I tried to do what I could for my family.
I never made the big bucks.
But I bought my mom a car.
Whenever anyone asked me for money, I was, you know,
I was the first guy handing it out. So, uh, you know, I still,
still help out and, you know, do what I can, but, uh, you know,
I'm not making that pink Whitney money. So.
And, and, uh, middle of your Islanders tenure, the, there was the lockout.
You went to Switzerland, you played five games there.
Did you stay there longer?
Did you live there for a bit?
What did you do?
Yeah, I was actually playing in the Tiger Hills Hockey League.
It was like this senior league back in Manitoba.
All my friends that I played hockey with were playing in that league.
So I was like, you know, why not go there and actually get to play
and have some fun?
And then I got a call from a team from Switzerland that wanted me to come down.
And it was tough.
Like, it was  I had to do something.
So I didn't want to go because I was having so much fun with my buddies
and, you know, playing on the weekends and having one practice.
But, yeah, then, you know, in January, I was like, fuck it.
Like, what if we actually fucking start playing?
I'm going to be dog shit.
So I was like, okay, I packed up and I went out to Switzerland for, I think I was out there for like six weeks and hurt my knee like six games in.
And I was like, fuck.
And then that's when the talk was like, oh, February, we're coming back.
And I'm like, oh, you fucking got a knee.
I can't play.
So I was like panicking.
I was like, what the fuck am I going to do?
Another thing I didn't tell my team about.
I was like, I'm not telling them.
I got a bad butt saying shit.
Wait till you get to the rink and take a Dixie.
Like, oh, my back makes them pick the tab up for it.
Old city work a trick. From there, then you my back makes them pick the tab up for it. Old city worker trick.
From there, then you went to
New Jersey, played under Brent Sutter, but you had some
other great teammates there. Mike Motter, you played with.
Motts. He's another character.
Motts was a beauty.
I played with Motts. I was only there for
one season.
I enjoyed
my time there.
What was Lou like?
I liked Lou.
Lou liked me.
He brought me in.
I knew my role there.
Jansen was there.
I was there.
So I knew I wasn't going to be playing huge minutes.
So I just kind of went there and did my thing.
Lou, I have nothing but respect for him he uh he treated me well um he hasn't fired me from here yet so which is good so he still knows i'm around so uh just
just a top-notch guy is that why you're so clean shaven yeah i can't grow facial hair anyways
it's embarrassing my playoff beard in like, it was so bad.
Who were you with then?
Flyers.
Flyers, yeah.
So I was going to say all these Donnybrooks outside of the bars probably set you up to be a Flyer.
The Broad Street bullies are back.
I always liked the Flyers growing up as well.
But yeah, it was what a time in Philly.
Just a great, great group of guys.
It's just nothing but laughs.
The whole two years I was there,
I had Scott Hartnell there, who's just a beauty.
Had a young Claude Giroux and Pronger and teaming in.
We had a really good team.
Is it true that Scott Hartnell had the stinkiest farts going?
I didn't get that close to him.
He sat on the other side, but yeah, bird dog.
He could let him rep yeah was this was this when the uh the no drinking like club was was kind of announced
and carter and richards were like nope yeah the the dry island dry island yeah uh yeah we had this
big meeting and i wasn't signing it i was you know i'd like surprise face i like having you know
glass of wine you know here i don't bear i barely drink anymore but it's because of that fact but uh
you know i like having a glass of wine here and there and yeah that wasn't working
i think a few guys did it but it was like three weeks later we have like a poker tournament
everyone's drinking at it so it was i don't know it was weird what an island lavial that's the drunkest guy there i think he
just wanted the guys you know to buy into something and uh you know some guys bought in some guys
didn't well i think that they were known as known as a pretty pretty big party team you guys would
have a lot of fun off the ice that was the carter and richard hey days yeah we had loops there we
had upshaw we had yeah god well. We had Upshaw.
Oh, my God.
Oh, what'd they call him? The Legion of Poon?
They went from the Legion of Dune to the Legion of Poon.
We had Riley Cote that was there.
Then Carbom came in towards the end of that year.
Then we had Metropolit.
I don't know if you guys know Glenn.
I don't know him, but Yipper, my buddy Brandon Yip and him, became really close playing together in germany i think and he said he's an all-timer
awesome awesome awesome guy he was my roommate um i got a funny story for it he was my roommate we
went to uh in west point we did we did our camp out in West Point. This is when we were at the Flyers. So it was the next day.
We're leaving the next day and
we're playing the Phantoms
for like in this exhibition
game at the Spectrum.
So we all go out the night before
and just get
buckled. I go with
Kevin Hatcher
and drink a bottle
of Jameson that night.
And we got to play the next day in the afternoon.
I get home and I guess I just piss all over the floor of the bathroom.
Metro gets up and he's going to take a piss.
And he's like,
you know,
he got the next day.
He was like,
dude,
what'd you do last night?
I was like,
I drank a bottle of Jameson.
I was like,
he goes,
you pissed all over the floor.
I stepped in it.
We had a fucking laugh about it.
But yeah, we lost that game the next day.
You lost to the Phantoms?
Yeah, the Phantoms beat us.
Yeah.
Homer Holmgren was not happy.
It was funny.
It wasn't funny at the time.
The other night, Game six was on of that
series um i was watching it and fuck your guy's team was unbelievable and like i i guess like
kane and those young guns in chicago but the game was so entertaining game six in philly and um and
that team had prongs right like i i i was i was in Anaheim with him. I kind of saw how dominant of a personality he was.
I'm sure it was no different in Philly that year.
No, yeah.
Prongs.
Prongs is prongs.
The guy knows how to win.
I got along with him great.
I got along with him good.
But he demanded a lot from his teammates.
But he's a Hall of Famer. Guys respected him respected him and we had ian leperiere was there as well who was well
respected would you know would do anything for the team so we we had a good group of guys and
chemo teaming in and just uh you know ray emery got hurt earlier in the year and had to get hip
surgery but i think if we had boosh 100, you know, nothing against Michael Layton
because he came in and he did a job for us.
But, you know, in the finals, it's a different beast.
And, you know, I think with a goalie, we could have done it.
Yeah, I was looking at the save percentages from that series.
The team save percentage.
Phillies was 8-7-2.
Chicago's was 8-8-2.
You don't see that too often in the Stanley Cup final.
No, we're losing games like 7-6, 7-5.
It's unheard of.
Yeah.
Like, no offense, but some of the goals were from both sides.
On both sides.
It was some suspect goaltending.
But, yeah yeah they just uh
you know they got a big goal from caner and then and that was it was it hard to go to the rival
in pittsburgh like signing there the next year uh well i that's what i did biz i just you know
it was crazy i went from i i played with every freaking rival basically in the East. You played in the Metro, every team basically.
Hold the vision.
It was tough.
It was tough, but it was part of the job.
I love all the guys that I played with,
but I'm going to play hard against you either way.
We'll go have some beers after the game,
but it definitely was tough.
It got expensive.
I put money on the board every game.
Yeah, and then you're playing them
eight times yeah playing them eight times you're fucking in the red between that and the card table
you're in the red we sit in gino going off for four or five points a night yeah yeah that must
have been an awesome experience man getting to play with those two heavyweights it was uh yeah
it was it was great even though they're fucking hurt most of the time. But just still watching Sid every day at practice.
You know how Gino is.
He's fucking Gino.
He called me Indian all the time.
Like, hey, Indian.
I called him, you stinky Russian.
Like, we got along really well, me and him.
Like, I would just laugh at him.
Like, he didn't know my name.
I think for the two years, he just called me Ash.
Guys were like, what's his name?
He was like, I don't know.
It was just fucking Gino.
It was just hilarious.
Weren't you there, Whit, the one year when they pulled him up at rookie party
and they quizzed him?
And he got like four of the team members' names?
Oh, yeah.
He had no clue who I was.
He's like 19, 19 19 he's just throwing
everyone's numbers out there oh it was it was hilarious winter you remember when you call me
a booze bag you remember that yep i was like this guy's gonna kill me i can't remember who i was
with i can't remember but i remember getting back to the bench and i i leaned over to someone and
he was like what's wrong with you?
And I started giggling.
I was like, fuck, I don't know.
This fucking wit called me a booze bag.
And he was like, I think he knows you too well.
I was like, fuck, I was so pissed off, but I was laughing so much on the bench.
Booze bag.
I haven't heard that one in a while.
I actually fought you in a game game in philadelphia that was
my first ever nhl point i got that game i was playing with tyler kennedy and max talbot tk
do you remember when we fought yeah i was with uh i was with philly yeah philly at the time yeah
how'd it go it was like a pillow fight really pillow fight and i think you lost an edge quick
and i i was i was willing to take the takedown. Your arms are so long, you need a stepstool to try to hit you,
but it was good.
Got the fans into it.
No one got hurt, and it was all good.
Actually, Ash, I think you're a real well-respected player
for how you played, and I think I got even more respect for you
when you ended up knocking out jay beagle
and you kind of did the sleep sign i remember after you really regretted it and you talked
about kind of how you wish you hadn't done it like was that just because you felt bad or take me
through that yeah it was uh it was a knockout punch well winner i i don't know if you know but
biz i think you know like fighting and and uh you, uh, you know, you get into it,
the crowd gets into it, you know, you get into it. Obviously you want to win the fight. You don't
want to hurt anything, but, uh, well, yeah, I got, I got shit on for a good week there, but, uh,
it started off. I, you know, I, I seen him knock Tanger's helmet off. So I went over there. I
wasn't trying to fight him. I went over there to say, Hey, fuck, settle down or else we're
going to have to fight. And he was like, no, let's go right now then oh he actually asked for that yeah he was like well
let's go right now i didn't know anything about this kid so i was like okay yeah if and then yeah
if i kind of wish i would have hit him with the first one because the first one would have just
busted his nose and would have put him down but he had a visor on so it hit the visor and then
the second one was just it was a cannon it was like hitting
a pillow like that's how like soft it felt like it felt like i didn't i was hitting air and then
he went down i wasn't i didn't think he was like out out like i knew i hit him so usually you know
you get those you drop to get back up and like yeah he wasn't getting up no so once i got back to the to the
penalty box i was like fuck like i hope i really this kid's not really that hurt so i did the old
stick tap and then i did the interview after which people said oh he was forced to do i wasn't forced
to do it they i told him how i felt i was embarrassed about the actions that i did but
it's part of the game,
man.
Like,
yeah,
you might've already said it.
Did you get tossed from the game because you did that gesture?
No,
no,
I,
I stayed in the game and I played in the third period.
I thought someone was going to,
you know,
come and,
you know,
challenge me,
but cause they still had Hendricks and someone else in there and no one said
anything.
So I was like, Oh, I knew anything. So I was like, oh.
I knew next game I was playing Big John for sure.
I played with him on the island, and I knew going in that I was going to have to fight him.
So I wasn't worried about it.
Big John Erskine.
Oh.
He threw bombs.
Bombs, bombs.
I avoided a lot of tough guys.
That was one guy i'm glad i avoided
man i didn't have to fucking scrap him he was a mutant i didn't do too bad like thank god like i
was i was kind of bobbing and weaving and not getting not getting hit with too many but jesus
he was just grunting and he wanted she wanted to kill me yeah she just mentioned how you were in
the same division for so long you had you, buddies who became rivals and vice versa,
but was there anybody who was really particularly awkward with like
either before or after?
I guess,
I guess the guys,
you know,
after,
after leaving Philly,
you know,
having that run coming back from,
from three,
nothing against Boston and,
and,
and beating them,
you know,
you,
you get that, you know, the, you you get the guys from that team going to Pittsburgh and then having to come back and play them.
It was tough, especially Carcillo.
Me and Carbom got along really well when we were there.
So it was tough keeping a straight face with him
because the fucking guy's looking at us.
He's got no teeth.
He's doing something stupid. He's just trying to keep a straight face with him because the fucking guy's looking at you. He's got no teeth. He's doing something stupid.
And you're just trying to keep a straight face and not laugh.
But it was tough.
But like I said, you know, you got to play hard against, you know, whoever it is.
And, you know, that's what I did.
I just mentioned the comeback.
Oh, three Boston.
Now, I mean, you guys were on the brink.
We went to overtime that game for like, is that when the tide turned?
Like after you have belief going overtime that game four. Is that when the tide turned?
Did you have belief going into that game four?
We still got a little life here or are we kind of dead in the water?
What was the thought going into game four with Philly there?
I think it was in game four where Mike Richards hit Krejci.
And then broke his wrist.
Right there, that changed the series. And, you know, having Gaggy, Simone Gagne come back at the perfect time.
And then it just kind of snowballed. Like, we were right there in the series.
And then, you know, we had goalies go down.
We had Latham come in.
It was just a perfect storm.
And, you know, even being down 3-0 in in game seven like in the first period we called
that time out and you know reamer scored a greasy one and then we're in the locker room after the
first saying like fuck we're not losing this game like there's no way like we knew we knew right
there after that first goal went in i was like we're like we're fucking winning this game so
it was cool that it actually snowballed.
And, you know, that's fucking the hockey gods, I guess.
You know, bounce here, bounce there.
And big hit here.
And then, yeah, we knew going in against Montreal that we were smoking.
We knew that.
We were a confident group going in. Especially getting in on a fucking shootout against the Rangers.
So it was just a crazy
year.
Back to Kane's goal for a sec. Did you know it was in right
away or were you kind of baffled like a lot of people
were? Once he started
skating down, throwing all his gear
off. That gave it away.
Yeah, it was a big hint.
I was thinking that might
be it. It was
hard.
That's got to be gut-w was hard. It was, oh,
that's gotta be gut wrenching.
It's like, it was like still to this day,
it's still fucking bothers me.
But you know,
I had friends flying in.
I had friends that are like,
Hey,
let's go party.
Let's go party.
And I was like,
I couldn't even,
I couldn't even do that.
Like,
and that was my fucking,
that was my go to,
like,
I was always going to party.
So I just couldn't, I couldn't get myself up to do it. And fuck was my fucking go-to. I was always going to party.
I just couldn't get myself up to do it.
Fuck, it was brutal.
But hey, I got a chance to play. I actually scored a goal
in the finals, which was cool.
A little bit of memories.
And I see after you retired, you played
a year of senior hockey in Newfoundland.
Did you still have that itch you had to scratch?
TR called me.
Oh, yeah. He was like, Did you still have that itch you had to scratch? TR called me.
So he was like, well, how do you feel?
Do you want to come over here and play on the weekends?
So I was doing a little coaching here.
I was coaching some young kids, and I was like, why not?
So I'd fly over there and party it up for the weekend and play a couple of games and fly back and wait for the next weekend.
We didn't even talk about New York.
You had Torts as a head coach.
Any fun Torts stories?
We always ask about him.
Torts, he was just hard on the stars.
Like Gabby, like Gabrick.
I felt bad for Gabby because it just seemed like he couldn't do anything right.
Fucking all the video meetings, he was like, Gabby this, fucking Gabby that, blah, blah, blah.
But I love Torts.
Torts liked me.
He knew what he was getting from me.
It's like Torts liked me.
He, you know, he knew what he was getting from me.
I scored some big playoff goals for him with the Rangers and still didn't fucking play me.
But I knew my role with him.
It was, you know, I fucking did what I was supposed to.
I fought when I had to.
I chipped in offensively when I did.
And I was playing fucking four minutes a game.
Like, he told me, he's like, what do you want from me?
You're not going to play much.
So I was like, but the next year I go into camp.
And I was never a huge fucking workout guy, right?
I was always like strong.
I would just start skating in August.
It wouldn't really work out.
But I went to camp.
This was the year they sent me down.
And I knew going in they had  what the fuck's his name?
French guy from  Vigneault.
Vigneault came in.
I had him in Montreal for like a couple of months before he got fired there.
So I kind of knew him.
And he came in i came in
and they were trying to make me retire i was doing like two days three days i played every
exhibition game and the thing that really pissed them off is they thought i was just gonna like
fold and cave and like not be able to keep up i was one of the best players of all camp exhibition
like they they had they had they had to keep me up because they had this like all clean slate
fucking slogan blah blah blah everyone gets a clean slate you know whatever yeah but uh but
yeah so they had like they were trying to make me fucking retire they're trying to make me quit
and i knew that so i just fucking toughed it out
and of course we started off oh and four like we just fucking so they're like yeah it's i guess
it's my fault and martin marty duron's fault so they sent us down they're thinking i was going
to retire i was like i'm not fucking i'm making a million dollars like the first time i made a
million in my career you like you think i'm retiring yeah right so so i went down to the minors and just fucking hung out you know hung out with the kids
and my first game they had me on the power play and i tried doing like a fake pass across like
toey poke check straight down break away that was my last time on the power play and then uh and then he goes to me
he's like the next game he's like you're not playing this was uh kenny janander i played
against him in the minors too i played against him so he's like you're not playing so i was like okay
knowing that you know i'm just gonna fucking hang out here and do practice and be good to the kids and look after the trainers
and he they would skate me in the mornings well he would try to skate me i would go sit on the
bench with my water bottle and kenny janander would be doing wallies for about 20 minutes and
i'd jump up i was like okay but i'm done yeah. And I'd fucking skate right off. Good luck tonight.
I'm fucking 36 years old.
You sit me in the mind.
I've got 15 years, 800 games.
I was like, whatever.
I'll be a good teammate to the kids.
And yeah, I wasn't skating.
I'll tell you that.
And no escrow.
No escrow.
I was making more money in the minors.
Yeah.
So yeah.
And they tried screwing me with a bunch of shit.
So I was like, fuck.
And then that was it.
Hung him up, Biz.
Hung him up.
And here we are.
Here we are.
Living the dream.
What a run.
What was the name of your, or TR's pet tarantula?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't remember.
Yeah, he's trying to blame that.
That was his tarantula.
Oh, it was?
Okay.
I think he lost it, too, for a while. It was like missing in the house yeah oh fuck that's like what was
the movie that happened arachnophobia yeah i i hate spiders i hate spiders well ash we can't
thank you enough for coming on like i mean all these bars are bar fight stories it's old school
that's what our fans like to hear and It's amazing. Glad you survived them.
You never got put in the clink.
No, I survived, yeah.
I haven't been in the clink, thank God. And now it's just working with these kids,
trying to pass on some knowledge, stay out of trouble,
and that's about it, man.
Don't smoke crack.
Yeah.
Don't smoke crack, exactly.
Hey, good luck this year to your squad. That squad. That'll be, that'll be fun.
I appreciate it, boys. Thanks for having me on.
Keep doing what you guys are doing. Awesome stuff, man.
Thanks, Ash. Appreciate it very much.
All right. Before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at Zinn.
We're all looking for a change in routine,
whether that's hitting a new machine
at the gym or listening to new music. So if you're looking to move away from the hassle of
traditional tobacco, Zin nicotine pouches are a simple way to introduce that change
in your everyday life. And get this, they're America's number one nicotine pouch,
only the best for our listeners. Zin comes in 10 varieties like Spammit, Coffee, and Wood to Green.
So you guys have your pick when it comes time to throw in a 6mg or 3mg of that satisfaction-packed pouch.
And let me tell you, these pouches deliver that pure nicotine satisfaction no matter what strength or variety you choose.
Zinn Nicotine Pouches are smoke-free, spit-free, and hands-free that works to your
advantage on or off the ice. And if you're curious about what a premium nicotine experience looks
like, check out the Zinn 10 Challenge, a 10-day risk-free trial. Head over to your nearest
convenience store or order online at zinn.com. Warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine
is an addictive chemical.
Big thanks to Aaron Asher for jumping on with us.
Great interview.
Hopefully you all enjoyed it out there.
But Biz, while we're in town this week, I got a chance to go to the pond.
Well, they don't call it the pond anymore, but the Ducks still play this.
So I'm still going to call it the pond.
Friday night when the Flyers are in town.
The Ducks, by the way, thank you very much for the hospitality.
They were very nice to me.
They hooked me up with a ticket and a pasta, a little club day so you can get a couple beers
so will you not be on the jumbotron anymore i don't know i was kind of waiting lay off them i
was kind of waiting for them dude i had you know it was 26 years ago was the first time i was at
the pond when uh i was here visiting a friend in this same area uh october 97 and we went to the
ducks bruins game and i still had my t-shirt i bought i still had it i wore went to the Ducks-Bruins game, and I still had my T-shirt I bought. I still had it, and I wore it to the game the other night
hoping that they put me on the Jumbotron, but it didn't happen.
So either way, I was very impressed.
Leo Carlson, first career hat trick, incredible.
I know the Ducks did win the game, but this kid, we have said before,
a special talent.
He hasn't played every game, but he still averaged an 18-23 time of ice
when he does play.
He's got six goals, one assist in nine games.
And we already said this kid's going to be a stud,
but it was great to see him in person, man.
He's an unbelievable player.
Yeah, what was it like live?
Because, I mean, as Witt said,
sometimes these guys don't maybe look the fastest,
but they actually are because they're so big,
and they're not moving their legs very fast,
but they're so powerful in the way that they're able to generate.
So how was it live?
He stood out great.
And the kid we talked about before, Pavel Mityukov, the defensemanyacoff the defenseman yeah they jumped they jump out at you watching the game and i'll
tell you for a friday night crowd it was it was a pretty good crowd i mean i know the docs they've
been you know last couple years been struggling they're obviously on the upswing right now but
you know i looked around it wasn't like i don't want to shit on other teams but other arenas we've
seen been pretty empty this year but that wasn't the case, man. It was a good crowd. They got that Zellwiger.
He's lighting up the AHL.
So it's like they have a serious roster of prospects coming up.
You could see in two years they're like the number one team in the league.
I don't know goaltending-wise what happens with Gibson,
but brightest future around maybe.
And I had a beer by what's
old stall well they they redid the uh the locker room i guess the last couple years so there's like
basically a bar where we're appropriate enough where what's lock used to be so like well the
pi guy brought me he goes oh this is where what's lock used to be so i had a little why because
they have all the the former player who sat their name plates no no just that this guy who's been
there for the last 12 years i was it alex no i
i thought that was something cool that pittsburgh did when they when there was a player who played
there they would keep his old nameplate in there to let you know who had sat there before i like
that a lot it was cool just show a little bit of the history no it was steve brown okay yeah
steve brown no he went oh they didn't have like like yeah what do you have marcus or anything he
just knew where it was
because he's been with the team for so long.
If they do get good,
what does it draw like for a playoff game?
Like, is the crowd get crazy there?
Oh, I was going to ask.
Oh, I was going to ask.
The playoffs here.
We won the first round, beat San Jose.
They were the number one seed.
We lost to Detroit in game seven.
It was crazy.
This area, if the teams aren't good,
there's just, it's like Florida.
There's just so much going on.
But when they're good, they'll be bumping.
I came the one year where the Ducks beat out Edmonton.
Did they beat them in the second round of playoffs
to go to the conference finals?
It was a great series.
It was McDavid.
It might have been his first or second year.
And that's when Kessler was still kind of nearing
the end of his like dominance
I think it went seven maybe it ended up going seven games and he he was Kessler was being a
son of a bitch to play again so I remember coming to that and like you said the crowd was awesome
now just going back to the the stall question um or comment who was your best stall mate like who
did you have the the funniest time with
where like every day that they would make you crack up?
I sat right next to Rob Scuderi in Pittsburgh
and it was just so funny.
Like his dry sense of humor
and just these little comments.
Never like laughs at like his own joker
and just like says something hilarious
and I'd be dying laughing.
In Edmonton, I sat next to Sheldon Brookbank,
one of the all-time best guys i ever
met in the game tough as nails he was a lot of fun to sit next to i think he's a scout for the
hawks now isn't he he was coaching he was coaching i don't know what he's doing now i don't know if
he's still coaching or not um but he was he was really funny and then in edmonton uh i was at the
end so no one to my left which was nice because it was like the walk to,
you know what was closest was the trainer's room.
Now that I think about it,
that's why I was sitting in that seat.
And then I think Jeff Petrie was next to me.
Great guy, pretty quiet.
But I just think back to Rob Scannari just to my right.
What about you, Biz?
Well, so we had a pretty fun corner.
I mean, Oliver Ekman Larson was next to me.
So he was more of a listener because
obviously i didn't shut the fuck up but right real close was donor and then yans and that was
kind of our corner in arizona and most of the entertainment was coming out of that corner
it was mostly ran just ripping on me and then donor just losing his mind and laughing and then
everybody else do you think keith and donor requested that you be near them no they were they were in a spot where you caught when you looked into the room it was
like the throne where donors leaders are yeah where the leadership is and i i always think it's
important for that one leader to also have a few guys next to him on either side who kind of help
uh vibrate that voice and also when you're looking over there, like obviously when donors talking,
Yans is locked eyes with them and paying attention.
And it just, it was a great setup
and a well thought out one.
And, you know, and that the other side of the room,
we had the Czech mafia, we used to call them.
So there'd be like five Czech guys in the line.
So it was cool.
I like the way that they organized our room
and they would all speak the Czech to each other.
So we're-
Rip it on you, rip it on you. Oh rip oh yeah guaranteed like you could just tell they were missing that
um sheldon brookbank is coaching uh assistant coach of the wilkes-barre scranton penguins
no last year in this year i think the head coach is jd forrest who played at boston college good
guy so good for brookie i could see him being a hell of a coach but he was the assistant for
the blackhawks for three seasons yeah i also had kyle chip chura who was my line mate next to me for for i think at least a year
in arizona and he was a pretty funny bastard too i'm curious at the college level because
for chiclets university comes out this week uh when we went to bc their their biggest thing was
surrounding the freshman with two seniors so every time a new freshman comes in especially a high
draft pick both sides of him would be two seniors is that something bu new freshman comes in especially a high draft pick both sides of
them would be two seniors is that something bu does is that i like that just because it's those
yeah you know just the way that they come in from a period and they you know respond to adversity
like how they handle their business and preparation so it's easier to to get it rubbed off on these
younger guys if they're kind of hand inin-hand and sitting right next to them.
We're on Hattie Watch right now.
Conor Bedard's already got two goals
this Chicago game that's being played right now.
Two unbelievable goals.
He's arrived, boys.
Eight goals now in his last eight games.
Yeah, and he's got nine total.
Nine total.
Eighth in the league.
He's four points last game.
He'll probably get another point in the third period.
The first goal, he strips a defenseman of it,
or I don't know who it was,
and then just immediately goes shelf
when the goalie thought he might cut across the crease.
The other one was a beautiful rush,
brings to the forehand shelf.
He is figuring it out now.
And I think if you look at it,
50 goals is not out of the question.
Yeah, hey, Pasha, get that money ready, baby.
What's your bet with Pasha?
I think it was a 1,000 bet that he that he'd have i think more than 31 and a half
i was i was going to go 10 grand but pasha was too much like the kids say online he is him
yeah he is yeah he had a four point game the other night two goals to assist the third youngest
player to do so in the first nearly 80 years who gone but dad he was the no i'm saying who was the other guy oh
fucking pep pep what's his name pep bedouin played played for the bro i thought he's like
what's his name like i don't know we just asked 80 years no the guy did 80 years it was pep bedouin
you say his name i think he played for the bro who were the list of guys do you have the list
or no that was not the last guy no he was the third youngest to do it but the but the other words the other two guys who did it were like way back 80
years ago along yes no one's done it in fucking any of our lifetimes how about the um i think
john buchigras had the tweet out um of the dish he made over to felino who went back to him for
his goal and one of his goals in tampa where he he's at the puck kind of behind him in the neutral
zone and he sees that i think it was kucherov's going to be on him so he actually flips his stick over and with the toe just like
toe drags it behind him behind his back to felino then he turns up ice felino gave him a great dish
across it was just a sick play the way he moved the puck with just his his stick flipped over
and crazy talent and you see felino like the way he celebrated that goal today the one you know
what he's what he stole from the defenseman you could see in felino a veteran like him was even like all excited
and giddy about the goal that's when you know a fucking kid special yep uh what else we got here
uh oh the avalanche had a mom strip the other day i thought it was pretty nice josh manson's mom had
passed to atlanta and uh it was ryan johansson had an idea to you know mom's trip with love for
lana it was pretty pretty nice gesture they all had the t-shirts on right yeah they all the t-shirts
on yeah because well but dad when he had that four-point night,
he got the, what's it, the post-game chain, the trinket.
And, you know, he's, I mean, he's still a young kid,
but you can tell he's pretty jacked up.
We put memes, put it out, said, oh, this is for the moms out there.
But he had his shirt off, so, you know,
being a little naughty on the fucking, on the memes thing.
Also, how about this kid?
Matt Tompkins, man, made his NHL debut at 29,
11 years after being drafted.
He got the win last Tuesday, 5-3 victory in Montreal.
Seventh round pick by Chicago at the 2012 draft.
199th overall.
There were only 12 picks after him.
He was at the East Coast League.
The AHL bounced around, was over Sweden.
The oldest rookie since David Ayers.
There's 4,131 days between his draft date and the first time he stepped on the ice
pretty well and he got a win for tampa yeah he got then he got the win for tampa and
uh the 211 players drafted in 2012 102 never even played in the nhl so never give up ran right there
pretty good pretty good stuff man uh some other goalie stuff our buddy logan thompson he wanted
to put like a cancer ribbon on his helmet design and the NHL said no like I don't know how like if he
had to run it by them first or whatever but
then it's you know hockey fights
cancer month but then you see
Bobrovsky and Grubauer's mask
they're painted that lavender color like
representative of cancer but they don't have like the ribbon
on there yeah I think I saw a tweet where
sometimes it's just like common sense
needs to prevail they can't get out of their
own fucking way sometimes, man.
It's like, you know, he wasn't trying to stick an actual ribbon on his thing,
just have it painted on.
So how come he can't have that painted on, but they can have the color?
It's just like, I don't know.
I mean, is anti-cancer, is that really a fucking cause?
Isn't the whole planet anti-cancer?
Is it really a fucking cause?
I mean.
I don't know.
NHL, get out of your own fucking way sometimes, man.
You know what I mean?
Sometimes.
That's like a mini grind my gears.
Yeah, a little bit.
We got another one coming later, though.
Dylan Cousins, man.
Forgot to check the game notes.
Oh, check the game notes.
Gee, should we run the auto on that?
Situation probably didn't call for it there.
I let my frustration get the best of me.
And, you know, I kind of went after him.
And it escalated a lot quicker than I prepared myself for.
And I think I need to know kind of who I'm going up against and,
and be a little smarter next time for sure.
I respect the hell out of him.
Complete respect.
Like he,
he's very open.
Like,
yeah,
I kind of a little bit out of my weight class and I mean,
Hathaway's a bulldog,
but,
but I really loved him.
He'll hawk a loogie in your eye too. He's a savage. Yeah. He's a sickdog. But I really love that we talked to him. He'll hawk a loogie in your eye, too.
He's a savage.
Yeah, he's a sicko.
And we talked to Devin Levi.
We had a great interview with him last week.
That'll be coming out at some point in the near future.
And we brought this up.
And he said the guys loved it, though.
And I remember one time I got in a fight, and the guys came in, and they were all fired up.
I didn't necessarily do that great.
But when you see somebody stepping up, and Cousins is this young stud, and they were getting p up like i didn't you know necessarily do that great but when you see somebody stepping up and and cousins is this young stud and like they were getting pounced by philly and he
didn't give a shit and obviously regrets it a little but the guys loved it and buffalo i think
has won the next two games since that happened or maybe maybe maybe it's been a little longer
because i know cousins missed too but it was just funny to hear him say like yeah i wasn't really
aware of what i was dealing with who's the guy in slap shot where he he wasn't he was kind of a pussy but then he got
fired up and he's a killer yeah he's a killer he's an animal yeah it's a fucking mess that's
gonna be cozy now from now on killer real quick on buffalo uh kyle pozo 999 games played will
pay as a thousand game this week.
Wow. Couple clicks, boys. Couple clicks
here. I think they're doing a little pregame
ceremony for him, too, so that'll be real cool.
I will remember you.
We want to see Getwell to
Witt's old teammate, Seattle's Jordan Ebley.
He suffered a deep cut from a skate play at a practice,
so they ended up calling up Shane Wright
and Ryan Winterton, who's their third-round
pick. Seattle's back in 21, his first pro pro year so hopefully he's doing a lot better also
want to say i get well to otari leckan and just a horrific that look that was one of the scariest
looking things i've ever seen oh my god it it could have thank god it didn't end like it could
have but it was you know they say heads up don't duck when you're going into the boards he had to head down head directly in and i was scared shitless when i saw the clip luckily it's uh he he's he's okay
in the sense of what could have happened yeah jared bedna said you know agree it wasn't a penalty
it was just a hockey play gone right because even alexiak was kind of like oh shit because he kind
of buffed him for the side just the momentum took him in it was just awful like you just cringe when
you see it but uh they asked bed now how do you replace him in the lineup he said you don't you know like he's been like like
you say a swiss army knife man he's just he's a pound when they ended up picking him up the year
um they won the stanley cup he came over from montreal and they ended up paying a pretty good
price and i hadn't watched them enough in montreal but oh my god he fit in perfect oh yeah so fast
out there and i think he's also
evolved as a player so uh that's definitely a difficult loss and a guy who provides some depth
scoring for that team and uh yeah yeah he fit in right he fit fit in like a glove absolutely yeah
so get well guys we hate seeing anyone hurt especially in those type of circumstances
uh congratulations to all the hockey hall of fame inductees they were enshrined last night uh henrik lundquist mike vernon tom barasso pia turgeon ken hitchcock pia lacroix and caroline
roulette i mean your boy hank you were talking about the other night what i mean the highest
honor you can get man it's other than a cologne yeah it seemed like it was a very goalie heavy
heavy year vernon who uh you know for a while a lot of people thought he deserved to get in he
won a consmite two Stanley Cups uh I think at the beginning of that year with the Detroit Red Wings
it was supposed to be Chris Osgood's net wasn't it and he kind of took over and took him on that
run and then uh Tom Barrasso who I've heard is a a pretty fucking silly guy you ever heard any of
these Tommy Barrasso stories I I think he could be a little grumpy yeah yeah i think that's what we'd love to get him on the prime i'd love to get oh i saw a point
and then yeah and then our boy hank man i mean uh probably we we joked about the if you had a
golden coin that you'd give a former player who you think deserved to win a stanley cup who never
got to we didn't bring him up we never brought him up and he's another guy where his sustained
excellence in new york being the goaltender
remember it's just you back there and having that sustained excellence for that amount of time and
holding yourself with such like class and grace like he did uh remarkable and deserved a better
fate as far as the stanley cup but he got his vesna. His career numbers speak for themselves. And if the Fugazis would have supplied him with some depth scoring
and overall better goal support, I think he probably does have his Stanley Cup, guys.
Yeah, 100.
Yeah, 100.
They couldn't score off the shit farm.
He certainly played well enough to get it.
And as far as Barrasso is, actually, it was a little over 40 years ago.
I saw his very last high school game ever.
He was playing for Acton-Boxborough. He lost lost actually to Mattenon I was I sat right behind
the net the old Boston guy so wouldn't have known 40 years later he'd be in the hockey hall of fame
but congrats up to Tom Barrasso local guy well Massachusetts local uh also the Penguins finally
gonna retire Jarme Yagas number 68 on February 18th before they play the Kings it's gonna be
just the third number retired by the franchise,
obviously number 66 and number 21 for Michelle Breer.
Jagger last played there in 2001,
and people wondering what the hell took so long.
And I guess under Mario's ownership group,
there was an internal agreement not to retire many numbers
because they've had so many Hall of Famers there.
I don't think they don't want to be like,
I guess the old Boston Celtics where you don't have any more numbers
to choose from.
But they did
agree 87-71 and 58
will eventually be up there with Jags. So
congrats to the Jags. Well, I mean, if that's
the case, then you know, Malkin's
going up there. You know, Sid's going up
there. Do they put
Flower or Letang?
He just said Letang. Just said Letang.
Yeah. 87-71 and 58.
They didn't say Marc-Andre definitely would be up there. He literally just Letang. Just said Letang, yeah. Oh. Yeah, 87, 71, and 58. They didn't say Marc-Andre definitely would be up there yet.
Oh, you're laughing.
Where was I when that?
He literally just read that.
Well, maybe I was already thinking of the question in my head.
That's a good question, though.
Flower, I feel like, is a part of those three.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He was there for all three of the Cups.
He was the starter.
I guess he didn't start for the other two.
Well, what do you mean?
He led them all the way to the eastern conference uh finals and murray took over i believe game six of that series against ottawa so the first one he
didn't murray didn't play till game six of the eastern conference he got hurt he got the first
of the back-to-back i believe yeah my my original thought would be those four guys from those three
stanley cups would all be up there and maybe they're not rob scuderi and scuds and and and skillsy maybe they're not saying that now like they've said
about malcolm uh crosby and letang because flowers on another team where they wouldn't come out and
be open with it but i would think he would yeah well because you're thinking of you said all these
hall of famers that they've had like paul coffee well right he was more known as an oiler right yeah mark recce and you know uh like talking as a guy you know guys all these guys who played
for them and won cups and you know you can't retire every single number yeah ronald francis
and another another name uh but some sad news from the hockey world uh the kids broke sunday
morning uh former flyers in kings go away rome and check manic passed away just 52 years old
um he had i think four seasons he played there.
Imagine he had 25 shutouts in just four NHL seasons.
He was a great goalie for a couple years,
and then he went back to the Czech after here.
But, yeah, just sad news.
So we want to convey our condolences and sympathies
to his family, friends, and former teammates
who are in mourning right now.
It's always sad when we lose anybody,
especially at that young of age.
So, G, we mentioned Chickalich University
is going to be coming. Give us the rest
of the details. Chickalich University, I'm very,
very excited about this. This is a very special
project to me, so please go watch it.
It will be on YouTube Wednesday
6 p.m. UMass is our first school.
They just completely renovated their
locker rooms, their facilities, so they're
absolutely incredible. It's a really cool look to
Greg Carvell. Let us follow follow him around basically to watch practice video
meetings we got really the the whole monty so that'll be an awesome video 6 p.m wednesday
give it a watch means a lot to me oh absolutely looking forward to hg the rest of staff we always
pump the boys tires fish crush the edit fish uh yeah it's it doesn't really do
much but he just hangs around and jock sniffs the the new jersey devils he's i think he's in
the back over there cranking his horn off to jack hughes highlights uh biz you know it's grinding
my gears this week yeah what's grinding your gears all right grinds my gears brought to you by big
deal brewing.com slash find i have to say, the lip injection one was not expecting that.
It was awesome.
Yeah, yeah.
We saw a victim last night sit down at a table.
We won't mention restaurants,
but the girl sat down briefly with us.
Well, she stood up.
I said, all right, is that what you meant?
I was about to say that.
I was looking over.
I was like, oh, my God,
because it was just like, it's just so...
What do you mean, my future ex-wife?
No, no, not the one you were...
Well, maybe... Well, he was actually talking to to both he had two future ex-wives last night
yeah it's like oh my god it's like you know just that's why i can fucking look at what you're
talking about whatever that's her road a whole not mine bugging me fucking all the time but this
week dude i remember what you go walking to a bank and take out a deposit i know people go why
do you go to a bank with atms because atms only give you a fucking well they give you a thousand now since covid dude if you need a couple sometimes
you gotta take two three five grand out banks are fucking sure to take money out you used to go in
give your id boom within fucking two minutes you'd be in and out now even taking a thousand dollars
out it's a whole show we got to get it fucking okay by the bank and okay by the manager bring
the manager over it's like you got to bring you to the back room and give you a cavity search
one time you know i had i had to go the back room and give you a cavity search.
One time, you know, I had to go, you know,
had to give somebody a cash payment for something.
And I was taking out like, you know, five, six grand.
And they're like, oh, we don't have that here.
I'm like, you're a fucking bank.
How do you know the fucking five grand here?
It's not like fucking 50 grand.
And they're like, well, if you're going to take this much,
I'll call ahead.
I was like, call ahead for fucking to take five grand.
It wasn't a fucking major amount.
I love when they turn it around on you like it's a you problem where it's like, call ahead for fucking to take five grand out. It wasn't a fucking major amount. I love when they turn it around on you like it's a you problem where it's like, well,
it says here I have 20 grand in my account and I'm trying to take out one fourth of it and you're having me give my fucking fingerprints.
Yeah.
All right.
You know why they do that, right?
It's because every time you put, let's say, 100 grand in the bank, they lend 90 of it
out.
That's how banks operate. They lend 90 of what is 100 grand the bank they lend 90 of it out that's how banks operate they lend 90
percent of what is deposited in the bank out and that's why they ended up collapsing in 2008 it's
it's fucking it's it's annoying as fuck when you're the bank and people want their money and
it's fucking it's just give it to me it's a pain in the ass as far as like the ten thousand dollar
limit like i never put in or take out more than 10 grand because if they if you do if you don't
like withdraw or deposit more than 10 grand,
they make a notation to the IRS.
They're basically snitching.
You don't want that.
No, even if you're not doing anything nefarious or whatever,
it's just like, why the fuck are you guys going to tell them
that I'm taking this much out or putting this much in?
You know when that number was created?
And it was to fucking capture criminals from the RICO Act, 1971.
And they've never fucking raised it for inflation once.
Because why would they? Now they can, you know, get, if someone's fucking around for 10 grand, criminals from the RICO Act 1971 and they've never fucking raised it for inflation once because why
would they now they can you know get if someone's fucking around for 10 grand they can get tipped
off to it like my day is like torn that shit is shady shady shit are over but like back in the
day man I don't want the fucking bank snitch on me the IRS fuck that shit I have a grind my gears
I have a grind my gears what yeah I just thought of it this morning love it love it get these gears going maybe we could get the camera so hotel now hotels nowadays when there isn't the light switch but it's actually
like on like i don't know how to describe this where you have run b-roll over this so yeah so
you have to so last night i woke up in the middle of the night all right i had to pee i had to get
some water i was like it took me five
minutes because these new ones they're like sensors almost you have to press there's like
four different buttons for four different lights and then i'm pressing i'm pressing a button which
actually wasn't for a light which is turning on the fan but you just need a switch right you just
need to have the switch to flip over so when you go into the detail in these hotels
i think it's like the new hero act way of doing things oh my god it drives me absolutely bananas
they need to bring back the clapper i would love it no one else too is with the fucking
showers sometimes these like showers i forget where we were a couple years ago no like no i
agree you need you need a fucking how-to manual to put a shower on no yeah it's crazy if you want
hot water you know i'm talking about about when they got two of them,
when they got two of them, one's pressure.
It's like, come on, this ain't this complicated.
We don't have to be this hotel is unreal though.
This hotel is phenomenal.
Shout out to Austin. Austin hooked
it up. Shout out to Austin. Great guy. Yeah.
If you ever stay at the Pendry in
Newport Beach, it's right next to
Fashion Island. Ask for Austin.
This place is phenomenal. Unbelievable. Well, that's what's grinding all our gears this week once again go to big deal
bruin.com slash finder to see what's grinding your gears gee do we have time for one more yeah
go ahead all right uh how about hank our buddy hank from the pod my take and this that motherfucker
is not real lady how about her tiffany gomas you gotta give the backstory to this so there was a crazy crazy viral video of
a lady having a mental breakdown on a plane or hallucination so she was seeing something right
she i think she might have had a couple substances to maybe relax for the plane she didn't she's i
think they're still pending things in court so she wasn't very specific but she yeah she's the
woman i mean it was all over the place that motherfucker that motherfucker is not real like i don't know if she was actually seeing something her brain was did you listen to
the interview and pardon my take yeah i listened yeah where she says she got in an argument with
the guy next to her and then she said by saying that motherfucker's not real like she's saying
like that guy's being so ridiculous he's not real she's saying i never saw anyone she's now she
wouldn't go into detail like i
already said but the crazy plane lady i think she said it's 50 million views or maybe more probably
more yeah maybe she said 500 million the reason it went so viral though is because she was a
rocket she's a smoke bomb yeah smoke i would still get down on so is hank now is i might
cock block hank is hank her? So I don't know.
Well, PMT, I'm sorry, PFT comment that reached out on Twitter.
And I don't know if she was in Chicago on business or came up to see those guys.
And she was kind of buddy-buddy with him for the week.
She sat in the gambling cave.
She went on the show.
And then the next day, like, she's at the football game.
What was it?
Northwest and Iowa.
Well, Hank and PFT were both there.
But the first pitch was just her and Hank and then they were grilling Hank
like what's going on he's like she's a very lovely
girl I think you call him right now and put him on
the spot I wrote I texted him I said
you crush crazy plane lady question
mark
he goes
nah I kind of fumbled PFT
told me her flight was Saturday night
after the game so I sent up
a date with a different girl.
Then on Saturday, we went to game, and she told me she moved her flight to tomorrow and wanted to go out, but I had already bailed early.
I go, damn.
So, Hank, that's when you call the other girl and be like, hey, I had a little dipsy do something.
Come up.
I'll have to push you.
Come on, man.
That would be an all-time.
You would have canceled RA for Crazy Plane Lady?
It's tough canceling
a date late for a nice yeah yeah that's tough i don't know if you're probably not getting another
crazy plain lady though come on that's like an all-time story yeah so like you know she's going
viral after she murders you like it's like a hot shit though i mean she seemed like you know like
a nice girl she took the piss well and yeah she's she's short right she looked like she was yeah she yeah
she's definitely not a lot of like spinner that's all but i love when they ask they ask hank like
is this a bit and hank goes life is a bit that may be the funniest thing hank ever said so either
way hank we love you buddy whatever you're doing i hope you get married yeah i hope that our boys
uh great time here in southern cal i'm gonna be taking off
good luck with the sandbags this week uh you'll have one less drunk idiot on it for the next
couple but it's been a great time i mean what a showing ra you are a secret weapon we had eight
in a row now we're at 10 i don't think we win those last two matches if our rate doesn't come
up and act as a decoy we definitely don't win the bx uh yeah I can't say his name, Juice. He wants to kill me and Getzee because we made RA get so smothered,
and then they really got involved,
and then all of a sudden they couldn't drunk perform.
So, yeah, RA, thanks for those wins.
I have that problem sometimes, too.
I only get buckled on those things because you asked me to.
I mean, I could be a gentleman.
You never get buckled otherwise.
No, I do.
It was an order.
You actually did give me an order on the second
one. So, no. Anyways, guys, it was a great time out here.
Can't wait to come back and good luck this week
and any final thoughts, G?
That's it. Check with you, baby.
Have a great week, everybody. See you later.
