Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 471 of Spit and Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast.
R.A. is leaking right now.
Family, I am leaking. I'm always leaking.
He's leaking coffee, sweat. It's like 58 degrees in here.
What's up, boys? We're on the road again. We've been traveling quite a bit.
We are down the dirty south of Atlanta once again,
doing a little sneaky business.
We'll get to it a little bit later.
But we're going right to Sweden right now.
Our pal Matt Murley, the newest correspondent.
What's going on, buddy?
How are the old Global Series going for you?
It was tough.
Four games in four nights.
They don't make players play that.
And us media, we took it on and we pulled it off,
but I'm paying for it right now. Is it true that you told the wife that you were going for the
first two games and then heading home? And then sure enough, you went four for four?
So first I was going to go alone the first two games because they were eight o'clock games. And
then the family was going to join me for the Saturday 5 p.m. But all the kids are getting sick over here.
So wife of the year I got.
She took home everybody on Saturday.
So I end up going to the game Saturday.
I woke up to a text from her Sunday.
Like, everything's going well at home.
You might as well stay for the final game.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
Wife of the year.
Wife of the decade.
Wife of the century.
You better be Christmas shopping right now.
Holy shit, Murr.
So you were ready to go home, and you were able to check.
What was the last game?
It was like 2, no, 3 o'clock over there?
2 p.m., so it was like a pop-up.
Like, oh, I got to get going.
I got to get back over there.
And it was really nice because I had an old teammate of mine,
Mikel Hammerstrom, who played at RPI with me.
Sounds dangerous.
And if that name sounds familiar, his dad was Inga Hammerstrom.
He was an NHL player, longtime scout.
But it tied us into this whole weekend.
I got to talk to Inga and hang out with him.
He's Swedish hockey royalty.
He's the player that Toronto went to watch.
And then they saw Bjorn Bjor
sounding.
Oh,
so they both came over together and,
and you know,
they were,
they were thick as thieves.
So we got to spend some time with him,
run into another guy,
Tommy,
Tommy Bergman.
I never knew about this guy.
He came over a year before he played for Detroit and he was like the first
Swede to ever play a full season.
So that was the kind of stuff you saw down there you I mean everybody saw that Sundin and Alfie were
there and and Zetterberg and everything but these old legends were there too and I got lucky enough
to to talk to him so should we give a little bit of a backstory here for those hockey fans who have
been living underneath a rock so they had the the world premiere games we actually did it to kick
off the season with Pittsburgh one year wait you were on the squad too weren't you i was injured i had had surgery
so i couldn't go over yeah and i remember you know they didn't take me over because all the
rehab i was doing i was still in like a walking boot and i think it was 10 days roughly you guys
were over there and i was just alone downtown it was miserable sorry buddy i was rattled but um yeah it's great that they're
doing it I feel like this was probably the most successful one they've had I just like how they
ended up bringing four teams over and it's also in the midst of the season so I feel like more
people are are already involved like already revved up for hockey considering over in Sweden
it even starts before the NHL season I want to say that regular season there starts in September. So they did four
teams. Toronto went over, Minnesota,
Ottawa, and Detroit.
And like us when we
went over to play against Ottawa with Pittsburgh,
most of those teams are loaded up with
Swedes, especially who the star
of the league right now, in my opinion,
William Nylander. And you actually got to
ask him a question after the one game
and you had your Brian McGonigal boss dual sports here Timmy Thomas moment yep I had I got the press pass right here
I had the official pass for all the games and uh hey Merle's game notes hey let me play it I'll
play the audio here Merle's from game notes I couldn't help but notice but the first goal and
the third goal came from the blue paint from the mixer is that something you work on or think about and get pucks there and bodies there um i just think that's the kind
of the game the way the game was going for us nothing was really clean everything was just kind
of sliding off our stick whatever so we had to get there to get a get a couple dirty ones i guess
i love that you got the mixer in there and then of course you get the the link to the t-shirt
your mixer t-shirt that you sell was just it was professional uh media uh music by you i guess because you knew exactly what you were
going to ask you had to think of a question prior though no yeah we were i was sitting with a
swedish reporter henrik showberg who uh actually gave me a wrong tip he told me it was going to be
olympic ice end up being nhl ice and he was just he was just talking to me all game he's like you
got to come down there your media you media. You can come down there.
I'm like, ah, I don't know if I can go down there. He's like, get down there.
You're coming with me. You're like, I'm ready to ask a,
be ready to ask a question. Cause he had the camera with him.
He's like, I'll get it all. It'd be perfect for you.
And then everything just unfolded perfectly where Nylander gets all the points.
And then he's one of the,
they only brought in two players and he was one of the players. It just wasn't a lot of other people there put my hand up i called on me and
and i hit it i hit it out what was your heart rate when you asked it it wasn't too nerve-wracking
just because there wasn't that many people there you know there was probably only seven or eight
other media down there and i know i just feel like i kind of like i know willie i've known him i
played against him when he was 16 years old over here.
And I just, I wasn't that intimidated by him where I would have been a different story
if I had to interview him on Sunday after that goal.
Well, he, he, he answered it.
Awesome.
Like he gave you a lot to work with.
Did he recognize you?
Did he get, do you get a chance to give you the head nod afterward or play cats up and
play tummy sticks?
No, I didn't get to talk to
him after i i feel like he didn't because he didn't really smile or unless he's that much of
a pro but he had a lot going on oh you think dude this guy was on a television show with with a with
with a i can't say the word i was gonna say a tank top a white tank top he was playing hey he was
talking to that madison beers girl like she is an absolute missile were they trying to hook her and him up yeah i didn't get to watch
the show because it was all in swedish but the girl's talk show uh bianca i think it is was on
there she's a huge huge reality star and the old lady no not the old lady he's like the the rosanne
of the show kind of like on the view you got the roseanne and you have the missile to the left i had you ever heard of that that show like being from living in sweden
yeah and my wife watches her reality show and listens to her podcast and everything she's a
mega star and then he's on there in the white tank top just the legend what's the backstory
between like him going on with the tank top did Did they make him wear that, or he just decided to?
I think that's just Willie Stiles.
I think that's it.
But he is the it guy in the National Hockey League,
one of the most it guys in all of sports right now.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
You think he's one of the most it guys in all of sports?
100, dude.
He hasn't gone a game yet this season without recording a point
he's on a 17 game heater i'm gonna agree with you maybe the it guy in the nhl right now but when we
go in all sports here buddy he was three minutes away from whipping out his hog on zoom cam with
madison beers like what are you talking about i want to see this who is madison beer like the
girl with 40 million instagram followers i'm looking at? Oh, yeah. She was on that with him?
Buddy, they were.
Is she Swedish?
No, I don't know how this all got lined up.
But listen, if the NHL needs to do one thing other than create NFTs or get merch deals going with fanatics,
is they need to fabricate a relationship just like the nfl is done with travis kelse and taylor swift
it needs to be madison beers in the in not even not not just at the press box bring her down right
on the glass in in toronto's barn and get the get the internet popping that's how you're going to
garner views to the national hockey that's how franchise values are going to double and triple
in the next few years if you start getting getting Willie in the mix, there was also,
I think there was like a three block lineup to get his autograph to at one
point in stock.
I would have been standing in it.
Yeah,
I know you would have been.
And then you would have been there for Brady Kachuk cause he's on the
sins too.
It could have been perfect.
You should have gone to,
it would have been a two for one.
That was the big talk over here.
And in one thing,
chicklets is worldwide.
I was,
it wasn't just people from Sweden and North America here.
There was Slovakians here, Finnish.
There are tons of people from England.
Really?
And the big question, all the talk was how busy is Ottawa and Toronto.
Nobody can believe it.
Nobody wants any part of that.
So the word around was you got to pick a team, even though they did go 4-0.
Your two teams went 4-0 over here.
Merles, I actually mentioned to the guys in California last week
of someday doing a Euro trip.
You think we could pack a big meet-and-greet in Euro?
Oh, not a problem.
I was just going by myself, and I'm a plug.
I didn't stop talking to people for two hours before the game.
Everybody knew chicklets.
Everybody wanted to know where Biz was.
It was quite the show.
Was Toronto the only team who didn't have to play back-to-back over there?
I think so.
I know their opponents both were off back-to-back.
Within Minnesota.
Maybe the fourth team didn't have to.
What was the most electric game, Toronto versus Detroit?
And explain your start of the weekend to the end.
You ended up going to all four games. What what was the most sold out what was the best
game I'm sure you were probably there for that moment where Stutzel scored the OT winner baseball
fucking swing out of the air one of the best that that might have ramped them up and gave them enough
morale to make playoffs this season I said that and then I had a bunch of haters coming at me
online and they're like keep dreaming have you watched him play i'm like buddy they're a bunch
of young guys trying to figure it out where they're and they haven't had goaltending and they
haven't had he's ridiculous stutzel he's a fucking machine like i don't think people understand how
good he is he's on a pace to have like one of the most legendary seasons of all time for his age
player but so yeah merles i interrupted you're good best
game best atmosphere most impressive player i guess besides nielander it was i mean i'll just
start like it was like it was scripted the entire weekend so thursday night you know
there's a ton of goals in the german because there's tons of germans there so stutzel he gets
the highlight real goal the next night the next time was the big night where every friday
night everything was sold out all the suites were open all the dinner tables all the swedish nhl
legends were there that was the detroit leafs game nylander puts on the show um even then the next
game which was kind of like the dud game it was ottawa versus minnesota but it worked out where
they both started a swedish. Oh, that's awesome.
And they were going back and forth.
It was 1-1.
It goes to a shootout.
The goalie even had an assist for Ottawa.
So that game was perfect.
We all saw Sunday.
Like, thank God I was there Sunday to see that game.
And I was sitting right above where he scored the goal.
Where Nylander scored the OT winner?
Yeah, I think it was Riley did
the diving block shot at the
other end, and it got on Willie.
Yeah. And once Willie
had it, you saw him coming right
at me. I was like, this game's over.
And he was just like...
He was just doing what everyone wanted.
Because it was a forward. I think it was Johansson.
It was Johansson who he ended up
getting to take one-on-one. He probably realized i got him beat easily and then he went short side too
like you thought he'd bring it across the crease and he just put it in quickly it was it was sick
they placed so the place went bananas was it mostly leafs fans no so that's the thing it was
that's what was so cool that there was four teams here because every everybody didn't just go to
every game you know the Leafs fans waited and
they went to their two games the Detroit fans were here early went to their games and then you know
there's all these other Europeans that were just couldn't find a ticket to that game this game so
it was it was really like a mix but a lot of Detroit a lot of Toronto those are the majority
of the jerseys but the Wild were well represented. Ottawa was represented. It was a home run.
Merles, I got goosebumps on my arm right now thinking about when I was there with Pittsburgh when we played Ottawa
and Matt Sundin came out to drop the ceremonial faceoff.
It felt like the people there stood up for 10 minutes giving him a standing O.
Who were the legends who ended up dropping the puck and maybe some of the legends that you were able to see there?
I mean, I'm sure Lidstrom was in attendance given the fact that Detroit was there.
Like give us some names.
Yeah.
So Bjor Salman's son,
he dropped the puck the first night and that was kind of going in.
They,
they made a TV series about his career and everything so that a lot of the
players went to that premiere.
I think,
I think Nylander was at that too during this week.
So they had a big premiere for him um i know sundin was there sunday he came out with his
three kids and dropped the puck sunday uh alfie was out to drop a puck let's drop the puck i
thought let's show must have done another one and that was the fourth one then well actually um
ra was trying to start out the rumor boys where he was getting us all amped up on alfredson going
behind the bench to coach he thought that there was going to be a coach swap mid-trip and i'm like pump the
brakes buddy they're in sweden obviously they're asking to do that just because he's a legend there
and it'll get the fans excited all right were there any other notes that you've written down
as far as rumor boys are concerned with alfie uh well he ain't going anywhere now they're two and
oh with them behind the bench he's's coming back over to Ottawa to coach?
He lives in Ottawa, right?
Yeah, he lives because he's been helping out with the team.
And then he left, and then when Andlau bought the team,
he brought him back into the organization
because he invited Andlau over for lunch.
He cooked him Swedish meatballs, Merle.
He had him overcooked meatballs, and he
rehired him, but he doesn't have a specific title.
He does coach with the players, and
they say anytime you offer something, just spill out.
DJ Smith's like, anything you have, whatever you want to tell the boys,
tell them.
He's got kind of carte blanche to do whatever you want with the guys.
It's not like an adversarial thing at all.
DJ Smith, I asked him to join the bench with him.
Okay.
All right.
Just clearing up the rumor voice situation there.
It seems like a lot of teams are are doing that
involving these older legends right you see spezza in the mix well obviously he went with dubas uh
i mean we've talked about it countless times with talk adding the siddines to help out with the
power play gonchar uh adam foot with the d squad another guy and i wrote this down with and we
texted each other because we keep forgetting mike yo is actually a part of that coaching staff as well.
We had with the Pittsburgh Penguins organization.
Unbelievable guy.
He was, where was he head coach?
Minnesota, then Philadelphia, and then now he's back to being an assistant.
And he was St. Louis.
And then he got let go and they won it all.
Wasn't that when Chief took over for him?
So he's been around.
I think he was a great assistant coach for me.
I don't know how we just got on Vancouver.
No, I switched over because a lot of teams are incorporating the mindsets
of these legends and skilled players who once played to come on the bench
and coach a little bit.
Let me get your interpretation of what's going on with our power play
and where we can help maybe fix a few things.
So just getting intelligent minds in the kitchen in order to cook up some success.
So Ottawa 2-0, maybe they should keep Alfie on the bench,
as you mentioned, the rear.
I got one question before we move on from World Games.
One, Merles, are you hearing anything as to where they could go next?
And two, for you guys, where would you like to see them go next?
Well, Pablo said Mexico City.
I think
there's 20 to 25 million people there and him going there would probably you know it would be
chaos I would imagine and I would love to go watch some hockey in Mexico City I heard nothing but
good things and you know obviously they got pretty good powder over there too yeah the the rumors
were swirling over here and I I'm I don't want to confirm it but it's pretty
much munich next year they just built a brand new arena and it seems to bounce like that sweden
germany finland sweden germany finland so it lines up that that rumor is probably true so
munich next year and but who knows with how many teams it definitely have to be the oilers because
you got to get dry side.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But to make Ottawa come back again would be tough,
but we'll see where that goes.
But last thing about that too,
I,
there was a girl there with an EBR sign.
I saw that she,
she made it so big that they wouldn't let her hold it up.
So it was,
it was fun for her to see that over there.
And one last thing they,
they need to do though,
is change it.
They should have had these games last weekend
when all the European leagues were on break
because then all more fans and even, like, players could have came
when they're on their break to see their buddies
and see their games and stuff.
So they just missed on that one weekend
because a lot of fans were split.
Do I watch Timra?
Do I watch my team?
I think, though, it is cool besides you because
you're an alien who stays up for every game i mean nhl games are on at 1 a.m over there so like
it's so special for these fans to get to go see you know their favorite players and their favorite
nhl teams in person i think london would be sick just with how big of a city it is i don't know
about their arena in terms of if there's a nice enough arena to hold it over there.
Have they had it in Helsinki before?
Has this happened in Helsinki?
Yeah, they were in Finland last year, but I think it was in Tapara.
But it was Helsinki a few years before that, I believe.
They got a huge rink there.
They should do one in Rome at the Colosseum.
Weren't you just there?
You didn't get a rink there?
I don't know.
I don't know if they could figure that one out.
Do your Italian accent again. like you're showing people around the
outdoor rink. People said it was like Mexican.
I don't even
remember. I thought it was awesome.
Kneeling, goes over
the center ice, and he scores
a beautiful goal. Resign him
right now, and Leafs not win another Stanley
Cup for a hundred more years.
Oh, yes.
What's that meat I like?
A prosciutto.
A mozzarella.
I would like Italy to be sick.
I don't really understand.
I mean, Mexico City.
He's from Mexico City, I guess.
Pablo.
But really?
Mexico City?
Do they have a rank there?
I mean, because, you know, it's a fucking pretty hot area. That's a heck of a question. Really? Mexico City? Do they have a rink there?
I mean, because it's a fucking pretty hot area.
That's a heck of a question.
I mean, I know it's high altitude, too.
I don't know how much that would affect it. How about we do it in Munich next year,
and then we do it in Mexico City when we post up a rink?
Munich would be sick, actually.
Munich would be awesome.
Overall, though, out of 10, Merles,
what would you rank the whole world premiere experience this year?
It looks like they hit it out of the park,
and one good thing that the NHL did do.
Yeah, it's definitely a 9.5 out of 10.
The only little thing was I wish there wasn't the Timra games going on
or the German games because these guys are playing in those leagues.
Their buddies are on those teams.
My buddy Ennis is playing in Germany,
but he would have loved to come up to Stockholm
and see Spurgeon play for the Wild,
and I would have got to see him and stuff.
But it was awesome with the four teams.
You got so many people here.
Three out of the four games go to overtime.
You couldn't ask for anything better.
It was really something.
As far as the paparazzi stuff,
were the boys out to Cafe Oprah
until three, four in the morning,
bringing home Swedish supermodels?
Who did you see maybe wheeling out yeah i
don't i don't go to those kind of places anymore so i didn't really see that my child i saw some
of the coaches out and about at the pubs and pubs i was frequenting and you see your boy sheldon
yeah were you playing tummy sticks no i didn't no i didn't get to see him i went down in the in the
balls of the rink the one game i ran into Billy G and Ryan Carter from Minnesota,
and then I pulled Fleury out of the locker room.
And I had Bogosian.
I was talking to Bogosian.
He's like, oh, I'll go get Fleury for you.
And I see him talking to Fleury,
and I think Fleury didn't know who I was anymore.
And I start just yelling at him.
I'm like, hey, don't forget who drove you to your first NHL game
and your first NHL practice.
I'm like, get out here and talk to me.
And then he comes out.
Oh, Matt.
Hi.
Hi.
He's so nice.
He's still like, who is this?
Who am I talking to right now?
No, I knew he knew me because then he's like, oh, you got to tell Biz and Witt and all those
guys.
I say, hello, blah, blah, blah.
And he's such a nice guy.
I'd find I talked to him quick and let him go on his way.
I didn't want to be too big of a jock sniffer down there.
But Billy G, did he mention Billy G's an unhappy man right now.
The Minnesota Wild are just, they're a dumpster fire.
So I didn't know, did that come up,
or were you more just kind of shooting the shit with them?
No, it was kind of just quick shooting.
He was kind of like, whoa, what are you doing here?
Oh, yeah, you live here, don't you?
I'm like, yeah, I live up there.
I mean, they played better.
They came away with only two points, but they played well.
Kaprizov doesn't look right.
Something's off with him.
Yeah.
Like live.
It really didn't look right.
Really?
Yeah.
I guess the one game,
um,
it would have been the last game.
He had,
I don't even think he had a shot on net.
So I don't know.
Maybe he's battling something,
but yeah,
he,
they need him to be that hundred point Kaprizov guy that we've seen since he
came over here.
He needs a little road to pine.
Yeah. It's going around the league.
Oh, it's going around the league.
We should hop into that right now while Merle's is on.
I actually don't know.
Are you making that, or is this a joke?
No, it was a joke.
I don't know with him.
He could be making this.
We might make it, though, eventually.
But right now, we're not.
But, yeah, I don't know exactly. Well, you know what, Merle's? All you do for us and Game Notes, we're not but uh yeah i don't know exactly well you know what
merles like all all you do for us and game notes we're just crushing it the numbers are great you
and army are doing a hell of a job you have to grind these late nights to come on with us it
was nice for you to get some games over where you live and get to go down and have a nice weekend so
as always thank you for your coverage and i'm glad that you didn't have to travel one of those 18-hour travel games days
to come see the boys and see some NHL action.
Merle's in Friday this week, right?
Game Notes will be on Friday this week because of American Thanksgiving Thursday,
so the Black Friday Game Notes extravaganza will be happening on Friday.
Yep, and I just talked to Elia.
Wednesday night I'll be on Mr. Ice because there's no games Tuesday,
and then we got game notes Friday.
And it is a lot easier coming home from those four gamers,
four-day benders, and there's no flight over the ocean.
This is nothing.
Oh, it was easier than Vegas to Houston to Jersey to Munich
to Stockholm train ride to fucking Sonsville.
Amazing race.
Will you get a little um american
thanksgiving action over there for just you guys or yeah we got some we got some good plans for the
weekend um after the weekend i'll find out if i'm able to release them and i'll maybe uh let you
guys know on game notes next week oh love a tease okay okay mer well great job keep crushing it um our european correspondent ebr the man
matt merlin what one one question on the way out merles what do you do for the old lady now
that she gave you the green light for sunday as a as a husband how do you repay your wife for that
type of just goes down on her for like four hours gotta get the alphabet going with the top just
i know i put up a christmas tree today i got her i got to get the alphabet going with the tongue. I know I put up a Christmas tree today.
I got her.
I got to get the big Christmas present that I probably wasn't going to get her.
Now I got to get her.
She knows.
She knows what she's doing.
And then just every little extra thing.
But she was happy to let me do it.
She knows I got to work hard and shout out to her.
All right.
Final thing.
Biz wants you to take down that wreath because anyone who has Christmas ornaments is a scumbag and a loser.
Exactly.
And don't, if you text me on my birthday or Christmas, I'll fucking kill you.
Grinching it.
Yeah.
I'll slit your throat.
EBR style.
Yeah.
Well, I'll let you guys go and get into it.
I'm off the bed.
Thanks for having me.
All right, man.
Thanks, man.
Thanks to everybody I met down there.
Everybody was so cool, buying beers, saying hello, taking pictures, everything.
The best.
Chicklets fans are the best out there.
Rest that jaw up, buddy.
See you, Murr.
See you, Murr.
Before we go any farther, we're here to talk about Pink Whitney.
We've talked about the New York City trip, but actually before we get into that, it's Thanksgiving week.
we get into that, it's Thanksgiving week. What a perfect time to surprise everyone in your family or your friend group for Friendsgiving and bring over a monster bottle of Pink Whitney or maybe a
couple package of the nips. Watching football, drinking some Pink Whitney, a nice cool fall day,
getting ready to eat some turkey. You can mix some soda water in. You can do it as a shot. You can
just chug the bottle. It's up to you.
But it's a holiday drink that everyone can get a part of.
And what leads into that is the Pink Whitney New York City trip.
We've talked about it.
If you think your friend is the ultimate life of the party, nominate them right now and you could win a Pink Whitney New York City trip.
I've had a lot of people reach out to me.
Hey, can you rig this for me?
Nope, I can't.
This is open to everyone.
reach out to me. Hey, can you rig this for me? Nope, I can't. This is open to everyone. One lucky winner will receive the epic New York City trip for them and three friends, complete with a tour
of Barstool headquarters, meet the personalities that haven't moved to Chicago, see the offices,
see where the magic happens while drinking some Pink Whitney. And the 10 secondary prize winners
will receive Pink Whitney party packs with everything you and your crew need to take your
shot and throw the ultimate house party. It's easy to enter enter go to pinkwhitney.com to enter your info and also with thanksgiving
jello shots everyone enjoys a jello shot what about a pink whitney jello shot you get the apple
pie with vanilla ice cream you get the pumpkin pie you get um another dessert you you might like
and you hammer down some pink whitney jello shots. Maybe that's a little holiday change
we get going with Pink Whitney.
Like I said, nominate your friend
for the life of the party, the New York City trip,
and make sure you include some examples
and describe how they were always
making the party next level.
So get on over right now to pinkwhitney.com
and enter your info.
And of course, make sure you head on over
to your local bar or liquor store and get some Pink Whitney.
Down your throat.
Catch the buzz.
Enjoy Thanksgiving.
Big thanks to our buddy Murr.
Doing big work over in Sweden last week.
Little big scoop too, huh?
Munich next year.
Awesome stuff.
We might have to get over there for that.
I was saying earlier, 9.9 of the players in the league last season were born in Sweden.
105 of them.
Andy, earlier, 9.9 of the players in the league last season were born in Sweden, 105 of them.
Second highest total after 2019, 2020, when 11 of the league was born in Sweden.
Hey, they're evolving, too, especially in the goaltender position, right? Oh, absolutely.
You've seen quite a few come through the last couple of years.
So a great job by the NHL to bring those world premier games over there and even expand by bringing four.
Excellent job by everybody involved. the nhl to bring those world premier games over there and even expand by bringing four um excellent
job by everybody involved i know how hard these people uh behind the scenes from the league work
to put these events on so kudos to them stick taps and uh once again thanks to the mer yeah it was
the nhl's first four team event in one city outside of north america first time they ever pulled that
off so like we're talking about what are they going to do now like the nba is doing this in
season tournament i read that like the rules ride what do you think if it's just weird to have like They haven't pulled that off. So we're talking about what are they going to do now? The NBA is doing this in-season tournament.
I read the rules for it.
What do you think of it? It's just weird to have this in-season cup, I guess.
I love it.
I actually hate that league, but I love it.
Really?
I just owned my father-in-law, that pigeon, Dave.
I just owned him.
He was dogging it.
I said, hold on.
I said, one, he was ripping on the court.
I said, all right, the courts look a little goofy. But guess who's talking about the court?
But everyone's kind of talking about it.
You and I, we were like, what's going on with the court?
Well, all of a sudden, people are chatting about the court.
They got different uniforms for the games.
They have a big, I think each player, I want to say, wins 500 grand.
Each player of the winning team, whoever wins that.
So all of a sudden, you get guys competing a little harder in a regular season in that league where a lot of times they got what do they call it load management they got the load
management they got the rest they got people paying big money to go see their favorite player
he's not playing that night well now all of a sudden i think it ends december 9th but you at
least have the beginning of the regular season probably a little bit more intense now granted
the money in the nba 500 grand for these guys,
it's not like life-changing,
but still there's some guys on each team,
500G bonus if we take this thing down.
So it makes these games a little more entertaining.
It's their stripper money.
Yeah, there you go.
Magic City, we're in Atlanta.
One night for James Hyden.
Yeah, it was fucking his fashion budget for Barney's.
Then you got New Jersey,
so you're selling merch, right?
That's more money generated. You got better
games. You got the court getting some
talk, even though some of them are goofy.
I think it's actually a pretty solid
idea. I don't know if it could work in the NHL
considering you're working towards the
Stanley Cup. It's a little different, but
I think the NBA kind of hit a home run
with this because it's just
an intensity to the regular season
in a league that people complain about the regular season all the time so i don't know if it would work in hockey but
it's kind of interesting at least in the nba i wonder how the ratings will do i'm sure that
final championship game will be a hard-fought battle in that league where usually a december
9th game who cares if the nhl does do it they got to do all games on sundays and go right at the fucking one o'clock
especially with those special jerseys that they got going but you pretty much hit every nail on
the head there like you know some fans like not only do they love the game but they do love the
game for like the silly things like the jerseys and the merchandise so that just you know creates
more revenue stream uh i don't know about like coloring the ice or doing anything silly like
that but as you said that special court everybody's like what's going on with this gimmicky court
right so you're asking the questions therefore you're more involved it looked like most of the
games were also sold out and listen for me in and out of the lineup i played half the games every
year 41 games i i was always up for games but for some of these guys who are playing
20 minutes a night you know game 15 can be a little bit like you know monotonous monotonous
is that monotonous monotonous thank you wit i think so so to create like a little bit of extra
motivation the money situation for players especially at that time the league i think it
just gets everybody playing at
their best and during the lull of the start of the season it gets more fans engaged for something
that they might deem silly but the biggest component to everything for the nba in in my eyes
is the fact that they're not adding more games to the schedule yeah exactly it's all the same
regular season in the midst of the regular season so So for me, it's a home run.
And I think that the NHL should definitely consider either taking something like this on and or doing a best on best every other year, every three years.
Which is what we're hearing now, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Kevin Weeks, like there was a week ago.
Breaking news?
Well, not so much this week. He said, I'm told there are ongoing discussions between involved parties for a potential scaled-down World Cup of Hockey featuring only NHL players, perhaps in 2025 on a potential timeline between the Super Bowl and March Madness.
And then Bill Daly, my stunt double, said, we're hoping to have an international tournament in February 2025.
We're working with the Players Association on the construct of that.
Then after that, we would like to be in a regular rotation between the Olympics and the World Cup every other year,
one or the other.
Chris Johnston, great reporter, said the tourney won't have eight teams.
It's going to be fewer than that.
And it's thought right now that Russia is not going to be participating.
Which is kind of like, I mean, let me ask you this.
Do you think that the NHL belongs at the Olympics?
So we've talked about this in length i do i just think it's that special
and it was that and granted i got to be a part of one sort of but it was like it was just and
and it was also it was in it was in vancouver it was in road i was spraying that all over myself
but uh but it was it was incredible and now it was vancouver and like there were so many
so many different storylines you single then um i think so yeah i think so you just get cte for me
asking you that yeah i was it was a lot of fun i didn't leave the athletic village one i heard
that in that olympics they went through 200 000 rubbers and. Oh, really? Yeah. So you weren't there.
So listen, the thing...
I've said this time and time again.
I just tie my foreskin.
I just tie a knot on the end.
I understand the owner's complaints,
but I just, as a fan of the game,
I want him back in the Olympics. I
think it's that incredible. But if we're going to look at something else besides the Olympics,
get rid of all-star weekend and have that every other year. So every other year, there's an
all-star game and every other year there's this best on best. Kevin Weeks mentioned only NHL
players. I guess that's a little confusing for some fans some of these teams bring over the top
players and maybe the finnish league and the swedish league like canada in the u.s you're
not going to see any guys that aren't in the nhl even for sweden i don't think you would but maybe
some other countries i have an idea what do you got maybe non-nhl players they tried i don't know
who would be in charge of it but they put together the best team possible of guys not playing in the nhl they would get worked i i disagree with you so hold on so you're gonna have team usa nhlers play team usa of
americans that aren't in the nhl no no you would put a world team together of players not playing
in the nhl so they had that in the olympics in in what was it 18 it was horrible it was i mean it
was it was cool to watch but it was no but you're saying they had the best non-nhl in the entire
world and the entire so you could take like there might be three four guys from the khl you've said
this yourself that there's players in the playing in the khl who could probably be pointy game guys
in the national hockey league but they're 30 years old and they're they're hucking back the gas and they're probably making five million tax free living and playing somewhere they're comfortable.
So assembling a team of the best non NHLers, there's probably guys from Finland we've never heard of who can play in the NHL, but they're playing NHLers.
They're playing again.
All the best, the best, the best team to assemble.
Thumped.
I don't know, man. They're. Thumped. I don't know, man.
They're getting thumped.
I don't know.
That's I mean, that's a good discussion for everybody who's listening to this podcast,
especially if you can't have any Russian guys in, which, by the way, like, how about we
need Russia?
If we're doing best on best, we need Russia.
I don't know if that thing's ending anytime soon.
Penalizing those guys.
They got a dickhead dictator.
We can't have Vasilevsky.
No, they're fucking punishing them because they fucking cheat, RA.
They're all gassing up.
What do you mean?
That's why they're punishing them, not because of Putin.
Giving us good stories.
But wait, like, obviously, US will have a team.
Canada will have a team.
But I was thinking, like, would they make, like, a Nordic team like
Swindon?
Yeah, Sweden, Finland.
Swindon.
Norway and Denmark.
Love the name.
Like, pros from there.
You know what I mean?
Because you won't have enough NHLs from just probably Sweden or Finland.
You can't put Sweden and Finland on the same team.
No way.
They wouldn't even do it.
What are they going to do, though?
You could have teams of Swedish.
No, RA, I think that it would be Russia, Sweden, Finland, Canada, US.
Germany's awesome now, too.
Yeah.
We're saying if it's only NHL, it's Germany couldn't.
Yeah, that's true.
But you're saying maybe put together like germany uh i think czech and slovakia would be put together and then
put germany and a couple other team uh where's zuccarello from norway switzerland i think he's
from norway yeah he's norwegian yeah no but like i wrote here u.s canada then like like i said the
nordic countries sweden finland that i, Denmark, and then the rest of Europe.
Like Czech, Germany, all those. I think you go
U.S., Canada, Sweden,
Finland, the rest
of everyone else in Europe. That's five.
So I guess, did they say it would be four
teams? They said it's not going to be
eight. It's going to be fewer than eight. It's going to have at least six.
As of now, it's not going to have Russia.
Do you have enough Finns
that are NHLers to fill out a roster though they're 23 fins in the in the uh in the lead that that can fill out a
roster yeah definitely oh yeah yeah definitely right yeah but it's gonna be because they're
gonna have to do something though i mean i don't they're not gonna be able to have like i would
agree with you guys though on abolishing the all-star game as a result of getting either of
those two olympics back uh the best on best put together by the NHL.
I vote best on best put on by the NHL
simply because that from a financial standpoint,
I don't think for what the NHL provides the Olympics
that they're compensated fairly enough,
or if at all.
I would say the best event going on
in the Winter Olympics is ice hockey.
Yeah, but don't you think it's good for the sport that on the world's biggest stage, Like I would say the best event going on in the winter Olympics is ice hockey. Yeah.
But don't you think it's good for the sport that on the world's biggest stage, you have the sports best players for the whole world to see?
It helps grow the game.
I don't, I personally believe it depends where it is.
Like when the one, when it went to China, I don't think anybody is, is watching.
Well, yeah, the times it's on really does affect it.
And I think that the people
outside of that love hockey and the countries that are playing in it from a global scale don't
necessarily give a fuck if they had their own world cup a legit kind of like the olympics but just
nhl sponsored and ran it would be just as big yes but but here's here's the thing the nhl's uh
yes but but here's the thing i think the nhl's uh biggest potential growth if for me is in the united states of any country that you could pinpoint i still think there's such a major
chunk of the united states audience that you can capture that's why a best on best on north
american soil and even if it's mainly played in the u.s i don't give a fuck i think there's so
much room for growth and it's over here that's why to me going to the olympics like your casual hockey fan from america ain't getting
up to watch olympic hockey i personally don't think oh buddy i i don't know if you're right
about i think that that they're just as tuned in for an for an nhl put on best on best yeah like
when they had the world cup of hockey when it was on
north american soil that to me is the last time that i feel like like north america are you talking
96 yes well that was also played in europe which was the coolest part about that is they had games
over in europe and games in north america and then the final was in um philly and then montreal okay
so my i would imagine then it was the states in canada were
playing their division on north american soil where finland and sweden played over on perfect
do that again then um and we'll send merle to sweden to get buckled and then we can meet up
halfway i'll say this uh best on best i think the u.s is smashing oh the next time we play
so my look at our goalies who's your goalie
who's canada's goalie uh think about that we got hellebuck we got ottinger we got demko who do you
have bennington all day blocker sandwich in your face and i would take him oh snap show we got
bennington's been playing some great hockey this year i didn't say he wasn't and and when the chips
are on the table you go back to the cup run and then even the two years ago when they got beat
out by the abs if he doesn't get hurt uh by caudry there with that collision i think that that was the
toughest series they had uh where were we quickly oh the the canadian versus us argument i agree
that it's neck and neck now but when you're looking at top end talent i i still
lean okay mcdavid mckinnon mccarr fuck you put quinn hughes put the two hughes put cross in the
mix because i'm not saying crosby's embarrassing what he's still doing is a joke the kachuks i
mean yeah the kachuks dude i mean robertson it's like it me saying smash smash you guys is maybe a little bit I'm out over my skis
but buddy it is no longer like we're underdogs no it is no longer at all and actually right
before we got on I saw Bucci um retweet a tweet and I don't know about TNT I'm sure it's it's
very similar but ESPN's games are up 22 percent this year. That's awesome. They're up 44 in 18 to 36-year-olds,
which is from last year.
That's why I said they need to smash
this best-on-best tournament in the United States.
The growth is there.
ESPN's doing a great job.
That Frozen Frenzy they did.
Yeah, and I think we might get one more of those this year.
It might have been Weeksy.
Weeksy's just breaking everything.
Holy shit. Yeah, with half his face in the picture. Hesie just breaking everything. Holy shit. With half his face
in the picture. He's an animal. Just his five
head. Yeah, he said NHL frozen friendly.
It's not going to be a one hit one that's likely
to return prior to the end of this regular season.
And also growing the game. They're
going to do one of those cartoon things like
the NFL. Nickelodeon? Yeah, I don't know if it's with
Nickelodeon, but they're going to do some sort of animated version.
That's the best way to get kids watching. I think they did
that last year. Yeah. At one point did that actually wasn't it earlier
this was it earlier this season what what type of collab would you like to see the nhl do other
than maybe a nickelodeon would there be any other collab with uh whether whether simpsons yeah that
would be okay simpsons would be fun all right you'd be all over that like so maybe a cartoon
version like mixing family guy uh south park would be awesome just because it would like fun all right you'd be all over that like so maybe a cartoon version like mixing family guy
south park would be awesome just because it would like shut all like the liberal hockey fans up
what do you mean there's liberal hockey fans oh yeah just go on twitter oh okay what do you mean
like like with a with a tv channel kind of like just any like uh maybe like reality tv collab or
or you know catching up with the
kardashian nhl any anything you could think of off the board now that wouldn't be my submission
for everyone punching their fucking steering wheel right now i'm gonna do one with like you
porn biz so no i never said that maybe you just uh but uh maybe some browsers action
get a little 20 fans make some money come on that's a good collab william neilander and
madison beer's sex tape revealed on uh on the broadcast i pay a lot for that oh my god they
are oh god you're gonna be getting hit with shrapnel um but give it some thought maybe till
the end of the podcast and we could submit our our results all right this ain't reality tv that
fucking line in the Departed.
Remember when Jack,
that might be the worst line he says.
He's yelling about something.
He goes, this ain't reality TV.
Who said it?
Jack Nicholson in the Departed.
I forget.
Well, he's yelling about something.
It's just such a fucking weird line.
It just said reality TV.
I mean, I'm thinking of the Departed.
But we give the league props
when they have a comment.
The other day, I thought the schedule was great.
I got one.
I got one. A collab.
I want them to do a collab with
Netflix. I want to see a
series that follows the NHL like
they did with the NFL, like quarterback.
Like HBO did?
With following the teams that were playing outdoor classical?
You're talking about following some individual players? No, I want
five players, five different teams.
Hockey guys won't do that shit. Follow them all season.
I think they would.
Tell me Trevor's ignorance is going to say no to that.
Zach Benson in Buffalo, the carny.
I want him.
I love the kid, but you can't throw him in the mix already.
So obviously, Nylander, 100,000, he's one of the guys.
Who would be the other four that you'd like to follow? I'd love to watch Doty.
I'd love to, but he's pretty private.
He's a private guy.
You know who I think would be awesome on it
in a different perspective than William Nylander
is family man Brent Burns.
That would be awesome.
Brent Burns would be great.
Pasta would be excellent.
Alexander Ovechkin in his pursuit for the goal record,
I think he would be awesome.
Wow.
Great, great nod.
Well, even the issue is, though,
quarterbacks won't even do it now.
They did the first one, and nobody's saying yes to do the next one.
I think it's a lot harder than you think.
Yeah, but the amount of pressure on an NFL quarterback compared to maybe just like a first line left winger.
We're talking different stratospheres.
And the money, the money that Netflix can play these guys like it's NHL players aren't getting quarterback money.
You know what I mean?
Where they're getting, even backups are getting 15, 20 million.
Trevor Zegers, five mil.
Why wouldn't you take?
You'd have to follow.
Zegers would have to be another name in the mix.
As far as a goaltender, who would be the most entertaining goaltender to follow?
Bennington would be awesome because he buys into it.
Maybe.
I don't know if flower is going to be
playing next year boys this might be his last dance flower would be awesome because he does
the pranks and stuff all around the locker he would be a great guy all right well i'm sure
that's going to be another uh social media question for everybody who would be the five
nhlers you'd want all right before we go any further here's a few words from our friends at Sport Clips.
Your hair may grow fast, but after going to Sport Clips haircuts, you'll wish it grew even faster.
That's because Sport Clips has the best seats in here.
And that may or may not be because they happen to be right in front of TVs playing sports all day, every day.
We know that watching sports while getting a haircut sure beats watching your reflection get a haircut, which is why at Sport Clips every day is clippers and curveballs,
high tops and Hail Marys, and even waves and wickets, if you're into that kind of thing.
At Sport Clips, you can check in with the pros and mens here and totally check out with pure,
uninterrupted relaxation. So yeah, come watch an endless stream of sports on TV
while getting an awesome haircut.
I got one around the block for me, man.
Place is dynamite.
Boom, sit down, take a thump of nub, watch a little hockey.
Sport Clips, it's a game changer.
Now, when they did the other series,
whether it was the F1 or the golfing,
how many players did they follow around?
Was it five?
Golf went to tournaments,
and then each tournament,
they would pick three to four guys
to follow throughout the tournament.
F1's just the entire circuit that they go around.
So I don't think they actually picked, like,
five guys for an entire season in any of those.
Okay.
All right.
They had the F1 in our vegas uh this past weekend
i guess it was a shit show like fucking they've the first time they went out the guy drove he
hit a fucking sewer cap uh they didn't penalize for it yeah they didn't weld it down enough
because they say the cars are going so fast that if they can decide if they're not welded down the
suction will just fucking rip it right out of the ground that's what happened it damaged like three
of the fucking cars yeah they've been complaining every all the people work out they have been complaining i've talked to
a few people who went and it was just a money grab yeah it was pathetic even just happening he won it
and he was ripping on the entire he he said it was more spectacle it wasn't about the sport which
i mean the problem is i think they got nine more years in vegas it's not just for the first year
being well they they raised the rooms like easily over double the
amount of normal then they were they thought they were going to be over capacity they only ended up
selling out 50 of the rooms for the weekend and because they were given the rooms at discount
they were uh they were blocking so you couldn't see out and watch the race for your room
they said leave it leave it uh leave it blurred out because they wanted to force you to
have to go spend money i talked to people said it cost 75 cab ride and they were like a block away
from where they had to go but because it was just such chaos uh the the restaurants in the hotels
like a sushi place 20 for a piece of fish of sushi just just an obnoxious money grab and when you're talking about the the
racing the common fan they're not rich they're fucking they're they're middle class people but
i think this is more of a euro crowd i think like a loaded euro well it tells you how many people
were actually invested into it by how many went and it wasn't sold out and and it did about 50
percent of the amount that they thought they was yeah the dealers made
out though i saw joe pompey i don't tweeted that dealers at the win in las vegas split seven hundred
thousand dollars in tips on just saturday alone that means each dealer went home with two thousand
dollars in tips five to six times more than their 350 average and the highest amount wins 18 year
history i guess f1 wasn't so bad so at least someone made out right the so the rich people
showed up exactly common man yeah yeah exactly they weren't getting tipped out on the penny
like people off the pedestrian bridges they like had that blocked off too like they were like get
out of here even not even during the race people just trying to peek out there yeah we kind of went
off the rails there no pun intended but uh i love all this talk about where the league's headed and
all these different things you're doing because I think with traditional sports is you have to mix in some of this new
school in order to keep the attention span up,
especially throughout the long,
the wrong long 82 game season.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
You know,
we give the league props when they do good things.
Like the other day,
there was what,
14,
15 hours of hockey on Saturday,
11 o'clock in the morning,
all the way till two in the morning,
good stuff.
But we got to call them out when they do some foolish things.
Like we talked about before, this deal with Fanatics.
I mean, when it broke, G, everybody was dumping all over.
I was like, are they that bad?
I said before, go to that Fanatics sucks site,
and you'll see exactly why everybody hates it.
It's the Twitter account, right?
The Twitter account.
What did I say?
Site.
Okay.
Them, for whatever reason, the fucking app.
They mess with the NHL app.
Perfect for all these years. Worked fine. Fucking army went off on it the other day on Game app. They mess with the NHL app. Perfect for all these years.
Worked fine.
Fucking army went off on it the other day on game notes.
They fucked with the website.
It's just a clusterfuck.
I don't know what they're doing.
The app and the website thing, that is elementary, man.
You need to have that stuff dialed in.
The NHL website and app should be as accurate as humanly possible.
Write exactly where the game is on the game clock.
Whoever scores the goals, get the goals up quick.
They can't even get the goals right.
They got repeated goals on the app over and over.
It'll say three nothing, three different goal scorers.
It's the same three goals with the same two assists.
It's like, at this point, you would think somebody,
like there's people working overnight trying to fix this thing,
but we're close to 20 games in here and there's it's the same
it's gotten worse i don't know what they're doing with that and the nfts i mean give them credit
there nfts they're up they're they're coming up they're hot they're gonna be the next big thing
they might have started that when they were like hot. A hundred percent. Yeah, I know. But buddy, come on.
If you're telling me it takes two to three years
to execute on something like that.
Well, half the people at the company probably got fired.
Focus the electronics team on the fucking website
and the fucking app as opposed to worrying about NFTs.
Now, going back to the app and the website,
from my understanding, the reason why it's different
is they try to update all these like analytics advanced stats like how fast the players are
traveling out there how fast their shots were now i like i get that there's a crowd out there that
that wants to know that stuff but like in the grand scheme of things who gives a fuck show me how much time i don't give a
fuck that the guy shot at 105 miles an hour and if you want to have that type of stuff build its
its own specific website and or there probably isn't websites out there that have that so you've
completely butchered your fucking app and website to to show these things that like like nerds want to go see how fast was
he skating when he went down the wing to score that goal like nobody gives a flying fuck and
they change it every two three years and by the time you get accustomed to it you go back to it
and it's everything's different again so go back to the original website and app or whatever the
fuck you guys were doing before and enough with this speed burst the the shot the shot website and app or whatever the fuck you guys were doing before and enough with this
speed burst the the shot the shot radar and whatever other bullshit you're trying to put on
in order to ruin your app you know the um you know you know the remember the event summary sheet you
get after the game where you can go on it shows every guy it's like um goals assist points time
on ice block shots giveaways takeawaysaways, takeaways. Remember those sheets?
You may remember on them, so you don't know.
But now like to get all the info when the game ends,
during the game on the app,
you can see time on ice and everything.
The game ends, you got to go to the bottom of the page.
You got to find event summary.
You got to click.
It's like, guys, this is not that hard.
It's almost one of those things where you're right.
They tried getting so in depth.
It's like, keep it simple. simplify assist video of the goal time left in
the game power play no power play it's not that hard and like they don't hyperlink the player
names or the teams like you know you should be able to just click on a guy's name and get his
stage yeah exactly and as far as all that other stuff is like the fucking nerd stuff that doesn't
affect like you should be able to see a goalie's record on the fucking page they don't even have the goalies like proper record they have like
wins and shutouts it's like well the fuck's his losses and all the other stats it just
makes no fucking sense but back to the well i guess they're technically digital collectibles
i don't i will try to fucking bore you with the explain the difference between nfts but either
way it started back in 2022 that's when they announced the collaboration with this company
called sweet and obviously the market since then well grinnelli grinnelli remember he told us they were they were
like he put he put half his net worth into i bought the i bought the justin bieber nft
that got me like free concerts for life for bbs how much how much did that cost you it was like
a thousand bucks and oh my so what did it provide you why would why were you interested i was told
that it was gonna it was a gold mine and if i bought it it would be worth 50x what it's gonna be worth
told it was a gold mine from people on twitter man you gotta understand where he's coming from
twitter and reddit what were the other ones that went off the board apes board apes yeah
people were spending like a million dollars like mike mal Malak, like Logan Paul's right-hand man,
he bought one, I think, for like 800 grand.
And like two weeks later, it was worth nothing.
Like imagine that.
Imagine that stress, that anxiety.
I'm not trying to sound cool.
I don't even know what, like these NHL NFTs,
I don't even know if you own one, what do you get?
It's six highlights for 19.
And you can watch these highlights whenever you want on YouTube.
Yeah, exactly.
Am I missing something?
I guess you would technically own the digital rights to that highlight, I guess, in that form.
If we bought them, could we post them to our Instagram and talk over them?
We'd still get C Indeed.
We'd still get C Indeed.
You think?
100.
To me, it was a gimmicky thing that ripped people off. instagram probably we still get c indeed we still get c indeed you think 100 i just to me it's it
was a gimmicky thing that that that ripped people off and in all these horror stories about how much
people lost are coming to light now and after the fact and the fact that they launched this on
twitter and tell people like the the the backlash it got was enough to tell you what to do with it
throw it out the window. Cancel it.
Just like the Fanatics deal.
Just like the app guy and the website guy.
He better be.
At least Fanatics was paying them, though.
That's true.
This one.
It's got to be such a kick in the dick to drop your big news and then have 99 of the comments just carving you.
They're like, oh, shit.
I feel like they knew.
Somebody pressed send on that.
They're like, here we go. And then like they knew. Somebody pressed send on that. They're like, here we go.
And then, boom, you just get drilled with comments.
If you're spending 20 on a couple highlights,
what do you think RA's ass-scratching NFT would get?
I think that would go for big money.
Yeah, me too.
And it's a scratch-and-sniff NFT.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, big time.
Here we go.
You smell like sweat, coffee sweat coffee crack and a bold
bruins jersey hey and with that nft with that nft you get ra's sweat rag one of the sweat rags
and he'll come take a shit at your house and clog your toilet
and he will come over and make you a GG special.
Oh, there we go.
We basically are doing this with our Black Friday sale with R.A.
Are we?
Yeah, we're doing this.
No, we're doing the, remember we talked about this,
where if you spend, I believe it's 500 in merchandise,
you are able to go to a Bruins game with R.A. in Boston.
Oh, that's actually sick.
Yeah, I forgot I committed to that. Yeah, dinner and a Bruins game with RA in Boston. Well, that's actually sick. Yeah. I forgot.
I committed to that.
Yeah.
Dinner and a Bruins game with RA.
Did we tell RA this when we left him in Cali?
Do you remember the shape this guy was in?
Oh, my.
How have we not talked about our Cali trip?
All right.
Of everyone listening, we can kind of go into what happened.
I've never in my life seen.
We drove away from this guy.
He was on the side.
He was on a sidewalk.
I said, there is not a chance in hell.
He's forget getting on the plane.
He's not even going to get to the airport.
And I guess a guy gave you a gummy.
I gave me a package of gummies.
Yeah.
And he and he said, all right, just take one at a time.
And I was like, OK, this guy knows the drill.
And I ate half of one.
And then I was I mean, I had like two drinks.. And I ate a half of one and then I was,
I mean,
I had like two drinks.
I mean, we didn't start drinking.
No,
there was no drinking at all.
It was the craziest thing.
Yeah,
we took probably four or five shots,
but.
Oh,
okay.
But that was it.
I mean,
it fucking whammy,
dude.
It was 75 milligram gummy,
which I mean,
I've,
you know,
I've walked that back before,
but yeah,
it sent me for a loop
because when I saw the video myself,
I was like,
what?
Wow,
I look fucking. I walked into that. What was the bar we did that danny case any case awesome
spot walking distance we kind of go we got to give a little bit of a backstory so we did do
the california trip we started in newport and then we did the podcast with ra did a couple interviews
we did a couple of appearances we went to a bottle signing and then Danny Kays as a bar.
And then we went off to San Diego to do two sandbaggers.
And then we said bye to R.A. who flew back cross country.
Now, at the second without a plane, I just at the second second Pink Whitney appearance.
That's when you were handed this hundred and fifty milligram gummy in which you decided to eat half of it.
Seventy five. Yeah. I did go half. I mean, I know my yeah well i did go half i mean i know my limits
well with that what do you mean you know your limit guy 75 milligrams like even if you're you're
used to the potency that if i took off maybe 10 milligrams i'd be i think a 10 milligram would
make me feel feel pretty pretty loop 75 would put me into a fucking coma. At Danny K's, I was with him
at one end of the bar. Remember they had some
food for us, so we ate. And then I started
just mingling around, meeting fans. Great
people. I said on the show last week,
the hockey fandom in Southern
California and the Ducks fan base is
way stronger than I remember.
So I'm walking around mingling and it must have
been 20 minutes. And this guy's like,
you see RA? I'm like, what do you mean? must have been 20 minutes. And this guy's like, you see, all right.
I'm like, what do you mean?
I was just with him.
He was fine.
And I went back over and it was an absolute roller coaster.
He was like, I was like, what the fuck happened?
He was like, I was like, holy shit.
People were taking pictures with him like he was a wax statue putting him in headlocks and
shit so i'm impressed you got to the airport and got on the plane two planes
there you go all right so i forgot about that so back to the nfts we got to get the the ra
whacked out on gummy nft we got to get the the ward hog the og ward hog scratch the butt scratcher
the basketball shot nft might go for the most.
Oh, yeah.
And then if you had to pick one more RA NFT, what would it be?
The skull.
The toe cheese when he wiped his toe cheese on me.
Oh, yeah.
When he wiped the toe cheese on me.
That was the same night as the original Warthog, too.
He was in one.
No, the Warthog was at the House in Charlottesville.
Yeah, that's where the toe cheese was.
No, I thought that was in Tampa. No, that was in Tampa. Yeah. Tampa we went. Toe cheese was in one. No, the house in Charlottesville. Yeah, that's where the Toe Cheese was. No, I thought that was in...
No, that was in Tampa.
Yeah, yeah.
Tampa we went.
Toe Cheese was in Scottsdale.
No, Toe Cheese, Tampa.
When have we been in Tampa?
It was in Jupiter.
Thank you very much, Sean.
Yeah, he's right.
It's Jupiter, accept it.
Yeah, it is Jupiter.
But, oh my God.
Okay, so we've been all over the map this pod,
but quickly going back to California,
we have two awesome fucking sandbaggers coming out.
We got JR, Jeremy Roenick, and Timu Solani,
two Hall of Famers.
While Timu is, I think JR should be,
and I think we talk about that in the bagger.
And then Kevin Conley from Action Park Media, Entourage,
you know all the shows, and then Sean Avery as well.
So we got two locked and loaded.
Pasha's going to be editing those
and some great interviews coming out soon.
I think the coolest part of the JR and Timu
as someone who's kind of just on the outside looking in
was the amount of hockey stories
that were told throughout that.
It was a bit of a different sandbagger
in that we stopped a lot.
We were stopping and talking and telling stories,
which was so awesome
because who has better stories than those two guys told i'd say three to four like three four
minute stories in the middle of the round there was not another group on the course unreal golf
although talk about slow playing we teed off with conley and aves at 11 30 and i looked on the third tee box it was 12 40 i was like holy
shit remember the guy played through us screaming at us an hour and 15 minutes to play two fucking
golf holes so that was a that was a great bag you know they both are awesome um i can't wait to the
one story i won't spoil it but uh timu gives the whole backstory for his
shooting the glove like shooting the duck celebration and i didn't real i thought that
was scored on one of his last goals of that season it was actually he did that celebration
on the goal in which he broke the rookie goal record i think it was esposito's record esposito's
record i think it was his 56th or 57th goal of that season in which he did
that. He tells the whole
awesome backstory behind that. So look
out for those baggers. Awesome entourage stories
from Kevin Conley too.
So much good stuff coming
at you guys. Was there anything else we needed to talk
about that trip?
I don't think so.
I don't think we found
your tarot card night yet.
How did that go?
I didn't get a reading.
I mentioned that.
But my wife went down for one, and the person said,
your husband, he's fierce.
I said, I'll take fierce.
I'll be fucking called fierce.
I'll take fierce.
I mean, I wasn't very fierce on the ice,
but if this tarot card lady thinks I'm fierce and is telling my wife and maybe convincing her I'm fierce, that's a win for me.
It was a base on a card she flipped over?
There was two women, and one woman was the card, and you pick like five cards or something,
and the other one just like, I don't know, man.
I'm not really into all that stuff.
How was she?
They were older.
They were older.
They were very nice women.
They were down in the basement.
And they came up and said, you guys have a great group of friends.
It was a cool night.
I'm not into that whole stuff.
I like where my life's at.
I don't really want to hear something that would necessarily change my opinion.
You strike me as the guy who's into astrology.
Yeah, that's me.
A bunch of Otome Browns.
What's your moon?
Maybe when I take a 75 milligram gummy with RA and try wandering around the Southern California parking lot.
Imagine trying to find your car logo and fucking say 75 milligrams.
Oh, and that trip, that's right.
I lost my car.
Well, I flew Delta out there, and then I wasn't thinking.
I've done that before where it's a different airline on the way home, and I'll just park in whatever terminal I'm going to be landing with and then
just figure it out when you get there but I just didn't even think I was Alaskan Airlines on the
way home not horrible though it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't a terrible airline but I landed and I
was like oh shit and I 40 minutes I'm walking around three different two different parking
garages I'm trying to set the alarm off on my car.
It was a disaster.
I finally found it and got home.
But there was some F-bombs being thrown around in my own brain as I couldn't find my car.
Was it Allen Iverson who he would always forget where he parked his car and he would just leave it and just go buy a new one?
I think you're thinking that he would leave the clothes in every city he was in.
No, I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure. You changed changed it to cars it was clothes see they both think it was c
can i get some help here
fish fuck you we got the guys behind the scenes laughing at me now fuck you guys it was
he would buy a new wardrobe every i understand that that's a fucking story, but there's somebody out there. There is an NBA
player where he would forget
where he put his car or he would get it
towed and he wouldn't go get it out of
the towed place. He would just go buy a new car.
There's a story and I'm pretty sure it's
Allen Iverson who would do that. So
correct me if I'm wrong. If I'm wrong, I'll
take the L and I'll wear it next podcast.
All right, before we
go any further, here's a few words from our friends at GameTime.
The exclusive ticketing partner of Boston Sports is GameTime,
created by fans for fans.
GameTime is the ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score
last-minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
All kinds of stuff coming up cheap with the
classic if you're going to seattle for the game boom game time they'll hook it up a couple taps
couple seconds you're all set it's all possible with the game time app the biggest last minute
price drops can be found on the seats you thought you could never buy they'll even credit you 110
percent of the seat price if you can find a better deal elsewhere. You can also get limited time discounts
with exclusive flash deals. The purchase process takes just two taps in 10 seconds, and once you
buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone, no printer needed. The app also allows
you to easily share tickets with friends via text, so you can get into the game seamlessly.
Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment.
Download the game time app or go to the website,
enter your email and redeem code chicklets for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
We got to give G around the snaps here.
Chicklets you dropped last week.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
What a facility.
Yeah.
UMass.
How incredible is that place?
And the access that Carvel gave us was just unprecedented it was awesome powers from asu the head coach was
not happy with my comment was i right in saying that i think umass's facilities are just a tad
nicer than asu's both being absolutely stunning and beautiful but umass looked a little bit newer
yeah umass just recently renovated their whole thing.
They won the national championship in 2021.
2022 is when they renovated the whole locker room.
So last year.
So this stuff is all brand new.
And the cool thing is like the Mullet Center,
they have their own sheet of ice,
which I think is just, I mean, Taylor McCarr said,
he's like any time, any day I can go down,
break out the pucks and go shoot.
So it's on YouTube.
We have-
Where's next?
We're workshopping next.
We filmed with two schools, I'll say it.
We filmed with Northeastern, which is really cool
because Northeastern is the oldest ice rink,
active ice rink in the world,
which is really, really cool.
The Matthews Arena is currently in the world.
It's the oldest current active.
I mean, the Bruins would play there in like 1910.
So it's an old, old arena.
And then we did BC, which was with fourth overall pick Will Smith.
I embarrass myself a lot in the video, but it's really cool.
We were doing competitions against each other the whole time.
So we've also had tons of schools reach out since this video came out, which is really-
Yeah, it's a recruiting tool.
I watch it and want to go to umass now
exactly the zoo is the best what is school are you gonna are you gonna be getting paid under
the table for this type of you're gonna have your own nil deal i should i absolutely get his own
series though what a grown-up he's just growing up right in front of can i explain so when you
say that i feel like when we interviewed sean thornton right he played 600 ahl games that's
kind of how i feel with this series is i i did so much time in the AHL behind the scenes
and I worked and worked and worked.
And finally, I feel like I got to play my NHL game.
And to be honest, I feel like I scored my opening game.
Like I feel like it went really well.
Fish absolutely crushed the edit.
So many schools have reached out now
and I think we have something here.
Well, college hockey's on the rise.
You did an unreal job, even in front of the camera you're a content machine now but that really wasn't your
first one you started out with asu and is that what sparked the idea like right now that asu
walkthrough has i think close to three four hundred thousand views on our youtube channel yeah so it's
cool so i've always wanted to i've been i play club hockey so i've always been infatuated with
arizona state just because they were a club hockey team.
Now they're a division one team.
So my goal was to always film a mini documentary about the ASU hockey team.
So when we were out there for the Super Bowl last year, we set it up with Powers that we
could go to the arena, but it just so happens that Powers couldn't be there that day.
There were three or four people that if we were going to film a documentary, we needed
them to be there, But we're there.
We had nothing to do that day.
So we're like, let's, these facilities are unreal.
Like, let's just film a facility tour.
So once we got done, we kind of all looked at each other and we're like, that was unreal.
Like, I think, I think we have something here.
And then when we posted it, all the comments were like, more college hockey content, more
college hockey content.
Let's see more facilities.
So we kind of ran with it.
And then I have to give Terrence Walsh,h our sales guy a shout out because i saw him at the barstool
awards and i kind of was just like hey like i have this chicklets university thing like i i have this
idea like i think we could do it like no one's doing this in the college hockey space right now
and within like three or four days he had it sold and as you guys know at barstool you have to you
have if we want to do something you have to have it sold right yeah and jersey logistics hotel rooms
i eat a cheesesteak from jersey mike's four or five times a week yeah hey shout out to jersey
mike so they sponsored the whole series yep them blade tech hockey came on as well which they do
custom blades for uh so it's awesome so you got to go around with kale mccarr's brother who's taylor mccarr taylor mccarr colorado avalon how is he he's he's different
different game he's a forward he's powerful big power forward 12 hammers guys he could have he
could have a shot i think he was a seventh rounder yep to colorado oh call colorado yeah that's my
bad um but i watched him play against bu this year. Big kid, takes runs at people.
He'll get a chance.
I mean, if he gets even quicker, he's huge.
College hockey, BU, North Main, twice this week.
You've probably played in a lot of these places,
so it got me kind of asking online,
where's the best atmosphere in college hockey?
A lot of people saying NODAC in their building, right?
Oh, no question.
What's it called?
It's called the Ralph.
I heard they do this thing in between the second and third period they play a sky full of stars remix by avicii and they have
the strobe lights going and it's just everyone gets fucking wild in there but on the player's
side as well like what else is in north dakota i mean that's that is their pro team their call
that is their everything somebody sent me a a picture of Yale's rink.
It looks like the Noah's Ark.
Have you seen this fucking thing?
I played in there.
What's it like playing in there?
Pretty dead.
Although they ended up winning.
Are you thinking they won a national championship?
They won a national championship.
Like we,
when I,
when I was in school,
they were garbage with not many fans either.
Cool barn though.
Yeah.
It's old. It's, I don't know. It's old. It's all it's i don't know it's it's
not maybe it was a good picture it was probably a good picture i think the universe at michigan
the yost arena is university of michigan looked like the fans were right on top of you the seats
are yeah are pretty pretty straight up kind of like the old windsor uh spitfires barn and then
uh and then somebody sent me uh University of Minnesota which looked
very very bland in a sense where it's all the grandstands and maybe there's a pro arena at the
full top but gee I want you to go to all these barns and do the run through man this is a great
series and uh once again you can find that on our spitting chiclets youtube guess how many 306 000 i looked the other day no think again
307 now 307 baby climbing climbing gee just mentioned that matthews arena northeast and
our guest this week we're gonna get to it a little bit devin levi buffalo sabers rookie
goaltender good stuff very interesting kid we gotta get to him in a little bit like i said
uh back to to hockey but gee a couple clicks thanks fish you as well for the edit and then fucking
sean was here we got to give him a couple clicks obviously because of the youtube channel and how
many people are now going there to to watch and listen to the to the spit and chicklets podcast
it looks awesome on uh you were right about iverson by the way okay so let's get the iverson
right quickly back to it so i have the quote here here. He does say, he says, take the vehicle.
I have 10 more.
He reportedly told Durham, please don't have anything else to do except fuck with me.
Do you know who I am?
Is the quote he gave out.
So do you want to apologize now or later?
He had 10 other cars already.
You said he would forget where his car was parked and he'd go buy a new one.
I didn't just hear that.
Not just one. And the cab took him to a dealership to get a new one okay all right yeah it happened
once you win thank you uh this friday g we got black friday cyber monday coming up a whole bunch
of chicklets here pig whitney gear what's that what's it is it 20 off all through the weekend
right yeah so it's 20 off off all through the weekend so we mentioned uh the ra deal that we
have if you spend 500 in
merch bruins game bruins tickets they're they're my family season seats so their seat they're
unreal seats uh also dinner with ra we also have if you spend 250 or more in the barstool sports
store on black friday through cyber monday you'll get front row seats to the uh chicklets live show
in toronto we're announcing that right now holy shit breaking
news spitting chicklets folks we said that we're going to be doing something the thursday
of the all-star break we didn't have the facility quite 100 locked down but g just announced it we
are doing a live show in toronto for nhl all-star weekend to kick things off baby g yeah i mean we
can't give out the venue details just yet,
but just be ready, Toronto, because we're coming.
And it's likely going to be that Thursday, February 1st,
but just keep an eye out because we're coming, Toronto.
Damn, all right.
Bring the hell with us.
We got to do a little Edmonton cleanup.
2-1 since they brought in Norblock.
12 goals for, 10 against.
What's going on?
A lot of people calling you a poser.
Well, they're 3-0-1, right?
Or did they lose in regulation?
He just said 2-1.
They lost 6-4.
No, no.
But they did win that last game with Woodcroft.
So since you've left the team, they're 3-1.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I quit on them.
I've said this clearly.
They're not winning the Stanley Cup.
I still root for them.
They're not a team that's built to go on a run and be a very successful team.
I mean,
let's go to you comparing them to the 2019 St.
Louis blues.
Are you on our age?
No,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
I said,
I'm getting those types of vibes right now.
Is that not comparing them?
No,
I,
I,
I kinda,
I do see what you're saying but he's just
talking like the vibes of they were in the gutter and now they're gonna rise everybody was ready to
they were up three to two last game out shooting tampa 28 to 14 and lost six to four in the third
period that i once again i don't hate the oilers i actually may end up really hating them in the
next month or so if these people keep coming at me, which I don't blame them.
You know what?
I'll take that back.
I don't blame them.
I left your team.
I understand why you hate me.
This team, they're not winning shit.
They have Nugent Hopkins, McDavid, and Leon have one power play goal combined
in the last 12 games.
Plenty of room for improvement.
Okay.
Well, at what point is the improvement going to come? When is it
going to come? When is it going to come?
They're still in second
to last place in their division. You guys are acting
like this is this enormous turnaround.
I'm just telling you. I think
in January. They don't have a goalie.
They don't have good defensemen and they
have two awesome forwards that aren't
playing awesome right now. Okay,
there is a lot of room
for improvement let's see it and by the way I really probably wouldn't have quit them if if
they games didn't start so late but but I still quit I still quit I can be I can handle being
called a poser and a phony fan yeah I'm not from Edmonton i played for them i would i wish it worked out between us
but it didn't and that's really where i stand i also stand this team is not that good i i don't
know what you guys want me to say do you think the oilers are going to go on a run and compete
for the stanley cup this year yes or no i think given you just know i think yes or no yes okay
so they're going to be where are they going to finish at the end of the year well they're going to make playoffs okay that wouldn't shock me
at all and then if they have those two guys and they're playing lights out and they get
some well it's funny last year they could never win with just those two guys they could never win
the standing cup with just two guys but now you're saying they have those two guys and they get in
the playoffs they could they have other guys man they have hyman they have cane they have new defenseman uh well they got broberg if they
call him up and he starts fucking snapping around they have uh is it uh who's the that starts with
the d the big fucker darnell nurse no i know darnell fucking nurse come on here day harney
day harney that's your guy you're gonna win the cup buddy i'm listen if you fucking
go back to the original question and saying like oh you're comparing the two i think that
st louis blues might have been in last place in the entire league in january of 2019 my point is
they had a team no they didn't they didn't even have a fucking goalie jordan binnington showed up
halfway through the year and he fucking started shooting rockets they had they had a team defense that was outstanding they had a you probably didn't even know who the fuck pareko was before
that fucking season i know you're giving me that look on my face because you signed two pto's there
and then got snip keep the change paroko was but i'm seeing if if all of a sudden picard can come
in and play well or maybe they have or skinner can finally
take the reins or who knows maybe after his conditioning stint jack campbell comes back
and he starts playing lights out do i think that darnell nurse can improve and and be the defenseman
he was when he ended up getting that huge deal on his contract year if he gets back to 75 of that
level they have a competent d-man and nobody's talking about his fucking cap hit.
And then Bouchard, plenty of room for improvement.
He's only making four.
You have Evander Kane making four.
You have an unbelievable top six group.
They need this fucking bottom six to figure it out and get some jam.
Holloway got hurt, which kind of sucks. Start putting the puck in the back of the net.
But do I believe that if a chip and a chair,
the Edmonton Oilers somehow get in the playoffs,
they couldn't go on this miraculous run? Yeah, I believe that if a chip in a chair, the Edmonton Oilers somehow get in the playoffs, they can go on this miraculous run?
Yeah, I think that.
And in fact, maybe I'll jump on their fucking bag wagon now that you've left them.
That makes sense.
Grab another team.
I understand that.
But you could get every team in Canada at some point.
I'm a team whore.
And I know that.
I'm getting fucking bukkake by every Canadian team.
But hey, at least I don't have commitment issues like you.
Hey, listen, the Oilers right now have a huge next two weeks coming up.
They play the Panthers tonight.
Actually, Keith Yandel mentioned he's going to the game.
The Cats are kind of like figuring things out.
They're awesome.
And they got Ekblad and Montour back now.
So the Cats are getting going.
That's not an easy game.
And then they have a couple other.
And they got Hurricanes, Capitals, Ducks, Golden Knights, Jets, Hurricanes.
What about the Caps, by the way?
Talk about me getting the team going.
What do you mean, you?
Yeah, it's my team.
I reverse mushed them.
Oh, okay.
Oh, that's your team.
Sorry, I forgot.
So I want to quickly talk about the Panthers because we're on the subject.iver eckman larson want to bounce back oh my god and i mean paul maurice knows how
to bring these guys in and make it work right away the guys like you predicted that one too
before the season he's the most well i also said that about when he went to vancouver so i mean you
swing and you miss sometimes but canadian market that team wasn't winning nightmare situation for
him he goes down south
i think he's making just over two million they needed a defenseman to step in and put a band-aid
in the fact that they lost montour and act bled their top two d-men and what's he got right now
five goals 11 points he only had two goals all of last season all of that's all he had last year
and another thing too is and i know it's it's it's a hockey fights cancer month like he lost his mother
uh a few years back she used to get up and watch every single one of his nhl games so
you don't know what type of impact that can have on a guy off the ice so the 11 points
biz 11 points 11 points right now so far for this guy who i i played with i loved him he was an
incredible teammate he spent so much time this summer working on his skating and getting back
that you know that that strong like like i felt he became a little bit easier to knock off the puck
as the years were going on and he got back to working on his skating and he looks solid as
ever he's playing physical and then also now contributing offensively so i hope that continues
with those two guys coming back but uh offense may take a little step back just because he won't get
the minutes but the fact that you have a guy playing solid hockey and that was able to carry the the
load as those guys were out but for the panthers for me and and and for everyone who's watching
their games and their fans like sam reinhardt man oh my god dude and what's funny is we have we have
devon levi coming on and that was the trade i think it's his contract year too reinhardt is it i think so it is oh fucking so neil andrews getting the credit for
doing this with a contract year and i mean reinhardt is lighting it up peterson 10 and
all these guys yeah but at least peterson's rfa but yeah you're right still but so it's like this
team obviously i i had a missing playoffs that probably looks a little foolish as of right now you know i could call myself out but reinhardt doing this with the injuries they've battled
is so impressive and the team and this isn't even with matthew kachuk playing like he did last year
so you know that'll probably turn around at one point the same as as i've said that leon and
mcdavid will turn it around at some point mat Matthew Chuck will get going, go on one of those ridiculous runs.
So Florida's buzzing, and that's going to be a tough game for Edmonton.
So just the cleanup, though, because, I mean,
we've been getting off the rails on a lot of things.
Yeah, but we're together.
I know.
It's awesome.
I love it.
We have nowhere to go.
We're in the worst city in America.
Atlanta's a shithole, by the way.
This place sucks.
It does.
Good restaurants.
What?
Good ship clubs. No, good restaurants. Name one. I don't fucking remember clubs no good restaurant name one um i don't
fucking remember the name okay i don't know i'd fucking been here twice every time i go on it's
been good good restaurants where's the place we went to last year biz was it south city kitchen
yeah yeah it's great it's around the corner um edmonton oilers so we we recorded last podcast
on sunday morning and we were trying to put all
the pieces together and a lot more information came out um as to how this whole thing went down
now that it's still up for debate on whether we're going to believe what we heard not only
in the press conference but also in the locker room is this my inmates are running the asylum
well yeah but I don't disagree with you for saying that in general and especially at the time
the way it looked the way the way it looks but hearing mcdavid in that scrum and saying he had
no fucking clue that that was going to happen i believed him yeah and in talking to people i i
believe them as i believe him as well i'll say i understand why fans may not but from what i've been told i do
believe it as well it's crazy to me that it's almost crazier to me that he didn't know it makes
it more dysfunctional than i originally thought it was the fact that you're not asking the best
hockey player on the planet what he thinks of this coach you may be potentially hiring now
but do i also think at some point in
time maybe not around the time in which woodcroft was fired that they asked mcdavid what he thought
of his old coach or somebody and when got back to people running the ship as the fact that maybe
oh his old agent but but not in the time realm in which it ended up happening do you am i do you am i being fed
bullshit in which i'm accepting i believe in that no i think the way mcdavid said it and kind of
like the look of well his comment um that got me was woodcroft never lost this never lost the room
he was very and i think it's all fair to say woodcroft got
the shaft in this yes he he had guys underperforming he had the nightmare start nobody saw coming
and he was the scapegoat and i think he just definitely deserves another chance to coach in
the nhl based on what he did since he came up but they had to do something they decided to go to get
rid of him so he he got hosed but mcdavid truly looked like pretty
rattled in a sense of like i i i didn't know this was happening this isn't something i wanted or
asked for so you you gotta you gotta take him for his word right that that all of a sudden like this
huge change happens and and he's probably thinking like everyone's gonna think i fucking had something
to do with this it's my old agent as the new president and my old junior coach is the new coach.
Like I almost look ridiculous here.
I think the part that made it look even worse was when Kenny Holland made it seem as if though he consulted or spoke to McDavid about it.
And he said that during the press conference.
And then it got thrown over to Jackson.
And then he's like, yeah yeah we never consulted the players so
that's where most people listening saying that i believe that mcdavid had no knowledge this was
going to happen think that i like i'm i'm eating the bullshit whereas i don't know i'm pretty good
at reading body language where mcdavid seemed like rattled and taken off guard and like he'd
gotten the morning text hey you have a new coach here in which the fact that he wasn't prepared or
given the heads up and it it ended up being his old coach everybody was gonna think that he had
a hand in it oh by the way i do i do want an apology to oilers fans about the nudge comment
no no i i stand i stand by that one that one the you guys chose, like I made it very clear that Nuge would be an unreal player
on a Stanley Cup contender.
I love Nuge's game.
The money he makes is an amazing deal.
He's great defensively.
I was talking about possible players
that could actually get you a return.
All right?
So I love Nuge as a player.
I wanted to apologize more so
with what McDavid's done since he got into the league.
If he were to go on and leave in two
years, I do not think he would get
booed when he went back.
I went back and I thought about it
and it's like, he's been that
dominant and that generational of a
player that if he moves on,
I think he would get a warm welcome.
I mean, they watched some of the greatest hockey
we've ever seen.
I will remember you.
All right, give it to me.
If you will remember me.
No?
Maybe.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Well, everybody's getting one of those videos now.
You play one year somewhere and you're getting one.
McDavid's getting one, no?
When has that song ever been played on one of those videos now you play one year somewhere and you're getting one mcdavid's getting one no when has that song ever been played on one of those videos i don't know i know around the time that iverson had his sixth car stolen from the airport so suck on that um okay so uh
respect to you for admitting you're wrong a couple times today and apologizing to oil nation that mcdavid won't get booed um the one other thing i wanted to talk about too was paul coffee getting behind
the bench now i don't know how long he's gonna end up staying there and that was another example
we talked about alfie going behind the bench we talked about talk bringing all those guys in
i think that talk being back in the mix gave paul coffee the itch to get behind the bench but also
he needs to see
what's happening in that locker room to maybe bring up top to say if there is any cultural
issues to get rid of them and by bring up top you mean directly to the owner correct so it's like
and on top of that maybe instill like I know they came in this year with this hybrid defensive
system now from what I'm hearing not from any reliable sources talk about this last
week we mentioned it briefly but uh going back to my thought now i didn't hear this any from anyone
other than people on twitter bantering about it and i agree with it that's how you got an nfc why
not get a hall of fame offensive defenseman back there who played with generational talent up front on
offense when he played to figure out how to keep those forwards happy and how to get these
defensemen moving to the puck moving the puck to them on how they want to move i don't i think that
there's a bit of a disconnect especially coming into training camp where if your style is the
style in which you have success and going back to
last year just running and gunning zipping it up and having fun and winning games with that offensive
mindset if that's who you have and that's who your players are fucking do it and i don't think that
they were doing enough of that earlier in the season where i think that paul coffee's behind
the bench to to kind of bridge that gap between what the forwards want
and they're expecting as to what they were maybe getting in the first half of the season and I
don't know if that ended up being the reason why they let Woodcroft go but the way that he came in
this this training camp and tried to instill this new system it obviously wasn't working they ended
up trying to change it back to the old one, but without any type of success.
So I'm interested to see what Paul Hoffie can do behind the bench
and how long he actually stays there for
and how much these defensemen are snapping up the puck
and change their game based on his presence behind the bench.
Fair?
Fair.
No?
I said fair.
Very fair.
No?
Fair.
All right, what do you think?
I think it's very fair.
All right.
Yeah.
We're talking about guys getting a little shout out when they return to an old team.
Ivan Proveroff got one the other day.
Columbus, man.
They're fucking struggling right now.
Oh, my God.
Last Thursday.
Oh, my God.
Season from hell.
Line A and Goose.
They should have got a Stanley Cup winning coach brought in.
I was going to say, would the record be the same if Mr. Telephone Man was there instead?
I mean. I mean, I'll record be the same if Mr. Telephone Man was there instead? I mean.
I mean, I'll tell you right now.
This Pascal Vincent is possibly a little in over his head.
And I understand benching people.
So we've now seen Goudreau benched.
I think it was for the final 15 minutes of the third period one game.
The next game, or the most recent game, he was benched the last.
You have to say, oh like road to pine i can't
roll my tongue oh i know so i probably wouldn't be good at what merles i'm not worried i'm not
worried about hours but um now we see gaudreau benched the last game in the third period again
we got patrick line a healthy scratch that that's the one where it's like
this guy's making 8.7.
Road to pie.
He What did you just say?
Road to pie.
Did he get stoned before?
I don't know. Are you high? No.
I'm just having. He's trying to sell his product is what he's doing.
It's 100 him and Jeff are texting.
I didn't have to share this with him either because it was his idea.
It's out in six months. to rear so um i just think at some point
like you bench guys once in a while it works right like i'm gonna but you can't just do it
over and over and over and expect a different result like there hasn't been a result since
he's benched these guys like the same thing continues and with line a like obviously he came back from the concussion he's got to get his feet underneath him he's benched these guys. The same thing continues. And with Laine, obviously, he came back from the concussion.
He's got to get his feet underneath him.
He's got to play.
And granted, he's not playing the way you want him.
You have a way better chance of him playing
and maybe not playing great, but figuring it out slowly,
but surely then just healthy scratching him.
This team, I think they're off to one of their worst starts ever.
They've had some bad starts.
Are they 4-10-2 or something like that? And it's not like they're not spending the money anymore either.
No, this year they were supposed to be better.
They were supposed to, like, make a big step forward.
And it kind of goes back.
What, G?
What's that?
4-11-4.
4-11-4.
I mean.
Would you say they're.
Lost nine in a row.
Would you say they're phone-ese?
Phone-ese. Phone-ese.
Yeah, I'll give you that one.
Thanks.
We'll give you that one.
I still don't get it, though.
Because Mike Batcock went through their phones.
That was good.
I made a funny.
Oh, man, that was a good one.
I wish I got that right away.
Hey, do you think that...
Kekelein is in trouble.
He should have put the Kyler Murray clause in Line A's contract
where he can't play video games.
I don't think...
You think that he didn't pick up the remote control
to play video games when he was concussed?
That can't be good sitting there playing Fortnite all night
when you're doing the baseline every morning do you know though what i'm saying
about benching guys and not making like you can't do it every game fuck that dude a fucking bench
them all oh bench them all bench the whole team you're losing you're losing everyone it's like
you you bench guys you bench your top two players one one making 10, one making 8 and 8.7.
Like do it once in a while.
Like this is happening way too often.
I understand he's not happy with how they're playing, but you got to get him going, dude.
These are your two guys, man.
You can't just keep sitting them down, healthy, scratching, lining.
Like I'm not just taking the player's side here.
At some point, benching a guy over and over and over like they're turning it off.
Again!
It just doesn't make sense to me. or at some point benching a guy over and over and over. Like they're turning it off. Again!
It just doesn't make sense to me.
And like the quotes he's given,
like I'm sick and fucking tired.
Like buddy, like this thing just started, man. Like you're just starting as a head coach.
The team's horrible.
Maybe don't healthy scratch your best goal score.
Is he your best goal score right now?
No.
You got to get him going somehow.
You're healthy scratching the guy. Like I don't see what you're getting out of that. I no you got to get him going somehow you're healthy scratching
the guy like i don't see what you're getting out of that i think you got to set put him on the
fourth line if anything i i think you set the precedent and you know and what's that doing
it's setting the precedent it's not working he's already done it well he just he just did it and
they so he benched control for the whole third period like two weeks ago i i understand but this is the first time he's so he didn't see the result he wanted and then now
he healthy scratched linea so there was even more discipline it's like oh okay the benching didn't
work now fucking go eat press press box popcorn just like i did there a, there is no, but this is, listen, line is a natural goal score,
but when that's not happening, I think that most people who have watched his game, not only in
Winnipeg, but also Columbus can agree that he doesn't play overly physical. He's not the best
defensive player. Um, I don't think he's necessarily setting up his teammates a ton. I don't think he's
winning a ton of puck battles. It doesn't look like he's emotionally invested. I know think he's necessarily setting up his teammates a ton. I don't think he's winning a ton of puck battles.
It doesn't look like he's emotionally invested.
I know that he's always been kind of that calm demeanor player,
but if you're not getting it done with the scoring,
you have to have other intangibles to your game,
especially if you're making 8.7 or 8.4 million fucking dollars.
And if you're not showing that type of we we all know listen
if you're not scoring goals if i see a guy busting his ass and winning battles and competing there's
no need to bench him there's no need to healthy scratch him and also with a young up-and-coming
culture there with all these young players you the veterans have to show these guys the way
there's a reason that
boone jenner is not being scratched it's because regardless of production boone jenner does other
things he'll block shots he'll kill penalties i think he actually even plays power play and i
think he's been a 30 goal scorer he's 30 goal scorer right you can look that up for me but
regardless is if patrick liney wants to be paid like a star player in which he's my thing is he is paid
that way.
So I understand what you're saying,
but buddy,
he's just coming back from a concussion.
If he'd been healthy all year,
I get the healthy scratch,
buddy.
Like the guy just came back from a concussion.
You can't score.
Your team sucks.
Healthy scratching him does not do what you need to have done right
now and i get what you're saying about about fantilli and other younger players like almost
being like wow if you'll bench him and scratch him he'll scratch anyone that's a precedent i
understand that but like you have to win games at this point but you don't you're not you're not
going to win without these guys but yeah well first of all you're not going to win with them as it's as you can see and they're and they're shit and they're probably going to
be looking at another lottery draft pick they're last in the east right now right yeah oh yeah
so so for me it all comes down to the fact that i think he's always been known as a little bit of a
dog in the in the i agree with you in in the in the hard working realm he makes eight
seven actually and i don't think i'm gonna have any type of sympathy in saying that you shouldn't
be benching this guy when the team's already horrendous and you're trying to change the
culture there so columbus fans you guys have been watching this a lot more closely just like the
winnipeg situation with the tickets and why people weren't showing up early on, I would love your guys' feedback on what you think
about the Laine and Goudreau situation.
And if you guys think that Pascal Vincent was right
in doing what he did.
I would almost love a Twitter poll right now
to figure it out until the end of the podcast.
So that's my piece on that.
But at the end of the day, these guys are riding the pine.
Oh, they're riding the pine, buddy.
They're riding the pine and getting paid lots of money to do it.
And you mentioned Yamo, man.
You got to wonder how much time this guy has left.
One playoff series winner in, what, 10 years?
The roster right now is constructed.
It isn't getting it done.
And also, too, how much harder is it for a rookie coach?
I mean, credibility is not the word, but guys in the room probably don't maybe trust them as much as a guy who's been
around no no i i would disagree with that because your your head coach is your head coach man like
okay like maybe goudreau and linea's veterans are more like well fuck this guy but but that
roster is full of guys who are respecting no matter who's behind the bench and playing the
way he's telling them to play those two guys are not i i just think like after a couple benching it's like
all right we got to try something else this isn't working and if you continue to bench and healthy
scratch it's like and there's no results there all right what do we do from here that's like a
last resort option to me which i guess they're coming to the point where they they have to do
anything possible to try to get this team going but it's ugly there yeah it's not like anybody's got that much cap space but i feel like columbus
would be the type of team for future assets to retain quite a bit of line a salary is there a
place where they're lacking uh you know top end goal scoring on the wings anywhere where they
could fit him in i don't know and and another thing too
i just talked about the oliver eckman larson situation like i don't want to lack empathy
towards patrick liney and not only the concussion issue i want to say like around two years ago he
lost his father as well so you never know how much this has an impact on the play because he's a few
years removed from a point of game season i think I think it was a shortened season when it was 56 games,
and he had 56 points.
So, yes, he can be that guy, but right now he's not.
So let's see how this thing shakes out, and who knows,
maybe a team desperate to add some goals in the mix
would make a move for him near the deadline,
and a team that is obviously going nowhere soon.
A guy who's going to be going somewhere soon, Patrick Kane,
Emily Kaplan at ESPN said he's going to be going somewhere soon.
He might have as many as eight suitors.
Reportedly met with Toronto, but Brooksy said it won't be the Rangers.
Florida, Buffalo, Detroit, Tampa Bay, Carolina, and Dallas
also said to be in the mix.
With the Rangers last year, you had 12 points in 19 regular season games,
then six points in seven playoff games.
What's he have left in the tank,
especially after the surgery?
Is it going to look better?
We're us what?
That's the question that remains to be answered.
And for me, I understand the excitement on the cane
and where's he going?
And obviously the Hall of Fame,
everything he's done, true legend of the game.
But it's almost like wait and see here a little bit
because that's a big time surgery. And obviously some videos released where he looks good on the ice. He's almost like wait and see here a little bit because that's a big time surgery
and obviously some videos released where he looks good on the ice he's out there alone so you got
to take that for what it's worth but i'm not ready like i'm not gonna be like oh my god whoever signs
him you're getting boom boom you got you got the old patrick came back like you got to see this
guy play and the pace of the game and coming back from a major injury like we'll see what happens
now what's impressive is unless you talk to Pasha,
there were times he looked really good for the Rangers last year
and he was playing hurt.
So if he feels that much better now,
you're going to probably expect to see a dynamic Patrick Kane,
a playmaker, a goal scorer.
But I got to see him play first.
That's why, like, Dallas to me is so good i think that they i actually think right now they're
gonna win the stanley cup based on like ottinger and that team and veterans and just like they have
the makings of a stanley cup team if he goes there and then doesn't have to be like the number one
guy i guess the the main thing is that he wants to go to a contender which makes sense and he
wants to go somewhere where he probably isn't expected
to just carry the load everywhere.
Did you mention-
Dallas, he doesn't need to.
Did you mention at last pod that he's,
I don't think he's waiting to,
but it's just going to happen,
it just so happened that when he hits,
what, 35, a certain age,
that he can be paid a minimal salary,
but then make a lot of money in bonuses,
which don't-
No, I didn't say that.
Okay. I didn't. So if I i'm not mistaken a big component to this is he can go to a contender and not add a lot
of salary to their books and or it would be added on next year based on the connor brown situation
kind of it well connor brown is he's not 35 though he's not 35 he's making he's not basically on a
one-year tryout making a million
bucks but Patrick Kane could go somewhere make a million dollars in salary and then end up making
up to four in in or however much they work out as far as the bonus structure for games played
points uh how far they go as far as the Stanley Cup playoffs are concerned so that's a huge
component to this too his age and the fact that
now at a certain age you can get away with this bonus structure where it doesn't affect the cap
as much i i team i know he's going to toronto first off along with zadorov and tanov you can
get hannifin not hannifin hannifin's not coming they can't afford him clingers come climberg's
coming off the books they're getting zadorov tv they're gonna fucking bolster up that back end and then they're gonna add patty kane the current best american
born player of all time and he's gonna hand the torch off to austin matthews after the win they
win the cup it's gonna be glorious i'm gonna be so happy but we don't need to dive into it too
much right now um if i'm a team though like i don't know does he want a three-year deal like
i'm kind of just doing the one-year deal.
One year.
Because you don't know, right?
But he could be saying to teams, hey, I want three years.
And then that might take some teams out of it.
I think Dallas, to me, if he wants to really compete for a Stanley Cup,
and obviously Florida, too, with what they're doing
and how good they've looked without some big guys playing,
that's a possibility.
I've said long ago, when he was still a Blackhawk i'd love to see him in buffalo if he wants to compete
for the stanley cup i don't think that's gonna happen especially they haven't even said how long
tage thompson's out but it's a lot it's gonna be a while so i don't know about the sabers that
would be a really cool story but to me i'm just seeing him in dallas that's kind of what i'm
picturing are you hearing anything from behind the scenes?
Nope, I got nothing.
I got nothing.
Him and Sagan played together in Switzerland, too, during the lockout.
Yes, there we go.
Inside source.
Where do you think he's going, R.A.?
Why is Boston involved in this?
No money?
No, they need a centerman.
Yeah, I don't know.
True.
It doesn't surprise me that they're not.
Toronto seems like the obvious one, but I think Dallas.
I think Dallas will be a good fit for him.
And I don't think I don't think he's looking to make any crazy money.
He's already made all his money.
That's what I'm saying.
He's taking a hometown discount.
I mean, but you're saying like, obviously, Boston, that was stupid.
I mean, they need centers.
But that's not what Toronto needs.
They don't need that.
Come on.
Be an honest fan for once. No. One of your seven teams. They don't need that um come on be an honest fan for once no i'm one of your
seven teams they don't need that no i i am because i think that like i like i like bertuzzi on the
top lines and now he's playing a lot better and it's stanley cup maybe and i think that that he
adds a different element than what those other top guys bring where you know if you got matthews
and marner cook and you need a guy who's posted up at the top of the paint
distracting the goalie right you can't have three perimeter type players but the guys standing in
the paint but no but i'm saying though is if you added him to the mix like what if bertuzzi's all
of a sudden now on your second and or third line where the depth gets bumped down where he can eat
up guys on the third line so i just think that that that
there i would assume that he'd probably want to play with matthews like that's a guy you look at
when you're an american you say hey i can go over there and play with one of the best 200 foot
centers in the game and top players of his time and and sign a one-year deal where once like
bertuzzi's on a one-year too so you get to see where things are at and then what they end up doing with the Nylander situation with whether they can pay
him or not or keep him around and then you can kind of reshuffle the deck in the offseason I
don't think Kane's taken anything more than the rest of this year and seeing if he can come back
and play up to that standard and I think the landing spot's Toronto and if you want to go
into the fucking Zadorov tan of thing
i know that brad tree living is going to make that work there's been the injury conversation
with klinberg and how the i mean keith made a comment saying that we're not protecting him
enough listen if you're a fucking defenseman in the national hockey league and you're being paid
four million and you've been in the league for 10 years, I don't want to hear the words, we need to protect him better out there.
Yeah.
That's fucking.
What is the injury?
Well, so I heard he doesn't have great hips,
but at the end of the day,
if you're going to win a Stanley Cup,
I don't see a place for Klingberg on the roster
in your top six.
I think that most Leafs fans can agree.
I have all the respect for his offensive
ability but watching him play on the defensive side of the puck is awful especially in the house
in that net front he's not bending his knees and he is getting worked around and it's not like he
can even close guys off on the walls either so the centerman can come by and swoop by and grab the
puck you need to get his four million off the books I think that between tana and zadora they make around collectively that exact same amount and i think
that it's a no-brainer if you're tree living you send over at this point fucking put all the chips
on the table maybe you send over a first rounder with it and i think that you can get it done
i'm done talking about toronto though my apologies are sure you are well for this podcast until after the interview uh yeah till we go to dinner uh yeah you
just mentioned all all those flames tana hannifin lindholm uh buddy what's this hold on tana
hannifin lindholm and who's the oh oh fucking the door yeah four of them gonna get traded
pl lebrun said the flames are ready for
a roster reset hannifin almost signed an extension last month close to 60 million that is insane to
me not like i would be so nervous not signing if 60 million was offered to me that's what the
that's what is being said right now and another thing that's being said and going back to the
zadorov is when he requested a trade apparently it did not bode
well with the guys in the locker room to the point where there was rumblings that they didn't
necessarily want him in the lineup anymore so talk about trade leverage for a team who wants to add
Zdorov as like a 5-6 at the deadline I would imagine that Calgary probably wants to move off
of this situation as as soon
as possible if what i'm hearing is true and they don't want him in the lineup because if the
teammates are kind of revolting and don't want him around that creates a real negative space in the
locker room as if though it hasn't been negative to begin with to start the season so right now
things in calgary are imploding and gee it it might even have been, you said it,
this,
they are going to be selling by Thanksgiving.
And here we are.
They're going to sell earlier than later though.
Gee might have the best hot takes coming from preseason picks than any of us.
Yup.
So they,
they got to unload everything and start the rebuild now,
if you're asking me.
And the fact that Hannafin is not signed there,
it tells you everything you need to know.
One guy who's not going anywhere. i have a little breaking news regarding ironically the
world cup of hockey uh greg wischinski just tweeted out the current plan for the 2025 world
cup of hockey which will not be called the world cup of hockey will feature four national teams
the u.s canada sweden and finland there'll be zero russians there's a chance that u.s and
canada will play three times next proper world cup might not be until 2028 so if they're that
adamant about not letting russia play i guess that's the best you're gonna do um it really
screws over leon stutzel uh kevin fiala They should do a doping division against Kopitar.
That's crazy.
They should do a doping division and then do
a sober division and then the winners meet.
No?
What kind of dope?
So you said not till
2028? What are they busy working on this
NFT still? Then they're thinking Russia
could be back in. It's like, put Russia in.
It's fucking stupid.
Okay, well, you were right.
What they could do is if they put Russia in,
then you could have the sixth team be everyone but Sweden, Finland, Russia.
Exactly.
Kind of what they did at the last one with the Euro team that Ralph Kruger coached
that went on like a little run in that tournament.
Yeah, that was sick.
Well, one flame who's not going anywhere, this rookie, Conor Zeri.
He's at, what, six points in his first seven games.
Have you seen him at all?
He kind of fucking pops right up the screen when you watch him.
I have not seen Calgary play at all.
Yeah, high draft pick.
But, I mean, let's talk about the call to race for a second.
But, Dad, he's pulled ahead in goals and points.
He's got nine goals, six assists, 15 points in 16 games.
Your boy, Logan Cooley, he's got 12 points.
What other guys have jumped out at you for rookies?
Going back.
D-Man, Mignikov.
Mignikov, yeah.
He's a stud in Anaheim playing big minutes.
Luke Hughes looks great.
He looks great.
I mean, did he battle an injury?
No, his brother got injured.
What am I talking about?
Well, he got crunched in the boards that game.
I forget by who, but he missed the rest of the game.
He came back.
Yes, yes.
So he was a little hurt.
There was another rookie on my mind.
I mean, poor trust slowed down.
Yeah.
But Montgomery is still very complimentary and saying like he plays defense.
He's just a solid defensive player as well.
It's why he stayed up with the team.
Another rookie.
Leo.
Leo.
Yeah.
What a rookie class.
I know we've said this a bunch, but I think Bedard's going to end up kind of running away with this thing a little bit. Leo. Leo. Yeah. What a rookie class. I know we've said this a bunch,
but I think Bedard's going to end up kind of running away with this thing a little bit.
He's just so good.
He's so dominant when he has the puck on his stick that I think in the end,
and with the minutes he's going to get,
especially if they continue with maybe,
I know it's changed a little with Leo sitting out games here and there,
because he's been so good.
They're just playing him.
But Bedard's starting every power play.
He's playing 20 minutes every night, or 18 to 20 minutes every night.
His shot, I think Bedard ends up winning this, but it's a race.
It's going to be a nice little race just because of all the talent.
Yeah, it's been nice seeing him be able to play
without all the lights and cameras around him for nonstop interviews.
And going back to that first 7-8 game stretch,
he was playing against the defending Stanley cup champions.
He was playing on,
on,
you know,
every like hockey night in Canada,
TNT,
ESPN opening night.
So now that that's calmed down and now that the competition is evened off,
he's,
he is him.
No,
he is him.
You little young buck over there.
Speaking of rookies,
obviously Devin Levi's a rookie,
but how about the Zach Benson on Buffalo?
He took on like five of the fucking Jets the other night.
Where were the rest of the Sabres?
That's embarrassing.
What the fuck?
So that's my biggest gripe about the Sabres
is they don't have enough sandpaper.
They brought Greenway in to start the season off.
Tuck was fighting and getting involved
and doing all that shit
he's he's a 50 60 point guy guaranteed tuck shouldn't be worrying about that bullshit the
team is so young they like i mean they should go out and sign a guy like deloria and i know that
those types of guys are far and few between but you see how valuable these guys can be on good
teams like look at uh curtis mc McDermott with the Colorado Avalanche.
He doesn't need to play every game.
Fuck some games he's playing forward, other games he's playing D.
You need a Swiss Army knife heavyweight that can get in the lineup
when situations like that happen.
Because when an 18-year-old is going to the net front looking for goals
and maybe he pokes a little bit late as the whistle's going
and five guys five guys uh want
to jump on him you better have teammates coming in and i don't give a fuck about the rule if the
d-men come in the face-off comes outside the zone it's 82 game season get guys in there fucking
pumping guys thing is is that the sabers ended up shorthanded after that yeah so it's just like
what the hell that made no sense to me they need more sandpaper but i guess
i'm okay with them not leveraging anything to get something like that in just yet because the the
bright years are ahead of them but they need to look to address that space they gotta find they
gotta find us a door off they gotta go get a type of guy like that uh i'm not sure if the anthem
singer got a penalty from the Bruin Sabres game.
Did you hear him?
He started freestyling the fucking national anthem, basically,
the Canadian anthem.
Tough one.
Oh, that was brutal.
Like, that little kid, they showed their picture.
The little kid looked up at his dad.
They were, like, fucking chuckling at him.
But one last note before we send it over to Levi.
Congrats to Sabres captain Kyle Oposo.
He played his 1,000th game.
Huge congrats to him, especially after all the medical woes he had with one of the great guys in the
game.
We were fortunate to interview him up in Buffalo last year.
Yeah, and his interview,
if you haven't heard it,
to hear what he went through and then the treatment he was getting to try to
really help him get healthy again.
It was an awesome interview.
Great guy.
1,000 games.
I've said it before,
like 1,000 games.
I'm not trying to be,
oh, I played,
but I think when you've played in the nhl
thousand games means maybe even a little more to you like in respect wise like fans here oh that's
great but like playing the game and i i i think i had 450 right around it's like holy shit it's so
many games to be like that good of a player to be on a team that long in the league that long
congrats to him and
all the guys i played 200 and i feel like a crash test dummy so i don't know how these guys play a
thousand yeah that's why we give them the props here when they get to that number but anyways
let's send it over to devin levi right now this interview is brought to you by chevy chevy is
working to make charging simple when i talk to people that ask me about these ads, that is their one worry.
What if there isn't enough places to charge my truck?
What if I have to drive too far and the battery runs out and I am not able to charge it?
Well, nope, not with Chevy.
Over 110,000 charging stations across the U.S. and Canada, and that number's growing.
Next year, there'll be even more.
Your smartphone becomes your co-pilot when using the MyChevrolet mobile app with Energy Assist. The app allows you to access vehicle information like battery status
and charging settings from anywhere. The Energy Assist feature intelligently plans your routes,
tells you where and how long to charge up, and gives you real-time data about charging station
availability. You don't want to go somewhere where they're already all taken up, but with the MyChevy
app, you'll know when there's an available charging station for you.
There are three different home charging levels available.
Chevy electric vehicles offer great options for charging, all of them as simple as just plugging in your smartphone.
Learn more at Chevy.com slash electric.
We're going to try to get G onto this Chevy train.
He needs a new car.
He needs a Chevy electric vehicle, and he needs to use the MyChevy app.
So go on over to chevy.com slash electric.
All right, we're excited to bring on our next guest.
He was selected in the seventh round
by the Panthers at the 2020 draft.
They traded his rights a year later.
Then he rewrote the record book
for goalies at Northeastern University,
becoming the first player to win two Mike Richter trophies,
and he departed tied with the second best save percentage in NHL history.
Today, he's a rookie for the Buffalo Sabres,
and it's great to welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast, Devin Levi.
What's shakin', Jedi? How we doin'?
I'm doing well. How about you guys?
No, we're chugging along, man. How's the season going so far?
It's going great, man.
You know, first NHL season, just, you know, every day in the NHL is a good day.
So I'm just enjoying myself.
Well, R.A. mentioned that you finished the NHL career with the second best save percentage.
Let's hope that's how it is.
But it was the NCAA.
So what a run shocker.
Get ahead of myself.
R.A. fucking up with the numbers again.
Jesus.
It's not even numbers.
R.A.'s been struggling with numbers lately.
Oh, I thought he had a magic ball.
I thought he was looking at the future.
He has a ball, right?
I don't know if it's magic, but.
So how's everything going, dude?
I mean, obviously went in there last year,
which is probably such a relief just to get to experience the guys in the NHL
opposed to going in blind this training camp.
But, you know, how'd the summer go training-wise and the guys in the NHL opposed to going in blind this this training camp but you know how'd the summer go training wise and the beginning of the year how's your body feeling
and all that yeah you know summer went really well I think uh getting a little taste of you
know what it takes to play in the NHL last year definitely um gave me some insight and motivation
going into the summer um you know I knew exactly what I needed to do what I needed to prepare
um to get ready for the season and it happened to just be the same stuff that you know i've been doing um what i've been
doing up to that point kind of seemed to be working so you know i didn't really go rewrite
the script change much just keep doing what i'm doing i always wonder for goalies um you know you
have a goalie coach that you maybe you work with in the summer that you've known for a long time
i don't know if that's the case then you got a goalie coach that maybe you work with in the summer that you've known for a long time. I don't know if that's the case.
Then you got a goalie coach at Northeastern.
Then you go to Buffalo.
It's a new goalie coach.
Are you kind of relaying to this guy like what you feel your strengths and weaknesses or whichever coach you're dealing with?
Are you just kind of listening to them and what they think?
Yeah.
So I've had a few goalie coaches over the years.
You know, my goalie coach at home, his name is Marco, Marco Raimondo.
He's awesome.
I've been working with him for probably five years now.
He coached against me when I was a little bit younger.
So he's been watching me for a long time.
And so he knows exactly how I take what he needs to say to me to kind of turn me on.
And, you know, he knows how I work on the ice also.
So I worked with Mike condon at northeastern
um he was awesome it was great to be able to work with um you know a former nhl goalie and
you get his perspective on the game um jason la barbara is a guy that i worked with at world
juniors oh shit um yeah he's awesome too yeah bars he's the b b b b beefcake is what we used
to call him in the locker room he's's a wrestling fanatic biz, right?
Oh, loves it.
Did you guys get talk wrestling?
No, we didn't actually.
Oh, God.
Don't get him going.
He used to watch all of them in the plane.
It's like you already know what the fuck the result is.
Why are you re-watching these matches?
Him and Yanzi would sit together and go crazy.
But great guy.
Great communicator too.
Yeah, he helped my game a lot for sure.
All these guys, you know, Mike Bales right now,
he's my goalie coach in Buffalo.
You know, all these guys kind of helped me
kind of figure out who I am as a goalie.
And, you know, it's still a work in progress,
you know, every day trying to get better.
Do they communicate?
Is there a lot of handing off and back and forth?
Yeah, yeah yeah exactly they all
communicate everyone just kind of wants to be on the same page um you know the more information
they know the better the more they know me you know the better they could handle me so um yeah
it's been great open communication always helps so you said nothing changes uh obviously the
hardest part being the way that these guys in the nhl can shoot the puck though like are you having
nhl guys shooting you in the summer or are the college guys shooting the pill just as hard as
these nhlers yeah they're my uh marco tries to get some pros out there um you know we kind of
work with what we have so there's some days it'll be college guys some days pro guys um but it's uh
it's kind of just like it's still the game of hockey. It's the same. Stop the puck. Doesn't matter who's shooting.
So I think I've gone through that like a few times.
Like just the biggest probably like discrepancy between shots I've gone through in my career was playing in the CCHL and then going to play World Juniors.
I kind of just made the leap and, you know, it was a pretty big jump.
But just going in, it didn't feel that big. It was kind of just play the leap and, you know, it was a pretty big jump, but just going in, it didn't feel that big.
It was kind of just play the game I know how to play
and everything kind of just fell into place.
So the shooters, like it's great to have good shooters,
but even shooters that don't shoot as hard,
there's still a lot of work that you can get done.
Are you one of those goalies that pays attention to the systems
and you would know like you're sitting in the PK meetings
and you can kind of read the play and understand all that.
Some guys, I don't think some goalies maybe understand that.
Yeah, for sure the PK meetings.
Goalie is a big part of the PK, so I sit in on those.
Also, it makes the game so much easier
when you can read off your D, read off your players.
You know, it's hard when it's a 5-on-0.
Like in practice, you get a 3-on-0. There's a million different plays that could be made, but, you know,'s it's hard when it's a five on oh like in practice you get a three on
oh there's a million different um plays that could be made but you know if you could read off your d
and you watch how the play develops there's only a handful of things that that could happen so um
being able to read read the play really stems from being able to read from where your guys are so
anybody else hear those those dings yeah is that. Is that me? Yeah. That might be. Oh, is that you?
Yeah.
That's a fine.
Who's texting you?
Uh,
I have no idea.
His goalie coach at home,
Marco.
So,
Hey,
as a youngster,
it's,
it seems like a lot of goalies.
It's not like they're,
they're playing goalie from six or seven years old.
Maybe they play out a year and they get into it a little later i don't know what was it like for you in terms of picking that
position and starting your your hockey career as a goaltender yeah um you know i don't even know why
i became a goalie like i just i just kind of liked it like i must have been like crazy growing up
wanting to take shots to the head but i just felt the want to like be in the net
and stop pucks um I started off as a player um I wasn't very good I was okay um and I was just
kind of hoping for our goalie like to just be sick when we'd go to the rink so I could take his gear
and go next that's kind of just how it started um I'd always go and that's like uh for road hockey
and um off the ice in the basement.
My dad always used to shoot on me and my brother, too.
So I just ended up asking my dad for a pair of pads,
and it kind of just started from there.
Yeah, you started off with street hockey, but you didn't play on the ice until what?
You were 11 years old, I read?
Yeah, I was probably around 10 years old.
I think that's when I fully transitioned to being a goalie.
But, you know, I was playing a little bit here and there when I was younger.
But I think being able to play hockey just as a player,
learn how to skate was pretty important too.
When it came time to go juniors or Northeastern,
or college I should say,
was juniors even in the equation being a kid from Quebec?
How hard was that decision for you?
And how did you decide on Northeastern I remember I remember at one point I was customizing pads for
um to go to the Armada to Blainville that's who drafted me um and you know Joel Bouchard was there
and he was um he was kind of trying to recruit me and he was great um I was pretty convinced at one
point but um you know I I just, I had always
felt like deep down that, that college was the way to go. It just gave me more time to develop
as a goalie, especially as a goalie, because it takes so much longer to, to kind of, you know,
mature and feel the game. So I didn't feel like there was ever a rush. I felt like major junior
was a little bit of a rush. So I decided to just take my time, you know, go to college if I need till I'm 24, I could take it.
So just that extra leeway, kind of just like a little bit of peace of mind where I could just kind of focus on just having fun every day and getting better rather than trying to be like trying to make a team, trying to, you know, be the best at this level. Kind of just take it day by day. And I think that mentality,
the no rush mentality helped me a lot.
And I think at the end of the day,
it accelerated my process too.
We talked to some former teammates of yours
and it was mentioned,
the kid's like a genius.
He's also a space cadet.
He's basically amazing at school work,
but out to lunch.
And so was schooling actually
always really important with your family? You're always a good student and and was that kind of how your your life went
early on you're always into school it wasn't just like i'm a hockey player yeah definitely a space
kid outside the rink and outside the classroom but when i when i want to put my mind to something i
can't so um yeah i mean i always worked hard in school um always got good grades i think uh
i think that helped me just growing up.
My parents were big on that, big on college, you know, getting your degree, um, being a
well-rounded person.
So, um, you know, when Northeastern came knocking on the door, it was, it was a no brainer.
Like, um, go play in the bean pot, you know, it's something special.
Not everyone gets to do it.
So we saw a video, somebody sent the video a video of you uh like getting crowd surfed
and you chugged the beer and then i think it was an oposo who said that nobody can chug a beer
faster than you how did you learn to drink yeah i mean at the time like at that was probably the
first beer i've chugged like i i'm not a big drinker and i didn't drink much growing up and
you know it was just with the boys.
We were having, like, a little contest.
I was like, I don't even know. Just a natural.
Yeah, and I just went off against one of the guys,
and everyone was like, whoa.
You just deleted the thing.
Just boom, gonzos.
Yeah, like, I was able, like, growing up,
to kind of take a water bottle and, like, smush it
and get all that water, like, down.
But I've never tried it with beer.
So it was just funny.
All the boys were loving it.
How buzzed were you off of one beer?
Yeah, I was feeling it.
Is Northeastern Ivy League or is it kind of not?
No, no, no, no.
I went there because it can't be.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
It's like Davenport University where i went a bunch of portables
yeah yeah so it's hockey's okay i thought well i just thought everybody everybody's talking about
how smart you are your your father's a software engineer so obviously he's is that where you got
the brains yeah my mom too is smart she did well in school. But yeah, my dad, I got my ambition from my dad for sure. But it's not Ivy. I actually wanted to go to Ivy so bad. Like, I remember growing up like it was a Harvard, Harvard, just like like I want to go to Harvard. up in midget he gave me uh you know harvard's number like text the coach like he he's interested
like reach out to him i probably sent him like 10 15 emails texted his phone like expecting an
answer and never got an answer with the restraining order yeah my coach just kept telling me like hey
he's gonna answer just keep going for it you know and at one point i was just like all right i'm not going to harvard um and then it was it's just like a cool story like
full circle harvard ended up coming banging back on my door um you know a little bit later when it
was time for me to make a decision i was like no i'm going i'm going northeastern um playing
harvard in the bean pod also. I definitely
felt a little bit of
something's there.
Was that coach still there?
Yeah.
Ted Donato, he's been in the NHL a long time,
Biz. No shit. That's where he is.
I don't know the whole college scene, right?
No, I know. That's why I told you.
He's a great guy. I ended up meeting him after
World Junior League. Did you give him the throat slash after you guys beat him?
Fuck you, bitch.
I went to my fucking pecs.
What other schools did it come down to?
Was it kind of just Northeastern from the get-go,
or was there other schools that were pretty close once decision day came?
So I was actually committed to Vermont at first.
They were the first team that offered me,
and at the time I didn't know what else I was going committed to Vermont at first. They were the first team that offered me.
And at the time, I didn't know what else I was going to get.
So I kind of just jumped at the bait and I took it.
And, you know, a little bit down the line, just playing in the CCHL, I kind of like realized that, you know, like I'm doing well. Like I could go to a big school.
And some other schools came knocking.
And Northeastern was one of them.
And it was Jim Madigan just came and just, like, offered me the red carpet.
Like, hey, you're going to start here.
Like, you're our guy.
Like, we want to ride you.
And no other team's done that.
So it was a no-brainer to go and be a Husky.
I know you guys play in one of the oldest rinks in the world, Matthews Arena.
Have they done it over at all on the inside?
I know places like a fossil back when I was going to school there.
Fun barn, though.
It's a great place to watch a game, unreal place for a game.
It's awesome.
The atmosphere in there is amazing.
I don't know what it looked like when you went to school,
but I don't think it's changed.
You didn't have plumbing yet.
Oh, really?
I think it was.
I hate that old buddy.
But I read your coaches,
like they had to pull the reins in on you a couple of times
because you just wanted to be on the ice so much.
And one year you guys could meet as a team,
but you couldn't go on the ice yet.
So you put the full pads on it and went outside
on one of the Boston Street on the concrete, took shots out there.
Is that true?
Yeah, yeah, that's true.
Mike Kondo, so he pulled me off the ice a few times.
I just like staying out after practice,
just messing around with the guys, playing two-puck rebound.
It's hard for me to get off the ice, but he pulled me off a lot.
I kind of realize now why he did that.
With 82 games, it's a long season.
I remember just like two weeks ago, I played the first four games,
and I hurt myself a little bit after the fourth game.
It was four days in a week, so it was a lot.
I remember my girlfriend, she texted me and we we didn't win the game
she's like it's all right like it's only four games you got 78 left I'm like wow 78 games like
she didn't know what she was saying like I was like wow that's a lot of games so um you know
just being able to manage a 82 game season so different than you know managing a 35 game college
season so you know I think I got away with it in college but um you know managing a 35 game college season so you know
i think i got away with it in college but um you know just kind of rewriting the script a little
bit and being able to um be more professional take care of my body now but yeah i was i was
out in the in the on the pavement taking shots from from the boys in full gear off the ice so
yeah they try to kick you out of the rink i heard you're a bit of a rink rat you just hang out all
day past the train trainers like get the fuck out of here yeah yeah a little bit i got a little bit of shit for staying here too long
um but i told them they could leave like i i they don't need to stay i'll lock up yeah guys i'll
lock up i got it like yaga i'm interested um you know in reading that you you do a lot of work with
like virtual reality and i guess there's a bunch of teams and goalies who do this now.
Can you kind of explain to me and the listeners what that even entails, what that whole program's like and what you're doing with the goggles on?
The VR goggles?
Yeah.
So since Arena, I first got introduced to this like platform of training at World Juniors.
Jason Labarro was
the one that got a vr headset for uh myself and the other goalies and at the time it was just
kind of like let's like screw around just like have some fun it's like a video game um taking
shots but i realized like i could actually use this to like to to get better like for my development
so um you know there's so many different purposes that i use it for now like it's a great tool for when i'm injured um to you know take shots without if i'm
not able to skate like just stay in the swing of things you know it's so realistic there's actual
guys shooting like i have to read a blade like track a puck i gotta move around too so um it's
it's been great for like just when i when i don't want to go on the ice if i if i need to take a
little bit of time off for whatever reason injury like just like fatigue um I don't want to go on the ice, if I need to take a little bit of time off for whatever reason,
injury, just fatigue.
I don't have to put the gear on.
I could just put this on.
I just need a living room, and I could face shots.
So it's been pretty cool for me.
Hey, the only problem is LaBarber gives it to you,
and it's the Undertaker jumping off a steel cage.
You're like, can you switch to the hockey board?
I was going to say porn.
Oh, Jesus. Get your hand out of there oh jesus you got the goggles on um hey does does every goalie that tries these agree with you though or is it just you neurologically like it works for you
not not everyone um thinks it it it works you know there's different there's different people
that think different things for me it works great i've seen a lot of guys that it's worked great for
too um you know some people just can't stand not like like just like it's not actually there you
know there's no one actually shooting so like do you think the do you think the oilers goalies know about these things? I have no idea, man.
Okay.
I hate to put you on the spot there,
but fuck, those guys have been brutal this year.
Early on when you were
using it, did you ever have any incidents? You see
viral videos of people punching TVs
or falling downstairs because they get so wrapped up
into what they're doing? Yeah, I've seen
those videos. They're really funny.
Does it take a while to get used to?
Yeah, the best part about them, though,
is giving them to the boys.
Whenever they see me using it,
they all want a piece,
so I give it to them,
and it's hilarious seeing them
try to stop a puck.
They think they're so good
until they put these VR goggles on.
So it's really funny seeing them
try to stop pucks.
What do you mean?
They can't just stand there with the goggles on
and make the motion of a goalie and get in front of it?
It's going that fast where it's like if you're not a goalie,
you're getting fucking scored on every time?
It's realistic, man.
Come on.
It isn't you shooting on there, Biz.
Who's the best non-goalie?
Who's the player who can do it the best?
Owen Power is really good owen power is really good
ken johnson also i kind of trained him uh he's he's solid now too so they could be goalies now
but just in case just in case like maybe a couple goalies get the flu powers going in that for the
sabers yeah i don't know if he's fitting in my gear. We might have to get him some bigger gear.
Well, yeah, use your sponsorship.
Use your brand to get him some extra pads just in case.
I would pay to see Mighty D.C. power in that.
Yeah, he's a goalie, Mighty.
I think he'd be good.
I think he'd be solid.
All right.
Dev, I mentioned you got taken in the seventh round.
Were you expecting a goal a little bit earlier given the success you had prior to the draft?
Yeah, I remember going into the draft not knowing if I was going to get drafted.
It was just like I did well in the CCHL,
but I think it was a lot of question marks for some scouts
just because they hadn't really heard of the league.
I think I had to plead to every single team why I think I could play in the NHL at six feet. So that got old quick. But, you know,
I think I think looking back on it, like the what happened kind of fits my personality like pretty
well. I grew up as an underdog. You know, I thrive when I feel like I'm being doubted.
um you know i i thrive when um i feel like i'm being doubted um so i think that that whole situation kind of um gave me a lot of fuel to kind of be here right now like what was their
concern you'll be in six feet like you're too small or something at that size yeah yeah exactly
um you know i think a lot of a lot of a lot of guys only think that like six four six five
goalies could stop the clock because they're bigger um but you know that's uh i kind of made it my mission to kind of prove them wrong
you keep like a book like uh like the guy in adam sandler yeah i just write everything down
everyone who's ever told it to me i got this guy wrong that guy wrong anybody ever call you like
hey i was wrong you weren't too sure it was a cross him off
hey did you negotiate your own contract no i didn't actually okay because you're the only
player from the 2020 draft uh on uh it says here you're outside of the first round where you got
max on all salary bonuses and everything you could so fuck i don't know tip of the cap to
your agent man that's pretty impressive did you were you telling him like nah go back get me more
or like he did that all himself we were going back and forth but um he did it fucking rights
yeah got him right by the ball i mean they're fucking giving out eight-year deals to all the
other guys at least you can get his max out on your entry level right yeah yeah i mean i mean owen power and um rassus delian are pretty special
players so they deserve yeah that's true that's true that's true i don't mean to put you on the
spot again for the second time i mean you were playing college so i guess it wasn't like it's
right on your mind but when you got traded were you surprised or was it more like oh i haven't
even been there so it's not a big deal had you heard anything or was it just random call hey
you're a buffalo saber uh property now i was coming back from the movie theater at night with
like some buddies and i got four missed calls from bill zito i was like what what's going on
um and so i i gave him a call back and you know he just told me i'm traded i was
like wow like i've been drafted for six months like i didn't even play like that's kind of crazy
i was like okay uh where am i where am i traded to and uh you know i just i i got a call from uh
from seamus kalyuk who's gold development guy with the Sabres. And, you know, very warm welcome.
But I think the most memorable part of that was Roberto Luongo gave me a call
a little bit after.
And, you know, he was a guy that I looked up to when I was a kid.
He was the first NHL goalie that I met.
And he was one of the reasons why I became a goalie.
So it was really cool to be working with him when I was with the Panthers.
And I remember, so Roberto was given the pick, the last pick of their draft.
And, you know, Bill Zito gave it to him and his brother.
And he said, hey, do what you want with it.
And so he chose me.
I was his first pick when he joined the organization. So when he gave me the call was his first I was his first pet. That's awesome. When he joined the organization.
So when when he gave me the call, he was in tears and it was just heartbreaking.
Like he was heartbroken. It was it was it was it was very special.
You know, that phone call to to to be on that level with such a hockey legend.
Had he went and watched you play that season?
with such a hockey legend had he went and watched you play that season um i don't think in person but i think him and him and his brother leo did a lot of video um and uh i it was there was so
much behind the scenes going on during the draft like my goalie coach marco um knows leo very well
and like they were talking and it's like you gotta draft this guy and it was it was
crazy there's a lot happening behind the scenes so looking back on it it was actually wild that
i got drafted um which which is pretty cool yeah your first two college games back-to-back
shutouts did you even surprise yourself with that yeah you know not a bad start it felt
it was great it was great great way to get things going, that's for sure. I think it was just the perfect start to college.
I think me and the boys just took momentum from that and we kept going.
And college was probably the best time of my life.
Now, after you dominate a level like that two straight years, it is time to move on.
And I'm sure buffalo
said the same thing but was there a part of you that wanted to go back or were you already mentally
like i'm ready for this next step um yeah i think after the first year i was getting calls from from
buffalo um and uh we'll give you one more year they said probably yeah so i i told them that i
wanted to go back um i still
haven't let in a goal in a ganas arena so i was like let's see let's give them a shot fuck off
fuck out of here and they still didn't score but um it was it was that's what bu plays biz
i know i figured i figured he's got you by the balls yeah he does yeah i had to come into
that plan um but but yeah i definitely wanted to go back for one more year you know um i think that
uh there's no like like i said before like my approach to you know my career has never been
like through like rushing and trying to get to the next level as quick as i can so um i think, I think it was a no brainer to go back, just take my time,
just develop one more year. It's only two years of college,
two years of playing. So I think it helped me a lot.
What was the game that Kevin Adams told the story where he went to see you
play and you ended up getting shelled for like seven goals.
It was against Harvard, I think. The team big timed him.
Oh no. It was against Harvard. It was against harvard i think the team big timed him oh yeah it was again
it was getting the throat slash instantly regretting the throat slash and then he's
giving it back to you did you know he was there that game yeah i didn't know he was there oh
fuck that sucks yeah but the support i got from him after the game, he said, hey, I really like that.
You went back in after and continued playing.
So I was like, if he doesn't think that's a bad game,
then shouldn't be worried about what he's thinking.
So he kind of just gave me peace of mind about that situation.
And it made me want to beat Harvard even more
going into the beanpot, which we eventually did.
So it was meant to be.
In that game where you got pulled,
did you just go up to the coach and, like, kind of bully him,
like, put me back in?
I mean, you don't really see that ever.
So it must have been your decision.
Like, I want to go back in.
And was he cool with it, or did you have to do some convincing?
Yeah, no, I told him I'm playing I ain't never putting the pads on for you again motherfucker
put me back in bitch I got people here watching me motherfucker or I'm gonna put these VR goggles
on the bench you don't think I got shit on you coach
yeah i guess it went something like that yeah i told him i want to go back
you told me back in was that the most goals you ever gave up in a game at any level um
let me think i gave up no i've given up 11 goals once that was my first it was in midget midget triple a my first year
um we went to uh it was really it was really funny it was three three going into the third period
and our our goalie coach raz he's he's our he's our head coach for the game because our head coach
couldn't make it uh he was. I don't know why.
I think he was sick.
And so Raz gives us the speech of his life.
This is what it comes down to in the playoffs.
We need to win this game.
If we don't win this game, we're not going to make playoffs.
This is what it comes down to.
These are playoff games.
These are must-win games.
I led in seven goals in the period.
We lost 11-3. It was just really funny looking back i think it was one of my teammates birthdays also
and uh he went minus 11 at that game so it was just a shit show oh my god that's a wit night
that's a night right there oh my yeah it was it was funny it must be a long lost i think i'd rather go minus
four on the show than than minus 11 and midget i know that i know there's a level of discrepancy
my double digits that's fucking you should have to sit out like if i hit minus eight in a game
i'm like not letting the coach put me back out there if i even had a chance like i'm done i
don't have it tonight yeah no he i, I mean, but as a GM,
like, you got to be excited about the character
of a player that you drafted
that were to go say that.
And, like, what was, again, your reasoning?
Like, you just, like,
I just didn't want to let my team down.
I wanted to go to the fight till the end.
Yeah, you know, everyone else was still playing,
and so I didn't want to just be on the bench,
like, watch that game close out.
I just wanted to close it out with the guys, you know.
It was kind of just like a little mental battle, like just go back in there.
It's like you already, like I'm already letting seven goals, like let's just go play.
Like it's just like another opportunity to just work on like mental strength,
playing with adversity, you know, just like don't want to give up another
opportunity to get better. So I want to get back in there. Who's helped you with your mindset?
Because I saw a few interviews and I know when you hopped on, I said, we're excited to talk to you.
That's why I was so excited for such a young guy. You're so poised and you have such a
positive outlook on life and everything. Like where did that stem from and who's helped you
build that mental strength? I think it started from uh, from a young age with my, with my dad. Um, I think he's really,
um, implanted kind of seeds, um, as, as I grew up to help me with that. I just remember the
first thing, like probably when I was like four years old, um, for like one of my like earliest
memories was, um, I don't remember what i was doing but i remember i
wasn't doing well and i'm like i quit i give up and my dad's like you never say that like get
those words out of your vocabulary like never say i quit um and so i like i just like programmed
in me now like i just don't don't say that anymore so it's just like interesting looking back it's
kind of like a little fuzzy because it was so long ago.
It's like I was four years old.
But I remember just throughout the years, like little seeds planted like that, that have kind of helped me like develop kind of just like a positive way of thinking.
What about the nickname Beast?
Because I guess that's a new thing with Buffalo.
Aposo told me to ask where this came from.
So all the boys are calling you Beast, but none of us know why.
Yeah, it's pretty funny, actually.
The guys give me a hard time.
I love the nickname, but it started as a chirp.
So it was like last year I was talking to the media.
Or actually, we'll backtrack a little.
So I was just getting to Buffalo.
And, you know, like I was just getting to Buffalo. Um, and you know,
like I was so excited to play, wanted to get out on the ice and I couldn't get out on the ice cause I was waiting for like some paperwork to get in, to allow me to play. Um, and so I was
just like in the stands, like watching games, like it was probably like three, four games in a row
and I'm going to the rink and my, my goalie coach Marco me. And he's like, hey, like, how are you doing?
I was like, ah, like, I wish I was just, like, able to play, you know?
Like, I wish I could just get out there and compete with the guys.
Like, I want to play my first NHL game.
And so he's like, he gave me this line.
He's like, you can't keep the beast in the cage forever,
or you can't tame the beast in the cage forever,
just to, like, fire me up you know and so I
was that like resonated with me and like I remember just like having that as kind of just like a little
motivation a little good mindset to go into the rink and so I ended up saying that to the media
which looking back looked really bad like it was just in my head quote i happened to yeah so i just said
it and so it sounded like i was calling myself the beast like like so like what's it like like
not being like on the air so like you can't keep the beast in the cage forever
and the boys started calling me the beast. Oh, fuck. That is so good.
Oh, my God.
This fucking rookie calling himself the beast.
I got to ask about the meditation you do,
you know, probably 10, 15 feet in front of the net
that you said is from Star Wars, Qui-Gon.
When did that start?
Did you start doing that?
Is it like a mind wipe, a visualization?
What are you doing when you're sitting there
and kneeling there like that?
R.A., I was trying to get you to do that before the putt
and the sandbagger.
It's to calm you down.
I don't know if I would have got back up.
I started doing that at World Juniors.
I never had a TV timeout before,
so I just didn't know what to do.
I tried going to the bench, drink some water.
Like I know a lot of guys do that.
That wasn't really for me.
So I just kind of found that spot on the ice and, you know,
I felt comfortable and I just kind of took a second to kind of close my eyes,
just like detach from the situation I'm in, take a few breaths
and kind of just come back to where I was.
And it just gave some perspective, just like focusing on my breath gave me an opportunity kind of just like calm my body and my mind so that
i could focus better during the play and you know during world juniors also i think i was in
quarantine for like a month um trying to just get back into camp like coming from the states i had
to quarantine and then the day i I had to quarantine. And then
the day I got out of quarantine, five guys test positive for COVID and I still haven't met anyone.
So I get thrown back into quarantine. So it's like a month of quarantine I was doing.
So I was like, how, like, how can I get better without being on the ice? So that's when I started
kind of focusing on my mind and the meditation and kind of just like being in touch with,
with that part of the game which is a huge
part and you know it's I still I still develop it and like hold it with me so that's that's kind of
where it started around the world junior time and so yeah I guess the the Qui-Gon reference so
you know my dad came up to me after he's like hey you know like like Qui-Gon like that you look
exactly like Qui-Gon when you do that and And like, maybe I did that because I watched the movie so many times, maybe not. It was subconscious. I
don't know, but, um, it kinda, it kinda worked. So I just kept rolling with it. Um, and yeah,
it kind of spiritual Star Wars, if you put it. Qui-Gons and the newer ones in our,
have you seen those ones? Yeah, I've, I've seen them all. I've seen them all. I wanted to ask,
did your dad, I know he showed you all the movies.
Did he show you the original trilogy first,
or did you see the prequels first?
I saw the prequels first.
Yeah.
Now, for a non-Star Wars guy, I've never seen them,
but would I want to watch, because they're prequels,
actually those first?
The OG3 ones are just so much better than anything that i won't even i won't even i
know but then i feel like you're saving them like you're seeing what happened before and then you're
going to the og3 and that's actually like the correct time frame oh oh yeah what do you think
i mean i like i grew up like i watched like the the the prequel first and then i watched the original three
there's like like it kind of sucked going back to like like shitty bad quality lightsaber fights
because like you fucking kids yeah i'm uh i'm definitely a little younger than you guys but
um i liked uh i liked watching how Anakin became Darth Vader.
Seeing that happen, it was kind of like a plot twist.
That was sick growing up.
And then I rewatched them in 4, 5, 6, 1, 2, 3,
and you get the benefits of both.
Are you aware of the deal?
I know you're savvy with the contracts.
Are you aware of the deal? I know you're savvy with the contracts. Are you aware of the deal that George Lucas signed with Star Wars in order to
wasn't it Trunk Phan who was telling us the breakdown of this?
Yeah.
All right.
Do you remember the exact numbers of what he ended up getting on merch?
You should have worked on a merch deal on your contract.
What was it, R.A., that George Lucas
Where were you guys when I was signing my contract?
Somewhere in the Billions biz.
Yeah, he basically, you know, no one knew Stowell was going to be a hit.
So he licensed all the merchandise to himself.
Yeah, whatever guy.
And he sold like billions of dollars.
Well, he took a 300,000 hit making the movie to get them to agree to have him own all the merch.
So he was just thinking ahead.
He saw light years ahead.
There you go.
A little,
a little pundit for you.
Have you watched any of the shows?
Yeah,
I watched the shows.
It's fun.
It's funny though.
Cause like I'm a star Wars fan.
Like I,
I feel like people think that like,
like,
because like I've been asked this so many times that like,
I go back home,
put my star Wars PJs on,
like close the lights and watch star Wars until three,
three AM. But yeah, it's just funny. Like, Like I go back home, put my Star Wars PJs on, like close the lights and watch Star Wars until 3 a.m.
But yeah, just funny.
Like I definitely love the movies, but like I've been watching some of the TV shows.
I liked Obi-Wan a lot.
I'm in the middle of Ahsoka.
I like Mandalorian also a lot.
Those were great seasons, too.
So it's not true that you make your girl call you Anakin in bed?
I don't know.
It depends.
That must be another rumor.
They don't sleep together.
He's at the rink.
Actually, you are at the rink a lot.
I'm at the rink right now. In the summer when you're not training, what are your hobbies? Hanging out at the rink a lot but in the summer when you're not training like
what are your hobbies hanging out the rink i'm at the rink right now that's all i do
no uh i like playing tennis um i like uh i like playing piano also um i don't know how to read
piano i just kind of watch youtube and like remember what keys to hit and then just kind
of hit those keys and i remember how to play some songs um shit huh when did you start playing piano uh my dad actually started
like I came home one day um like my whole family got home like I me and my brother got home from
school my mom picked us up and I walk in and my dad's playing the piano like what the hell is
going on like when did you learn how to play the piano like we had a piano in our
house for like 10 years and no one's touched it and he just starts playing like this crazy song
and he's like yeah i've been practicing when you're at school um and like he learned like
that like just from like youtube like the the keys come down and like you could see which keys to hit
so he has no clue how to like we're phony we don't actually like know
how to read piano but like when he did that i was like oh i'm gonna do that now so i just learned
how to play so how long would it take you to memorize a song uh at first it took a little
bit but now i could probably learn a song in like less than an hour like just play around just by
memorizing do you like but no modern songs or like yeah old classics like Tchaikovsky and shit?
No, more like modern songs, like songs that people know.
So I could whip out the piano maybe one day and play it for some people to sing along to.
Yeah, normally you get guitar guys on the team.
He's whipping out the piano as a party trick.
Hey, can you sing too?
Do you sometimes start singing along?
No, I can't sing too do you sometimes start singing along no no i can't sing
okay all right i know our producer mikey grinnell you want to chime in with a question g yeah devon
uh so a former teammate told me i had to ask about uh finger fingernail scandal at northeastern you
got to tell that story i guess it's uh there was a big investigation and and what happened there
yeah that was funny so one day i was i was just stretching in the locker room like i don't
remember why i wasn't on the ice maybe i was i think it was like quarantine like lockdown or
something um so i was at the rink like couldn't be with the boys um so i was just like stretching
in the locker room and i was just like like stretching on the carpet and I just I had I hadn't cut my my nails in so
long so I was just like in like in like a pose and I was just like picking them off I put them
in a little pile so I could throw them out and anyways I forgot to throw them out when I left
the room and I'm leaving the room and like one of my teams is like, whose fingernails are these? Are these yours? I was like, no.
And then I was like, shit.
Like I just said no.
How do I recover from this?
And then anyways, I made it into like this game.
Like it was actually really fun in the locker room.
Like I wrote like a letter on the board and I'm like,
give three guesses to figure out who this is.
And like,
try like you guys,
you got,
you got to figure it out.
And,
and like,
if you get me,
like I'll say who I am.
And it created chaos in the room.
Like it was like a whole,
a whole big game of like mafia.
I don't know if you've ever played mafia,
but I loved that game growing up.
And I kind of made like,
we have like prime suspects on the board. Like we have people circled. played mafia but i loved that game growing up and i kind of made like chaos of the lottery like
we have like prime suspects on the board like we people circled
like everyone's going back and forth like trying to figure out it was so funny i ended up telling
them that it was me that orchestrated the whole thing that is so ridiculous a murder mystery over
the fucking fingernails.
Was there one guy who was just taking so much flack?
It's like, fuck you.
There was one guy that was getting roasted.
And he's like, I swear it's not me.
It's not me.
Everyone ganged up on him.
And it wasn't him.
It was so funny. Oh, that is so good.
I was like, are you sure?
I saw you yesterday.
I come in the rink earlier.
And he's like, no, it wasn't me.
It was funny. Fuck, that'd be funny if you could stir something up in the sabers locker room kind
of like that murder mystery style uh yeah i don't know if i could do that yet but i could i'll
definitely get around to it what do you mean didn't didn't flurry come in swinging didn't
mark andre flurry come in swinging wit with the pranks? I wasn't with him his rookie year.
Because remember, his rookie year was actually before the lockout canceled season.
So I can't say.
But when I got there, yeah, he was already torturing everyone.
He was torturing my dad on dad's trip.
Were you a prankster too on top of that?
A little bit.
Sometimes try pranking the boys. But we got pranksters on this team like i think a few days ago like i left the left the
rink um like i'm i'm just opening my bag like trying to get like like something out of it
and it's like i have 200 sharpies exploding out of my bag like someone just stuffed all the sharpies
in the locker room and just stuffed them in my bag it's like how the hell did these get here um so yeah we definitely got some practice
for sure that's a lot more innocent than uh some old school ones who do we have on who said it was
in vancouver where they the guy got a brand new like five series bmw and the guy's got his keys
and they put his sunroof and they filled up his whole car
with like buttered popcorn i saw that on youtube yeah that was okay it's on there yeah yeah i think
it was last year that's so funny man i saw that i was dying oh this this was an old old school guy
talking about these guys are still doing that shit god that's that's ruthless maybe maybe they
recycled it i think it was min. I'm not sure, though.
Okay. Who's the loudest
guy in the Sabres room?
The loudest.
Just always yapping, always
talking. Benson?
No, not
Betty. Eric Conrey has a lot
of stories. He's always talking about something.
Another note we heard. Big Spider-Man fan,
but have they overdone it with Spider-Man? They have
three or four different versions of it already. Where do you
stand on that? Oh, I love all of them.
I love all the movies that they make. I'm a big
Spider-Man guy. I've been watching that since
a young kid, since I was young, but
I think
I don't know. I feel like it just
meshes with who I am. Those movies are so good, I think,, like, just like, I don't know. I feel like it just meshes like with, with like who I am.
Like, just like those movies are so good.
I think cause they're like doubt me movies.
And I love that stuff.
Like when the main characters doubted, like the most like unlikely person to like save
these people and like save the day.
It's like Peter Parker, like this nerd.
And it's just fun.
It just like, it like fires me up.
Like fucking right.
So this guy's not supposed to like be that, be the guy, but he is, you know like, it like fires me up. Like fucking right. So this guy's not supposed to like be that,
be the guy,
but he is,
you know,
and it just fires me up.
I love watching movies like that.
And you went to the whole Marvel thing altogether or more specifically just
Spidey.
Yeah.
Spider-Man is my favorite,
but I love all the movies.
All the Marvel movies are really good.
I'm a big fan of them.
Sorry,
boys.
You can chime in with something no no you're good no no
i love this i love that chatter it's a little weird sometimes um you you mentioned luongo already
uh you grew up idolizing cary price though have you ever had a chance to talk with him and hang
out with him and pick his brain yeah so i met him um when i was also really young there's there's a picture of me um and him and pk suban um i met him
uh probably i was i was 11 or 12 years old just became a goalie um so that was really cool
especially growing up in montreal you know idolizing him going to see his games um and so
um it was it was funny because my girlfriend like two uh two years ago i want to say no last year last
year she was she was at like the toronto raptors game at the bell center and um like her her she
like got gifted like these tickets she was like sitting right in front and carrie price like is
right next to her um and she was like like dev like you want me to give him uh give uh give him no give him
the phone like you want to say hi to him on facetime i was like yeah i'd love to and um so
my girlfriend facetimes me and then hands hands him over the phone and he's she's like hey this
is devin levi um you want to talk to him and then then he's like, oh, I know. Yeah, I know who Devin Levi is. Give me the phone. And so he's just like, hey, man, like, how are you doing? I was like, I'm doing well. How about you? How are you feeling? Like, how's your knee? And, you know, we just had a quick conversation and just wish them the best. And that was really cool to be able to talk with him. And I think, uh, I guess a couple months later, like when, when I started with the Sabres,
he sent me a really nice text, like, uh, like, like two paragraphs,
just saying like, just giving me some advice. Um,
just saying like tell me to enjoy the process every single day. Um, you know,
he says he wishes, he wishes he was just starting out also.
So he's excited to follow. So was really cool like full circle moment um
great guy just reaching out to me like that and you know giving me his support that's incredible
do you have like a uh are you a superstitious guy or would you more kind of call it a routine like
in terms of night before games uh after pre-game nap things like that is there anything you're
always doing constantly before games more of a routine i I would say if I can't get my routine in, it's not like, oh, my God,
I'm going to play school today.
It's more of a routine.
I just really enjoy it, and I think it helps me with consistency.
If I'm doing the same stuff that I know works, I get consistent results.
So I think I started started figuring that out
kind of when I was playing in the CCHL in Carlton Place like um you know it was it was low scouted
league like not many scouts there like uh like no one really gets drafted out of that league
um so I was kind of like this is a great opportunity for me to just like improve and
get better every day so I I felt like I felt like I was a scientist in a laboratory, just trying to make this potion, something that works, figuring out what's going to work for me, what's going to make me the best.
I wasn't doing school at the time that year.
I was living in a billet house.
It was in Carltonton place which is in the
middle of nowhere no nothing else to do so it's like let's just be all hockey this year and just
see how good i could get um and i was like i was dialed like i was probably a little bit too dialed
like it's probably going crazy a little bit looking back but um it worked like i got way
better that year and that's kind of when i realized like i could play in the nhl like i got way better that year and that's kind of when i realized like i could play in the nhl like i got if i keep going like i could do this i could prove people around so um that was a big
year for me you know it's like everyone's always looking to like chase the highest level but for me
it was at like one of the lower levels that i realized like my my potential um so that that's
kind of just why like i think it's not always good to chase the
next level.
Just be where you are and you can learn a lot.
And Carl already gave me a potion once I haven't been able to walk straight since.
So I should go slower to it.
Um, Hey, so on, uh, on your mask, you have the may, may the force be with you, obviously,
because your star Wars connection, are you a big time, uh, uh, gear junkie?
Like, do you love all the gear yeah i do uh i like i love the helmets like just like designing my own
helmets like finding new creative ways like just to make it personal and putting like cool touches
on it i love doing that um i love like growing up like i'd always like want to get the gear that
like carrie price has i remember when i was young i had a dream about like being like in like mark andre flurry's like all gold gear or his full
yellow setup um so yeah i just always loved gold gear like definitely definitely it's so fun
customizing it like now with like ccm and like you could you could you have a plain sheet like
you could put whatever you want on it and and they could digitally print it on the pad.
So it was just fun customizing pads, something a little different every year.
You mentioned Mafia a little while ago.
Are you a member of Bill's Mafia up there now that you're in Buffalo?
I am.
I purchased my hat.
Do you go to a lot of games?
I've been to two.
We went to New York to watch the Jets versus the Bills at the beginning of the year, some team bonding.
And then we went to watch a Bills game also a few weeks ago.
So it's great.
Is that when they put the Maple Leafs on the field and you guys were in the nose?
Yeah, we got the pity invite that week because they had the Maple Leafs on the field.
got the pity invite that that week because because they had the maple leafs on the field i think cuz uh cousins put like a comment uh like on instagram like with an emoji and like it blew up so i think
we got i we got the pity invite next week actually cousins um clip came out today pissed off at the
end of that philly game uh ends up fighting hathaway and kind of mentioned like yeah i was
a little out of my weight class.
He missed two games, right?
Did he have anything to say in the locker room
after? I don't know, but
I kind of love that out of him. It fires
me up. You're going to win something, you're going to
lose something.
It fired up the boys. That's
awesome. He's willing to take
punches to the face
like that. You got to like that like you gotta you
gotta love that like that shows some character so um you know like he has a bruised face like i think
it's sick you know i love it you ever been in a goalie scrap no i've never i've never been um you
know if if if my time was called upon i would though if i needed to defend the boys then i'd
do it in a heartbeat for sure is that
part of your training in the summer have you ever like done any jiu-jitsu or wrestled around
i i did karate when i was younger actually i was a white belt right i i got three rapid fight ones
i gotta ask the star wars ones real quick favorite episode um i'd say uh revenge of the set okay favorite character um anakin dart theater okay
oh yeah got his kind of two of them and uh best lightsaber fight we mentioned lightsaber fights
uh yeah i think it's for sure the one where anakin faces obi-wan um where anakin kind of
turns into dart theater in that scene where Obi-Wan slices him in half.
There you go.
All right.
I kind of expected that.
You're a youngster.
And it's episode three, I think, is Revenge of the Sith.
Episode three. The only thing we didn't really ask you about was the Olympics, the 2022 Olympics.
You ended up going over there.
That's like the whole quarantine process you had to go through, like the crazy one.
But what was your time like over there?
Did you have fun? Did you get to embrace the culture at all man it was unbelievable like it it was it was
pretty like it wasn't even that bad because it wasn't locked down that bad once you got into it
like you just couldn't leave but once you're inside like the olympic bubble like you're free
to do whatever you want um so i like I had like I had the time
my life there like the boys were unbelievable like some of the veteran guys on that team like
I'd never been on a team with like players that are like almost twice my age um so like I didn't
know how I was gonna go like these guys are like my dad's age almost but they were like they were
they were amazing like i had like the time
my life with them like i we were just like it was just like we're like kids in disneyland you know
like we have a whole village to ourselves um and it was just it was like it was just unbelievable
so fun like the guys were were unbelievable them them too that's when i brought my vr there
and we had like a team party like at the end and like guys guys are like
having beers putting the VR on like trying it out like we all it was fun it's weird to hear that
you were kind of like uh you never had that experience because your former coach Jason
Clark described uh you as the only way I could describe Devin Levi is he's married, 35 years old and has
two kids except he's 19 years old. So you're, I don't know what he means by that, but you seem
like an old soul compared to that comment. Yeah, that's funny. Maybe, I don't know. That's a funny
comment maybe because, you know, I, I was pretty dialed in, um guess compared to my teammates, a different approach to the game at my age, I guess.
Okay, that's fair.
But yeah, it was just a great time.
I had a blast with them.
Also, every time I play for Team Canada, it's so fun.
World Juniors was one of the best experiences of my life.
Being able to play in that tournament, watching it growing up, you know,
getting invited as the fifth goalie.
And like, who knows like what this guy's got,
you know, let's see what he's got.
They kind of just gave me an opportunity.
I ran with it.
Even though it was locked down, not a lot of fans,
like it was, we still made like the most out of it.
It was so fun.
And, you know, playing,
being with the guys at world championships like
even this summer um super super fun like to to be able to be with like a like an nhl team and
you know i hadn't really been to europe much um and you know it was cool playing with like some
of those some of those guys like luci um actually i have a funny story about that um about lucci oh god here we go so we uh we we were
on not nothing crazy nothing crazy but he's like can you chug a beer on vr
we're leaving uh we're leaving the rink like this is kind of when i learned like like like i said
before like i'm still learning the ropes as a rookie, like this kind of like one of my learning
experiences. So I'm, I'm rolling out of the rink at like, like two 59 for like a three o'clock bus.
And you know, the bus is just right out front. Like, I'm just walking in, like, what's up boys.
Like I just walk in, like no seats available. Everyone's on the bus already. I'm the last one
on the bus. And so I was like, okay, like I'll walk to the back and available. Everyone's on the bus. I already am the last one on the bus.
And so I was like, okay, like I'll walk to the back and like I'm walking.
I'm like, hey, Looch, like you will move over.
And like he's the last one, like last row.
And like Looch is like, let me hop in there.
And he moves over and I'm sitting in the back of the bus with Looch.
Like just walking in like a 40-year-old vet.
Like I didn't know that at the time, like the bus rules.
And like you got to get there early and you got to sit in the front as a rookie uh but it was just funny i definitely ate some trips for that that's all he wasn't mad at all though right now on the
who right now on the sabers when you guys are doing like shootout practice just has your number
or you're like oh fuck like i can't figure this guy out yet um you know there's
a lot of good players i think i have their numbers but no um tage tage is really good um he's a great
shootout player like super long stick actually he doesn't even have that long of a stick but his
reach is still long because he's so big um you know there's there's a lot of guys that are good
like some guys like like the thing is with like this level, like guys are finding new ways to kind of like put the puck in the net. Like growing up, it's kind of just like guys look at NHL players to like find new moves. So like you kind of see those moves around, but now it's like, like these guys are able to like kind of create on the spot, which is pretty cool. Um, so, you know, there's some, we got some, some good shootout players on the team which is pretty cool um so you know there's some we got some some good
shootout players on the team um but yeah you're uh so you're a space cadet who's the vet who's
keeping you in line who's always like yo hey space cadet nah nah nah this way eric johnson's been
great he's been awesome like okay he's a new addition to the team and he fits in perfectly
we're we're stall mates in the locker room and in the dry stall area,
so he's stuck with me.
He has a little piece of tape between our stalls so that I don't crash.
Keep your shit on your side, buddy.
Get the fuck out of my stall, rookie.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm in his grill all the time just for chirping each other,
having a good time.
So he's been great.
Like he's been helping out and just like feeding me some chirps,
feeding it back to him.
It's been great.
Has he convinced you to get a sauna yet?
Yeah, he just got his sauna actually.
He has like this hat, sailor hat he's got inside.
Yeah, he's awesome.
He's super big on the sauna.
He got all the boys dialed in on it now
like i think like a few more guys got saunas and the big team kevin adams was telling he said he
was telling who was it uh doleen and like the next day doleen had a uh you know twenty thousand
dollar sauna delivered we thought maybe he was the one like selling them and getting commission
or something actually ej named one of his horses
pink whitney he's a horse guy right i didn't know that oh yeah yeah he sent he sent me a picture it
was it was in a race uh somewhat recently like during training camp so hopefully that thing goes
on a run oh i didn't know that i think i've heard him talk about that maybe but maybe i didn't pick
up on it that's pretty cool do you know do you know what pink whitney is no i have no idea oh you have so he named one of his horses after our after our
drink did he tell you he's gonna do that wit no he just sent me a picture of look at my new horse
pink whitney he's the best dude he, so he's, I think EJ's
five years younger than me.
And so we never
played together
until Olympics
in Vancouver.
And he was like
torturing me.
He's like,
hey, do you have a thong on?
You got to ask him the story.
And I'm like,
what do you mean?
And like,
he's younger than me,
just owning me the whole term.
He's like,
dude, are you wearing a thong?
And I don't even think
he knew what he was doing,
but it was fucking
with me so bad. I'm like, what is this guy talking about? But he's like dude are you wearing a thong and i don't even think he knew what he was doing but it was fucking with me so bad i'm like what is this guy talking about but he's he's an interesting
cat i've always he never told you why he kept asking if you were wearing a thong no i think
he's like i said it joking around and you your mind was in such a pretzel that i just like kept
torturing you with it like jack like you open your pants see if you had a thong on yeah i was like
shit did i wear my thong today?
That's crazy, actually.
Did he put that tape down because he heard you weren't exactly Mr. Tidy
when you were at Northeastern?
Yeah, you got a rep for being messy.
Do I?
That's funny.
Yeah, I'm not the cleanest.
Definitely not the cleanest.
You should have seen my college room, my college dorm, my first year.
Oh, man.
I did not know how to do laundry or anything.
There was clothes all over.
Me and my roommate, we were both disasters.
So it wasn't pretty.
Are you the guy who's got like 15 plastic bottles in the passenger where the feet are?
No, actually.
I'm not that guy.
I just got my first car, though.
So I haven't
got that opportunity um would you buy so i actually didn't buy like the dealership here
kind of just one of the dealerships i forget their name but they uh they kind of they just
gave it to me um to drive for the year which was pretty cool they gave me uh it was sick like
blacked out um grand wagoneer which is all those are nice oh yeah hey they're gonna take it
away though you don't even know their name yeah yeah i was i was gonna say you want to like plug
the name here or do you not remember i don't remember it's like you know what you should
have to do now one of those like old school car commercials like it was filmed for a vhs
you should have to do that
for him because you forgot the name of the place yeah i should do it like you're gonna have a bug
you're gonna have a little sabers logo bug driving around after you're doing public transportation
like willie d lander yeah did you have to do dorms for all three years or did you live off
campus when you were here yeah we did dorms all three years it was kind of uh just like unwritten rule like just i guess not
even unwritten just our coach wanted us to be on campus i loved it like it was we're all living
together like anyways we're all roommates and we're all in like buildings like either in the
same building or right next to each other so we all got to hang out anyways and it was just easy
to be next to the rink too like we all had scooters so like no one had to drive we had like electric
scooters and so like if you know if you see someone like like like like humming around on a
scooter like down huntington avenue you know it's like one of the hockey players or one of the
athletes i think like uh some of the guys would like tail cars like on the street just like
buzz to the rink like i'm on the sidewalk because i don't want to die but some of the boys are like
holding out the cars like just getting trailed out to the rink yeah dangerous city to do that
and was connor larkin still open when you were over there the bar is what connor larkins the
bar that's on huntington i don't know maybe it was closed by the time you were there it's about
right next to the schools i've never heard of it so i i don't think it was closed by the time you were there. It's right next to the schools.
I've never heard of it, so I don't think it was.
Where did they give you the, what is it,
the throw you up in the air, have to you on the beanpole?
What joint was that in?
That was in Two Saints.
It's a local bar on campus.
They're great.
But, yeah, that was a fun night. That was just winning that thing
was unbelievable. Wait, you won it,
right? Yeah, I won it two of
the three years. Lost in
overtime in my junior year.
But it was funny because
Northeastern, what was it? Was it 30
years they didn't win one? It was a long
time. And then I think
they ripped off. I think Ryan
Shea might have won four in a row
if not three in a row and then and then did you win both freshman and sophomore year so i was at
the olympics for my first one so we we ended up losing to bu that year and then i wanted we won
my next year though when i was there um it was funny, though. Playing in BU at Aganis, like, the next time, like, the last year when I played BU,
like, the poster that they had was really funny.
They had a poster up, and it was, like, who you want to be versus who you are,
like, what you wish you looked like versus what you actually look like.
And it was a picture of BU's goalie the year before,
Duplessis, like, holding the beanpot.
And then right next to it was, like, a picture of my brother that they must have, like, searched, like, two hours
on the internet to find this picture.
I have no idea how they found it.
It was the worst picture ever.
It was hilarious.
They just had his face, like, right up against the glass on this poster um i got a good kick out of
it and i ended up getting a shutout that day so i don't think it worked but it was it was it was it
was funny all the posters like those posters that they had like at college games like they're they're
the best that was like one of the best colleges i remember there was this one one rink. I think it was UNH.
They brought like a whiteboard.
So like a giant whiteboard.
So every time like I turned around, they had like something different written on it.
So like like one point, like after I got out of my meditation, like I opened my eyes and it's like namaste.
Like they're they're they're just right.
One of them was they I remember they raised that and then wrote like you're a're they're just writing one of them was well they i remember they raced that and
then wrote like you're a fucking pepper or something because i'm french well i'm not
actually french but that that's the thing like when i'm in quebec like i'm a minority because
i'm considered english like i'm english speaking like i don't speak like french that well so like
i'm english speaking and then i leave quebec and'm considered a pepper, but I'm English. Like I'm a minority wherever I go. The worst is if I go to
France, if someone from Quebec goes to France and I, you start speaking French to them, they answer
you in English. Like as if like, you're not speaking the same language, like speaking the
same language. My dad was born in France. He can't even talk French in France. Like so stupid.
Yeah. They, uh, I've in France. It's so stupid.
I've heard the French are a little rude. I've never been there.
The French are assholes,
Lloyd.
Hockey's championship
game my sophomore year.
Kid from UNH throws it to the net,
hits my stick, goes shelf and OT.
The next year,
they win. They're going going nuts i put it in my
own net and go back for my first game at unh junior year and there's like five people wearing
unh whitney jerseys in the front row of the winterboard center i always get a kick out of
that yeah the call the college hockey fan bases are great like they're just they think of funny
chirps they're always kind of the band the band is what makes it so special, I think.
Yeah, the band's awesome.
Well, dude, I don't know.
You have anything else for him, R.A.?
I think I've got enough Star Wars questions out of the way today.
No, I've got everything pretty much done.
You got any questions for us?
I do not.
No.
That's not your job
sometimes sometimes at the end i just ask in case you got one you know just try to be polite
try it sometime as i remember watching like it might have been a few years ago you're at like
a dinner table or something with some other athletes i think like oh on sports net yeah bianca andrescu
might have been there was all these unreal athletes and then they had me there yeah
that was so funny i had to watch that oh yeah we were being we were being silly we were being
who is the who is the big basketball player ibaka was it serge ibaka yeah Ibaka? Serge Ibaka. Yeah. Yeah, that was a good time.
What the hell were you doing there?
Buddy, I don't know.
No clue.
Were they getting awards?
No, it was just like this.
They just wanted to have like a silly conversation as part of like a content piece
that they were going to put on Sportsnet.
So they put all these random people together.
And somehow I got the invite.
I actually think that somebody dropped out last minute and I got the call so i hey they called in the backup goalie but yeah no i appreciate
that buddy do you uh do you uh watch all of our sandbaggers or any of our stuff yeah i i try to
watch when i can i'm a fan i love it you guys are awesome do you play golf a little bit i i just started getting into
it this summer i'm not good at all but like all the boys all the boys are playing so i i try i
took some lessons this summer got i actually don't have a set of clubs yet i gotta order them
um but i've been using that's probably why i suck i've been using different clubs every time i go
well if you practice them if youtube can teach you how to play the piano,
it'll be the exact opposite for golf
because there's 4 million videos that all say the exact opposite thing,
so maybe that won't work for you.
But I think the new clubs would get you going.
Yeah, it might help a little bit.
Anytime your captain gets lippy,
just remind him who took him down in the sandbagger.
Hit him where it hurts.
I will. Let him know.
Hey, keep ripping it up, buddy.
Have a great rookie year. It's a blast
talking to you. Hell of a guy.
We're going to really look forward to watching
your career these next years
down the line. So thanks a lot for coming on.
The beast.
Beast. May the force be with you.
Always. Thanks, guys.
Appreciate it.
Thanks for having me.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our longtime friends at Men's League Sweaters.
Listen up, all you Bear League players.
You know them.
We love them.
Men's League Sweaters.
Design custom jerseys online and get your order in three weeks.
Guys, this is the crew that takes care of the Chicklets Cup jerseys.
Unreal stuff.
If you want your own, you got your Bay League team, boom.
Make up your own design.
The shirts are awesome.
I got a bunch of them from Chicklets Cups and whatever over the years.
We've been rocking the Men's League sweaters for years.
Gee, right?
So it's actually funny, R.A.
So when we were in California last week, the same guy that gave Biz that Leafs shirt, he presented me a jersey, a men's league sweater jersey.
It was the traffic cones and he had my name on the back, but it was an unreal orange jersey designed up all custom.
And, you know, our friends at men's league sweaters do it the best.
Absolutely. We've been rocking men's league sweaters for years.
And here's another sick deal for you free matching socks free custom logos and
buy one set of jerseys get the second 20 off that's a thousand dollars off an average order
visit mensleagsweaters.com slash chicklets to claim your discount hurry offer ends soon again
that's mensleagsweaters.com slash chicklets to claim your discount. Big thanks to Devin for jumping on us.
What a very interesting kid he is.
Just like he's a little different outside the box, but in a good way.
Yeah, I'm a big fan.
I hope he has a hell of a career.
Yeah, he's a pretty happy kid, man.
Just like smiling the whole time.
What a great head on his shoulder.
Just his perspective on life and how mentally strong he is.
That's the future of the Buffalo Sabres right there, folks.
Fucking right.
Biz, there could be OT changes ahead down the line.
GMs and league ops had a meeting recently,
and they brought up the fact that offensive reboots
are kind of killing the 303 overtime.
They're going to discuss ways or possible ways
to maybe do something different.
Billy Guerin, Ronnie Francis, Doug Armstrong,
among those who want to take a look at possible tweaks.
Longo OT is a non-starter at all.
The union's not going to want to do anything with that.
But what do you think, Biz?
What should they do?
So to go back, I think the easy answer for everybody
who's watched three-on-three overtime,
watches the five minutes and says,
I don't want to watch a shootout now.
I want to watch five more minutes of that amazing three-on-three.
Now, the one criticism people do have with the three-on-three
is sometimes it can get a little bit boring
because the guys will start, quote-unquote, ragging the puck.
They're in the offensive zone.
They're trying to penetrate the middle,
trying to penetrate that house area,
trying to penetrate that box.
Get right in there, Hideki no Nomo, tie the foreskin up.
But they don't like their look,
so what they do is they bring the puck back outside the blue line,
kill some time, maybe get a line change and some fresh bodies
to go back at that team three-on-three.
And that obviously kills a lot of the momentum
and fast-paced three-on-three play.
Here is my proposition for three-on-three overtime.
And somebody might have already came up with it.
Somebody might have already said it on the podcast before.
But what they need to implement if they're keeping the five-minute three-on-three
is they need to go to ball hockey rules.
So the minute the offensive zone enters over the blue line,
on side obviously, you can then take the puck all the way back to
center ice and still be considered in the quote unquote offensive zone. But the minute that one
of those offensive players in order to either get out of trouble or get his guys some, you know,
some fresh, get some fresh line mates. If he brings that puck back over center ice you're you're you get a
penalty so basically like the nba it's like an over and back rule and people would say well
well you know what's that going to do well it's going to create obviously a bigger offensive zone
in which guys can create more speed and momentum to end up throwing pucks into space to then skate into wait so you're saying because like like a like a
mcdavid would be able to generate more speed in the overall offensive zone now in order to try to
beat his guy one-on-one and or he could be going to like with speed to an area in which leon can
throw it there took for him to pick pick up that speed and then go into whatever area he
wants with more speed people might be listening to saying that's a dumb idea but i just like the
idea of a bigger offensive zone so oh so they don't have to leave the offensive zone are you
saying that i'm just a little confused you're saying like there's no offside once you enter
the zone and one guy leaves with it once once you off enter the blue line like normal the offensive zone is the red line it
then now opens it up to the red line but you can't come back over the red line yourself with the puck
if you accidentally uh try to pass to a guy and it goes back across a red line obviously that's
discrepancy and the ref can tell that he was trying to make a play
but if you bring it yourself over the red line to avoid check because think about it guys are
you'll then get jammed up at the red line like let's say you get pushed out from good defensive
play to close to the red line all of a sudden you have to try to make a play and or dump it in
and and to try to save yourself you can't then bring it back across
a red cause you're jammed up. Whereas now if you got jammed up, guys would just skate it out of the
zone and rag the puck, so to speak. So it completely avoids that happening. And it gives
more room for the offensive team to work or work itself out. And to me, I'd rather see a game and
five or three on three overtime than in a
shootout and i think that doing that would create more more uh games ending with a goal am i you
guys think i'm crazy or do you like the rule change i think you're crazy and the rule change
will work so okay well there you go they gotta do something what else are you gonna do um they
proposed half well you said ball they said half ice what do you mean
what are you gonna put both nets at yeah it's a joke that's the dumbest idea i've ever heard
dumbest thing ever i mean when you said ball hockey i thought you were gonna say they actually
chuck a ball like no like a street hockey no no my like ball out there okay um i i don't hate it
it's original it's original because the worst part right now of three on three over the rushes are
incredible.
But when it's three on three in the zone, guys are so such good skaters that it's, they're
just skating around and nothing.
And they also usually protect the house.
They just stay pretty tight where most of the shots are coming from outside areas, unless
you've got the top dogs who caught a line out there tired.
Um, I got another one too too if you guys want to think about
in the meantime you listeners and you guys if you have any other ideas but my buddy texted me this
and i don't know where he got this one i said that you would basically be arguing the same thing and
it has this has to do with um the other night in anaheim they lost the game to one i forget to who but there was a goal that looked like it had gone
in yeah the wraparound yeah the wraparound and so this is the text i got uh he goes hear me out
the line gets painted in the net if the puck gets to the line it's a goal so basically he's saying
if you move the line into to a certain area where the the puck would have
obviously completely crossed the line but he says it's easier to see if the end of the puck touches
the line rather than if the puck fully crossed the line do you think that he's completely full
of shit i feel like it's that laurel versus everything argument or is the dress gold or blue
like it's that laurel versus everything argument or is the dress gold or blue it's one in the same do you think that it would be easier to see if the line was painted inside the net where if the
puck where it's like football where you're just gonna touch the goal line as opposed to just
touch it past the line yeah break the plane it would make it easier to figure out no goals my
only thing on he so he's saying like an all of hockey always have it like that yeah because the situation like
the other night would not have happened he says it's going to be easier to determine it whether
it's a goal or not if you make it the nfl rule just touch the plane with the puck i could buy
that all right i could buy that whereas it's like the reviews are quicker like that that touched the
line as opposed to like is there any space behind the line like all that like there was a goal the other night that uh who scored it it it um oh this is gonna
drive me nuts somebody scored a goal the other night where it was like called no goal was it
jack hughes i don't remember but but they ended up looking and there was enough that when it was a
vancouver game i think i think it was a vancouver game i think it was jt miller's it was jt miller's
but jt miller's where it's like
harder to see like oh my god there's a little white behind the goal line there the puck got
over as opposed to if it touches it it's in i don't hate that biz that was my buddy keith
gillen from well in ontario who thought of that one or he probably he probably heard it at the
rex hotel or trappers where he's hanging out his local watering hole this is the guy my buddy keith
gillen he he'll never admit he was wrong oh really oh yeah keith you know exactly anything blue jays
too he's the biggest fucking blue jays jock sniff in the world he probably till still tell you they
were coached properly in that game oh he's so stubborn i love you though giles uh the game
the other night it was was JT Miller.
It was JT.
Okay.
Yeah, I reached out to a couple of my buddies in the league,
Coop and Newsy, just to see their take on it.
I don't think the coaches are too concerned with it.
Basically, Coop's like, we'll see.
And Newsy said, basically, the team's value possession so much right now,
it's lost a little luster, too.
So they're open to hearing what ideas are, but I don't think they have particularly strong feelings one way or the other i had written
down this question too from uh barry trotz one an article about that ot stuff should teams be able
to pick the penalty shot skater when a penalty is called in other words like a guy gets hauled
down a fourth liner should they be able to put like another guy out there to take the penalty
shot that's fine or the other one in terms of take the power play instead but i i i want to say international had or has that
rule where you can just pick anyone yep yeah i mean i i i think that's not a bad idea i would
feel bad for like the third or fourth line or what do you mean if i got hauled down i'd be like
i would have been like wizard let's go donor you're shooting i wouldn't have wanted to shoot
a breakaway.
Yeah, but that's the difference between you and some other guys.
They want their chance to show their skill off.
And you were just kind of panicked.
I think if the league wants more.
You don't want to be Dennis Weidman falling over on a breakaway.
No, you don't want to.
Or hitting a ref.
Actually, in that same vein, there was someone.
I forget.
Called for.
They touched a glove in the back.
They grabbed the fucking puck on the crease.
Penalty shot called. Who takes the penalty shot? the fucking puck on the crease penalty shot called who takes the penalty shot did is the team i think anybody on the ice okay
all right i wasn't sure i would say i would say you should be able to pick anyone because the
league wants more goals and you're being penalized send your send your best that's how pronger um
got the penalty shot goal in the stanley cup finals against the carolina hurricanes that
happened and pronger was the guy they picked on the ice.
I think maybe it was a fourth line out there for Edmonton.
They went with Prongs.
He scored, too.
Most underrated Stanley Cup, I think.
Oh, it was awesome.
Such a good one.
That was also my first year in the NHL.
Oh, no shit.
I feel like that year playing, I was so much more into it
because I played those teams and stuff.
So I remember we actually lost to Edmonton that year three nothing horkoff hat trick um currently as the three on
three stands if you get a penalty as a team it moves to four on three right yes maybe make it
five on three i was gonna say three on two yeah yeah i wonder they do that because there's not
enough guys out there and it almost makes it too easy to score but if you're trying to to end games in the overtime setting i would much rather do
that than add any type of what about this one in ot one guy um on the defensive team has to wait at
the red line so it's a three on two and then he's also there if you get it to throw him for the
breakaway and then as the defensive players skate, one has to stop at the red line.
So it's always kind of a three on two.
Okay.
Or.
Or.
With a street hockey ball.
Or every player has to eat a 75 milligram edible.
And go to the airport with RA.
And go to the airport and then come back and play OG.
No.
I mean, I'd be interested to hear what your fans who listen to the podcast ideas of
are how to mix up the three-on-three overtime.
And who knows, sometimes some of these Twitter folk can come up with some great ideas.
Yeah, no doubt about that.
Oh, there's some listener out there, whether it's this pod or another pod,
who has the idea on what they should do.
The idea?
Idea.
The idea.
Idea. Do you have a saw saw? Hey, congrats to Jared Beddow on what they should do. The idea. Idea. The idea. Idea.
Do you have a saw saw?
Hey, congrats to Jared Bednow on his 300th win as coach.
He did it in the 12th fewest games ever.
Did it in 550 games.
Even more impressive when you consider how bad they were.
And, yeah, they stuck through them that year where they were horrific.
Absolutely.
Patience was a virtue there.
All right, before we go any farther, here's a few words from our friends at Zinn.
We're all looking for a change in routine, whether it's hitting a new machine at the gym or listening to new music.
So if you're looking to move away from the hassle of traditional tobacco, Zinn nicotine pouches are a simple way to introduce that change in your everyday life.
And get this, they are America's number one nicotine pouch, only the best for our listeners.
And Zinn comes in 10 varieties like Spearmint, Coffee, and Wintergreen.
So you guys have your pick when it comes time to throw in a 3 milligram or a 6 milligram of that satisfaction-packed pouch.
And let me tell you, these pouches deliver that pure nicotine satisfaction no matter what strength or variety you choose.
Zinn nicotine pouches are smoke-free,
spit-free, and hands-free. That works to your advantage on or off the ice. And if you're
curious about what a premium nicotine experience looks like, check out the Zinn 10 Challenge,
a 10-day risk-free trial. Head over to your nearest convenience store or order online at
zinn.com. Warning, this product contains nicotine nicotine is an addictive
chemical all right moving on to the the shitty portion of the program here um i'm sure everybody
heard boston bro and milan lucic uh has taken an indefinite leave of absence from the team after
his arrest over the weekend uh he was charged with assault and bury on a family member uh
apparently his wife uh he's been arraigned the other day listen we
don't you know there's rumors conjecture out there we're gonna wait we don't know what happened
we're not rumor boys yeah we're not like that yeah stuff like that yeah when stuff happened
with evander kane we stayed away from it and and any any type of family situation guys we we avoid
because like i said we weren't there and we just you know we we want the best for for these guys
and their families and uh and we don't know we don't the best for for these guys and their families and uh
and we don't know we don't know what happened brad marsh and said it perfectly i think after the
when the bruins uh when they interviewed him in the locker room after practice just we're
thinking about his family that's all you can really do in a situation that's it that's it
that's all yeah shitty shitty stuff um and in that same vein uh play has been arrested in the
death of adam johnson in
england matt uh petgrave uh was arrested last tuesday on suspicion of manslaughter and the
death of adam johnson released on bail wednesday um basically the detective said we've been carrying
out extensive inquiries to piece together the events which led to the loss of adam in these
unprecedented circumstances we have been speaking to highly specialized experts in their field to
assist in our inquiries and continue to work closely with the health and safety department at sheffield city
council which is supporting our ongoing investigation so i know biz i know you wanted to
chime in a little bit so obviously when this first happened like it's it's hard like it's a tragedy
and and what you know adam johnson's family's going through like i didn't i don't think any
any of us felt comfortable like getting into the weeds on it like a person it was more about just honoring
him honoring him like the amount of amount of trauma not only for his family but teammates the
the the away team like the the fans that saw it the the player hit a mat like but when i originally
watched the video i watched it twice and i watched it basically
through my fingers because i knew it was going to be ugly and you know it was and it was gruesome
and the amount of blood that that came out in the short amount of time then i then i turned it off
and what i thought had happened from watching it quickly was on the back check i thought that matt
had been hit where his right leg had swung around
and and caught adam in the throat and i was like oh that's just you know crazy on the back check
he's probably tired he gets nicked and then his body gets flung around where after conversation
had continued after this via text and with other people and a lot of people in which play hockey they were like no it was a
reckless play and after watching it again it's actually his left leg that comes up in order to
catch a piece of Adam as he's back checking and Adam being the puck carrier Matt being the back
checker and I'll say this in all my years of playing i never threw my leg up like that and
it it was a reckless play and you did mention it quickly on the podcast when we finished recording
and do i think that this person on the back check tried to kick this guy in the throat absolutely
not this is a horrible situation that is ruining tons of lives and i don't think that this person
should spend time in jail because i don't think that he planned on killing this person on the on the ice he made a reckless play that resulted in
this and that this guy is going to have to live with the rest of his life um i don't know how
this plays out guys uh i do probably think that it's best that this guy takes at least the rest
of the year if not a few years if not maybe indefinitely never play hockey again i
don't know what the answer is but clearly that's not something you see every day happen in a hockey
game and you can't be kicking your leg up and as a result and and what ended up happening with i
think that probably a year away from the game is is probably best for just everybody in order for this to kind of calm and cool down because it's just a horrific event yeah i mean just to see a player charged with
manslaughter in a hockey game it's just one of those things where like nothing will will bring
adam back right but i'll say like if that's my son, God forbid, like, I'm looking for something to happen.
And I'm with you.
I don't think I'm ready to say or think that he should go to prison.
But that, and I don't think we'll ever, I've never in my life seen a hockey player do that.
That's what I'll say.
I've never in my life seen a player stick his leg up and and
kick someone he didn't kick him in the neck the the skate rode up but you know you have some drinks
and you get in the car and somebody gets killed like you get charged with manslaughter i'm not
comparing the two i'm saying it was a horrible mistake with a tragic ending. And I don't think he should go to jail.
No, but I kind of understand what ended up coming from this
because that is not a hockey play.
And in saying this, I feel horrible for Matt Petgraves.
I do.
I hope I'm not speaking both sides of my mouth,
but it was a big-time mistake something that, that does not belong.
And I've never seen in hockey.
I would imagine he's had like,
yeah,
I feel bad for him,
man.
Many sleepless nights.
And,
and people are probably saying like,
you're speaking out of both sides of your mouth.
Well,
well,
that's life.
If you think,
if you think it was reckless,
then,
you know,
he should serve,
serve Dale time.
Or it's like,
no,
I think that he over committed on the back check
and try to get a piece with him with his quad and when you're tired sometimes the boot's a little
heavy and it flies up as a result and and i don't think i've ever seen anything like that happen on
an ice surface and the result is catastrophic and and it's like i said many lives are going to be
ruined as a result of this and there's no easy way to talk about it.
I don't think this person should go to jail,
but I also don't think if you make a mistake with a reckless play like that,
that you should be seeing the ice time in pro at a pro level anytime soon.
And that's, that's, that's from, that's from talking to, to, to tens,
if not close to a hundred hockey guys about it just in passing and quickly and
on the phone, via text,
whatever it may be.
So that's pretty much all I got to say on that.
All right.
One other note.
Nottingham retired as number 47 over the last weekend.
So, you know, but not that story.
Now, we're going to wrap up.
Actually, I'm going to call an audible on Grind My Gears.
Gee, I just thought I was going to do one thing,
but I forgot I kind of teased it on Twitter last night.
Grind My Gears brought to you by BigDealBrewing.com
slash finder. And what grinds
my gears this week was this fucking
douchebag at the supermarket last night.
Holy shit. There's a supermarket
at Cambridge Sound.
You do groceries? I was going to say, I can't picture
you in a supermarket.
Because I was going away.
I got to picture you in a 7-Eleven.
That's it. It was right around the block of my house.
No, Thanksgiving this week, obviously.
We're going down my mother's.
So, you know, we're bringing some things.
My wife's making dessert.
What are you making?
Stuffing?
Making a fucking couple of J's for after the dinner.
No, my wife's going to, you know, make dessert and whatever, veggie tray or whatever.
So I told her, like, fucking Wednesday, honey, you're working.
I'll go.
She just likes to go up and down every fucking aisle, even though she doesn't eat anything.
I was like, honey, I'll go. I'll go. Just don't worry about it. That was fucking aisle, even though she doesn't need anything. I was like, I'll go.
I'll go.
Just don't worry about it.
That was Wednesday.
It was like Thursday, Friday.
So I literally had to go last night or she would have.
You were busy, though.
Yeah, you were busy coming down for my fucking 75 milligrams.
So I went over the supermarket.
I look up, open on midnight.
I was like, that's clutch because Sunday night fucking go there.
10, 30, 11.
There's two people in there.
I have my fucking headphones on.
This doopsie donut going up three, up and down the aisles.
I seen a couple of the workers.
Hey, what time do you close at?
12.
Okay.
We locked the door at quarter to 12.
Okay.
Fucking no problem.
Going, getting on my shit.
It's like, all right.
They're like, oh, sure.
It's about 20.
I'm okay.
I'm going to grab one more thing.
And they only had the self-checkout things.
Now there was no more.
I got fucking.
I love those.
Oh, yeah.
No, you got 300
i had a lot of shit and uh it goes oh i'll be right back i just gotta grab one more thing and
i heard like this fucking brush she's like oh yeah one thing shit but like like like sass into
the other girl i was like what the fuck she's talking about so i come back and i was like oh
is any of these open she's like that's the only one open you gotta wait with that she's being like
a total d-bag and you know i could sense it i was like what the fuck's her problem so i started scanning it all
now you have to put everything on that fucking thing with the bags out so i got like tons of
shit it's all falling over and uh she's like she's like it's like 10 or 12 i says listen i says i
asked you people what time what time it closed you said 12 i got in line at fucking quarter 12 like
what do you like what do you want from me and she was just like hawkeyeing me so uh like five i'm five minutes into the thing and she's like uh
did you scan those tomatoes little box of like cherry tomatoes i says yeah i did she goes i don't
know and the guy comes over he's oh i'll check and he fucking punches in the thing he goes nope i
goes you know what pal i'm pretty fucking sure he did why don't you do that again and he pulled it
up and he's like oh he did pay for them and i looked at her i goes yeah these tomatoes yeah
the ones i already fucking scanned.
I'm going to put them right here.
Like I was fucking fuming.
She's yelling.
She's like, oh, she's calling me rude.
I goes, I guess you work a fucking customers all day.
How do you do this to everybody?
She's like, yeah.
I was like this fucking C-bomb.
And like, I want to get her name.
Like I wouldn't never want to get someone fired.
But I was like, I want to fucking call that.
We got spec versus memes and we got RA versus checkout lady.
She had her fucking like arms over her nameplate.
So I couldn't see it, dude.
I mean, you're going to report her, dude.
I fucking, I didn't today.
I had it.
I last day went up to bed.
I'm like, I'm definitely calling.
I'm like, I don't want the, I don't want the death.
No, we have to.
So we have callers coming out pretty soon where we have people call in.
Can we have you call the store and get this thing on recording and hear you complain it's kind of illegal to do that massachusetts unless you got consent but i don't
want to know it's only about getting someone fight it's just about saying this fucking douchebag if
she's going to work at the public she needs to be fucking retrained i mean i worked customer service
retrainer doesn't that could be clipped horribly wrong should we not my my first fucking job was
a grocery store i worked behind counters
customer service tons of jobs you know you fucking don't act like that like she was acting like i was
doing something wrong i'm not fucking giving you my money i'm giving you fucking three hundred
dollars for groceries um it's not even fucking midnight and i was i was fuming i had to fucking
stop on the club door quick shot and a fucking quick beer before i went home i was fucking
shaking i was so fucking angry so fuck that lady she grinded my gears this week bigdalebrewing.com slash finder oh
what a way to end it actually we have one more thing to talk about you don't he doesn't go to
supermarkets so like this no wait this is this trust me what this lady was out of pocket i'm
trying to figure out like what pissed her off so. Probably work in a long day. Who knows what's going on in her personal life.
And I'm not trying to make excuses for her.
But I also know
when you get really like,
you forgot something
and you had to go back. So you were probably
a little schizophrenic like you get sometimes.
Not until she started fighting.
Not until when I said, I gotta get one more thing.
It was 10 feet away. I grabbed fucking Crisco and I heard her say
one thing and then I gotta come back. That's what first set me off. And then when I got lank get one more thing it was 10 feet away grabbed fucking Crisco and I heard her say one thing and then they gotta come back with thing that
that's what like first set me off and then
when I got Lange she was just being fucking
a dude like you know when someone's just being a fucking
Charlie I was like what the fuck like
it's fucking I got Lange
maybe she was flirting with you
though you know sometimes
they're meaner to the guys they want
that's how a lot of the videos I jerk off to start up
she was brutal hey now i i would love to pay
for money to get the surveillance tape to show that he's actually checking out 15 minutes after
they were closed that's probably what was actually happening and he was probably scratching his corn
hole as he's touching the monitor with his fucking poop failure you gotta buy the tomatoes now yeah
give them all fucking pink,
stink eye,
pink eye,
whatever the fuck it is.
Actually,
I know I actually,
I never fucking,
you guys around me a bunch.
I never snap it.
The help cut like,
no,
you never do.
I'm going to do it.
I did all those jobs.
I know what they're like.
I was a fucking store 24 with jobs.
What's seven 11 now?
The one in the Navy yard,
the one on main street there.
And I was,
I don't get in fucking toss ginger ale. My wife, I was standing-Eleven now. The one in the Navy Yard? The one on Main Street, yeah. And I was, I don't know, getting fucking ginger ale from my wife.
And I was standing there looking at snacks.
And the guy's like, behind the counter, he's like, can I help you?
Oh, I was taking a picture of fucking, oh, it was the Pepperidge Farm.
Remember we said we should get Pepperidge Farm?
Did she have a sore tummy?
Is that why you were getting ginger ale?
No, she's just a ginger ale addict.
She likes the ginger ale, okay.
So I was taking a picture.
The guy's like, you all set?
I'm like, yeah, buddy.
I'm like, just shopping. Were you taking a picture the guys are you all set i'm like yeah buddy i'm like
just shopping were you taking a picture of it was he in the background it was the fucking all just
peppered farm cookies no people no one no one there and he's like you all right i'm like yeah
buddy i'm just you know just shopping so like and now i'm just like starting to walk real slow just
am like i'm fucking and the guy pops up the other aisle like i'm looking at the price of the ginger
ale in the cans versus the fucking two liter.
Save a couple cents.
Yeah, you might as well.
Right, fucking right.
So he comes over.
He's like, can I help you?
I'm like, this doesn't happen at fucking stores.
I was like, what, buddy?
I'm fucking calling my wife to see which ginger ale she wants.
Like, literally fucking.
And he's like, oh, like, he's like hounding me.
I was like, buddy, what am I doing here?
So maybe you were, like, dressed like someone who would, like, steal from them i probably am you know every kid who's not dressed the same they probably
get shoplifted all the time but you know what i never shoplifted well probably not lost 30 years
i haven't stolen out of there i'm not like a guy who comes in there and steal shit i'm fucking 50
years old 51 years old so the guy's like you know like harassing me like i'm like buddy i goes i
goes what the fuck dude i'm trying to give you my fucking money, and you're fucking busting my balls over here.
This actually is, I could see the vein in your forehead, like, talk.
I legit need a 70 million.
You know what I thought your grind my gears was going to be?
The fact that Prince William and not you voted best looking bald guy on the planet.
That motherfucker is still going to comb over.
Like, he doesn't even pick the fucking thing.
He's got the worst hair ever for a bald guy.
Fuck him, too.
You should go to Sports Clips. Yeah,'t even pick the fucking thing. He's got the worst hair ever for a bald guy. Fuck him, too. Should go to Sports Clips.
Yeah, Sports Clips. No shit. I had you.
I mean, Chicklets fans, maybe you guys
could help this guy next year, but R.A.
should definitely be considered for best looking
bald guy on the planet. If Prince Williams
is fucking winning it, come on.
Now, they have fucking Bezos
on there, too. He's not fucking...
He's kind of ripped off. Another billionaire
that R.A. hates. He hates billionaires. I mean, fucking Jack. there too like he's not he's kind of ripped up another billionaire that ra hates
i mean like fucking jack whatever he's not fucking i wouldn't he's not fucking handsome
by any stretch you know i don't think so anyways but so yeah i go on fuck this fucking 7-eleven
guy fuck the fucking charles lee i go on for i go on for a hundred mil would you i'd let him
yeah yeah i'd probably for a hundred million you'd I'd let him. Yeah, I'd probably suck. Hey, for 100 million, you'd...
I'd let him cum on my face.
You'd blow...
Hey, no joke.
Keep the cheese, you filthy animal.
I would let Bezos blow.
100 mil's a lot.
Buddy, you'd never see me again.
100 million, I'm done.
I don't got to work another day in my life.
Yeah, but then you're going to be the guy who got...
But then you don't care.
Then the spitting chickatose who got a load blown on his face for 100 mil.
Talk about load management.
You think I should ask for 200?
Biz is like, okay. The guy's like... And then Biz is like, face for a hundred million. Talk about load manager. You think I should ask for 200? Biz is like, okay.
The guy's like, and then Biz is like, all right, 50 million.
I would say put up a Twitter poll, but we might get flagged for this one.
But I'd be interested how many Chicklets fans would take a load in the face
from Bezos for 200 sheets.
200 sheets, I probably would would all right 200 000 200
million 200 million dollars are you taking a load from am i am i blowing him or just getting the
would you let elon musk and bezos double bukkake you right in the fucking yap for 200 sheets he'd
do it for a pepperidge farm gingerbread would you do it for 75 million would you do it for a pepperidge farm gingerbread would you do it for 75 would you do it for pepperidge farms
cookies unlimited for the rest of life and unlimited uh they make goldfish with the fucking
cheddar baby cheddar blasted yeah fuck yeah no i'm all set with loads off the face for buddy
okay girl you know what rides my gears lady loads in your face when all you're looking to do is get
some fucking what's that pop i just hold the internet i get loads on my face when all you're looking to do is get some fucking what's that pop
i get loads on my face what's the pop he was looking for the pop what's the pop
unlimited two liters of ginger ale and peppered farm for my old lady yeah loads in the app um
uh oh the last thing i had in my notes boys, was I forgot to mention it when we were talking about Timu Solani.
Timu Solani and Brett Hall.
Oh, the movie.
He showed us the trailer.
They have a movie coming out.
And we have the trailer right here for you guys to watch.
Open the door.
You've got to see this.
Jake, you're not going to believe this.
Sit down.
Calm down, man.
This better be good.
It is.
Trust me.
I'm so happy and thrilled to own the team here in Hemel.
And of course, it's exciting to be a GM and a head coach as well.
Your childhood hero is going to be your coach.
Mr. Salami, Jake McKay.
Jake, good to meet you.
This feud with Team 93 All-Star Game.
JR put a mouse in his bag.
For some reason, he looked at me.
And ever since then, it's been Brad Hall against Timu Salami.
Who bought this happy ending massage last week for you?
You did.
Who bought the trip to Cabo?
What trip to Cabo?
This one.
Five-star hotel all included.
But I want you to remember one thing.
Keep that mother Holly out of this  league.
I'm Gary Bettman, commissioner of the National Hockey League.
Worth every penny I spent.
You sure you're not a casting director?
Go back to New York, Bettman. Boo! Mr. Bettman, I'm the commissioner of the Old West Hockey League. Worth every penny I spent. You sure you're not a casting director? Go back to New York, Bettman.
Boo!
Mr. Bettman, I'm the commissioner of the Old West Hockey League.
I get booed wherever I go.
An eight-inch bobblehead.
Six feet shorter than my statue in St. Louis.
You will never get the Barons.
What is he, a ranch hand or a hockey player?
Both.
He works at Duke's during the offseason.
Nobody gets rich in the hour.
He didn't have Korea in Winnipeg the year he got 76 tucks.
Yeah, but he had Ty Domi, didn't he?
And no one would go near him.
And if they did, Ty would beat the f out of him.
I got those owners right here in the palm of my fing hand.
I really want to learn more about hockey.
And I was wondering if you'd mind spending a couple hours with me after work someday.
I can't do this, Jake.
You know how I get when I'm alone with a hot girl?
I either freeze up, or I can't stop talking, or I just start sweating like a pig.
Hi, honey.
What are you doing?
Um, watching porn.
You are watching your highlights.
Changing the name to what?
Hamil Flash.
Like the finished Flash?
I get it.
He's going to put a big statue of himself outside the arena.
He's going to be a foot taller than Brett Hulls in St. Louis.
One rum and coke.
Boy, would I love to tap that.
You need both.
No, I got a nice little rental.
I know why you bought the Hawks.
You wanted to hire yourself as coach and have everyone kissing your...
You best shot, you minor leaguer.
So, we haven't had timu on the pod we had him on for a quick five to ten minute segment but when the movie drops or right before timu solani hall of famer not a big deal
seven what do you have 76 goals one year as rookie year yeah yep he's gonna come on the podcast we're gonna talk about his career and his new acting gig as uh as himself in minor leaguers he's in the trailer the one scene he's like on
on his bed and his wife's talking to him you see the giant picture of him in the bedroom yes
and the fact that's what you can do when you're team mussolini and the fact in the trailer he's
about to crank one out just like i would do pregame. So they're just like us, these stars, right?
They're just like us.
Black Friday through Cyber Monday, entire Chiclets store is 20 off.
So goes live midnight Black Friday all the way through Cyber Monday, 20 off.
Everything barstoolsports.com slash Chiclets.
Everything there.
Hey, subscribe.
Follow the YouTube channel.
307,000 followers now and climbing uh shout out to the crew it was an awesome week in california thanks to devin levi we're now in atlanta
we're doing a tnt panel with all the chicklets crew ras hosting and uh we'll see you next week
i think happy thanksgiving everyone oh yeah um you know so many people have many things to be
thankful for.
And if you know someone that maybe right now doesn't feel like they do, reach out to them.
Say hello.
And for everyone who does, hug your loved ones and have a great holiday.
Fuck the lady at Jaws.
