Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 472 of Spit and Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up everyone? This season is just flying by, a couple months down already.
A lot of action out there. We have some front office news to get to, but we say hi to the boys first.
Producer Mike Granelli, what's going on my man?
What's going on guys guys? Actually, not
recording at my house today, recording at the Barstool
office. We actually have the Barstool Sports
Cyber Monday telethon tonight, so
quick shout out to all the fans that purchased
merchandise the past few days. We love
you. We thank you guys. You guys are what keeps
the light on. That's all I really got, boys.
Very happy that the Chicklets Nation went to
work for us. Well, is it okay if
I bring up up because we
were talking before we started recording before you guys hopped on and g was at his girlfriend's
house for thanksgiving and he was just getting grilled by the older crew about the engagement
ring oh they were just full court pressing them in front of lana like what what's your reaction
to that who was grilling you the most? Was it grandma
pinching your cheeks? When are you going to propose to
my granddaughter? When are you going to give me grandchildren?
I'll tell you what.
Marty Mush and Dana Beers
really, really fucked
me. They really fucked me.
Dana Beers is engaged? Dana Beers
is engaged. Marty Mush is engaged.
To a case of beer? To a
picnic table at a Bill's Mafia game? To a pub. Marty Munch is engaged. To a case of beer? To a picnic table at a Bills Mafia game?
To a pub. So the problem is
is I was two and a half years into
my relationship when
Marty started dating Rhea,
when Dana started dating his girl. They
proposed this past summer, so I've been
on the hot seat. I know I'm on the hot seat.
I understand I'm on the hot seat, but
I'll just say Dana and Marty,
they just fucked me.
I didn't even know Dana had a girlfriend.
He does.
He proposed.
But yeah, they fucked me.
All right, well.
All right.
What do you think about this, Whit?
What do you mean they fucked you?
It's like you either want to get engaged or you don't.
You can't blame other people.
Uh-oh.
Grab that shovel.
What are you talking about right now?
You might want Alana to not listen to this episode.
No, they put me on the hot seat, Mario.
Your face right now.
Hey, Alana has never said a word to me about proposing, engagements.
Yeah, she tells her whole family to say it to you.
The second those two do it, the second those two guys do it,
every day it's like, oh, you see this?
I bet Dana and Marty are planning their weddings together.
All this fun stuff.
And I'm like, sorry.
It's just, of course, I want to get engaged to her.
I love the girl.
She's the best girl in the world.
There we go.
These things take time.
Butter her up, baby.
He's going to clip that one.
These things take time.
Oh, yeah.
It's going to be all over the guy's story.
He's going to do the full swap.
TikTok video.
Hey, I will say this.
I will say this.
you're gonna do the full swap tiktok i will say this i will say this okay i don't know if there's ever been a man alive to say i wish i got married sooner so when when you when you you know you meet
the girl your dreams the girl you love 100 you you take it you take your time because like you
know 10 years from now when there's little granelli's running around clipping clips and and
showing off merch for spitting
chiclets. You're not going to be like, God, I wish I
got engaged like six months before
I did. I'll tell you what
Carney's got to keep it in the family.
He's going to be like
who's the kid? Who's that?
Benson? Who's running around with carnival
folk? Yeah. Oh, yeah.
That's right. Sick first goal.
By the way, I might as well get to it since you
mentioned them holy shit i said nicest first goal ever and edmonton fans were all over me saying
eberly rains what's your guy's opinion quick on that i was in the game and i just remember being
so like blown away by eberly's goal and the building was nuts you know there's that crazy uh
first game um season could be special vibes in Edmonton every year.
And then like the super rookies coming in with Hall and he does that.
It was that for me probably took the cake because it was more length of the ice from the red line as opposed to.
Yeah, there was a build up to it.
Yeah, yeah, you're right.
So that building just went fucking bananas when that happened.
Bananas.
Was it crazy?
And then there's actually a funny clip i think ryan rashog did like a funny like uh spoof on like us being mad
that he should have passed it like things like it's definitely on youtube but just just chirping
abs but that goal was i i remember just being like flabbergasted at how nasty that goal was
for your first one in the show you guys went out to the pint after and just got crippled.
Yeah, and we won too.
So 100 we did.
Ryan Whitney, the Whit Dog, how'd you have Thanksgiving?
You had about 600 people coming over your house, didn't you?
It was phenomenal.
It was great.
I'm a big Thanksgiving guy.
I've said that many times.
Yeah, we hosted.
I think the final number was 58.
58 people.
Now, that's including kids, but so many of these kids are now grown up.
So it was just a blast.
And our basement's done finally.
I shouldn't say finally.
It's done.
And we got the ping pong set up.
We got the putting green.
We got the TV.
We actually got a new couch coming in.
We bought a couch.
Horrible, horrible couch.
I sat on the couch.
I said, this is the worst couch I've ever sat on.
So what happens to the couch?
You send it back to the store?
You send it back to the store?
Yeah, they're actually taking it back
and giving us full refund,
which I don't understand how that works.
But when your wife, I'll tell anyone out there,
takes the time and effort to go pick out a couch,
and then you're the whole time saying, no, I don't care.
I trust what you get.
And then she gets it, and you sit down and say, this is the worst coach I've ever sat on.
That's going to lead to a fight 10 out of 10 times.
So in the end, I was correct, I think, because she had friends come over,
and they sat on it and said, this is the worst coach ever.
So any other married guys, G, get ready for this one.
When you tell your wife something, it'll never be correct.
But once their friend says the exact same thing, you're good to go.
I'm already doing damage control right now for the beginning part of this podcast.
I just texted my girlfriend.
Your friends fucked you.
I'm like, you're going to hear some stuff on the pod.
It's just entertainment, babe.
I'm just an entertainer. I don't mean on the pod. It's just entertainment, babe. I'm just an entertainer.
I don't mean any of it.
Yeah, get the flowers ordered.
I made a couple monster plates, though, for Thanksgiving.
You know, I just waited and waited and waited.
And then one of Bree's uncles who lives out in California,
the guy is talking so much shit that he's the king of ping pong
and he's beating his brothers.
I'm like, buddy, hold on. So first first my dad took him down put him over the workbench and just absolutely warped him
just smashed him i'm like yeah you want a piece of me 21 7 21 6 just embarrassing this kid was
walking around with his tail between his legs like a little puppy just getting worked by the
whitney men but um i i ran i ran My dad got me once. I think I was
10 and 1. It was just a shit kicking on the table. So I got the machine now that serves and I practice
my returns forehand, backhand. So I'm really getting into the ping pong. Forrest Gump. Forrest
Gump. Exactly. Yeah. Well, no. Forrest, he brought the table up and he used the backboard. I do that
occasionally, but I got a machine that's serving to me.
So I load that thing with 100 balls.
And I've actually really figured out the topspin on my forehand.
My backhand's always been a weapon.
I would destroy you in ping pong, Whit.
Oh, yeah.
You say you'll destroy everyone and everything.
Wasn't he the one who beat you in bubble hockey?
Yeah, I think he did.
I think he stole me 500 from that. but i'm not good at bubble hockey g i will i will buy your engagement ring
if you beat me if you beat me in a four of seven series whoa and to finish this deal we're gonna
need something from you if you win considering you just said you'd smash me deal that's a deal
let's think about what i'll do but but I'm 100 in on that.
All right.
Wowza.
Holy fuck.
That is such a good bet.
What are we talking here for his side?
Like maybe something like he has to make a fool of himself? Like come over and wash my feet every morning and move to a shitty apartment in Quincy,
Mass or Milton, Mass and fuck, come over every morning and wash my feet and make me breakfast
for like a month.
That could be a possibility.
Oh, man.
This is going to be too good.
Yeah, but I mean, you just talked about how great your basement is.
If I can get in on the putting green like this, I don't know.
I'm in on that.
Yeah, living in your basement on your fucking new couch.
No, you won't be living in my basement, though.
You know what I'll do?
I'll get a nice state-of-the-art porta potty for the yard, and you can sleep in there for a couple weeks.
What's a state-of-the-art porta potty for the yard, and you can sleep in there for a couple weeks. What's a state-of-the-art porta potty?
It's gone.
It's gone.
I think there was, like, town complaints.
So, Whit, on Thanksgiving morning, what time are you waking up?
Are you the one preparing the turkeys?
Like, are you the one orchestrating?
Am I the one preparing the turkeys, bro?
Well, you said you're a big Thanksgiving guy.
Are you smoking turkey weed?
Wednesday night, I was with some friends.
I got home at 3.30 in the morning.
And I was like, no, how do you start in this whole weekend like that?
And so I actually woke up at like 8.30.
And the kids were downstairs eating, watching a movie.
I was like, thank you, babe.
Thank you.
And then I took them out like a little
flag football game and then we actually we had four we had four turkeys we fried two of them my
brother-in-law fries and if any fried turkey that's the way to go oh dude the skin well first
of all it takes about an hour and 25 minutes as opposed to like four and a half hours in the oven and then the skin is so crispy it's like bacon on steroids i was saying um my my my brother-in-law pretended to
pour a zin in the oil the peanut oil i was like dude he's i was just kidding it was already empty
i was like that would have been an unreal turkey though so he uh we had a blast out there and then
i didn't do any of the preparation for food, and then everyone brings a dish, and then we just had so much.
I thought the dessert this year was a little bit of a letdown.
I made that public and clear to everyone, but other than that, it was phenomenal.
Don't you got to be careful frying them?
Freezer tarps did that.
So what happens is I had freezer tarps send me a video that night.
I was like, Bonnie, you got to send me a video.
My brother-in-law is your biggest fan.
He just sent one, just chirping him.
No, he did the Zen Turkey.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's where I think he got the idea.
All right.
So basically, you have to be so careful putting the turkey in
because if any of the oil comes over and hits the flame, it's kaboom.
And so it's all about just putting it in so slow that the oil doesn't rise.
But I think people, like, they have no clue for the most part to the Gigi special.
Yeah, it is.
Maybe next next year I'll give my turkey prep, you know, keynotes for everyone that thinks I'm doing it.
Well, shout out to the people who like like there are guys out there that wake up at six and like prepare all the food and get the whole thing ready.
So shout out to those guys out there.
And it seems like what you think majority of the wives are doing all the heavy lifting.
I would,
my guess would be in my history on this earth and like the families I've been around is Thanksgiving.
Like meal prep is probably like 92 women.
Okay.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm way off.
I usually feel like the,
the,
the Turkey is handled by the guy
and then maybe everything else i think the guy is known as the carver but i don't necessarily
know if the guy is always the one you know based on that thing you don't want your your wife
fucking around with this grease thing you're talking about the men did the fry the men did
the fry okay the women did the oven good to know The women did the oven. Good to know. Good to know.
And just to go back to the engagement ring thing,
like what type of money are we talking here?
Is there a cap?
Yeah.
Who's month's salary?
What were you planning on spending, G?
I don't think I can say that. That's a tough one.
That's a tough one to make public.
Yeah.
That's tough.
No, it's too tough.
This is like, what's your salary too, bitch?
I'm like Howard Stern today.
I ask all the hard-hitting questions.
That's Paul. We'll find a cabinet.
Now sit on that Sibian and make yourself
cum.
The desert, Paul. You had a busy week last
week. Two nights at TNT. Good to see you back
resting back at home. How you been, pal?
Yeah, Wednesday, Friday broadcast.
So there's only been a couple times in
the first half of the season when we did two
in one week. And, you know, I'm canadian i didn't get to really spend thanksgiving with anyone other
than myself in the fart sack in my four seasons hotel room and putting a few in my belly button
so that was really the only thing i was stuffing uh and um it was good though it was fun games
very entertaining and uh yeah i just got back on saturday so nothing really that exciting i think
i mean i'm trying to think of what did I do that was nothing.
My life is kind of boring during the season.
It's all hockey and travel.
Can't always be exciting.
Gene, what was I going to say?
Oh, game notes.
We got another episode coming this Friday.
All right, how was yours, bud?
Yeah.
All right.
I hate to try to do that myself.
I don't want to ask myself the question.
Mine was really nice, man.
Well, I know.
That's why you texted me and said, can you ask me about my thing uh no it was wicked chill man my mother lives down
like a senior housing um down in swamps good it's like an old school and they have a room that like
the people who live there can but like you don't have to rent that out you just put your name on
it was just me my wife my in-laws my parents uh my siblings and a cousin it was just real nice
no kids no like no, just chilled out,
watched some football, had a nice meal,
and yeah, a little cup of glass of wine.
It's really nice and relaxing.
Nice day with the family.
You get older and you really appreciate these
when you get a little bit older.
Oh, R.A., I'll second that.
Even at my age, I'm 38 right now,
like no noise is the best.
Just pure silence.
That's like the best thing about my weekend.
I just chill out.
Like I go for walks and stuff, put the earbuds earbuds in i actually think that my hearing's gotten worse you think i would love
having kids yeah yeah based on silence being the best part of your life well another thing about
just making them paul another thing too is we've never had a chicklet's wedding because you did
yours kind of just like oh yeah so it's a race
between me and g should i just get some mail order bride from russia and beat him to the punch
boys a chicklets wedding would be fucking insane it would be the craziest thing to ever happen
oh we'll be auctioning off tickets to it and stuff by friday next. I'm wearing this down the aisle.
Big deal, Gru, baby.
Yeah, down the aisle, all the groomsmen have to wear new merchandise,
and we get the promo codes buzzing with the flower girl.
She's throwing out promo code tickets on flower buds.
Hey, guys, Whit here.
Before we go any further, I want to talk to you about Pink Whitney.
The New York City trip, the party of a lifetime. Guys, we're here. Before we go any further, I want to talk to you about Pink Whitney.
The New York City trip, the party of a lifetime.
Which one of your friends parties the hardest?
Which one of your friends will pound the most Pink Whitney and then have a time?
Stories told about him or her the next day.
Good, bad, ugly, doesn't matter.
A partier is a partier.
And with the holiday season here, I know Thanksgiving, I had so many different
messages on Twitter and seeing people with the nips, just a perfect warm-up to Thanksgiving
dinner. Just hammering some pink wit, catching the nice buzz, plowing through some food,
and then finishing the night off with a little more pink wit. And with Christmas coming up
and bowl season and football, I mean, it's the tailgate drink of the season.
And also, I think it's a great Christmas gift, right?
You grab the packs of nips.
You give them out to some of your favorite customers or friends.
Maybe you get somebody the big monster bottle that's a huge fan of Pink Whitney.
So we're looking at gift giving.
We're looking at the holiday season.
We're looking at tailgating.
And Pink Whitney's a part of all of them.
And the New York City Pink Whitney trip, I think that we need a little more.
A little more, what's the word I'm looking for?
Engagement from people.
Nominate some more.
Nominate your crazy buddy.
Nominate a guy or a girl who's never been to New York City.
And all of a sudden they're going because of how much Pink Whitney they trip
and how much they party.
That's the city to do it.
So we want to go to PinkWhitney.com to enter the info of your friend
who's the best party animal in the world.
You got 10 secondary prize winners that will receive Pink Whitney party packs
with everything you and your crew need to take your shot
and throw the ultimate host party.
And as I said, that one lucky winner gets to bring three friends. So if you do nominate someone and they win and then
they don't take you, that's a real kick in the dick. So let's make sure that doesn't happen.
But they get the trip to New York City and the tour of Barstool headquarters,
pinkwhitney.com. And don't forget to head on over to your local watering hall, your local bar
to have a little pink wit Pink Whit getting the holiday season.
So Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam, spitting chiclets.
There we go.
Well, we should probably jump right into it.
Huge news just broke right before we started recording.
Minnesota fired Dean Everson, him and his assistant coach, Bob Woods.
And John Hines is going to come in and become the seventh coach of the Minnesota Wild.
And there was a quote the other day, the rig Pat Maroon he said seven in a row fucking
unacceptable guys should be pissed off apparently there was some discord in the room and I don't
know I think this you could probably see this coming because that team has just been awful
out of the gate I don't think anyone's going to be really surprised by this Creed's going to have
to go back to Houghton Mifflin so we we just got this news, and I wanted to say, you know, I'm surprised by it, but I guess I'm not in a sense
where if Billy Guerin thinks that the season can be recovered,
now's the time to do it.
I'm sure that, you know, he's been around long enough
to consult and maybe, I don't want to say lost the room
because Dean Evanson seems like a great guy
and a well-respected coach, where maybe it was just like
the message was
kind of falling on deaf ears where you know they did you announce that they they're bringing in
dana hines uh john hines john dana hines i'm thinking of a trainer who trained a fucking
2000 games so my apology john hines um but this team has got under the gate and they've struggled
like the penalty kill has been atrocious i've said that they probably have one of the most underrated D course coming
in.
Um,
I mean,
I still think that they've been okay.
I think that this probably falls more on goaltending where Gustafson had such
an amazing year last year.
And,
and you know,
Billy G picked them up off of,
um,
Ottawa for,
for,
I think it was in the Talbot trade where,
you know,
he,
he comes off looking
like a genius based on the numbers that he was putting up and flower was also playing pretty
good. I think he might've had one or two cold, quick cold spells last year, but collectively
they were a lot better than we've seen so far this year. And as we've seen, like, you know,
goaltending can be a very strong component to whether your season's going good or bad
EI, the fucking Oilers who we've been talking about nonstop.
I would say that before the other game,
I think it was Abs and Mini,
and Kaprizov looked like himself.
He dominated.
But I think if most people you talk to who are Minnesota fans would say
that he hasn't looked like his dominant self
so far this year,
he's close to a point per game, sure.
But we're talking about the Kaprizov
who's like taking it from his own end,
going to the offensive zone.
The guy who's doing the fucking 10 and 2,
doing fucking loser laps around the fucking O zone,
looking for the hole to take,
and then boom, takes it and buries it.
So we haven't seen that Kaprizov
along with probably the struggles of Boldy early on.
So I would say that those components
have led to the fact
that the team hasn't been able to have success in the win column.
But not surprised if Billy Guerin thinks they have a winning team
and to change things sooner rather than later
because we all know the stats.
Once you hit Thanksgiving and if you're in a tough spot,
it's very hard to recover in the back half of the year
when you're not getting any practice time or anything.
So I think that John Hines is a well-respected coach.
You were talking about him before we hopped on.
Yeah, well, he was the coach of Wilkes-Barre for five or six years
when Billy Guerin, you know, after his playing career,
under his player development, I think, in Pittsburgh, then assisted GM.
And so there's a lot of work between him and the AHL coach.
Prospects, how they look and what's the system you're playing down there compared to ours.
Just discussion throughout the year.
So I'm guessing there was a ton of trust there and a guy he really knows.
In terms of like also realizing he's coaching the NHL.
He's had a couple good runs here and there.
So it's like it makes sense to go with somebody you know and trust midseason.
That's always tough. But like so many beat writers who follow teams daily, like Mike
Russo is very dialed into the Minnesota wild. He's like a great follow good writer in the athletic.
He kind of always is, is, has his finger on the pulse of that team. And just in the past couple
of days, he started kind of little messages um on twitter little little posts kind
of saying like i think the the seat's getting much hotter for evanson because billy garren had come
out and spoke highly of him and pat maroon earlier this year mentioned like this is not on the coach
and in a similar fashion to the oilers it really wasn't on the coach like at some point you either
when the team's faltering and everything's falling apart it's like make a trade or fire the coach well it's always easier to fire a coach so you
kind of feel bad for woodcroft and edmonton now i'm sure there'll be some things that that change
there the same way they have in edmonton i mean the other assistant coach is bob woods is that his
name he got fired also he was running the pk their pk is pathetic leaking oil it's it's
horrible they changed at the last two or three games to a diamond and i think it was jen bottle
who pointed it out on the broadcast which it was actually pretty decent in the game against
colorado although they missed one of the clears and ended up in the back of their net and you
know when fuck it rains it pours just one of those years where hey let's really make sure we fucking keep it out of our net tonight on the pk oh fuck
don't get the clear in the back of the net so but like you said when i think it's in the what
60 percent range they're horrible and and like uh russo writes in this it was like a mailbag
i just pulled up capri soft two even strength goalsy, one. Marcus Johansen, one goal in the season,
no shots the past two games.
Freddie Goudreau, zero points in the last nine games.
Ryan Hartman, seven goals, but none in the past seven games.
Foligno, Duhame, and Dewar, seven combined points.
It's like, you know, like the coach gets fired,
but you look at the roster, it's like guys aren't playing well.
And what's good for the Wild,
I think with Boldy,
is he caught fire in the second half last year.
I mean, he wasn't doing that much early
and then just completely exploded.
The Kaprizov thing is what's weird.
And I don't know if he's injured.
I don't know what's going on,
but you said it best, Biz.
Even with the point production where it's at,
he's not even close to what he's looked like in other years other years he's driving the play he's controlling the
puck his offensive zone possessions out of this world and now it's just like a shell of himself so
when confidence goes it goes quick and it takes a lot of work to get it back and it takes a lot
of luck to get it back too i think so I don't know if he's dealing with an injury
or if he's dealing with his confidence being kind of shattered right now.
Same with Boldy.
But the coach gets let go.
That's 200-point seasons in a row from the Wild those two years.
And Guerin didn't even hire Evanson.
So he believed in him after coming in and taking over
and like, all right, I like this guy.
But in the end, you got to try to do something.
So between penalty kill,
goaltending and Kaprizov not being in himself,
but you kind of mentioned the secondhand scoring sometimes when it's not
there,
it puts so much focus on the top guys because most teams have a shutdown
line or a pair that can really,
you know,
take care of that.
And then when all of a sudden,
you know,
other lines start producing,
it takes a little bit of pressure off you.
And you're not gripping the stick as tight.
So who knows?
I still don't think they make playoffs now.
I just think that there's too many other.
Oh, I don't think they make playoffs either.
I think they're done.
And yeah, that sucks, man.
But it's crazy.
The Gustafson thing is nuts with last year.
And then he gets the contract.
And maybe it's the whole feeling of expectations.
Not,
yeah,
not even X.
Yeah.
I'm thinking expectations is one way to put it or also you,
you kind of take your foot off the gas a little.
And I know nothing.
I don't know Gustafson personally.
I don't know anything,
but man,
you sign a big deal.
Ah,
maybe,
maybe your work ethic drops just this much.
And all of a sudden,
like the, the, the, the strength that carried you
and being so determined and driven,
you relax a little bit,
and all of a sudden your play falters.
And I don't know what's going on with them,
but it probably has something to do
with the defensive zone coverage they have
and their overall defensive zone structure.
But it's just tough.
And it's also weird to me same thing with edmonton
with uh glenn gullick gullickson excuse me i'm mispronouncing that he stays as guys leave and
now darby hendrickson stays i always wonder like as the assistant who stays you gotta feel like a
little guilty and bad but you still have your job a little little wife swap? Yeah, it's like, hey guys, it's just kind of awkward
I'm sure for those guys, but I think
you probably need one guy to be
there to at least like, hey,
this is what's going on with the team. This is Kirill.
Kirill Kaprizov. I don't know if you guys have met yet.
You have to have him wake up, please.
This is where the steam room is.
But it definitely sucks
to see a guy lose his job.
Yeah, seven points back on the second wildcard.
They do have three games at hand,
but they got their work cut out from with all those teams in between.
So see what happens there.
On the other side of these standings, Biz, your boys, the New York Rangers.
Nice little 13-1-1 run, 27 out of 30 points.
And they've done it a lot without Adam Fox, the number one defenseman.
This team's been rolling.
And honestly, I don't even think they're playing their best right now.
I mean, which is it?
John Quick, how about him?
Two shutouts already, 37 years old.
Biz, do you want to do over on the Rangers here or what?
No, come on.
I've said this before.
I just hate their fucking guts.
And in fact, it actually makes me happier
because the expectations are being built even higher
for them to fizzle out in the first round.
And I actually, in my brain and in my daydreams,
I'm kind of seeing this
you know second half comeback by the new jersey devils and somehow they meet again in the first
round and new jersey figures things out but we're gonna have pasha on later and just to go back
quickly to mini did you guys want to talk about the flurry situation quick or or did you want to
move on from that considering we were talking about their goaltenders oh the old uh nhl just looking like
fools again not wanting him to wear a mask and i'm not trying to deflect we can talk about that
after we talk about the rangers because we're just getting into this rangers talk you guys tell me
yeah no it's good good call because obviously the minnesota stuff broke late we had the
mark andre flurry down further yeah uh the nhl is like that fucking uh sideshow bob episode of
the simpsons where he just keeps stepping on rakes and they keep
smacking him in the face. That's the NHL this year.
They just can't do anything fucking right.
I mean, I don't know. They told the guy
he couldn't wear it in warm-ups. Like, who gives
a fuck? I mean, that's been one thing. Goalies have always
been able to put whatever on their masks.
A couple of goalies. I know Bob
down in Florida, he's had the hockey fights canceled.
Like, how do you tell a guy he can't wear that
mask? I mean, it's a tribute to his wife. It wife it's just stupid man they can't get out of their own
fucking way man first they said he couldn't wear it in the game but could wear it in warm-ups
then they changed their mind which is like that's even crazy like we already said you could wear
it in warm-ups but actually no no no we thought about it you can't wear it in warm-ups like what
are you doing and rarely does um uh Luongo chime in on any negativity
surrounding the league and even he quote tweeted and said like what are we even doing here now
this could be my only answer for why it was like flagged down is maybe they didn't get enough prep
time and to know what the what you know what it was for and therefore it has to go down this totem
pole where I know you're rolling your eyes a little bit wit but what if it ends up being put on his helmet where it was something offensive and oh it slipped
through the cracks so i don't know how long this wasn't no i i understand but if they get that
information uh the morning of hey he's wearing this mask i don't know who it's got to go through
at the league to understand and if it's in the right hands, like, is there like a, a group texts of individuals that they can go to,
to like have a panel where this can go down or be given more of a heads up for
they're probably thinking from a legality standpoint,
do I think it's stupid knowing what the cause was and,
and how beautiful the helmet is,
why it couldn't have been worn for the whole game?
No,
it's fucking ridiculous.
There should be somebody that,
that they can like
like a a panel or committee that it should go to like this seems like it's not really being
handled properly because they're fumbling the bag so many times on these these these topics
oh yeah how do they here's the other thing does the hockey diversity alliance or or the one that
they've established that's i don't even know if that one's still a thing,
but isn't there a thing that's established
where they can take it to that in advance?
All I know is that the best, most bizarre part of all of this
is there wasn't even a punishment.
So it goes back.
They make a big deal, no game warm-ups.
Oh, sorry, no warm-ups. Oh, sorry.
No warm-ups.
Where's it anyways?
Nothing happens.
As Mwango said, what are we even doing here?
That might have been a good decision they've made.
I thought he was going to get fined or something,
but he decided to wear it anyways.
Well, they should fine him anyways.
If they want to try to at least stick to their guns,
you look foolish saying no to begin with you
look even dumber to not punish them because after the dermot pride tape no punishment he wasn't
allowed to do that no punishment so now flory's told he can't do this no punishment it's like
uh i don't know like at some point maybe we should punish them if we're really that adamant that they
don't wear this mask or use this tape say that's just
allowed wear this mask or use this tape isn't allowed at the end of the day it seems like this
information is being sent to the wrong people so they should change those people who are making
the decisions is basically what i was trying to say and on top of that from an indigenous standpoint
in canada every game they pay respect to them like edmonton every game they have the
guy who's on the jumbotron and they say they say they're i think every canadian team acknowledges
and the indigenous community and and what they did for our country before games so that's where
i'm like ah that's kind of dumb considering they're doing it all the time like what's the big
and the helmet was stunning yeah just to chime in on your point about having enough time.
Noah Ennis, who made the mask, said that they gave the NHL and the Minnesota Wild over a month to approve.
Oh, my God.
Maybe they text Gary, but it's right after he hits like his huge gravity bong every night.
And so like he's not great at getting back to text like after 8 p.m.
It's like it's like it's a four foot gravity
bong the same height as him and he's just like he's just blasted after it they're gonna turn
it into an nft the mask fuck oh fuck thank god more less nft time more putting a group where
you send it to a group chat of somebody who can make the right fucking call on this stuff this has been a sideshow between everything going on this year um on to the rangers um so do you think there's a
chance guys that biz says back-to-back president trophy winners aren't going to make the playoffs
that would be an incredible yeah but i think that we can all agree though and we're going to get to
the calls later by the way i'm super fired up for these calls that we do oh yeah we didn't tell
anyone we did those the the shtick of me hating their guts was was me saying ah they're going to get to the calls later, by the way, I'm super fired up for these calls that we do. Oh yeah. We didn't tell anyone we did those.
The,
the shtick of me hating their guts was,
was me saying,
ah,
they're going to miss playoffs.
Fuck them.
And like,
I don't,
if they do,
which they very much are on that call.
And when I'm on the TNT panel,
they have a team that is good enough to win the Stanley cup.
Okay.
We can all agree on that.
So we'll go back in time.
And if you like you,
you thought,
I fucked them. Like I said, I'm, I don in time. And if you thought they would make the playoffs.
No, fuck them.
Like I said, I don't care.
I'm going to fucking troll their fans, their fucking scumbags online.
I'm going to keep telling them they're trash bags.
Is anyone else listening confused by now?
Do you?
Calbell ladies are trash.
GM, are you confused?
Yeah, this is just crazy.
What are you talking about?
Do you think before the year they were going to make the playoffs?
I said they weren't because I fucking hate their guts.
Okay.
Okay.
Do they have a team good enough to fucking make playoffs?
Of course.
I said that they have a good enough team to win the Stanley Cup.
They have great goaltending.
They have an awesome back end and they got some studs up front.
We said the question mark is going to be with the bottom six and look at the fucking start Lafreniere's had.
So let's go back to pumping their tires and I have no problem paying respects when
it's due and I will I will keep pumping their tires and the minute they lose in the first round
the New Jersey Devils like in Ohio gonna have a great laugh about it all you speak with your heart
not your head sometimes biz I think that's what it is thank you thank you thank you I don't think
Jonathan quick did you already say his numbers I mean holy fucking what it is. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Jonathan Quick, did you already say his numbers?
I mean, holy fucking shit.
This is unbelievable.
Six, six, zero, and one, uh, nine, three, oh,
save, but said that one, nine, nine goes against two shutouts.
It's fucking unbelievable.
I love it.
Which we go to Gustafson last year to this year in many.
Quick was horrible last year.
Like it kind of looked like that was it, right?
I mean, there was not much there.
He did not play well
and then maybe the old magic of playing for your favorite team growing up and and just being back
closer to home maybe it's just brought him so much inner peace away from the rink that
well that and the team's awesome they're an awesome well they do they do give up a lot of
high danger chances so he has to fucking work to get these wins too.
Right.
And,
and also with maybe a little bit of health too,
like this guy has been through some surgeries and the hips weren't good.
And,
you know,
in order to play his game,
he has to be as athletic as he is.
So when I was going to ask you about a different Gustafson,
this guy who was in Toronto,
he's been a suitcase.
He's played on seven teams,
four original six teams.
And he's got what 14 points
right now for them he moves well dude buddy he fuck he's making 850 000 the Leafs pick up
Klingberg for four fucking million dollars like he was in Toronto you had your guy and you had
him at a bargoon you're telling me that they couldn't have signed him for like a two year at 1.5. He's making 850 grand.
And you can't even tell that Adam Fox is out of the lineup right now.
Cause it hasn't affected the power play at all.
I think that since he's been on a lineup,
I don't even know if they fucking lost.
And you,
you,
I think you,
before this season,
you were talking about the honey badger.
Um,
is that Lil grin?
Not Lil grin,
Lynn grin,
Lynn grin.
I always get Ryan. Lingering warrior warrior. I always get those two fucked up.
Lindgren.
Warrior.
Warrior.
I mean, he brings in that limit.
I know he doesn't have any points right now, but he doesn't need to.
He's that fucking shot blocker.
He's the guy when you go near the blue paint, he's fucking cross-checking you off.
You were singing Schneider's praises as well.
He's a big fucking D-man who in that in the absence of fox being out
uh keandre miller's keandre miller and holy fuck dude this true betrayed this true but that clip
is a menace and and the the the coolest thing about it is like the mental toughness side where
he didn't get baited into fighting delorier he's fucking grabbing him the whole way up the ice
against the the philadelphia flyers and then he sees an opportunity and then who do you who do you end up going to
like he and hathaway ain't a fucking little guy either he's built like a brick shithouse too
so he like truba might be one of the best open ice hitters in the nhl if not the best open ice
hitter and he fucking every like 10 games he's doing something where you're like okay this guy might be on the spectrum and like put a handle blech their mask on him and then i
think the game after was when the frederick thing happened and we can wait to get to that and that
breakdown but their back end is so good they're so solid they're getting the goaltending uh power
play is third in league right now so they've been fucking humming and the penalty kills seventh so their special teams is doing an unbelievable job and panarin uh you know he's having an mvp
caliber season as of late and i use this analogy on the broadcast has been a jad when he's flying
up the ice his hair is kind of the modern day mike madano flapping in the wind you see his hair going
it's like watching like a horse galloping in the field
like his hair is like madonna's jersey yes it's flapping in the wind just as beautifully have you
not been watching these like these full-end rushes the one where you got a stick on the other night
so well that's the thing they they've been playing this well he hadn't done shit he had two goals
going into that game and then fox being hurt it's like it's kind of
wild that they've if you if you would have told me Fox would have missed eight games whatever it
was and Shosturkin for a little bit too yeah Mr. Shosturkin and then Zabeniad would have two goals
through 16 games I'd be like oh they could be in they could be in like staring up at a wild card
spot and know that they've gotten quick stepping up and they've got just a deep team and like trocheck deserves a lot of respect oh my god i think he's great in
the room too just from knowing him and talking to guys like people love love him on their team
like he has everyone over on thanksgiving it's just you know a lot of teams do stuff like that
but when everything's going smooth while it possibly could not have been because of injuries
and stuff you just look at
this team and and i think it's a close bunch and lavi-alette deserves credit he obviously
has some ability to go to new teams and like break through to guys and get his message across and get
guys to buy in because everywhere he goes he has success right away and so i think it's really no
different in new york but i guess they do give up a decent amount of chances.
I just think with the struggling of some...
That's the only flaw.
That's the only flaw you can use against them right now
is the high-quality danger chances.
And as we mentioned, Kako and Lafreniere,
they both had to step up.
Well, one of them stepped up.
Kako, he's just...
I don't know.
He gets nothing accomplished.
He's just not that good as of right now.
And Rangers fans will argue that he'll hold on to the pocket.
Well, dude, I kind of need to see some offense here.
But you've had one of the young guns really step up and have a good start.
And that's been enough.
And this was also Wheeler hadn't done anything.
He's kind of stepped it up a little bit.
So it just seems like everything's kind of firing for them.
But they'll go through their rough spell, as every team does.
And then you see how they figure it out after that.
Like, this run won't continue.
And that's no knock on them.
It's just the league.
And as far as Fox being out in the power play,
still humming at that rate,
I think a lot has to do with just Kreider, net front.
We talk about Pavelski.
Like, who are some other names that
we say are the some of the best net front presidents in the league he's just so good around
the blue paint getting his stick on shit whether it's screening the goalie so they just they got a
great team i think that they'll probably have to add a little bit to to the bottom six in order to
be a real contender but as far as having to make any significant moves,
they look fucking great right now. How about all the morons who called Peter Labulette a retread when they
hired him?
Like he was some stiff who like bounced around.
Like I want to fucking Stanley cup brought two other teams to a Stanley
cup.
I'm like,
he's also somewhat of a player's coach too.
So he's not this old grump.
Yeah,
exactly.
I know.
But like it,
it is like people complain about like the old boys club and then
it it was that but it wasn't a guy who'd never accomplished anything getting another chance
right like it just seems like it's kind of the same argument you know I think of a retread as
a guy who just you know kind of run of the mill like who doesn't have a a track record of winning
and that's not peter laviolette you know I mean he had a track record of winning that's a great
point all right and uh and mika got little game notes bump too from Merle's uh that that episode right
right she said better on Mika today he scored two goals that day and uh Rangers won the game
yeah Merle says that just about every show though every every opportunity he can get to go get a
Mika burger he takes actually biz I heard that um over the summer uh Jonathan Quick that met with
like a goalie expert to kind of refine his game a little bit.
Oh, shit. Yeah, right there. Have you seen that picture
right there from Vegas?
That was you partying with him where?
It's the only cup. The night he
won his third cup, yeah.
You snuck into the room that was in the
arena, correct? Well, no, that was
I did that, yeah, but this was the second
place I snuck in, not to be confused with the third
place. I didn't really, I mean, it obviously made a text call to get in,
but yeah, it's more fun to sneak in.
No, I saw him standing there talking to George McPhee.
Crick wakes up next to the cup instead of his wife on the other side.
It's R.A.
She's sleeping on the couch.
His best friend is like friends with one of my family members.
Like, I'm not going to get into it.
It's kind of boring.
But so I mentioned that.
So we ended up shooting the shift a little bit.
Like, great guy.
I was really happy for him. Johnny's a pizza yeah good shit uh now let's go
back to the troubatrain here okay let's talk about this situation here now listen i understand
there's a common theme here you got pnc uh cowbell lady assaulting a police officer you have another
rangers fan uh in the subway assaulting uh another fan from a opposing team.
And then it was a Lightning fan.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to that Lightning fan who got sucker punched by a New York Rangers
scumbag fan.
There's a lot of them.
There's a lot of them online, everywhere.
And then Trouba tries to decapitate Frederick.
There's a common theme here.
And as much as I hate the New York Rangers, I don't think that he should have been suspended for that.
And I'm okay with that small little fine.
But when Frederick is joshing with him and he pushes his left shoulder,
you could see that Trouba ends up getting pushed back on the back of his blade.
And you could tell that quick motion in order to catch his balance
is what drives his stick up.
He says, his quotes are
i gotta be more careful with my stick but uh you think yeah but wit would you agree though when
frederick kind of shoves his shoulder you can clearly see him go to the back heel of his skate
where he got jolted and that's why his stick came up for balance his stick he already had his two
hands on a stick no i disagree with you a little bit i think
i didn't think it had anything to do with balance i think true but i was holding his arm and he was
trying to rip his arm away from him and in the process of that his stick swung around and i
think it's fucking crazy he didn't get suspended wow buddy are you kidding me how control your own
stick you just slashed a guy in the temple, full tilt, three feet away from the ref.
It wasn't even a penalty, was it?
The ref was right there, so he didn't blow the whistle.
No call.
What the hell are we talking about, Biss?
Balance on the back of your skates?
This isn't you trying to break the puck out.
This is a guy tomahawk slashing somebody in the side of the head with his stick.
No, I get that it looked like he tried to use his head as a pinata,
but I'm telling you.
I saw the new angle thing.
Wait, there you go.
I was just going to bring that up.
There's another angle, and it didn't change your opinion at all.
I want you, R.A., I want you and Grinnelli and you.
It went from a five-gamer to a two-gamer in my mind.
Rewatch it.
And I get what you're saying.
Tell me that when Frederick, because he has his shoulder,
he has Trouba's left shoulder.
And when he pushes it back quickly,
that's when you could see Trouba lose his balance.
And his stick already has two hands on it.
So when he falls back, it automatically comes up
to try to
catch his balance. And he did, he caught his balance real quick. And listen, you're talking
about a guy who hates the New York Rangers. And I want to, I want this guy to get, I don't really
care if he gets sussied or not, but I would usually be hammering on a guy if I hated it, but
no, watch it again. You're responsible for your stick though, no? I mean. Yes, and that's why he got fined.
But they obviously watched it over and over
and deemed that he didn't do it on purpose.
So then why should he get games for it?
Okay, so what if the stick knocked all his teeth out?
Well, I mean, didn't that fucking happen to Hoffman
and nothing happened off the draw?
I don't remember that.
I don't remember that. Off the faceoff, I thought it happened in training camp
where the guy kind of gave him a little bit of a
cross check. I don't know.
I thought it just ended up being a fine.
No, I'm not saying you're making that up.
I just can't remember. I think it was
AJ Greer gave him a little cross check to the face.
Mike Greer lost a bunch of teeth. I think it's just the whole
visual of
a slash to the side of the head.
Granted, you were trying to pull your arm away,
but I don't know, drop the right hand from your stick to pull your arm away.
It's like I already mentioned, you're in charge of your stick.
So, okay.
Actually, you know what?
If you don't want to suspend him, make the fine more than five Gs, bro.
He's spending five Gs.
It's five Gs to to him what does he make
seven he doesn't give a fuck if they want to if they want to start doing like no suspension but
you get the maximum fine make the maximum fine 25 grand or something like five grand i actually
said that to jeff today i said bump it up to where it's a little bit more of a peepee whack
yeah i want to ask is that something that's negotiated by the union in the league
or the league makes those rules?
I was curious about that.
I don't know.
I went to one NHLPA meeting in the city and buckled the whole time
with my buddies and never even remember what was said.
I'm like, what's our per diem pack?
Oh, it went from 96 to 102.
Perfect.
Look, I was thinking, because if players did have a say in it,
then I think guys don't want it.
Don't you want health insurance?
Nah, I'm good.
Just make sure the cash is in the per diem.
I'm going to make sure the cash is in the per diem.
That'll plan least it needs braces
and people probably think I'm trolling with
my opinion but neither of you
have watched the video again
to see what I'm talking about
I watched the one Russo put out there
yeah I would be fine with one game
I'm kind of with you Biz I think it's
kind of a nothing burger but one
game I'd be happy with
throw him in prison with PNC lady in the subway sucker puncher I don't care I'm kind of with you, Biz. I think it's kind of a nothing burger, but one game I'd be happy with.
Throw him in prison with PNC lady and the subway sucker puncher.
I don't care.
Frederick's tough as shit.
When they play again, he's going on my bet.
Hey, I don't know, man.
Trouba's a tough fucker.
He's not soft either.
And the thing about Trouba is,
what an amazing thing to have every fan base
hate you but your own.
And also, he was horrific at the beginning of last year.
Horrible.
He's been a beast.
He's been an absolute horse.
I think the whole team was shit, and that's when he ended up doing the helmet toss.
Yeah, ever since the helmet toss, he's been unbelievable.
I know.
But I'm saying, we talk about this a lot, but when you still have the guy and the guys
out there in the league that
still will run you over like fans may hate him but buddy everyone on the other team knows when
he's on the ice and he still manages to light people up i think pasha still has a concussion
from when meyer got drilled in game seven um so would you say a modern day scott stevens he's got
the scott ste Stevens Award right now
where he will lay the guy.
That should be kind of, I don't know,
should they introduce that award?
Like the guy who's like a legal introduce an award for hitting?
No, like a defensive.
They'll give another Lady Bingo before they give the Stevens Award.
No, like a defensive defenseman
because I feel like it always goes to like points now.
Although we'll get to the Norris talk later,
but I don't know, just top of mind, stupid thought.
Thanks a lot for bringing it up, Whit.
All right, before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at Game Time.
You shouldn't have to worry when you're buying tickets to your next big event.
Game Time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets for all these sports, music, comedy, and theater events near you.
Listen, next year, these boys are coming back to America, the Rolling Stones. buy tickets for all these sports, music, comedy, and theater events near you.
Listen, next year, these boys are coming back to America, the Rolling Stones.
Everybody and their mother's going to want to see them.
You're going to use GameTime.
It's so simple.
A couple taps, a couple pops, boom.
Last minute tickets, flash deals, zone deals, whatever.
It's easy to find and buy tickets for every event in your area.
And if you're not a concert person, sports, shows, theater, whatever, you can find it anywhere. Game Time has deals on tickets right up to the start of the event and even an
hour after it starts. It's the place to find last minute seats. Find exclusive flash deals and
sponsored deals on tickets for football, basketball, baseball, concerts, comedy, theater, and a whole
bunch more. With Zone Deals, you pick the section, Game Time picks the seats for an average of 18 savings.
Woo!
And the Game Time guarantee means you always get the best price.
If you find tickets in the same section in a row for less, Game Time will credit you 110 for the difference.
Not 100, 110.
R.A., R.A., I got to jump in here because this Saturday I found out,
this past Saturday I found out that my little brother was in New York City.
Not every day you find out your little brother's just in New York City.
It's 10 a.m.
I'm like, hey, wait, the Bruins are in town today.
Let's check out game time.
Let's see if we can get any tickets for a cheap price.
What do we do?
We grab some tickets.
I think they were under 300 bucks to get four or five tickets to go into MSG.
We had an absolute blast, and it was all because of the GameTime app.
World's most famous arena, man.
You can't beat it.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off.
Download GameTime today.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.
The local boys, gee, the Bruins, they finally lost two games in a row,
but they're still tied with the Rangers for the most points in the league right now.
They have arguably the best goaltending tandem.
Lena Salmak, 7-2-1 with a 9-1-8, say, percentage.
2-5-8 goes against Swayman.
7-1-2, 9-2-7, say, percentage.
2-2-8 goes against one shutout.
And, Biz, I know you were asking about teammates winning the Vesna,
going back to the old school.
And I did look it up for you.
In 1938 and 1939, Tiny Thompson and Frankie Brimzik
each won it for the Bruins.
However, they weren't teammates in that second year.
So the Bruins did win it in those two years way back in the day,
way, way back in the day.
So, yeah, I mean, this team, I think they're due for a hiccup.
I think they've been kind of playing over their heads a little bit,
a little over their skis is what I would say.
I wouldn't be surprised if they have a little bit of stumble coming up
in the next few weeks or so.
Well, I mean, also because the goaltending's been so good like i watched that game they had the rematch of uh the
well this is the second time they played florida and boston so this is actually the second game
after um the mcavoy hit on oliver eckman larson it was a chippy game awesome regular season game
but i mean you guys watch it in that first period omar was on his head
like i mean there was probably about five ten bell saves that he had to make in order to keep the
minute and then all of a sudden you know frustration sets in and then boston ends up figuring out a way
to win so i would say that if you're talking about the boston brunes right now a lot of what they're
they've been able to accomplish up to this point has to do with goaltending and i mean i i don't even know when the last time that the uh a tandem has won the jennings trophy
back to back is that the one with the best save percentage no that's uh goals against uh sometimes
one guy wins it sometimes two wins yeah yeah okay well i mean they're they seem to be on top right
now for that unless we're going over the guys in Vegas. But overall, this one, two punch is really working for them.
And I mean, Swayman's numbers, I believe are even a little bit better,
but what's his name? Montgomery was asked about this and he said, you know,
if you're going up to playoffs, like what are you going to do? And he said,
he goes, Oh, we would just keep with the same system,
which I thought was odd to answer considering like you don't really have to talk about that far in advance and last year consider
last year right considering the way that it was i believe it was fumbled last year but this is this
is kind of the new wave of getting it done in the nhl or at least one way of the two goalie system
and it has fucking been really working for this boss of ruins team so credit to management because the amount of money they're spending on goaltending based on production
is is really out of this world and when i'll send it over to you like pavel zaka has been
fucking unbelievable another pasha heart tape telling me how horrible he is we don't want him
he stinks i'm like buddy i don't know this guy's pretty legit out there and i
didn't necessarily know if he could be a true first line center he's got 16 points in 19 games
but if he if he finishes the year with 65 points and he's as good defensively as he's been that's
a hell of a player gee i know you wanted to say something go ahead i was just gonna say that um
patrick waugh and uh brian hayward they won the Jennings Trophy in 1987, 1988, and 1989.
Yeah, you mean Patrick Waugh did?
How many games did he play each year?
Go look at that.
Well, each goalie has to play at least 25 games
in order to be a winner of the Jennings.
Yeah, because Martin Brodeur also won it in 03 and 04,
and it was just his name on the list.
No other backup goalie.
Yeah, because he was playing fucking 69 games a year or whatever it was wait so you're saying that an individual goalie can
also win the jennings trophy if your partner doesn't play enough games yep yep okay so
i didn't know that in either of those years where patrick wall won it was he was it just his name on
it or did the other guy play well so in in from 87 to 89 it was both names and then
Patrick Waugh won it again in 2002 by himself Martin Brodeur won it by himself in 03 and 04
Mika Kipersoft won it by himself in 2006 2010 Brodeur won it by himself and even we mentioned
Jonathan Quick Jonathan Quick's won it twice by himself as well in 2014-2018. Has there ever been a time where the goalie has won that individually
and then also not won the Vezna?
That would probably be impossible.
If you're winning that trophy on your own.
Well, he just said Quick's won it twice.
Does Quick have two Veznas?
He didn't win it in 2018, I'm pretty sure.
Who won it?
There you go, Vez.
Wow.
Was it Lundqvist that year?
2018 was 27.
2018 was Pekka Rene.
2018, 2019 was Andre Vasileski.
And also, it's only goals against.
I mean, I think save percentage is probably a more relevant stat
when it comes to goalies.
I agree.
I nodded to Biz when he asked if save percentage was the Jennings,
which obviously shows I don't know anything.
But in my mind, that's what it should be because goals against,
that has so much to do with the team as opposed to like save percentage is a pretty equal
like test to the entire league I guess it would be unfair to I think they're both I think they're
both relative because it's like where are you where are the shots coming from how dangerous
are the shots right I think they should I think they should factor in both stats and also maybe even the eye test.
Kind of a little eye test action?
Yeah, a little eye test.
Eye test on the Bruins for me is exactly what R.A. said,
that they're kind of due for a little of this.
And I guess the worry would be that basically the only two bad games
that Swayman and Allmark have had were Detroit and the Rangers this past week when they got spanked both games.
So it's like, all right, well, we have these two amazing goalies,
but if they're not playing great, are we in a little bit of trouble?
I've seen a lot more passes through the offensive zone,
trying to get the goalie moving side to side
that are working against the Bruins just recently.
But I don't know.
I just think you just keep talking about the culture.
Pasternak right up there for MVP.
Oh, my God.
We're talking about MVPs.
That guy, watching him skate around and then always create these angles for himself.
It's amazing to watch.
McAvoy's been incredible as well.
Montgomery is a great coach, man.
That speech he gave to those guys in Florida about the dad's trip.
Why don't you just play it quick, G?
Alright, boys.
I've been watching you guys hang out with your dads
and I've got to be honest, I'm a little bit jealous.
My dad passed away nine years ago
and what a fucking opportunity
for you guys.
And whether
your dad's in heaven, right?
Linus?
Or whether he's here with us or Louts, whether he's watching at home on your sofa,
they gave us the names we wear on the back, and they're proud of you guys, as they should be, right?
Now, we're all proud to wear that B in front of us.
What my dad expected was second and third effort every fucking night.
Let's have second and third effort tonight and see what we're going to have at the end of the season.
All right? Starters. Forby have second and third effort tonight and see what we're going to have at the end of the season. All right?
Starters,
Forby,
you and Chatty,
we got Zach as line,
Linus, you're next.
Just talking about like,
these are the guys who gave you the name
on the back of your jersey
and there's some of us who can't have our dads here.
Like just,
I was welling up with tears.
I was like, holy shit, right before the game to have a speech like that.
He's going over and giving guys knocks.
I think Lauko's dad wasn't there.
So it's just, I think it's a team that will probably go through a bit of a bump here
or at some point, but it's hard to say they're not Stanley Cup contenders
because of the goalies and the D.
And going back to last year when they didn't go back and they rotated all year and then R.A. famously was correct, put Swayman in after game four and they didn't.
Game two, sorry.
It is crazy to me to imagine, though, a playoff series starting and switching goalies every game.
I know if you're doing that and he says we'll just do it.
Now it's November.
We're talking about the playoffs.
But I think it would be bizarre if you win a game,
first game of the playoffs, and just, boom, go to the next guy.
And then he loses while the next guy's going back in.
What if he wins again?
It's like, I just don't know how long that could last in the playoffs.
I guess we'll find out.
Well, I mean mean Minnesota tried to do
it last year because Gustafson he went into overtime I think it was two overtimes in the
first round well he played stellar they won the game and the next game they went to flower so it's
just like I think that I agree with you and that's why I was surprised that he already he I guess he
answered the question the way he did where I would have said well you know right now we're just kind
of focusing on right now and like we'll make that decision down the road because one guy could be
playing way better than the other guy but either way huge reason is goaltending Zaka's been
incredible uh that the young kid uh Patra has slowed down offensively 19 year old rookie right
buddy but because he's so reliable on the other side of the puck, he can stay in the lineup. And I think that there was probably a lot to do
with Marshawn being named captain
and him being like,
boys, we got a lot left to prove
and a lot left on the bone here
after the way we went out last year.
So him having a chip on his shoulder
and kind of leading that group
after the way things ended with Bergeron
is probably a big reason for that as well.
I think that,
I think that like you,
would you guys say easily Marshawn Hall of Famer?
Yes,
absolutely.
I would say easily he,
I think that you ask any person in hockey,
you'd give everyone a hall of fame though.
So when you say,
I got to go start looking.
Okay.
First of all,
look at his playoff numbers.
I don't think he's close right now, man.
How it works.
He has.
He's been.
I think you asked.
I think of him as a Hall of Famer.
I'm just telling you.
He's got 967 games.
He's got 881 points.
His playoff numbers are great.
But Hall of Fame, buddy, I know you'd have anyone in there.
It's just tougher than you think bud all right
i just yeah all right but but i know what you're saying like he i would say that he's been a top
eight winger for like any if you ask anybody like who do you want you know going into playoffs
overall as far and also his point production i would say that he's been a top eight winger for a 10-year period.
No doubt about that, yeah.
That's a long period of time to sustain dominance.
If he gets in the Hall of Fame,
I will not be surprised.
What were Cam Neely's numbers?
I mean, I'm kind of cherry-picking here,
but I just typed in Martian Hall of Fame on Twitter
and this came up.
After two points tonight,
Brad Martian has 280 points in his 220
game career since the start of
his 30-year-old season.
1.27 per game. There are two players
with more points per game in at least 220
games played in their 30s. Wayne
Gretzky at 1.69 and Mario
Lemieux at 1.62. Wow.
What a fucking stat that is.
His sustained dominance
is a fine wine. And last thing on the Bruins, Charlie Coyle, that is. His sustained dominance is...
He's a fine wine.
And last thing on the Bruins,
Charlie Coyle, nine goals.
His career high is 21.
So that's a... You know, for him to get that role,
he's playing with Frederick and...
Who else does he play with?
Morgan...
Is it Morgan Geeky?
Yeah, Geeky.
Yes, Geeky.
That's been a great line.
So Bruins are a little slow over the weekend,
but they should be fine.
Beecher's been awesome.
Beecher, the fourth line center.
He only has four points,
but every time he's out there,
he's making something happen,
whether he's throwing his body around,
getting his scrum out front.
I've loved what I've seen from this kid.
So that first game in Florida was the dad's trip
for the Boston Bruins,
and Louis DeBrusque was there,
and Jake surpassed him
402 games played Louis had 401 so he got to do that on the dad's trip and he scored a goal so
it was a pretty cool moment and they both got interviewed together after the game so I thought
that was pretty cool and uh yeah he's gotta get going though yeah he's gotta get going yeah uh
just to answer your question uh Cam Neely in the playoffs,
he had 57 goals, 32 assists in 93 games.
So just under a point per game in his career, 694 points in 726 games.
Of course, he scored 50 goals in 44 games.
Only one guy beat him in that category.
Would you say from a power forward standpoint
that Cam Neely dominated for what length period of time?
Would you say he was one of the best for eight years?
The phrase power forward wasn't a thing until Cam Neely came along.
Granted, guys could score and fight, but nobody combined the two like him.
I mean, he was a 50-goal scorer.
You don't think Goldie Howe was a power forward?
They didn't, but you didn't hear that phrase.
I'm not saying he wasn't a power forward. I'm saying they didn't call people was a power forward? They didn't, but you didn't hear that phrase. I'm not saying he wasn't a power forward.
I'm saying, but they didn't call people really a power forward.
You didn't really hear it until like Neely came along.
I'm not making him up.
I know I'm a fucking huge fan of his,
but he was the first guy they really called one.
And it's not just about scoring, man.
It was 50 goals.
He scored 50 goals and beat the fuck out of everybody.
I look at Cam Neely and Lindros in the Hall of Fame pretty similar
that their careers were cut short because of injury,
but at their peak, they were so much better than anyone else.
Not than anyone else, but they were so dominant
that that got them into the Hall of Fame.
Whereas, obviously, there's guys with longer careers
and more points that will never get in.
It's just about how dominant they were in their era
before the injuries took over.
Did you ever play pogs?
No, I wasn't a nerd.
Gee, probably did.
No, I don't even know what pogs are.
I actually have no idea what those are.
I think it's those little like bottle cap things.
Yeah, you flip them over with the hammer.
So I used to collect the NHL pogs,
and I got in a pack a Lindros pog,
and that was like when he was like one of his top years and it was an
8 pog I'll never forget
I used to get him at this place called K's
Variety and then later
on to do magic cards for a little
bit and then yeah that kind of ended
so I guess between that the Janko
jeans and the pogs like I was a full
fledged fucking loser still am
I remember
on Pittsburgh in Dallas it was actually a dad's trip.
We played Dallas, then we played the Coyotes.
And Lindros, I've told this before, Lindros had a wide open net,
and I came from behind as he was just about to tap it on the goal line,
lifted his stick up and cleared it.
And Terrian, the next day, showed the video.
He's like, fucking right, that's fucking strength. That's how to be strong in front of the net that's eric lindros
i'm like thanks thanks i was so happy and then i'm not even gonna say who said it he came out to me
he's like that wasn't exactly the flyers eric lindros you did that too you would have smashed
your head and into the into the crossbar and then buried the goal if he was on the flyers
and you tried that shit.
You can't say who said that.
No, no, no.
I don't want anyone out there maybe dogging
the Dallas Stars Lindros, right?
Yeah.
It was still Lindros in my mind, though.
I lifted his stick up.
Oh, muscled.
Hey, next time you see the Big Easy,
maybe at the All-Star Game in Toronto,
I'll be like, hey, remember that time I old muscled you?
Suck on that one, Big Easy. Oh, fuck. Oh, the Big Easy. Maybe at the All-Star Game in Toronto, I'll be like, hey, remember that time I old-muscled you? Suck on that one, Big Easy.
Oh, fuck.
The Big Easy, I love it.
There's another team with a hell of a tandem.
The Vegas Golden Knights. They haven't
skipped a beat since winning the Stanley Cup, and they got
the two-headed monster back. I mean, I know they had
Marc-Andre Fleury and Robert Leonard a couple years
ago, but Aiden Hill, 9-2-1 in 12
starts, a 1-9-7 goals against.
9-3-2 save percentage, two shutouts.
He leads the league in the first two categories.
Logan Thompson, half that injury he got back this year,
5-3-1-9 starts, 2-3-2-9-2-2.
These guys are unreal, man.
And Logan wasn't even drafted.
Aiden Hill drafted a few years back.
This is a fucking great story.
These two goalies,
they weren't probably the most heavily recruited guys,
but chugging along right now, Vegas.
I was talking about the bargoon for Augustus in in in New York 850 I think that uh
Logan Thompson signed a three-year deal at 750 so between him and Aiden Hill you have this
unbelievable package at just under five million I believe or maybe maybe it's a little over like
to get that type of production at that number,
it's much like the Boston Bruins, man.
And that's why they're a fucking top dog.
I mean, we could talk about their strength down the middle.
We could talk about the fact that they didn't lose many guys,
how they roll four lines,
how they have an unbelievable three pairings,
although they have battled a little bit of injury on the back end.
But the thing that you need to talk
most about these top dog teams is the goaltending it's a common theme new york boston and then of
course uh the vegas gold knights and i think that we've talked enough about them but i just figured
since we were talking about the goaltending the goaltending topic these guys had to be mentioned
and if i'm not mistaken logan thompson is this year, and then they also have him next year.
He was an all-star last year.
This kind of all happened by accident with Aiden Hill.
And that whole division, I mean, the top three teams in that division right now
go over to Cam Talbot, L.A.
I mean, he's been playing out of his mind.
I know he struggled a little bit last year.
Another guy lighting up, 10-3-1, 13 starts, 2-0-2 goals against,
9-3-1 save percentage and a shutout.
I mean, he's playing out of his mind right now with that squad. L.A. is sick. Sick. That's 202 goals against 931 save percentage and a shutout. I mean, he's playing out of his mind right now with that squad.
LA is sick.
Sick.
That's my squad.
So what are they?
I think they're one point back of the division lead.
Is it two games in hand or one?
I think they're 13-3-3 right now.
They've only lost three games in regulation.
I think that...
So Vegas has the edge goaltending.
Well, Talbot's been great.
But if you're looking on paper, I think you'd take the two Vegas goalies over L.A.'s.
After that, those teams, it's like looking, it's like the Spider-Man meme.
Like they just remind me of each other a lot.
They just have big, strong forwards.
I guess the Vegas D would be a little bit bigger.
But just like how they play team defense and how every single line plays
the exact same way every night and that there's never going to be these like those two teams i'd
be very surprised if they went on like a six or seven game losing streak because they just like
bring it every night there's no nights off and now obviously you're going to lose some close games
here and there but that those two teams playing each other first off they're awesome
games and second of all if they played in the playoffs i couldn't imagine it not going seven
because it's just the same exact lineup coming at each other and and the depth on on forward for me
is the big thing so like la like fiala the other night he scored two beauties i think like you see
the locker room after seems like they like they're obviously a great group.
What you say about every winning team
is that they're probably really close.
So I guess I'm an idiot for saying that.
I don't know.
There's no weaknesses on these teams.
And then you got guys chipping in
that you didn't know what they were going to bring.
Byfield this year.
I don't know.
Was he going to make a step up?
Yup.
So now they're able to even get through some injuries.
I mean, is Arvidsson even playing yet? I don't believe he has been playing. Was he going to make a step up? Yup. So now it's like even they're able to even get through some injuries.
I mean, is Arvidsson even playing yet?
I don't believe he has been playing.
So they're going to add that fucking water bug back to this lineup?
They're deep.
They're deep.
If I was an Oilers fan, I'd be really scared of them.
So considering that you probably look at LA and Vegas as the top two teams,
I agree with you.
I'd give slight advantage in net because
they have two guys. I would say slight advantage on D, but I would probably say up front, you have
to say they're pretty even because you look at that fourth line for Vegas. That's the only thing
that LA doesn't have. They don't have a fourth line like Vegas. And as far as the other three
lines, it's like, fuck, you got wild bill. got chandler stevenson who's gonna get fucking paid this offseason and then jack eichel who's been fucking lights out too so um did you
guys see that game where he fumble fucked the the ot goal no oh it was pretty funny we had him on
post game i go yeah you look like you went to my hockey school with those fucking mitts he like
fucked it up twice but somehow it ended up in the back of the net and gave the sandbagger a nice little shout out too
he said he learned it from you at the sandbagger yeah he said he learned it from me at the bagger
so a nice little plug from jackie boy there stanley cup track being dark eichel um but i
didn't really have much else to talk about as far as the kings and golden knights just more kind of
pumping the top team's tires they just keep ch team's tires. They just keep chugging along, man.
They just keep chugging along.
And Vegas has had a little bit of a regression.
I'm sorry, Vancouver.
So, you know, I think that was to be expected, though.
I mean, they have, but they're still right there.
They're only two points behind Vegas.
Thatcher Demko, nice bounce back here for him.
We had him on the show a couple years ago.
Great kid.
Some funny stories from his time in Utica, I believe it was.
10-5 with a 2.18
goals against 9-2-5 save percentage. Already
has two shutouts. You mentioned they
come back to earth a little bit, Whit, but talk
not shy about health bombing these guys
you were saying, Biz. If guys aren't going,
you guys know no problem. Kuzomenko's getting scratched.
Kuzomenko, two straight games.
And right now, so let's
talk about Vancouver. And we're going to get to a bigger
overall picture coming right up here with Quinn Hughes and Kael McCarr.
But as far as their team's concerned,
even when dealing with injury,
they've been able to slot guys in who have contributed.
Even going back to the game the other night,
I think it was against the Kraken.
They won 5-1 or 5-2, and four of the goals were secondary scoring.
This Hoglander, did you see that hit he
put on Tanev the ref helped him off the ice I know you don't like to see turbo go down like that but
Tanev is is also built like a cigarette machine one of the best hitters in the National Hockey
League very very stocky on his feet and this hog lander there a bunch of Canucks fans underneath
they're pretty ruthless online they said no look out for the Hoglander train.
And apparently he's been trucking guys ever since he stepped in the league.
But right now he's also bringing that offense.
One other guy the Leafs let go, that Lafferty, I fucking love him.
Up and down the wing, big, strong body.
That Joshua's now coming into his own a little bit.
So for me, for thecouver canucks it's been
the talk of of jt miller uh petterson brock besser all the big dogs thatcher demko who
i texted you the one night wit like for how big he is how violently he can go post to post
like how he can push off and how athletic he is it's it's it's almost ungodly i actually even
texted uh brian boucher i
go hey like what's the deal with this guy like should goalies this big be moving like that and
he goes man it it defies science it's very oh he i'll get you the text i'll toss the he is a tank
i think the game i think the game we were watching might have been saint louis biz i remember we were
texting it was like late night on the east coast and he was kicking and he has been all year um a little a little worry for the canucks fans is like
do you almost wish heronic was playing like not this well this guy's a free agent you mean you
mean devon taves he's gonna get he's devon taves but you know you know how much money a right-handed
defenseman
who's playing the way he's playing is going to command come free agency?
I was reading something like 7.2 to 7.7 a year on a long deal.
7.6 is what Devontae's got.
I don't think he should make what Devontae's got.
I know.
But maybe he's that good.
I think that they should sign him long-term, give him term,
and try to get him in the 6-and-a-half range.
Oh, he's going to laugh at him.
But, buddy, here's the thing, though.
You don't think Devon Taves could have got more money?
You don't think Devon Taves said,
I get to play next to Kael McCarr for the next fucking four or five years?
Easy.
Just bring your lunch pail to work,
and all these flat passes are coming over what i'm saying
is like devon tate like he devon taves is a good comparable and devon taves probably took a little
less to stay there but correct you're now you're now asking you're saying heronic should take what
a million less a year than yeah because he also isn't devon he's not devon taves he hasn't he
hasn't sustained it as long as Devon Taves has sustained it,
and he also hasn't won a Stanley Cup.
There's way more intangibles that should factor into getting a long-term deal
at what Devon Taves got.
Now, just quickly going back to that Boosh text, I said,
similar to what I texted you, I go,
hope you're well, bud.
I had a goalie question.
That Thatcher Demko is big,
but his post-to-post slides are nuts.
Almost violent.
Is he a freak?
Is he the real deal?
Is his style what got him injured?
Now, sometimes because you're so violent with your activity and athleticism
that it can lead to groin problems.
Well, this was his response.
Have you seen his post-to-post hip flexion?
Covers both posts. i've never seen that
in my life it's unthinkable in some ways it's crazy as how fast mcdavid is i'm a huge fan i'm
not sure if that's what his injury issues were to be honest as you know if you're hurt you're useless
so i think many just wrote him off if if he was on the east then he'd be a big deal
in my opinion so not being talked about enough and that's some high praise from bush and a great
breakdown so um that's your demko baby probably in the top three for the vesna or i hope so live
i got a lot of dough on him i hope so okay well there you go, there you go, R.A. Fucking right. Great secondary scoring.
They're getting conscious.
And you know who the biggest genius of them all is with this Vancouver situation?
It's Accolini.
Everybody was saying sell, sell, sell, and he said fuck that,
and he got the right guy.
Just give him a five-game lose streak, and they'll be probably screaming sell, sell, sell again.
Right now he's fucking he's getting the
billionaires cut baby right now he's turning the heat off in a couple apartment complexes he owns
so suck it renters easy pump the brakes here so the main topic of conversation since we're talking
about the top dogs and we're talking about vancouver and of course we're going to talk
about colorado and this should probably be front and center as far as conversations the fact that two defensemen
who are going for the norris right now it's a two horse race you kind of wrote mccarr off about what
eight days ago and he's been well i saw you guys outline what was my quote what was my quote
oh i said i said between mccarr and Makar and Quinn Hughes and you're like oh Hughes
is gone at landslide and also nominee for the heart I would say that they're both I would say
if anything slight edge to Makar right now for the Norris and I would put them both in the heart
conversation and the reason I say that is these are defensemen that are insanely driving traffic
they're out there for more time than any other Ford. They're playing
like 25, 26, 27 minutes every night. And both of them are very competent defensively. And if
anything more so to McCarr. So both of them, in my opinion, should be top five for the heart
conversation right now. And we haven't seen a Norris race heat up this quick in probably ever.
When's the last time that two defensemen have been in this type of race
and have each hit 100 points, Ari?
Is there even a stat for that?
Yeah, no.
There's never been a season where two guys have hit,
two defensemen, I should say, hit 100 points.
That's never happened.
Ever in the history of the NHL?
Nope.
Six different defensemen have scored 100 points in a season,
but there were never two
in one season. Orr has the most.
He had 37 goals, 102
assists for 139 points in
78 games. Know what his plus minus was?
124. Yeah, I remember that.
124 is his plus minus. But it happened
15 times in total, but it never
happened with two guys in the same season. Orr did it
six times. Coffey did it five.
And then McInnes, Leach, Potvin, and Cousin all did it once.
So what are they each at a point per game right now?
Because if they stay healthy with this type of production,
and if you have those numbers ever, and I don't mean to shit on you.
I think we were in Newport, and that's when you made the comment.
And I think since.
Oh, yeah, then McCarr had 10 points in the next two games.
Do you have the numbers already?
What McCarr's done?
I never like, put it this way.
If you could start a team, I think every GM's taken Makar.
But that's like saying like, and obviously they're not the same type players.
I'm not comparing them.
But that's like when Lidstrom was winning all his Norrises, like, oh, I get Pronger.
Like, that's how good Hughes has been.
And I actually think as of right now i would
give hughes the norris i think he's i think he's playing more he has more points like i don't know
like i don't think at the end of the year it may look like that but but right now i think hughes
is the norris trophy winner macar is just i don't know i would i would even say yeah carrying the
puck he's more impressive but hughes, when he was wheeling around the other night
and then sniped that top right far side shot.
Well, I don't know.
They're like similar in a sense, but Makar's bigger,
throws bigger hits.
So if you talk about like who's got a better shot,
I think Makar's got a more lethal shot in my opinion.
Who's a better playmaker?
I think they're both elite playmakers.
You can't give one the edge
on that uh skating you have to give to makar defensively i don't know if that's that one is
that sure dude listen i love quinn can close and he can move out there he's like a little water bug
but we're talking sheer skating edge work power i mean i okay okay i'm just thinking it's similar to the playmaking like
that's how good hughes is on his feet okay so okay fine let's say even there you're not saying
macar's better or sorry you're not saying quinn hughes is better no but i'm saying he's kind of
there with them defensively full spectrum as far as uh guys out net front, closing on guys and gapping up in the neutral zone,
closing them and separating them from the puck in the defensive zone.
I think from an overall standpoint here,
we're not shitting on Quinn Hughes here.
He's incredible at it too, but Makar's better.
Well, we're comparing him to a guy who will go down
as like a top 10 defenseman ever if his continue,
if God willing he
has his health and everything like he's a freak of nature so even having the comparison and even
right now like being in the race with them is is enough said for quinn hughes but quinn hughes
numbers and like the way he controls the play it is amazing to watch and on the power play like
their power play is so lethal he's just moving around out there how
Niedermeyer used to he can be anywhere on the ice in the offensive zone but yeah Makar also kills
remember the hit he threw on Jordan Stahl Stahl's he's like 230 so yes Makar overall is a better
player but it's the fact he's that close to him, I think, is very impressive. So we might disagree on who we have in the lead right now.
That's okay.
They're both elite, right?
What was the other thing I was going to say?
Oh, but we can both agree on the fact that should they both be in the heart conversation?
I would say take one of them.
But I just, with what we've seen from Kucherov and what we've seen from pasta and and it's it's
like i i'm not throwing those two in the heart if we're talking top three if we're talking finalists
right now all right six months away all right well then i guess we can agree on this is the
most intense norris race we've seen maybe ever the fact of the fact that a defenseman hasn't won the
the heart since 2000 when prongs did is pretty wild to me.
I mean, I guess you just look at the most points and you look at the domination from the forward unit and the players at forward and you just kind of give it to one of them.
But I mean, if McCar wins an MVP at some point, I won't be surprised at all.
If there's a year to do it, it's probably this year with McDavid having a bit of a down year.
People need to start talking about Cooch.
Fucking Cooch rocks.
100 of the night.
Nobody says a word.
He's going to stroke and come in a little bit.
Biz, I know you had asked about,
has there ever been occasions where two defensemen were nominated for the hot?
It's been quite a while,
but it actually happened three times back in the 30s.
Eddie Shore and King Clancy were finalists
but they lost to Javi Morenz
that was in 1931
1934 Lionel Conacher
and King Clancy were nominated
but they lost to Aurel Joliet
I think he was that old Canadian guy
remember when he comes skating around
and he kept falling but he kept getting back up and skating
do you remember that video Whit?
No that was you at Fenway Park.
I didn't get back up, though.
And the other one, Eddie Shaw won it in 35.
And Art Coulter was a finalist as well.
Like you said, with the last D to even be a finalist was Pronga, and he won it.
Let's see, Barbier won it three times, the Hart Trophy, three years in a row.
But it's been a while, man.
I think once they kind of come out with the Norris,
that was kind of sort of like the MVP for defenseman,
I think you could kind of say.
So Vegas odds have these two guys like far and away running away with it.
It's either one of them who's favored to win it.
Yeah.
But I think we can just, you know, debating aside, we like to talk shop.
Like we're witnessing true greatness here from two great defensemen,
and it's the new wave, baby.
It's the new wave. What's the new way one of the odds right now live uh quinn uh he's the chalk right now plus 180 uh macaw's right behind him at plus 250 uh then you have dalene at 12 to 1 uh heisken in at
12 to 1 fox 20 uh theodore 22 mcavoy 22 headband 25 uh bouchard 35 dougie hamilton 40 uh but how
about this uh with macaw is the preseason favorite at plus 175.
Quinn Hughes was 16 to 1.
Fucking 16 to 1.
What he's doing right now.
So why wouldn't you, R.A., throw 10 Gs on McCaw,
5 Gs on, or maybe whatever, 10 Gs on one guy, 5 G's on the other.
And then you're, is that guaranteeing a profit or no?
Don't hurt yourself.
No, you throw the bigger money on McCarr.
You think, you know, one of these two guys is going to get it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You also probably want to turn it back and set seven when it was 16 to one.
I know.
Yeah, I think, yeah, you could take the 16 to one early
and then be laughing at me.
I mean, I just hope that we get a Western Conference final
with Vancouver and Colorado at some point
just to have those two guys going against each other
for the right to go to the Stanley Cup.
I mean, it could happen.
I mean, especially if Vegas and LA just beat the fucking wheels off each other.
Imagine that series, how heavy that series is going to be.
Oh, my God.
Lower the cage.
Biz,
I'm surprised you didn't mention
when we were talking Vancouver,
talk it with a,
not Harry Knuckles,
Harry Knuckles.
You mean Prince Harry Knuckles?
He fist bumped the fucking,
how funny is that though?
I mean,
I know he's not technically royalty anymore,
but most people get all like,
all right,
we teed you up for that joke
and you didn't even say it right.
Are you even thought of it
on the call yesterday?
You didn't say Prince Harry Knuckles.
Oh,
well,
he's not,
he's not,
but he's not a prince anymore.
He fucking,
he basically told him screw.
I know,
but come on.
Well,
I think,
I think it's better to say
instead of Harry,
Harry Knuckles.
I've been watching the crown lately.
It's actually a decent show.
I thought I would hate it.
What's that?
Oh, The Crown, yeah.
I'm into it.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
The actress who plays the queen the first season,
she's an amazing actress.
So let me ask you this.
Like, why, if they kind of denounced all that stuff,
how do they get special treatment?
Like, how does that all kind of still kind of happen?
Because they're basically celebrities,
so everyone sucks their dick, you know?
Well, Megan doesn't have one of those. i mean you know unless there's something that hasn't came out oh you know all right we'll run along um oh oh uh
there's some there's a fan base that's probably disgusted with us punching the steering wheel
angry that we have not acknowledged their existence, but here comes the mascara.
Here comes the double wrister.
The
Winnipeg Jets rear. Talk to me.
Buddy.
Colby, Armdog, Armstrong.
Before the year when we all
said these guys were dead in the water
picking them to win the division.
I thought they were going to move the team.
I thought they were going to move the team. No. with Colorado right now. I thought they were going to move the team.
Well, I mean, great stuff.
I mean, Rick Bones has come back.
His wife had a seizure, Judy.
We hope she's doing great.
Great to see Bones back.
A little clip from him on the locker room,
giving the guys hugs.
You can tell these guys have so much respect for him.
And, you know, he's blunt, man.
He tells them how it's supposed to be, how it is.
I mean, we saw what happened last year.
He stripped the captaincy. And, you know, he's the boss. But fucking Winnipeg, man. He tells them how it's supposed to be, how it is. I mean, we saw what happened last year. He stripped the captaincy and, you know,
he's the boss, but fucking
Winnipeg, man. They beat Panthers the other night.
They're just rolling. I think they've won eight of their last
ten. Adam Lowry actually
gave Bones the puck
after the game. You know, it was a nice little tribute. It was
his first game back. They actually went 9-2-2
while he was gone under Scott Alneal,
who you figure his profile will go up, too.
I mean, it's only 13 games, but you know,
the way some of these GM side coaches, he should
come up on somebody's radar, but
have you watched these guys much? I mean,
I know it's kind of late for you. I've seen
them play three games, so I'm probably
not at liberty to say like why they're playing
so well, but I just think and I
misspoke. They're tied with Dallas for second
in the central. The Avs have
a two-point lead, but
I just think it's amazing and you got to give a lot of credit to like their core because with
the way last year ended and how bonus spoke about them and then with everything that was going down
who's getting Shifley who's getting Hellebuck wow what these are going to be crazy trades
they both re-signed right before the year. What a move.
What a move that was, right?
I mean, you look now at the team,
and it just probably gave them the shot in the arm,
like, oh, we got our guys.
They're here.
They're committed to being here.
Now we got rid of, like, all that noise last year.
Probably a little unfair to Blake Wheeler to put anything on him, right?
But obviously there was, like, something that had to change,
and it's been a new beginning,
and they've just had the entire team step up.
Hellebuck, when you have,
notice every team we're talking about has a good goalie.
It's the sport, it's goaltending,
and he's been perfect.
And their D, like while not getting a lot of credit,
I watched that Brendan Dillon, man,
he'll fight a little bit older,
tough as shit physical and and josh morrissey like the numbers he's putting up last year was incredible
and then this year he's doing the same thing right around a point per game like it kind of came out
of nowhere his first few years in the league you know 30 to 40 point guy like a solid contributor
offensively but nothing like this i would love to sit down and chat
with him and kind of ask him, what changed?
What happened to your game? Did you
make some crazy improvement in one of the
off-seasons in terms of your puck
moving ability, your skating, your vision?
It's hard to kind of point it. I'm sure Jets
fans would be able to fill us in. Do we
know, how are they doing attendance-wise? You've got to think
they're bumping now on this run.
Yeah, they've gone up. I don't think they're banging out every night,
but it hasn't increased since they've been playing a lot better.
All right, so you think hopefully the fans,
if they continue to win, keep showing up
or show up a little bit more?
Because I also think for bonus, as he came back,
it's probably hard.
You can't wait to get back to work.
We're all so glad to hear his wife's doing better, but it's also like, oh, can't wait to get back to work and we're all so glad to
hear his wife's doing better but it's also like oh fuck the boys are doing so well like you got that
you got those nerves in you you don't want to show back up and all of a sudden the team flounders a
little bit so it was cool to see Lowry give him the game puck gave him a big hug so it seems like
they got a great relationship with him but that's a guy who's he's had no problem calling people out
since he's been there and it seems this year there's not much reason to call anyone out even the mason appleton's got 15
points looking at their roster right now like kind of a lot of depth there and i think as i mentioned
defensemen who don't really get much credit but just are doing their job uh definitely underestimated
their d squad and like you forget a guy like nate schmidt who went through that cup run with vegas the first year i feel like you know point two i know but yes but maybe he's fallen
into more of like a defensive role given the production from other guys like they got who'd
they get pionk they got him in that true betrayed over from new york he's a great defender i think
that dylan's another guy who just it's aging like a fine wine and beloved in the locker room and if anybody
gets hit you know he's going to answer the bell as well as uh Nikolai Ehlers have you did you see
him the other night like he's not shy a couple times a year like if one of his teammate gets
ran like he is an absolute worker bee if you watch them play too one of the best offensive
zone cycling teams out there and they're sick at that.
Shite Shifley.
They got Nita rider.
They got that Appleton.
You just mentioned like these are big fucking bodies down there.
And when you can cycle and wear teams down, that's a fucking huge lift.
And I mean, we obviously just talked about Lowry as well, but I would say that you talked about cooch probably still maybe even being one of the
most underrated players in the league there's kyle kyle fucking connor never gets mentioned
ever this guy is just an absolute fucking gamer 14 goals on the season so from a from to a man
with this team coming in i know we had a lot of question marks, but they didn't get poopy pants
with Bonus calling them out last year
about how they fizzled out
and they didn't have enough guys pulling the rope.
And, you know, with the,
you discussed maybe the issues in the locker room
that they were talking about last year.
It seems like they figured those out
and it's all systems go right now in Winnipeg.
So there's your fucking double wrister.
I don't know what else we can say
in order to pump your guys' tires.
We could say it was the third line that we should have mentioned.
We mentioned all of them, but it's Lowry with Niederreiter and Appleton
just bringing the thunder.
Lowry will fight.
He'll run people over.
Power forward, as R.A. said.
The saying's new.
The saying's somewhat new.
And then Perfetti, another high draft pick.
Saginaw Spirit.
Saginaw Spirit, eh, Biz?
Seven goals, ten assists this year.
He's finally finding his groove.
Yeah.
Tenth overall pick three years ago, four years ago.
So it's pretty cool to see, considering the expectations are super low.
Now, not to be a downer, they kind of remind me a little bit of the Wild the past two years.
Where you're like, fuck, I don't want to play them in the first round,
but I don't think they'll compete for the Stanley Cup.
But at the same time, so many people counted them out,
including all of us besides Armdog.
So the fact they're doing this, good for the coaching staff,
good for the players to get the new life in the room
and to have some success.
That's an awesome story.
I love it.
I love it.
I know there
was a lot of winnipeg fans all over me in my dms about not talking about them enough so really i
hope that we've done any smoke bombs though what do you mean no no fucking walter from fucking
winnipeg just working at the john deere factory i know as early you said we got some fan calls
we're gonna have later in the episode we also when we were in newport beach in california a working at the John Deere factory. I know, Biz, earlier you said we got some fan calls
we're going to have later in the episode.
We also, when we were in Newport Beach in California
a couple weeks ago, Alex Colon,
we didn't even have him planned originally,
but a big friend of the program.
I think this was the sixth time.
I think he might have the record,
or at least tie for appearances on Chicklets.
We're going to bring him on shortly,
but we've been talking about the U.S. Thanksgiving playoff stuff.
Well, 75 of the teams roughly in playoff position Thanksgiving make the playoffs.
Of course, you know, this was an early Thanksgiving.
It was the 24th, so that week can make a huge difference.
But in the East, Boston, Florida, Tampa, top three in the Atlantic,
Rangers, Caps, Canes in the Metro, and then Toronto and Detroit were the wildcard.
Out West, you had Dallas, Colorado, Winnipeg,
Vegas, Vancouver, LA.
And then you had St. Louis, Seattle as the wild cards.
Which two teams won't be there and who might replace them if you have a take?
So in the East,
mad respect to the Philadelphia Flyers,
but I don't think they'll be in.
I think the Penguins will slide in there.
And then other than that, I think...
Not New Jersey? Washington? No, I think Jersey will get in. So I there. And then other than that, I think that's...
Washington?
No, I think Jersey will get in.
So I shouldn't have said other than that.
I think Jersey and Pittsburgh ends up getting in.
The problem is, oh, man, Philly's out, but who else is coming out?
Maybe Detroit, but I'm getting closer to hopping on this Detroit train.
I love this team.
And then, yeah, I don't think Washington makes it.
I think Washington's done a hell of a job considering I said they stink and they're like 14 and one.
Since I said that it's a giant fuck you to me,
which I get quite,
quite often in my life.
But I don't,
I don't,
they're not in right now.
I don't think they get in.
So say Pitt and Jersey gets in,
say the flyers and man,
I might have to say the Wings.
I'm not prepared to say my other team.
I'm not prepared to say.
In the West, Biz, you take the West first.
Yeah, I'll take the West.
I'm going to say Edmonton is for sure going to make playoffs.
And I want to say that right now St. Louis is in.
Yes.
You were jaw dropped.
I'm going to say this until I'm blue in the face.
I have major 2019 St. Louis Blues vibes from the Edmonton Oilers.
I just think for whatever reason, they get a hot goaltender
and their offense starts clicking and it just
rainbows are being shot under their ass and it's happy days in Edmonton.
That's just my theory.
And am I right?
Is St. Louis currently in the playoff position?
Yes.
And I would take them out. And I think that other than that i i don't have anybody making it east i think
that new jersey is going to make playoffs and take out i don't want to go i i believe and love my
caps i could see them being the team that comes out especially they're not even in right now though oh caps aren't okay never mind uh let's i can't answer east yet either r.a. fuck yeah i mean i can't
say either well the caps they're only a point behind philia they got like four games in hand
on them so i i would like to go quickly though back to winnipeg saying that ayah fallow is still
finding his groove with winnipeg and velarde hasn't played. So they have so many fucking good players
that it's almost like we forget about
and I don't know, man.
That could be, I mean, what were they coming
into the season before those guys signed?
They probably were one of the cheapest
tickets, no?
As far as what?
Like betting on them to win the Stanley Cup
before those two guys were signed.
They would have had incredible obs.
Probably, what, 50 to 1 maybe?
40 to 1?
Around there, I'd say, I guess.
Quickly, in terms of Detroit, Alex Lyons doing this again is nuts.
That he's come in, he's just lighting it up isn't the right term for a goalie,
but the guy's kicking.
He didn't even play at the beginning of the year.
He could just wait around
and wait around.
Boom.
Maybe he's their guy.
Detroit's riding him.
Making mincemeat
out of the Bruins
twice this year.
Twice, yeah.
Yeah, we had two
up until the other day.
The only two losses
they had in regulation,
but all right, boys,
let's send it over
to Alex Colon.
Great chat with him.
He signed with Anaheim
in the offseason,
so send it over to Killer.
Yeah, this is a great talk.
A pro's pro.
A guy who, while joking around, me and Biz were mentioning after,
like a serious guy.
You could tell why he's had so much success.
And I love when he comes on because you get really insightful answers.
And we were able to go into the exit from Tampa.
We were able to go into some players there.
And then how things are looking in Anaheim and how his summer went,
playing in the Celebrity Classic in Lake Tahoe. So enjoy Alex Killorn right now.
This interview is brought to you by Chevy. Chevy has convenient ways to research and shop electric
vehicles online. They make it very easy for the customers. And when researching, utilize Chevy
MyWay. Vehicle specialists and hosts give a virtual tour and help answer your questions of all vehicles.
And when you're ready, you're able to buy online by reviewing available EV inventory or build your own at participating dealers.
You can do as much or as little of the buying process online with help from a participating dealer.
You can configure finance and lease payments, apply for credit,
upload documents, and finalize your purchase through our secure checkout process. And you
can even schedule vehicle delivery at home or at the dealership. Imagine that, just scheduling the
delivery and counting down the days till your Chevy EV truck gets pulled in the driveway and
it's all yours. If you'd prefer to purchase the traditional way in person, their nationwide dealer network is available to help as well.
That's not to mention all the different charging stations
all across North America with more coming day by day.
Learn more at chevy.com slash electric.
That's chevy.com slash electric.
All right, the boys are here in Southern California,
Orange County business, they call it,
because there was a town named Orange here.
We have, for the fifth time, it could be a record,
definitely tying a record, Alex Colon,
first year in the Anaheim area, Anaheim Ducks.
You guys are playing all right lately.
I was at the game the other night.
The crowd was looking pretty hopping.
How's it been so far, buddy?
It's been good.
You know, it's been somewhat of a change.
You play in Tampaa for 11 years and
you kind of think you're going to end up retiring there just to kind of get flipped on you real
quick but um it's been great listen um to start the season there's been it's been exciting because
we have so many young players that have been doing so well guys that when i signed i didn't really
know about you know like this mintikov um knew about carl we didn't know know about, you know, like this Mintikov. Knew about Carlson. We didn't know about him either.
Did you guys not?
No, we don't really follow the prospects.
Well, when you're playing, you know how it is.
I mean, I didn't really know who the guys were drafting
and how good they were.
And there's even more guys coming up.
There's a kid in the NHL who's really good.
So basically from training camp, you're like,
oh my God, this team stocked and loaded
in the next couple of years.
For sure.
And like the GMs and the assistant GMs were always, they would always talk about the pipeline so strong in Anaheim.
But for me, I don't know what that means.
Does that mean like three years they're going to be playing and then they're playing this year and they're doing well.
So for God, I mean, we have a new coach coach kind of a different culture for the for the older
guys that have been here in anaheim you know guys like henrique silverberg um cam fowler guys that
have been here for a long time i think it's a nice change for them to get a new coach just a new voice
in the locker room i don't know how has he heard of sunscreen your coach i like i like i think he's
a surfer have you seen this guy's tan oh yeah so i was like a fucking tomato
in those post-game press conferences like a kelly slater look that's an irish guy man you know we
gotta be careful out here in the no but i um he's a surfer he was one of the that was apparently
he serves yeah apparently yeah he was the he was one of the original coaches at the national
development program when that started yeah and i remember guys saying he was intense right and then he's been what we talked about on the anaheim preview like they were staying
at the baza at camp that's how intense he is they had the baza going yeah the rush the russian vibe
but um you know we were talking basically about he's gonna kind of have guys accountable and yeah
it's it's probably been different there the past few years so i think you're you coming from a cup champ all those years of success you're seeing like this is kind of what
you need almost yeah what you do need it to kind of change the culture that's been there for me
it's been a it's been a big change because it's just such a younger team when you get to play
like in tampa and we were you know going on all those cup runs you know we didn't we didn't
practice like we do like we do here and we practice
really hard he holds guys accountable he's really honest with guys um a lot of the younger guys so
he just he just and the reason he does it he's just trying to get a little bit more out of everyone
but he can be super intense like i remember when i was at harvard he was at northeastern and i was
like who's this guy on the bench he was why it looks like a wwe wrestler
no he just he's super intense yeah he's gonna you know i mean he's barking out there screaming
sometimes he's screaming yeah at the refs too yeah he got to he got fined 25 000 dollars a day
buddy he wasn't happy about that that's a lot of dough because they're probably first time first
time head coach he's 60 years old. He doesn't look 60.
He doesn't look 60.
He looks great.
60?
I seen him last night.
I would have thought he was younger.
He's a unit.
Yeah, he's a unit.
Yeah, he's intense.
But I'm surprised you don't have more stories about him being from Boston.
No, I heard guys just said he was an animal.
And when they were working out every day, he's up there.
He's powering weights.
He's expecting guys.
Someone challenges you.
Give it back.
He was a lot to play for.
But I mean, that's 98.
So looking now, it's probably,
he's been around long enough
that it's changed a little bit,
but more than most new age coaches,
I mean, he's 60, he's giving it to guys.
Yeah, he's giving it to guys.
But I think he has evolved
from the guy that you've probably heard of. And yeah, he's been it to guys yeah he's giving it to guys but i think he has evolved from the guy that
you've probably yeah heard of and yeah he's he's been great for us um holding guys accountable is
huge i know that was kind of a problem in the past with this team so it seems like but for a young
guy like i want to talk about this mctavish kid like he doesn't really seem like a kid that you
have to like mold into to play in the right way and having a hard
on him he seems like a fucking grizzled vet right away yeah he's built like that too he's just a big
boy he's kind of the guy that you have to like pull the reins back on like like after practice
it's been like 30 minutes everyone's gone like get off the ice you know like we got a game tomorrow
that's kind of you know his mindset he he plays he plays really hard he's kind of got that like
i mean i haven't been here a long time but kind of that like clutch gene a little bit where you
know maybe if things aren't going well for him in the game he gets the puck on a stick he scores
and you know i think he i don't know if you guys watched he had the game winner in boston it seems
like he's been getting a lot of game winners so yeah late goals yeah was did he score one an ot
or was it a late one when he was at home?
He got an OT winner.
Pittsburgh?
No.
Was it net front?
Yeah, Pittsburgh, he got the tying goal,
and then he got the winner out of the penalty box.
Okay.
So he scored two to end up winning that game.
Yeah, he's a bulldog out there.
And Leo Collison, a guy, well, the pod's been big on him
because of Merle's.
I was at the game last night, his very first hat trick in the NHL.
This kid is special. You can tell right away. Yeah. of Merle's. I was at the game last night, his very first hat trick in the NHL. This kid is special.
You could tell right away.
Yeah, was Merle's always talking him up?
Like, even over Fantilli?
Yeah, 100.
Oh, he was saying, like, over Bedard.
He thinks this kid.
And actually, a buddy at home said to me, it's like Matt Sundin.
Like, he's just this big, powerful center.
And then the news broke. I don't know if it was necessarily like breaking news but we talked
to his agent and when they were sitting him out a little he my agent yeah oh yeah i'm sorry yeah
cater yeah so he said um he's grown his bones are still growing so it's like that's hilarious so he
said okay so he went in practice he was doing a one-on-one he flew into the boards like bumped
his hip.
He ends up getting an x-ray and the doctor's like, your growth plates
aren't fully... You've got a couple inches left in you.
He's like 6'4".
We learned he's still growing.
I think with him,
the ceiling is so high.
I didn't realize he was
as good of a skater as he is.
Once he gets the puck in the middle
and he gets going, he's tough to stop. I think he's just going to keep getting better i played with him
last game you know it was a treat he scored a hat trick i mean took me 600 games to get one
troy terry too right troy terry yeah yeah because i mean pat verbeek i was told if if if you guys
weren't getting bardad he was number number two no matter what like they were taking carlson
regardless of where they were picking if they didn't get Bardot so
have you seen the results so far Biz? Did you have something?
No no I was just listening to you explain that
Frankie Vetrano
I mean he's a Massachusetts guy
How about his tattoo?
Which one?
The skyline of Springfield Massachusetts
You haven't seen it yet?
I didn't know it was Springfield
Ask him about it yeah Keith Yano told me.
The name's probably faded at this point.
He made him show us his tattoo at Lincoln in South Boston.
He's like, show him that tattoo.
He's like, yeah, boom.
Springfield mask.
The idea.
Yeah, he's got a couple of tats.
He's been great.
What is he, like leading the NHL?
Very intense guy once he gets the jersey on.
Vetrano?
Yeah. I think that's why gets the jersey on. Vetrano? Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that's why Crow really likes him.
Okay.
They kind of got that similar pit bull mentality.
But he's been good.
I mean, listen, he scored nine goals in I don't know how many games we've played,
but that's pretty good.
So he's got a great shot, and he's probably the fastest skater on our team.
When you talk about like Crider,. You talk about like rider, powerful,
like one point to another,
he's incredibly fast.
When your agent called this summer and said that he had four years at six a year,
were you shocked?
A little bit.
I mean...
Not to chirp you, dude.
I thought that that was one of the best
like free agent contracts all summer.
But to get six years,
I was like that's...
No, four years.
Four years at six a year.
Sorry.
24.
Six and a half. Yeah, yeah. five six two five that's over 20 i knew there was a little more there that's how we got the watch that's how we got the watch no so this is my
first time going through free agency and i i had no idea what to expect um yeah then that's the
beauty of free agency you hold all the the leverage, you know, everyone's
battling over you. And I was kind of worried at the beginning of the year thinking I was going
to free agency just because the cap wasn't going to move. And I was on those calls being like,
Hey, we got to get the cap up. Like, come on, please just get it up like a million.
But, uh, the cap just wasn't going to to move so there just wasn't a lot of money in
the system and like a lot of guys as you know um you know weren't able to get great deals i was
fortunate senko took a one-year deal bertuzzi took a one-year deal like those are some pretty
fucking good players like you're talking about guys that have scored a lot of more goals than i
have yeah um if we're being honest cups yeah but cups matter but yeah it was i mean we knew the number was
going to be maybe not that high that was a little higher but you know anaheim in the position that
they were at they kind of had to offer that you must have been going fucking nuts man i know sad
to leave tampa it was sad to leave yeah it was like kind of a morning process because i wanted
to stay in tampa i really did and we actually we tried to make it work. And it was close to working,
but it's just with the salary cap not going up,
it kind of, there's just, there wasn't any money.
If it was next year, it wouldn't work.
If there was no COVID, I probably would still be there.
Yeah, there's not even money for Stamkos right now.
Oh, here we go.
No, so I was, Biz mentioned the Tampa thing.
And when did,
was it right before July 1st
that it was over?
Or was it actually
even a couple weeks
before you knew
you weren't going to be back there?
I, July 1st
was the right before July 1st
is when I made my decision.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it was down,
it was down,
when I say down on the wire,
it was like down on the wire it was like
down on the wire yeah oh all right so oh you're calling them back when they're oh okay there was
a lot there was a lot going on behind the scenes but how stressful is that stressful i would like
i would never i mean are you with your wife just like yeah hanging at home all day but excuse me
yeah we were hanging out all day and i didn't know when it was when the calls were going to
come in i mean they can you know typically it's it doesn't happen july 1st in the morning it's
you know you get some whispers the day before or whatever but yeah it was pretty stressful like i
wouldn't i mean i'm complaining about this great contract but you know what i mean it was a
stressful moment for sure i don't i don't think uh i don't think people give you a hard time
considering what you'd been through with tampa. It's not like you were bouncing around.
I can only imagine the time it took you to call every single one of your teammates
and explain the decision and how it was going and rekindle all the memories and all of it.
It's like a breakup.
Yeah, but a lot of them I was calling to figure it out kind of situation.
And they all knew what was going on.
They say if you restructure, Cooch, then we can make this work. to like figure it out kind of situation and they all knew what was going on they had yeah they say
if you restructure coach that we can make this work you just gotta cut your salary by four
million you should be able to restructure in the nhl you better get me a fucking better
but like the motherfucker yeah exactly but no they they were a huge part of it and they and
they understood like they get it they're you know they've all gone through it and like
they're gonna have to
go through it you know some of those guys in the next couple years so uh well you must have other
suitors no other than anaheim and tampa yeah there were i mean i won't go i'm not gonna go into like
the details of every team that was was offering and stuff there were a couple teams anaheim was
the best offer yep um and yeah i mean there was a lot that went into it i think you know lifestyle you got how
long you guys been here for like in this town yeah we're older we got here uh probably seven
hours ago okay so you guys haven't really been able to enjoy it the weather here i put it is
unbelievable you've played here um it's a joke yeah every single day is when you said it was
yeah 75 and sunny it's just like yeah yeah it's like every single day is when you said it was yeah 75 and sunny it's just like yeah yeah it's
like every single day is the exact same even tampa gets like the storm season and you know
yeah you get the storm and i live in tampa so the summers there are kind of like too hot kind of too
hot and it rains every day yeah here it's just like 75 and sunny every day yeah good groundhog
day yeah exactly it's no it's beautiful out here. I can't not let you pass it.
I'll give a little double rest to my boy, Coop.
I mean, now that you're not with him anymore, not to dish new coach.
How good of a coach is he and how much of a motivator is he for the whole squad?
You know, he's great.
And I was watching the Carolina-Tampa game before I came here.
And, like, it's pretty impressive the longevity he's had with that team because
as you know coaches their messages like they can kind of get tiring over time and
after a certain amount of time teams kind of fade you out and for him to be there I think it's his
12th year longest in the league yeah super impressive and to continue to get the results
out of those guys and you know I get that deal with Anaheim this summer,
and, like, a huge part of that is him playing me,
us winning as much as we did.
I wouldn't have got that deal if it wasn't for that.
So I owe him a ton, and, you know,
I hope he continues to coach there and do well.
What is it that he does so well that makes you guys
still want to play from 12 years in?
You know, everyone talks about him being a player's coach.
I just think he kind of understands when to push buttons
and when not to push buttons.
He understands.
We were an older team that had played a ton of hockey.
He wasn't practicing against us every day.
He was giving us days off.
He just kind of understands and feels the team.
I always say he's a great manager of people,
and not even just players but coaches too
like he really knows how to manage people better than he is kind of like a an x's and o's guy you
know like they say CEOs are really just good at managing people and I think that's kind of his
greatest skill um when you signed that deal was it kind of like vocalized like we're gonna want
you to come in here and establish a culture and take on more of that role
where like did you feel not a pressure but do you feel that you have to like reach out and spend
more time with the young guys as opposed to just worrying about your own game that's a good question
i i think that's a huge reason why they did sign me and they they made that you know clear that
they wanted an older veteran guy that can play top six minutes
help out offensively but also a guy because there's going to be a lot of young guys coming
up that could kind of help them i mean you know the fact that i've been to you know whatever four
cup finals we ended up winning two just kind of you know those experiences can help out a team
a ton i mean guys guys give me crap because Crow mentions it like every two meetings
that I've won two cups.
He like mentions it at every meeting.
So guys, that's like, they just jab me every day.
It's like, killer's got two cups, guys.
That's the shit that makes me miss being in a locker room.
You know, every day, just guys giving it to each other.
But yeah, they let me know.
That's funny.
With Vasilevsky
right we saw him he's out right now but he plays so much and i hate to go back to tampa obviously
but cut the cord whip no no but i'm curious like did guy that's good were guys like almost telling
him like or asking him why do you play so much take a little time off or is he just kind of wired
that way you can't really tell him much, to be honest.
So he's like, Coop, I'm playing.
Yeah.
All right.
There you go.
That's kind of cool.
No, it was like they did pull it back.
And like he would never, if ever the score got out of hand,
he's never coming out of a game for the most part.
They never pull him.
Well, they tried to, but he's like, no, you can't pull me. No that he's well they tried to but he's he's like no you can't pull me no he's
just different i mean he i've never seen a guy that prepares the way basilewski prepares and
i said it on another podcast the other day but at one point he was getting to the rink like four
hours before a game and if you're playing i don't know how many games he would play it just kind of
mentally you go to like those three cups and you're there at the arena all day i think like our team guy was like hey
maybe just show up like two hours before and i think that helped him out of time just because
he cares so much um and he was so dialed in it was like just kind of like relax a little bit and
i think this time off is gonna be good for nervous system exactly that's what it is because
it's more mentally draining yeah when you're there it's like you're there's something inside
of you is on maybe it's not on like you're on the ice ready to play the game but it's firing right
and all that time and that amount of time i get a certain point it's just like it's going to wear
down it just wears nothing again that's you that's just human that's being a human yeah it just wears
on you like i always talk about
those everyone talks about how physically tough going to those three finals were was like mentally
it was it was a lot harder especially the covid bubble and then going straight into another season
and i think for him i could have like four bad games and no one would notice you know whereas
if he doesn't play well everyone notices and it's
a lot of it lies on him so he's so he's so hard and he takes he takes the game so seriously so
i think him having this time even though they had a long summer just because of the playoffs last
year if they can find a way i think and they will get into the playoffs and arrested vasilevsky
is gonna be pretty dangerous that nobody's like that's what coop said what did he say the other day we're still relevant like it's
one of those things for sure now i know you i don't they said you mentioned the word mentor
when they signed you i know you're not that fucking old but like when you come in the league
did you have a guy on the team are you really yeah 34 wow the league's getting so young too
that's just like crazy to think about that must about. We have six or seven guys under 22 on our team.
Holy shit, wow.
So, I mean, when you came in the league,
there must have been guys in the locker room who were sort of mentors to you,
like take you into the league.
What kind of things did you learn from them, and what guys did you learn from?
Well, there were some guys I should have looked up to,
and some guys I shouldn't have followed around.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I had Bugsy, Bugsy Malone, Teddy Purcell.
Oh, no.
Nate Thompson. Oh, God. And those guys were were great I had a lot of fun with them but I also had Marty St. Louis and like Vinny LeCavalier um you know Marty St. Louis was such a
such a good leader and him being the coach in Montreal is great to see right now I love playing
with him just a guy who kind of has such a presence in the room yeah did you know he was going to be a head coach when you play with
him 100 yeah yeah he was coaching while he was he was like a player coach for us kind of
at certain points like he'd be running the power play meetings he'd be like give it to me and then
if even if you have an option you give it right back to me if you don't you're off the fucking
power play he'd always say
just look for the yellow stick it doesn't matter that's true yeah the yellow stick that's amazing
that's amazing uh let's talk more shift back over to anaheim uh cam fowler's a guy who's been here
a while uh not only a stick on the golf course but probably a guy because of the teams they've
had and hidden away in anaheim doesn't get talked about enough yes unbelievable
player i think and it's great for to see the team i mean it's early days but kind of see the team
kind of making a change and in a turn kind of starting to build a different culture for him
because he's been you know he's been here when it was kind of great and then he's kind of been
been here when it started to go a little bit south. And great player.
It's crazy.
He had his 900th game the other day.
I don't know how old he is.
I think he's like 32.
No, he's one of those young guys who got there.
Kind of like a classic.
Yeah, and he's just been playing.
He plays so many games.
Really impressive guy.
I've played with guys like Hedman who are just horses on the ice.
And he kind of is similar to him in that sense.
Great player. And yeah, 900 games is super impressive have you uh have you played golf against him yeah who who won
he's pretty he's good i know you're a legit goal yeah i i mean he's got i played i'm trying to
think of the game we played it wasn't a one-on-one game um but he's got some he's got some serious
game yeah it's just it's with all these these guys, I don't have any kids yet,
so I have such an upper hand on these guys.
All summer, that's all I do.
And they're babysitting.
So I was a guy who used social media quite a bit when I played in the NHL,
and sometimes it could benefit me, sometimes it could hinder me,
and it would be a distraction.
Look at you now.
gel and sometimes it could benefit me sometimes it could hinder me and it would be a distraction look at you now have you have you had a chat with zegras about like how his popularity and
everything he's got going off the ice and maybe how to hone it in a more positive way where there's
a time and in space and for it not to be maybe a distraction and that's not even saying it is i'm
just asking from a guy who's playing with him to be managing everything he is at such a young age for sure and i when i got in the league i remember and i don't know how it was
for you but when i started posting on instagram the older guys in the locker room just gave it
to me oh yeah like you post a picture with your girl oh anything like yeah like why are you posting
on instagram it's like how's your girl doing it's like i broke up with
her because you guys were chirping me about my instagram photo exactly but um he's actually
pretty good about that stuff i mean i don't know if you guys know he's date i mean yeah
but um yeah he gets he's got a his fan base has grown yeah a ton because of that um but no he he's on
top of that i don't think he cares too much about the social media stuff to be honest um yeah so
okay another signing i guess sorry to put you on the spot no no i just don't have it yeah one thing
about hockey is like how you can go from like hated rivals to teammates so quickly another guy
who signed uh radko gudas man that. Obviously, a hat you just bury right away.
How's that? What's he like in the room?
I played with
Goody in Tampa my first year.
You want to call the cup
together with Coop. You guys were at the
beach together, weren't you? Getting the tans
where Coop said, then you guys were
in the paper? He was so angry.
We were in the exhibition game, Blues
versus Lightning inlando in 2014
when he ran over tarasenko were you in that game well no i was on a trial i was in that game and
i'm yeah it was in orlando and it was tampa i was definitely playing i didn't know saint it was saint
louis yeah yeah we played tampa and and and i was like who the hell is that? Like Tarasenko's a truck. Truck. It must have been his first year or two, I think.
Yeah, his first year was 2013 maybe, 2012.
Yeah, that's when it was.
2013.
It was 2013 camp.
Yeah, he's, the crazy part with him
is like his game has not changed
since he's like been like 19 years old.
You know, usually guys evolve
and they kind of,
they become a little bit less
physical he's it seems like he's become more physical and like in practice you're always like
you're doing a one-on-one drill if you ever take him wide you're like he doesn't run me into the
goalie but um he also has the hardest slot i mean recorded slap shot you know they do that like
analytics they track it right he's got a he's got a cannon but
yeah he was my first roommate and it's funny because i know labrie was on your guys podcast
he's a funny it was me him and labrie um in tampa together in a in a honda nacho so was that when he
started getting called nacho nacho yeah oh nacho libre oh man that guy's a beauty uh what else you
know that stuff i
know it's only a quick hit not a usual flight no yeah i mean it's your fifth time i think terry
ryan's the only other guy who's been on five times yeah we've covered the golf we've covered all the
teammates we were talking about the tahoe no oh yeah he played in that celebrity classic tourney
and didn't you get a hole in one oh curry i was in his group when curry got the hole in one what's
he like as a guy oh that's right that's gotta be you were right in the hunt for that yeah you were
i was for like a cup of coffee wasn't nosed on your bag yeah so do you know you guys know you
know you must know colt nosed oh yeah i know from arizona yeah what was the connection to the podcast
so colt brendan morrow laying up what's's their podcast called? No, it's... Fuck me.
Subpar.
Subpar.
Subpar.
Great podcast.
Sleaze.
That guy's a stick.
Really good player.
And Colt Nose used to play on tour
and then now is doing commentating for the tour.
He had the record at the waist management
for the lowest round, I think.
Yeah.
It just got beat this past year
okay he was in his golf cart watching it and he like threw his his phone when it happened but
either way he i knew him through brendan morrow brendan morrow played with us in the lightning
and colt was doing the val spar and he wanted to come see a lightning game i got him tickets we
ended up grabbing a couple drinks and then he was in tahoe covering it covering it doing a sponsored event and we're
at the range and my buddy i was gonna bring my buddy from home just it's cool event you're with
so many celebrities my buddy ended up coming but his knee he like tore his mcl or something so he
couldn't walk he's like i'll walk some of the days i'm like no i need a caddy who's gonna be with
the whole time colt jumped in um and we got off to like a hot start you were in the lead in the lead i think
it was i looked at you can look at the scoreboard oh my god points so par two points is it based on
your handicap no no no oh wow two points a par to correct me if i'm wrong four points a birdie
eight points an eagle one point a bogey zero points double so you never lose points right
you lose points for double that's why some guys
are like yeah so there's minus all right the only it's minus two for a double it's zero for a bogey
oh all right then you get one point for a par so either way the guy i looked at his card he had a
lot of points he shot like one under or something i was like holy shit he's gonna fucking win this
thing but what is it three rounds three rounds and you've played in some competitive
golf tournaments i've never played in a competitive golf tournament in my life and i come out firing
i never i didn't get practice round in and this is at edgewood like poana greens i just played i
played really well and i remember the um me and colt were i think it was called like whatever
there's a bar that everyone went to
Charles Barkley everyone hanging out having a great time
and we see the matchups
for day two it's like me, Steph Curry
and Pavelski
and now I'm kind of like
I'm in one and I still
we were having some drinks I was like oh it's going to be great
you know when you're like hitting the ball well you're like
I'm going to be great tomorrow
it's going to be awesome
did you meet Curry before the round or right at the first
tee i read no i tell the driving range you know colt knows everyone so colt goes up to him starts
like breaking him breaking his balls a little bit but um i talked to him i was so nervous oh you
think like really yeah yeah it's stiff curry's probably the most notable athlete on the planet
other than messy right and he's nasty yeah and it wasn't so much playing with curry it was like
everyone in the world's watching me right now and i was watching yeah so and then the people that
like the tournament can be very different like the guys like josh allen patrick mahomes like
kelsey like they just have a blast.
They don't care what they shoot.
They have a good time.
They're drinking.
And then there's the other guys like Curry, Mulder.
Marty Fish.
Marty Fish.
They're there to win.
Marty Fish are there to win.
Romo's there, right?
Marty Fish, the old tennis player.
Yeah, he's sick.
I don't know if you guys saw what happened in the last hole.
Did you see that?
Someone yelled in his backswing. He was in the lead.
Oh no. And he shanked it.
Did he fucking snap?
Steph Curry snapped too.
Because Steph Curry was second
and he was, you know,
he obviously didn't want to win like that.
It was a par five. To give Curry credit,
he still made an eagle on a par five to win.
But, you know, if Marty Fish makes a birdie on it on it's like a short par five he ends up winning so it kind of sucked in that sense but the event itself was awesome i was with curry the the crowds
that follow curry there like would rival pga tour crowds like it's it crazy. And he gets the hole-in-one, and I'm with him.
Oh my god.
So I was playing so bad that I'm hitting
third all day, and he goes second.
He hits the hole-in-one.
Me and Pavelski look at each other,
and he's running, so we just
follow him. So we all ran up to
the green, and then my caddie Colts
ran up. He's like, dude, you gotta go back and hit.
I didn't hit. I forgot to to hit i was celebrating with curry so then i go yeah and then i go back
it's like a walk of shame like yeah tell me did you get the green yeah sprints back but then
curry goes back to and he's doing an interview right at the front of the t-box to the left
and i'm like colt i can't hit right now like i'm not playing great if i shank one off steph
curry's head after he got a whole one this tournament but i actually hit a good one because
no one was watching me at that point they're all watching the interview but that that was one of
the coolest experiences of my life playing with steph curry and his whole like being a part of
his hole-in-one and that celebration uh it was a part of his whole in one and that celebration.
It was really cool.
Well, how did you get into that tournament?
Yeah,
it's a great story.
Actually,
I remember I told you guys are kind of,
well,
not really part of it.
I told Erica Nardini one time,
I said,
if you could ever do anything for me,
try to get me in this golf tournament.
And she was like,
oh yeah,
I don't know.
She didn't know.
I had a buddy reach out to me to say that he can get you in that
tournament. You should. I mean, no, we don't know. She didn't know. I had a buddy reach out to me to say that he can get you in that tournament.
You should.
I mean, no, we didn't.
No.
When you mentioned on the podcast, you said that.
And I want to play in that tournament.
That looks like the most fun tournament in the world.
All right.
Well, go ahead.
So I interrupted you to tell my part of the story.
Like, you would be great.
You would love this tournament.
And like you said, it's a really hard tournament to get into.
You look at like Aaron Rodgers, Pat McAfee.
It's a superstar field.
But there are a lot of no names that are probably it's time to like maybe.
But I think once you're in.
Yeah, I don't know if it's once you're in, but if you've gone a couple times.
You're in.
Once you don't go, you never get invited back.
So everyone just keeps going. I think there's different rules for like curry that's
how the jerry bruckheimer went yeah exactly so if you don't come back but so for me the way i got in
was nbc sports was filming a curling tournament in raleigh north carolina in a it was like four
summers ago it was a curling tournament four teams each team had one
NHL guy one women's league player and two Olympic curlers so they could kind of help us out and it
was like me Slavin Pavelski and Roenick and uh does JR play in that yeah well he used to so this
is kind of part of the story so we they couldn't find any nhl player to go to carolina in the summer to
film this thing over three weeks it was going to play in between playoff games so that you know
the dead air they would kind of just fill it in and um i told them like you know i'll go do it i
just want to play in the tahoe and they said sure you come do this you'll play in the tahoe and it
ended up never i won the tournament but it never ended up um airing because of jr and mbc
they had their whole thing oh yeah so so but if that was four years ago this was your first year
yeah so it's because i went to the cup every year i'm like so i was winning cups sorry sorry
four years and then i which probably didn't hurt the fact that they got you in there okay we got
this two-time stanley cup champion like everyone hockey guys compared like it's it's it's a pretty cool field you guys get gooned up
oh she's in it oh she's in it and i'll give osha a lot of credit because i played with him the
first day and i was so nervous i've never played like competitive golf on tv and he was the best
he was like when i made a birdie he was giving me like shots he was jumping best. He was like, when I made a birdie, he was giving me like shots. He was jumping all over me.
That's awesome.
He was just giving me good vibe.
Yeah.
And then he was in the lead of the whole tournament.
And he goes, I hate these next fucking three holes.
And he ended up just.
Double and a double.
Double, double, double.
But he's kind of a legend in that tournament.
Like, I remember because he's been there a bunch of times.
Like, Miles Teller was like, hey. Oh, he's the guy who gets so buckled at night at the bar like they're just like oh yeah i mean
last night but he plays like this like it's kind of he's got a lot of swag got a lot of swag but
he kind of doesn't care what people know he's like it's natural swag and he he would set up
these like baseball games you ever played like it's like a um it's like a beer game that kids would play in college it's called baseball yeah either way
already knows the oldest guy here he used to do it with he used to always like base coke but like
but like all these huge all these huge celebrities yeah all these huge celebrities were like miles
teller were like you think osha is going to set up the baseball tonight?
And everyone was talking about it.
And we ended up playing, I think, Baker Mayfield.
A bunch of guys came out, and it was a ton of fun.
But OSHA couldn't care if any celebrity came.
He'd be doing that with his buddies at home.
He was.
And a bunch of guys came, and it was a ton of fun.
That's awesome. A little dirt here.
Ask about the Quiet Woman restaurant down there
if he's checked it out yet.
The Quiet Woman?
The Quiet Woman restaurant.
Yeah, there's not a ton of spots to go out and grab drinks,
but that's one of them,
and it's walking distance from where I live.
It's kind of a...
Oh, that's a dream.
Yeah, like a cougar type.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, hey.
You know what?
They film all those real housewives out here,
and it seems like it's kind of a hot spot.
The address is like wazing in right now.
I got to look at a text.
Saturday night, right?
Actually, the bar down here is...
I come back from the game last night.
It was jamming.
I got this one.
I'll try and sneak out.
You guys should do Whaler.
Whaler is a good one, too.
There's so much puss there.
And the last line is, if you're into that whaler's fun i mean i just got here so i'm kind of learning the getting a feel for it but
those are the two spots yeah one more uh i heard uh sheets uh after the game you're a big fan of
those sheets yeah the sheets in the after room You said sheet-ah. Are you talking about sheets?
Ask him about the sheets we have at the games in the room.
So I'm assuming the fucking stats.
Who texted you that?
I'm not a snitch.
Strom or something?
It had to be Strom.
Sheets is a sub place.
I thought it was in Wilkes-Barre.
Like the game sheets.
Like the fucking game sheets.
If you're talking about what I think you're talking about.
You read that like you read the numbers on the podcast it says ask about going up ask him
don't do it again oh my god i'm going about the sheet again w have after after w hat that's what
it says that i'm assuming the game sheets well you know i'm talking about you don't talk about
you talk yeah i think what we're talking about is like after every game the next day we go in
and are basically our analytics are on the board.
And basically, it's kind of like a tool to hold you accountable
and let you know if you're playing well or not.
What are the analytics?
It's kind of like scoring chances for, scoring chances against,
drive-bys, they call it, if you don't hit a guy.
There's a bunch of different things.
And there's a team one.
If that's what you're talking about, yeah.
And then some guys kind of get maybe tired of it every day. if it's on there if it's on there and you're horrible i
mean that's tough look the whole team's looking at it yeah and then especially if it's happening
like a lot after game it's like you're coming in like holy so what do you get this that that's
probably what it is tippet used to put that type of stuff on the board and he used to give like
a point for like if you had a hit and, you know, point for this point for that.
And like you said, it kind of just keeps you accountable.
And it also shows you from a point standpoint, like were you engaged or involved in the game in any manner?
And it actually without scoring.
And I agree to what you're saying.
It does hold you accountable with your teammates simply because all the results are on the board.
When it's public, everything changes. Yeah. Yeah. I think I don't think it's a bad thing it's like this is where you're at this
is what the numbers are i'm not holding them from anyone so that that that's exactly what it's there
for just to kind of hold guys accountable i don't know it's new for me apparently
how'd you get injured at the beginning of the year? I got slashed. I broke my pinky. In an exhibition game against San Jose.
We played them tomorrow.
I don't know.
Payback.
Well, they beat the Oilers.
Buddy, this was awesome.
It was great catching up with you.
Last minute.
We're so happy you got that deal.
Much deserved.
And this team is on the up and up.
And with the way things can turn around now so quickly,
like this Anaheim team could be a playoff in like what?
Seven, eight years?
Fuck, man.
Make it a bid this year. No, by eight.
I knew right when you said that.
I knew exactly where you were going.
I actually thought he was being serious.
No, I thought you were going to say this year.
I'm like, ah, this is kind of corny.
No.
Seven, eight years.
No.
I think by next year, you guys could be sniffing around there.
I'm dead serious. If you can get Zegers off TikTok, wiggle dick. Thank you very much, bud. Yeah, thanks for having me. Love you guys could be sniffing around there. I'm dead serious.
If you can get Zegers off TikTok, wiggle dick.
Thank you very much, bud.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
Love it.
Thanks, Joe.
All right, before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at BetterHelp.
Spitting Chicklets is sponsored by BetterHelp.
This time of year can be a lot for a lot of people,
and it is natural to feel some sadness or anxiety about it.
But adding something new and positive to your life can counteract some of those feelings.
Therapy can be a bright spot amid all the stress and change.
Something to look forward to, to make you feel grounded, and to give you the tools to manage everything going on.
I've used therapy in the past.
A bunch of my friends have.
It's tough sometimes to take
that first step, but once you do, I don't know one person who's regretted taking that step because
everybody needs a hand sometime. And if you're thinking of starting therapy, you got to go to
BetterHelp. Give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible,
and suited to your schedule. Just fill in a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed
therapist and switch therapist anytime
for no additional charge.
Find your bright spot this season
with BetterHelp. Visit
betterhelp.com slash chicklets today
to get 10 off your first month.
That's betterhelp
h-e-l-p dot com
slash chicklets.
Huge thanks to Killiford Jump
and all of us when we were out in California a couple weeks ago. Great guy, man.
Awesome. Like I said, he's got the record right now.
He's at least tied for the most appearances.
Thanks again, Killa, for jumping on us.
We have to talk about the Tampa Bay Lightning.
We talked about it at the beginning of the year.
They kind of just had to tread water until they got
Vasilevsky back, and they were in a
playoff position when they got him back.
I think they're going to probably cruise to the playoffs
right now. He had 22 saves his first game back.
How about this, though?
Incredibly, Tampa Bay lit up Antti Ranta for eight goals on just 14 shots,
making it the first time since they started tracking save percentages back in 55-56
that a team's only goalie in a game stopped less than 50 of the shots he faced.
That's banana lands, man.
In this day and age, just to see that.
But either way, we got to talk about Leighton Kucherov.
He just like a meteor
just jumped to the front of the line for
scoring points. He had, what do you call it, two goals, four assists
that game last week. I don't think he's under
eight. I know he said people are talking he's under eight.
You can't win a fucking MVP
and Stanley Cups and be considered under eight, I don't think.
I agree with that. I just think
there's so much discussion
rightfully so for McDavid, Jack Hughes, McKinnon, Leon.
It's his name does go a little by the wayside.
I think part of that is. Kind of similar to why, like people write off Tampa and like they maybe even don't get discussed,
discussed enough as people get like sick and tired of like the same team winning all the time.
And like Kucherov lightening up.
It just  it continues to happen and it almost becomes the norm where people don't even really mention it as much as they should.
But his game  the last goal he had in that game just like buzzing through the middle and just snapping one shelf like so quick.
And then his  on the power play, he stands at the top of that circle he's
either ripping one-timers he they he has a ton of like um obviously like chemistry with with point
where the point's great at that shot tip is you know he just like hits a stick with it it's perfect
deflection um i just i just think it's crazy that me included going in the air like i don't know
it's been a long time and they finally had like, I don't know, it's been a long time, and they finally had a summer off.
But, you know, their time's probably come to an end.
Not really.
And all we talked about was just kind of surviving until Vasilevsky got back.
And they didn't just survive.
They played well.
He comes back and just an easy, gives up two goals.
They win 8-2.
Now you don't really have to play him as much as he wants to play either
because they've proven that they can get good goaltending otherwise but man I'd be afraid I'd be afraid
of Tampa if I'm other teams in the Atlantic division yeah and as far as the east is concerned
it's really any team's game like there's no one team that seems that threatening to me I mean you
know Boston does have its holds I think the goaltending will round out but it always goes back to what you say too so he's gotten 25 percent of the season to get healthy and you know it might take him you know
10 games to get back to being himself but all of a sudden at that point you're at the halfway mark
because he's probably going to be in and out you know 50 playing 50 percent of the games getting
him to to proper health and re-acclimated and then all of a sudden you're halfway through and then
you hit the ground running as opposed to having to carry the load and do a full 82 game season for
a goalie like that.
Who's usually playing about,
you know,
60,
60 of the games.
So,
you know,
that's,
that's one team we're looking at who relies heavily usually on one
goaltender.
So aside from that,
like you said,
it's been the cooch and point show and their chemistry is just off the,
off the chain.
And it seems like they just figured out a way to crack the code so to speak like they always
know where each other are going to be they share a brain out there and just that overall core group
man it's just they're a bunch of winners and i wouldn't be shocked that they end up running
through the east they're they're you know they got a good enough core and you know they're going to
figure out a way to do something at the deadline to keep this fucking train running.
They always do.
Always find something.
They always find that Blake Coleman.
Oh, who the fuck is this guy?
How about how good Hagel is there?
Hagel?
I mean, now Hagel's got  I fucked up a few podcasts ago when we were talking about this.
I thought Hagel's new deal kicked in this this year but he still has this year making what
two million two and a half million bucks like that's a fucking bar goon so overall i think
they got enough weapons and uh and and coops got the boys playing man i don't think i've ever seen
um tanner janeau get hit as hard as mcavoy the other night. Did you see that? Into the bench? The woman's reaction front row of the class was hilarious.
She was just like, oh, like, Janot is a monster out there.
So is McAvoy, too.
But, yeah, it just seems like Koop has such a good idea
of what's going on in that room.
And, like, we haven't even mentioned Stamkos.
He's over a point per game.
It's the winning championship core that, as all these changes have gone on around them,
they remain there and they know what it takes to win.
And they finally had that summer where, all right, we get time off.
Now we go in.
Oh, big injury news.
Big cats out.
And they're able to survive.
He's now back.
Now, I wonder how long.
Now what you're probably wondering is he's going to be pushing to play,
and now it's up to Koop where he's like,
I don't want to play this guy back, not necessarily back-to-back,
but two, three, four starts in a row when you know that's what he's going to want.
So you kind of go, once Koop knew that he'd get back to full health and be okay,
he probably was a little relieved.
All right, well, at least I got 18, 20 games where I don't have him in my ear
saying I want to play, I want to play.
He's not allowed to pull him.
I mean, that's one aspect.
You can't pull the guy.
So they were lucky enough to get through the break without him.
And I actually thought it would be a little longer for a back surgery, right?
I don't know.
Maybe it was something pretty minor.
But when you're dealing with the back, to have him back that quick.
You think you went back to the gas back home?
No.
You went for a little speedy recovery?
Seems like hockey players come back early a lot of times.
Like, Machan come back a little bit early a lot of times.
It seems like nowadays they've been timetabling it longer
just so you don't get the expectations as high.
Because I feel like you said, all right,
every guy's coming back sooner than expected.
So Tampa's got a good thing going.
Man, we've been pumping a lot of teams' tires this episode.
Yeah, seriously.
It should be a fucking gas station tonight.
Rob Rossi, he had a great piece of The Atlantic about
not The Atlantic, The Athletic about Sid Novy.
And, you know, Novy had a quote that I guess it went viral.
He said, we saved the league, meaning him and Sid.
Now they come in, and I guess we're old news, but we saved it.
It's up to those guys to come in and prove me wrong that we're not the best.
I thought it was kind of funny in a way.
I don't know if they saved the league.
I don't know if the league was in a dire position.
Okay, I don't.
Listen, they were great.
I think they 100.
Let me color that.
All right, what was the league doing coming out of the lockout in 06, buddy?
Listen, I thought that Anson brought up a great point where the league did a good job,
I thought that Anson brought up a great point where the league did a good job.
I'm sure planning that these guys were coming in to really nip in the butt,
the hooking and obstruction interference and all that bullshit, which then resulted to more power plays,
but also protecting the league star,
the league stars to at least a better standard coming out of the lockout
compared to what it was pre-lockout
to post-lockout the would you not agree that there was a lot more calls and calling all the
bullshit so it allowed guys like Sid and Olvey to thrive in which they should have and going back
to whether they saved the league well fucking one guy is 36 years old and still he's on pace to have the best career year that a 36 year old has ever had
sydney crosby his numbers speak for themselves three stanley cups i don't know how many fucking
league awards in that period of time they literally changed the playoff format so that these two teams
would meet at least at one point which i think ended up kind of shooting themselves in the foot
regarding that because they ended up meeting of shooting themselves in the foot regarding that
because they ended up meeting in the second round
as opposed to the conference finals.
Each time they did meet, which was four,
the winner of that series went on to win the Stanley Cup.
We can remember every single one of those series,
the fucking hat trick.
Remember the dueling hat tricks?
The dueling hat tricks.
Every hockey fan was glued to their fucking seats.
And I think that, what, two two maybe three of those years washington
won the president's trophy of the league while ovi went and fucking scored 60 65 goals and we
talked about sid still doing it ovi's chasing the fucking goal record if you would have told
somebody when ovi came in the league that he would be breaking wayne gretzky's goal record they would
have laughed in your face.
They would have laughed in your face like six years into his career.
They would have took every goddamn credential
you have away from you
so you could not enter an NHL building, R.A.
Might have already happened to you.
But yes, I think that some people might think
that they think that it's cocky
and they don't like hearing hockey players talk like that.
Every fucking word
that came out of ovi's mouth was was 100 accurate yes they saved the nhl fuck washington might not
even be in washington if you wouldn't have showed up like what the fuck were they doing might not be
in pittsburgh they wouldn't not be in pittsburgh it's think of how much money sid has put in
mario's pocket think about that they came into the league with these expectations.
I mean, the expectations for Sid were even higher, I think.
And they were sky high for Ovi, too.
Ovi's going to go on to become the greatest goal scorer
in the history of the National Hockey League.
And I think a high majority of people would say
he's actually not even the best out of both of them.
That's how incredible these two have been.
Like they came in.
There was a jolt of life into the league.
The rookie years were incredible.
100 points for Sid.
Ovi scores.
How many scores rookie year?
All right.
Check that quick.
But right off the bat, dude, they just came out flying.
And everyone's like, holy shit, with all these expectations
and they're still somehow better than we thought.
Yeah, the league wasn't exactly doing great.
Now, ironically, I already mentioned it,
the Stanley Cup final that first year after the lockout was phenomenal.
Viewership was brutal because it was Carolina-Edmonton,
but it was seven games of awesome hockey with the Oilers goalie getting injured
and Ty Conklin coming in and all these crazy storylines.
But it was Sid and Ovi.
And then they continued to do it.
And then it never broke.
And you want to talk about Patrick Kane, Jonathan Taves,
Kopitar, Bergeron, all these guys throughout these 15, 20 years
who've made a huge difference.
None of them even sniffed these two.
They don't even come close. It's these
two and then go down, down, down, down, down, down, down. And it's everyone else. And when they came
in, if you ended up saying 20 years from now, this would be the case, people wouldn't have
believed you, as Biz said, with the Ovi goal record. And it's just it's wild to see they're
still doing it. With Sid's rookie year, he had 102 points and he didn't win the Calder he had over
because Ovi did Ovi had 106 with 51 goals 52 as rookies here so it's and and it's also the the
I mean think about how many years there was probably about I mean he was even doing it last
year Ovi but especially in those first like 10 to 12 years,
he was trucking guys while scoring 60 goals.
He was taking 90-second shifts.
He'd have three hits.
He'd have fucking two plays that he made,
and then he'd end up scoring the one tee.
I honestly think that they'll, for Ovi,
when he retires in Wash,
they'll put his number where he would score all his one-timer goals.
Didn't they put 99 behind the net for Wayne Gretzky?
I thought just the last game.
I thought just his last game.
I think for the last game, they should put number eight in his house where he scored all those one-timer goals.
I mean, as far as Sid, I think you maybe put the 87 where the McDonald's logo is,
where he's doing the McDonald's thing every warmup because he's so superstitious, but their ability to adjust to the way the game's
being played. Think about how much faster the game's gone. Now, credit to Sid because he doesn't
look a step behind at all. I would say that maybe Ovi's starting to look a little bit slower than
he used to be buzzing around there but just the the the sheer determination
and and commitment to the game for Sid to keep it to this caliber I said this if Sid continues his
pace this year at 36 becomes the best 36 year old player to ever exist because his numbers say that
even better than Wayne's if he does what he's done this year for two more years and somehow they
fucking win another cup he is 1000 on the Mount Rushmore of hockey I don't care who you have to
take off of the Mount Rushmore but there it's undeniable because right now you would have Gordie
Howe Bobby Orr Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux I don't want to debate on who you take off of that list,
but buddy, come on here.
No? Am I crazy?
No, I don't think you're crazy.
He's on there right now.
Very valid argument, yeah.
I'm not crazy, but enough of this. Saving the league, I think maybe a little bit,
like the league wasn't going to fold
had those two not come around.
But had those two not come around, dude,
it could be way different.
Yeah, and obviously I'm a little older than you guys.
And when I hear save the league, who do I think I win?
Magic Johnson and Larry Bird.
Because they literally saved the NBA.
So I think in that terms, I guess, no.
They elevated the game. They made it better.
They're comparable, though.
What's that?
Like those two and Crosby Ovechkin are comparable in those two leagues.
No, listen, I'm not trying to
diminish it. I got to compare
it to the NBA, which the NBA was a drug
riddled league. They didn't even play the finals on
live TV. It was a disaster. And that
league was close to folded. I guess what I mean
is the NHL wasn't going to fold
if they didn't have Sid
and Crosby. It would have been way worse. It would have been
less talented, less exciting, but I think the league would have continued to go on had they not beenby. It would have been way worse. It would have been less talented and less exciting,
but I think the league would have continued to go on
had they not been there.
I guess that's my point.
I think Sid put about 300 sheets in Mario's pocket
in helping that regard.
I think that between Ovi and Sid,
they put billions of dollars in the owner's pocket
by saving the league.
I would say that we talked about the Makar-Quinn-Hughes debate
on the Norris and that third guy's way far down. I would probably say in this period of time,
Sid Ovi, Hawks way down, Hawks dynasty, and then maybe LA dynasty for saving the game out West.
Would you say that that's a pretty fair comparison in that span of time? Like what other things that
stand out to you from a saving the league perspective because you can't deny the hawks
three championships because i feel like dynasty is always gaining attention and then of course
tampa they won two modern day dynasty but other than that like what are some well i mean like i
said i didn't think it was groundbreaking moments you You mean? Well, yeah. Think of the major things that have kept people glued in.
Like the Taves and Kane.
David getting to Edmonton.
Granted, they haven't won anything.
That was nuts.
He had the same Crosby talk, and he's done it offensively.
They haven't won.
But in terms of living up to the hype and being like, holy shit,
the Oilers are really relevant again.
McDavid's right there.
Okay.
Patrick Kane, part of the Hawks with the USA Hockey connection.
Austin Matthews has said that was his idol, right?
So that's one thing you look at.
Yeah, that's, I mean, I just look back at those two and what they've done and then battling in the playoffs.
Like, the league could not have scripted it better.
They're in the same division.
Like, how lucky are they that that happened, right?
If Sid's in Pittsburgh and Ovi's on the Ducks or something, it's just different.
But they ended up battling one-on-one so often and then there was also uh ra you mentioned a quote from barry trotz that he was
talking to ovi after the 2014 olympics in sochi and he said um like you got to look at how you're
doing things and how we're doing things and it's not going to work and go back and look at our
series with sid and look at how he played and like look at the defensive awareness and just
battling and you just can't we're not at the defensive awareness and just battling and you just
can't, we're not going to win the Stanley Cup
with you just scoring and not really doing much
else and Ovi changed his game
and they got that title. Yeah
absolutely man, I mean like I said
I know people are going to come at me, it's not
diminishing them, it's just, you know, I
automatically go to save in the league you think
the NBA and whatnot but
You don't think Crosby has done what Magic Johnson did for the league that's how long did magic johnson play
who told that 990 no like for like ninth of time his career because he's for his first season was
79 80 and i think uh 91 he retired when he also he did it for 12 13 years yeah yeah sid might do
it for seven more years.
Yeah, I get it.
It's more the state that the NBA was in compared to the NHL.
Fair enough.
That league could have been gone if those guys didn't come along.
We're coming out of a lockout on the Outdoor Life Network.
Remember the OLN?
Remember they were on the OLN?
I got a reverse tattoo. In the jerseys they got right out of the lockout.
The sweat was staying in them, and they were 20 pounds by the end of the game. The I got a reverse tattoo. And the jerseys they got right on the lockout. Like, the sweat was staying in them
and they were 20 pounds
by the end of the game.
The league was a joke.
It was a disaster at that point.
Definitely a lack of
laughing stock element to it.
No doubt about that.
But, Biz, you might have saved
hockey by being on TNT.
You and Wano, man.
You guys have been
killing it on that.
Pump the fucking brakes, buddy.
Pump the fucking brakes.
All right, I will.
All right, I'm busting your balls. No, Alex Tuck, obviously a friend of the program. Great interview with him. But Curtis McDermott, buddy. Pump the fucking breaks. I will. Busting your balls. No, Alex Tuck,
obviously a friend of the program. Great interview
with him. But Curtis McDermott, man, I mean,
a guy's a tough guy. He played
three minutes and 30 seconds, seven shifts.
He had one shot a goal, and he got the game
on a nice, nifty move to what he said.
He felt it was an out-of-body experience.
He said, that's fucking hilarious. Well, I think we should roll
the interview. And bringing the
man who had the game-win winner, Curtis McDermott,
first goal since March the 20th.
What a sweet one.
I mean, a beautiful move.
Did you have that one saved for a special moment?
Because that was, you busted out some pretty silky paws on that one.
Yeah.
It was kind of an old buddy experience right there.
Dermot, how long until you go into bednar's office and start requesting
some power play time after that one oh probably quite a while i need to get a few more than
before i do that well it hadn't you listed as a defense seventh defenseman were you playing
d or forward that shift because i know you hop around quite a bit yeah i know uh forward so uh
kind of been in the lineup as a forward, as a Leeds, so I don't
know why they haven't changed that yet, but I'll play wherever.
Curtis, let's say great snipe in the game tonight.
You played three minutes and 30 seconds.
Like, that's tough to be effective and play that little.
Like, how do you keep yourself fresh and in the game and mentally focused?
How do you keep yourself fresh and in the game and mentally focused?
I think just being good on the bench and being positive with the guys,
staying engaged mentally that way.
When I do get out there, just keeping it simple and keeping the legs moving,
create some energy on the forecheck.
Our line, that's our job, and just get in there and create some and you know it's pretty simple but it's effective at times as well so you're talking about keeping
that energy in the bench are you talking to your own teammates you're chirping guys in the other
bench as well no just uh my own teammates but if something does happen on the ice so uh i'll just
stand up and say something here and there. Curtis, Brian Boucher here.
You know, we know your core of your team, well-documented,
but there's eight new faces in the lineup on this Avalanche team tonight.
With some new guys here, where do you assess this team's plays at at this point in the season?
Yeah, you know, there's a lot of new guys, but they bought in right away,
and they've been gelling with the structure of our game.
And, you know, it's just next man up type mentality here.
And everyone is on the same page.
And, you know, we're all working for one goal.
And that's to win each game and do our best.
So I think at this point in the season, we're doing a pretty good job.
Well, listen, we really appreciate you coming on with us.
Congrats on the win and the goal.
Enjoy the night.
Thanks, man.
Yeah, thank you, guys.
Beauty.
Oh, like, you know, such a fun thing, man.
I mean, he'd been in and out of the lineup.
I think he'd only played four games up until that point.
And he's typically a defenseman.
But so far this year, they've been having him play up.
And, you know, he finds himself in the lineup. I think it might have been his first shift of the third period and
all of a sudden he gets it right in the slot and he goes forehand to backhand and it's a it's a big
moment because think about all the all the practice time and all the bag skating and all the you know
not being in the lineup and having to schlep around and finally you get your number called
and then in those games you're playing fucking three,
three and a half minutes.
So there's a,
you know,
there's a lot of not so fun times playing that role,
but you know,
the few times a year where you get to shine and have your moment,
it was a special,
a special night for him because he got the game winner.
So I just thought it was a cool thing.
And we,
throughout the two broadcasts,
we had,
um,
we had the thing with Wayne when he was fucking chirp me about the Olympic
lifting. I don't know if you guys caught that i used to do saying snatch and clean and jerk and
like trying to keep a straight face no i mean that's what it was did you not do those exercises
oh the cleans and yeah it was brutal brutal so when you were doing the cleans would you also do
the part where you push up no we actually at bu with Mike Boyle, we did dumbbell snatches one arm.
We didn't do the overhead bar.
We did dumbbell snatches,
but for cleaning, we used the barbell
and we'd only go under the chin.
Okay.
I was doing all of it.
I was actually training with an Olympic lifter.
I forget the guy's last name.
His name was Jason.
And it was in Niagara Falls.
And he had his own warehouse where we would go.
And it would be all the platforms.
We would be doing the heavy front squatting, the heavy back squatting,
clean and jerk, press over your head, hold the position, the snatching,
driving your hips through, the heavy deadlifting.
And I think that there were so many phases of of how to train and how to you
know get to the national hockey league level where I think that that actually hindered me in the long
run because of how much tightness it created so it ended up fucking being a joke on on TNT because
Wayne thought it was funny that I said snatch uh back to McDermott I loved how he was just like
yeah I'm listed as a defensive I don't care where I'm listed. I just want to play.
And the other cool thing was Cogliano,
who had his neck broken in the frigging playoffs last year,
he's played great.
He gave him that pass.
So it was a pretty cool celebration.
Oh, that's awesome.
Cogs, man, that guy's career and what he's done,
and he got robbed out of that Ironman streak he had going
when he got suspended for that hit.
He's come back from a broken neck and still played like meaningful big-time hockey for the abs that was awesome
yeah um the other one we had on was Tuck who you know he fucking he carried the he carried the
league on his shoulders on the TNT broadcast he did the pre-game interview he had uh an apple
then he had the game winner and then did the post-game interview. And let's run it, because I think that there was a little bit of a shot
at ticket prices maybe in Buffalo.
We get to ask.
Oh.
Because Alex Tuck is joining us right now.
You can ask him what the spark was.
We bring him in.
Alex, congratulations on the win, the goal, huge game, 24 minutes,
59 seconds played.
You're a big part of it.
Biz, go right ahead.
Well, first of all, tucker that broomstick on
the top upper lip is unbelievable and uh as well as that pumpernickel celebration for the game
you guys were a little bit sleepy through the first half of this game though how much did that
pay a peyton krebs situation taking that shot in the face josh in the box with christopher
letang get the bench going and get you guys fired up. Yeah, I know. Krebsy's an energy guy through and through.
And in the locker room, on the ice, he's always giving his all.
And it's really good to see him go out there and make a huge impact.
You know what?
Sometimes it goes overlooked what these guys do if they're not showing up
in the score sheet.
But they're making some plays happen, and they're making some things happen.
And I thought he got the momentum going the right way.
And then we were able to follow that up, and then our captain, you know what?
He's spoken between the second and third,
and I think we all wanted to run through a wall for him.
He's one of the best guys I know.
He's one of the best teammates I've ever had, and he's an unbelievable leader,
and he leads by example, and you know what?
He showed how resilient we are as a group,
and he had a big goal for us there in the third.
Alex, Brian Boucher here.
I don't know if you noticed in the pregame, these guys didn't let me ask you a question. They were
hogging the air. So I finally get a chance to talk to you. What did your captain say? Can you
share with us? Yeah, we just didn't want to sit back. You know, we wanted to dictate the pace of
play and we wanted to dictate the game. And, you know, when we're controlling the pace and when
we're going as a five, six man unit, we're really dangerous, and we have to all commit as one.
And you know what?
I thought we got a little short benched there.
We lost the guy in the second period, and you know what?
We said, screw it, and we just kept going, kept working for each other.
You know what?
And we've seen a lot of doubters.
We heard some boos at the end of the second period when we were getting off the ice,
and that pissed us off a little bit.
So we wanted to come out with some vengeance and show the Buffalo City how resilient we are as a group.
Alex, I don't care what Biz is saying.
I love that stash. It looks great.
It's for a good cause.
I love it.
I want to talk about your power play.
No Tate Thompson.
How does that change the philosophy with your group as you guys go out there with a man advantage you know i think we have a really um really skilled depth group and
we can have any guy jump in on the power play and obviously you got a guy like tage thompson
that takes a huge loss in both five on five uh man up and man down he does it all out there but
we have to have guys some of these young guys step up and they're able to do so and we had a
little bit of a change there victor olison made a great play, and we had a couple good looks before that,
and then obviously Skinny just buried it.
Yeah, it was good.
It was good to get some momentum on the power play there.
I love the stash.
I love the emotion.
You talked to us in pregame.
You told us how much this city means to you.
You did hear the boos, but how great was it to see a packed crowd
in the third period start to get loud there
in buffalo oh yeah obviously we know there's some penguins fans they're not too far down the road
but i didn't hear much in the third period so that was really good uh probably heard some people
yelling from the end of their tvs as well so you know what it's not only got people in the crowd
you know because it's not always a the most uh affordable but it's really good to see how much
support we have and we're going to continue to get more and more
because we're going to continue to win.
Alex, thanks so much.
Really appreciate it.
Congrats, man.
Great game.
Thanks, guys.
That fired me up.
I'm jumping on the Sabres bandwagon now.
So, I mean, great post-game interview.
Talked about hearing, getting booed,
the emotions it created in the locker room.
The captain, Opozo, who ended up scoring that game as well,
standing up and talking, saying,
let's shove it up these guys' ass for booing us off the ice.
We need to be better.
And then, like I said, I don't know, R.A., the ticket prices,
like have you seen what they cost in Buffalo?
Too expensive?
I mean, they can't be more than Bills tickets.
I know.
I mean, I think tickets are expensive everywhere nowadays.
I mean, between the fees and all the other shit, they got to make them cheaper but obviously they're not they're not
going to go down but what a beautiful duster he has above the lip though huh oh yeah the old lip
sweater so i thought it was cool but but buffalo continues to be a bit of a jekyll and hyde show
too yeah where win one lose one lose two win two And I don't think that they did a good enough job
of going to address the filling in pieces
around the young talent.
Although they have a lot, still a lot of young talent.
They just called up two other young guys
and then they had Benson who's came in.
We talked about him being one of the nicest first goals ever.
But you look at a team like Detroit,
like look at the guys they went and got. Like the older, more experienced guys, like the nicest first goals ever. But you look at a team like Detroit, like look at the guys they went and got,
like the older, more experienced guys,
like the Gossespers.
They went and got Perron.
They went and got Petrie.
He's lighting it up, by the way.
Who?
Gossespers.
Yeah, he's lighting up too.
So I don't think Buffalo,
although it's not panic time
and there's still plenty of time
for them to kind of get to the core years,
I just think that moving forward,
they really need to make sure they address filling in those areas
because I think that that's the reason right now for the inconsistency.
That and Bush talked about it on the broadcast in a sense
that they might have put Levi in a tough situation.
Well, really both goaltenders because they're all young guys.
They don't have a veteran to lean on.
At least in, I know Huso, we talk about Detroit,
at least he's got Reimer to go to.
Reimer's been around for what, 12, 14 years?
Yeah.
Anyway, it was a fun couple games on the broadcast,
and I just wanted to talk about that Tuck interview specifically
and then Dermy fucking going velvet and steel on us.
You know what uh you know
what sucks for the savers too is that jack quinn tours achilles over the summer i mean that that
kid scored at a crazy rate in the hl had a good year last year and like that was going to be a
big next step so like they're really missing him too oh for sure they got they have so like i said
they have so many of these young guys and i I can understand not wanting to trade or leverage any of that future
until you actually see what you have.
I think that from a hold perspective,
they're viewing this as not a make-or-break year to make playoffs.
What's that?
I got Portnoy calling me.
Let's see what he wants.
Ooh.
What's up?
You're live to tape on Spittin' Chicklets.
You're live to tape on thein' Chicklets. You're live to tape on the...
On what? Good one.
On the telethon.
Oh, what's going on?
So I have a question.
The Chicklets guy, Grinelli, is up here pitching,
and they have this great thing.
If you buy 500 worth of merch of Chicklets,
you're entered into a contest to go to a Bruins game with, and I was like, drumroll.
I'm like, oh, what a great thing. Biz and
wit. No, it's just the bald
guy. So I think what we do,
and I love him. I love real.
I was listening to this. He's very offended
right now. Why? I said I love him.
But you should go as well.
I would love to go. I wasn't invited on this.
I was just told that this was...
We got four hours. Both of you guys go with the fan. Add it in there. I wasn't invited on this. I was just told that this was. Can we add it? We got four hours.
Both of you guys go with the fan.
Add it in there.
I'm in.
Hey, do this too.
Hold on.
Biz has something to say.
Hold on.
Love you too, Dave.
I got to tell you.
Biz, you say it.
I'll repeat it because I got the headphone in.
So tell Dave that I'll put up for, do like an auction.
Grinnelli has to think of how much they have to spend to enter in this.
He hung on. Where somebody will...
He hung on.
Oh, okay.
I'll go fuck myself.
All right, all right.
Oh, I know that.
I'm psyched, man.
I love always meeting the fans, hanging out.
You know, I'll hang out with a fucking statue.
Biz, what was the thing with Boosh with his phone?
Was he looking at highlights during the show?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's the other thing I forgot to mention.
Yeah, sometimes you're just trying to see
how a play developed or broke down
if we're going to revisit it.
And so you know to what you're talking to
and how you're going to time the breakdown of the clip.
And I think he was just doing that.
And it just so happens that he swiped it to close it.
And then it amplified the noise.
And we had a good laugh on the broadcast.
But that's the professionalism we bring, you know?
Oh, absolutely, man.
He was great.
Boosh was awesome.
He is.
I ran into him out now.
We were at Newport Beach when him and Fedora come off the Flyers bus doing some media stuff.
I could not believe how frigging funny he was in the interview, too.
Oh, he's so funny.
Handsome bastard, too.
No doubt.
Another big note here.
The Road to the Winter Classic is coming back, man.
I'm psyched for this.
It's going to be on TNT first episode, Biz, December 13th.
It's also going to be on Sportsnet 1 up in Canada on December 14th.
I hope it's as good as it was on HBO, man, because that show is fucking dynamite.
We need a show like this for hockey, like sort of what Hard Knocks has football.
I mean, so many personalities, the game and the audio, the video.
We need more of this shit out there.
Absolutely. Completely agreed. Yeah, it's nice when they get the full access so i'm interested to see what they came up with and hey everything that tnt does is first class and their film crew and
their editors are amazing so i'm really looking forward to this uh jerseys i would say early win
to seattle kraken maybe with time maybe with the pants and the whole getup,
maybe Vegas makes a late run.
But I know you guys like the jersey talk,
but the Krakens look awesome.
Yeah, nod to the Seattle Metropolitans way back in the day.
The first American team to win a Stanley Cup.
They got the red numbers on the sleeve.
That's what looks so good on those.
The Vegas ones are a little underwhelming, I think.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Yeah, for Vegas, you expect to get blown away.
Yeah, you think they would add something a little louder maybe,
considering it's, you know, try to sell them.
Yeah, like save the gold buckets for something like that.
Like save the gold buckets for something like that.
There you go.
Were we just talking about our listeners, our fans?
Well, speaking of our fans,
we got to talk to a few of them over the phone not too long ago.
Biz, why don't you explain what was going on here as far as Minahan Studio?
So we've been asking G to help set this up,
and we were able to do it in Boston
at Kirk Minahan Studio,
where we have Chicklets fans call in,
I think, what, a few hours before
we ended up sitting down,
we tweeted out the number,
and we got obviously some silly calls.
Some people were just more excited to say what's up
and didn't really have a question prepared.
Some people were just barking area codes at us like we knew where the fuck it was coming from. But this is something we want to continue. And obviously, with people having more preparation at the fact that we are going to keep doing this, we'll probably get it's about 30 minutes. But for me, the coolest thing that came out of this is there was a band that sent us a clip of a song that they wanted us to use for their intro. Now, this is an independent band. I heard the song for the first time and I loved it and I sent it over to G and, you know, just kind of got put on the to do list. Well, this guy who's the lead singer of the band ended up calling in to remind me of this song
and i hadn't even heard it already because i think you guys forgot to mention it yeah we never it was
on the list of to do to get back to you after the holidays but uh so because this guy called it got
the discussion going and g was able to pull up the song and we have this whole creative breakdown
of us testing it out i love the fucking song and this is more towards creative breakdown of us testing it out. I love the fucking song.
And this is more towards the end of the collar thing. So we hope you enjoy all the other ones,
but this to me is more how to like, it's going to get you guys involved. We want your opinion on it.
We love the song and the creative process of more about how we start the podcast and how long we
should use it for. So that's enough. I'll say about it.
We'll talk to you outside of the calls and hopefully we can get some great feedback on
what we did.
So thank you to G and Whit.
I want to say it was your idea to do this.
So we're going to keep doing it and we look forward to hearing from all you knuckleheads.
All right, before you go any further, here's a few words from our friends at Labatt.
Sadly, the warm weather has come and gone, but that doesn't
mean the Labatt blue light should stop flowing. Whether you're on the golf course at Beer League
or watching some football, you can't find a better beer than a fresh Labatt blue light.
Lots of things are better together. Hockey, food, golf. But if you really want to take things to
the next level,
drink some Labatt Blue Lights with your friends and live life to the power of we.
I can't stop thinking about all these blue lights.
I crushed that Thanksgiving.
Next baseball game, hockey game, whatever I go to, boom.
Labatt Blue Lights all over the place.
And what's better than enjoying some cold ones
with the people you love?
I'll tell you what, nothing.
Remember, take a page out of the Labatt Blue Light Book
and enjoy your beers together
so you can live your life to the power of we.
All right, I have to say, I got to jump in,
and I think Merle's is the biggest advocate of this.
It's the holiday season.
You can never, never, never show up empty-handed.
You go in the in-laws, you go into your girlfriends,
even you're going to a buddy's house.
It's the holiday season.
You can't show up empty-laws. You're going to your girlfriends. Even you're going to a buddy's house. It's the holiday season. You can't show up empty-handed.
What better gift, the gift that keeps on giving,
than some Labatt Blue Light,
whether it's a 30-pack, a 12-pack,
sometimes just a sixer.
There's just the gift that keeps on giving,
and it's Labatt Blue Light, baby.
Absolutely.
You can find Labatt Blue Light at labattusa.com
slash finder.
Good to go, guys. Yeah. Oh, we have a caller. First caller. Absolutely. And you can find Labatt Blue Light at labattusa.com slash finder.
Good to go, guys.
Yeah.
Oh, we have a caller.
First caller.
You're our first ever caller.
What's your name? Where are you from? What's your question?
What's your name, buddy?
You're talking to Spittin' Chicklets.
Oh, it's Eric.
What's up, Eric? Where are you from?
Hey, Eric.
Hey, big boy.
I didn't know that at first.
I'm from Pittsburgh.
Okay.
Penguins fan?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Are we interviewing you?
Are you stoned?
I don't know.
I was just going to ask you guys, like, I mean, I guess.
Like, I don't know if you're around him that much, but, like, what's, like, the funniest story you have of Mario?
Oh.
I got to think. like the funniest story you have of uh mario oh i i gotta think i mean i can't be doing the what's the funniest story you got about certain guys but i would say the funniest story related to mario
was when ryan malone was kind of in one one night and laying on the ground reaching up and grabbing
crackers and eating them at sergey gonchar's Christmas party. And Mario just loved them.
But everyone was like, it's a tad aggressive around number 66.
But Bugsy was just an all-timer.
And so, I mean, listen, I probably said two words to Mario
and he maybe said one to me.
So I don't really have that much in terms of legendary Mario Lemieux funny stories.
I think a funny one was when you were there
when he got called in about the partying and and malone came out he was all worried and he sat
because he sat next to mario and he's like oh fuck he's like i just got pp they're threatening
to send me down and and mario's like you ain't going anywhere kid so like he got the green light
for mario even though he was out being a complete disaster. Yeah, he said, well, then I'm not going anywhere.
I can do whatever I want.
He got the green light.
Have you ever met Mario?
No, actually, my uncle is pretty good friends with him.
He was with the Penguins for a while, like coaching and stuff.
So I've been wanting to meet him, but it hasn't happened yet.
All right, well, hopefully you do. Good luck with that thanks for calling eric wait did you get stuffed in a
bathroom like a plane i asked him to go to lunch at penguins camp and like everybody was like
biz like you think this fucking legend is going to be going to a guy who only got one per diem
pack like your fucking return flight to wilkes-barre you were the trainer he's like i'll buy you lunch bud I'm not going with you he's trying to get a back rub I'm fucking on his table
yeah I got stuck on the on the private I don't it wasn't his private plane and maybe it was
on the way to the I was in the young stars game and Sid and and uh Gino maybe Gino yeah Sid Gino
and uh Mario were obviously going and then I had a first class seat from the league.
I said, I should have just, I should have taken that.
Because once I got to the jet, I realized I counted the number of bodies.
And I counted the seats.
They're like, no, there's one in the bathroom.
If you shut the toilet, it's a seat.
So I just sat there the whole time.
And then when anyone had to hose, I just got up and waited.
Maybe sat in their nice, legit PJ seat.
So it was still, I was the guy who deserved to be in the bathroom on that flight,
so I can't really complain that much.
Next up, we got a caller from the 815.
815, talk to us.
No way, that's me.
All right, buddy.
Yeah, that's you.
What's going on, man?
Oh, nothing much.
I just got off work.
My girlfriend actually sent me this phone number.
I was like, oh, I didn't know it's real it is sick yeah does she does she know you like spitting chiclets
oh well i'm i'm charles i'm from uh the 815 which is actually south of the 608 so i played hockey
of the 608 what is the 608 um that's wisconsin okay all right so do you think that most people
you're talking to at your conference i know but if you said hey i'm from the 608 do you think that most people you're talking to I know but if you said
AAM from the 608 do you think most
people know that that's Wisconsin
oh people from Wisconsin
definitely
you know either of us are from Wisconsin
right
making a murder
Badger South baby
what do you got for us
nothing much how you guys doing you have, baby. What do you got for us?
Nothing much.
How are you guys doing?
We're doing great. You have a great day.
What do we got next?
What do you think?
It was the potty line?
Call it a fucking choice of people?
All right.
Next caller up from the 802.
802.
What do you got for us?
Go away, boys.
Riley from Stowe, Vermont.
Yeah.
Spock it up.
Quick little question for the fellas.
Yeah, all right.
I know you like that New England vibe.
Fellas, coming from an official myself,
who referees or linesmen were you guys' favorite
when you guys were in the league?
Wes.
I love Wes McCauley.
Great guy.
There you go.
Yeah, he'd shoot you straight on the ice he makes the funny
calls fighting you know he does that whole like act once in a while i think i think wes played it
i don't know where he played but he definitely played hockey at some point he was my favorite
ref um i always i mean i know i know wes macaulay but i had a hard time remembering their names
where if i saw them i'd be like hey, hey, what's going on, man?
But they were all so nice to me.
I used to hang out and talk with them fucking during the TV timeouts,
get them their water and Gatorade.
So they were all amazing.
I don't really have one guy in particular, though.
Wes McCauley is kind of like the guy who gets the mic'd up all the time, isn't he?
So where do you ref?
What ages do you ref like what ages do you
ref yeah uh i work in uh i actually work in the ushl currently like full-time working the ushl
that's good for you so like what's the path like if you ever you know i imagine you want to be an
nhl referee someday so do you hope to go from the ushl to like the ahl or the coast do you kind of
work your way up as a player would? Yeah.
You know,
it's a ladder,
right?
So you kind of go from junior and you kind of,
for some,
you,
you kind of skip over the college route and kind of go into pro.
It's like,
you know,
you'll go from junior to into the coast and then,
you know,
maybe you'll get a sprinkle of the American league and,
you know,
hopefully,
hopefully you get your shot,
you know,
it's kind of tough getting up and like that.
Does it fuck with you mentally that everyone hates you guys?
Like, it's not fair.
It's not fair.
I'm not saying it is, but everyone hates the refs.
Like, they're always complaining about the refs.
Are you like a dentist where it's like a little depressing?
Do they pay for therapy?
Or do you love it?
Do they pay for therapy?
No, nobody's paying for my therapy, I'll tell you that.
But when it gets to February, it gets a little tough on the mental,
but, you know, it ain't bad.
Most of the guys like it.
It gets you fired up, you know, kind of keeps you moving on the ice.
It kind of keeps you a little chip on your shoulder.
You know, you want to fight back a little bit.
It gives you a little fight.
Yeah, you can't take the shit from the refs.
You can't be the pushover ref. I mean, from the coaches, excuse me. You got to give back a little bit, give it a little fight. Yeah, you can't take the shit from the refs. You can't be the pushover ref.
I mean, from the coaches, excuse me.
You got to give it back to them.
Yeah, you got to feed them a little bit, feed them their own medicine.
But, you know, sometimes there is a line, right?
Sometimes you're just going to eat the shit sandwich, and that's going to be it, you know?
So it's a bit of a grind, though, at that level to work your way up.
Like, you have to do it because you love it.
Yeah, it ain't about the money.
I don't do this for the money at all. So what point at what point if you get stopped at the ranks would you
consider being like oh it's too much of a schlep to keep doing it like how old are you i'm currently
21 okay so yeah you got you're a young buck you got 35 years he can do this so basically if you said you were you were like 42 and couldn't get
out of the ushl i'd be like hey it might be time to just get a nine to five but you got plenty of
time do you want to be a ref or a linesman do you want to be a ref or a linesman i'm a career
they're cooler guys they're they're cooler they're more chill. They don't have to be the bad guy.
That's right.
I love playing good cop.
I'll tell you that.
Unless you got Boyd Gordon taking face-offs from your hands.
He's fucking.
You drop it on the wrong side by a millimeter, he's fuck you and you're up and down the ice.
Yeah, I will take my hand off too, eh?
Yeah.
All right, buddy.
Thank you so much for the call.
Good luck on the journey.
All right, next up, we got a caller from the 763.
763, go ahead.
What's up, boys?
Caden calling in from University of Minnesota.
Go, go.
Fucked a Sioux this weekend.
Question I have for you boys was,
who is the best locker room guy that you guys ever encountered in the league?
Best locker room guy.
Yance.
Yeah, I never got to play with him.
I think the, oh, Jesus.
The dynamic between Doner and Yance sitting next to each other
and they just fed off each other.
Those were the two best in my opinion.
Always kept it light.
Yance would mutter things under his breast.
Or breath.
Under his titties.
Titties.
I think it's Ryan Malone.
It's just everyone loved him.
He got everyone involved.
It was always his stories.
Yeah, it's harder to think of a better one.
What about Merle's?
Merle's seems like a great locker room guy.
Merle's was an awesome locker room guy.
That was Witt's era.
Merle's was a great locker room guy.
But he'd just be like, ah ah i just lost the the i had the
points there in the giants bills game and you're like morose we just did warm-ups he's like i'm a
mush so he was still a joy to be around he was worried about gambling bets and uh after uh warm-ups
yes for sure regular season nhl games no i'm thinking'm thinking AHL. AHL, okay. All right. Maybe that's why he got the one-way ticket after one preseason game.
All right.
Next up, we got a caller from the 312.
312 caller, what's your name and where are you calling from?
What's up, boys?
It's Sam from Providence, Rhode Island here.
Just got a question on the Canucks.
I know the chances are a long shot,
but what do you think the chances are that Pedersen signs after the season?
I'd be scared if it was after the season.
I'd be a little worried if, well, no, because he's RFA, right?
Yeah, I believe so, yes.
Okay, so I picture him resigning there.
Yeah.
Unless he hates something about living or playing for the Canucks
that we wouldn't know about, he's
the best player on the team.
I actually think after the first two games,
granted that's not much,
I think there's going to be something going
there this year. If he's playing as good as he
has started and talk it to the man,
I bet you those guys love
playing for him. I think he'll resign
there. They're going to have to pay him.
I think his numbers,
I don't know, 11 and a half, 12 a year? If he plays half a
season the way he did the first two games, I'm
looking at 11, 11 and a half million
and he's got to get it. Confirmed RFA
too. Confirmed RFA. I like the
chances. If he puts up 100 plus,
he's getting at least 12 million.
I think 12's
the number too for eight years. If they didn't
let JT Miller walk.
They ain't letting him walk.
Yeah, I mean, he did turn down the captaincy,
so that's the only concern.
Yeah, but that would  you're right.
That is a little bit of a panic.
He turned it down?
I didn't  is that for sure?
I mean, I'm hearing from inside sources that he didn't want
Oh, you got sources?
Do you trust these people?
What is it, the rink attendant?
I don't believe that for a second.
Come on,
bitch. You're a rumor boy. Yeah.
So, hey, if that was the case,
that would worry me a little bit.
Who told you? Can you tell us your source?
No, very close to the
situation.
Dick Wright of 6969
at Hotmail.com. I kind of
believe this guy a little bit.
Hey, buddy.
He's Giacolini's coke runner.
Not sure if you're a whip.
We had Pedersen on a few years ago, just in case you weren't aware.
Episode 304, if you haven't seen it, check it out.
Check it out.
It's good stuff with him.
All right.
Yeah, I've listened, but I'll do it again.
Do it again.
That's your order.
Have a good one, buddy.
That was fucking three years ago.
Holy shit.
All right, boys.
Next up, we have a caller from the 630.
630 caller, what's your name?
Where are you calling from?
What do you got for the boys?
Hey, boys.
How's it going?
Big fan over here.
I appreciate you having me on.
My name is Jake from Chicago originally, but out in Scottsdale, Arizona right now.
Diehard Blackhawks fan.
And I know the hype is around you know bedard you know bringing
us back and uh reigniting this franchise but i want to hear your guys thoughts on korchinski
because i believe you know growing up those three cups we got don't happen without keith on the
back end yeah you think i want to hear you know what do you think the future is for korchinski
what do you guys uh what do you guys think about him so far? First off, Biz, maybe you could take Korchinski.
I mean, he's played, what, four games? He looks great
to me. But you mentioned you live in Scottsdale.
Biz has a couple old shirts
that he's willing to sell you. He's looking to
make a couple. So just get in touch with him.
He's got some old Abercrombie tees that you
can buy off him half price.
So just keep that in mind. Korchinski
looks like a nice player, dude. He
flies. He looks great.
Where do you hang out in Scottsdale?
I'm up in North Scottsdale.
I actually live right down the street from TPC.
Okay.
So are you a golfer?
You golf in there all the time?
Yeah, I golf a little bit.
I need to get better, but I'm trying to play a lot more.
So you live out there full time.
There's rumors that they might do the new Coyotes rink in North Scottsdale.
Yeah, I've heard that.
Great.
They can't get rid of this.
They can't get rid of the Coyotes here.
If the Coyotes were good, Arizona and Scottsdale as a whole,
it would be too good of a hockey market for them to get rid of that team.
I agree, buddy.
Well, thanks for calling. Yeah, absolutely. thanks for having me guys go off was there buzz
around town when you guys made the western coverage final yeah notice it was like catching on
yes and then the next like it wouldn't anaheim kind of when they're in the hunt yeah but the
next year they had the half year lockout so it killed any momentum that we had and it just yeah that along with uh ownership up in
turmoil constantly and no like you just you need solid ownership you need to win correct if you win
they will come and yeah i guess you don't win without solid ownership but i i it i think it
would be all i think it would be awesome if they were good there. Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Preach to the choir.
Oh, is he still on the line?
I don't know.
Nope.
Next up, we got a caller from the 902.
902 caller, what's your name, where you're calling from,
and what do you got for the boys?
Hey, boys.
Big fan of the show. Brad Adams calling from Nova Scotia, Canada.
Oh, yeah.
What's up, Brad?
Good energy.
Hey, boys. The first place to lots of up, Brad? Good energy. Hey, boys.
The birthplace of lots of great hockey players,
as you guys know.
Absolutely.
Hey, boys.
I just got more of a grind my gears segment,
if you will, instead of a question.
What's your guys' thoughts on Bedard
getting booed up in Montreal?
To me, I think that's bullshit.
Biz loved it.
Biz loved it.
18-year-old kid.
I fucking hate that shit. me some thoughts boys i know
pierre luke was going into winnipeg night he's going to probably get a few maybe deserving booze
but i don't think that 18 year old kid deserves it give me some thoughts i think it's playful i
think they're just kind of wanted to be known as the first fan base to give him the boo and give
him that treatment i think that's like a badge of honor and if if i'm conor bedard that's that's fucking dope that's part of this whole experience because like i don't
view it as something threatening i view it as something like yeah you know it's is it not
playful as a guy who knows from the other end of being booed at home being booed on the road is an
awesome thing and i think as i can't i can't say from experience i
had the bad one but the guys who do get booed on the road i bet you if you asked them all they'd
love it and it probably only fires them up more i remember when yager would come to pittsburgh
like they'd it got way less by the time i was i was playing but there'd still be some booze when
he touched the pockets like just let him be you're only firing him up even more. So I bet you Bedard
enjoyed it a little bit. And I think those fans
I agree with you guys. I think
they're like, oh, we're going to give it to him.
This is the NHL. So I don't think it was
bullshit. I mean, they're Montreal fans,
right? They'll do it to their own players as
well. But it's just, it's a
badge of honor on the road.
I've been booed by him.
And Bedard said that himself.
He,
he enjoyed it.
I was more or less thinking of it from an 18 year old kid standpoint,
maybe not being so hard.
You can't think of it.
It's what you need to think of as an 18 year old,
because people have said it's just out of control.
Like how big his story and coverage is now,
but he isn't really a normal 18 year old kid.
Like this is what happens when you're that good at something.
There's going to be this much attention with it.
Yeah, for sure, guys. Thanks for the comments.
We're enjoying watching
them up here. I got two young kids there.
Hockey's real relevant in our house again.
I'd say a large part of that
is due to Conor Boudard. Thanks for taking my
call. Hey, do you still think it's
bullshit? Have you changed your mind since our
opinion? I like having your
opinion from an NHL experience standpoint, guys.
Yeah, for sure.
I like that you said that, you know what I mean?
From an out-of-town kind of perspective, that gives you like a...
He's being noticed because he's that good.
He's getting those boos, right?
Cool, boys. Thanks for taking the call.
You're the best. Thanks for listening.
All right, next up, we got a caller from the 207.
Caller from the 207.
What's your name?
Where are you calling from?
And what do you got for Biz, Wit, and RA?
Hey, what's up, boys?
This is Sean from Maine.
What up, Sean?
Sean O.
This question's for everyone except Biz.
He doesn't have, he's too unbiased there.
What do you guys think about the Rangers this year?
Honest opinion.
I think they're going to be good.
I have them in the playoffs.
I think that Shesterkin's that good and Panarin's that good.
Zabaniad and the  it's a really good team.
I don't know if they can win the Stanley Cup unless Kako and Lafreniere light it up.
I think I said that on the Metro Division preview,
but I still think they're in the playoffs,
and they could win a round or two,
and if Shesterkin gets hot, you never know.
It's a good team.
Biz is a hater.
R.A. hates them too, though, deep down.
He hates their fans.
I like to troll their fans.
I got them in the playoffs too.
Shesterkin's too good.
They're pretty much the same roster,
and I think Laviolette's a huge factor as well.
New coach.
He's going to crack the whip a bit.
I wouldn't be surprised if they made a run to the finals.
I'm not predicting it.
I just wouldn't be surprised if it happened.
Yeah, no, I will agree with you guys.
Ranger fans are pretty brutal on Twitter.
But the regular ones of us just want to see the team do good.
But I think Kakos looked pretty good on that top line.
Some of them are bad in person too.
They like sucker people in the,
in the subways.
Avery Zaretsky still owes us a jump in the Hudson as well.
Let's not forget that.
He really,
he bet Pasha and he didn't fulfill his bet.
Shocker,
shocker,
not falling through with his bet.
The Rangers fans,
scumbag.
How about cowbell lady at PNC arena during playoffs?
What was it?
Two years ago.
Didn't she get arrested or something?
They kicked her out because she was swearing at fans
because she kept doing the freaking cowbell.
And as the security guard and police officers were walking out,
she assaulted one of the police officers.
That's just typical behavior from scumbag Ranger fans.
So it's not unbiased.
It's okay to hate a team.
I just hate them. I think you are biased.biased i'm it's okay to hate a team i just hate i think you are
biased but they have a team good enough to win a stay on the cup because they have the goaltending
they have and they have weapons and yeah there's a the card still out on that third line bottom six
production next up boys we got a caller from the 519 caller from the 519 what's your name where
you're calling from and what do you got for the boys? Hey, fellas.
How you doing?
This is John from Stratford, Ontario.
Yeah, I was going to say that's an Ontario number.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I actually was the one that's been DMing you boys a bit, DMing G about my band having
a tune for a little refurbished look on your intro music.
Okay.
Did I repost it?
Yeah, you storied it small town strip
club the band i like it i like it we're always up in discussion about changing our our coming tune
and i don't know sometimes even the one on youtube people are like go back to the original of what and
i don't know what people are asking for now have you heard this song i have not heard it's
incredible it's i give it a nine out of ten can we play it right now song? I have not heard it. It's incredible. I give it a 9 out of 10. Can we play
it right now? I'd have to
find it here, but we can get it. Okay. Alright, we know
what we'll do, buddy.
Alright, I'm going to listen to this.
Because Biz likes it, G likes it, I'd love to hear it.
Alright, you heard it? I have not.
Alright, so we'll listen. Small Town Strip Club, look
them up. Small Town Strip Club. What's your guy's
story? How'd your band start?
So, we've been a band
since 2017 started out as a cover band you know covering a bunch of uh canadian artists a bunch
of rock bands who tragically hip bands like hell yeah i love the hip love gordonis sheepdogs
sam roberts band you cover shania twain you do shania twain we'll do Shania Twain? We'll do it.
We'll do it.
Canadian.
Witt wants you to do it in a skirt with high heels on.
You got to shave your legs.
I never said that.
All right.
We'll check this out.
I'm going to listen to this right when we're done here.
Sounds good, boys.
Can I give you one more Stratford note?
Okay.
So there's a couple of boys in the show from Stratford,
and they've had a come-up in the last two seasons.
Jake Middleton and Jared McCann.
We love those boys around here,
and they're due for a chicklet's appearance.
They're a couple of beauties.
I'd love to have Middleton.
Middleton seems hilarious.
He had the muzzy on the
the no shirt interview with you at tnt yeah and he wears uh the the the jock thing with no jock in it
and like walks around the room and his ass cheeks are hanging out and the boys are like buddy put
some clothes on and his his saying is i run hot like i sweat i run hot he's like ra but in this
case you're in the locker room so he's just cruising around with a man thong on.
So he's a different cat, and he was great when we had him on TNT.
Great personality and definitely a character in the locker room.
So we'll get him on for you.
And even McCann, like he's a fucking sick player.
Didn't he have 40 tucks last year?
Yes.
I think he went through Toronto and Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh.
Whoopsie.
Whoopsie, Daisy. We should have capped him. Love Kurt, but we should have capped. Whoopsie. Whoopsie, Daisy.
Love Kurt, but we should have kept him.
All right, buddy.
Well, thanks for calling.
Anyways, boys, appreciate it.
Have a good one.
Good luck.
Good luck.
Good luck with the band, bro.
All right, guys, I'd like to introduce you to Cheap Shot by Small Town Strip Club.
This is the song that they want to be our intro song.
Oh, is that alright?
Fucking awesome.
I would 100 start the show with this jam.
This is our vibe, boys.
Here we got beat.
This is a good jam.
I'll take it.
Well, and it would probably end right now in terms of the intro to the show, correct?
Yeah. Oh, that goes on for 14 minutes straight.
R.A. is the classic rock guy.
What are your thoughts here?
I really do like it, man.
I think it's got a good upbeat vibe.
Yeah, it's upbeat.
I miss the days way back in the day when we could use actual songs because we weren't going to get DCM8 get dcm8 or whatever we're going independent dog i i know but it was what are these guys now
we use uh like it's a paid system called apm it's tough yeah it's not right every time no we have
the same one every time but it's basically just like a song that doesn't have i've been begging
to change it why so why haven't we gone to him or this song well
Grinnelli I'll commend you man you've been very protective over what we change it up to
but I feel like this is the first one that we've actually all been like okay we might have
something here yeah and I think when he sent it over it was right before chicklets cup so we really
haven't had time to sit down and be like all right man we're doing this let's start a contract
I'm down I'm down let's do it let's start the show I vote yes I'm down with that all right, man, we're doing this. Let's sign the contract. I'm down. Let's get it done. I'm down. Let's do it. Let's start the show.
Yes.
I'm down with that.
All right.
You're the godfather.
What do you think?
I just said 100.
I mean, the fact that we like, we don't even have like, it's the only option and it's good.
It's great.
Can we roll it back one more time for like, how long is the intro?
30 seconds.
I was going to ask G, I would like to hear as it would be in the show before the show begins.
Yeah, give us a fade, too.
So I'm imagining, pause it for a second.
I'm imagining that I'm getting in my car, 6.30 a.m., Tuesday morning, a bunch of crazy shit's going on in the NHL that week.
And then you're fired up to listen to the boys, listen to Chicklets.
And now, boom, go ahead.
Hit it. Everybody. I'm still liking it
I love it
alright alright
there you go boom
no no wait wait
it's gonna build up.
And then right there.
Where are you with it?
Oh, God.
Now you're slowly fading out the cheap shot here.
The wording on what it said.
Can you go back to the wording?
It felt like a good time to cut it out.
But you're saying we need the cheap shot.
No, I think before the tune changes going down, you start the show, dude.
It's fired up. But then he's saying it hits you with like another banger of like cheap shot and it's kind of the brand and then you fade out
on the cheap shots yeah so i love the beginning i like it more than the cheap shot part but but
i know what you're saying i the beginning's great dude should we listen one more time
until after the cheap shot i do so i want to So you're doing it like the show will start? Yes.
So that seems long.
I know, but it's such a fucking good teamwork. Are you serious with me, dude?
That's a long time.
I think we could start it about halfway through here, too.
I was going to say,
if you don't start the song from the top,
then it might work.
If you want to get the cheap shot,
I like to start, though, too.
Jesus.
Yeah, I do, too.
It's too long.
Okay, so how long, how long time wise from the start
till after it says cheap shot we're talking 30 seconds if that that's even 5 10 5 no 15 20 maybe
that felt like more no i'm saying i'm sorry i'm thinking what should we go for yeah you want about
a 15 second intro so so time it to see how long it would be after the cheap shot hold on i'm gonna
i'm gonna time it i'm gonna time it beginning, every verse is just going harder and harder.
All right.
Ready?
Yeah.
Play from the beginning here?
Yeah.
And I want to see how long it takes
to where Biz wants it to end.
And then let it keep going through the cheap shot
so we can hear the part that Biz would suggest.
Okay.
Okay.
Yep.
Good to go.
Everybody. Everybody will be fine. I'd start it here.
I think fading out on cheap shot.
He stops it.
It's 39 cents.
Okay.
That's fine.
So they put the time and effort to create this thing.
I feel like the song is good enough and I don't get bored at any period of that.
They deserve for people to hear a decent chunk of the song.
And I fucking like it that way.
And guys on youtube which
the cool thing is we can we're gonna put like chicklets memories and awesome moments that have
happened behind this so it's gonna be like gretzky and charles barkley and ice fishing and i'll be
running his b-roll behind and the start of the song escalates quick and it comes in with a hello
with with ra and then yeah you need that in there that's awesome it's awesome so i i as long as you
guys are cool that 38 seconds seems like a long time but what he's saying makes sense to me if we
have enough people coming off the top rope saying this is ridiculous i don't think people will i
think it's actually going to get them fired up for the show let's try it love it i love it what an
excellent tune i am so fired up that we did this if if we would have never came here i don't think
this ever would have got to wit
and we would have had a debate about this.
There's a reason why we came here today
and I think we got our fucking song, boys.
So thank you to who?
What's the band's name?
Small Town Strip Club.
There we go.
Great name.
Perfect.
Where I used to work.
Hey, we got a partnership, guys.
The Sundowner, where I used to work.
All right, guys, before we go any further,
if you like using debit over credit,
I just learned about something that's definitely a game changer.
Discover Cash Back Debit.
It's a checking account that rewards everyone with cash back on everyday purchases,
which means you can get cash back on hockey ticks
or head-to-toe hockey gear to make this season a total win.
Check out eligibility and terms at discover.com slash cashbackdebit.
Discover Bank, member FDIC.
Now, back to the show.
Thank you to everyone who called in.
Really appreciate that.
It was fun to do.
We did a ton, and I know G cut it down to 30 minutes this time.
We have another 30-minute section of calls coming.
We'll drop during another episode.
But Small Town Strip Club, the band, the song, Cheap Shot, I dug it.
I just kind of pictured people getting into the car, going to work Tuesday morning,
looking forward to Chicklets, and boom, that song gets going, kind of gets you fired up.
And we listened to it a bunch.
We've listened to it since.
I think it's a  I mean, for them to reach out and it's nice they named their band after business junior
career strong small town strip club him just you know frequenting all these spots i worked at the
fucking sundowner we should film the music video at the sundowner on stage where they used to have
forget you were a bouncer at a strip club yeah That's just perfect. Yeah, for seven shifts, and then I was done.
I like that jam.
I like that jam.
I think it'd be a great intro song for us.
I don't know how long we've decided to play it, but what biz?
No, I was going to throw it over to G quickly before I say what I got to say. I was going to say they got a ton of songs, and I'd love to hear what everyone thinks, too,
because I got on a phone with these guys.
We were talking.
We got some of the creative juices flowing, you know, chicklets, cups,
chicklets,
live shows.
They want to be a part of everything.
So if you like their music,
let us know.
Let's start with what the fans think of the,
of the OG song to set the foundation.
The,
to me,
at the beginning is beautiful.
Oh,
nice little touch.
Hey,
like a little Hans Zimmer.
S just put that right there.
I was going to ask you guys,
did you ever used to watch the BET 106 in
park the basement where they would do the you know freestyles freestyle Fridays no I'm I know
shade I know what you're talking about so I want to say it was 106 in park where they used to do
the freestyle Fridays it was all part of it's kind kind of like when you grew up and you had like the rugrats and the lineup of shows.
Well, BET had this section of time
where there was about four when you got home from school.
And every Friday they would have the reigning champion,
freestyler, go against somebody new.
And I remember there was this like Asian guy
who ended up going like 15, 20,
maybe even 30 weeks straight
where I feel that our opening song i would assume that people
like it just as much as us we'll keep it as our song until it potentially is dethroned where
there's a new submission that is better than it that takes its spot i don't know if that'll ever
happen i love this one i think it's catchy it's an independent band we're not going to get hounded
about licensing this and licensing that because the music industry is a fucking joke and how all
that stuff works and how much music actually costs to use i think we should do it freestyle friday
approach though as where it becomes a battle it's never it's never guaranteed you're not guaranteed
your next game it's a privilege that was one of my favorite things, early chicklets,
was getting the songs, picking the songs to start the show
and end the show.
Because we were pretty small back then,
so we could pick all those songs.
We would get DCM8 or DMC, whatever the fuck that is.
I learned a lot of Rolling Stones by doing that, R.A.
Every time I'd ask you, it would always be a Stone suggestion.
You gave me a ton of good suggestions,
but I learned a lot of old rock music. How much would it
cost us to license a stone
song to open up the podcast?
Like hundreds of thousands?
A million? It'd be a lot.
Next thing you know, I'm going to be
having, I'm going to bring out my recorders.
Actually, I mean, gee, it just,
I actually made a playlist
or whatever on Spotify of all the songs
that we used on the
on chicklets in the early days.
So if any other OGs want to check them out, I don't know.
I don't even know if my fucking Spotify name is because I don't go on all that much.
But three hours and 43 minutes of some classic rock.
Good shit.
All right.
Gee, it's that time of the show again.
Grinding my gears.
Brought to you by Big Deal Bruin dot com slash finder.
OK, Karen, what's it this week?
Oh, my fucking we got we got to get that lady on. We have to get that Okay. Karen, what's it this week? Oh my fucking, we got,
we got to get that lady on.
We have to get that lady on.
What supermarket was it at?
Nah,
I don't want to hear her side of the story.
Oh God, let's get the surveillance tape.
Bring back a,
bring,
bring back a forensic grind.
My ears brought to you by that picture with the fucking,
the swooping head.
Do they put,
but already I will say this one,
you're not going, Karen.
I think we all have the same
grind my gears feeling right now,
and you know what's grinding our fucking gears
is our buddy Pasha's hot digs.
Pasha's fucking devil's fucking expert.
We want this guy answering questions.
We had to tell this guy,
Tyler Tafoi was a good player.
Pasha, what the fuck?
We're going to collab this.
We're going to make this a big deal brew,
grind my gears, and a slash kangaroo court.
I think that this guy deserves a podcast suspension
for the idiocy that's been coming out of his mouth
and the fact that you got me to drink the Kool-Aid
of which is being served by the New Jersey Devils.
Pasha, speak on your idiocy.
What the fuck are you talking about, biz?
I have so much to get off my chest I
had to go get a microphone
just so you could hear me
loud and clear what the fuck
are you guys talking about
which hot take do you want
to start with it's all
addressed whatever you want
me to address the New
Jersey Devils what the fuck
am I watching I think that I
think they belong they should
get relegated to the American
Hockey League the way they're
keeping the puck out of their
neck other than the Boston
Bruins who are doing some crazy
Benjamin Button magic shit, breaking records,
that team's invincible, they lose Bergeron Crecci.
Find me a team in the league that loses
their best two players and still
plays good hockey. You take fucking Matthews
and Marner off.
They lost Shesterkin and Marner.
Let us answer the question.
G just said it.
They lost a Vesna goalie and a Norse defenseman.
Shisterkin missed like three games.
And then while he was gone, Quick was playing like 2012 Quick.
Like that doesn't count.
Next man up.
That's a good team right there, Pasha.
Next man up.
How would the Leafs do without Matthews and Marner?
How would the Canucks do without Patterson and Hughes?
Maybe better.
How much the Oilers are struggling right now?
Imagine them without McDavid and Drysaddle for 11
fucking games. Why are you deflecting
right now? I'm not deflecting. I'm saying
you're chirping the devils while they're playing.
When Hughes got hurt, he was the best player in the
world for that stretch. He was putting up four points a game
doing crazy shit. Nico Heischer
is their captain, a Selkie finalist
80-point guy. You're taking those guys out of
the lineup. No shit. No shit. They're
going to struggle. They were four and seven while those guys were hurt barely keeping their heads above water i'm
not concerned whatsoever obviously they're gonna fucking struggle without can i read you something
can i read you something all right you actually dug this one up and you sent it to the chat and
this is and remind you you know things are bad when devil's fans start turning on their own team
okay this is a devil's fan talking most teams have learned how to beat the Devils.
A 1-3-1 neutral zone defense, check hard.
Devs are a soft team, soft on puppy shit,
and stay out of the box.
Devs have no forecheck game,
and ops limit our speed, opponents, as in ops.
Devils get one shot off,
and puck is immediately going back the other way one and done two kind of like a one pump chump like you and the rapper d1 pinching and i can't read
the rest of it already because for whatever reason it's not pulling up the tweet but if you want to
read that one from annie annika devils who wrote that tweet albert einstein oh check hard and stay
out of the box.
That's how you beat any fucking team.
That's not groundbreaking.
Well, they can't do it.
That's not groundbreaking. Well, they can't do it if it's so fucking easy.
All of a sudden, these people are saying that they can't do it.
Yeah, no shit.
The Devils can't sustain pressure without Jack Hughes,
one of the best possession players in the game,
and Nico Hucher, one of the best two-way centers in the game.
Winnipeg don't need it.
They learn how to cycle the puck.
No shit.
Their game is starting.
Oh, and by the way, they're missing 40 40 goal team o'meara for half those games too
they got oh yeah like he's fucking done unbelievable pasha what do you mean he's
looking just phenomenal i wouldn't let him on my big deal selects team fuck you guys talking about
so listen i'm not saying it's a hundred percent because of injuries but like i would say till a
week ago there was no concern because it was like
those three guys are out you know whatever talk to me when they're back i told you this in the
group chat with last week against detroit was when the first red flag came up and the alarm bell
started sounding for me that was the worst game i've seen them play in well over a season they
lost four nothing they were shut out for the first time in like 105 games after the game, Lindy said it was the worst game he's ever seen them play.
That was a major red flag for the Navy.
He's deflecting too because his ass is on the hot seat.
I saw the fire Lindy chants are going again.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Trending again.
Listen, I am the  well, you know Devil's fans.
They're fucking crazy with that shit.
Pasha did it from his burner account on Twitter
because he couldn't even get into his own account.
Yeah, liabetic.
He locked himself out because he doesn't want to get ruined
by everybody else online, including Rangers fans.
My thing is all he ever said to me when I was an Oilers fan
was power play merchants.
This is literally what the Devils are.
Who said that to you?
You used to always say to me the Oilers are power play merchants.
The Oilers are power play merchants.
I said that about JT Miller too.
What are the Devils? They don't have goalies
and they only score on the power play.
Let me finish
what I was saying here. Okay,
let me finish reading this tweet that finally came up.
Are you going to pull out Einstein's tweet again?
No, it gets better, buddy. It gets
better. D went pitching. Oh yeah, check
hard and stay out of the box and score more goals
than your opponent. No, and I even said this a few.
They really figured out how to beat the devils, yeah.
This fucking Twitter account
should be coaching your team right now
for the amount of incompetence that I'm seeing.
So let me finish what the person wrote
because they're bang on
and I said it a couple podcasts ago.
It goes, D when pinching and they do pinch a lot.
They have no back coverage.
Your opponent takes risks
and leads to too many odd man rushes.
Buddy, I watched them play against the Colorado Avalanche.
Yes, without their top two centers.
You've got Michael McLeod, their shutdown guy.
I don't know if they were missing both their top two centers in that Colorado game.
They were missing Huesher and Hughes.
Okay, so what?
It didn't teach them how to not fucking pinch and give up 13 odd man rushes in the one game.
They played like shit that game on the road against one of the best teams in the league.
Big fucking whoop.
Okay, so I'm going to finish this thing off.
This is a coaching fault.
They won't change their game, and the rest of the NHL has learned.
And I don't disagree with these comments.
Buffalo really learned it last game.
You know, A, and you know what I think a big loss is?
Shut the fuck up, Pudge.
And, Witt, you might be able to back me up on this.
I think that Andrew Burnett had a lot to do with the success of that team
who's now moved on to Nashville.
Tell me if I'm fucking crazy.
Yeah, I think he ran the power play, which is still buzzing.
No, no, no, no.
But their PK stinks.
Andrew Burnett ran the power play,
which was middle of the pack.
Now they have Travis Green,
and now the power play's lights out.
So that's...
Pasha, my thing is...
You don't think he was helping in other areas?
Like helping Sleepy Lindy write the lineup cards?
Pasha, their goalies aren't good.
And you've never, ever said,
like, oh, yeah, I wonder about the goalies.
No, no, no.
I'll be honest about it. I said last year, I was going into it, being like, okay, yeah, I wonder about the goalies. No, no, no. Devils, man.
I'll be honest about it.
I said last year I was going into it being like, okay, we'll see what happens with Vanacek.
Vanacek was breaking Broder's records last year for wind streaks
and all this shit.
Well, he was.
That's a fact.
There's nothing to laugh about.
It's a fact.
Yeah, who sent that one?
Anika Devils?
Their goaltending is a major, major, major 10 bell alarm issue right now.
That is their only issue.
Their only real main solid issue.
The injuries thing is hopefully over the hump.
He's just back.
Hughes is back.
Meyer should be back soon.
Their goaltending is an issue.
Van to check this guy for all the records.
I just mentioned last year.
Who's breaking.
I've had it up to here with him.
This fucking guy lets in the softest goals.
I predicted when I came on here in the summer,
Schmied would take over as the starter by Christmas.
Akira?
He hasn't looked great either,
but I still have more faith in him than Vanacek.
But their goaltending has been god-awful.
They're 29th in the league.
The Oilers are one of the few teams
that are worse than them.
And as you know,
the Oilers shouldn't be as bad as the record shows.
But when you have goaltending that bad,
every little defensive mistake
is just exaggerated, put in the spotlight.
So yes, the goaltending is a major, major issue. They remind me of the Oilers. that bad every little defensive mistake is just exaggerated put in the spotlight so so yes the
goaltending is a major major issue where they remind me of the oil like they have zero toughness
there's just no like grit and dirt in that team man they're just high flying power play merchants
and they don't ever like that no no that is not true they are not power play merchants they're
five on five first of all they're five on five 38 percent right now and they're not even in the And they don't ever like that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, was doing their five on five um i will tell with that but they're yes the goalies are a fucking
problem here the power play looks lights out five on five they're a solid team all right since you
happen to their goaltending it's figured out since you won't acknowledge the amount of odd man rushes
and in defensive zone breakdowns and you're just going to point the finger at a young goalie like
a fucking idiot you are let's go back why don plenty of odd man rush. Why don't we go back to another power play merchant here?
JT Miller, since your comments on the podcast.
I don't like his body language.
I'm glad you brought it up.
I don't like that he slams torches.
I don't know what you're going to say right now, Pasha.
You don't know what I'm going to say right now?
I'll tell you.
I don't like his body language when he tells his teammate goalie to get the fuck off the ice because it's a delayed penalty.
I don't like his body language.
Since I made my comments, I've got every fucking Jagaloon Canucks fan from British Columbia, Vancouver, out to fucking Surrey in my DMs being like,
I better not see you with the Roxy, bro.
You're going to get suckered, bro.
Fuck you.
Good.
The Canucks have played seven games since I've made my comments.
Those seven games could not have exemplified my point any better.
In those seven games, at five on five, JT Miller has two goals and zero assists.
He's negative two.
He's had highlight reel plays like that turnover to Kael McCarr in a one-goal game late in the fucking third.
Are you fucking kidding me?
This guy, he's making 8 million a year. Every every time he gets a point i'm getting my dms blown up
i would fucking hope he gets five on five points now and then he's making eight million dollars a
year two goals zero assists at five on five in the last seven games one of them i could have scored
he was sitting on the goal line and he fucking pushed it an inch that's that's the quality
he could teach timo meyer to get to the blue paint he's had five power play points in that time what did i say i never said the guy sucked i said he's overrated
gets all his points in the power play not great five on five he literally has proven that in the
last seven games exactly what i said so what the posh you're determining wait wait you're
determining a guy who's playing against top lines night in, night out, having two five-on-five goals and only being minus two as you're
And he's plus 10 on the season.
Oh, okay, okay.
So, no, when I made this comment, it was what, 11 games into the year?
And that was based on a larger sample size of the last couple years.
Last year, JT Miller had as many five-on-five points as Jordan Martinuk.
Let that sink in.
Jordan Martinuk had a career year.
Don't talk bad about Jordan Martinuk.
Fuck you. That's no knock on Jordan Martinuk. Time out. Everyone's Jordan Martinuk. Don't talk bad about Jordan Martinuk. Fuck you.
That's no knock on Jordan Martinuk.
Time out.
Everyone's talking JT Miller like he's a fucking god.
Well, yeah, but it just so happens he plays.
He's making 8 million a year.
Jordan Martinuk's making 1.5.
They'd say he's out of 5 on 5 points.
How much does Timo Meier make?
He makes 8 and change.
More than JT Miller.
Would you be okay with the body language and point production from JT Miller on your squad right now? Actually,
let's put it this way. Pasha, you
honestly would tell me you'd rather
Timo Mayer on the Devils
than JT Miller.
It's easy to say no based on the last
20 game sample size. No, I'm talking
about how they played the game like a fucking
angry motherfucker. The 100 point
season he had, like I mentioned, was all
in the fucking power play. He sucks five on
five. Posh, leave fucking
Pavel Zakhar alone, too, by the way, all right?
Oh, yeah. How about the Zakhar call
before he went to Boston? Let's go.
Let's talk, baby.
I think Grinelli said we don't
want him on the first or the fourth
line. You want to talk Zakhar again?
Listen, in my opinion, this
was a hockey trade that both teams
won i love what eric oh oh backpedal backpedal if i can move the goalposts you talk we're gonna get
it we're gonna get a peloton sponsorship with all this backpedaling zaka has 16 points in 20
games this year holla has 12 points in 18 games with far less power play usage in first line time
and all that okay so those are relatively comparable numbers.
Hey, Witt, who outperformed who in the playoffs last year when it mattered the most?
Holla had a better playoffs than Zaka.
I'll take that any day of the fucking week.
Holla's the leader in that room.
I mean, he had six assists in seven games last year.
Zaka was great in the playoffs last year.
Holla was one of the devil's best players in that first round.
And he helped them win around.
What did Zaka do?
What did Zaka do?
Pull up the point production.
I think Hala probably had at least six points as well.
He had six points in 12 games, and Zaka had six points in seven games.
Suck on that, Pasha.
Who got to the second round?
Oh, yeah.
The second round was a result of Hala.
I just think Hala.
Hala scored some massive goals in that series.
Actually, he was really good and you know what
you finally won
one slice of an argument during this
entire time you've been on congratulations
I just think that you
you ever
since the day I met you you're a devil's fan
you love them which I respect especially
a kid from Vancouver who hates the Canucks
and will probably get in a couple of fights
he started the riots He started the riots.
He hates the Canucks. He started the riots.
I didn't even mention that. It wasn't even a Canucks fan.
He started the first fight. Him and his rich Westman buddies.
He's wearing Bruins jerseys to Game 7
and shit. He hates them. You threw me under the bus
so hard that podcast saying I hate the Canucks.
I had everyone damning me about that
when I was locked out of my Twitter and I couldn't defend
myself. I literally said, other than
Heischer, there's no captain I'd rather see
raise the cup than Quinn Hughes.
I pumped his tires, pumped Pedersen's tires.
I said, Demko is one of the best goalies in the league.
Talk, it's done an unbelievable job there coaching.
Hoglanders look great.
The investors looked amazing. The team has a lot of good
things going for them. Miller is still a one-trick
pony. He's fucking overrated.
But... 33 points!
Team's got a lot of good things going for them.
I do not hate them.
I would like to clarify that.
You like the players, but you hate the franchise.
You like the players because you grew up with them in Vancouver.
I don't agree with the process.
Like, that night at dinner in Newport.
That night at dinner in Newport,
you listed the Western Cup contenders,
and you said Vegas, Colorado, Dallas.
Then you included the Canucks in that group.
That is such an insult to those teams.
The Canucks are not in the same stratosphere as those fucking teams.
Let me ask you this.
When you look at their team and you look at their goalie,
I don't know their start right now.
If they get in the playoffs, anything could happen with that goalie.
The team has no prospects.
I think it's crazy to say right now that the Canucks have zero chance
of winning the Stanley Cup.
Of course they have zero chance of winning the Stanley Cup.
Of course they have zero chance.
If you make it in the playoffs, you've got a chance.
But to include them in the contenders conversation with the big boys in the West?
I think when you have a goalie as good as Demko.
I think R.A. said that because he's got his future. No, no, you said it right after you were talking about the tree they planted.
I think the way that their bottom six is playing,
I think if they're able to add a piece up front at the deadline,
one more.
I probably would add a big piece to the back end
maybe before I did up front.
What did I say when I came on?
I said the Canucks PDO is astronomically through the roof
and it's going to regress.
Since then, what's happened?
They're three and four.
They just lost to the NHL history worst team ever, San Jose Sharks.
They're coming back down to earth, and that's going to continue to happen.
They're a decent team.
They're a solid team.
They're better than I thought.
They're going to make playoffs, but they are not on this planet
of fucking cup contender that everyone has them on now.
We talked to JT Miller, and he's pretty much confirmed
wants a sandbagger this summer coming up.
What will you do if he reaches a certain amount of five-on-five points
for the rest of the season?
We need to set a number here, R.A., as far as
Biz, Biz, Biz, can you just repeat that?
You cut out.
I didn't hear what you said about that bet.
I said that we need to figure out a bet where we're going to have to set a number
for J.T. Miller five- five on five points from right now
until the rest of the season to get the Pasha stamp of approval.
And if he hits that mark, there has to be some form of punishment
when we have him live in the flesh at Sandbaker.
I'm thinking maybe you stand at the end of the tee box
and he's allowed to drive one right at your nutsack.
That's what I'm thinking off the top of my head.
How's that for body language, Pasha?
We can do that, yeah. But let me where were you guys were crickets when I brought up
those stats like two points five on five and seven games with a fucking I don't think that
that's that horrible when you're playing against top lines for an eight million dollar player
part of his responsibility is to shut down other teams top lines too oh yeah when it
coughed it up to my car in a one goal game late. So you don't think you don't think Jack Hughes
could go.
You don't think Jack Hughes
in a seven game span
of the Devils going three and four
could have two five on five points.
No, Jack's on the power play.
He's one of the best
five on five players.
I understand that.
But like you could go
into little ruts
as the whole team struggles
through a seven game span.
You're like, OK,
but I'm not nitpicking.
I'm not talking seven game sample size.
I'm talking full season sample sizes last year.
Same five on five percentage as Jordan Martin.
Look like that's why I even brought it up.
You guys are talking about an 11,
12,
15 game sample size.
I'm talking about full season sample sizes.
I'll put more value on that than a hot start to a season.
Is a full season,
an actual sample size.
What do you mean?
All right.
I mean,
it seems too big to be a sample though.
All right,
Pasha,
you know what?
You grind that.
I guess pretty good tonight.
Once again,
big deal,
Bruin.com slash find it,
check it out.
See if it's near you.
Pasha,
always a pleasure to have you on any final thoughts.
Thanks for having me boys.
Also every devil's or every fan in my DMs chirping about the devil's this devil's that I will will bet you the devils may playoffs so just come at me we'll make a bet devils are going to
be just fine am i am i seeing here of jack hughes's 25 points five i mean eight of them are five on
five what was last year okay well we're going by this season Who's got more five on five points? Who's got more five on five points per game?
No.
Pump the brakes.
G, do the math.
Who's got more five on five points per game?
Because I know that Hughes has been injured a little bit.
We're not doing this Mickey Mouse fucking cherry picking 12 game sample size.
Cherry picking?
That's what he would do.
25 of the season?
12 game fucking sample sizes.
Why don't you do all of last season and this season combined?
That's a way more trustworthy sample size.
That's a way more trustworthy sample size.
We're a quarter of the way through the season.
All right, this has grinded my gears.
By the way, all you Chicklets fans, especially Vancouver fans,
I'll be giving out Pasha's address in West Vancouver as well.
He's in the Witness Protection Program right now in Arizona. I'll be getting that address out to you as well. He's in the witness protection program right now in Arizona.
I'll be getting that address out to you as well.
So safe hiding.
All the bridge and tunnel people from Vancouver are going to be murdered.
See you guys at the Roxy.
Thanks for having me,
boys.
All right.
See you,
buddy.
So 11 of JT Miller's 33 points or five on five and eight of Jack Hughes,
25 points or five on five. I don Jack Hughes, 25 points or five on five.
I don't really,
it's basically the same.
I just don't,
it's not like a detriment.
You fucking score in a fucking power play or whatever.
I just,
you know,
he,
he sounds like makes it sound like it's a bad thing.
I mean,
if you fucking get points,
who gives a fuck?
I will say though,
that,
that a determining factor of how dominant a player is
is what he's able to do out there five on five,
especially to today's defending standards compared to the past.
So I don't know right now who would be leading the league in five on five.
Sidney Crosby.
He's leading the league in five on five points.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Legend.
All right.
Well, that's a good way to end it.
It's all came full circle.
Almost. Too. All right. Well, that's a good way to end it. It's all came full circle. Almost.
One.
Oh.
Two small notes.
Actually, I want to give a shout out to our linesman, Tyson Baker.
I don't know if you saw the fight with Calgary flame Dennis Gilbert in Nashville's Michael McCarron.
He made a hell of an effort.
I think he got his hand underneath the guy's head or helmet.
Yeah.
I mean, just, you know, just the awareness and just heads up.
A heads up play.
So we want to give a shout out to capacity. Just heads up. A heads up play.
So we want to give a shout out to Tyson. All right, just to set the tone.
Just to set the tone.
Two guys got in a fight.
And as one of them fell to the ground,
the ref dove and caught the guy's head right,
because his helmet was off.
He caught the back of his head right before he hit the ice.
It was probably two inches away.
And you could even see the look on the player's face
as he was going down.
The ref caught his head.
He was like, oh my God.
The guy just saved his life.
So shout out to him.
Those linesmen, they're trying to make sure they don't get hit with a punch.
That's a tough gig, breaking up those fights.
And then to have the awareness to do that, that was a couple clicks for sure.
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
And thanks for chiming in there, Gino, to elaborate a little bit more.
And last thing we have here, Chicago Blackhawk Corey Perry
has left the team for the foreseeable future
and really nothing,
nobody really knows what's going on.
It doesn't seem to be trade related.
I don't know what the hell's going on.
Nobody seems to be there.
Blackhawks are very tight-lipped about it.
So it's a news story.
He's obviously a legendary player.
So he's not with the Blackhawks.
We don't know if he's going to be back.
We don't know what's going on.
Nobody seems to, but it's newsworthy, so we're passing along.
That's all. I will say one
thing on it. So there's some
brutal rumors going on online,
like stupid shit. Ignore
that fucking noise. It has nothing to do with
some of these things that you've been reading. When
it's time for it to come out, it'll come out,
but ignore all the bullshit that's
going on and trying to fucking stir
things up.
Nothing's confirmed and fuck off.
We don't like to comment on
guys' personal lives and all that stuff,
so leave them alone.
Yeah, it's okay to wait two weeks,
a month, whatever, to make sure you don't fucking
trip somebody. Yeah, once we know the story, we can kind of talk about it.
I know that's not the world now, but boys, great show.
Any final thoughts you want to share before we
vamoose? Thank you to everyone for buying Black Friday,
Saturday, Monday merch.
Oh, sorry, G.
Yeah, thank you everyone for buying merch.
That's unreal.
I guess going back to it, though, I will say, like,
Chicago could probably just come out and say what happened
and then these rumors aren't out there.
Like, maybe, like, they actually address it.
I don't know.
Now, granted, I don't know what happened,
but I think you could argue with Davidson being so tight-lipped
and it's like, all right, well, obviously these ridiculous,
crazy rumors are going to start circulating.
So why doesn't the team come out and say what happened
and get ahead of the story and not cause people to be kind of crushed
by different bullshit rumors?
All right, you're shaking your head.
You agree, eh?
I'm agreeing.
I'm saying of all fucking franchises to like try to keep the fucking
little something.
Yeah, you might want to fucking revisit that a little bit in Chicago.
Not to mention that they sent him home.
They were like, this is our decision.
He's not here.
And then he came out with a statement with his agent saying like, yeah,
I'm going home to address personal stuff.
So if I'm the Chicago Blackhawks,
I'm coming right out and saying what happened.
And then you put to bed all the bullshit
people are hearing. So that's my statement
on it. And as G said,
everyone, thank you so much for buying the
merch, supporting us. It means the world to us.
I hope you guys enjoy what you ended up buying.
Good Christmas gifts. Good for yourself.
And thank you.
Thank you as always. It's an amazing fan base.
We love you all.
