Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, here's your love.
They say a drunk at speech is just so good. I like to pull the bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch.
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot You hit me with a cheap shot
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 474 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney for my friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family
Geez biz, after the NHL this weekend
I'm surprised Tim Dr the Hook McCracken
didn't whack me over the head when I'm saying hello.
Holy shit, you're humming out of the gate, buddy.
I love it.
Wild weekend.
We're going to get to that shortly.
But of course, we say the boys.
Hi to the boys first.
We'll go to the Whit Dog.
Ryan Whitney, what's shaking with you?
How was your week, your weekend, whatever?
Great.
Pretty chill.
Not much going on.
My buddy coaches his daughter's might team,
like first year might might like might see whatever
might be maybe and so they had a bunch of kids that couldn't make the game i guess there was a
big time second grade birthday party and he said hey does rider and rider's buddy my friend billy's
son uh do they want to come play i said for sure we got nothing going on saturday at like 5 30
and holy shit man there was a guy.
Pass the puck, pass the puck, pass the puck.
Shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot.
Skate, skate, skate, skate.
And I'm like, this is it?
This is what it's going to be like?
There's a guy in the crowd like this for might sees?
This is unbelievable.
I realized, holy shit, there are absolute lunatics out there.
But he had a great time,
had an absolute blast. And that was a lot of fun for us. And we did dinner, you know,
a bunch of couples hanging out. Actually, on Friday, I had to go into the city and do some stuff. The traffic was horrible. I was leaving the house. I left the house at like 2.15. Horrible.
And so the traffic was backed up all the way off the entrance to the
highway i'm right in front of president's golf course so local people will know what i'm talking
about and i'm just waiting even to get on the highway and the highway is not moving either
it's a parking lot so i'm just waiting this is going to take me forever to get in here
and then as i get on the on-ramp finally i'm almost ready to get to the highway we're moving
i'm talking like one mile an hour, right?
And then stop and go, stop and go.
Well, I tapped the guy in front of
me. I wasn't paying attention.
I tapped the guy in front of me.
I'm talking, I had to be going
three miles per hour.
It was like in Black Sheep when he's like,
you know how fast you were going? And he's like,
you were seven, seven miles per hour.
Row ads, row, row ads.
Guy comes out with a neck brace on
just fucking listen to the cleaners so i'm like fuck me dude so they just stop in the middle as
opposed to like moving over so everyone can get by the horns are going i'm like oh my god so i
actually pull up to the right and put my window down. I look. It's a tiny little red car, like no back seat basically.
But there's two people in the front.
There's a big dude in the back.
I don't even know how he fit.
And then I look, and there's like a two-year-old kid, no seat belt, no seat, nothing, just laying down like on his lap.
And the window's down on the passenger side.
I'm like, hey, hey hey you just want to
pull over and they look at me and you know they just start speaking spanish there wasn't a word
of english coming out of this car start peeling off some hundreds so i'm like holy shit and i
could see him on the phone i'm like here we go and i look there was a little mark in his car like
definitely like i bumped it but i'm talking like a scrape like
like if you'd walk by and and whatever so all of a sudden dude two cop cars an ambulance a fire
truck i'm like jesus christ i put i put my seat back because like people are driving on the highway
everyone's looking people are now now the cop got there and he had them move over so like you know the traffic could get onto the highway and i'm like
somebody's gonna see me that i know it was like i'm trying to the office fucking gifts so i'm like
what's going on up there the guy's like yeah well they don't speak english we got to get a spanish
speaking guy to come here so we wait for that and they want to go to the hospital. No. So I'm like, whoa.
Hey, buddy, I was going three miles an hour.
Like, I don't want to end up getting like they're going to try to sue me.
I'm already pant.
I'm already thinking like they're going to they're going to get the neck and check.
It's on judge duty.
He's exactly.
So I'm like, fuck, man.
I and the guy's like, no, no, it's all insurance.
It doesn't matter.
It's already written down as I remember.
I forget what he said, like minor fender bender, whatever it was, where it was obvious that they couldn't
say they were injured from this. But apparently, you know, maybe they didn't know that they just
wanted to try to go to the hospital and scam. So finally, after about an hour and a half,
the cop comes over. Hey, you're good to go. Like whatever exchange. I gave my insurance card, all that. Sure is shit, dude.
I'm driving home about two hours later.
Horrible traffic again.
All right.
The rotary in front of the state police.
Oh, it's a salty.
Yeah.
Biz disaster.
This place.
All right.
Some ladies in my side.
I buried another car.
Oh, come on.
It's weird. This time I buried another car. No. Come on.
This time I took the ladies.
Now, we were... Wait, fuck off.
Honestly, two accidents in one day?
I swear to God.
And my driving record is immaculate.
This one, also standing dead still, but I just went to...
The car in front of me would not push out to the rotary.
And I'm an idiot.
And I just went right and just ladies.
What could a side view mirror fell off?
So within three hours, dude, I hit two cars.
I showed up to the house.
I go, I just got two accidents.
I'm still barely coming out of the
lasagna oh yeah oh fuck i was gonna ask you about that so she you know it's just like what have a
friday you try to go get some stuff done in the city prior to christmas and bury two cars and
cost myself about three extra hours dealing with different issues with the police.
No fire trucks, no ambulances for this one.
But I mean, I can't imagine what this is going to cost me.
That one was just stupidity of me.
Another Birkin bag for you.
Two in one week.
Well, I didn't hit her car.
No, I know, but it's my costume.
The other driver.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, but you know what I did?
I trusted the old, the little light they have in side view mirrors now that tell you if a car's in the blind side.
Instead of going by the old school way of just checking your shoulder, I just trusted that there was nobody there because no orange light on the little side view and just boom.
So I apologize profusely to this woman.
I felt horrible. And, you know, she to this woman i felt horrible and you know she's
taking care of her father and stuff and she needs a car i'm like i'll just get you a rental car it's
just just an absolute boneheaded friday by your boy pathetic driving um so i've been down in the
dumps about that but overall hell of a weekend besides that i i i pretty much um escaped the the
lasagna incident now she was mad but i in, just as I mentioned on the pod.
I went in, and I tried to tell some jokes, and I made the kids laugh.
And I really made the kids laugh wrestling, being a big T-Rex dinosaur.
And she couldn't help but I saw her crack a smile.
And then I actually ate the burnt lasagna in her face just to say, it's still good.
It's still good.
And I was like, it's fucking horrible as I'm eating it but i was like it's great just have some oh yeah and then i
promised her i'd make her lasagna and in my head i did believe i would she said no you won't and i
was like the alonzo morning jiff i was like i would pay you're right i won't probably pay
10 grand to see video of you walking back upstairs and just sucking up to her and trying
to get her her to crack a smile oh i was trying everything i was like let me let me roll back
little back rub too get away from me get away from me all right i'll rub your butt i'll rub
your butt stop it but you know what you just continue on that you continue on the attempted
comedy routine until you know your wife will end up breaking at some point.
Full corpus.
I haven't got a meal cooked for me since.
Oh, no.
Have you ever upset the old lady
to that degree?
Has R.A. ever upset
his old lady?
I don't know, man.
He's probably a better driver than you two, Whit, now.
Dude, when we drove
a few months ago, you too, Witt, now. Dude, when we drove, what was it, a few months ago,
you drive like city style, man.
I was like impressed.
Like, you don't fuck around.
I was like, wait.
I can drive.
Oh, no, absolutely.
Obviously, this episode is proving maybe I can,
but I'd gone 15 years without anything even remotely close to a fender bender.
What about the time that you-
And then I get two and three hours.
What about the time you got in the wrong car at the grocery store
How about that one
Didn't get in an accident
Of course I pissed the old lady off
20 something years
It's just a matter of over under how many times I've done it
What's the one thing you've done
Where she like lost it
I robbed a bank
Worse than the lasagna incident
Honestly There's a litany She can come on and do a whole podcast on it I robbed a bank and she's like, what the fuck? Worst in the lasagna incidents. He's not robbing.
Dude, honestly, there's the litany.
She could come on and do a whole podcast on it,
but one that stands out,
and this was ages ago.
Actually, I met him in the same week I'd seen you at Saratoga.
Now, this was like my last chance
to maybe get in the fight apartment.
I was in my 30s.
It was like fading away.
So I was actually on the wagon.
I hadn't been smoking weed for a while.
I was actually trying to focus on it and shit smoking weed for a while it was like I was actually like
trying to like focus on it and shit and
coming over from Saratoga like
I was locked out I forgot my key I knock
on the door and she answers the door and I got a fucking
joint in my ear a little bit she's like you're supposed
to be off the weed you're supposed to be fucking clean
like that's one that comes to mind but this is
17,000 man I mean yeah
that's a lightweight one I know I respect you for not
divulging all your issues yeah there's definitely some, yeah, I don't want to sue myself.
This could have turned into a therapy session real quick.
Yeah, I don't do therapy.
You know who's going to do therapy, though?
I'm still in Irish.
You know who's going to do therapy?
Our boy G.
Oh.
Because he went to one of the craziest things.
I've never even been in this place.
I don't even know if I would go to it, R.A.
Send it over to him.
I cannot wait to hear about this whole breakdown.
What's going on, G?
I haven't heard the show.
Yeah, so I actually went to the box in NYC this weekend.
And for those who don't know what it is, it's essentially a sex show.
It's wild, wild, wild shit.
Everyone said it's similar to something you see on the red light district in Amsterdam.
They have them in New York City.
It's legal, so we went.
But it's also a club in new york city uh it's legal so we went but it's also a club though
right it's a club where you go party and then they have like burlesque dancers yeah so exactly
so it's a club you get bottle service uh and then about halfway through the night lights go out
and the show starts and then it the show runs basically all night so let me say this first
things first i had an amazing time. I had like
the time of my life. We were also the table in the very front. We had the front table in front
of the show. So that like they told us, the girl told me right away, like they're going to pick on
you guys. So like at one point, my buddy's up on stage. He's in a dress getting slapped in the
face with dildos. And it's wild wild so let me just run through some of the stuff
that i saw and i'll and i'll let you guys comment i'd rather get two car accidents in one day oh
yeah so first let's hear a little more and i'll give my opinion the show opens with a person with
giant giant tits and a giant giant cock on stage and they take a drill he takes a the person takes a drill out and puts
the craziest drill but you've ever seen on bends over shoves it up their ass turns it on no fucking
way turns it on a metal drill bit a metal drill bit biz it was one of those things where you're
covering your eyes but you're also like opening to see like i gotta see i gotta see what happens here it was in it was insane it was fucking wild so that same person they also stuck a 10 inch
needle through their penis on stage like what they yeah they sat there on stage music's going
needle through the penis and they're like swinging it around it was fucking crazy um a woman funneled
milk into her vagina she then proceeded to squirt the milk out of her vagina across the whole bar
across you guys are getting super soaked in the face with milk just getting smoked in the face with milk. Just getting smoked in the face with pussy milk. It was fucking wild.
Look at Witt's face.
I'm not kidding.
I'd rather go to jail than be at this place.
So we got bottle service. G finally hit a G spot.
We get, oh yeah, this part we were hitting a G spot.
So I get a bucket of beers, a ton of beers.
There's six people listening to this podcast right now.
I think everybody has shut it off.
The lady comes over, stands on top of our table,
and particularly over one of my one buddy's head,
starts sticking the beers in her vagina and opening them with her vagina.
And let me say, some of these beers, boys, were not twist-offs.
They weren't all twist-offs.
I have no idea how she did this.
It was the craziest, most impressive thing I've ever seen.
Well, she had a Black  Decker drill bit up there still.
It was a different lady.
It was a different lady, man.
It was insane.
And that's a lot of soft tissue up in the vag, too.
What is this place called?
It's called The Box.
How is this legal?
At one point, people were just up on stage
just like having sex and you're like finally some normalcy we got some normalcy on stage just
watching some people dude at one point they had this guy on stage he was wearing a big ted mask
and he had the biggest cock you've ever seen in your life and we we had girls at our table and
they're like no no no that's a fake cock they don't make cocks that big. That's a fake cock. And I'm like, yeah,
yeah, yeah, no, yeah, it's fake. It was the realest cock you've ever seen in your life.
It was touching. It was almost touching the ground. It was a circus cock. The guy was up
on stage the whole time, just in a Ted mask, just swinging his big dick just because he had such a
big dick. Now, are you paying for tickets for this? No, you're paying for bottle service.
You're paying for bottle service.
What was the bill?
What was the bill to watch people
shove drill bits up their ass?
All right, the Black  Decker.
You had me there.
So it was a lot.
It was 7,500 at the end.
Oh my God.
And the worst part is...
This is the biggest waste of money.
The worst part is, boys, listen to this.
We get in there and I'm like, all right.
I think it was a five grand table minimum.
Let's start off with a bottle of 1942.
All the boys are in town.
The boys are back in town.
The boys are getting together.
Let's get a bottle of 1942.
Two minutes into the bottle of 1942,
we each take one shot.
Someone knocks it off the table.
Oh.
It was probably that huge cock.
It could have been
it could have reached us so i actually heard about that place taking it on the road to vegas
i don't know if they opened it in vegas and then it got shut down but buddy it was like to the
point where like a guy like shit and a fishbowl took it out and started like jerking his cock
off with the shit i was not dude we gotta we dude, dude. We got to like. Yeah. I mean.
Yeah.
This is legit.
Hey, I wasn't there.
This is just stories that have been passed on from this experience called The Box.
I was expecting shit, Biz.
I was expecting shit.
They have one in NYC.
I don't know where else they are.
I would never go to one.
I heard about how all these shenanigans go down, and I crossed it off my list.
And then, G, you are our guinea pig.
I don't know
how many people are going to be commenting, um, on whether Twitter, Instagram about this madness.
You've just started off the podcast with, but you are a rookie when it comes to bottle service.
Cause we went to Vegas the one year. Yeah. I think we had 15 K on the credit card before
the waitress walked away. Everyone learns. You learn, you learn from your mistakes. You learn
now I'm a better man and now I'm just
going to the box paying 7,500 to watch
Circus Cox and guys get drill
bits up their ass. Based on R.A. and
Witt's face right now, is G getting a
one pod sussy right now?
Or is this...
He didn't know what was going to take place.
Yes, he knew what was going on in there.
Whose idea was it to go
G before we move on? Was it was it, like, one friend?
I'll tell you what.
For a guy who says he can't afford a wedding ring,
he's dropping 7,500 watching this fucking vagina dentata.
I got a very strong suggestion from one Pasha Ashagi.
Pasha gave me.
Oh, what, to steal a ring?
No, I'm saying for the box.
No, to go to the box. To go to the box.
To go to the box.
This was from Pasha?
He went from an engagement ring
to a cock ring real fast.
Holy shit.
But it's one of those things in New York
everyone says you have to do it once.
Go once, then you never go back again.
It's either going to be the best night of your life
or the worst night of your life.
Let's do a Chicklets live show there.
What's in the box?
A bottle of 1942. What's in the box? A bottle of 1942.
What's in the box?
I mean, that's like...
I feel like people could throw up watching that.
Oh, yeah.
That's what happened with the shit cranking.
That's what happened.
Tijuana shit.
Literally, everybody cleared out of the club,
and then it was never heard from again in Vegas.
That's why I told that story before you cut me off,
lasagna boy.
Fuck that noise.
Last but not least. Well, the story was disgusting. I didn't want to hear it anymore. You almost made me throw up. All right. Sorry. that's why i told that story before you cut me off lasagna boy fuck that noise last one was
disgusting i didn't want to hear it anymore you almost made me throw up all right sorry
what's up guys wit here before we continue it's pink whitney time it's the holiday season oh oh
oh oh oh pink whitney down the gullet and i actually want to tell a quick story about how much somebody I know appreciates Pink Whitney.
I got my local dry cleaners.
Wonderful people.
Wonderful people.
And about six months ago, seven months ago, I brought in a bunch of bottles for them.
I said, hey, this is our vodka.
I'd love for you to try it out.
And they all said, we love it.
I came back the next week to pick up my pants.
No crease in the middle. And I was just pleasantly surprised, not pleasantly surprised. I was very
happy. I wasn't surprised at all because I know everyone loves Pink Whitney, but I was happy to
hear that they loved it. They enjoyed it. And they wanted some more. I said, no doubt. Well,
I'm a flake. I have a bad memory and I forgot to bring some. And finally, finally, last week, the woman said, Ryan, we need more of that Pink Whitney.
We need more of it because I want to give my husband some for Christmas.
And my son, he's a senior in college.
I want to put some in his stocking.
He likes the little nips.
And I said, you know what?
This should have been back the week after you told me how much you liked it.
And I apologize.
So I got a big old shipment coming for the dry cleaners and all those wonderful people down at the Pendable and I'm gonna hook those
people up because they deserve to be hicked up and they love Pink Whitney and they actually
mentioned the refreshing lemon taste in it is what's wonderful that's actually what they told
me that's what the little aftertaste of the lemon Pink Whitney's the number one flavored vodka. That is just, that's a fact,
Jack. So, I mean, having Pink Whitney as a part of our podcast and a big part of all of our lives
to be the number one flavored vodka in the United States of America, what an honor.
So as I mentioned, Christmas gifts, you know, one of those things where if you have a bunch of
people who work for you, get all your employees a little bottle or a nip.
And actually, the best part is you can get them a big bottle because now we got that 1.75 liter bottle.
More of the Pink Whitney we know and love.
Great for parties, sharing with friends, holidays, you name it.
I mean, New Year's Eve with Pink Whitney?
Bring me to that party.
So take your shot with Pink Whitney. Bring me to that party. So take your shot with Pink
Whitney right now.
In the dirty desert,
Paul, biz nasty, biz sonet.
What's going on, my man? How's your week been?
Your weekend? Nothing much.
No, it was pretty chill until
fucking Lasagna Boy Idiot
over here started attacking me on Twitter
after I was watching the Detroit Ottawa game.
Have you not attacked me lately? Have you not Detroit Ottawa game. Have you not attacked me lately?
Shit, that's civil war.
Have you not attacked me lately?
Yeah, when you fucking deserved it, I attacked you.
How so?
What do you mean?
Let's start with one, that fucking idiot take of you coming after me for the
fucking Larkin situation.
How about that one?
Let's start there.
Well, you wrote a novel of a tweet.
It took me 20 minutes to read it.
No, we'll save it.
But you've been coming at me on Twitter lately.
What do you mean we're not saving shit?
We're fucking talking about it right off the hop, man.
You're coming at me on Twitter about the fact that you said that Joseph, he cross-checked him.
He didn't fucking-
Okay, fairness?
No shit you hadn't seen it because you were busy fucking worrying what you're doing with car insurance.
I was watching the game, and that's why I had a long tweet because there was a lot to unpack as my fucking tweet said and i dissected the whole fucking play so here you know what whit
i'll throw it over to you but just remember that remember this one week ago you're on the podcast
spouting off about how people are like oh every time you see something out there everybody wants
a suspension now you can fucking roll the clip if you want g defend yourself you think you think
joseph should have been suspended who j yourself you think you think joseph should
have been suspended who joseph do you think joseph should have been suspended no so i rushed
i rushed to the tweet to go after you yeah before i saw oh here we go okay before i saw the other
get you at the box backpedaling with fucking shit being thrown on you lasagna boy i didn't
see the other angle i know this is one of your favorite teams, the Sens.
But once I saw the other angle and saw it wasn't a cross check.
Now, having seen the first angle, it did look like a cross check from Joseph.
Left hand, not even on the stick.
Left hand, not even on the stick.
I rushed to tweet before seeing all angles available.
And I said, wow, I kind of messed up.
Now, I didn't tweet that.
Oh, yeah, shocker.
So do I get my apology now?
No, because I was more upset with you
or more disagreeing with you
about the fact that you made a big deal
out of Perron doing that.
I never made a fucking big deal out of it.
You said he went over the what
did you say over the line oh can i talk sure sure but i'm gonna defend that point gee make sure you
fucking note it down and i'll bring it back before i fucking bend them over well you're not smoking
weed anymore so you'll be able to remember yeah you'll be able to oh yeah like i can't remember
when i don't when i do smoke weed my my okay perron perron vicious brutal cross check to the wrong guy first off that had
nothing to do with it my entire point was you mentioning perron and thinking of how you played
and seeing your captain knocked out you would have done something similar oh you probably didn't
fucking read it because you were dealing with the second fucking accident. Okay. Can I talk? Yeah, but G, can you read the tweet off?
Read the tweet I sent.
You're wrong again.
You're double wrong.
You're double dipping on the wrongness.
I never said that.
I said, I understand why Perron did what he did,
but you can't come over the top ropes like that.
Ha ha.
Because he came over the top.
I did like the ha ha.
I liked laughing at your own joke on the tweet.
I did like that. But biz, the little ha ha because he came over i did like the ha ha i like laughing at your own joke on the tweet i did right i did like that but biz the little ha ha like that was pretty good i got my biz biz yeah
you don't think if you saw shane doan laying there lifeless you would have done something
one thousand percent i would have that's okay that's pretty much all i said that's what i'm
not apologizing for what i am apologizing for is for is saying Joseph cross-checked him in the neck.
So if G, why don't you read the tweet that I sent, please?
Include the ha-ha.
I can't read, so I'm going to send it over to G.
You've tweeted a lot about this.
So which tweet exactly?
The first one when I said lot to unpack here.
Okay.
I could basically remember it, right?
Whereas, yes, would I have responded to larkin
being down like that i remember a situation where i think it was uh james was newsky when he was
playing with the anaheim ducks back where you might have even been in the goddamn game and
didn't yans fight him i think that yans went after him everybody snapped i ended up i wasn't on the
ice obviously i ended up fighting peros shortly thereafter but if i turn around and my captain's
laying there the way that larkin was i'm fucking throwing punches and then asking questions later
but i'm also not going to cross check a guy in the head i'm fucking tapping him on the shin pads
i'm shimmy shaking him if he doesn't drop him i say fuck it then i'm dropping him and then i'm
feeding him his lunch okay g you probably got the tweet now why don't you read up very carefully
for accident boy over here?
Crash test dummy.
A lot to unpack from that first period in Detroit.
Holy.
Red Wings down to eight forwards.
They're dropping like flies.
Tough sequence for Larkin.
I thought the refs got it right, though.
Joseph was just battling, and Kelly didn't do that intentionally.
I can understand Perron's wires crossing,
but you can't come over the top ropes like that.
Ha ha.
Ottawa's making plays, and Lyon's wires crossing, but you can't come over the top ropes like that. Ha ha. Ottawa is making plays and Lions still buzzing, man.
Send the Russian gas down to the Red Wings forward side.
This will be a tough 40.
Because they went down.
Right away, I mentioned right on Twitter,
Perron, vicious, brutal.
I don't even care about that.
I can't talk.
I don't care about that.
You can't fucking talk.
I don't care about that. I can't care about that i can't fucking talk
you're you're arguing your own point right now what are you talking about you know what i'm
gonna what are you talking about i'm arguing my own point i'm gonna mute my mic what does that
even mean what does it mean to argue your own point i'm gonna mute my mic here go ahead sorry
perron's cross check boneheaded i wrotependable. The man's never been suspended.
He lost his mind and the wires crossed. That is what I said. Was it the correct move? No,
but I understand why he did it. That's what I'm trying to say. Thank you for letting me talk for
the first time ever. You can unmute your mic and do the rest of the speaking as you please.
Thank you.
Now we're being very cordial here.
We're going to calm down.
Let's do a little breathing, R.A.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Like the golf course.
Just don't ask for any cadence.
A little box breathing.
Not that kind, G.
A little box breathing for us.
So completely understand why Perron snapped. that's why i mentioned it in my
original tweet that you criticize let's go back let's go back to the entire sequence here okay
and detroit red wings fans have been all over me okay ones that have the fucking animals they're
animals they're worse than rangers there's worse than any fan bases. Buddy, buddy, you want to see my fucking DMS right now? I'm, I'm changing apartments. I'm fucking selling my house and I'm fucking moving to Jackson and I'm going to get any type of gun that you can imagine. That's how vicious these fucking Red Wings fans are. Now I understand Dylan Larkin has dealt with neck and head injuries in the past I believe Jamie Ben
got him there was another situation then because it was Matthew Joseph and he's had history with
them when Joseph was playing for the Tampa Bay Lightning there was a sequence when and I'm sure
plenty of you who are listening to this right now have seen the play Joseph gets him and then Larkin
gets up and then clocks them so everybody every
red wings fan is automatically going to the fact that this was a premeditated attack because these
two players have history can each of us on this podcast agree that's fucking lunacy is that yeah
and i think yes yes and i think i think people were like me and they hadn't seen the reversed
angle yet correct where he had no but He had one hand off the stick.
Plenty of these fucking Detroit fans, now that days have passed, still have seen the other angles and are still calling for Matthew Joseph to be suspended.
They don't even want him in the league anymore.
That's how vicious they thought it was.
Okay, so let's go back to Larkin.
back to Larkin so he's face down clearly concussed off of what I thought was the Kelly blow coming down to protect the house after Joseph had originally initiated contact so horrible injury
you never want to see that happen to anybody in the game and Larkin's been through a lot this year
he's been having an incredible season he signed that big contract worth every penny and to me this
is really his coming out party as a first line center in the National Hockey League, finally getting a 40 goal
score to play with. So awful, awful result. Some people are saying, Biz, that was a punch to the
back of the head. Why would Joseph, if he's battling net front, go at his upper body? You're
supposed to take the lower body. Wit, as we know, as hockey players, you're out of gas, you're supposed to take the lower body wit as we know as hockey players you're out of gas
you're trying to protect the house and all of a sudden a guy has a chance to bury one you're doing
everything in your power in that split second reaction not a premeditated thought not i'm
going to clock this guy in the head right now a reaction to get this guy out of a situation where
he could score as soon as possible it just so
happens that the way that Larkin was positioned and the way and Joseph being tired he tries to
push him in the upper body does he get high absolutely he absolutely gets high and shoves
him in the back of the head and for all you wings fans that have been seeing that like saying that's
been happening to Larkin he gets shoved in the back of the head and you don't like it.
I understand it.
But to me, at least from what I saw
on every angle and the replays
is his push isn't what concussed him.
Do we all agree that we think
that it was Kelly who was coming down?
Once again, he wasn't going in there
to fucking run him.
He was going in there to help protect the house
as any weak side or any winger would do
as there's chaos in front of the net and an opportunity to score can we agree on that also
um i i think that the kelly cross check is what knocked him out but you can't really
prove it because all the stills i've seen right after the joseph punch before he
makes contact with kelly his eyes are shut right right? So like a lot of Wings fans are convinced
that's what knocked him out.
Like somehow,
maybe that right hand to the temple
might have knocked him out.
Because as you could see in the pictures,
his eyes are shut as he's going down.
It's more of a shove.
It's more of a shove than a punch.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, it didn't wind up.
You don't punch like that.
It wasn't like a punch in a fight.
But, all right, so shove.
Now, you're talking about Joseph not being able to, you know, plan ahead, right?
You're just panicking.
You're trying to stop a scoring chance.
And that ended up happening.
Well, Kelly's coming in, and he did not mean,
and because the way Larkin fell over,
obviously Kelly's stick caught him in the face.
But why is he going in with his stick off the ice with two hands I think this high because you would think you'd be going in like this reaching with one hand stick on puck to try to
like I don't he didn't mean to do it because he basically fell into his stick Larkin but there
was no reason to be holding your stick in the air the way he was. I understand.
But he was, so he was coming down for sure to protect the house. And then all of a sudden Larkin from where he was originally had been spun around.
Should he have been ready to cross check?
Absolutely not.
Agree with you.
Should be stick on the ice.
But once again, there was no intent when he started coming down from his position to the
house to fucking jam him in the
face and the only reason he ended up getting him anywhere near there was because Larkin's head had
now gone from where it's supposed to be down to basically where a midsection is right so it's just
this chaotic chain of events it took forever for the refs to figure it out and when they did and
the penalty was called I was like man, both guys probably deserve the roughing
as they ended up getting.
And then Perron ended up getting the five-minute major
in which he deserved for going after Zub or Zub
or however the fuck you say it.
So be mad at me all you want, Detroit fans,
but I think that anybody who played at a high level
completely understands what was happening there
in front of the net.
And it was a net front battle,
not a premeditated premeditated targeted event now RA as the non-hockey player on the podcast like no no offense I'm not chirping you but as a fan what was what was your attendee
at the chicklets cup that's true what was your original reaction and do you think that they got
it right uh yeah I thought it was a net front battle it was sort of like one-two thing. I don't think Joseph was deliberately trying to hurt him.
I mean, the guys with Jocelyn, like we see in front of the net all the time.
I just think the combination of the two guys hitting him,
that's how he ended up down and out like that.
It was a tough scene.
I texted you, Ben.
It was ugly.
They brought the stretcher out.
Dylan didn't need it.
He ended up getting up.
I don't think it was malicious.
I don't know if it was suspension-worthy,
especially when we see what else happened later in the weekend
that wasn't discipline-worthy.
It was just an ugly, unfortunate hockey play,
and obviously we want Lockett out there.
But, yeah, I don't think it rose to the level of supplementary discipline.
It's the NHL, man.
Wires get crossed, guys get fucking punched and hit like that.
It sucks when guys get hurt.
We don't want to see it, but that's the league,
and that's what happens.
It was overall a freak, timed accident but i got two things for you guys
the first the reason we have this show and it's successful is because passionate hockey fans are
lunatics okay and these people live and die with their teams they love the red wings amongst
all these other fan bases who love their team when you see something like this happen and the first
angle biz yes or no all i want from you the first angle the one i saw when i went at you
it looked vicious yes or no it it did look like a like a partial cross check but once again i would
have also still deemed it
where he's clearly trying to knock this guy off the puck.
Yes, did he get a little high?
If he would have got him with the cross-check,
I would have said, yeah, kick him out of the game
and that'll be done.
Okay, so I'll go with yes.
That is an example of a fan base
seeing what looked horrible
before you saw the side, the other angle, seeing
their captain and best player laying on the ice lifeless, scary as hell, no matter what
team you root for, and not being able to let it go.
Right?
Like, that's why they're fans.
Like, they don't really give a shit.
There's not much thought and logic that goes into some fan bases or people that root for
teams when their best players knocked out goals. And that's what I'm there to provide is a little bit of a professional experience.
I'm glad you said that. Second thing, every wings fan listening to this right now,
it is evidently clear you are inside the minuscule head of Paul Bissonette right now.
He is rattled and furious and you've got him where you want him so stay on him
keep giving it to him oh look at you fucking sack hey hey hey look he's rattled guys mr whitney
mr whitney the homewrecker lasagna boy left his old tt led oh yeah i'm rattled he's rattled okay
any person with a half of a brain would know I just bent this guy over in his argument
and then he went and put it in print on Twitter.
Take another fucking L, lasagna boy.
That was before I saw the other angle, my mistake.
Take another L, lasagna boy, okay, you fucking homewrecker.
You went and ruined your fucking own fucking household by burning the fucking wife's beautiful
lasagna.
Then you go ruin the Edmonton Oilers relationship and now they're way better off than you.
How did I ruin the Oilers? they're way better off and now you're
fucking gargling red wing i was a sacrificial lamb hey get your i'm surprised you could talk
as well as you can fucking with all that fucking red wings ball bag down your throat right now
rattled is biz i'm not fucking rattled i'm right i love being right i'm not rattled
because i already said that I should have watched the other
angle before I tweeted. So my tweet
was incorrect. I've said that. I said that
10 minutes ago. I didn't watch the
other angle. Let's change it up a little bit.
Who's your new team, Witt?
Are you going back with the X? What's going
on here? Are you going to be with the Red Wings
considering you can't get their fucking dick out of your mouth?
I'm not welcome back with the Oilers. That's been made
very clear. Next week, you should go back to the box
because Witt and the Red Wings fans
are going to be performing on stage.
He's going to have the fucking drill bit
right up his fucking hoop.
The Detroit Red Wings little Caesar drill bit.
Biz, I think I want to go with the Wings
because how mad these fans are making you.
Do it.
To see who this upset is.
I've never seen you this upset.
Hey, now I really know they're missing playoffs.
Now I really know it.
How so?
Because you're fucking hopping on the minute you,
the minute you did online,
they were down to eight forwards.
Hey,
you got bandaid wit on board.
Maybe you'll snap a few.
I've already made it clear.
I sacrificial lambed myself.
And believe me,
I'm depressed.
I knew this was going to happen in Edmonton.
I've called this thing from the second I quit.
But I'm depressed.
I can admit it openly.
I'm not someone that will sit here and say I don't miss them.
I miss them.
They're a hell of a team.
I picked them to win the Stanley Cup.
And I knew once I quit, they'd get rolling.
I'm not going to sit here and say that I knew once I quit, they'd get rolling.
I'm not going to sit here and say that I quit because I knew it would get them going. I quit because I was disgusted and I was over it. But now I do regret it. I do regret it. I'm going to sit
here like a man and say it. It stinks. They're awesome, and I'm not a part of it anymore.
But I haven't picked a new team yet just i just don't have it in me yet
it's like you got to get over the last one before hopping into the next one oh hey you know how good
the oilers look right now you know how i said uh toronto you know i got the the wife and kids there
and whitby in the suburb yeah you got seven families i got i got i got ottawa crushing my
cousin over there i got the side piece in vancouver i got the ex-wife with the kids who I'm amicable with in Arizona.
You know what the Oilers are?
They're the fucking dildo show you get on the bachelor party
when you get them over the two girls coming.
They're just going to town on each other.
They are so fun to watch right now with McDavid doing what he's doing.
That's what I'm all about right now.
I might pick up the Edmonton Oilers on my bad way.
Biz, not one person listening would be surprised.
Okay.
About what?
The dildo show?
The two-way dildo show?
All right.
Did you ever get one of those on a bachelor party when you bring them over?
That's what pissed off the wife the most.
Nah, I don't know what you mean.
It's in the living room when she comes home. First time
it was up Montreal. First time you ever seen one of those
two girls out there. That was like, holy fuck,
man. You see it live in person and not on a
VHS fucking tape. The two-way? Oh, yeah. Good
stuff, man. Yeah, a couple times.
The Oilers, bud. They were in the news this week
big time. Evander Kane absolutely fucking
drilled Jonas Brodine, Minnesota defenseman
of the boards. The only call was on Ryan
Hartman for going after Kane afterwards.
Lots of people were pissed off about it.
No discipline whatsoever.
Brodine, huge part of that mini back end.
He's going to be out for a significant time, Mike Russo said.
The Wilds doing great, 5-2 under Hines.
But we'll go to you, the former Oilers fan.
Did you think he should have got at least a penalty
if not a fucking final suspension?
Oh, great, more than not gargling. Here we go.
Oh, definitely a penalty. not a fucking final suspension. Here we go. Oh, definitely a penalty.
Definitely a penalty. It's ironic that this
madness happened over the weekend
in the NHL because last week we had
a big discussion about protecting yourself.
And I think that was the main
issue for the league on the Brodine hit
or the Kane hit on Brodine is that
there was a lot of talk about how he had
done a shoulder check. As he's going back
to the puck, made the correct decision as a defenseman,
check behind your shoulder, see who's coming.
He obviously saw Kane was coming
and chose to kind of not protect himself the way he should.
Now, I don't think that that makes a difference
in terms of Kane still running right through him.
Like, that to me is a penalty.
Whether it's a five-minute major or a two-minute boarding,
I really haven't decided
i he got her on the play right he got her on the play and i believe he left the game oh yeah yeah
and he's out for a while they said with an upper body and significant time it was his wrist or
shoulder but it's the inconsistency around the league and we'll get into that with the buffalo
montreal game the next night there is some issue right now with the NHL and hitting from behind. They're not calling some of them. They're calling
some that don't even look bad that end up being majors. One's worse. There's not even a penalty.
One is a major then rescinded to a minor. So all anyone ever wants is consistency,
especially the players. That's the thing. The fans want consistency.
You're watching the game. You're rooting for your team. Well, try playing the game and not even knowing what's a penalty and what's not. So the Kane one, penalty. Boom. That's a penalty.
The fact he didn't get one, I'm confused. The ref in the video, you could see him. He's staring at
the play and no call. I don't know if the shoulder check got to the ref too. Oh, he should have known
he was coming. Well, you didn't need to
finish him with his number staring
you in the eye. Okay, so
that was the first one. Then
we get to the next night. Robinson.
He just gets picked up
by Buffalo on waivers. Or was it a trade?
I'm not sure. Yes. Seventh round.
Yep. Seventh round. Okay, excuse me.
This was maybe
the most minor-looking,
small-issued push from behind we've ever seen.
He gets a five and a game.
Brutal.
How the fuck are you going to be a fan or a player,
and we'll get into Ocposo,
and look at the cane on Brodine,
and then the next night, check out Buffalo-Montreal,
see those two hits
and see one be a major and the guy
get kicked out. And as far as Robinson,
he clearly slows down a little bit.
Slows down, barely pushes him.
Barely taps him. It was so rinky-dink
and then, like you said, should we roll the
Aposto comments? Yep. Yes.
Do you disagree with Eric getting five and a major
for that hit?
I do. I just, like I was telling Trevor, I mean, we're having a conversation out there.
I just, I don't understand how Evander King gets nothing last night
and then there's a five-minute penalty.
Like, it doesn't make any sense.
Like, it's the exact same play.
There's an injury on the play.
I understand that he has to call it, and that's fine.
That's not on him.
I just don't like the consistency factor.
Like, that's a literally identical play with zero penalty and then one with a five in a game.
Doesn't make sense. He has a great point.
He doesn't understand what is a penalty and what isn't a penalty and how those two can be called so different.
Considering the Kane one was much more egregious.
And if you see a guy put on the brakes a little bit right there, that's where it should be at least rescinded to just a boarding penalty.
Where I felt that Kane, even though he saw that Brodine gave the shoulder check,
he didn't really let up at all.
So would I have been okay with that?
I ended up aborting.
But considering Brodine got injured,
I probably would have liked to have seen Kane get the gate for at least that game.
And now that it ended up being an injury, maybe even longer, but we move on.
So, Fiz, the problem with that is, though,
is that, so Brodine leaves the ice
and goes down the tunnel.
Yes.
But if you're going to go on injured major,
like, what if he comes back out two minutes later?
No, so that's why I say don't base it on
whether he goes down the tunnel right away.
But as far as a suspension knowing that he's
out now if the appropriate call would have been made he probably would have gotten some games no
well yeah i guess but once you've not called the penalty you can't suspend them then you look even
more foolish well then the league kind of throws their their refs underneath the bus now probably
the worst of all of them i think we can agree agree, was the Cousins one. This one was a head-scratcher to me.
Some people are going to argue, what was the, between the Hathaway and Luke Hughes one,
I would compare that to this in a sense of it was a very similar play.
But in the Hathaway one, I felt-
What do you mean?
Hathaway, it was a clean hit.
Correct.
If you let me finish, if you'd let me finish, I think we've already-
You said similar play has been correct
where hathaway went shoulder to shoulder because it was a race for an ice that's why i'm saying
that could you let me fucking talk this wasn't a race for an ice with good branson it was a race
for a puck below the goal line for fuck's sakes they're going right both of them happened right
behind the net they were literally identical plays other other than if you take the icing out of it.
So Hathaway goes shoulder to shoulder on Hughes
where clearly Cousins ends up getting him in the numbers.
Whether you freeze frame it or not,
he gets him more in the numbers.
Some people are starting to say,
well, Gabranza wasn't hurt that bad.
He popped up right away.
But Witt, as you know,
when you get hit from behind like that
and then you hit the wall,
you're waiting a few seconds to say,
first of all, the shock is setting in.
And then you're trying to be like, once the shock is gone
after like one or two seconds, you're trying to be like,
okay, is anything hurting?
No.
And that's when he fucking popped up and then took matters into his own hand.
The fact that they reviewed this thing and then didn't give him the gate
was ridiculous for two reasons.
One, he should have gotten the gate and two even if you it was a it was an in-betweener you defuse
the entire situation well they rescind it he stays in the game and now the gong show continues and
the good thing about it the game policed itself It turned into a fucking shit show. Gabranton took matters into his own hands
and melee ensues.
So to me, the biggest problem there
is diffusing the situation and it didn't happen.
Can you agree on that, Whit?
And I'm sorry that they both weren't icing plays,
but can we agree they were both behind the net?
No, Hughes was not behind the net.
It was in the corner.
G, G, can you be the voice of reason here?
It's tough because it was kind of in the middle of in the corner and behind the net.
It was like in the middle.
I felt like it was inside the trapezoid.
So saying behind the net is extremely fair.
And let's go even further to say anything below the goal line is behind the fucking net.
I think biz is fair to say it was behind the net.
I'm fucking 2-0 right now against you right now.
Oh, here we go.
G agreeing with Biz again.
What do you fucking know here, boys?
Oh, here we go.
We're back to Chicklets Wonderland, guys.
Here we go.
Biz, in terms of not kicking him out,
I agree.
The league should look at that,
or the ref should be like,
and especially knowing Gabranson, he is going to do something to him. And now what happens? Gabranson's got a hearing.
I don't know what his suspension will be. We haven't heard the Perron suspension. It's 626
Eastern right now and Detroit plays tonight. So I would assume that the Perron suspension will be out before the game. But my thing with the Cousins one, so Kane gets Brodine from behind.
Robinson clearly lets up a little bit while still pushing the Baron, whatever his name is, from behind in Montreal.
Cousins launches his shoulder into Gabranson's back.
Like, he actually threw himself at him.
into Gabranson's back. Like he actually threw himself at him.
And if you want to say it wasn't directly in the back,
the entire check was covering the right four
on Gabranson's 44 jersey number.
So it was like, it was from behind.
Gabranson's face went into the dasher
and you call it the five.
You call it the five.
And then you go look and you decide that's only a two.
That is the inconsistency that i think
everyone's confused about what are the refs being told to look at that video and say oh we got that
wrong it's it's actually just two i i i don't get it and obviously i haven't been in the nhl in
fucking 12 years whatever it is but there is something going on right now with hits from
behind where nobody has a clue what is a penalty and what is not.
And ideally, you'd like to know what a major is,
and we can't even figure that out.
I think it's just the point in the season where everybody's like,
oh, my God, we got 50-something games left.
Fuck this.
And the wires cross, especially for teams knowing
they're not going to make playoffs.
Now, Witt, we can't play NHL clips on our podcast,
but I'm going to roll this for you, okay?
And this is a replay of the Hathaway-Luke Hughes hit.
And I want you to tell me if this is behind the net or not.
And I want you to be honest for once.
Biz, I don't need to watch it before I...
Is that behind the net?
Buddy, buddy, he's laying down on the trapezoid line.
Gabranson got hit directly behind the goalie.
If this is semantics, it's semantics.
It wasn't in the exact same spot of the ice.
What do you want me to say to you?
I think that we're talking about the difference of maybe two, three feet here.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, you said it was in the exact same part of the ice, and it wasn't.
And it wasn't a hit from behind.
So I don't even know why I got brought up to begin with. I don't know how the fuck. And back to your point about this time of the ice and it wasn't and it wasn't a hit from behind. So I don't even know why I got brought up to begin with.
I don't know how the fuck. I don't know how your fucking
life. I don't know how your wife lives with you.
That's what I don't know.
And I know how you live alone.
Oh, wow.
Hey, back to the back to the point
about we had it on the group chat
about the time of the season it is.
So everyone's played what
28 games roughly?
Yeah.
Game 30 to game 60 is like, it's like, what'd I say?
It's like Forrest and Bubba walking through the swamps of Vietnam
where it's raining every day.
And you're just slugging along.
And you're making a ton of money.
And I'm not comparing it to War Heroes from Vietnam. But it's a grind. And you're just slugging along and you're making a ton of money and i'm not comparing it to war heroes
from vietnam but it's a grind and you're traveling around and you got no clue what's going on or what
day it is and you're like please just tell me when it's march 1st and you said it the teams that are
already looking like they're not going to make the playoffs you're like holy shit we got 52 games
left so at some point throughout the season, guys get frustrated, guys snap.
It just so happened to happen this weekend where people lost their mind completely.
Besides Robinson, who had the worst penalty of them all and got kicked out of the game.
Yeah, shitty call.
The thing is, every time I see one of these business, I feel like it's just a matter of time before one of these ends in a fucking disaster.
You know, you just cringe like when a guy goes head first, neck first in the boards.
It's a miracle that an NHL player hasn't ended up in a wheelchair in the last 20 years
when you see these type of hits.
It's floating with disaster, man.
I'll say this, R.A., I completely agree.
Listen, Cousins played for the Coyotes.
He plays his balls off.
He's a great teammate, but he's a fucking rat out there.
To throw that type, that is a greasy hit in my opinion.
And if you're not going to have the jam to at least stick up and fight for yourself,
like the turtle and stuff, hey, I know that Gabranson is out of his weight class.
I think it's an overall gutless move.
But listen, if you're playing against Cousins as much as you hate him,
that's why you love having him in his locker room
because he's a piece of shit to play against. He's the guy who will say nasty stuff to you on the ice
he'll get personal he doesn't give a fuck he's perfect for that team in florida they're a pack
of hyenas and that's how they operate so i i'm shocked that he might so he's not getting a game
gabranson and perron are the only one with hearings. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was pretty much it for the gutless stuff as far as hitting.
There is one more.
Branson and Cousins played together too,
which I didn't realize just looking right now.
All right.
Before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at Game Time.
You should not have to worry when you're buying
tickets to your next big event game time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets for all the sports
music comedy and theater events near you listen rolling stones are coming next year i am going
to be all over game time they get the best hookup a couple taps couple seconds boom you get your
tickets it's the easiest thing you could use bruins playoffs right around the corner boom all over those two Patriots well not this year but maybe you want to go to playoff
game in another city for the football we could do that you get last minute tickets flash deals
zone deals it's so easy to find and buy tickets for every kind of event in your area again it
could be a concert could be a show music whatever it doesn't have to be sports whatever you like
game time has the hookup they are obsessed with finding ways to help you save money on your tickets.
That's the best part because Game Time has deals on tickets right up to the start of the event
and even an hour after it starts.
It's the place to find last-minute tickets.
Find exclusive flash deals and sponsored deals on tickets for football, basketball, baseball,
concerts, comedy, theater, all that stuff.
Anything you buy a ticket for, boom, baseball, concerts, comedy, theater, all that stuff.
Anything you buy a ticket for, boom, Game Time got you. And with Zone Deals, you pick the section and Game Time picks the seats for an average of 18 savings. Unreal. And the Game Time guarantee
means you always get the best price. If you find tickets in the same section and row for less,
boom, Game Time will credit you 110 of the difference.
Not 100, 110.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off.
Download GameTime today.
Last minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
Yep, it's Sunday night.
We had more shenanigans this time down in Southern California.
Ryan Strom, he got tossed off a knee in Kyle Conner, five-minute major.
Game misconduct, five-for-five, and Mark Scheifele after.
Scheifele come over and accosted him because he knocked up his fucking top goal scorer.
Conner had to leave the games, get an MRI on Monday.
He's going to be out for a while.
Strom put the guy on the shelf.
No hearing, no fine, no hearing.
I mean, I get PTSD from fucking Cam Neely.
Anytime a guy sticks his leg out, I don't know how there's no fucking fine.
Suspension, something there.
I think there should be supplementary discipline when you put a fucking knee on knee, man.
It's such a risky way you can just end a guy's
career with that type of shit. So the league said
something about
Strom's leg was planted and
that's what they looked at and that he didn't move
it or something like that? Yeah. Mike
McIntyre, the Winnipeg Free Press, the powers
that be felt, Strom had essentially
planted his foot and didn't purposely make
contact with Conor, saying it was reckless
but not deliberate. So that's the 50 the 50 50 ra if that guy has already established his ice and the
other guys maybe even trying to dodge him or not take the hit it could be tricky but yeah like i
said if you're if you're a jets fan you're gonna fucking lose your mind if you're the other fan
base you you you don't want to get suspended all right the gutless one that i was talking about
was one we texted about right before we came on
was the fact that Austin Watson at the end of the game
ends up teeing up a clap bomb at Jeremy Lazan.
Now, Witt, I don't know if I've ever been a part of a game
where this has happened.
I've seen it a few times in hockey's history,
but just the ultimate gutless move.
And Burnett, after the game, head coach of the Nashville Predators,
was not happy.
Yeah, G, roll it.
What did you make of that?
I did not like that at all.
I thought, there's no place in hockey.
You know, because that's, yeah, no place whatsoever in hockey.
I was shocked by that.
100 mile an hour, right at at someone when I guess you could always
tell the league I was trying to score was 4-0
with two seconds left. Dude, you're in your own end.
So the only
time I remember seeing it is when Niedermeyer
did it to Alfredson in the cup finals
in Ottawa.
And I remember it being a huge story
there. And all of a sudden now
you see... What? Why did he do it?
I don't know.
He's pissed off about something.
I'm going to YouTube it quick right now.
Was that one accidental
or he was aiming for it?
No, it was obvious.
What?
I don't even remember that.
Yeah.
What year was that?
08 Cup Finals already?
You snuck into that one too, didn't you?
That was the one.
Well, we didn't know each other yet,
but we were in several locker rooms that night.
Sorry.
Spoiler alert. Oh, no. So it was Alfredson shot at Niedermeyer. Yeah, that was the one. Well, we didn't know each other yet, but we were in several locker rooms that night. Sorry. Spoiler alert.
Oh, no.
So it was Alfredson shot it at Niedermeyer.
Yeah, that was 07.
Ducks all out at 07.
Yep.
And it wasn't even at the end of the game.
It was the end of the second period.
He looks up, sees how much time's left.
There's five seconds,
and then just rips one right at Niedermeyer.
And, of course, that Anaheim's Duck team,
I don't know if you guys remember,
one of the tougher teams to ever win the Stanley Cup.
Just a bunch of animals, and they rushed right over to him.
And, obviously, there wasn't a suspension in the cup final or anything,
but that was the first and only time I remember seeing somebody blatantly
shoot a puck at someone.
Although, in college, I did shoot it at this kid, Matt Radislavich,
who played on BU because he was he was this pk specialist in
practice and he was blocking all my shots so finally i'm like i'm just gonna start shooting
at him on purpose because i'm so upset so i guess i've done it in the end so who am i to judge
that came full circle you ever see a guy like shoot it intentionally at the bench anytime
during a game oh but who do we have on where a guy took a clapper at the coach that was that's been a thing
i mean i'm sure we'll get tons of tweets about it now that we brought it up but yeah there's stories
especially in like the lower leagues where guys are just taking clap bombs at the bench i know
we've had a guy on the bench oh guys no helmets on like that's like that's fucked up my train my
trainer in college got a puck off the head. It could have killed him. Almost killed him, yeah.
So it's like firing a puck at the bench on purpose is beyond insane.
Yeah, leave that chip a slap shot.
So that was all the greasiness.
Yeah.
I don't think that this year we've really had a conversation
about dirty hits and all.
It feels like everything's just bottlenecked in this last week.
And I think a few people
mentioned that online where people like the officiating's been horrible all year where it's
like uh i don't know i haven't been paying attention that closely well we could talk about
some real hockey now patrick kane uh two games with the red wings they lost them both uh he got
the one goal in the blowout loss to the senators the other day uh wait i know you said you didn't
notice him too much in the first game but i thought we really noticed him a lot in the second game. He had 1953 of ice time,
27 shifts game high,
seven shots on goal,
minus two,
two block shots,
a takeaway,
two giveaways,
a four Oh three power play time on ice.
And I,
like I said,
the long goal,
the previous game,
the 1633 of ice,
he played a few different lines,
mostly with the brinket and Valeno.
But what was your take on cane after two games thus far with the Red Wings?
I thought the first game was kind of to be expected,
how we talked about how you got to give them two weeks.
Second game, kind of flying off the bat.
Tons of chances, got that hop in his step.
That was a game where I see enough where I'm like,
fuck, he could really make an impact.
Now, obviously, he got that goal, beautiful shot to make.
I think that tied it up.
But he was obviously going to play more minutes after they lost Larkin and they had to deal with
injuries and there was so much going on. Now, here's the thing for Wings fans. They're going
to need him to get going sooner than they hoped because now you got no Larkin. You got no Comfer.
You're going to have no Perron for at least five games based on the in-person hearing.
So it's kind of like right
into the fire for him when they when they when they hoped they'd have everyone healthy and they
could ease him in but he had to play night over 19 minutes in your second game that's a lot that's a
lot to be out there but his skills and his hands and creativity looked great tons of chances i
think it was a very promising sign two games in even though he's minus three or four or whatever
he still has that game that we all hope to see.
And just based on that second game,
I kind of saw enough to know he'll make an impact this year.
For me, as far as the wing, I agree with you.
In game two, it gave me a lot of hope
as far as where his game could get to
and how much you can help their lineup.
With everything they have going on right now,
if there's one guy I got to pinpoint who needs to pick it up,
who could help him during the stretch, it's Huso.
As far as what he's capable of and the way that the season's gone,
despite the team playing well, he's really struggled.
So if he's able to, in this stretch, put a Band-Aid on what's going on,
I think that could really help this team.
Because if they get past this tough stretch,
I do see them making playoffs despite having you as an anchor.
I don't necessarily think that...
Well, when Huso went over there,
I kind of expected a ton,
right? With what we saw before, I thought he
would flourish being the number
one and catching fire.
And just like this entire league,
just when you think a goalie's figured it
out, all of a sudden they take a nosedive
down and you're wondering what was going
on. Look at the Hurricanes' goaltending,
dude. We
talked about that, what is it,
Ptachekov? How do you say his name, R.A.?
Yeah, Peter.
They give him that deal and all of a sudden
he's brutal. There is so
much inconsistency with goaltending
and Huso's no different.
You're right, they need him
to step up in a big way because
they're in one here. Yeah, Confer's out,
Luff's out, Koston's
undisclosed injury and now Larkin's out
and the Perron suspension. This is just on NHL
Network. So Detroit's
going to be in one here. Absolutely.
That game, we got to tip
our cap to San Jose, man. I know we
picked on them earlier in the year they've been playing
some great hockey
that game versus Detroit
after Lucas Raymond
put the wings up
4-0
620 left in the second
the fucking Red Wings
had a 99.98 chance
of winning that game
that's how much luck
didn't San Jose come back
they tied at a 4
Detroit went up 5-4
San Jose tied at 1-0
team man
they've been playing
some real good hockey
we got to give them
a little
I owe a big apology
because at the beginning of the year, I was harder
on them than anyone saying they were one of the
worst teams in history. And I
actually gave them a tough little shot in the
sandbagger that'll be dropping this week with
JR and Timu. Everyone checked that
thing out. And now I feel
bad. And now I look a little foolish because they've
found a bunch of pride in that room.
They also had guys injured where they've gotten some guys and they're playing better and it was
bound to change a little bit but they've showed way more than I thought because I didn't think
they could score that was the biggest problem I think they're still giving up goals but I was
like they can't even get any goals and all of a sudden their offense is firing they've turned
into Mr. Ice's his favorite team for the overs. They're hitting overs every game now.
R-A-G, any Chicklets fan who's listening,
put your hands together, round of applause for Witt
admitting he's wrong for once.
Let's do this.
I constantly admit when I'm wrong, guys.
If you're in the car, keep your hands on the steering wheel.
We don't need to end up like Witt last weekend.
Just a little round of applause.
Great job, Witt.
First time for everything, buddy.
This is so rattled right now.
Oh, yeah? We're going to get some weed
from this, guys. I've never been so
right to start a podcast.
Well, you were due to be right about
something for once.
Not the fucking
Islanders. We'll get to them
later. Fuck! Whit just mentioned
that I think one thing that we can all agree on
is the Sandbaggers coming
out thursday 6 p.m eastern it is incredible the hockey stories from jr and timu one of the best
ever it was uh an incredible course the del mar country club jr brought us there it's his home
course i think there's only 200 members maybe 250 and we got to hang out with these two legends and
gee you just touched on it the stories
that were coming out of both these guys mouths i mean timu might be the most chill guy ever why
are you smiling like that just that the the timu bruce boudreaux story that i don't get to hear
is an all-time it's like as he was telling it i didn't know where it was going and it's just it's
that good it's a it's a must listen must-listen, must-watch story.
So basically, I'm smiling thinking back to that one
amongst the many others.
Thursday, 6 p.m.
Thursday, 6 p.m.
Just from playing with Timu,
it's hard to meet a more laid-back guy.
And was he like that when he played?
Yes.
He would come in with four minutes before warm-up started get dressed
in probably two minutes and then sit there and say hey let's go boys and then he'd go out and
he'd score and then after he'd be jacked in the shower all tanned up and then he'd get in a Ferrari
and he'd bomb home to his beautiful family and he'd probably play golf on the off day and then play tennis the next day there is no stress at all in this guy's life with good reason hey and every time now uh since
playing golf with him he'll dm me like these random memes and shit now it's kind of awesome
yeah he sends me these instagram like fucking comedy jokes or whatever it is that's making
him laugh that day so basically i'm text pals with Timu Solani now.
So big thanks to Witt.
Big thanks to the Witt dog.
I wish I could have bumped into him.
Obviously, I flew home before you guys did those sandbags.
I met Timu, I want to say, like, 30 years ago when Big Walt was playing for Winnipeg.
He would come to town, and there would literally be, like, 300 people who would go to the garden to go see Keith play the game.
And everyone would go to the hop afterwards and then all back to Medford over to Keith's parents' house.
And I remember like it was like me, Timu, like Robbie Kincannon, like a couple other city guys, my buddy Jason, just hanging out.
It was like, you know, we were 21 years old hanging out with this like rookie of the year guy.
He was just hilarious, dude.
He had the broken English.
Kincannon was teaching him like how to talk smack to the goalies and shit.
Absolutely fucking hysterical. Oh, another little teaser.
Another little teaser
is Timu goes into
the explanation
behind the shooting
of the glove celebration
when he broke
the rookie scoring goal record
his rookie year in Winnipeg.
So that was another story time.
Along with I think
three or four JR stories.
Yeah, and you brought up
a fun fact.
He's the highest scoring
player in Olympic history
for hockey. The most points by anyone
in the history of the Olympics in hockey.
I didn't realize he played in six
Olympics. Oh my God.
So right there's 24 years on its own
and it was just
it was incredible to get to hang out with those
guys for that long and here and
Pasha does a great job with the, I won't give away the little, what is it?
The little thing he does.
The story times?
Yeah, story time.
And the trailer was great.
I thought the trailer was awesome.
So everyone, please check this out Thursday night.
You will not be disappointed.
Where can they watch it?
Oh, our YouTube channel.
How many followers we got right now?
312 now.
We're humming right now.
312,000.
You can check it out there. you could watch our podcast on there i feel like more people are now watching our
podcast and listening and uh yeah subscribe to our youtube channel plenty other stuff going on
chicklets tv i mean university next week chicklets university boston college but
boston college next week we've been talking about the year of the hog. Okay, G. Okay, G.
Fucking Boston College.
Are you mocking me?
Are you mocking me?
No, he said Boston College, Brett.
Boston College, Brett.
Oh, you're mocking G, my buddy G.
We've been talking about the year of the hog, year of the hog, year of the hog.
We just kind of glanced over Detroit.
You got mentioned in the Patty Kane intro video, G.
It might be the year of the rat.
All right, you might be getting taken over here.
The funny thing about that video was I started getting tagged left and right,
like the second it dropped.
And I don't know if you guys remember, but before the season,
I actually said, I'm like, the Red Wings stink.
They're not going to do anything this year.
So my thought process was they sandbagged me.
They put my clip of me being like, the Red Wings stink.
Like me with Vegas back in the day.
I had a panic attack right when I started getting all these notifications.
Luckily, it was me just reading Barstool Chiefs headline.
So I got lucky there.
But shout out to the Red Wings.
About Kane going there.
Yeah, exactly.
Should we roll it or is it too long?
We can roll it. Yeah, roll. Should we roll it or is it too long? We can roll it.
Yeah, roll it.
Patrick Kane.
Patrick Kane.
Patrick Kane
will sign in Detroit.
You know,
my heart, my mind
would for some reason
always come back to Detroit.
You know,
they call it Hockey Town
for a reason.
I think the jersey
is beautiful too.
So there you go, R.A.
Watch your back, man. Might not be the year
of the hog anymore. Might be the year of the rat.
He is almost over anyways.
You got 20 days left, R.A.
Something like that. Don't fuck it up.
Actually, I was just talking about
Timo. I mentioned my buddy
Jason. I think you met him at
Hazy's Wedding, didn't you? Because he texted me
a couple days later. I seen him.
Yes, I remember meeting him.
One of my best pals from home. He said you guys were hanging
off a little bit. Great dude. Yeah, awesome dude.
Yeah, he's fucking, well, I don't want to throw him
under the bus, which is a great job he has, but
I meant to say that a while back. Anyways, moving right
along. Why would you be throwing him under the bus if it's a great job?
He's R.A.'s drug dealer. Wrong terminology.
I don't want to put his
job and shit out there. That's
all. I'm not throwing the bus with the wrong term.
He's rolling in the snow.
Trust me.
He works at the box and he's R.A.'s drug dealer.
Most assuredly not that.
Trust me on that.
No, 100 not that.
R.A. taught him the drill bit.
Why can't you talk about his job if it's a great job?
I guess just protect him.
Yeah, it's a great job.
My buddy Jason actually probably put the picture out.
Me and Kevin Hayes were in his wedding, but I was like 25 and Kevin was like four he was a
fucking I would have called can we each get a guess as to what the fuck this guy does for work
yeah he's a he's the actually the headmaster of Boston Latin uh Boston Latin school it's like the
most prestigious school in Boston like legit he's like one of my oldest best friends and uh he was
a teacher for a long time. He ran departments.
He worked his way up.
And yeah, Boston Latin, it's legit the most prestigious school in the Boston public school system.
And he's the equivalent of the principal.
They call it the headmaster because it's like a foo-foo school.
But awesome guy, one of my oldest best friends.
And yeah, him and the Wood Dog had a few sarsaparillas at Hazy's wedding.
And like I just said, me and Hazy were in his wedding fucking 1999.
Because the night of his wedding, Brett Hull scored the goal to fucking win the Stanley Cup.
Alright, go get your high school yearbook.
Let's just go through the whole fucking thing. I don't have one, buddy.
I don't have one. Tragedy. Fucking tragedy.
Alright, Biz, you know who another big star this week
was in the NHL? Microphones.
Let him. Let him. Oh my
some of these interviews. I mean, do you want
to start with the Vasilevsky one? Oh my god, yeah.
I mean, Vasily, he come back, tough first game, second game there.
He's been outstanding since then.
He's given his little scrum interview and somebody fucking dropped an air biscuit
and everyone just started howling because farts are always funny.
Jeez, let's roll it.
What's on your mind in the last 48 hours from the end of the game on Saturday
to the start of this one?
Yeah, I mean, obviously it wasn't a great feeling last game, but...
What was the question?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's my turn.
Yeah, so... That sounded like a wet one through his gitch.
I thought it was Vasilevsky who dropped it.
I don't think it was him because of how hard he laughed,
but has it come out who did the fart?
I don't believe so, no.
I would guess it was Vasilevsky.
I would claim that.
I'd be so proud.
What a perfectly timed fart.
And as already you mentioned before to us,
farts are funny as shit.
I was actually trying to drum one up and fart
once I actually burnt the lasagna to go in
and try to make her laugh with one of those.
But that wouldn't have worked.
But I always think if you fart and you don't laugh,
you're a sociopath.
Because farts will be funny whether you're 7 years old
or 77 years old.
So,
if she wasn't pissed at you
she would have laughed
under normal conditions
like at a fight?
Ah,
if it was like
hilarious sounding
she might
but most of the time
she's just like
you're so disgusting.
That's because
I always think guys
because guys just laugh at him
because I'll like
Yance has never once
farted in front of his wife.
Yance closed the door
when he takes a shit.
His wife has never once.
I mean, that's that, right?
What do you mean?
In your own house with your old lady?
Buzzing around?
Who gives a shit?
I think you'll see once you live with a woman
that you got to shut the door if you're smashing.
Wow.
Well, then you don't live with them.
Jesus.
Get them a separate house.
If I find no one else home,
it'll fucking laugh to himself.
Hey, honey. I got you home, and he'll fucking laugh to himself. Hey, honey.
I got you.
You can live in the shed.
Just only for the smell, Biz, where the smell will leak out of the room with the door open.
I'll get her one of those little houses in the corner of the back of the lot.
A porta potty.
Just throw a porta potty in your backyard.
I had one in my yard for a year.
I almost got kicked out of the neighborhood
thing wouldn't fucking disappear
I think a lot of people could probably understand why I'm single
through this pod
by choice
alright so we got
shart gate
it sounded like a shart not a fart
what was the other thing
that was oh how about flicker gate
you guys see when fucking Ottawa tried to close the lights out on Toronto
in the last seconds of the game to try to bury a goal on him?
I think it was Mathot who did it.
We're going to be talking to him a little bit.
He should fucking have to answer some questions.
What a fucking segue there, Biz.
So, Biz, what would you have done had Ottawa tied it up there?
Are you storming league office?
Yeah, that's what I was just going to say.
Just like portnoy
when they suspended brady and bilicek over deflate gate i would have chained myself to betman's rear
of your mirror and then you would have pulled up and knocked it off so it would have been fucked
now biz here's my thing about your um i'm not gonna call it schtick because i know you love
the leafs but it was a win-win because how if ottawa tied it up whatever you both your teams
get a point but wouldn't you say it would hurt the team with the puck as much as without the puck uh I think it seemed to have
distracted the defensive players they did get a couple good opportunities off and no because they
had time and space there was so much room between the defenders because they were protecting the
house I uh with the goalie pulled it was six on four there and everybody seemed to be in the
middle of the ice so no I think it was bullshit.
I think Ottawa was shady.
I think they didn't pay their hydro bill,
and they tried to fuck the Leafs.
But ha, we win.
We run their show.
Whether it's playoffs, whether it's regular season,
Leafs run Ottawa's show.
And I will say this now, I'm completely off the Ottawa bandwagon.
Completely off.
Completely off.
I want no association.
I ain't banging my cousin anymore. Okay. It'sagon. Completely off. Completely off. I want no association.
I ain't banging my cousin anymore.
Okay.
It's over.
Fair enough.
Team down, boys.
All right, before you go any further, here's a few words from our great friends over at Body Armor.
Spitting Chicklets is brought to you by Body Armor.
From sports drinks to sport water,
Body Armor keeps us hydrated all day long.
Whether we're talking, walking, or even playing sports, Bar-Di-Ama is our go-to choice.
It's real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins, nothing artificial.
Oh, I love the strawberry kiwi, baby.
Bar-Di-Ama has great taste and flavors.
Like I just said, strawberry kiwi.
You also have strawberry banana, blue raspberry, tons of other stuff.
And the best athletes in the world hydrate.
Not just guys on chiclets.
Real athletes.
Ronald Acuna Jr., Christian McCaffrey, Alex Morgan, and the latest, Joe Burrow, Cincinnati QB.
So right now, I'm going to guzzle a few of these.
We just did a show.
I'm tired.
I got to rehydrate.
I'm all over the body armor.
You can find body armor on the internet, convenience
stores. It's all over the place. It's available in
stores nationwide. So head on over to the
body armor store at Amazon. Get
yours today.
All right, Biz, you did mention
my thought. Mark, my thought. We're going to bring him on
in a little bit. We do have some more fan calls. People
liked them the last time, so we got a few more of those coming up.
But a couple of microphone incidents.
Rod the Board did a live interview with Darren Pang.
They were getting blown out.
And you think I...
He sounded like me reading fucking stats a couple months ago.
He was so fucking frazzled.
But, I mean, hey, good for him for sticking in there,
hanging in there, because the team was getting dummy there.
But, I mean, do coaches really hate doing them?
All right, just throw it to the fucking interview.
Well, Rod, obviously a disappointing start to this game.
Anything you're seeing out here that you can build on?
We're on our way to losing 50-0 right now.
I've never seen our team play this brutal.
At this point, you know, I'm lost for words, to be quite honest.
We weren't ready to start, which that was clear,
and now we're just kind of doing things not the way we do it.
And this is the way you get.
So at this point, we're probably turning the page.
Well, thanks for doing this.
I know it's not easy.
He was just trying not to swear.
I think that was the main part of it.
He just couldn't even fathom what was happening with his team.
And what is happening with the Hurricanes?
They can't get a save.
He's calling out the big dogs, too. he's called out the big dogs twice post game our best players aren't doing a good enough
job and there's only so many times biz agree with me disagree there's only so many times you can
kind of have these post-game press conferences that he's had lately it's getting stale a little
bit whoa whoa whoa wait are you saying rods on the hot seat no no i don't think he's had lately. It's getting stale a little bit. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Are you saying Rod's on the hot seat?
No, no.
I don't think he's on the hot seat.
But I also think in terms of the team turning things around.
When you continually get called out by the coach.
I think at some point.
What else can you do?
It seems like that to me.
If I ever coach.
You'd really have to keep that one in the back burner.
And then not do it again for a little bit. Because gets stale so I actually think this is a positive because every
season they come out guns a blazing you've mentioned it before wit and then you know
towards the end they might fizzle off a little bit uh part of their issues um they got a few more d
over the offseason we thought that I thought on paper they were the best defense core in the
eastern conference I think that we could all D'angelo had played there before he had an
incredible year you pick up orlov i mean the season that he had last year especially when
he got sent over to boston he fucking looked incredible so you think that they're going to
be awesome now when you're not playing that great and you don't seem to have pep in your step the
man on man in your own end can leave you so exposed and i think that that's been part of the problem so right now there's like
there's a missing chain and how when they're playing their best they're closing on guys
they're not getting a sniff in the d zone they're giving up like a league's uh like fewest high
danger scoring chances well right now they're giving up a lot they're not getting the saves
when they need it and a few of their big dogs up front like and i'm not going to single out
shvetshnikov because he's coming off that acl injury but he hasn't been the power forward that
we've seen in the past he's still got a lot of game left but if i'm the carolina hurricanes fan
base i'm actually excited that there's plenty of room for improvement in all areas and normally
it's them storming out of
the gate, taking the division lead and then fizzling off, whether in the second round or
Eastern conference finals, where they can't seem to win a game over the past, what, 20 years since
they won the Stanley cup. So if I'm a Carolina hurricanes fans, pump the brakes, unbelievable
interview by Rod, the bod sounded like RA trying to fucking do math, incredible stuff by Darren
Pang. Give the guy an
emmy i said i tweeted out i wouldn't have done that interview with riot gear on that's how
you can tell after he's like sorry thank you i know you didn't want to do that you didn't do
without riot gear on we were in florida yeah yeah i'm surprised i'm surprised brindamore would do
that good for him i Yeah, that is true.
I love that.
I think it's probably
respectful.
Tell me where you're
going to get access
in an interview like that
in any major sport
where it's that candid.
I think that
despite his team struggling
and what they were
going through in that game,
fucking big ups
to Rob Brindamore
even though Witt's
got him on the hot seat.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay.
The Senators bring him back an old school guy. Jacques Martin, they brought him back seat. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, maybe by this, like you're bringing this legend from the franchise. He should be happy he's got a job. That's what I was going to say.
He's got no option.
Realistically, DJ Smith's probably lucky to still be coaching the team right now.
So you have no room or no spot to complain no matter who they bring in to help because you're just like, thankfully, I'm still the head coach.
All right.
I want to talk because we talk a little bit with Mathot.
We talk more about
his career we don't really dive into ottawa as as much of i would have liked but he had an
incredible career um so jacques bartend is known as one of the best structure coaches to to ever
coach right he's been around forever he's seen the game evolve he's won everywhere a very successful
hockey mind that you want involved where i agree with you you on the DJ Smith stuff, and I said it myself,
he should be grateful he still got a job,
but that's not taken away from the fact that he's unbelievable to his players.
His players love him.
They love him.
They love him.
You know, you see every time Giroux or Brady Kachuk,
whenever they're talking to the media, when the fans are starting to get on them,
they're saying, shut the fuck up.
Get off them.
This is a team thing.
But sometimes some of these younger coaches who are players coaches and you know he
can't i believe he came out a junior too i think he was coaching either the oshawa generals or
ottawa 67s i forget who but sometimes it's hard to be the bad guy to some of these young guys and
they come in with all these like you know these big skill sets but don't understand the game from
a structural standpoint when they don't understand the game from a structural standpoint.
When they don't have the puck on their stick,
what are they doing?
How are they checking the other team
in order to get that puck back?
So I think that Jacques Martin is going to get in there.
He's going to see where their problems are
if he hasn't already watched and told them.
And he's going to have them playing better team defense,
better situational awareness.
And they're going to be puck hounds now in order
to go get it and then we all know that they know what to do with it when they have it so
i think a great move another set of eyeballs and i think the respect he brings he'll get the ears
of the players and in the short period of time that he's going to be there till the end of the
season in which i think that dj smith at least has till the end of the year based on everything
we've heard from management
because they don't want this constant turnover
and instability.
He can bring back to management saying,
this is where I don't think that DJ Smith
is getting through to the players.
This is where I think he's getting through to the players.
And here are the problems that I see
with the personnel that you guys have
and who I would move on from.
So that's all I got to say about that.
Great move.
And the book is still out on what the fuck is going to happen with these Ottawa Senators.
If you told the fans that December 11th, they'd be in last place in their division before the year, they would have lost their mind.
And they're sitting in last place in the Atlantic.
It's the exact same thing as the last five years.
And we still have not seen Brady Kachuk play a fucking NHL playoff game.
So it's just
a disappointing time for Ottawa Senators
fans no matter who you bring in.
And they can point to injuries
or whoever they had out of the lineup but every
fucking team that's playing right now has had
that. Every single team goes
through it. Dubas was talking about that with Pittsburgh.
Same thing. I mean
Golden's probably been the biggest bugable over the last several years. I mean if they had a, Golton's probably been the biggest bugaboo over the last several years.
I mean, if they had a top flight goalie,
they would have probably been the playoffs the last couple of years.
But anyways, hey, one thing about Jack Martien,
that dude hasn't aged at all in 30 years.
He still looks fantastic.
71 years old, he looks the same as when he was fucking 45.
But Mark Mathot, great senator, great interview,
terrific analyst up in Canada.
So we're going to send it over to him right now.
This interview is brought to you by Chevy.
I've been talking to you
guys about Chevy for a while now.
What a truck. The Chevy
EV. Grinnelli needs one.
I need one, although they probably don't want to give me
one now after my driving record
this past weekend. But
Chevy has convenient ways to research
and shop electrical vehicles online.
And when researching, utilize Chevy MyWay. Chevy MyWay is a game changer. I've been learning all
about this. There's vehicle specialists and hosts who give you a virtual tour and help answer all
of your questions. When you're ready, you're able to buy online by reviewing available EV inventory
or build your own at participating dealers.
You can do as much or as little of the buying process online with help from a participating
dealer. You could configure finances and lease payments, apply for credit, upload documents,
and finalize your purchase through our secure checkout process. And you can even schedule
vehicle delivery at home or at the dealership. See, that's my dream of ordering a Chevy EV and then just knowing the day it's coming
and waiting and then seeing that you pull up the driveway, guy gets out, hands you the
key, you already got the Chevy MyWay downloaded on your phone, and you're ready to rip, roar,
driving around in your new truck.
And also, if you prefer to purchase the traditional way in person,
the Nationwide Dealer Network is available to help you as well.
So learn more at chevy.com slash electric.
That's chevy.com slash electric.
Get over there now and get involved with a Chevy EV.
All right, it's time to bring on our next guest.
This strapping defenseman from auto was taken by Columbus
in the sixth round of the 2003 draft
and spent his first seven professional seasons
with the Blue Jackets organization.
He was then traded to his hometown, Senators,
where he spent the next five years of his career
before finishing up with two years in Dallas.
These days, you can catch him analyzing games on TSN up north.
It's a great pleasure to welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast,
Mark Mathod.
How you been, man?
It's about time you got going here.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
It has been a while.
I'm looking forward to it.
I think Biz reached out a little while ago,
and I was a little nervous about doing it.
I wasn't sure how the employer would feel about it,
so I'll kind of keep it as best I can for today.
We got a job for you over here, if anything goes wrong.
All good.
I guess my first question for you is,
what the hell is wrong with the ottawa senators
we'll start the hell like another year like this was it finally let's go boys nope still shit yeah
i don't know like there's always been it's frustrating because obviously you guys know i
do all the analyst work here and yeah we had a big game big game last night we had a full panel
in o'neill was in with pounder and duffy and we were covering the big game big game last night we had a full panel in O'Neill was in
with Pounder and Duffy and we were covering the Sens Toronto game and they came out flying this
is what Ottawa does or at least it feels this way they come out flying they'll put together a good
first period and then they'll lay an egg in the second period so it's it's a bit of clock management
or defensive management I don't know what's going on I think a couple years back it's been a bit of
a defensive issue where I think personnel was probably a bit of a problem some goaltending issues
but i i like i don't know anymore like they have such a great core they've locked in so many good
players now like their top six is pretty good they've got some pretty good defensemen now
jake sanderson's a stud shabbat chikrin i don't know i don't know what's going on not good i i
feel like they're in the same
place as buffalo like you mentioned they have all these studs that are locked in you know maybe
goaltending a bit of an issue now i seem to feel like a lot of the the focus and attention has been
on dj smith now do you think like sometimes it's hard to instill structure with these young guys
who are so high flying and skilled brady's come out and defended
him and love him like do you think at a certain point it's time to move on or do you think that
he can get through to these guys well the problem is he like he's a player's coach and the guys love
him so i would argue that you know there's times when a player when a coach loses the room and you
can make a legitimate argument there that it's like okay it's time to fucking move on like no
one's listening to him everyone's checked out this gets more
complicated because the guys like like they they want to play for him and and fans hear harp about
the structure and all this stuff all the time and it's like like what does that even really mean i
mean you guys know when we played like as a defenseman or a forward you kind of know generally
where you're supposed to be on the ice right like you go get a when you're retrieving a puck as a defenseman or a forward, you kind of know generally where you're supposed to be on the ice, right? Like you go get a, when you're retrieving a puck as a D man, you've got options.
You go to your partner, you go up the wall, maybe you hit the low center.
But I don't know that structure is always the issue.
I think it's just guys maybe showing a little immaturity at times.
And then, you know, those, the odd goal that goes through a soft one here and there.
odd goal that goes through a soft one here and there so I think I think at some point you have to cut the cord and make a change and make a splash because it does kind of mess with the
guy's heads a little bit when it's just the same old same old back and forth every night
might need a new voice I just don't like advocating for firing coaches like yeah I just because
there's a family element like I see their kids at the rink you know my son skates with his kids
sometimes I never see DJ but his wife's there a lot and they're really good people so I
understand that being a good person doesn't necessarily always make you the right coach at
any given point but like I'm not I'm not in the business to call for jobs because I understand
the human element being on the other side too and there's also that like fine line between being a
player's coach yet like being able to
yell at them and keep them accountable i think we talked about it last podcast where last year
keep at the start of year in toronto he like yelled or i guess chirp some of the guys play
and then ended up like apologizing for it where it's like hey at a certain point you got to crack
the whip and be like hey here you got to fucking play defensive you got to you got to buy into this
system and if you make mistakes you're going to be held accountable not from this like maybe this coddle
culture as we talk about now one of the other moves they made was bringing in jock martin now
is it going to be kind of like a good cop bad cop kind of thing like how is that dynamic going to
work yeah yeah they brought in the count he's he's this guy like like he's a tactician I I'm a huge fan of his like we I interviewed him
on our my old podcast um a couple years ago and I mean he's just he's the same guy all the time
you know like not overly emotional not too high not too low but I mean the guy's a wizard when
it comes to playing defense and understanding where players need to be so I mean to me you
bring in a guy like him that buys buys time for your coach, for sure,
because now he can get in DJ Smith's ear
and maybe giving him some pointers here and there will help out.
So I think it's a really good move.
But again, it's like, you know, if this just continues on,
it wouldn't surprise me that you see a coaching change.
But until they get a GM, you can't make a change,
and they don't have a general manager right now.
Yeah, and I would say if they did have a GM,
he'd probably be in a little bit more trouble, DJ Smith,
because if you just look at Minnesota and Edmonton,
the coaching change has worked.
And I'm not saying it was the prior coach's fault,
but sometimes it just gets the guys buzzing.
So we'll see.
But is Martin going to be on the bench, or is he more just...
No. He's an eye in the sky. And he lives in the area.
So he's just east of Ottawa.
So he's been actually coming to games quite a bit.
Before they officially hired him, he's been around the rink a lot.
So he's already got a really good pulse on the team.
He'll be upstairs and obviously going back and forth.
It's kind of a soft role where he might talk to players sometimes.
Some tidbits for the coaching staff.
That's kind of what it's looking like.
When you were playing and finishing up um did you kind of know that you wanted to get involved in media was this kind of your idea or was it retire and just figure
it out from there guys so i like i don't know how you guys well i know biz you were always really
busy and you were like one of the first twitter guys too in the nhl but so you always had your
kind of eye on the media thing for me like i like that
first i don't know what you guys that first year was really really hard like a it was coincided
with like our two young kids and i went from like being incredibly busy and being told where to be
where to go to like a stay-at-home dad and i'm not i'm not complaining i don't want people to go off
a fucking millionaire complaining about you need a But like, it's really hard retiring in your mid thirties. And I was pushed
out because of a knee injury. So that made it that much harder. But no, I kind of waited around
a little bit. I thought maybe I'd get a phone call from someone like maybe the Sens to help
out there, but that things were still a bit of a tire fire in the organization at the time between ownership and everything else that was going on. So eventually started doing a podcast
and kind of got into that. But the hardest thing for me being on this side was being critical of
players. Like, I don't know about you guys, but like just, just being critical and, and, and maybe
not putting a player down, but like analyzing a guy and saying that was a shit play or this wasn't good or I'm not a fan of this guy.
I had a hard time with that because a lot of these guys that I'm analyzing were players
I was just playing with, you know, the year before the year prior to that.
So and you know, they hear it.
That's the thing.
One hundred percent.
My thing with that is, well, one, I can't wait till I don't know anyone in the league
anymore.
Same.
Because then you don't feel as bad.
But you always will feel bad having played.
And it's like one of those things when you're playing
and you hear somebody ripping on you,
you're like, I'm trying my hardest.
It's a lot harder than I think you make it sound.
But also, you're not necessarily doing your job
if you're not sometimes like,
hey, listen, this guy is just not working right now.
So it is a tough balance.
Where I feel like hockey, it's probably the toughest.
Some other sports, guys really don't give a shit.
But hockey players, I think with how close the moves are.
Hockey players are tight.
Hockey guys are tight, right?
And I'm not just saying, I know it's a generalization,
but hockey players are just a little bit different, right?
Groups are super tight.
They all travel together.
I remember getting on the bus and hearing about some of the NBA teams,
how they're very
clicky.
You know, you've got your starters, then you've got your bench guys and they don't really
mingle all the time.
They kind of go their separate ways.
Whereas hockey, I mean, it's not like that at all.
So like you said, it's tough to get now on this side and start criticizing guys.
It's very uncharacteristic.
You said a bit of a tire fire when you were around the Senators.
Like, what do you mean by that?
Well, just with all the moves, right?
When they started trading players away, like with Eric Carlson, with Mark Stone.
So there was a lot of heat on the general manager, a lot of heat on ownership
because fans just assumed they weren't spending the money and they just wanted to unload.
After that 2017 run we had, they just blew everything up.
They blew everything up.
You know, we were an OT in the conference final in 2017 against Pittsburgh.
We lose in game seven in double OT.
We had a pretty good team.
I know people can argue that, you know, okay, well, we were very lucky.
We got some good breaks to get where we did, but I've still had a pretty good fucking hockey team.
And to just go around.
So the expansion draft happens.
I get pulled out of Ottawa because, you know,
Dion had his no-wave clause, if enough.
And Cody Ceci was another D-man at the time.
He was very young.
He was a 23-year-old, so they protected him.
And then for the third protection, it was obviously Eric Carlson.
So I get dumped.
I go to Vegas.
They started moving other players away that season,
and they just kind of flipped everything up. So the fan base was really irritated. And, uh, you know, there, there
was a lot of animosity towards ownership at the time to all of that shit together,
um, create a lot of negativity around the organization. So you were picked up in the
expansion draft and then what traded right away. Yeah. I can still remember sitting at the keg and
I got a call from my agent, uh, right got picked up actually it started before that mccrimmon called me and told me that they were that they'd scoop me up
in the draft but it was such a cold conversation he was just kind of like so uh hey it's so and so
and uh yeah we uh we picked you up we just wanted to know uh like there was no welcome to the
organization it was so uh like what's your you're pretty firm on your 10 team, no trade.
It was something like that, like right off the bat.
He was like, I didn't want to take you, but we have you now.
Yeah.
And I was like, right away, I'm like, oh, fuck.
Like, here we go.
Here we go.
And the worst part is I was kind of pumped to go there.
Here I'm thinking like a new organization, no state tax, a warm place.
Cause I was just playing in Ottawa under the microscope in Canada. So it was a nice change of pace for me. Um, but then
I was really lucky. Jim Nill, um, you know, scooped me up, you know, from Dallas, obviously.
And I remember getting a call from my agent prior to knowing I was going to Dallas and,
um, it was my agent and he was just basically asking me, would you be comfortable going to
Dallas? I'm like, why the, why are you asking me this? Just say yes, or sure I would be.
And I ended up going there.
And unfortunately, I was hurt for most of my time there.
It was just shit luck.
But things worked out.
The fans feel like this is sort of an organizational reboot.
Obviously, they're disappointed for the last decade or so.
But, you know, obviously, there's a total new ownership.
They got Steyer.
They feel like, oh, this is kind of new slate.
We can maybe finally get things going here.
Or are they just kind of, oh, same old bullshit?
No, no, no.
It's good here now.
Like, I mean, with Dan Lauer coming in, I mean, what a stud.
Like, I remember seeing him at the golf tournament.
He was staying on a hole.
Like, instead of just joining a foursome and just playing the round,
he waited on a hole on a par three.
He was hitting balls with every group that came through.
And I realized this, you know, this is pretty normal.
We're talking about a billionaire here that doesn't need to do that.
Shaking hands with all the fans.
Just a really personable guy.
So a lot of really good messaging from him in the media.
And he's starting to show it.
He brings in Steyos, spending money on Martin coming in now.
And he wants to change things up, wants to change the culture around the room.
So it's a breath of fresh air for sure.
And I think fans have a lot of hope now moving forward.
Now we just got to fix this on ice product and get these guys playing a
little bit more consistently,
but overall between that and potentially moving downtown,
which I think the team desperately needs to do.
Yeah.
I mean,
there's nothing where you guys know you're driving into Canada in like
February.
It is dark and depressing.
Siberia. Yeah. It feels is dark and depressing. Siberia.
Yeah.
It feels like you're going to Siberia.
What's the one restaurant though they have by the rink where they get to?
The Italian one?
No, Fratelli.
Fratelli, yeah.
Oh, that's one.
Is there a Moxie's out there too?
There's a Moxie's out there.
Yeah, there's a couple spots.
But I mean, it's in a strip mall.
There's like a hockey life next door to it.
It's not sexy. You're not playing in downtown any other city. It's in a strip mall. There's like a hockey life next door to it. Like it's not, it's not sexy. You're not, you're not playing in downtown, you know, any other city.
So it's a little different when, uh, when all that was going down. Uh, I think Ryan Reynolds
actually came to a game. Did you get the opportunity to meet him? Go shake his hand. I mean, he's,
he's probably at this point, Mr. Canada, I guess, until the, the, the Japanese guy signed with the
Jays. So I've heard two conflicting stories here so
i didn't get a chance to meet him any game that he was there i was usually working but i could
see him sitting in the box and i know chris phillips sat with him a little bit because philly's
an ambassador with the team too and does some work so a lot of good feedback there heard he's a very
nice guy then i also heard that he was down at city hall and somebody that works there thought
that he was treating there was a couple of them that he was kind of rude with now that's just hearsay and you know how people talk so it
could be full of shit but i've heard two conflicting sides i think i mean i don't i can't imagine
anybody not liking that guy i'm a huge fan of his too um but again you know you never really know
what goes on you know behind the camera so well blake lively didn't give me any loving in the
morning i'd be pretty upset too
i'd be pigeon posse workers at the capitol left and right just sucker punching trudeau
i'm not touching that i'm not yeah yeah exactly you have to especially being from ottawa and all
as well well let's go back to to your career and i mean on one of the the best junior teams of all
time right took down the memorial
cup year last year in london correct yep what a run that must have been it was it was it was insane
we were so lucky i mean um you know we thought that last year that memorial cup year was during
the lockout season so we are not and i know half the people probably don't want to hear about an
old war story about junior hockey but that memorial cup was special because it was the NHL lockout year and we
were playing against Sid Weber.
Shea Weber was with Cologne at the time.
And I think the 67th were also in the tournament too,
but we got a lot of attention,
man.
And I can still remember that.
That was,
that was the first time I saw Sid in person and,
you know,
you knew a lot about him.
We knew he was really good and he was carrying Rimouski,
but I mean,
seeing him, i still remember
being in the banquet hall the night before the tournament started or two days before the
tournament whatever it was and this fucking guy walks in with like his own security so like there's
like three guys around him and you know when you're a 19 year old and you're seeing this you're like
what is going like who like what is this who does this guy think he is and i i can and i love sid by
the way i've got nothing but respect for him.
But I didn't know him at the time.
So we're all sitting there at our table having dinner.
And this guy walks in with security guards.
And at that age, you're thinking like, OK, this is a little extreme.
That alone, that put a bad taste in my mouth.
Right then and there, I hated him.
That alone made me angry.
And then we play in that first game.
It was an electric game.
A lot of fun.
Over time, we end up winning that game it was an electric game a lot of fun over time we
end up winning that game we end up winning the tournament but um you know that that for me
was a wake-up call and then now that i've seen the way bedard and his entourage happens like i
covered connor bedard last year in regina i was doing color for one of those games and i had a
chance to talk to him and i'm like what's it like you know off the ice what are your habits like
and we talked about that a little bit.
And then I asked him about the crowd control and what people are like around him.
And he would tell me that there are like crowds of people waiting for him.
Like they don't roll in a medicine hat on the bus at like 2 a.m.
And there's like a crowd of adults, like old dudes waiting for the kid for autographs.
So I can understand now why at the time Sid had some guards around him because there are mouth breathers everywhere.
And they'll get right up in your personal space
and they won't leave you alone because they don't get it.
Yeah, they are mutants a bunch of them.
That final game, you beat them 4-0.
Sid, no points.
Were you a big part of keeping them off the score sheet that game?
Yeah, but it wasn't just me.
I mean, we had like Brandon Prust at the time was a good shutdown guy.
He played up front.
He was a really good centerman.
Me, Prick, out there too.
I know Biz probably had plenty of run-ins there.
And then Dan Girardi was my D partner at the time too.
So we had a really strong team.
We had some players like under the radar guys like Dan Fritchie at the time
came in to us after playing a full year in the NHL with Columbus.
He comes down with us too. We had Rick Nash on our emergency list he potentially could have played for us that year
as well and then you got guys like Dave Bolin and Corey Perry and Danny Savrat who was a really good
defenseman at the time with us too so um you know we had we had a great team but that that was my biz do you remember the u17 uh tournament by any chance yes yeah you
the under 17 tryouts for team ontario this is a good story about biz so he's gonna play stupid
right now he probably no i don't like i remember the team and i remember we went to stonewall
selkirk so we go to this we go to this u17 turn i'm unfamiliar with how this thing works i get invited to team ontario it was a big deal
for me because i was a late bloomer coming out of ottawa most of these kids on team ontario all the
fucking rich gthl kids right like all the good players cake eaters so i'm like some loner coming
from ottawa coming over to play and we're staying at york university these dorms we're staying in
these dorms and it's, you know, like
for, so every, every team, there's like four teams, like team red, black, whatever it was blue.
So we're divided into four teams. This is on one team. I'm on another with a bunch of players
and we're all on our own separate floors, but there's no locks on the doors. So, you know,
we're all kind of coming and going at different times. And I think, I guess on
the first or second day, our whole floor gets ransacked. So like our rooms are flipped upside
down. Guys are fucking with each other. Right. So my bed's upside down rooms inside out, everybody
else's too. So the next day, me and a bunch of our own teammates, we go do it to, you know,
to the other team. We do the same thing. We're grabbing mattresses. We're throwing them in the
bathrooms. We're throwing them down the hallways, down the fire exits. So the next day
after that, I don't know if you remember this. I remember the dorms now we were playing past the
eight quarters. So we get called in, we get called in. There's like a huge investigation from all the
higher ups that are evaluating us. So I get called in with the rest
of my team to like in front of like Mike Fuda and a bunch of other big dogs that were running the
team. And they asked me, they're like, so they asked the whole team. They're like, so who was
involved with this and this and this? And me thinking, I'm like, this isn't a big deal. I'll
just put my hand up. Yeah. I threw a mattress down the stairs. You know, like I was, I don't know why
I did it, but I did it. It wasn't a a big deal it sounds insane that i'm even talking about it well compared to hockey canada's other issues
so what are these what are these what do these people do they kick so me and like three other
guys own it because i'm trying to like take accountability and be a good guy yeah yeah i did
it was me you know i don't want the other guys to get blamed for something i did mind you half
our team did something so they kick all the remaining players and they kept like five or six players in the room.
And I'm like, okay, this is not good.
You're thinking at that age, it's a big deal.
You're playing for Team Ontario potentially.
And now it's all gone to shit.
My parents were there watching the games at the time with my brother.
So anyway, they're cross-examining us and it gets
to the point, it's so intense. I start crying in the room. Like a couple of us were really upset
because I'm thinking my career is over and I'm going to get sent home. And you know, there's
players coming and going, kind of looking into the window and seeing what's going on. And I'm like,
and my dad's, he floats by and he sees us and I'm like, oh no, like this, this isn't good.
So the next day nothing
happens there they send us out of the room we go on our way the next day they pull us into this big
dinner conference room and this old fucker i forget his name like it was the worst speech i've
ever heard taught like you'd think you'd think the worst thing ever happened and he's talking about
how it was a disgrace and this and that and you, we're not going to kick anybody out of this tournament,
but you know what, whatever.
We're going to let them play on, but you're not playing on this team.
And I'm like, my parents are listening to this and they know I'm involved.
And I'm like, I was a loner, like loser kid growing up.
They never did anything wrong.
Right.
So like, this was a shocker to them.
So anyway, so the point is you fast forward, like two years later,
I'm playing in the OHL.
We're playing against fucking Saginaw.
And it was my first year in the O.
There's a scrum.
Biz comes over to an overager.
Ryan Hare, I think was the guy's name at the time.
And Biz starts chirping me about what happened for Team Ontario.
He's like, this guy is calling me a crybaby in front of all my teammates.
And this is in london i
don't even remember that you do well i remember it was very i started i threw you out of the bus
you're crying and i didn't know how to handle it on the ice like i couldn't even chirp you back i'm
like he's got me here like i don't even know what to say so then fast forward a couple years later
business like one of my first nhl fights and i shit the bed in that too could barely land we i don't know i don't even remember fighting in the nhl the ct is really
pigeon tossing you right now yeah so so in phoenix you laid out derrick broussard who's like one of
my closest friends and i know you know brass really well too you get along great with him
laid him out and i felt the need to fight biz because i don't want to look like a pussy i gotta do something about this you know you guys know what
it was like back then too and uh all i remember was i go to like casually drop my gloves i don't
even know what i'm doing biz like they they couldn't have come off quicker like they just
just sheds them right then and there i'm like and then i'm lining up with them i'm like fuck
like here we go well at that point yeah at that point, yeah, at that point,
I'd already started.
You caught me a couple times in the back of the head,
but no damage in the face.
I didn't land a punch.
I was hanging on.
It's pretty embarrassing.
Biz was holding on to you throwing his mattress down the stairs
for five years waiting for that.
But I hated Biz.
Like, for a while there, I was like, man, this guy sucks.
Like, he's a piece of shit.
But I got over it.
I met you in vegas a couple years
later i had to overcompensate for my lack of play and then a lot a lot a lot of chirping during the
scrums and everything it's all good man i'm over it yeah i could tell hey another thing that you
used to do apparently is you're a big tarp off the tarps off guy at the parties and stuff you would always have your shirt off in the room who told you that uh i mean i i think a few of the
boys were mentioning i got a little bit of dirt here i actually got a a text also uh oh there was
one thing you mentioned earlier too i want to ask you about uh i think you said who'd you say chris
phillips you used to hang around with but uh my buddy said that you have some unreal ch Chris Neal stories from your time in Ottawa. And that's a guy that we don't really
usually hear about. And we were talking about scrapping. So that's kind of what sparked my head.
Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. Well, Neal is the kind of guy like, I love him by the way. He's a beauty,
nice guy. Like, like lives and breathes, dies, bleeds red Ottawa senators. He's one of those
guys, you know? And, um, I just, with Kneeler, you can't prank him. You could never
do anything to him because if you did, it comes back at you a hundredfold. I can remember some
of the rookies he'd deal with. We had a guy, I think it was Patrick Weirkoch at the time,
a defenseman out of college, and he's playing with us. He did something stupid to Kneeler.
I forget what it was. Fucked with one his hats or something um and kneeler goes to
the grocery store buys a piece of salmon like like a shitty salmon filet gets to the rink tucks it
under his rear mat like in the back of his truck like you know under the mat somewhere and doesn't
say anything to him like it just just just leaves it there and so like days days go by and and and
patrick weirkoch is like
what's going on my car stinks you know like what are we going to do here takes it to the dealership
and finally finds out there's just a huge piece of fish under his mat and he's he's just he's that
guy like he he i there's still a story i can remember of campoli i believe chirping and we're
saying something pretty off the cuff to him and And Neeler just chased him right into the bathroom, right in the face, like knocked
him, popped him right in the face, drops him there.
Um, what's another one?
So you would say that he, you know, he took himself very seriously.
Not often.
Well, that, that was more serious, but like, you know, I, I'd be beaking him on the plane
and I'd get off the plane and I'm a little late getting to my truck in the middle of
winter and there's a peanut butter and jelly sandwich smeared all over my windshield you know like that's the
kind of guy he was but it was funny and guys loved him I don't he I don't hate him for that stuff we
still talk better better at giving it than taking it then yeah yeah yeah exactly yeah he's a good
dude though after you get drafted out what like what did the senators tell you as far as like your
progress how many years you might be in the league like did you have a real belief like
as a six-round pick you're gonna be in the NHL when I years you might be in the league? Like, did you have a real belief like as a six round pick,
you're going to be in the NHL?
When I, like when I came into the league?
No, like even before that,
you know, six round,
a little bit of a later pick.
Yeah, so, well, you guys know,
like, well, this is perfect
because Biz and Witt can relate
to this a little bit, I'm sure.
But when I came in, for me at least,
the challenge for me was always,
you know, I was a bigger player
and I was not fighting.
I was physical, loved hitting guys, loved laying guys out.
And I'd fight if I had to, but I could never just like, I can never just square off with
a guy for no reason.
Like I'd have to be pissed off or angry.
And that's generally the only time I would ever drop them.
So when I got to Columbus, that was always a hurdle for me.
Coming into the league, having to try to play tough.
I respected my opponents sometimes a little too much.
You know, you're a little starstruck looking at some of the players across the ice.
Those were always my problems as a player coming in.
And it wasn't until like my third or fourth year pro that I kind of figured it out.
I'm like, hey, like these guys, there's no difference between all of us.
Like I'm just as good a skater as some of these players.
I can play just like these guys, there's, there's no difference between all of us. Like I'm just as good a skater. Some of these players, I can play just like these guys.
And I think, I think that mental stuff is usually, you know, the big kind of detriment
for a lot of young guys that are trying to break into the NHL.
It's like, you know, okay, the guy you're playing against right now on the other side,
you don't need to respect him that much.
Like just picture this, you know, he's taking your lunch money right now.
You can either make a career out of this and show him no respect and play him hard, or you can sit back and let him do his thing. And maybe you don't have a job tomorrow. So
I, I, it took me a while to figure that out, but I eventually did. And then,
um, you know, a couple of years in Columbus, I kind of started getting the hang of it. And then
even more so when I got to Ottawa and the best thing that ever happened to me was, was getting
paired up with Eric Carlson. I mean, for me, um, you know, getting the opportunity to play with
him kind of really, I really found my role. I mean, for me, you know, getting the opportunity to play with him
kind of really, I really found my role. I was always a top four guy in Columbus,
but I never really had the right partner to play with. I was always interchanging with different
players. But when I got to Ottawa, getting to play with a Norris Trophy guy like him, it was,
it was the best thing ever. Was skating always one of your strengths? Like that was your thing
growing up or would you become better at that like when you turned pro or in junior I tell kids this level of kids I tell parents this all the time now and my
dad maybe took it a little far as far as all the power skating goes but like that was that was my
bread and butter it was my skating I mean if you could move I could you know for my size at least
I'm not saying uh you know I wasn't I wasn't McDavid out there obviously but I was moving
well for my size and as a defenseman and so at the very least i could always catch up to players and players
would never go around me and that was something that i always took a lot of pride in but it
started at such a young age you know like you have to get those fundamentals down right away and
i was so comfortable skating backwards and that largely is why i was able to catch guys off guard
with all those hip checks too right like that Like that was something that, you know, you give a player an opportunity where he thinks he's got
you beat. And with your edge work, just being able to swing my hip out the way I would,
would allow me to catch guys off. Even with like a missed poke check, you know, I'd go to poke a guy,
maybe he kind of gets the puck around that. And then I could follow it up with my hip. And
with people see a lot of those highlights that I have, a lot of it, I initial poke check miss that then the player thinks he has me and then that's when i
would swing out so skating for sure like i would say to any parent like make sure your kid can
wheel like that that's your ticket right there and now more than anything like now it's like
then when we played you could you know there was a play away with it you could get now i i i really don't think
many people have a chance unless you fly which which can be good and can be bad in a sense because
there's some great players probably younger players that just don't move well enough to ever really
get a chance agreed um it's probably a good segue uh one of the big topics came out of tortsmouth
about the the maybe lack of accountability on the guys being hit and you
watch so much hockey you talked about how you came up you used to lay those huge hip checks
how do you view maybe these younger players coming in and how do you view the development
standpoint from the contact should it be implemented sooner uh right now in some places they're pushing
it back which i think is is the wrong way to go. What do you think?
I think you nailed it.
I think you posted something over the last two weeks, Biz, where you mentioned it was a mistake to extend it to an older age group. Because people are always  that's the problem with sports and maybe with hockey to a degree now is whenever we want to change something, there's always like an overreach correction.
It's like, okay, so we're worried about concussions and kids or whatever.
So let's, let's push it back.
Okay.
So now you're going to let like hormonal teenagers that were, you know, like physically, there's
such a large gap between them, right?
Like I didn't hit puberty until later where some guys, you know, I'm showering and I'm
not calling myself a bird watcher, but like you're looking around and I'm like, these guys are men and i'm still a kid in here like what's going on and so my point is
it's like some of these guys now like that's the age group that where you're starting to hit and
now you're going to see bigger injuries so i think more importantly though when you're starting at a
younger age you can also teach kids how to absorb hits and like how to take the hit and i think
that's a really critical part of the contact in hockey and so now like it's funny you say this i was sitting with odog
during the game last night and i remember we were looking at each other and guys are swinging away
now and i'm not just talking like a mitch warner or a tim stutzla like everybody like there's no
hitting it's and and like prime opportunities where you can lay a guy
out.
And I'm not,
I'm not advocating for fighting or for guys to act like goons on the ice.
I want to be clear,
but like,
I feel like that's starting to coincide.
I don't know how you guys feel about this,
but I feel like largely that's also creating a lack of passion or rivalry
that you're seeing,
you know,
like when you've got those fuck you's
after the whistles and scrums or big hits with more scrums, it creates like more passion and
it galvanizes your groups. And then all of a sudden the fans get into it and there's like a
bit of a, there's more energy. You know what I mean? And now I was watching that game last night,
two divisional rivalries that are in the same province and there was barely any contact.
And I'm like, well, the game's changing. And I understand that I I'm always very careful
because I don't want to sound like some old dinosaur. That's like complaining about the
new generation. I don't like doing that. But I told this story on TSN yesterday. The biggest
tell for me was my last year in Dallas. I can still remember at times like boxing guys out
at net front or trying to.
And the officials are yelling at me.
They're like, Math, Math, hands down, don't touch him.
You couldn't do it anymore.
And it happened.
It felt like it happened overnight.
Because just two years prior, I'm battling with guys in Pittsburgh
in the playoffs, and you're getting away with everything.
Can't do that anymore.
So I don't like, I guess to finish my point,
I know I'm ranting now.
No, no.
I don't like where the game is trending.
I think it's incredibly skilled and fast.
I worry about that physicality aspect
because now it feels like every other night,
it doesn't really matter who you're playing.
Like as a fan now, when I'm going to the games,
it's like, it doesn't matter if they're playing
the Red Wings or Buffalo or Toronto.
It's all the same. It just feels more robotic now and i don't like it especially for the bottom six in my opinion i just want to see them more emotionally invested like if there's like sometimes
you'll you'll have periods where like jesus christ man the fact that people paid to get in the ring
to watch that like if you're a bottom six guy go run a guy fucking make some noise on the
glass and have a scrum after the whistle and like you talked about it's more about that fan engagement
all of a sudden they're out of their seat so i i view like a couple big hits just as just as good
as a goal you know from a live people people you you guys hear like you hear the crowd right like
when there's whether you have two guys squaring off or you've got a huge hit, fans are on their feet.
I mean, there's a reason for that.
And I understand that they're trying
to make the game safe
and you want to eliminate the headshots
and all that stuff.
But it's the turning away
and like, you know,
skating away from contact
and not finishing a check on the four check
and stuff like that.
I'm seeing it decrease big time.
Anyway, that would be my only concern right now.
The flybys and the swings you're talking about,
they're so obvious to me now that I have to think
it's coaches saying, hey, don't even waste energy on that hit.
He's moved the puck.
Backtrack harder because they're so obvious now
where a guy could easily just run a guy as he releases the puck
and they don't where I'm like, that can't be not told. that has to be being told to him like don't finish hits that's how you wear
teams down that's how you wear them down you know like your bumps and like you guys remember what
it's like playing against certain teams like we would play I'm trying to think of like tough teams
that I played against like Toronto at the time when they had guys like Colton Orson is a one-off
there's there's many more but like you'd play against the odd physical team,
and you'd be hurting after a game, and you'd feel it the next night.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I know the game's really quick now, but I just feel like that's taken out,
and it's an effective strategy.
It's not hard to finish a check if you're a role player.
People will love you for it.
And for whatever reason, you're not seeing it the same anymore. anyway chris neal but um i i had a great time when i was up at sportsnet working
with doug mclean and i know he was your first nhl gm right do you have any funny stories with him i
mean i'm guessing you're not dealing with the gm that much but i don't know if you enjoyed your
time uh listening to his stories if you ever got uh i mean he chirped me for my my signing bonus as a as a like
when i first saw my contract one of the first thing that told me was like oh you're harder to
sign than rick nash i was like you know and i'm like 17 18 at the time uh but no i you know doug
was flashy he'd come in with the nice suits and yep um you know he liked to dress up and you know
he's an important guy and all that but i don't want to chirp him because I did get along with him pretty well.
But, you know, I guess he's a loud guy and he had a loud personality and very animated around the room.
Wasn't shy to come in and, you know, tear a strip off of the group if we were playing like shit.
Oh, he would?
You know, oh yeah, he'd come in there.
And I mean, that's just the way he was.
And, you know, I can still remember the last thing I remember him saying, and this was
like, this really bugged me.
This was during my first year in Ottawa.
I can still remember him chirping me on a sports net panel saying that I wasn't a top
pairing defenseman or something like that.
So that stood out too.
But I love you, Doug.
I'm not chirping you.
I think you take him to the cleaners on the signing bonus.
It wasn't even because that was the first year. That was they changed it they changed it so i signed for 250 and i can
remember after my first game against ramuski uh in uh in the memorial cup i scored two goals i had
the overtime winner and uh i came in the room and i think it was savrette beside me like roll like
eight hundred thousand dollars like on a little piece of paper like it left it in my stall so it was so disappointing that summer when i signed first thing they gave up first thing they
said see you later rookie and then my first check my first check was like 25 and this is by the way
i realized we're getting the money talk and i know people are gonna cringe oh god here we go
in today's world don't worry listen to me point. Yeah. But I can remember getting that first check
and I think the first installment was like 25K and I got, I think I cleared like 12 something
of that 25. I remember calling my agent right away and saying like, it was Larry Kelly at the time.
I remember, Larry, what's going on here? Like, where's the rest of my money? I had this idea
that I was going to buy like an Escalade or something. I ended up buying a used trailblazer in Syracuse.
Okay.
So I was actually just going to ask you about going back to Syracuse because, you know,
I wouldn't say you were like a killer in junior.
You're always played physical, great skater, but you develop that nastiness over time.
How much did going to play in Syracuse with those mutants down there?
Like you guys had Marasti on here, right?
Buddy, the mutants you guys had inasty on here right buddy the the mutants you
guys had in syracuse when you were there i would imagine that put a few stripes on you the one year
we had uh sogden so yeah well that was before so sogden was in there the year before but the
one year when sogden was gone we had zen and kanopka uh derek dett, Tom Sestito, Aaron Rome,
who was pretty tough on defense.
We had John Morasty.
We had Mike Scroi.
Mike Scroi, I can still remember, came to my condo.
I was with Jeff Platt, another player at the time.
We were rooming in the same age group, young players in Syracuse.
Mike Scroi came to our place with a bunch of VHS tapes.
This guy lived down in Florida. He was a tough guy. Came with a bunch of VHS tapes. This guy lived down in Florida.
He's a tough guy.
Came with a bunch of VHS tapes, and they were porns.
Yeah, they were Scroisey.
Porn star, poker player, UF sweep fighter.
He did it all.
And he was telling us his nickname's The Destroyer
or whatever it was.
I forget at the time.
This guy.
And beauty, by the way.
I liked him.
The porn videos we obviously didn't watch. I'm dude i don't i don't need to see this you know but
he'd come to the rink in a full-blown like leather long like jacket he'd be wearing these biker
gloves and he'd come in in his in that he wouldn't even get undressed we'd we have a punching bag in
the basement where we'd get dressed in syracuse in this old barn and he'd start hitting the bag like in his gloves and
he'd headbutt the bag he'd kick the bag a little bit and this was like my first year in the american
league and i'm like what the fuck what have i gotten into here like this isn't hockey what are
we doing and that that pretty well set the tone i'm like this is this is just what it's like i
thought and playing around it was a circus and this is the jungle baby we had guys like fans running around with like an indigenous headdress uh with like like pelts over
their shoulders running around the building with like the hansen brothers and i have zen and
kanopka spraying the fans during warm-up with water bottles like the whole thing was insane
and um you know i never i didn't fight much but but I'd have to occasionally because of that stuff.
So that kind of gave me an introductory moment there into the American League and into pro hockey.
That's awesome.
How'd you like playing for Hitch?
Hitch was the man.
He's probably my favorite coach.
You know, I can still remember.
Kind of a hockey genius.
So smart.
We had him on the show and he just he'll talk about it for hours.
He's got so many ideas, thoughts.
Well, our first introduction to him was training camp in St. Louis
and just seeing how he was able to break down video
and articulate where you should be on like a four check, for instance,
where for a guy who never played the game,
I mean, he was just like what said he was a hockey genius.
Yeah, no, no, he was great.
And what I loved about Hitch was that you could like, he would challenge you and you could challenge him like i'm sure you guys
have heard the stories like i can remember i can remember even like there was a game in uh in
arizona or in phoenix and we had mal holter on our team manny mal holter was playing and hitch
was all over one game and manny was a good player with us obviously this is just one example but
like i'd be sitting there again as a rookie i was i think it wasn't even a rookie i think it was a good player with us obviously this is just one example but like i'd be sitting there again as a rookie i was i think it wasn't even a rookie i think it was a call-up and manny would just give
it like calling him like a fat you know f-bomb and like going back and forth on the bench and then
he'd go out there have a great shift and then he'd come back and hitch would be like good
good manny and like clapping his hands and getting in his ear and it's like that's the kind of guy
he was and i mean i respected the shit out of that i thought that was fantastic and you know we've all heard
the old war stories of hitch and some of the stuff that happened maybe in dallas or whatever but but
all that aside i mean i liked it he challenged guys and and and more importantly he treated
everybody the same it didn't matter if you were like a 13 year vet or a three-year guy it didn't
matter he like he'd sit you if you were playing like dog shit or he'd play you a ton.
If you were a young guy,
he didn't discriminate.
And that's what I think a lot of guys respected about him.
And that's why he coached for so long.
Oh,
one guy,
I got to ask you about,
uh,
Sergei Fedorov.
You got to play with Sergei Fedorov in Columbus.
Like talk about a weird landing spot for Sergei Fedorov.
But I mean,
just what he'd accomplished, like what was his demeanor?
He was, he was different.
And I loved it, but like in a good way, but I, I always felt like he related more to the
young guys.
Like he was, he was such a kid at heart.
Right.
So, you know, I'd be going to like Chris Russell and Jared Bowles place.
Like we'd be like all those young guys would be playing like wars or call of duty at the
time I should say.
And like Sergei would come over and he'd start like translating the russians that he
could like he'd hear the russian language on the game when we'd be playing then he'd be like talking
to us and telling us what they're saying and then he'd be telling us about you know ferraris and how
like great investment what you need to do and he'd break it down for us on how you would buy a Ferrari. And like, I,
I had no money at the time.
Right.
And,
uh,
pregame meals,
like you wouldn't touch the pasta.
Like he'd,
he'd have like a little bowl of lettuce with plain chicken.
And he'd talk about the carbs and how you don't need that.
And I'm like,
Sergei,
man,
like I got to go out tonight and hit some guys and run around and block
shots.
Like I'm going to eat some pasta.
I think,
you know,
like that was just,
that was just how he was.
And, and I think, um, really interesting dude was just, that was just how he was. And,
and I think,
um,
really interesting dude.
A lot of the Russians usually are.
Um,
but,
uh,
that's,
that's,
that's the kind of guy he was.
It was a treat to play with.
I loved it.
Because you played there.
Do you,
do you tend to still follow the team and everything surrounding it?
What a tough go there.
I,
yeah,
like I follow them a little bit.
Like,
I don't know how you guys are with all the teams
but like I don't know man it's just I feel so bad for that fan base um because they've been so loyal
and but they've been so like lately at least like I know they had a couple good seasons there but
um they've been so mediocre it feels like for so long that they're almost kind of an afterthought
and I I it pains me to say that because i freaking love columbus like i love playing there they've got a great setup you got the practice rink
attached it's you know good good city to live in raise a family whatever and they they draw good
crowds they get great crowds and it's a fun yeah to play in i love fun barn to play in yeah like
you guys saw them in the playoffs those fans are on their feet the whole time. They're due for some winning teams,
but some of the moves that they made over the last couple seasons,
it just makes you kind of wonder, like some head scratchers.
I mean, right now you've got, I don't know.
I don't know what they're going to look like in a couple years.
Hopefully they figure it out.
But again, I guess just to repeat it,
I just feel bad for the fan base because they deserve better.
They need that D-man Juracek.
I'm probably saying it wrong, the high pick.
Yeah, Juracek, Juracek.
They need him to be a stud because if you get the,
you get the Fantilli who's kind of coming on here
and then you get the defensive stud, that's like,
you need a number one center and a number one D.
Like until that happens.
You need a number one guy at every position.
Yeah, you need a number one guy at every position. Yeah.
You need a number one guy at every position until you do,
you really have no chance.
You can make the playoffs.
You could do this,
do that.
You'll never become a Stanley cup winner.
So yeah,
I do like that team.
I think we've been over this, like the last team to win it,
who didn't really have that was probably the Carolina hurricanes,
right?
Where it was more of just like a well-oiled machine from top to bottom with no standouts.
But Ward stood on his head, so it was like...
Okay, well, there you go.
Yeah, fair enough.
I guess I'm a fucking idiot.
I don't think they had an ace on the back end
was basically the point.
No, they didn't.
Yeah, they didn't really have that.
Clyde Commodore was their ace.
But yeah, I want to go back to Carlson playing with him like I mean as far as skill for a
defenseman was it something that you'd never seen before like what was the things that he
would show you or do in practice were you just mesmerized day in and day out yeah well I mean
it was his confidence right like that's I mean he's a natural athlete for sure but I don't think
I've ever met a more confident guy,
like just so sure in himself all the time.
You know, like he knew what he wanted to do, passionate.
Like, you know, we'd get into yelling matches on the bench sometimes
just because I wasn't feeding him the puck enough.
And that's literally all I did, you know.
So he just couldn't get it enough.
Same on the power play, you know, him and Mark Stone or whoever else,
they'd be going back and forth a little bit.
But he had the ability.
Like the difference between Eric and a lot of other guys is he never took anything personally like he you know you you'd getting it you'd get in a fuck you with him on
the bench and then you know a minute later you're your buddies again and you're just getting to it
like all he cared about was winning games he wanted the puck and he wanted to win hockey games
and I'm I'm I'm sure he still approaches the game that way but between that and
having a chew in his mouth the whole time like this guy's got siberia or whatever else he's using
all game all game the whole time and i have no idea how he does it but that's just part of his
shtick and he's been doing it for as long as i can remember what's siberia mean the dip that's
the deal the snus the sweetest stuff it's like a it's like a special kind yeah
I don't even know if he's chewing that stuff this is so healthy don't bring up dip oh get the fuck
idea I do I do kale pouches I'm not telling anybody to do it I'm just telling you that
that's just Eric's that old school Swede that does a lot of the Swedes do and uh but no like
I mean I heard he swallows too yeah he's not spinning anything so but yeah it's
uh he was he was a treat to play with for sure and i mean i i think again like just his athletic
ability like he didn't have to train very much everything just came so naturally for him he
plays tennis in the summer and stuff he told what he does man that's what he does and would he tell
you like just give me the puck whenever
you get it was it one of those my first camp so the first the first uh the first camp we played
together that was like right after the lockout ended so it was a very short training camp in
like 2011 or 2012 or whatever it was and i would get the puck like there was a sequence once where
uh the play was in the offensive zone and the puck just kept coming up to me on the wall like
on the point and i was just one timing, like one touch passing it over to him.
And in that sequence, it had to have happened like three or four times, like consecutively.
And then like on the third or fourth time buries it. And then it happens again. And you just like,
just has a knack for finding the net. And so that then and there, I like, I knew I'm like,
okay, this kid's very special. I just got to give him the puck. And even in the D zone,
like, you know, guys know when you're getting a retrieval and you're going
to get the puck and you're under pressure and maybe the low center would get taken away.
Eric was like the extra layer, low center guy where you would give him the puck.
And it was like a springboard, like he was just gone and he was up the ice. And then sometimes
that would create odd man rushes back down my throat. But for the most part, I mean,
for the most part it worked out and he would get back.
So that's what he would bring to the table.
You're doing a shoulder check to go back for it next thing you know, scoops in there, grabs it.
It's my fucking puck, bitch.
100.
In that run in 2017, which that was one of the best series, that Easter conference final was unreal.
That was pretty close to when we started the show
already I think it was maybe the playoff before but I remember being so invested right the Penguins
and Crosby trying to get another cup but you mentioned your team people say you got some
lucky bounces along the way like what do you think would be considered luck in terms of your guys I
don't know I just I'm just used to reading like you know when people ever reflect on it I'm just
used to reading comments now saying like well ever reflect on it I'm just used to
reading comments now saying like well that team you know shouldn't have made it or they struck
luck at the right time and I like I don't know there might be a little bit of truth to that but
for the most part I mean things we had we had a pretty good group I mean we had some we had some
we had some depth up front we had a pretty good back end I guess Craig Anderson was fantastic for
us which is you guys know,
like goaltending is the secret sauce in the playoffs, right?
Like between that and being able to lock things down.
But then we'd have guys just step their game up
at the right time.
Like Mark Stone was excellent.
Kyle Torres, you know, Eric,
and you remember the connection in Boston,
that series with Eric Carlson's saucer pass
to Mike Hoffman,
where he does that nice little move and buries it.
Like we peaked at the right time. I don't like to think it was luck but um you know
we for sure we for sure just I think things just kind of worked out at the right time for us and
that's why we had so much success it wasn't during that playoff in the conference finals when you got
your finger chopped off by Sid was it just a couple months a couple months prior so they had to
they had to like fuse these two fingers together like the glove and add like a like a metal sheet
inside the padding but like what people don't know like that was still like my finger was still
broken so like every pass i would make every because you guys know what those those composite
sticks like the vibration running up that that shaft into my hand
was the worst like every time and so like i'm getting shot up i'm taking toward all i'm just
trying to ease the pain enough to be able to make a breakout pass but that like the first series
especially like the one against boston like so we went boston new york pittsburgh first series
against boston i could barely make a pass i was just paddling it up the wall as much as I could. And then I think the wake-up call for me was in the second round against New York where
there was a bit of a scrum. And I remember dropping my gloves and grabbing Nick Holden by the collar.
He didn't want to fight. And I didn't really want to fight either, but I was trying to act tough at
the time. And I remember grabbing him and my hand just getting caught up in his arm and just bleeding
everywhere at the time. The pain was so extreme. i don't know if you guys have ever screwed up your fingers
but the nerve endings in there man it is so incredibly painful i like i had to sleep with
my hand on my chest for i want to say like a month and a half because it would just throb
if i let it drop down i tell people i'd probably i'd rather get my nose broken again than get a
hangnail yeah like that's just how I process pain.
I just needed anything in my hands.
It was just like a nagging little thing or like stubbing your toe.
Yeah.
I remember seeing the clip of you because you're skating off the ice
and you took your glove off to take a look.
I thought they were going to have to amputate that part of your finger.
It looked like it was legit exploded.
It's like seven.
So Sid hacks it. He obviously doesn't do it on purpose i can remember our owner at the time like wanting to start an investigation oh yeah but but sid it was just like brutal
timing like he caught me he caught me right in the glove like between the padding and the leather
strip right so it goes right through i don't know if he was sharpening his twig before the game but
it went right through the glove right through my finger but I remember right after the play
I go like it hurt and I followed Sid into the zone I just kind of kind of grabbed him by the
collar similar to what I did you know a couple months later but I grab him with my glove on
and I could feel like this overwhelming like warm sensation just just all of a sudden pool into the
glove so I pull so i let go and i
started heading back towards the bench and that's when i pulled the glove off and it was just kind
of hanging there and i had to flick it and it just kind of it just kind of flapped over and uh but
but like the doctors were there and they brought me right back down into that back room sewed it
up together uh pretty quickly but i mean it like at the time it was brutal i was terrified because that doesn't happen
in hockey did he even get a penalty no no penalty oh god and i think that there was i think there
was already bad blood between the organizations because i want to say a year or two prior
was when matt cook thing oh that was i mean what was your opinion on how that all went down and as
far as investigations i think that they definitely tried to launch one on that.
It looked dirty because I can still remember it like it was yesterday.
He rode Carl into the wall.
I was on the bench.
So I don't know if Carl, like they were on the power play or not, but Eric was in the corner.
And Cook finishes him and Eric's like faces up against the glass.
And for whatever reason, Cook brings his foot up.
Like he lifts his foot up off the ice and just kind of sh cook brings his foot up like he lifts his foot up
off the ice and just kind of sheds it down like like scrapes it downwards right into eric's heel
behind the tongue i can't imagine he's actively trying to cut a guy's achilles tendon that sounds
a little insane but that's the way it went down and then after yeah like hugen melnick at the time
um wanted to start some forensic investigation to prove that it was done on purpose.
And I felt bad.
Like, it's funny.
But what Eric went through was brutal.
And I feel terrible for him there because that's, as you guys know,
that's sometimes like the kiss of death for athletes, right?
Like that Achilles thing.
Because I guess it just coiled right up his leg.
Oh, then they got to reach in and pull it down.
Oh, gross.
Like a lip shade mark mark when you get
traded to ottawa obviously hometown kid you had a few years under your belt did you know it was
coming were you pretty fired up about it take us through that that journey when you're coming to
ottawa well i i was brass was at my broussard was at my house uh it was canada day uh free agency
uh so january january july 1st and And I was throwing a Canada day party in my backyard.
Like I had a DJ coming by. I like was going all out. This was at the time I was still single.
And I can remember watching like the ticker. It was like around noon. Right. And like free
agency is just opening up and people weren't showing up at my house until like two or three
in the afternoon. So we're watching and i can remember a beat reporter in
columbus right after they drafted who was the kid's name that year a defenseman murray murray
yeah ryan murray a nice kid i played with him at the worlds he's a great kid but anyway
so he gets selected and then i remember the beat reporter writing and it popped up on the feed i
guess tsn or someone posted it whereas like Mathot is now expendable.
And I'm like, okay, you know, like,
I don't know how, but I guess I am.
You're like, he's 18.
Yeah, like, and I'm like in the top four in Columbus.
I thought I was a good player at the time.
But anyway, so like 1.30, two o'clock rolls around.
I'm already kind of like half in it.
Like we've been drinking quite a bit at this point.
And I get a phone call from Brian Murray and Brian,
like, so Brian called me before Scott Housen scott hausen was the general manager of columbus so
actually i get a call right away from brian he calls me and he lets me know on the phone and
um the timing was perfect because i was ecstatic like to get an opportunity to play in my hometown
was so cool so uh brian and i like had a great conversation there i don't know if i was slurring
my words or not i don't think i was but we had a good conversation there. I don't know if I was slurring my words or not.
I don't think I was.
But we had a good chat, was able to party and celebrate with everybody that same day.
And then things from there just kind of worked out.
Obviously, it wasn't great that we ended up going to a lockout that year for like half the season.
But finally, when the season started up, I got the chance to play for the team.
And real special.
I can't stress enough how important it is.
to play with for the team and um real special i can't stress enough how important it is like to get to play in your home city is is one of the best things you can experience as a pro athlete
were you surprised by the amount of money that you got because i want to say you signed a pretty
good deal wasn't it like five times five no we wanted five five um we got four nine times four
um but at the time like I had a really good season.
So that year, we played together.
I played with Eric.
I had a really good season.
I got invited to the Olympic camp in Calgary.
So the 16 defensemen from Canada got invited there for that preliminary camp.
It doesn't really mean that much.
That's a big honor right there.
But for me, it was cool.
Yeah, it kind of came out of nowhere.
So I kind of understood what was going on and that I probably won't make the team,
but I was happy to be there.
But no, I mean, it was...
So after that season,
that gave me a lot more bargaining power.
And would I have liked the extra year?
Yes, but we settled at four years.
And again, that's just how things kind of work out
in my favor, right?
I ended up going to Ottawa,
get to play with one of the best defensemen,
if not the best defenseman in the world it helped my game out and we complemented each
other so well so very thankful for uh for that and being able to change being able to play with
eric uh i think you uh did you play in a world championship as well i want to i was reading i
played in three of them okay three of them yeah and then yeah pretty decent you had a riff going
with alex burrows and you guys pretty much hailed each other on the ice and then yeah pretty decent you had a riff going with alex burrows and you
guys pretty much hated each other on the ice and then you guys ended up being roommates but it
wasn't just him it was him and kevin bx so him and juice um because i played in columbus at the
time when columbus was in the west which by the way was absolutely terrible like playing in the
eastern time zone against western teams like we were coming home every night i know that's a side
story but we'd come home at like two,
three in the morning.
Worst thing ever us in Detroit at the time.
But anyway,
that's another story.
But I would play against Vancouver all the time.
And this is when I was getting into my game and I,
I'd be matched up against the Sedins all the time.
So like,
there's plenty of videos of me folding both of them from behind on
countless occasions.
And then Burroughs, Burroughs never necessarily challenged me, but it was more Juice.
But I'm like, I was never angry because I'm just finishing checks and I'm not pissed off.
And as I explained earlier, I can't just square off with a guy for nothing.
So Juice always wanted to fight with me.
I never called him out.
Call me whatever for that.
I don't care.
But the same thing with Burroughs. we'd go back and forth all the time. So
my first world championships with those two, they happened to get invited as well. And I can still
remember walking into the dressing room. We're all kind of looking at each other, just kind of going
like, are you fucking kidding me? And then what's worse is that I, my first nice watch that I bought,
it was like a Tissot or something at the time.
I didn't, you know, I was a modest player of the game. Yeah. I got it for free somewhere.
I was roommates with Alex Burrows, same situation. He comes in the room. He was late showing up to
Finland or wherever we were. And he gets in the room. We're kind of looking at each other. Like,
here we go. And I can still remember forgetting my watch because I had to leave that last World Championships early.
My back was a mess.
I'm calling my agent at like three in the morning.
I'm like, get me the fuck out of here.
I don't want to play here.
I can't move.
I'm in pain.
So I leave, forget my watch there, never see it again.
Contact Burroughs, never get a response.
No one knows what happened to my nice Tissot
that I apparently got for free.
So I don't
know where it is now i know he's doing well he's coaching or whatever but uh that's part of playing
the game burrow's dad got a great christmas present game one and i just lost the case for it but this
is yours bud that's so good but anyway that's that's that's that's part of the game and i want
to ask you guys because i know you got some boston references here are any of you guys close with ray bork i know i know ray
pretty well i'm close with his son chris okay can you pass along a message i listen i grew up like
i've got i've got all his rookie cards like they're like in laminates still i've got posters
jerseys bubble wasba was your guy.
So I did a school project on him.
I went to a French Catholic elementary school,
Georges-Etienne Cartier.
It's a school in Ottawa.
And they made me do this project, and I picked it.
Ray Bork, he was my guy.
I did this big printed out pictures,
wrote this nice long little speech I had to say in front of the class.
So we had this idea that we would send it into the Boston Bruins and get it autographed so I'm you know I'm young I'm waiting for a response never got a response back from the team or him not that I expected it I guess now that
I've played I get it they get a lot of fan mail I reached out to him a couple years ago on Twitter
I think I called him out on one of his posts. I just politely asked for an autograph. Still nothing.
Is he a nice guy?
Yeah, he's a great guy.
He told me he hates your guts.
Harry Sitton probably got your piece of mail and wiped his cornhole with it
saying, fuck this kid from Ottawa.
I just want a Ray Bork autograph.
I'll get you a Ray Bork.
I'll get you a Ray Bork autograph.
I promise you that.
Thank you.
I had to get that out because I know you guys have connections there
and you guys have some Boston ties, so I don't know.
That's all I got.
So when you mentioned that the career came to an end with the knee,
was it something where you just knew you couldn't go on?
Did you get surgery?
And then I know you mentioned you hoped you got a call,
but when it's an injury that ends it,
it's so much harder than going out on your own, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it was hard because I can still remember we were in the squat rack after a game in Dallas.
Everything's fine with your knee up to this point?
Yeah.
No issues all summer.
We had that long 2017 run.
Felt great in the playoffs.
Didn't get to train a ton that summer because of the longer year.
But I go to Dallasallas get through camp um
and then like right away like the first couple games in we're doing a post-game workout and i'm
in the squat rack and i'm doing like split squats and my left leg starts popping just making these
pop sounds every time i go down so i remember brad jealous i'm like jelly come over here like
what is this and he goes oh he's like just stop stop. Stop. I'm like, okay. So I back
away, get a looked at bit of a burning sensation. They're like, just come back tomorrow morning.
Let us know how you're doing. I'm like, okay. But I can remember that night we go to Moxie's
in Dallas with my financial advisor, a couple of other, my teammates. And we're sitting on
these high rise seats and my legs kind of hanging, like it's not planted on the ground.
Like some of the worst pain in my
knee I've ever experienced. It's just like this burning sensation, like someone's got a lighter
to it. So time goes by, we start playing around with it. I'm missing the odd game here and there
because I'm in so much discomfort. So I finally get imagery done and there's a whole bunch of
cartilage just gone, like right in the groove of the femur. There's no cartilage there anymore.
So they connect me with this guy in dr brian cole he's the
head doctor for the for the chicago bulls he's their knee guy but he's also the team doctor
kind of thing he's got a huge clinic so i go see him kind of gives me this prognosis that listen
like we've done this surgery before it's the same surgery that landis gog had uh recently oh shit
so he's like uh and i think landis gog had it done there too so he's like i'm just giving
you fair warning like this you know it's 50 50 he's like i'm gonna have to go in there i'm gonna
have to shave a bunch of like loose cartilage out it looked like a snow globe in the knee capsule
like all the cartilage is sprinkled everywhere and like this white fluid so they take it out
they measure me up and they size you up to like, you know, because you have you need a donor. So essentially, you're waiting for a dead body to show up and a guy roughly your size
and they extract that cartilage and they implant it in your knee.
So I just spend a week in Chicago after that surgery when we finally decided to get it
done and they get the implant done.
But like I'm on my own in Chicago, right?
So like I can't walk.
My knee's inflamed.
I'm sitting in this hotel room ordering
deep dish pizzas for like five days, seven days. Cause you're not allowed to fly anywhere after
surgery like that. So finally I get back and it just, they had me in this like CPM machine,
like for six, seven hours a day where your knees constantly just bending back and forth with,
I anyway, long story short, it never got better to the point that I could play no matter what I did.
And the biggest tell for me was the following season in training camp.
I'm taking Toradol in training camp.
And that's when I knew this is done.
I'm like, what am I doing here?
And I've got a newborn baby.
I want to be able to play with them.
So I end up calling it quits after that season.
And it sucked because the biggest regret I have Jim Nill like
just just just to announce this out loud Jim Nill might be one of the classiest general managers
you'll ever meet like in Dallas when I got there he took my wife and I around showed us
the Cowboys stadium like like this in the middle of the summer like no one's there
and like took us around took us into office. His wife would babysit our baby
occasionally when we'd go for dinner together just to get us a night out. That's the type of
people they are. So huge shout out to Jim Nell. Unbelievable guy. No surprise why he's still there.
But anyway, as you mentioned, Witt, that's the hard part of retirement when you're injured and
forced out. I went through a little bit of depression there in that first year.
It was hard on the marriage.
Very difficult because like you're just pissed off all the time and angry.
You're watching your old teammates playing and here you are sitting at home.
And as you guys know, when you retire, no one gives a shit anymore.
It's like you're done.
You don't hear from anybody.
You're toast.
And so all that together.
Even good buddies. Like they're good friends. And if you saw them, so all that even good buddies like they're good
friends and if you saw them you'd have a time but they're playing like they don't busy they don't
have time to think about it exactly yeah so that's that's how it went down and and obviously you're
still big on your health i mean you're jacked you take care of yourself how was it like post
career after the knee injury like are you can you now? Can you do everything that you once did?
I can stride a little bit. The best thing I can do, I train like crazy only because I'm a little bit of a lunatic. I grew up watching Arnold, Sly movies, you name it. And I feel like oddly,
that influenced me a lot because I started training pretty young and I've always really
enjoyed it. So I can't turn that off. But that's also oddly
enough, the only reason why I'm still able to move around and move well, like I got a bad back,
my neck and all that stuff. So I think it's motivating to keep on top of my fitness so
that I can play with my kids and coach my son on the ice and all that stuff. And that's why I still
do it. We often talk about the mental health side on the podcast. And like, did you have to work
with anybody specifically? Like, did you have to work with anybody specifically?
Like, did you seek out therapy or did you just kind of figure it out on your own?
I don't do well with that stuff.
I never have.
Like, you know, when I got to Ottawa, they had a, we had a, like a team psychologist,
like a sports person.
And sometimes just to try it out, I'd go and chat with them.
And it just felt like a pity party.
And I'm not, believe me, I'm not telling people not to, you should always seek out help. I never thought well of it because it just felt
odd talking to somebody about my problems or whatever. And I don't really ever think I had
that many issues playing. So it kind of felt like, I don't know why I'm here right now.
I'm just very high strung. And that was just my personality. And I was very hard on myself as a
player too. But, you know, I never sought help after I played. And I was very hard on myself as a player too. But, um, you know,
I never sought help after, uh, I played, maybe I could have, maybe I should have, but I got through
it. And I think a lot of it is just keep you busy. I think I'm a big believer that you need purpose.
And if you're going to sit around, you're not going to do anything and you're going to, you
know, the woe is me kind of thing. Yeah. Like, and then you drink and you find vices to kind
of make yourself happier. I mean, for me, it was getting into work doing the media thing training paying attention
to my family like those are all the things i cook i do all the cooking like i do stuff like that i
said this the other day lasagna it is body i cook everything you know like hey how therapeutic is cooking like even just chopping
up the veggies and shit just keeps you keeps you in the present i make like you know like big prime
rib roasts or pot roasts or like big seafood dishes or wow you cook your steak on the oven
like a homemade chicken parm tonight like like i i i love that stuff and again it's like i go to
the grocery store i get my my food, that kills time.
Then I go home and I, you know, it takes about an hour.
I have a glass of wine when I'm cooking.
I love doing that stuff.
We should do a cooking show with you.
Do like a Road Warriors edition for the YouTube channel.
But just going back to what you said about the like, you're not shaming anybody who would seek out help to have a conversation.
But I felt like when i went through
it when i stopped playing in the nhl before i finished my last three years in the american
league like there was a period for about a month there i was in the place you're talking about
and that taught me that when it is all over that you need to hit the ground running there's no
there can't be a pity party and you just have to stay moving you have to find things to do you have
to find the purpose and it's just once you the moving, it's that momentum that will carry you out of it.
And I find that I found that that helped way more than anything else that was prescribed to me,
including talking to somebody else. 100. And I tell that to everybody too. Like you just
more responsibility, find stuff to do, you know, take on more responsibility, do
more shit, like whatever you think it needs to be, whether it's yard work or, you know,
taking your kids somewhere or whatever it is.
I mean, I, I'm a big believer in that.
And I mean, even you've talked about mental health, like, you know, I've got a sauna at
home.
I, I, I realized that's expensive for a lot of people, but I'm in there every day as well.
Like I do everything I can to make me feel better.
Cause when I'm feeling better,
everybody in my house, in my house is happier, right? I'm not some grumpy guy walking around getting angry with everyone. I'm in a good mood and I have a lot of energy and I believe in that.
You a big Huberman guy, like a bio? Andrew Huberman, huge guy. I follow all those people.
I mean, that's, that's the thing, right? It's like, you know, you follow a bunch of people
that are usually negative on Twitter or Instagram. Like're gonna reflect that a little bit if you're big into social media i follow a lot of positive
influences so you know i follow a lot of cooking guys on twitter on instagram like cuberman people
like that that encourage you to get out there and move and do stuff and draw attention like to
your health and your mental health and your well-being so those are all and they're free
tools you know what I mean?
Like it's not, it doesn't require a whole lot of work.
So again, I know I'm getting repetitive,
but I can't stress that stuff.
I think there's, I don't think we talk about it
probably enough.
And I think, I'm sure we have a, what,
a 90 to 90 male demographic.
And I think these types of conversations
are good for them to hear.
Cause I know that probably a number of them
were in a place or are in a place that we've been before as well.
So how many times at our meet and greets do people come up and say, hey, I was going through a really tough time in life.
And, you know, your show helped me out just kind of an hour or two hours of like not thinking about what was happening.
That's like the biggest compliment we can get.
So it is good that you bring that stuff up.
And I'll go ahead.
Well, no, because just to kind of continue the conversation,
I was talking about Coach Dar.
She's a life coach in the area in Arizona.
She worked with all the Sun guys,
but she also said the isolation aspect can be very bad too.
Because when you start that shame spiral
and you get in that hole,
a lot of the time, even when you do have buddies reaching out,
you're like, ah, you know, I'm going to stay home. So it's a lot of that self-isolation.
So these types of conversation probably makes them, if they're listening, feel a part of it,
where if they are listening right now, go hang out with your friends, go be active,
go out and do more. So sorry to cut you off with, but I just felt like to chime in with that.
I just was going to say my last question for you, and you mentioned your dad getting you into the power skating,
but we usually like hearing if there was somebody when you were younger,
whether it was your dad or somebody else who really helped you believe in
yourself, helped you as a player, you know, when you're 12, 13 years old,
is there anyone that you could maybe shout out now?
Or was it kind of a team thing?
Yeah, no, it was, it was my old man for sure.
I mean, he would buy us like
mike bossy vhs tapes and like make us watch that at home as kids you know like skill stuff and
rock them sock them videos because i was never i was never like chomping at the bit to watch nhl
games as a kid like i was i was i was very tactile like i like to play video games and
watch normal movies like i was not it took me a while to really get, like, I never really paid a ton of attention to like full blown
hockey games, like away from highlights till I was like in my early teens and stuff. So, um, that,
and that was just the way I was brought up and oddly enough, my kids know different. Like I'm
trying to prompt my six year old to watch sports center in the morning or play hockey video games.
He's playing fucking Minecraft and you know, Mario and all this stuff he doesn't care and then and that's okay legos and i think that's
the difference with me and my approach with him it's like you know i'm as long as you put the
work in a little bit here and there where i'll take you to your power skating occasionally
you can do whatever you want at home have fun like you know i'm not gonna suck that out of his life
because i you can you can adjust right like you know what you. Have fun. Like, you know, I'm not going to suck that out of his life because you can adjust, right?
Like, you know what you went through as a kid and you pick and choose what you like
that your old man did and maybe some of the stuff that maybe he was a little harsh with.
And so I make the adjustment and whether that works for him or not, I don't give a shit.
I just want him to have a good childhood.
What was the first video game you had as a kid?
Well, obviously Nintendo.
So all that nonsense duck hunt mario
but then i bought a sega i had a dreamcast i had a nintendo 64 i still play war zone with the boys
throughout the week like if my wife goes out it's like i'm pushing her out the door so i can play
war zone with the guys when the kids go to bed i i love that stuff i still do i can't shut it off
i think my mom knew i had issues when she came in one time with duck hunt and you know you're supposed to be sitting back here ripping the ducks and i just had the gun
against the screen right up against the screen i'm like she's like what are you doing high score
i score again mom you're proud of me um what's the backstory uh between you having a harambe
twitter profile pic were you a big Harambe guy?
You know what?
That was when I first got my,
I can't, that's so random.
How do you even remember that?
That was when I first got my Twitter, I guess.
And I just, I don't take myself too seriously with Twitter.
Like I'll engage with people.
I'll call them whatever.
Like, and I got- Oh, I know.
That's what I was going to ask you about.
You're like me, you fire back.
I love that shit. I just i find people i i find social media has desensitized people so much
that they forget what a social interaction would look like in person and so you know and i get it
like you know an anonymous account maybe just don't respond to them because like, you know what you're doing by responding, you're just drawing more in. But I've got a balance now where, you
know, I'll call the odd one out if I know I can dunk on them to a degree, because I know that a
lot of followers find it entertaining. So there's a little bit of that going on. And sometimes I
just flat out get annoyed and I'll call them out too. So, um, I, the Harambe thing is just,
yeah, I felt bad for him. He got shot for no reason. And then it was, it was negligence from the zoo.
I think that was the Cincinnati zoo. I forget now where it was, but poor guy took a bullet for no
reason that could have been avoided. So it was more, uh, a nod to him and his family. And I felt
bad for him. We also have more in common. I mean, especially with going after the Twitter idiots early days.
You went after the Winnipeg Fairmont in an article.
Buddy, I almost got our team kicked out of that hotel day of the game
because the night before when we got there.
And hey, listen, they treated us well.
They had water and fruit for us set up when we came in.
So I should have never fired this thing off.
And I read it and i'm embarrassed about it but it was a it was a fucking fiji water bottle that it was
about this big and it was like eight bucks or six bucks something ridiculous so i took a picture and
posted i said fuck you fairmont like because it was like such a ridiculous price i got called in
by tip and he's like what the hell is this they're threatening us can't do that but what what is your gripe with the with the winnipeg fairmont i mean okay listen the prop my mistake
initially maybe i wasn't clear enough because i took a little flack and i had to make some changes
i was told to do a few things i i was not critical of the fine folk in winnipeg okay whatever how
people know i don't like the cold weather i chirp auto all the
time for the location and the rank and all that i'm just as critical of my home my own hometown
i think people in winnipeg just weren't familiar with how i am on social media um so you guys like
you have to give me a little slack here like is that fairmont not the worst hotel in the nhl
it's a tough it's a tough hotel, especially for a Fairmont.
We were there one time.
The power went down. That's not a Fairmont biz.
It's not a Fairmont.
It's not.
It's a Hilton.
A fake Mont.
It's a Hilton with a filter is what it is.
We've been there before where the elevators are broke,
so everybody had to schlep up 15 flights of stairs to get to their room.
Yeah, but it's not just that.
It's like you're trying to again i feel like
i always have to say this now especially nowadays i know i sound like a prima donna but like when
we're having our pre-gay naps and there's like you could hear the door down the hall slamming
like there's just no like everything about it sucks the rooms are dry there's mold on the floor
there's bugs i don't know if there's bugs in the room i might just be making that one up but like
everything about it and it's on this very it's on this brutal corner of the city
where you can't really walk anywhere.
It's like a weird wind tunnel in the middle of February,
and you can't go.
I don't know.
Should we buy the Fairmont and revamp it?
Listen, I spent a lot of time in Winnipeg
because we played a couple of rounds against the Manitoba Moose
when I was playing in the American League. I have nothing but fond memories of time in winnipeg because we played a couple rounds against the winnipeg uh sorry the manitoba moose when i was playing in the american league i have nothing but fond memories of that
in the spring but when you're there in the winter at the fairmont it sucks i have no regret saying
that and i'll keep saying it it's just the way it is okay so i'm glad you just brought this up
were you in the game when uh i think it was labrie was chirping chirping the crunch and it was in the paper and then
Konopka and those guys. Okay. So you were involved in that game.
So they brought the paper clipping and they were reading it at center ice
before a playoff game started.
Oh yeah. That all happened. Yeah. And they, and they had, they had some,
like they had a couple of guys I'm trying to remember who they're like.
LaBrie was their standout tough guy, I suppose. But they had like, I think,
I think Mike Keane was still on that that team i think he was still a captain i forget now
but they had a couple players any of the point is yeah that was that was just the way things
worked back then it was like it was ridiculous and with that group like we had fights and warm-ups i
know we're going kind of going back to it but like guys it was just it wasn't hockey it was wwe but i
loved it i thought it was fantastic and's, you're always motivated to play
because you had such a tough group
that I was never even remotely concerned
of having a fight or getting into it
because you just felt protected all the time.
So that's again, like the power of having
a couple of tough guys on your team.
The only other story I had was,
and I don't really know the backstory to it.
It was Trevor Hendricks told it,
and it was about between you and Jordan Tutu.
Now, I don't know. I don't know the story, and i'm kind of excited to hear it if it's a good one
ah it's not that good i mean we'll move on toots toots toots was a tough player and we played
nashville and columbus we're in the same division so my my my rookie camp toots was running me like
left right and center and i i know toots pretty well now we went up north together during the
lock of year on um uh on a little charity tour for First Assist just to raise money for some of
the indigenous communities up north. So we all went together. Unbelievable. John Shabbat ran
that by the way. But anyway, so this is before I knew him. I was terrified of him. This is a little
brick shithouse refrigerator running around. Every time he'd step on the ice in Nashville,
I don't know if you guys remember this, some idiot in stands would be blowing on like this train whistle.
Do you guys remember that?
Yup.
Yup.
And like,
you knew he was coming from somewhere and I'm like shoulder checking
everywhere.
But in training camp,
my first taste,
like,
like experiencing being around Jordan two,
two,
he's just running me back and forth.
There was a scrummy grab me.
I'd grab a guy thinking I was doing something and he'd come up to me like,
you know, we don't fuck around up here.
Finally, he runs me,
and Trevor Hendricks comes by and challenges him
and fights him and had my back.
That happened a couple times through camp,
but it doesn't really go beyond that.
I don't know who told you that,
but Hendo was a good dude, though.
He had my back.
Since you mentioned going up north
and being in the outdoors,
I understand that you're a big fisherman.
Is that one thing you do to get your mental escape for an activity? Is that i i understand that you're a big fisherman is that one thing you
do to get your mental escape for an activity is that the is that the one thing that you love
it's a little yeah we've i've got like i've got a little boston whaler on my cottage and we get
out on the water quite a bit we didn't do it much this past summer because of the young kids and
it's just so much work going to a cottage with kids when you're leaving your house you know
what i mean it's almost more work and not as enjoyable at that age i think we're getting
better they don't have all their toys.
Yeah. Like you don't have all the same amenities around, but no, we, um, we, we, we, we, I mean,
I get, try to get as much as I can, but it's just being, it's peaceful. You put your phone away
and we're on the Ottawa river. So there's a lot of, a lot of pike, a lot of small mouth bass,
a lot of large mouth too. But, uh, yeah, I'm a big, big proponent of doing that stuff only because
you know, you're getting away from all the noise. You're out in the middle of nowhere. You're doing your
own thing. Maybe with a buddy having a beer. I always encourage people to get on the water.
I haven't done the sturgeon fishing and stuff like that, that you can do out West,
like in Kelowna and whatnot. I'd like to get out there, but river fishing isn't quite as sexy.
The river's kind of dirty. You don't eat the fish. We just kind of throw them back,
but I've always, always been a big fan. fan well for anyone that wants to hear more of you they
can check you out every every sends game on tsn correct correct so all the americans switch to
the leafs no he's a leafs fan now he's actually doing you didn't see the jersey exchange with him
and uh him and o'neill that was what was the bet what how did you end up wearing
a Leafs jersey on the broadcast we both brought our alumni jerseys with us and we would just say
that like so if Ottawa was leading after Toronto leading after the first period you'd have to wear
the you know I'd have to wear O-Dog's jersey or vice versa and so Ottawa was leading after one
O had to wear mine for that one and then Toronto took the lead obviously in the second period and
I had to wear his weird feeling man that wasn't the like that wasn't being dramatic or theatrical it was
odd wearing a Leafs jersey because you you grow up here in Ottawa to hate them right if you're a
Sens fan that's blasphemy like you don't put on that blue jersey so we had some fun with it and
we were both good sports about it well you've been crushing it man so we appreciate you coming on and
and an amazing career, dude.
Congrats on everything and I'm glad to
hear you're doing so well and doing some
things that you enjoy now. So thank
you for joining the show. Thanks for having me, boy.
That was great.
My kid keeps poking in the door. It's just me and him
right now. So I'll see you guys later.
Before we continue, it's The Wit and i'm here to talk to you
about peter millar everyone knows i love golf and i really love playing golf and peter millar and
this was before we even were lucky enough to have peter millar come on and sponsor our podcast
i would rock their shirts i would rock their. I would love the Q-Zips,
whether it's spring or fall or maybe even a chilly summer morning. You got the Q-Zip. You
can keep it on all around. Easy to swing with it. But today I'm here to talk to you about their
fabrics. Their signature performance fabrics keep us looking and playing great on the course
throughout the year. And while we rely on performance polos and shorts to keep us looking and playing great on the course throughout the year. And while
we rely on performance polos and shorts to keep us cool during the summer, cool weather rounds
call for a different approach. That's why we want to tell you about Peter Millar's all-course line
of outerwear. Their essential performance layers feature a loose fill insulation that provides the
warmth you need without being bulky or heavy. You can't be bulky or heavy and play good golf.
You got to be able to turn around the spine.
And Peter Millar allows you to do that.
The fleece-lined sleeves feature four-way stretch that move with you during your swing
so you don't have to sacrifice your game for warmth.
And to top it off, these outerwear pieces are windproof and water-resistant,
keeping you dry and warm if the weather turns.
Be sure to check out the all-course outerwear line at PeterMillard.com,
the official outfitters of the USGA.
That's PeterMillard.com.
Huge thanks to Mark for jumping on us, man.
What a great interview.
Great personality.
I hope you all enjoyed the interview as much as we did.
But jumping right back into the pucks, a little alliteration here for you,
Paul.
Pittsburgh's pitiful power play pisses itself again.
Tough start for the Penguins, 11, 12, and 3.
Seventh place in the Metro.
Dude, 37 power plays in a row.
No goals.
A new team record.
They're fucking awful at it.
How is a team with this many Hall of Famers unable to get a power play goal
and this many chances?
Because they don't have wit.
They don't have the offside one time.
Back to what's happened.
I mean, wait. I'm going to hand it over to you.
You're the power play specialist.
What the fuck is that?
I actually think it's insane
that they haven't just had one go in off a skate
or someone's ass, something.
Because a streak like this with these type players,
it's not even believable believable like we look at the
flyers and what they've done this year huge surprise in the nhl this blows this out of the
water to go this many times in a row with these players but i look immediately no net front
presence and it was pretty ironic that they did the patrick hornquist night in florida
playing the penguins where he won the Cups
and was such a big part of the power play,
standing in front of the net.
Thomas Holmstrom-like, another Swede that could just take a beating,
tipping pucks, screening, causing ruckuses.
And all of a sudden, the Penguins are scoring
because of him being in front and taking defensemen and tying them up.
And they don't have anyone in front.
They don't have rust right now, which kills.
But you look at like what's there.
And I read an article today in The Athletic.
Josh Yo, I hope I'm saying that correctly.
And he's talking to Eric Carlson.
And Carlson basically says like there's just not much confidence within the
group right now and we've talked a million times about so many different players and confidence
and when it goes it goes quick and it's hard to get back and you're just gripping the puck and
the crazy thing about the Penguins is five on five they've been really good and their goal
tending has been solid Jari's played great so you look at this team and if you said you were going
to get that you'd be like all right well would be fine. We've got Carlson coming in. Now, they've tried with
Carlson running it. They've tried with Letang running it. They've tried with both of them on
it, and nothing's working. And it makes no sense to me besides the lack of net front presence.
You have Malkin and Sid who've been able to do it for years. Yeah, they both want to be the guy,
but they've worked together. Letang's been up top. Gensel's just a great scorer.
Where is the net front presence?
Where are the screens?
And where are the shots?
They're not even shooting the puck.
Like, when you're lacking confidence and you can't score on the power play,
any PP coach will tell you, guys, tonight, like, just shoot it.
Get it off the bat.
Five-on-five mentality.
Yeah, yeah, five-on-five mentality.
Win battles.
Go get the puck back and shoot it on net but if you don't have anyone in front and you refuse to shoot it to begin with
you're dead in the water so i feel bad for todd reardon because he's running the pp and in this
article it mentions that the penguins have a organizational rule where assistant coaches
aren't allowed to talk to the media and he's probably loving that rule right now because more poor Mike Sullivan's just trotting out there every
game. And he's like, I don't know, but it's not really necessarily on him. It's on the players
and it's on the PP coach and they have nothing going. You watch it. It's stagnant. It's like,
hold on to it, move it, hold on to it. Move it. Like start snapping it around.
Boom, boom, boom.
One touch passes.
Get a shot.
Go battle.
Two on one.
Get the puck back.
Get it up top.
Shoot it again. But when you're standing around and you're letting the play and the PK guys just get in motion and stand there, it's like there's just no accountability within this group to get pucks to the net
and just cause a shit goal to be scored.
I know I mentioned at the beginning it's so unlucky
that they haven't had some shitty garbage goal go in,
but you kind of got to make that happen by going there.
And more than anything, any PP player or coach will tell you,
there's a loose puck, two or three guys get in there and outnumber them,
and any PP, you want to create little two-on-ones, and they have none of that. coach will tell you there's a loose puck two or three guys get in there and outnumber them and
and any pp you want to create little two-on-ones and they have none of that so it's shocking to
see these players these hall of famers and they can't get a power play goal but it's like every
power play you get and they don't score you're gripping the stick even tighter and tighter so i
would actually say sid get it to carlsontimer. I don't care if it's blocked.
Sid, Carlson, give it to Gino one-timer.
Sign Austin Watson.
Just have him fucking blast it at that time.
Trade for Austin Watson.
Just start ripping at it, guys, on purpose.
I think the word you're looking for, and Hank used it on the broadcast,
there's no sense of urgency.
And that's the biggest thing. When you're coming in on the zone entries,
they can't even put two plays together right now.
The confidence has been completely shot.
The best power plays in the league,
I would say if you want to watch a good power play,
well, obviously Edmonton, but Colorado.
They see what they're being given, and they take it.
If it's being closed, they adjust.
They have guys switching positions.
They adjust on the
fly. And one thing a lot of teams have been doing because some of these power plays are so stagnant,
they're lining up in the diamond formation where if you don't have a low play, if you don't have
a good goal line play, like you said, with net front presence, you're kind of hooped. You become
a one trick pony. And right now with the lack of confidence and the lack of puck movement and the lack of sense of urgency the pittsburgh power play looks like
dog shit to the point where i could be running it right now i heard they signed larry murphy to a
fucking pto did you hear that rum the rumblings no but they did sign jesse uh pull your yavi to
a free agent oh yeah that's true never mind it wasn't larry it was pill your army sorry
i got them mixed up.
Yeah, the last power play was November 11th.
They're playing tonight, Tuesday.
So that means the Pens
will have gone a full month
without a power play goal,
which is obscene.
9.5 in the season.
And our buddy Jazza
had chimed in the other night.
The Pens had gone 0-34
on the power play.
Their worst drought
in franchise history
is going 0-35
from December 23rd, 08
to January 6th, 09. And then Witt got pigeon 23, 08 to January 6, 09.
And then Witt got pigeon tossed to Anaheim.
Darien got fired, and the Pens won the Cup.
So I guess it's not me missing that could change it up.
You were there for an 0-35 stretch?
I wasn't on the first power play for many of those.
Well, Witt had his guy.
Point in the finger.
I had my guy.
You guys know it wasn't on me.
That's when I was actually, a couple of those games,
I was playing fourth line left wing,
and then I would go out on the power play.
I actually don't remember going through that struggle.
I think I've just blacked it out of my memory
because when you're not scoring on the power play,
those are how you get the skill guys.
They need their points. They need their points.
They need their cookies.
No matter what, guys play hard, and there's certain players that play full 200-foot games like Crosby.
But you need to have success in the power play to light it up.
So when you're not, those top guys are getting frustrated.
That's leaking into the rest of the lines when the lines get all back together after the power play ends.
And it can be an absolute disaster.
And right now, that's all Pittsburgh's lacking.
Everything else looks pretty good for them.
Did you use the word urgency when you were talking?
I have no idea.
Oh, okay.
I didn't think you said it.
That's why I just wanted to remind you.
I definitely heard it.
The LA Kings, wow, on fire, Biz.
We've been talking about it for a little while.
They set a new NHL record.
They had 11 straight road wins to start a season.
They beat Buffalo back in 07. They had the record.
Let's see. The first
team to extend an overall home or
road winning streak of nine or more games by staging
a three-goal third-period comeback.
No one's ever done that before. Come back with three goals down.
They did that to the Columbus
Blue Jackets. They lost to
the Islanders 3-2 in overtime. Then they
lost to the Jonathan Quick.
We're going to talk about Quick for a second, dude.
The Rangers last night.
Who thought he was going to play this good right now?
I mean, was he 7-1?
He's only lost, I think, one game, and that was in a shootout or overtime.
Unbelievable stuff.
He was chucking the blocker last night, too, I watched.
I was wondering, Bill, who was that at?
I think it was Quinton Byfield.
And that was, we were talking about L.A. quickly.
I know we're hopping around.
Quickie's been incredible. It's been a LA quickly. I know we're hopping around.
Quickie's been incredible.
It's been a great story.
I mean, Rangers fans love him.
Obviously when he threw the blocker,
they were all fucking beaten off, just like the guys at the box.
And just, he's, yeah, it's an awesome story.
Like, would you consider that for that?
What's the trophy they give out
to like a best comeback player?
Masterton?
Masterton.
Yeah.
I mean, with the injuries that he had and maybe how much he played last year, could
he be considered for it?
If he keeps going at the rate that he's going, I mean, he's got to be one of the three guys
that gets nominated for it.
It's just been with the hip injuries he's had, he's playing out of this world.
It's incredible.
I mean, after last season, you know, he didn't play much in the playoffs for Vegas.
I think everyone thought he was out.
He retired in the third cup.
Now he's going to the sunset.
He's been playing out of his goddamn mind right now.
Awesome story.
Good stuff.
Those are what the legends do, though.
Just when you count them out.
Just when you count them out, they have a giant fuck you mentality.
Everyone who's counted me out, like all of us, and everyone who said I was done,
you can suck it because he's just showed up for his favorite team growing up
and been lights out
it's pretty cool to see and with the injury history to shisterkin it's pretty important too
i mean he's obviously battled things throughout each season so now you're so confident in the
fact that quick's there and can step right in yeah he's been the better goalie too good business
just going back to la i mean we've kind of stroked them off quite a bit. We talk about the team that Rob Blake's built,
bringing in these young players, developing them, and not rushing them.
Quinton Byfield, watching him game in, game out now.
I forget who sent a tweet out the other day.
It's like shades of Malkin with that size and the way that he can move.
Is he in Malkin's status yet? No.
But getting him to move from a center ice position
where he played in junior over the wing and then now be dominating at the age that he's dominating
he could be he could be a like a 60 70 point guy this season which i mean that that's exactly what
they needed they needed this young young team to come up to mix with the with the veterans
and the guys that they've already had around there who are established.
And right now, things are clicking on all cylinders,
and it looks awesome.
I mean, that's pretty much the only thing that we haven't,
I think we've already touched on Byfield before,
but he's kind of the one thing where I don't think
that everyone expected him to pop off
the way he has so far this year.
Good thing they didn't trade him,
like you mentioned in the season preview episode of the LA Kings we did.
Oh, did I?
Okay.
You mentioned it was a one to two year window so that they should trade him for some goaltending help.
Okay.
Well, I mean, hey, I was wrong.
Old takes exposed.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
It's all about accountability on this pod.
Did I say it last year or this year's pod?
It was this year. It was this year.
It was this year.
You sure?
Oh, gee.
Oh, gee.
Did you text him that to remind him?
No.
Because there's no way this guy could have remembered that.
No, I remembered it.
I remembered it.
No, Kyle, I can throw myself under the bus, too.
I said, oh, Mark, for by field, I jumped in there, too.
Yeah, G.G. wanted it as well, so it fits in perfectly.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Look at us playing tummy sticks over here.
Tweedledum wanting to trade away the future first line.
I said it so Rob Blake wouldn't do it, and that's why he didn't do it,
because you do the opposite of what I say.
So I better be getting a fucking ring when they win this thing.
My little slutty team in L.A., my fucking dildo show, my double dildo.
I just want to see Vegas, L.A. in the playoffs.
I think it would be a legendary
series an absolute war and i'd love to see those two go head to head yeah he's got 21 points in 23
games so far yeah obviously it's great for him but i like i said the outline i think this speaks
to the organization patience man a lot of teams don't have the patience they have this kid's still
only 21 years old he's six four a monster out there already so kudos to him kudos to the kings
for waiting on it.
Also, Kings legend Tony Granato, he's going to be taking a temporary leave of absence
from his TV work to begin treatment for a form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
And the Chickens gang, we just want to wish them the best.
Tony, we had him on the show earlier this year.
Fantastic guy.
Awesome interview.
One of the most beloved guys in the hockey world.
So, Tony, you got this, buddy.
And we just want to send our best to you
and fight through it.
You'll get through it, buddy.
So we love you, pal, and get this done.
Knock it out, buddy.
Well said, all right.
All right, buddy.
The Islanders, they were the team who did break the King streak.
You guys are frustrated with them.
How about, like, Lane Lambert, before they beat the Kings,
the San Jose come back and fucking dummied them.
He called it a sin.
I thought it was like, that's like when an Italian grandmother says,
the game was a sin.
It was fucking hilarious.
Can we roll the clip?
Fucking A, go ahead.
What did you see from your team in the first and second periods?
I know you guys got out to lead in the third,
but what were you seeing from your team in the first and second periods?
Well, I thought I saw a lot of good things.
You know, the first period, we had a lot of scoring chances.
Second period was, you know, we were going to the net,
crashing the net pretty hard.
We are, you know, a couple of power play goals,
shorthanded goal.
We had the game under control with eight and a half minutes left.
To lose that hockey game is sin.
I was licking my chops.
I thought there was a chance that it was all imploding
and I was loving life, but no.
In the last 10 games, and keep in mind, guys,
if not for a lot of these blown leads,
the Islanders could be leading their fucking division.
I think of all NHL teams right now,
they've led for the most amount of time so far this year.
No shit.
You know what else disgusts me, Whit?
What was the one thing that you could always rag about the Islanders?
Their power play.
Their fucking power play was shit it's sixth
right now in the national hockey league they got a horseshoe up their ass and bo horvath's playing
exactly to the level of what he was paid barzell that handsome bastard is buzzing around the ice
i got a fun i'm gonna throw it over to you but i got a great stat here as far as their power
plays concern but outside of that wit noah dobson looks like the
player from a few years ago i thought last year he took a step back he was leading the team in
points this year at one point but everything is going the islanders way right now and i can't
fucking stand it frankie so i had to reach out to our boy the pizza maker frankie barelli because
we've been hard on them. We've all said how boring
they are to watch and we've chirped them nonstop. So I said, you know what? I got to hear from this
guy. He's in Bahamas playing golf, just living the life. So I said, Frankie, I got to read something
to the group. You know, I got to give you a chance to talk about your team. And this is what we got.
Bro, it's the PP. We've said it for years.
If this team had a decent,
competent power play, they would have probably won
a cup over these past few years.
Legit dead last in the league in power
play and now all of a sudden they're sixth in the
NHL. Horvat, Barzee
and Dobson are snapping the puck around.
Their chemistry's off the charts.
The other day they told me that Barzee,
Brock and Palmieri drew up a power play in the locker room a puck around. Their chemistry's off the charts. The other day, they told me that Barzee, Brock,
and Paul Mary drew up a power play in the locker room a second before they went out onto the ice, and during the first PP, it just worked exactly the way they drew it up. Barzee to Brock,
Brock to Paul Mary, higher up in front of the crease for the one-timer. This is what they've
been missing. It's the most bizarre season because they went on the big slide,
but they were leading almost every single game they played.
It's hard to say they weren't playing well when they've been traveling the least amount of time in the NHL,
when they've been trailing the least amount of time in the NHL per game, I think.
It's like they're averaging only around 10 minutes a game trailing.
All stuff Biz said.
They're giving up a ton of shots, so Sorokin has been getting peppered,
but they're grinding, dude.
Pelican Pulak out, but 7-1-2 in their last 10.
Mike Riley's been a great pickup.
They got him off waivers from the Florida Panthers
after the Panthers signed him in the offseason.
Buddy's with all the guys being a Minnesota dude,
and he's close with Brock and Anders Lee, so he's been a huge addition.
If they can get the D healthy and continue to close out games,
they will be a force.
I'm telling you, they've been playing good hockey
every single game this year.
People just seeing their record now,
but it's not a reflection of how they've played
for 58 minutes of most of these games.
So, Biz, you pretty much said all that,
but that's a diehard Islander.
Well, yeah, because I talked to Frankie.
What?
Is now a bad time to mention I talked to Frankie?
Frankie?
frankie what is now is now a bad time to mention i talked to frankie you think i'm watching that fucking team you think i'm watching the fucking islanders when i have
time off fuck you islanders i had only read the first few sentences of the text because it's a
long one it came in when we started recording so when you just dropped that bomb about trailing
the least amount in the league i was was like, fucking A-Biz.
That's some good stuff.
And you literally, I know you spoke to him as well.
You know what another thing Frankie the Pizza Maker sent me?
What?
It's this graph here.
And this goes to, we need, I'll read the tweet.
It's from a guy named Travis Flynn.
We need more time to tell,
but it's been a heck of a start for Barzel Horvat duo
at five verse four.
So on the power play, 72 minutes so far.
Here are past two regular seasons on ice goals per 60 minutes so far star duos.
And you look at these, it's Kale McCarr, Nathan McKinnon.
And it's like a goals four per 60 minutes.
They were at 10.63.
Then you have Connor McDavid and Leon Dreisaitl.
This one's ridiculous.
15.78.
And then Elias Pettersson with Bo Horvat going back to last season at 9.53.
And then Matthew Barzell and Bo Horvat in those 72 minutes we just talked about of five on four,
they're at 14.96.
So they are neck and neck with Dreisaitl and McDavid numbers.
So the power play, all of a sudden it's a thing.
That's not good.
It's not good.
It's not good.
The one thing Frankie didn't mention was Varlamov's been awesome too.
So it's not just Sorokin.
Varlamov's numbers are better than him.
Goals against and save percentage.
I think he's only played like
nine games, but I mean, to have
those two guys in net, that's a pretty sick
combo. I feel like I have to go
take a shower right now after talking
about the fucking Islanders.
Can we take a little break here? Can I go
scrub off?
If G didn't shower after that box show
with the pussy.
I showered right when I got home and threw all my the pussy in his face, then you would shower now.
I showered right when I got home and threw all my clothes right in the washing machine.
I would rather crank off my cock with a piece of shit than to see the Islanders win a Stanley Cup.
Why?
Oh, man.
I can't say that about anyone, even the Leafs.
I really can't.
What's interesting, we just talked about Volamov versus Sorokin.
Sorokin's going to be making triple what Volomov does the next three years after this season.
Pretty crazy.
Literally three times his fucking salary.
Also, they picked up our buddy, you know, Bobby Bortuzzo.
Shipped out from St. Louis out to the Islanders.
They need a little help on the back end for a seventh rounder in 24.
So good luck to our pal.
He had a shave.
Did you guys see the picture of him having to shave?
Yeah.
He looked like a different person.
He did, didn't he?
I wouldn't recognize him.
So you guys all can say that's a fucking joke.
Stupid joke.
We didn't do that.
Like, what are we doing, buddy?
2023, about to be 2024.
Like, that is such a video thing.
You know why he does it?
It's because he picks up the clippings in the sink and he DNA tests it to see if they've
been drinking.
No, I'm serious.
You think I'm fucking, you think I'm joking?
That's what I say.
Like, I thought you were coming at me there after Tom Rowe called me down in the middle
of my healthy scratch for leaving shaved hair in the sink and made me clean it up like a
little bitch I am.
Clogging the toilets. Thought he was calling me down to put me in the up like the little bitch I am. Clogging the toilets.
Thought he was calling me down to put me in the lineup for the second period.
Clogging toilets and drains.
Yeah, I wonder if he got that from Steinbrenner.
Pitting car accidents and not cleaning the hair out of my sink after I shave.
I thought Lou was done.
I was convinced Lou was on his way out,
and now all of a sudden the fucking power play revives his career.
This is a fucking joke. Let's move on.
I don't want to talk about this team anymore.
One quick Pittsburgh note.
We want to give a little shout out to Mark Johnstone.
Made his NHL debut at 27.
He didn't make the USHL until 19.
He was captain of the Steel at 24 seasons.
Sacred Heart, too, as a captain.
Cut from the East Coast team.
Earned an AHL contract.
So any guy who makes the league at that stage, man,
we got to give a little tip of the cap.
He got out there and got his lap too.
I forgot to mention that about Pitt.
They brought in Pooley Harvey, right?
Like the guy can skate.
Obviously it was a supreme disappointment
at Edmonton, everywhere else, the high draft pick.
Maybe he can help that bottom six
that just stinks in Pitt.
But with what they did in 16 and 17 fill the thrill kessel 14 goals last year
sitting around crazy just bring them in yeah who knows maybe mike sullivan saying no maybe
dubas isn't a fan but i don't know like where where they're at right now if you bring them
in it doesn't work. Like who cares?
Yeah.
I've been hanging around a little bit with that Jordan Schmaltz and Heat Daddy,
and they've been starting the campaign.
They've been saying it for like for about a month now.
You have nothing to lose.
How the fuck in a young league with all these little mistakes being,
and I can understand out of the gate,
I find like in the first 20 games of the NHL season,
it's played at
like an extra fast pace where things come back down to earth a little bit more somebody has to
bring in that veteran experience and like think about half these teams it's like what the fuck
do you have to lose you're just going to bring in another young guy who's going to not going to do
anything and teach anyone anything and not bring any morale to the locker room no get phil the
thrill in the locker room actually the leaf should sign him that'd be fucking awesome just as a little
extra you know um actually that story that you just brought up though r.a. uh it's it's johnstone
yeah mark johnstone yeah what a great story it actually reminds me quite a bit of um
that michael carconi yeah absolutely Cushman, by the way,
for the scoop on Johnstone.
But yeah, Carconi with the Coyotes.
How about the Coyotes, Biz?
Five-game winning streak.
All the teams they beat
were the last five Stanley Cup winners.
Now, just think that even having
the last five Cup winners in a row
on the schedule is crazy,
and then they beat them all is absolutely insane.
Connor Ingram beat them all, all those teams.
He's been having an outstanding year.
And Carconi, right? Undrafted forward. He's been having an outstanding year. And Cock Coney, right?
Undrafted forward.
He's got 13 goals, three assists, little Cy Young action.
He leads the entire league in five on five goals via Dimitri Filipovich.
He's great with those stats.
641 players, Biz, with 100 plus five on five minutes played this season.
He's number 567th, but he's that high on fucking goals, man.
It's just a weird statistical anomaly,
but what do you know about this kid?
Have you met him?
What was the quote that Army used in game notes
you were laughing at in the chat, Whit?
Was he like, oh, hell of a goal scorer?
Eh, maybe not much of a playmaker.
Yeah, he listed off his stats,
and he's like, not much of a playmaker, though.
I mean, the little jab.
But yeah, you said it.
Cy Young.
Cy Young Award.
Cy Young.
I watched the Bees Saturday afternoon.
They played the Coyotes.
They ended up winning 5-3.
The Yotes were buzzing, though, because I think they went down quick, came right back.
They're just a team that's fun to watch.
I don't think they're going to get into the playoffs this year, but trajectory looks great.
I got to give Armstrong some credit, right?
I was kind of hard on him, and I just think that where they're at right now,
and that was without Cooley even doing that much.
I even noticed at the end of the game when they were trying to tie it up,
Cooley wasn't on the ice.
Maybe that coach's little bit of tough love didn't have it that day.
Actually, that same game, Portra got benched by Montgomery.
But these younger guys, obviously you're not going to get the ice time
that you necessarily want if you're not doing the things
that the coach needs you to do throughout the first 60 minutes
of the first few periods.
But the Yotes are a blast to watch.
Like, they just come at you in waves.
And that Carcone, he can finish.
And it's so cool to see because all kids these days,
you want to be drafted high.
And if you're not drafted high,
you want to be in the NHL right away it's like everyone wants immediate satisfaction and he's just
grinded same way johnstown has johnston excuse me if i mispronounce it in pittsburgh but man to
never give up and keep going and just all of a sudden get your chance and be doing what he's
doing it's an awesome story and i'm really happy for that guy because he's earned every every single
thing that he's had he's had to earn he wasn't given ice time like happy for that guy because he's earned every every single thing that
he's had he's had to earn he wasn't given ice time like a guy like me because it's a high pick
well you got to see what he's got he wasn't getting shit unless he did it on his own and he's done
that well wait like you said you were like hard on bill armstrong i think you just more so meant
is like you you think it would have been in their best interest to maybe be a little bit shittier
for a longer period of time to collect some high-end draft picks right is that kind of what you're thinking was as opposed
to going out and signing zucker uh maybe going out and back bringing bugstad and there's a few
other guys that they brought in is like old older guys where you're like well do you want to finish
five ten points outside of a playoff spot and and get a shittier draft pick during these years but
at the end of the day man
this team has looked awesome and uh i guess we'll start with ingram he has just been kicking left
and right and normally it's vamelka who's like the number one guy and he's been struggling a
little bit this year so in in normally last year they were going back and forth back and forth
if not maybe vamelka was getting a little bit more of the cage but with this hawk streak that
ingram's been on,
they've just been riding him.
And up front, man, they don't really have a lot of standout league stars.
I think probably the most well-known name we could say is Clayton Keller
and where he's evolved his game.
He's looking like fucking Patty Kane, a guy who he idolized growing up,
the way that he's able to you know create out
there he's he's developed a shot a little bit more and i think it also stems from the chemistry that
he's gained with nick schmaltz like those guys snapping around there i don't know if you guys
watched the last game they were playing like uh i think it was actually against washington
uh the one that i was watching where they were doing the high cycles and like you know drop passes
so they're just extremely creative not only on their zone entries,
but inside the zone where they create a lot of deception
and create a lot of great scoring opportunities as a result.
And talking about creativity, I fucking love watching that Michelli play.
He's a little water bug out there, like a little messy,
just kind of hopping around, a little backhand sauce here,
backhand sauce there.
Another guy that comes to mind,
and everybody's had their moments to shine for this team,
Lawson Kraus, finished with nine goals in the month of November,
one of the highest goal scorers all month.
So he went on this hot streak to elevate them offensively.
So it's just great to see overall.
And another guy who you saw firsthand when he got moved over to the Oilers,
that Bugstad, and with all these moves that Bill Armstrong has made in order to make this
team a little bit better, a little bit deeper, in order to have some older veterans around
to rub off on these younger guys.
Listen, if they're on the outside looking income deadline, he's going to do exactly
what he did last year at the deadline, and he's going to move guys like Goss to spare.
Those types of players in order to gain assets as far as the draft's concerned and we all know that how Bill Armstrong's been able
to draft in the past especially with St. Louis and I think he's done a heck of a job so far with
the Coyotes and what he's brought in and Cooley being an example and you said it Witt younger guy
not going to be the best every night he He's going to go through his growing pains.
The one night they played against the Kings,
he got sat the whole third period.
So, hey, nothing to bat an eye against there.
And there's really, I don't think, anyone else to mention.
I mean, the D squad's done a heck of a job.
And, of course, they love playing for Tourney.
So, overall, the Desert Dogs are, I think they're in a wild card as we speak.
Yep.
So overall, the Desert Dogs are, I think they're in a wild card as we speak.
It would be a great story and an amplification in a very,
I don't want to say hostile, but a very vulnerable time where they're trying to gain this land, like solidify an arena deal
and keep this team in the desert.
So this winning streak and the fan interaction
and everything that's been going on in the desert
couldn't have came at a better time for for the dogs oh oh oh biz what do you think about that the land
like do you think it's a good location you think it can work there so g goes back to the year of
the rat there was one guy before the season who loved what the coyotes were doing and it was you
so a little tire pump getting playoffs i did yeah i think
i don't know if he had him in playoffs but he kept saying biz i love what they're doing i love
what they're doing i was like no i want them to suck so we get a first overall draft pick
because celebrini would be selling out that fucking barn in they might even give us the
fucking land for free if we get celebrini um going back to the land situation rumor has it
it's in north scottsdale uh we ended situation, rumor has it, it's a North Scottsdale.
Uh, we ended up interviewing Butcher grass. It's not going to come out till next week or maybe the
week after, but he brought up a great point in certain cities. You know, the transit is better.
So you can have teams, you know, if it's downtown, it's easy to get to, you have the foot traffic.
It's a commuter type town here where you're driving around.
Everything's spread out.
So you need to have the rink in an accessible location where there's a lot of driving traffic
and a lot of area for it to get into.
And North Scottsdale by Desert Ridge would be a perfect location.
There's tons of hotels around.
There's tons of action going on in Desert Ridge.
North Scottsdale as a whole has grown tremendously.
It's not that far from Cave Creek area
where more of the population has grown and they built.
Buddy, this city has doubled in size
from when I played for the Coyotes.
Is that where TPC is?
TPC is in North Scottsdale.
That's basically where all the action is.
You would have to get on the highway
and drive probably five minutes to where that location would be. Not bad. So as far as a perfect
location for everything that's available as options, that would be it. And I think it would
thrive in that area. They need to secure the land. They need to get the building permits or whatever
they need to get cleared for and i think that this
team would thrive in the desert especially the way that things are going right now so that's all i
have to say on it but i've got my hopes up in the past we've heard these types of rumblings before
i think that they should have got the land secured in tempe i thought that the voters got it wrong
they would have it would have been no taxpayers paying for it. Fuck taxpayers are still going to pay
for the cleanup
in which they have to do
to that land.
Let's get it working
in North Scottsdale
and keep this team here.
One of the biggest TV markets
in the country.
You will get the support
if it's in the right location.
I've said my piece.
What's funny though
is the entire league,
players included,
don't want them
to make the playoffs
because of the lack of money
you'll be making
from their home games
with the few amount of seats they have. So players looking at hrr and the league looking at creating all this
playoff money it's like that is not what you want a 5 000 seat arena for playoff games but in terms
of watching the games i think it'd be a great story yeah they better stick the line on this one
they're going to be the houston arrows in a couple more years. They can't keep getting this much rope. And just going back to
Ingram again, Biz, great extension
that Bill Armstrong gave him. Three years,
1.95 million a year. He's playing
out of his mind right now. 11-5
with a 9-2-0 save percentage, two shutouts,
two 5-2 goals against. So,
tremendous move. He was drafted by Tampa Bay
back in 2016 and played a few games
at Nashville and boom, he's become the star of the year. So,
great stuff. I love those type of stories, man.
Both those goalies now locked in under 5 million.
Absolutely.
Between Vemelka and Ingram combined.
I think I want to say, look it up.
Vemelka's making 2.5 on a three-year deal.
If I had to guess, I'm the numbers guy now.
Uh-oh.
Rain man over here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Vemelka, let's see.
He's 2.725. Okay. 2.7. A little here. Yeah. Yeah. Vemelka. Let's see. He's 2.725.
Okay.
2.7.
A little over.
A little over.
4.675 for the tour.
No, you had it right.
I think you just shriveled yourself.
Yeah, it was under five.
No, I know.
I said Vemelka three years at 2.5.
It was 2.725.
2.46.
All right, boys.
I'm a little hard on myself.
We had some fan calls a little while back.
We already dropped a few of them.
They were very popular, so we got a few more for you.
So, gee, what do you say we fire those up?
All right, before we get any further along here,
here's a few words from our friends at Straight Talk.
A new Straight Talk wireless offering is now available
where you can get a WallBot Plus membership included
on select Straight Talk
Wireless plans for free. Only Straight Talk Wireless gives you unlimited data, talk, and text,
plus a Walmart Plus membership included on select plans for free. Once again, who can't beat that
for the donut? Some of the perks of Walmart Plus through select Straight Talk Wireless plans,
free delivery from Walmart stores. Free shipping.
No order minimum.
Paramount Plus membership.
Member prices on fuel.
I mean, love to save money on gas.
Of course, who doesn't want to do that?
You want to go to Straight Talk Wireless.
It's available at Walmart and Walmart.com.
Go check it out.
All right, guys.
We got another call coming in from the 207 area code.
What does that mean?
What's the 207 area code? That means the caller knows that he's the one calling you, dummy.
Now the caller knows that he's the one that he's telling us up
because he's like, I'm the 207.
Okay, I get it.
Okay.
Caller, are you there?
What's your name?
Where are you from?
Is it me?
It's you, buddy.
It's you.
Should I get off the park?
Oh, it is.
207, dog.
I'm Cameron.
Yeah, I'm Cameron. That's Maine, boys.. 207, dog. I'm Cameron. Yeah, I'm Cameron.
That's Maine, boys.
Maine, okay.
Maine.
There we go.
Nice.
A Black Bear fan?
Oh, yeah.
No shit.
Actually, no, I love the head coach.
I was going to say you guys stink, but Benny Barr is the head coach.
Great guy.
What's your question?
I mean, we had Jim Montgomery, too, so not too bad.
I was just wondering, like like what's it like when you
get to the rink on the like for at least from your guys perspective what was it like when you
walked into an NHL arena for like the first time busy with I guess as in like showing up on the
bus like you're gonna start playing on the road type thing like on the yeah like you like like
you know you're like you know you're getting in your first game for the first time.
What is that feeling like?
Well, mine was a little different because my first NHL game was a world premier game.
And we started off with a back-to-back at the Globe.
And I got to go on the road on this Euro trip to Stockholm, Sweden.
And we played against the Ottawa Senators.
It was super cool because they had so many Swedes.
Like Alfredson was still on the team.
And then Matt Sundin came out to drop the ceremonial face-off.
So my experience was I was getting my first NHL game.
I was shocked that I was even fucking getting a game because I was so indebted with the organization.
I was in the coast two years prior in that organization
at a different position.
So it was so cool and then to
see fuck i feel like it was like a 10 minute standing o for matt sundin dropping a ceremonial
face off with uh danny alfredson taking it against i think it was against sid so it was it was sick
it was surreal for me uh that's my memory of my first nhl uh game and And as far as every time I pinched myself,
every time I walked in one of those stadiums,
cause I was like a borderline guy.
I got to fucking hang around for,
for five and a half years.
It was awesome.
Right?
Like I was just basically eating the toys on the flight.
DJing and collecting paychecks.
Like this is on Malila.
I'm like,
I'm like living a,
a,
a current day um like content
creator youtube star lifestyle but i'm like on an nhl team somehow i was a bullpen catcher
in the national hockey league and it was surreal so i think that's a perfect description right
there i was excited but i had no sort of backstory to to the way biz felt i did have an assist yeah an assist
five on three mario was on the ice sid was on the ice mark recchi was on the ice oh wow in jersey
the you know what the sad thing is i don't even remember if we won or lost
that's so pathetic got his cookie he didn't give a shit that's so pathetic
i think we've won.
Can somebody look that up, G?
All right.
Thanks for calling, buddy.
Thanks for calling.
207, dog.
All right, boys.
Next up, we got a caller from the 440.
440, what's your name?
Where are you calling from?
And what do you want to talk to the boys about?
Hey, boys.
How's it going?
Dave from Penn State.
I just got a question for Biz. Biz, would you consider a second encounter with uh shitty cindy no no i wouldn't i wouldn't do
that no that that would have been if you said yes i'd be like no you're fucked up yeah no it was it
was a fun awkward encounter a funny story came about and then we move on. On to Cleveland. Is that what Bill
built? On to Cincinnati.
Yeah, there you go. Alright, thanks
boys. Thank you. Thank you. Alright guys,
next up we got a caller from the
647. 647, what's
your name? What are you calling about? And
what do you got for the boys? Boys, what's up?
I'm Alex from Toronto. I'm on Bluetooth in my
car right now. Can you hear me? I got you.
Loud and clear.
Hey, how's it going, boys?
First of all, go, let's go.
It's our year, biz.
And I also just want to say I'm kind of,
I'm a big part of my Tape fan as well.
And one of the things I really like about their podcast is, like,
they got their boys on all the time.
Witt, I know they said you're going on next week.
You've been on 100 times.
Homa, Kepka, like, Rossello,
they got those guys coming on, every other month basically and it kind of builds that like like their fan base loves them
and it's the banter between the boys always really good so i've always wondered why you guys don't
have like guys like andre wa who's just like one of the funniest motherfuckers i've ever heard in
my life and stapleton on more often days we talked about this last night this is this is a good idea uh yeah i'm i'm yeah we're trying to expand and try new
things i've been very adamant about it getting getting on regulars uh we just had derek step
on for 30 minutes we wanted him longer but he booked a tea time 30 minutes after our interview
started so but yeah more weekly segments more the regulars snap it around. It's more comfortable dialogue.
Maybe their eyes are on a, on a, on a different conference or a different division more so
than us.
We can get more in-depth analysis, you know, talk to them about like current events also
that are going on in the game.
So yeah, I would like to do that.
I don't know, maybe doing like a, a bi-weekly show of getting the regulars back on to kind
of catch up on the league.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I'm down with the reoccurring guests.
We got to put together a good list. Andre
Waugh would be great. Oh, he's so funny.
That guy's classic. Yeah, he was honestly
one of the funniest. I had no idea who he was
before the interview and after
I still watch it to this day.
Just going back, I had time to
dance a few of the moments. It was just
the funniest thing ever and that's what I mean.
Having guys like that on a little bit more often,
just kind of letting the fans see those guys.
You guys can talk to them whenever,
but I can't hear from Bugs here on Joy Wall often.
So I think just having that a little bit more often
would be a great idea.
But yeah, other than that,
just you guys are awesome, Kaelin.
I've been listening for like five, six years.
You make my nine to five shitty job go by a lot quicker.
So I really appreciate it.
Thanks so much, pal.
Appreciate the tire pump.
Thank you.
Thank you for listening.
All right, guys.
Next up, we got a caller
from the 734.
734 caller.
What's your name?
Where you're calling from?
And what do you want to talk
to BizWit and RA about?
What's up, fellas?
What's up?
My name's Logan.
I'm calling in from Detroit.
Okay. This one following in from Detroit. Okay.
And I just, this one's for Witt here.
Oh, yeah.
Witt, I need you to get back on the hill of the Zegers and Drysdale for Darlene.
Zegan and Drysdale for Darlene?
You're down with that one.
You were one of the few.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Hey, I took so much heat.
I took so much heat right away
I kind of backtracked which I've been known to do
and then I thought again I'm like listen
give me two years
because if Darlene obviously
does what he did last year and then repeats
it and it's like oh Norris trophy
up before again then I lost
and I'm openly kind of
admitting that that's probably the
case but if not I'll be able to draw back on that Drysdale looks pretty good yet and And I'm openly kind of admitting that that's probably the case.
But if not, I'll be able to draw back on that.
Drysdale looks pretty good.
He had a couple nice assists the first two games.
Zekers hasn't done anything yet.
But if he gets to the 70-point season mark in the next two years,
I'm down with bringing that back into play.
But if Darlene rips it up, you'll never hear me say a word.
It's a lock.
I'll die on that hill.
I'm down with that. That's a fan right there, folks.
Last one here. I think you guys
need to start doing a Shanbagger
golf tournament.
How would that work out?
We probably would never do one with fans,
no offense. It would be more about
getting, but we do want to do something with
More teams.
We get like 16 NHL guys, eight teams, and then we do a round robin
and record everything, semifinals, finals, get everyone together.
So that would be kind of cool.
Because then people are going to be like,
well, you've got to throw a tournament here, here, here.
Where would we throw the tournament, the golf
the Shanbagger golf tournament?
Tidewater in myrtle beach that's a fucking random answer i ain't going to fucking myrtle beach
hey who hangs out in myrtle beach old like senior citizen i'd rather go to eight miles
we'll do spit uhlitz Cup there with a
broken hip division.
Yeah, I hear you.
Thank you so much. You're a legend.
Myrtle Beach.
Alright guys, next up we got a caller from the
720. Caller from the 720,
what's your name, where you're calling from, and what do you got
for BizWit and RA?
Fellas, can you hear me?
We can hear you.
Hell yeah, this is John from Denver. Biz, you and I have had a lot of battles over Twitter, biz wit and RA fellas. Can you hear me? We can hear you. Oh yeah.
This is John from Denver.
Biz,
you and I have had a lot of battles over Twitter.
So I'm sure you're trying to block.
Did I block you?
Did I block you?
You did not.
You did not.
Bitch.
Lucky,
lucky for you.
Didn't come hard enough,
buddy.
Keep,
keeps you on your toes.
So,
uh,
all right,
boys.
So who do,
who do we think is going to really win this uh 2026 winter
olympics between canada and us i mean the lineups are so similar but i feel like it's a coin flip
yeah you just answered your own question i think the same thing i mean the talent the us is just
it's on the rise i would say with the weapons they have they're just as lethal as canada
um i would say though the the leading with the ace of spades like having mckinnon mcdavid macar
i mean that's a pretty canada i would say overall is more top heavy but after that it just i mean
it evens out and it's it's a fucking one game final like it's just like it's one game i'm hoping that
us doesn't win because then we have to watch a fucking disney movie about it for for totally
when is this gonna happen that's the thing like can we get one of these
oh best on best yes give me a best on best tournament fucking world cup in 2016 like seven years ago we got all these studs that weren't even playing then
yeah like why the hell does dnhl just does not know how to market it's so no they're really
good at making apps though have you seen their twitter too it's a joke i think the only thing
holding back uh my like harsh criticism is they had to battle through the COVID experience and it being in maybe not the most desirable place during that time.
It was in China, right?
You're right.
I wonder without COVID if there would have been one at least planned by now.
I just want one planned.
I just need to see one.
Oh, for sure.
For sure.
It needs to happen because I think it'd be just a hell of a
hell of a game yeah um but no hey next time you boys are in denver what were we arguing about on
twitter oh it was uh so i'm that guy that can't skate worth for shit this was back like three
years ago biz and uh i sent you a fucking hilarious story that i wanted you to read
on the pod go through your dms and uh well why don't you just say it yourself now i don't have
it up in front of me boys you don't remember it you don't remember what was the story like you're
the one it came from your head didn't it so i went to uh so do you you know how they're a powerhouse hockey wise yeah
so uh yeah i can't state worth for shit but i go to a du hockey just a party like in one of the
dorms and uh one of the girls thinks i'm on the team and uh you know i play into it and um you
know i tell her yeah what position were you goalie of course Oh, I was the center. Well, you know.
First line center.
Yeah.
Lie.
On your men's league team.
What does she know?
And of course, she wants to go ice skating on the first date.
Oh, no.
So.
Oh, you weren't just trying to get it done.
You were going to long play this like she would have found out.
I didn't really think about this one, boys.
I'm going to be honest. Yeah, you're a liabeticetic you got caught in your own lie so what happened so how'd the date
play out the long story short you know the skates haven't been sharpened in a while either we uh
we got you know evergreen lake uh you guys probably don't it's in colorado obviously
it's like freezes over the winter so we go go to evergreen lake and ice a little choppy.
And I fall over two seconds,
right?
As a skate touch the ice.
And of course she starts to skate as equally to me.
And then she kind of sees where she eventually realized I'm not on a team.
So long story short,
puck buddies are a real thing,
even at the college level boys.
Hey,
but you didn't cash in, though.
Was that the last date?
Was that the last date?
Yeah.
I should teach you a lesson not to lie.
Square wheels.
It's a damn shame.
But I know, just real quick, boys, next time you're in Denver,
I think we need to do the...
I'm glad I didn't read that on the podcast.
It would have been the new sleep app oh fuck
i'll be i'll see you on twitter later but uh yeah i'm gonna fucking block you this time
don't be sending me any more brutal stories like that i'm gonna block your ass
real quick boys i think we need to do the sandbagger at Cherry Hills Country Club.
Against who?
Against who?
I think McKinnon and McCarr against business.
They don't want this fucking action.
I don't care how good they are at hockey.
They'd fuck it.
We'd close them out.
I think McCarr's pretty nasty, actually.
He's good at everything.
He's probably got a huge wrench on him, too.
Anyway, buddy buddy thanks for calling
in we love you hey fellas hey love the pod hey love you too brother okay deuces thank you all
right boys next up we got a caller from the 719 719 where you're calling from what's your name
and what do you want to talk to the boys about hey there boys How's everyone doing? Fantastic.
Sorry, I wasn't sure if my Bluetooth was going through there.
I'm Justin in Colorado Springs.
Are you, like, moving right now?
I had to duck out of work.
Oh, no worries.
Go ahead.
Colorado Springs, you're... What's that?
Where'd you say you're from?
Yeah, the place where we try to start an ECHL team, Colorado Springs.
Yeah, let's do it.
Colorado Springs.
We used to have the Gold Kings here back in the day.
The rink didn't want to listen to us.
They had this board of governors for the rink in Colorado Springs.
We tried to bring an ECHL team there.
They wouldn't even hear us out.
Not a presentation.
They didn't give two shits.
They cared only about what they had going on.
And we could, yeah. So it fizzled out. No ECHL team in Colorado Springs. a presentation they didn't give two shits they cared only about what they had going on and uh
we could yeah so it fizzled out no no no echl team in colorado springs we were almost sports owners
biz we were and which is it would have been the only only franchise in um all of hockey that would
have had their ahl team nhl team and east coast team along the same highway in the same state
and it
would have been perfect it would have been a well-oiled machine for Colorado
and no but the the the board of governors I don't know they didn't like
us I know maybe you should you should go to the city hey you should go uh we're gonna call them the big horns the colorado big horns yeah yeah hey how about this how about you go to like a board of governors meeting on our behalf
in colorado springs and if if they will hear you out and you can somehow get in inside we can maybe
get this back going again but it's it seems like it's fizzing out. Oh, absolutely. Okay, all right.
If he gets it back going again, Biz,
you name him the first GM of the team.
No, you're not going to be a GM.
What do you think you would be good at, honestly,
as far as running our ECHL team?
What could you do?
I think you should be our spokesperson
if you can go to the city council.
I could be the assistant to the Zamboni driver.
Can you drive the Boner?
Yeah, I know some of the, all the crews that work the world arena here
uh that's the arena it's a beautiful state-of-the-art arena what is it 7 000 uh seats
what's there i believe so i wonder if the hiccup was that that's still an olympic sheet as opposed
to an nhl sheet no i don't you can change that easy okay and even i
think that they don't care in the echl if it's olympic sheet it's kind of like this i don't know
they do a lot of the nhl like testing they're starting like okay fair enough and i think that
we even talked about organizing to change the the boards and pay for it because it's like well
what goes on there right now i I think a lot of this year,
Colorado college used to play there for their home games,
but then they built their own arena downtown here.
So it's a largely for like the Olympic training center folks.
Yeah. They it's yeah.
My friend drives Zamboni down there and she said most of the time
it's for practices or it's kind of a ghost town down there without i guess all the high school
teams practice there okay so i was going to ask how much do you think the sheet of ice is occupied
and how many nights of the week that's what we're more curious about where it's like hey we want to
work out a deal with you and be a good tenant and you're going to
make money off this.
And we could figure out a way to just have the rink operated.
And another thing too,
it's we didn't even need that sheet of ice for practice days because they have
two practice sheets that are attached to the arena, right?
There's two practice sheets.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it was,
it seemed like a no brainer.
It seemed like a no brainer.
And there's over a million people there.
It's a beautiful place.
Guys would love to play in Colorado Springs.
I think it's one of the fastest growing cities in all of the states too.
And a lot of military there.
I believe so.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of military.
There's like four or five bases here.
No shit.
So we tried.
That would be awesome if they were able to do that.
Because I think the new, the owner of the Canes, I can't recall his name.
Kronke?
I believe a few years ago.
No, Kronke's the owner of the Avs.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Did you say the Canes or the Kings?
Kings.
Yeah, I can't.
It's on the tip of my tongue, but he bought the Broadmoor a few years ago.
And they did a preseason game between the Kings and the abs at the world arena.
And that was awesome.
Phillip and shoots and shoots.
Yep.
That's the one I played for the Kings organization.
Yeah.
Well,
buddy,
we appreciate you calling.
Was there anything else you had for us?
I think we just actually took over that when he said he was from Colorado
Springs. You never got to ask. Oh, no shit oh no shit well okay what do you want to ask us
hockey no worries i wanted to offer um myself as a resource if you guys ever do any charity events
things like that i have a an art page where i do a lot of donating of paintings for auctions and like
heartbreaking news stories type things where they might need to pick me up and
just wanted to offer myself as a resource.
If you guys ever do any charity events like that,
I'd love to donate some artwork paintings or so you,
you do the paintings.
Yes.
Can you send us an Instagram or at least say it right now so we could take a peek at what
you got going on sure but yeah i mean i think that's a great idea i would love a lot of my
recent stuff why do you say that by cappy art by doing a lot more pop culture stuff lately yes
art by cap k-a-p-p-y a p-A-P-A-P-P-Y.
Oh.
Maybe I could buy one off you and you can
paint one for my house
in Arizona.
Sure. I'd be
happy to do some.
I love doing custom pieces.
I've done some for some of the Broncos
guys. I did one for Von Miller,
Derek Wolf.
Oh, okay.
Wow.
Wait, what's the Instagram here?
Art by what?
Art by Cappy.
C-A-P-P-Y.
Okay.
C-A-P-P-Y.
Okay.
All right.
Oh, wow.
There we go.
All right.
Okay, this is.
I'm following you.
Oh, you got Brad Pitt here.
What movie is that?
Fight Club.
Fight Club.
That's right.
Wow.
Okay. Oh, the Star Wars one. This is right is that? Fight Club. That's right. Wow. Okay.
Oh, the Star Wars one. This is right up R.A.'s alley for sure. Caddyshack.
R.A. might like the Tombstone
ones for sure too.
I don't know if I want to...
It's at underscore by underscore
cabbie. That's when I clicked it.
No, there's another one right above it.
So you made one from a car.
It's unbelievable. Look at that. yep i got it so you made one from a car it's unbelievable look at that that's sick can you draw one yeah i wasn't able to get it but i did that one can you
draw one of me like that like just oh wow looking up ice about to make some play i know it never
happened for me i like the joker if you could use your imagination an action shot painted by you
like that would be so cool with the Desert Dogs jersey on.
Absolutely.
Dude, that Empire painting, Luke versus Doth,
is fucking unreal, buddy.
That's an unreal piece of work, man.
Awesome.
Thanks so much.
No doubt.
That's good shit.
I'm following you right now.
You do goalie masks too?
We just lost him.
No worries.
No worries.
All right.
Next up, guys, we got a caller from the 358, I believe.
358, what's your name and where are you calling from?
Hey, what's up, boys?
What's shaking?
I'm just calling from Finland here.
Oh, nice.
So, yeah, it's not actually my first time here.
I've actually called in before.
So it's not actually my first time here.
I've actually called in before.
If you remember the segment you did on your pod with questions,
and some people were very hammered.
And I asked you a question about some Finnish guys and what you thought about Finnish hockey players.
I don't know if you even remember that anymore.
I don't.
The voicemails we did a while back.
Oh, okay.
So I actually talked to sammy
lapisto the other day he wanted to uh call me you know you know you know who that is right
and apparently now oh yeah we know he uh just started doing media over there they cover the
nhl on a certain channel so he's doing it as a as an analyst yeah so he called me for advice oh yeah
sam you're a funny fucking bastard. Just be yourself up there.
He was a great teammate.
You would be hard pressed to, I never played with a bad fin.
Finnish guys and Swedish guys were always so nice, so kind.
They just got it.
A very non-confrontational country, right? But they play hard.
They played their dicks off.
And the time off, though, when you get the green light
to go for the boys, they go.
They're kind of like Russians in that regard.
They go hard.
Yeah, but we're not selfish like the Russians are.
It's kind of rude in our hockey.
Yeah.
In our hockey, we're unselfish.
Things like we're in peewee and stuff
and when we go to the ranks it's all about team and teamwork yeah so that's why maybe we don't
have so much like high-end talent because well well we have some good players like really cool
you got heskinen you got you got high high end talent you don't have high maintenance
Barkov
Barkov
yeah
you got anything else for us
yeah well
yeah well I was there
this summer visiting in Michigan
and I bought some
pink Whitney back home
and I'm kind of running
empty so if you could hook us
up in Finland. We've got to get it over there.
I remember we
talked about that a while back
and I think it's hard to get over in Europe
dude. I'm assuming that
if they think that they would sell over there
but I do get a certain amount of requests
especially in Sweden and Finland.
Do you think it would sell well there? Yeah
Do you know? Yeah, of course it would yeah. Yeah, but like in Finland and Sweden the
Regulations for alcohol is pretty high because it gets taxed pretty high and it's really oh
We don't really care Canada. It's like Canada. Huh? It's like Canada. It's high taxes on alcohol because it's free health care.
Oh, yeah.
That's how it all works.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah.
How would you
Is R.A. there?
Yes, R.A. is here, but I want to ask you a question.
How would you brand it there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How would you brand it there?
I heard Finnish people are very much into heavy metal music.
Is that true or is that a rumor?
Oh.
No, it's not.
Yeah, it's true.
Yeah, we like it.
Should maybe we throw like a festival there
to kick off Pink Whitney,
like a hardcore music festival?
Yeah, or like something to do with hockey,
of course, hockey is number one here.
Everybody basically,
even if you don't play it,
you watch it because there's a lot of local teams.
Where I live in Tampere,
where we had two years in a row
the IIHF World Hockey Championships here.
So yeah, anything to do with hockey
and some festival, if it would come, I think that would work.
Sammy Lapisto was calling partly to ask me
if we could come to a pawn hockey tournament over there in January,
and I basically just nixed it.
I nixed that on behalf of the group because I just don't think,
we have to plan way more in advance for these types of things.
I don't think Witt's canceling a family trip to come to a pawn hockey tournament send merles send merles over okay listen okay i'm
glad you brought this up or i guess i did uh maybe we could send merles as a correspondent
considering he's already over there and close and he could go have fun and muck it up at this
pawn hockey tournament that sammy lapisto was doing And maybe we'll send them over with a couple of,
um,
a couple of,
uh,
what do you call it?
Cases.
Yeah.
Cases.
And his,
his luggage.
That'll be our first ever little event.
So that'll be nice.
There you go.
There you go.
Everybody.
I,
I,
yeah,
but it's,
it's all right.
Yeah.
I'm right here,
buddy.
What do you got for me?
Yeah.
Hey,
hey.
So if you ever come to Tampere,
Finland,
me and my roommate, we'll hook you up with some bonkers. hey so if you ever come to Tampere, Finland me and my roommate
will hook you up
with some bonkers
okay?
Ah
looking forward to it
You're allowed to smoke
weed in Finland?
I don't know
He does it anyways
I'm not
He's going to end up
in prison
in Finland
for his lifetime
because it's banned
When is
flurry season
in Finland? Huh? What did they banned. When is flurry season in Finland?
Huh?
What did I say?
When is flurry season in Finland?
We don't know either, buddy.
What the hell is that?
Just a joke.
Buddy, if I ever get to Finland,
I will look you up and do bong rips with you
and a bunch of other shit.
Yeah, that's a lie.
Oh, yeah.
That would be great.
All right, buddy.
Thanks a lot, brother. All right, buddy. Thanks for calling, brother.
Thanks a lot.
All right, boys.
Next up, we got a call from the 770770 caller.
What's your name?
Where are you calling from?
And what do you got for Biz, Witt, and RA?
What's up, boys?
This is Steven.
I'm calling from Panama City Airport right now.
Oh, how was that trip?
Panama, Florida?
Yeah.
No.
Yeah. Fall break um play hockey at school
at connecticut college uh alumni of the camels the camels um the camels baby that's my brother
played lacrosse at connecticut college i had a couple nights there that's a cool nickname
really yeah boy um when i got i got a good story for you actually so yeah i don't know if you
remember this back in the day.
You and Keith used to come down to Atlanta and run hockey camps at the cooler with Jacobs and all those guys.
And who was that legendary goalie that worked there that played for the Bruins?
Dan Bouchard.
Buddy Biz, this guy.
Oh, no.
What, you don't like him?
No, no, no, no.
He didn't play for the Bruins, though, I don't think.
He played for the Flames. I don't think he played for
the Flames okay all right excuse I had the wrong team but this guy would be on the ice and I was
gonna say I'm gonna say at this time he was 55 if not older and Keith and I would go on the ice and
rip it as hard as we could and he would be standing there with his goalie stick upside down and save
every single one with the knob.
Ask Keith.
No word of a lie.
Yeah, I remember that.
Brian Yandel was living down there at the time.
And he was playing on the coast there, wasn't he?
Yeah, but he was done at this point.
He was running like all the hockey at Alpharetta.
And so, yeah, we had a great time down there.
Oh, no.
You and Keith, you guys would. so I grew up playing for Brian.
He was my coach for like eight years before I moved back up to Tishwood
or wherever.
But you guys then came to my house one day, and I had this mini go-kart.
It was like probably the size of like a small  just a small bag.
It wasn't  not meant for your 6'3 ass, but you got on it, and I have a steep driveway.
You went as fast as you could down my driveway and crashed into the curb across the street,
broke my go-kart, and I was crying for two days about it.
The next day at the hockey camp, I show up.
I've got brand new gloves and a new stick waiting in my locker for me. Signed by you and Keithy.
I swear on my life. You don't remember
this? I know, that's how weird I am.
I don't even have a recollection
of this. I have a recollection.
Wait, what's your dad's name?
Joe.
I don't know if I should say his last name on the air.
Buddy, I know. Your dad's the man.
Your dad gave
Brian an Xfinity enormous SUV for like a dollar. Your dad's the man yeah he your dad gave Brian an Xfinity enormous
SUV for like a dollar your dad
the legend
we sold high cars
you gotta tell your dad
hello I actually
have the most ridiculous picture
of Keith Brian and I in your pool
this kid's house is sick unbelievable
backyard I'm gonna pull this picture
up right now we throw
a party there look at the gear yeah you guys can come down to whatever you want look at the gear
keith brian and myself have on in this picture buddy i saw this the other day oh my god brian
with the ed hardy the checkered shorts oh my god we might have to post this video this picture if we if we're you
know this calls on youtube or whatever so i i yeah the go-kart thing like that's it actually
scares me that a lot of stuff in my life i i have how much you think the go-kart cost should we'd
have to pay you back no he he paid me back by the gloves i used to wear these awful like golden
gloves they were like bright yellow and i still have them in my room but one
pair signed by keith the other one signed by you oh that's awesome hey you gotta you gotta tell
your dad hello he's he's a great dude so we appreciate the call and i need to get this
memory figured out appreciate it boys all right later all right before you go any further here's
a few words from our friends at Zinn.
We're all looking for a change in routine, whether it's hitting a new machine at the gym,
listening to new music, whatever.
So if you're looking to move away from the hassle of traditional tobacco,
Zinn nicotine pouches are a simple way to introduce that change in your everyday life.
And get this, they're America's number one nicotine pouch.
Only the best for our listeners.
Zinn comes in 10 varieties like Spamming, Coffee, and Wintergreen.
So you guys have your pick when it comes to throwing a 3 milligram,
a 6 milligram of that satisfaction pack pouch.
And let me tell you, these pouches deliver that pure nicotine satisfaction
no matter what strength or variety you choose.
Zinn nicotine pouches are smoke-free,
spit-free, and hands-free. That works to your advantage on or off the ice. And if you're
curious about what a premium nicotine experience looks like, check out the Zinn 10 Challenge,
a 10-day risk-free trial. Head over to your nearest convenience store or order online
at zinn.com. Warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine
is an addictive chemical.
Big thanks to all our loyal
calls who checked in that day. Biz, what's going
on with this East Coast stuff? A lot of
chitter-chatter about it. What's the word?
That would have been sick.
That was the portion of the calls where we talked
about the ECHL team.
Didn't work
out. We couldn't get an agreement done with the arena. It was very
difficult, but that's something that I would love to do in the future. And hopefully in the ECHL,
a place that I play, I love, I love trying to work with, with all the people involved with the league
as well. The other owners were very receptive to the idea when we went there and spoke about
bringing this team to Colorado Springs.
Over a million people there. It would have been a perfect location. It would have been the first time, and I don't know how much of this I went over in the midst of this call, but it would have
been the first time that all NHL, AHL, and ECHL would have been connected on the same highway.
So very easy access to one another.
Obviously the NHL team could put prospects down in the ECHL there if a few trickle down
past the AHL for even more younger development.
So it would have been a cool thing.
It's not saying that it's not going to happen
in the future, but the ECHL is a league
that I would love to be part owner,
if not full owner with you guys in a team with,
and maybe that'll happen down the road
but the hey good news is we're going to continue to work with the echl in the meantime like we did
that echl series we talked about last part of the pod before uh we're going to be going to another
solar bears game we did a pink whitney night we're doing another one january 23rd i believe it's a
tuesday am i am i am i right so we're going to go down there, have a good time. We're actually
trying to line up a sandbagger right now with
a few co-workers.
Should we divulge who we're trying to work it out with, Whit?
The
bussing with the boys.
But I don't know
if that's going to end up working out this trip,
but at some point it will. And Biz,
about owning an ECHL team,
the good thing is you could even offer up
to have G's Bar the Box
maybe do like an intermission show.
Okay.
Or like the Red Panda.
I'll do the needle.
Or we could maybe get the guy
who you sent a picture of
that your brother sent you via text
of his little guy in San Francisco.
You got to talk about this.
I just remembered.
My brother sent,
my brother Sean sent me and Colin a text.
He goes, look at this.
It is a guy walking downtown San Francisco
butt naked with an elastic band
strapped around his beanbag with a full-on
rocket of a hard-on just looking around saying hello to everyone i've never seen i i zoomed in
because i thought it was like like the sex grand she was with at the box like that's not real i'm
like oh my god no that is the guy's legit hard cock sticking out,
walking around the street.
He should have been arrested.
If I was walking with my kids, I would have sucker punched him.
No problem.
Like, I just.
Put a poked rider's eye out.
Watch your mouth right now.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Watch your fucking mouth.
Sorry.
Speaking of cocks, though, the team name we were going to have,
it was going to be the Colorado Bighornsorns it's actually the state animal it would be a sick logo with the fucking the ram
yeah the ram ones basically like a ram head and my idea was was it for it to be the first ever
and i don't know maybe i'm lying here the first dual mascot team where it would have been a bighorn and then a hunter where around the game
during like for game ops this hunter mascot would have been trying to shoot the bighorn but would
have never been successful so you'd always have them on the jumbotron like you know he would be
chasing around and i don't know i thought it would have been fun am i out of my mind here
most people don't try to kill their mascots
but
not a toy gun
for fuck's sakes
yeah maybe that
wouldn't have worked
but it's a big
it's a big
veteran town
so it would have been
cool to implement
like you know
former people
in the army
or navy
they could have came in
if they wanted to be
a part of the organization
maybe work
you know whether
it was like
like what are the
people on the concourse the ticketing agents ushers yeah ushers like you know if they want to just feel
part of a community and want to get involved i just thought it would have been a great idea
we could have sold out the barn rockin tunes got our own booze in there great game ops uh you know
i don't know maybe i'm just hey you know What? The good thing is maybe somebody now, I think we said it on the call,
maybe somebody now reaches out.
We'd love you guys to be some part of the owners of a new East Coast
Hockey League team.
Where would we put the team, though?
Somewhere warm, please.
Actually, as far as that mascot idea, Biz,
it always reminds me of the Hartford Whalers.
The mascot was Pucky the Whale.
It was like this cute whale.
But a whaler is a person who kills whales for a living.
Like, it was always like kind of like a fucking oxymoron, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah, a whaler kills whales.
That could have been your grind my gears.
I mean, if it was the 1800s, maybe.
It would be cool to get in on that Lake Tahoe team they just announced.
They just announced a new team.
They did.
Yeah, from Lake Tahoe. I think it's They just announced a new team. They did. Yeah, from Lake Tahoe.
I think it's called the Night Moxers.
That would be awesome.
So when there's a team in Salt Lake.
Tim Tebow, I believe, is one of the owners of this team in Lake Tahoe.
Now, I also thought, I mean, since we're on the topic,
like if it weren't to work out in Phoenix with a team,
I feel like this market's got, what, five, six million people within a 100-mile radius.
Like, why wouldn't you then?
Oh, my.
They had the Roadrunners, too, right?
Yeah, Roadrunners were IHL.
IHL, yeah.
Jimmy Lee, big Jim.
And then I believe it moved to ECHL.
Yeah.
And I think that if you could work out a deal with ASU,
if the team were to move,
even if the team does stay and gets their new rink,
you could have an ECHL team in that 5,500-seat arena,
or I think it's maybe more of 5,000.
So the door isn't closed, options on the table,
and now that we're talking about it,
hopefully we get an offer, as you said, Whit.
Oh, shit.
A little controversy in Nashville.
We talked about Tyson Barry last week.
He was given permission to seek a trade,
but Barry Trott's not too happy about it.
It got out to the press.
He said, Tyson's game hasn't translated as well as we'd liked it last year.
He's having a tough time not being on the first power play.
So the other night, he was healthy scratch for the first time in his career.
Different players react differently.
Then he said, I want you to come here to win.
I don't want you to come here to retire.
A very pointed comment. I don't know that tyson was going to retire but uh we never really
heard barry say stuff like this or neither or have tyson be on on the receiving end of this
type of stuff is kind of unusual right okay so he said this like he said some of the comments i
think that when they were written they looked worse they looked worse okay but nonetheless he
did go on a local radio station
and started spouting off a little bit.
I don't know if he had a couple glasses of bourbon
before he went on,
but it's definitely different between being a head coach
where you could maybe say this to the guys in the locker room
and then maybe not being as connected
and then weirdly going on the show and then saying that.
I guess the weirdest part about all of it is
things haven't been going like they were last year.
I mean, last year Yossi was out, right?
So Tyson Berry, when he came in, he had that PP1 position.
He was snapping around.
Everything was going good.
Now he's not playing power play.
When he's in the lineup some nights, he's playing 14 minutes.
Well, he's in the midst of a contract year.
So if things aren't going that great,
maybe you reach out to the organization. You say, hey, if things aren't going that great, you, maybe you reach out to the
organization. You say, Hey, you know, if it's not going that well, and you guys don't really have a
use for him, maybe he could go somewhere else. Well, from my understanding, he was given permission.
So they talked to a few other teams. Clearly nowadays, it's hard to keep any type of secrets
tight lipped. It gets out in the media that he is talking to other teams and then
Barry Trotz kind of got a little bit poopy pants over the fact that it got out but it's like who
gives a fuck if you gave him permission to go talk to other teams what do you care that people know
that he's talking to other teams clearly it's evident that things aren't going the best
in in Nashville not saying they won't turn around but if you don't have any use for him maybe there's a team whose power play isn't playing well where he could go to the problem being now is any of these
teams that maybe in a playoff spot who are looking for that type of defenseman don't have any fucking
cap space so he's making four million bucks it's going to be hard to move them if in fact they can
and if so maybe it's not a playoff team but he's looking to go play
somewhere and get significant minutes so he can end up locking in another contract if you're playing
and getting buried on a team and you're on a contract year it's not an ideal situation so
this one went a little bit squirrely based on those public comments I thought trots was probably
a little bit you know out of line as far as saying that,
considering if he was okay that they were going to talk to other teams with.
You tell me.
Once you give a player permission and a player and his agent to talk to other teams
and try to work out something, that minute that happens, it's becoming public.
It's becoming public.
So I didn't understand.
Now, I guess what you're saying is reading it looked way worse.
That is true.
But if you're Tyson Barry, long career, been a really good player.
Well respected.
That was a shriveling.
Shriveling.
The line about we don't want guys to come here to retire,
that's pretty aggressive, I thought.
Now, I haven't been in the room.
I don't know how he's acting.
I can't picture him being there and acting like he's just playing out the last year of his career
and he doesn't give a shit.
So I was very surprised to read it, especially coming from Trotz, who seems to be, you know,
what is the word?
Tight to the, what is it, RA?
Tight lip?
Close to the vest.
Close to the vest, right?
And all of a sudden, he's kind of dogging this player he has,
who they originally gave the permission to to talk to other teams. So kind of a sudden he's kind of dogging this this player he has who they originally gave
gave the permission to to talk to other teams so kind of a bizarre story no doubt he's like small
horn bad breath guys hate him just gave him the fucking full monty for crying out loud but i would
imagine there's probably some tummy sticks going on now because trots does have a big heart and
maybe they could rekindle rekindle the flame, it seemed like he was more pissed that it got
out more than anything else. So that's probably why he
said what he said. Am I at an arbitration hearing
right now? What the hell is going on?
Jesus Christ.
Not the only defenseman who's been granted permission
to seek a trade. Edmonton's Phillip Brogberg.
His camp has been granted permission.
Sounds like there's a lot of interest on that front.
Edmonton doesn't want to pick back. They're looking
for a player. Biz, you got an opinion on this matter or what?
Yeah, I do.
I got a trade proposal.
How many do you think?
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Call 911.
Broberg, straight up for Paul Yarvey.
Bring him back.
Bring him.
Bison head?
Bison head.
Bring him back.
Bison king, I think.
He could be the missing piece gentlemen i have a i have
some breaking news oh my god david perron 20 games david perron has been suspended six games for his
cross check on our term artem zeb cross check to the head's gonna get you that every time yeah and
it probably would have been worse if he'd ever been suspended before, but his record was clear throughout his career.
So like we said before, Kane's got to step it up,
and who knows when Larkin's going to be back.
Yeah.
According to Chris Johnson, he will forfeit 148,437 in salary.
That sounds like Teemu's speeding ticket.
They should make the money end up just being what you'll have to pay after taxes.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, but they don't do it that way.
No, they don't.
And it gets guys probably even more scared to be suspended.
But that is brutal.
That wouldn't be fair for me.
Because different states or whatever would pay different fees. Yeah true.
Stupid idea.
Toronto defenseman John Klingberg
he's having hip surgery at the end of the month.
He's shut down for the season. The 31
year old Swede was on a one year 4.15
million dollar deal. Including
him, Murray and Muzzin the Leafs have
over 14 million in the long term
injury reserve salary pool so they can
make some moves if they want.
Do we see John Klingberg again in this league, Whit, or no?
I'm going to say no.
And I got some serious questions about how this whole thing went down.
He's made it clear that he's been battling this for a while.
He signs a 4 million deal, plays horrible,
and then all of a sudden is too hurt to ever play again?
Is there not some
sort of sketchiness here that we're
maybe not catching on to? He's off to Robida
Island. Robida
Island is real and alive,
but how can you
sign a guy
to that, and then he just plays really
bad. Nothing specific happens in a game
injury-wise, although the league's very on top of this, I've been told, in terms of trying to figure out if people that and then he just plays really bad nothing specific happens in a game injury wise although
the league's very on top of this i've been told in terms of trying to figure out if people are
really hiding guys on ltir it's just weird like they didn't know about this or they did and they
still gave him four million it's just a confusing situation do you think there's a lot of guys in
the league who just have like various injuries and nicks and abrasions whatever they if anytime they could be going lti yeah they might need surgery they just been putting it off
i mean in a sense of like clingberg i mean maybe he thought that you know with the rest in the
off season that he couldn't could come back and get through it now i think that if you're in his
situation you're just trying to secure any type of bag so you're just trying to pass your physical
just pass the physical get the contract signed because from what we've understood and we've talked to a
lot of people and it seems like 95 are on board at the fact that he might have
one of the biggest bag fumbles in national hockey league history.
From,
from my understanding,
he was offered in the eight times eight range with the Dallas stars.
And remember this was at a time where offensive defensemen and points mattered.
And although maybe his defensive game was never there, I don't think he was as much
of a liability as he looked like in Toronto.
And this isn't to shit on him, but when you're getting that type of money offered to you,
just sign the fucking contract, man.
You're talking about a state with no state tax. So even if you go somewhere else and get eight times nine which keep in mind you couldn't
have because when you go to another team you're only out to get seven years right unless it's a
signing trade unless it's a sign and trade but my god that is just tough if that's the case and he
left that much money on the table, that is just so fucking sad.
That is... If he's off to Robida Island to never be seen
from again, that is just
as sad as it gets.
How lucky is Dallas if he did get offered that?
I hope that he does
come back and play and at least makes another
20 million to make that
bag fumble not as bad, but
oh my God.
I would like to say because you know we're hard on
him right now and it sucks what he's going through yeah it's brutal but there was a there was a time
that guy walking the line opening up the hips and getting every single pass through along with toe
dragging the guy that was coming up top of the umbrella or the diamond it was it was a thing to
be seen it It was beautiful.
It made me harder than the guy in San Fran with the cock ring on.
He was just buzzing.
Ten and two.
Puck to the net.
Puck to the net.
Oh, you take my lane away?
Fake you.
Gone.
Got my lane back.
To the net.
Okay.
He has estimated career earnings for Klingberg A little over 38 million
I don't think we have to shed too many tears
He won't be living in a cardboard box
He won't
Congratulations Victor Hedman
Tampa Bay D probably a future Hall of Famer
Played in his 1000th NHL game
We always like to give these guys a little shine when they do that
This guy he probably plays 78 more years
You think Whit
The level he's at,
his stamina.
That's a lot.
Okay.
Just because he's still
playing at such a high level.
Five more years
sounds very reasonable.
Well, how old is he?
When you say 78 years
and he's been in the league
as long as he has been,
I'm just kind of taken aback,
but I'm not exactly sure
his exact age.
It's also rare to see guys
of his size
have that type of longevity sometimes
because the bigger guys break down
and some people might say,
you fucking idiots, Zidane O'Chara played 2,500 games,
you dummy.
But I...
It doesn't count.
With his, yeah, RA, with his age
and lack of major injury,
I think that he could probably get to 1,500 games.
I wouldn't be shocked if he got there.
Easily 1,300 the way it's going right now.
I mean, how many more years does he have left on his contract?
He's got one more after this one.
I mean, how many Stamkos have played?
He could get to fucking,
he could get to probably 1,300, 1,400
the way he takes care of himself.
That whole roster.
He was injured so many of those years though.
Stamkos is.
And he still is at over a thousand already.
Yeah,
Hedman,
he'll be actually at 33 on next Monday coming up.
December 18th,
he'll be 33.
So see what happens.
Would you guys say that with Stammer not signed as of right now,
that he'll be going to free agency?
I don't think he's back with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Yeah, if it wasn't done by now, I don't think they'd trade him,
but I don't know.
Yeah, I don't think they'd trade him.
Now, granted, he went to free agency just about the last time he signed,
but this one is just way different.
There's got to be some serious resentment on his part
to what's going on there right now.
Especially with the cap going up.
I know that a guy who came over from Detroit,
or not Detroit, Chicago, when they made that trade.
Hagel?
Hagel.
So his money kicks in next year right but you're also getting the four
and a half million coming more on the cap 4.7 whatever they ended up bumping it up who else
is kicking in with a big contract like why like why wouldn't they have the money to afford steven
stamkos would they be giving it to a guy who's you know a potentially pending ufa other than him or even a guy that's a restricted free agent who they have to pay.
It doesn't seem like they can.
So what else are you going to go out there and get
that would probably take a hometown discount to come there and play
that why would you even run the risk?
He fits in perfectly.
How many points does he have right now?
Is he not at a point per game?
He's at 26 points at 26 games this year.
He's a point per game player, and you could probably get him at a at a what like a five times five
you seem to think he's going to be making more than that wit where it's like ah i think i think
with with anyone else he may be but yeah it's i just i i kind of i i have a hard time like saying
what a guy should say yes or no to because it's just so personal and he's done so much there.
But it's just a bizarre scenario to see this season play out
with him no contract next year.
It's just kind of crazy.
And the longer the year goes, the more it's going to get talked about.
So it's a storyline for sure.
I would guess no, though, to your question.
He does not end up back with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
We shall see. All right, boys.
Which means he's back now.
Breaking news.
Favorite weekly segment?
Grind My Gaze. This is more of a
just like, I guess, a cringe.
Cringes My Gaze, the grinding.
Twitter's been a fucker, I've said.
I've been going on Instagram a lot more.
A lot more fun animal videos,
a lot more good shit.
But listen,
white,
white girls on Instagram between the lip syncing and the crying,
they got to cut the shit.
Like,
and the worst part is when you look at one,
the algorithm keeps giving them to you.
And it's like,
don't look at another one.
Don't look at it.
You're obsessed with watching white girls cry.
No,
I'm not.
I mean,
listen,
I'm friends with big deal,
brewing.com slash finder support.
This crazy segment we do every week. It's, it's just, it's so fucking cringe, dude. Like now I'm not I mean listen I'm friends at bigdealbrewing.com slash finder supporting this crazy segment we do
every week it's just it's so fucking
cringe dude like now our friend Mackenzie
she murdered that lip syncing when she did us
our videos a couple years ago
if they were as good as her there'd be no complaints
they're so fucking awful they're like way
off and it's like what's even the point
and then they videotape themselves crying and shit
it's like what the fuck is going on here
let's pump the brakes here for a sec so when you say lip singing you mean lip singing insert insert like a a comedy
clip from a movie or anything and then they just move their lips to whatever it is that was funny
but why why fucking recreate it is what you're saying yeah and well again if they were good at
it 99 of it just awful that they're way off and there's just like no point to it.
All right.
So that can happen.
The voice gets off because when you download something from TikTok, most of the time,
these girls will make these videos in TikTok because that's where the sounds are.
So when you download them from TikTok, I don't know why, but when you repost it to Instagram,
the audio and video are always off a little bit.
So what you're seeing is more a glitch on Instagram,
where if you went on to TikTok,
those voiceovers are pretty spot on.
And it's more just on Instagram.
That's a problem that comes from the downloading of TikTok videos.
I'm more obsessed with the fact that you're like,
so you've gotten roped into watching them cry.
What are percentage wise, what are they crying about?
Dude, that's the thing
they they are they just sit there and they just like who's this creep i can fucking see it's like
no that's the thing they just sit there and like whatever fucking alleged trauma like it's not that
it's like a boyfriend or whatever and it's just the whole recording yourself crying it's just
fucking so strange man i mean i know the fucking world's fucking different now. I don't get it, man.
It's cringy.
But again, I'm fucking
maintaining it because every time you go to it,
the algorithm keeps shitting them at you.
Like the beer videos I always watch.
Your algorithm sounds like the box.
Oh, yeah.
It is a little crazy, but...
I gotta grind my gears. Let's hear it, baby.
Presented by Big Deal Bro.
Dot com slash finder slash Patrick Mahomes.
Oh, what the hell is this guy doing?
I his brother.
Malcontent, disgusting loser.
His wife has driven me crazy in the past.
Spraying of the champagne. kind of annoying, but whatever.
Patrick Mahomes, I was like, this guy's a dog.
Like, this guy, like, you just got to respect him, right?
That was the most embarrassing post-game just production by him,
whether it was the press conference talking about Kelsey being a Hall of Famer
and making a Hall of Fame play and it being ruined because of the offsides call, whether it was greeting of Josh Allen and talking
about how much he just got screwed over and how it was a horrible call, worst call I've ever seen,
talking like a frog. Mincy, buddy, the player on your team lined up offside. He was offside lined up. And they're sitting there saying he was barely
offside. Do you understand the second word being offside? He was offside. There was no reason to
complain. Was it sort of like a chintzy call, I guess you could say? Or maybe I think you'd look
at it and say it happens a lot during the game and i know there was a bills player lined offside the next lined up offside the next play buddy you lost the game because your player
that scored the touchdown was offside and you have made a fool of yourself and the biggest thing about
all of this he's probably been gifted more calls than anyone that team has been gifted more calls
than anyone in the last three four years so pat So Patrick Mahomes, you win with class,
you lose with class.
And if you want to be like he was
at the press conference, one thing,
but when greeting Josh Allen,
when he greeted you at the 50-yard line
when you won that incredible playoff game
a few years back with class and honor,
don't be bitching to the guy you just played against
who got a win.
So that was grinding my gears all Sunday.
I actually have a grind my gears.
Oh, we got a trifecta?
Nice.
No, a grind my gears when a guy complains about a guy who can't admit he's wrong when he didn't do it at the beginning of the podcast is what fucking grinds my gears.
I think I admitted my tweet was wrong immediately off the bat because I didn't watch the second angle because I was so upset and wanted to really get in your kitchen.
I did admit I was wrong.
Guys, we have some more breaking news here.
Oh, my God.
What do we got?
Tell me that Stamp Coast re-signed.
Columbus' Eric Branson has been suspended for one game under Rule 46.2
for an altercation with Florida's Nick Cousins.
I like that.
That's a little,
that's a little pee pee whack and it's from behind and we messed it up.
So we're only going to give you a game.
That's the league saying you did the right thing there,
buddy,
but we got to do something.
Yeah,
basically.
Right.
Yeah.
All right.
All right,
boys.
I got to just a quick shout out.
Shane McGowan of the Pogues.
I don't know if,
what,
if you were a big fan or G Irish band or would listen to a growing up.
He passed away last week. Just an Irish legend uh like the poet laureate of ireland a tremendous
fucking uh musician from the old side and uh uh family friend condolences to the family and
friends of uh david pichet i just want to send those out if you guys any have any other final
notes before we sign off here uh probably my best part ever uh Dummy and wit. It felt fucking amazing. Thank you to all my supporters.
You were due, bro.
Fuck you.
Fuck, R.A., I had a great...
Before you go, Biz, I can't find it.
Something about that Shane McGowan,
apparently like an all-time party boy.
Oh, God, yeah.
These quotes were the fact that he lived to be 30,
let alone 65, was a miracle in itself.
Yeah,
absolutely.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What kind of party stories?
I,
I think like the box on steroids.
Yeah.
A lot of Guinness,
a lot of whiskey,
probably a few other substances as well.
But,
uh,
speaking of stories,
we have a sandbagger this Thursday,
6 PM,
where there are tons of stories,
tons of hockey stories, drinking stories, Bruce Boudreaux stories, everything.
6 p.m. Thursday, Spitting Chicklets YouTube.
Wait, did you catch the funeral blog that I posted?
Yeah, where they sang, is it Fairytale in New York?
When's the last time you saw a song like that?
And people were dancing in the aisles of the church.
It was awesome.
No one celebrates the daily the pot of like the Irish
that's a great Christmas song
alright boys what a show
that was a great show boys I love you guys
I was wrong
his was right
what are you going to do? print the shirts G
I'll be back
I will be back I promise you
peace out Love you all. Put the veil on like a silver pot But then you come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I said she needs a detox To cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something
that crossed the line
and I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one
on the chin, she went below
the bell shift
She had it with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She had it with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
I think we need a deep talk.
We've been so wrong, guys.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
