Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say a drunken speech is just so good. I like to poke the bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch.
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot Hello everybody and welcome to episode 477 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family
What is up gang? Happy New Year to everybody
Some of the Chicklets crew still out here in Seattle, some back east.
So let's go to Whit Dog first.
How was your happy New Year, buddy?
It was phenomenal.
You know, it's been a great, what would I say, 10 days since we last recorded together.
We recorded a little early, so it was a nice little break.
And I know that you guys, you were out in Seattle.
You were doing the thing.
We have so much to talk about.
What an amazing atmosphere that was
At least it seemed that way
Watching it on TV
But you know
We haven't talked in a while
Christmas was great
I talked a lot about
Putting that net together myself
I don't know if you guys remember me
Mentioning that
A little bit
So around 1am right
You know you start putting together the net
Finding your home
You get everything set up
They put together the net
Your boy Whit didn't put together the net In the room that the net had finding your home, you get everything set up, they put together the net. Your boy, Witt, didn't
put together the net in the room that the net
had to go in, and when I went to put it
in the room, it didn't fit.
So just an all-time asshole
moved by a guy who, you know,
should have never tried to do it on his own to begin
with.
I had to, like, take the
back of the net off. There's a middle bar on
the net, so if that wasn't there, it would have been okay.
Hell of a net though.
Show no bower.
This net is a beast.
So then I had to like kind of break it to get it in.
So now it's kind of mangled,
but for a six-year-old who shoots it maybe three miles per hour,
I think it'll be okay to go.
But just, I'll send you the picture.
The fact of the matter is like that when I went to put it through the doorframe
to get into the little hockey room, I wanted to puke.
I just about puked.
So that was a kick in the dick.
But then in the morning, it was a blast.
You know, I remember my father and my mother kind of like filming us with the old school recorders coming down the stairs.
And it was a little fake because you'd already come down about 5 a.m.
But, you know, I ended up getting the camera and following following the kids behind and they actually hadn't been downstairs yet so kind of memories
that that'll last a lifetime for for my wife and i and just seeing how fired up they were and
it was it was a great holiday and then pretty much hung out all week then all of a sudden it turns
into like oh my god they're not in school for a week we're not going anywhere we were maybe going
to go snowing there's no snow in the northeast it doesn't snow anymore so we were stuck in the house and i said holy shit when
does school start again this is unbelievable what the hell is wrong with these kids why are they
acting like this but then came along shout out to all the teachers out there oh you teachers do
such a magnificent job say what what an amazing group of people you teachers are.
I won't get it.
Even the ones that crush their students.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The old Jerry Thornton blogs.
And then New Year's Eve. New Year's Eve was so
fun. Talk about
flashbacks and memories.
So I have a really close group of friends
here, and Brian Yandel is one of them.
And his middle son, Colin,
he made the Catholic Memorial varsity hockey team.
He's only in eighth grade.
So we saw that when their schedule came out,
they had a three o'clock game against Arlington High,
which is a really good public high school program
where kids aren't leaving the town.
They're playing for the town they grew up in in high school.
So a bunch of our friends went to the
game. Colin played awesome. He's buzzing around. He's playing. Third period, he's out there every
other shift. CM comes back. They tie it up 2-2. And then all my friends, including the Yandel boys
and all these people came over for New Year's Eve. So it was just so fun. I remember being in high
school and going to Brian's games when he was on CM before he went to Cushing Academy and all of a sudden I'm there watching his middle son like it was just it was just all these memories
are flashing back to your time playing high school hockey which is the best time ever I mean
I know Canadians have junior and stuff like that but American kids I think for the most part high
school hockey a lot of times it's the last hockey you'll ever play it was just a blast to be a part
of and then that night we had all the kids like rider they're up until midnight watching the ball drop my wife at
8 50 she said hey at nine o'clock let's do a fake ball drop for all the kids i'm like you think
that's gonna happen in 10 minutes there's 30 kids at the house and um i said no no we'll do it at
10 next thing you know midnight we're blowing the horns kids are going crazy so yesterday was uh just hang out and watch the
winter classic and then watch that amazing roll ball uh rose bowl game it was just a total chill
day in the whitney household but a phenomenal 10 days off a lot of memories made a lot of funny
things that went down around the house with the kids and all my friends so it was a blast it was
a blast i kind of wished i was out there once i saw the game yesterday how great of an atmosphere
it looked like but it was also good to kind of wished I was out there once I saw the game yesterday, how great of an atmosphere it looked like.
But it was also good to kind of recharge the batteries at home
as you guys did all the heavy lifting.
As far as Brian Yandel's kid.
Now, Brian Yandel, and no disrespect to Keith,
he was the more skilled player of the two, right?
That's what even Keith will tell you.
It just so happens he had a body like a milk bag,
and Keith was a little bit more athletic,
so he was able to go on and have this illustrious nhl career where brian played i think at the
highest level the ahl he played a few games with works for scranton i know he played in the for
the phoenix roadrunners when they were like in the old bar downtown but echl all-star nonetheless
and an incredible college player so his kid has been giving that given that
type of skill set as well yes and and brian was just one of the silkiest players you've ever seen
i think he was a two-time first team all-american at unh like he would tell you yourself if he could
have skated a little bit better he would have had a legit chance but his skill and his vision and
everything was always just on another level.
Colin, his middle son, he just put him back to D last year.
So I didn't know that.
I was super impressed.
He has the vision like Brian.
Actually, his oldest son, Brian, plays at Cushing Academy.
He got the call-up.
As you're listening to this Wednesday,
called up to the varsity A team will be his first game.
He's only a sophomore at Cushing.
So obviously he's got the genetics of having kids.
He's got another son, Liam, going to the Quebec tournament
in a couple months or in a month.
So the Yandel hockey-ness, it all starts from Buddy Yandel,
a hell of a player, great player back in the day.
And I think that all the kids are kind of the same.
So yeah, Keith's the most recognizable one,
but Brian was skilled as shit.
Would it be safe to say that you think that all three of them at least get to NCAA Division I hockey?
It's hard to say.
I wouldn't even know how to answer that.
It's such a crapshoot now, and so much can happen from age 14 to 18.
Like, it's like, Merle's line's the best.
Talk to me after girls and booze is
introduced and then we'll see who the players are right people think they're 10 year old this star
is destined to be a first round pick it's like buddy we haven't hit puberty they haven't met
girls and they've never had a drink so slow the roll down here you mean matt murley the biggest
villain in the in the province of British Columbia right now?
They got wanted posters up in downtown and Yale town for fucking Merle's head on a platter.
There was no chance of Merle's thought.
And we'll get into what he said in a little bit about Elias Pettersson somehow becoming a Chicago Blackhawk.
There was no chance he thought that that was going to blow up like that.
He said that off the cuff and boom, Vancouverouver his phone's bugged over there so he lives
in the same city as elias petterson does like that's where merles lives in sweden
yeah i think that's where he grew up i don't know if he still lives there okay so so basically he
he heard this rumor from the guy down the street making pastries that Elias Pedersen is shipping off to Chicago.
And keep in mind, isn't Pedersen restricted, a restricted free agent?
Yeah.
I think Merle's has better sources than we think.
Merle's usually doesn't put this shit out there.
He was right about Monty.
He like, he doesn't throw this shit at the wall.
Like he's not, he's not as much a rumor boy as me and you are biz.
Like he's pretty connected.
So I, I, I, I'm just a little bit disgusted and i i
don't know if we're going to get into it later or right now i might as well get into it right now
i think this is a ploy to disrupt the vancouver canucks in the incredible first half of the
season they've had i don't know what vendetta merles has against the vancouver canucks i don't
think he has one biz i don't think he has one i i know i I see a dark twinkle in Merle's eye,
and for the first time in his media career,
he's turning into a villain, and he likes it.
He's turning into the bane of podcasts.
He's got the mask on over there.
He likes the chaos.
As much as Merle wants to be this big sweetheart,
I just like drinking beer and playing craps and getting the boys into trouble at 4 a.m.
and then losing our blouses
and then stumbling back to the room as if R. if ra wasn't the only guy on the podcast doing it
no merles has become a podcast villain and that was the start of it all that's my opinion i just
want one more question about the chaos in your household for christmas how does the gift unwrapping
go do you say hey rider now it's your turn to go up and unwrap a gift and
then everyone pays attention oh cool you clap and then okay why it's your turn or is it just like
all right release the hounds it's not released the hounds it's not released the hound rider does one
why it does one but it's not one of those like hour-long sessions either where you're like
talking and going over every gift i mean to be completely truthful they were probably interested in maybe three percent of what they got
and it turns out the things that you don't even think will even matter like end up being the big
hit like riders all into soldiers we got him a costume like a soldier costume that was like
number one so and then wyatt he wanted all these like hockey guys and these
little cars with eyeballs he calls them my eyeball cars my eyeball cars they're from the movie cars
well he ended up being into the new backpack we bought him for school so it was just one of those
things you never know what's gonna hit oh and let me get ahead of something else I gifted myself my
ping-pong machine and by gifting myself, I mean I'd had it for a month,
but I didn't know how to set it up because I'm such a joke.
So my father-in-law, Dave, came over and he set it up on Christmas.
And I released the video.
Bing, bing, bing, bing.
Which also, mind you, I played my first opponent, non-family member opponent,
and lost on New Year's Eve in a two out of three.
Lost both games in a row.
I think I'm worse in one-on-one matches since I've been using the machine.
Don't know how to explain it. It's like
being a Ranger Rick in golf where you
stripe it on the range and you get in the course and you
hit everything out of bounds like biz.
But in the end, I'm now struggling
in one-on-one ping pong matches even though
my machine game is tight. Well, I
posted the video and Ryder's
in the video. He's just watching me.
I let Ryder do the whole internet communities,
all of it.
Let your kid play, including you, Biss.
Let your kid play.
I gave him more turns than me.
It just so happened he was very intently watching
my film session that I wanted to tweet out.
And then I took the brunt of the internet
saying I'm a shitbag dad.
So didn't appreciate that mean and uncalled for
on Christmas.
Yeah, wit LeVar Ball Whitney.
When's Ryder going to come out with his own shoe?
He's going to have a ping pong paddle with a pink Whitney logo on it
and hopefully he'll pay for his college.
Oh, so good.
It is fun going to high school games.
I went out last week to St. Mary's.
A couple of my buddy's kids play. Mikey McLaughlin, Patrick Lady. They is fun going to high school games. I went out last week to all the cast. For St. Mary's of Linden.
A couple of my buddy's kids play.
Mikey McLaughlin, Patrick Lady.
They're on the MC team.
But it's just great to go back to old school.
I mean, I obviously didn't play when I was a kid,
but it's just fun to have that atmosphere with the fans.
No, you play hoops.
All that shit.
Yeah.
Hey, also, oh, the other thing from the CM game.
So Mike Motto, who's a former Hobie Baker winner,
and he's Brian Yandel's partner on the Rink Shrinks podcast.
His brother, Rob, his son's a senior on CM. So I was just catching up with him talking and
unbelievably, this kid, when he was 14 years old, started a landscaping company, right? Where he
had like five houses in his hometown of Avon, Massachusetts. Now the kid's going into it. He's
a senior in high school. He's got 60 clients in all
these different towns. The kid's absolutely killing it. Grass cutting, weeding, all this stuff.
Realistically, the kid could not go to college and then go even full bore into this thing and
set him up for life. It's just amazing to see what younger kids with work ethic can do and set
them up. Just an unreal story of a young kid starting on his own
and now he's crushing it at 18 years old so i was forced to have jobs when i was younger like
whether it was a paper out when i was early days i mean i've already told the story about i mean i
shit my pants on my paper out and finish my paper out if you kids want to learn about work ethic
that's having a heart right that's what i'm saying business some brown stuff
i was like for some reason i was talking the other day
with the ends about it and he actually shit his pants when he was doing his paper he used to do
it on rollerblades and there was a spot where he could like jump up and always clear but he had he
had to shit but for whatever reason he didn't not do the jump that he normally done did along the
route and so he like did this huge leap and as he finished in like the jump squat position he just completely blew out his jeans and i think he was going commando at the time
and oh buddy so he he got back kind of like me put the the i ended up stuffing my shitty underwear
at the bottom of the hamper instead of just throwing them in the garbage like how surprised
you didn't put it one of the papers little shitty surprise in the sports section but then again you have more than one pair of
underwear but as yans brought up he's like buddy when you're younger like you don't have many pairs
of jeans right like i wasn't a i don't think any of us were spoiled kids where when you're what 12
years old you have like i don't know seven in your closet. So he needed these carpenter jeans
for wherever he was going next
to do something that you need jeans on.
To go skateboarding with his airwalks.
He put them in the hamper as well.
So I think his older sister
had a bunch of her girlfriends over at the time
and they were all just sitting around the kitchen table
and his dad came in and he goes,
hey, idiot, next time you shit your pants, let me know so i don't stuck my hand in the fucking
washer bin and i'd fucking touch your shit and he said he said he was mortified he's never been so
embarrassed in his life he ended up just putting his putting his bowl of cereal in the fucking
sink and then beelined out of there so sure enough me and yans had our own shit in our pants story doing our paper out but back to the work ethic thing is buddy a lot of these kids end up
racking up all this student loan they don't know their lives are in shambles before they even get
out of college and they don't even end up using the degree that they went and got go do something
like starting a landscaping company get start getting clients early on even when you're in high school as a summer job then you end up all right yeah trade school but i heard a stat that
for every seven trades that are retiring there's only one replacing them now now listen the internet
could be a fucked up place and give you bunk stats but to find good trades nowadays it's
fucking nearly impossible and these guys because
they're such a demand they also run their business and then they do these side cash jobs most of them
are probably pulling in 200k a year and part of which is cash so just going back to your point
with like finding not only that work ethic but fucking not racking up the student loan not
knowing what you're gonna fucking do with it so Boomer Biz over here just figured he should chime in
about the kid's work ethic.
No, I respect that, Biz.
That was the grind my gears for today's pod, by the way.
Okay, fair enough.
There we go.
Biz, did you do anything exciting on New Year's Eve?
I know we kind of saw you earlier tonight.
I know we got separated.
There was not much going on for us.
No, I was in bed at 10.30.
I was pretty gassed because we had that appearance in Seattle,
and I don't know if we want to get into it now.
I had a great time in Cabo over the break uh but then uh you know got got three rounds of
golf in with my buddy eric how'd you play dude i was okay i shot 87 88 keep in mind that the course
isn't as long as what we normally play it's a little bit little bit shorter but it was nice
like if you hit a key shot 230 yards you're a 150
yard approach shot so that's
like a par 4 it was just a nice
time playing getting out in the sun
Cabo was a great time have you ever been to
Cabo? Yeah I went to Cabo
on the
it would have been Olympic break
in 2014
and I remember
Sam Gagne was there Taylor Hall came right after he got stepped on by
cory potter with that vicious scar he had on his forehead it was right after that and my buddy ned
and my buddy donley they came with me and we had an absolute blast dude we had i i was i loved that
place it was awesome probably since you've been it's probably like doubled if not tripled in size the amount of people that are moving uh you go to the airport the amount of private jets
so from a per capita standpoint most most billionaires with residencies so the the amount
of michelin star restaurants that it had the amount of unbelievable resorts that it's had
it's just really popped off i don't go towards the chaos where it's like actually like the Cabo San Lucas part
where every dude's offering you cocaine on the side of the road.
You know, you don't want to fly to the moon.
I stay on the San Jose side where they have Porto Los Cabos.
And it's just they got their own little vibe kicking up there more so
in all these little private communities.
So I hung out at that side.
They had their like private beach in the one area and got a little bit of RR.
But then on the 29th, it was off to Seattle.
And boys, I would say that this is probably this will go down as my favorite winter classic to date.
Nothing against Boston.
No, it was just the people like not to say they weren't friendly in Boston, but I just feel like they were actually extra friendly here where they just were craving this sort of event and the amount of Alaskans that
I met over the last four days like even so so for the NHL to throw this event in the Pacific
Northwest where they have this new team and the amazing fan base that they've created people from
Alaska in the wintertime it's a little depressing they're getting like two three hours of sunlight they don't have a pro sports team anymore because the Alaska Aces left they do have college
teams and stuff like that but they don't get this type of thing so for them to pop over I think it's
a maybe a two three hour flight and they came out in droves and the representation that the state of
Alaska had as far as the hockey community it was was just, it was awesome to see. And starting with the event that we had on our first night at the press box
with like,
I thought it was going to be kind of one of these very chill laid back
winter classics.
Like,
Oh,
okay.
Maybe not as chaotic as Boston,
buddy.
It was the sports fans.
It was crazy,
but it,
the lie,
they had to cut off the line at one point.
It was,
it was,
it was,
I thought it would be laid back there, too,
and you ended up getting pounced on, huh?
Pounded.
That's awesome.
Pounded.
I think every other person in line was handing R.A. a bag of something.
R.A. went from the most sober guy in the world from the start of the,
where we had to basically keep him standing up by the end of it.
R.A., yes, no?
Yeah.
I mean, it was tough to get it tough to get
a cocktail in there so i had to whack back a couple guys what do you call it uh high noons
at a time but no i woke up with with a fucking forest in my pocket the next day like and we
didn't even set put the bat signal like oh we need weed at seattle there's plenty of it people
just super generous like they just you know had a bunch of like one uh what free rolls oneys
whatever they hooked us up big time so didn't even have to go to the dispensary.
That's pretty much the truth.
Biz, how was Marshawn Lynch?
Seems like the man.
The man.
Just an absolute character.
And I had no clue until I got here that he was actually given part ownership of the team.
And I was like, I didn't know that.
How did that happen?
He said that he got invited to this mob-style dinner at an Italian restaurant,
and they were eating a smorgasbord of pasta and lobster.
And then all of a sudden, the word ownership popped up,
and he was like, what?
I could be a part owner on a hockey team here?
And not have to pay into it?
I think that it's just basically he represents
and was given a small chunk of it.
So, I mean, obviously a minority owner,
there's 12 owners for the Seattle crack and I didn't realize how many they
had.
So a little bit different than Foley situation in Vegas where he's got
majority stake,
if not all stake in that,
in that team.
So,
but he said,
man,
I was asking him,
I said,
you've had so many iconic moments in Seattle and amazing memories
that you've created for this city. Cause they, they love him. Like he's probably the most beloved.
Maybe you could put each row up there because he'd spent so long, Ken Griffey and all those guys,
but you know, he's probably the most well-known as of late. And, uh, I said like, if you could
recreate one moment and he said, honestly, man, he goes, those are in the past. I think the best
is yet
to come the fact that i'm a black kid from oakland and i have ownership in a hockey team in seattle
to me is one of my greatest achievements and he said that you know i think the best is ahead of
us and if we could bring a stanley cup here he said that that would be his his biggest achievement
that he's ever accomplished in his life so i was like holy fuck dude i was getting a little
emotional as he was saying this and so no no discussion about the one yard line you left
left that no i didn't want to i just i didn't know if because the the energy was so good and
it was so positive like i didn't know if that would set him off as you he's just yeah all of
a sudden a right turn and i i got a grill like him but um We'll have all that coming out, Biz, too,
in the Chicklets TV episode.
You guys had a long chat.
You guys had great chemistry.
I said by the end of it, I'm like,
they're going to start their own podcast together.
He was loving you.
So it'll all be in the Chicklets TV episode.
And so, I mean, it was great to talk to him
for about 12 to 15 minutes,
but as you know, Marchand likes the weed just like R.A.
and probably even more so half the
discussion was us going through hockey terms and he was relating back to marijuana okay okay
but the good news is is the nhl and working with them they allowed the chicklets cameras to be
behind the scenes with us so you'll be able to see most of that on the vlog on the spit and
chicklets youtube is uh as grinnell mentioned so we had some fun stuff
going on with buoy the whole weekend and uh and i have a question about that so there's no chance
like you didn't break one of his ribs when you jumped on him like have you been have you been
served or like have you been notified by the police yet because that guy's probably mangled
like there's a human inside and an amber herd and uh what's the other guy
johnny johnny depp legal battle right now hitting each other back with restraining it's getting
ugly like i might i might never financially recover from this as the tiger king once like
you jumped on you hit him with the cold shoulder one of the best reverse hits i've ever seen it
was like it was like what kaprizov did to dylan before he then cross-checked him and injured him.
But then to jump on top of him, he broke a rib and he's going to get sued because there's a little human in there that's probably sweating his balls off.
I know from being the Orlando Solar Bears guy.
And then to get like a giant 215-pounder landing on you, like I would probably be calling the police as well.
I misperformed the people's elbow. I thought it was a whole body check it was just supposed to be the elbow so once i landed on him and realized
that it was his sternum i felt a little bit bad but considering that he'd been stalking me and
hanging out outside the hotel and just being the anarchist that this troll they've created is, I didn't feel that bad.
So this will continue.
It's not over.
He's already tweeted that out.
I would say that round one goes to me.
Oh, by a landslide.
By a landslide.
I mean, it was nice to finally get a W
after Bettman roasted me on the panel
and then everything that has happened over the past week
with Butch goring coming
coming back alive after five days of complete silence now is he running his own twitter account
i i don't know the shitting on you part made me think like it's got to be a ghost writer
like to say i don't wear underwears because i'd rather shit on your chest is like that's so
fucked up for like an old guy to say, I feel like maybe from a younger generation,
you'd be like,
all right,
yeah,
he's into the Cleveland steamer,
but Butch Goring dropping that.
I think he's got a ghostwriter now.
And I feel like a younger person though,
when is,
has that like,
fuck,
I can't put this on the internet.
An old guy is like,
I'm it's the internet,
whatever.
It'll get deleted tomorrow.
Like they don't know.
I like Butch.
I also don't see Butch Goring having like a publicist type.
Like, you know, these old school guys don't do the publicist.
They speak for themselves.
I know.
You can grab a nephew who's like into the RA stuff off the ice and just tweet for me.
But then he would probably understand how to quote tweet and work it properly where he doesn't really know.
But yet it's still I think I think the I don't wear diapers
because I'd rather shit on you all the time
has over 2 million.
So he is just firing off tweets like a bad guy.
I don't think it's phony, too.
I've been told he's genuinely not too thrilled that you're pissed, too.
It's not a put-on.
I mean, he is an older guy.
I don't think older guys boomers,
they don't really know how to joke around on the internet.
I don't think so.
I don't think this is a put-on from mean, he is an older guy. I don't think older guys boomers, they don't really know how to joke around on the internet. I don't think so. I don't think this is a put on from his side, for sure.
Are the Islanders playing
in those outdoor games in
New York? Yeah.
We'll see him, Miz.
We'll definitely run into him.
I think I got
to go Bowie style and
troll him and follow him around
and to the point where maybe i get the
restraining order slapped on me he might just grab a big bag of papers like he's on a paper route like
you used to just shit on you instead of in his own pants while doing the daily newspaper yeah
a lot of shit talk this podcast a lot of shit talk boys before we do dive into the game we do
want to thank our friend wayne gretzky uh last week for the surprise christmas drop hopefully everybody enjoyed that as much as we enjoyed
doing it uh seemed like i i can't believe we were able to keep a secret that long nobody knew about
it so big thanks to wayne once again was nice to bumping him down here as well that story though
of him in the basement with the russians and his buddy local buddy holding up the kgb so the russian
dudes could have a couple pops i I saw a bunch of tweets.
I was dying.
It's like, so Wayne ended the Cold War.
That's how it went down, folks.
All Wikipedia and history books will change now.
Wayne Gretzky ended the Cold War in Russia.
Don't get started about, don't ask Wayne about the history books,
because that's what RA did in our little New Year's Eve dinner.
Starts grilling him about the Civil War questions.
Next thing you know, Wayne O's out of there.
He did it again.
He did it again.
I was waiting for R.A. to make this up.
You made him leave again?
No.
Twice.
I knew Grinnelly was going to make this story up and pretend that's what happened.
Not at all.
Ask Keith.
Ask Keith.
Keith said it.
Wait a minute, R.A.
Don't listen to him.
I didn't chase him away.
And now you're bringing up the politics?
Who are you going to believe?
Do you think I actually chased him away?
He stumped me on a trivia question, and then I asked him and Keith one,
and I stumped both of them.
And Wayne was doubting my answer, and then he kind of gave me one of those. I didn't chase him away.
He didn't leave because I stumped him on a trivia question.
I will say it was a great trivia question.
Can I try to get it?
Can I try to get it?
Yeah, let's do this.
The one I've stumped a million people on.
The two NHL nicknames that are inspired by the Civil War.
The one is a very obvious one.
And then the other one people usually don't get.
Okay.
Maybe not so obvious.
So there's two.
I'm assuming it's the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Easy. That's the easy one. Yep. So there's two. I'm assuming it's the Columbus Blue Jackets. Easy.
That's the easy one.
Yep.
And the other one.
East Conference or Western Conference?
Don't even give them a clue.
See, I wouldn't give them hints until they finally couldn't get it.
Then when I gave them hints, Wayne guessed right.
And then he's like, no, sir.
I was like, no, it really is.
I'm not making it up why this team was named what they were.
I certainly wasn't making anything up.
But I did stop in both.
We can get back to it if you want to mull it over for a minute.
Just tell them the answer.
Just tell them the answer.
All right.
Calgary Flames.
They were based in Atlanta.
Atlanta Flames.
They were famously, the city of Atlanta famously burned down during either the Civil War or the War of 1812.
One of those wars.
I think it was the Civil War.
And yeah, the city was burned down.
So if that was the question
and then he left after that, I can't
say that that's R.A. running him out of town.
Yeah, but when R.A. starts talking about
the War of 1812 and stuff like that.
Yeah, that's R.A.
brought out a musket.
I know nothing about the War of 1812.
All right, dude, I gotta go to bed here.
Do you know how to pack this powder?
He's halfway through this forest that was in his pocket.
So it's not like it's an articulate conversation.
Yeah, yeah.
It's like, I must get fucked.
I was pretty much dead sober.
Huberto can't score like the Southern losers.
But he is a better passer than you.
Fucking goons.
Let's get into the game.
And Joey frigging Decord.
Holy shit.
Unbelievable.
Very first shout out in a win.
The classic, the Boston boy.
Three nothing win by Seattle.
Let's go to you first.
I know you were talking about this guy in the chat earlier.
What do you know about Joey? He's a local kid, but we didn't hear too much about him. So, yeah, he's been on this win by Seattle. Whit, let's go to you first. I know you were talking about this guy in the chat earlier. What do you know about Joey?
He's a local kid, but we didn't hear too much about him
until he's been on this run with Seattle.
So I don't know that much about him,
but in reading more and talking to his agent, Jerry Buckley,
it's a crazy story, right?
I mean, this is a kid who was there for the beginning of Arizona State hockey.
He got to experience that team becoming D1
and turning into what is now an amazing place to
play with their new arena. And then he's basically grinded for everything he's ever got. I heard
McCann being interviewed after and just saying he doesn't take anything for granted because he's
had to work for everything. He hasn't not a high draft pick like myself, given starts, given games,
let's see what you can do. We'll throw you out till you fail. No, this kid has had to do every single thing on his own. His dad's actually the goalie coach at BU. Great guy,
Brian Decord. He's had a very successful kind of goalie training program in Massachusetts for a
long time. And so I think having a dad that knew what he was doing probably obviously helped the
kid growing up. But I think being such a late bloomer and now being a part of this Seattle
team who, don't forget, Grubauer has not worked out there he's making a ton of dough
he's injured well Drieger is also making three and a half so like no one would have thought going
into this season that the corner be there saving their season because right now they're 7-0 and 2
in their last nine they've now won five in a row and it's all in the backs of him he's playing
incredible I think a big part of it is last year, he went on that amazing run with Coachella.
They got to game seven overtime of the Calderon Cup, man.
They deserve to get a win.
His save percentage in goals against was phenomenal throughout the AHL playoff run,
and it's just cool to see someone that comes out of nowhere in a sense, right?
You're so used to the big prospects, and all of a sudden, you're're looking at a fan base and they're checking out who they have coming up and no one's thinking of
anything to do with joey decord and now he's there and he's just he's making the most out of an
opportunity that not many people thought he would even get so to see him go in and get the first
shutout in the history of the outdoor classic or the winter classic and then be so like genuine
after when he's talking about how much he
appreciates being there.
It's just a really cool story.
And,
and,
and forget the story and his career arc and how,
how it's going.
Seattle's getting going again.
They were trash and they still have a long way to go,
but without him,
I don't know if they're even talking about possibly making the playoffs.
Now they could kind of set their sights on continuing this run and trying to
get in the mix a little bit more. Yeah. So, I so i mean not a not a great start to the season for them and i would
have wrote them off like other than this 10 game stretch that they've been on and since he's taken
over since grubauer's injury i want to say he's nine and one before the end of the game because
we were talking about the stats in the midst of the broadcast, 1.71 goals against average in that stretch,
and a 9.45 save percentage.
So he's just been on this absolute tear, right?
And like you said, without him,
I don't think that they're within striking distance of that wild card.
As they sit right now, they're one point out of a playoff spot.
Keep in mind, though, they have dealt with injuries.
The Burakovsky was not in the lineup.
That's a huge power forward piece two-time
stanley cup champion with that leadership in the locker room uh eberly went down with like a
laceration at some point he didn't miss like a crazy amount of time and then um mccann missed
some time mccann missed some time and then schwartz who's another guy who's won a stanley cup and a
bit of a honey badger but i think just overall with this little run they've been on and with them getting their guys back healthy and starting to find that rhythm
of having that for that four second line mentality where you can just roll out these waves and waves
and waves and maintain that pace of play like shift in shift out man I mean I had them making
playoffs in the beginning of the year I was doubting that after that horrible start. But buddy, they're fucking looking good.
And as far as he's concerned, Decord, cool to hear all the chants.
He said that he'd been getting some chants at the Climate Pledge Arena.
But to get it an arena three, four times the size of that at the outdoor game,
that's a memory he's never going to forget.
He was saying, Biz, he was saying like they were writing about how there's never been a shout. He was saying, he was saying like,
they were writing about how there's never been a shout out
in one of these games.
And he was mentioning like
the sight lines are so different
with not having the fans
right against the glass.
So that at the beginning
was a little confusing.
And then also the whole like,
there's a chance,
you know,
Eichel hit the post,
whoever hit the post,
and then you don't hear the reaction
for like two to three seconds.
So I think at the beginning of the game,
it's probably pretty awkward for goalies.
Maybe one of the reasons nobody's ever pitched a shutout.
But the save he made late in the third on Eichel, dude,
like what an absolute stamp on that game by him.
Because at that point, it was over.
Unfortunately, the game wasn't too exciting.
It was still fun to watch because of the whole atmosphere.
But the game was whatever.
But then, you know, you want him to get that shutout.
He robs Eichel with a sick glove save. it was like the perfect way to end it for him but it was just
impressive to kind of see how appreciative he was after about the crowd support like you tell it
meant a lot to him oh big time and then uh i i texted greg powers as his coach at asu and in
his first ever game in college hockey they played at Notre Dame and he got shelled for nine
and after the second Prowers came up to him he said hey do you want to come out and he's like
fuck no and that's just kind of that like that Vasilevsky type mentality where it's like no I'm
not fucking bailing out on my teammates sure as shit two years later he ends up leading him to
their first ever tournament bid where that was the first time that ASU had ever been in the NCAA
Frozen Four tournament I don't know I don't know how far they went in that one but you mentioned ever tournament bid where that was the first time that asu had ever been in the ncaa frozen four
tournament i don't know i don't know how far they went in that one but you mentioned like the it's
kind of fitting like this this new nhl franchise and kind of reviving its season where you had this
you know non-traditional hockey market ncaa team where he helped bring him and revive him to that
you know the tournament for the first time so time. So it's a really cool story.
I hope it keeps going.
And, you know, you saw the magical run they had last year
coming one goal away from the conference finals
in only the second year of creation.
Well, who knows, man?
Maybe Joey Decord's the answer,
and he goes on this insane, magical run
where with goalies, I mean, was it Scott Layton the one year?
Michael Layton.
Michael Layton.
Or Michael Layton with the Flyers.
How many times have we seen just a goalie come out of nowhere
and save a team's season and then go on a run?
The Hamburglar.
Remember the Hamburglar?
The Hamburglar.
Dude, how about when Fleury got injured the year we went to the Cup Finals
and lost to Detroit, the team I was on,
Ty Conklin comes in and for 30 games,
I think just went on a complete tear.
Goaltending is so bizarre.
We've talked about it all year.
Every team needs one.
Now,
third,
the third string goalies that they don't even really have,
but all of a sudden guys are coming up that were third of the depth chart.
They're saving team seasons.
It's the most bizarre position.
You can't really plan ahead because every
guy we see have a good year and sign a deal it's like all of a sudden the next year half of them
are playing like shit so it's just a crap shoot but um the other thing i took away from the game
and edzo and uh kenny and and bush were talking about it adam larson on seattle might be one of
the most underrated defensemen in the league i was i was chatting with him at that we were at a bar last night called what is it queen's alley good guy on buddy their their team that's
that's one of the other things i was going to mention never underestimate a group of guys that
loves each other and just have a great group they were all out celebrating maddie benears beauty
vince dunn man missile beauty leading the fucking team and scoring as a D-man. Talk to Adam Larson, Gru Bauer, Oleksiak.
These guys are just fucking great dudes,
and they love each other,
and they love playing for one another.
Yamamoto's another one,
but I'll hand it back over,
and I'll get into that stuff after.
No, you're so impressed.
The size of Larson,
he's never going to put up a ton of points,
but defensively, a true top four,
and he's playing with Vince Dunn, and they're they're just those two together i think they're playing together
right biz i think for part of the game at least the parts that i were when i was not uppercut and
buoy and and and trying to avoid him as much as possible but an awesome an awesome player shut
down d-man and and i think like having him there makes a huge difference and also their team well this
year hasn't gone as they'd hoped but last year was this amazing run beating Colorado they have
like eight kids I think in the world juniors their prospect pool is phenomenal that's not even
including Shane Wright who's taken his time that's okay we've talked about that he's not going to get
rushed up to the NHL but it is a super bright future for the Kraken. And then to hear you say about how much the fans love the team
and how much the city's buying in, it's an awesome story
and another example of a new NHL team just thriving immediately.
We got a chance to hang out with Burakovsky and Tanev Turbo.
Brandon Tanev, he's one of the fucking biggest beauties
behind the scenes in the National Hockey League.
If he was in a bigger market,
you guys would see his personality flourish even more.
But I think he's the emotional.
How did Pittsburgh get rid of that guy?
He's the emotional.
Did they have to?
Or was it?
I think they put him up for the draft.
Yeah, he's the sandpaper they could definitely use right now.
But they got him and Yamamoto on the fourth line line so we're talking about a team that has depth and that was another
cool story so yamamoto obviously wanted to go back to the oilers they gave him his opportunity
he was a first rounder there loved it there but when he knew that wasn't going to be a reality
he told his agent do everything in your power to bring me back to my home home state right because
he played down the
road in spokane that's where he's from and i got to meet his old man oh my god his old man's a
fucking beauty too he was the fucking drunkest guy at that queen's queen's alley or wherever
we were but not he's on ra's couch in his hotel room right now not in an ra way just being an
absolute beauty with the greasiest goatee you've ever seen in your life and so to for him to
for to say that and to get to come back and and play where really his heart is that's another
cool story that i found from the game too so i'm i'm finding myself super obsessed with the seattle
team all of a sudden and all it took was for me to come to this outdoor winter classic and and
kind of get to know what the bread and butter of this team is did you see the prank that maddie
beneas played on Lawson?
I guess his girlfriend or his wife was cutting his hair recently,
and while they were doing it, she took a picture of him with a wicked bowl cut.
He looked like dumb and dumb in there.
Benitez got a copy of it and made T-shirts for the whole team.
So when he walked to the room, every guy in the locker room had a T-shirt
with Lawson with an ugly bowl cut picture on it.
And Benitez, it's been a little bit of a struggle, right?
The old sophomore slump thing is pretty legit in the NHL. And I think you could see his second half kind of
explode. If this team gets going, all of a sudden it's been a slow start. He didn't score his first
10 or 11 games, maybe more. So I think second half, you're going to see a different Baneers,
the one closer to last year. And that would just propel this offense even more so i love hearing like this is the coolest thing about these winter
classics and as they maybe get old for viewers on tv we've always said they're made for the people
that are at the game and like just you guys getting out there for the first time chicklets
has been been in seattle and like being all into the team and the fan base it's a great thing so
i'm rooting for him to get it going um as far as benears too just
quickly ra like but you're you know they we talk about the having four second lines they don't
really have that you know kopitar that was there for him to kind of be groomed by so all of a sudden
i mean in that division you're being thrown to the wolves as that first line center being in your
second year we're talking about look at look at the centermen that the vegas golden knights have so you're playing a game like that even if you're getting the third
line matchup as maddie benears you can't disappear and get a four la la uh how about fucking the
oilers i mean how about vancouver now so the list goes on and on and on and how deep and powerful
the western conference is i mean colorado i know they're in the other division but i mean it's a
tough tough tough tough lineup to escape.
So as far as Matty, I agree with you.
I think he's going to have a big second half,
but I mean, give the kid a little breathing room here.
He's only in his second year,
and he's going up against these monsters night in and night out.
Yeah, from the fan perspective, Biz, I thought everything was great.
The weather was perfect.
They had the roof open.
What is it?
The retractable roof.
And people, gee, what were they in line? Like two hours
before the game, there had to be tens of thousands of people
in line just waiting to get in the building, I think, just
to take in the atmosphere. You can tell, like you said earlier,
people are genuinely happy to hear it. Every
time they come up to me or Pasha, gee,
you having a good time? Is everything great? Like they were
making sure that we were having a good time. Here, take this water.
Here, try a water. Put in this IV.
Hey, um,
the other thing was, so it might have been, um, it was right after Christmas, like 27th, 28th.
The outdoor game I played in in Buffalo was on TV.
I'm like, Ryder, come here.
This is me.
I swear to God, I played in the NHL.
Come here.
He said, this is so slow.
I'm like, yeah, no shit.
But the funny thing was, around the arena then, it was like you could see all the wooden planks,
and you could see it just didn't have what it now looks like yesterday
with the ship, and they're all walking around the wooden ship.
They got the fake Kraken monster in the background.
They got the little rink for the kids.
It was like on TV what it's turned into.
And granted, that was 14 years ago now,
but it's so incredible
compared to what the first one had watching on tv and just seeing all the garbage basically outside
the the actual rink so that was pretty cool besides the fact that my son still doesn't
believe i played that was one of the points i wanted to hammer home like the nhl and what
they've done with these outdoor games like they have they have blown these things up these are
the things that i most look forward
to going to now and to see all the people that it takes to make that thing operate they put so much
time and energy in this and all these hands on deck behind the scenes with the nhl like steve
mayor is a big name who ends up like he he actually missed the game unfortunately he had a
you know a family member pass away and he's a big component to the nhl and how they operate but
i mean he's there he was there like two weeks ahead of time, missing time away from his
family around the holidays to making sure this whole thing's organized among all the other
people. So a round of applause to the NHL to making these so enjoyable. I, I, we were at a
Italian place eating last night and I just ran into some random Seattle guy, not even a big
hockey fan, but he had
all the cracking gear on i said oh did you go to the game he goes he goes yeah i said how did you
enjoy it he goes buddy he goes that was easily easily the greatest sporting event i've ever been
to i paid 200 and the amount of uh respect they showed to all the prior athletes and the the show
that they put on he goes i got 20 times my money's worth i feel like
i stole that ticket so to hear that about a guy going to an event and how much it impacted him
i was you know it made me a little bit more fired up and i couldn't agree more so round of applause
next year's no but there's rumors and we can talk about that right now get it going rumor boy get it
going i'm here in chicago again wrigley field connor
yeah but you say shocker buddy but you get to see connor bedard at the winter classic like no it
makes it it makes sense once they got him this was kind of everyone's complaint that all of a
sudden the blackhawks will be shoved down your throat but i tweeted out over the break when he
scored that friggin goal i think it was i don't know if I tweeted after. Yeah, it was after his lacrosse goal.
I will watch Chicago play now because of him.
I like watching them play.
Last year, I wouldn't have watched them no matter what.
One player, and now it's like,
all right, I'm buying in.
I'll watch every game that they're on TV.
So I get it.
It's just the fact that I think Chicago
already has the most of any team.
Right.
Well, it makes sense.
One of the biggest tv markets
now the other rumor buzzing around is the U arena is that what they call it the U at Ohio State
University is that how it's the building the horseshoe is it the horseshoe I'm not a college
guy here and Columbus would be hosting and I think the other team would be Detroit now Columbus
doesn't get a lot of stuff
like this and i think that they considering how crazy they are the sports fans there they would
sell it out i think that that would be cool to see as well and especially with the way that
fantilly's popping off now too i don't know how many people are tuning into columbus games but
because bedard's doing what he's doing he's's taking a lot of the headlines. Fantilli is lighting the lamp as of late as well.
You can do Ohio State, Michigan, two biz on that,
and that would be perfect for college as well.
What do you mean?
Like an NCAA game.
Yeah, if they play at Ohio State,
Ohio State's biggest rival, Michigan.
Michigan, Ohio State at the horseshoe,
that would be banana lands,
and the NHL can capitalize on it.
So they would do one
day after the next yeah i mean it's like when they went to fenway park and they were doing
college games at fenway park as well like they i think it's best when like no it's not just one
game being played in these arenas you can get three or four days like when we were in raleigh
north carolina they had the two club hockey teams unc versus nc state playing out there like i think
as many games as you can get on these outdoor rinks,
like make it worth it for everyone.
I love that.
I love that.
Do you think,
do you think that those two college hockey teams could sell it out in a
second?
If there's any two schools that could do it,
it would be those two.
So that would easily be the biggest attendance in college hockey history.
Well,
Michigan state and Michigan played at the big house a few years ago outdoors and it was i think i mean they filled that arena
i mean filled that stadium that's over a hundred thousand so if the horseshoe filled that up for
a college hockey game oh yeah do you have yeah are we talking like a trump inauguration type
sellout here no no can i see a picture of this? Yeah, I'll get you. Over 110,000. Wow, that would be massive.
So I think it's a win-win either way.
Off the board pick, I would like to see ASU in Tempe
and the Coyotes get one.
I think that would be a great place.
And in the wintertime there at nighttime, it cools down.
It's dry.
I think the ice would be perfect.
They have one in LA.
They could do one in Tempe.
They did one at the Cotton Bowl.
They did a Cotton Bowl.
We were down there for years.
It was freezing that game, too.
It was.
That's when we saw the greatest kick out of a game,
walk of shame of all time by Corey Perry.
I think we've stroked Seattle off quite a bit here
as far as Vegas is concerned.
They stink right now.
Listen, I talked to Gary Lawless.
He made a great point.
He goes, Biz, they've played 38 games
in the first two and a half months of the season.
They started out 11-0-1,
the best start for a Stanley Cup champion.
They were bound to have a little bit of a setback
in a sense of energy, lack of practice time,
and also Aiden Hill's injured right now,
and so is Shea Theodore,
a big engine that drives offense from the back end,
and they're missing him right now.
Listen, excuses.
I'm not worried at all.
I'm not worried one fucking bit.
They have 44 games in the last three and a half months of the season,
so they'll be able to rest up and get back in their game.
This one was all about Seattle.
I think it was a perfect timing win for them.
It was great for the fan base.
But as you just said, Whit, I wouldn't be fucking batting an eye.
This team is still dangerous, and they would still easily be
in my top five cup favorites, if not top three.
Yeah, I mean, nobody in the conference has more points than them.
The only two teams that have more points right now are Boston and the Rangers.
So despite this little bit of hiccup lately,
Vegas is still in a pretty goddamn good position right now.
For sure.
One of the note too,
we did mention chicklets TV.
We did make a little visit down to Pike place, the famous location in Seattle where they do a little fish tossing.
So we won't spoil anything.
We'll get to that a little bit later when we,
when the video is going to drop.
Gee,
do we have a date on the video is going to drop for the,
yeah,
it should drop next week.
But you'll love it.
RA was trolling Seahawks fans.
I don't think the younger generation really understood what he was doing,
but I'll just tell it now.
Like he asked everyone,
pass or run,
pass or run.
He was just going up to random people,
pass or run,
pass or run.
And it was rattling some people.
They still clearly aren't over that,
but the vlog will be awesome.
Chicklets TV.
It should be out next week.
They're like,
you should have passed off once that are hitting it.
Get out of my face with that microphone. You can tell right away
if they were old enough. They were just gutted.
But yeah, it was a great time. Also, shout out
to Amanda Jack and my friend Mo
from home. I hadn't seen them in years, so it was nice to catch
up with them way out here in Seattle. But moving
right along, busy Leafs. Stubble at
a bit of late. Dropped five out of six. They're still
third in the Atlantic with 41 points.
But they sent goalie Ilya Samsonov down
to the AHL. Molly's hoping to get his confidence
and his game back. He's 5-2
and 6, but with an 8-6-2 save percent.
It's 3-9-4 goals against. Not
too pretty. They recalled Dennis
Hildeby from the AHL. He's been
pretty good for them this year. 7-5-3
with a 2-2-0, 9-1-9
save percent. There's a couple shutouts.
Biz, is this a little hiccup on the road for your boys, or
what? What's going on here? Well, first of all,
I've been hitting up all the Reddit threads
from Leafs Nation and this
Dennis Heldaby,
he might be the next Vasilevsky.
That's what I'm hearing.
I'm hearing Vesna Aspiration.
So I've said this all along.
It's just a matter of time before one of these
goalies we've never heard of in the organization
that comes from the depths of the minors and comes and saves us so i'm not worried one bit this
happens every year we stumble a little bit out of the gate everybody freaks out and then midway
through the season right before all-star and around the holidays yep another hiccup who gives
a fuck they're gonna make playoffs everything's gonna work itself out it's our year i'm not
hitting the panic button.
I mean, does it correlate at the
time that I stop paying attention and I go
on vacation that all this chaos happens
and they send their number one goalie or what they
thought was going to be their number one goalie down to the
minors? Listen, he can go season
a little bit, get some easy puck shot
on him, get his confidence back. And if
this Dennis held to be doesn't turn out to be
Vasilevsky like I'm predicting,
big deal. Samsonov will come on and save the show.
And if not him, we still got
Joseph Wall, who another guy who has
Vesna aspirations, as I read from the
Toronto Maple Leafs Reddit threads.
And he's got the high ankle sprain
that Fleury had when Ty Conklin
came in, so if they can get somebody
covering him and Wall comes back,
Wall is nasty.
He's nasty.
The only problem is there is a little bit of an issue
in terms of staying healthy for him.
You've kind of seen these nicks and bruises.
You mean every Leafs goaltender?
Yeah, seriously.
In the last seven years?
The Leafs are fine.
I just kind of, I respected Sheldon Keefe.
I know it's a tough spot, but he finally,
like after kind of bringing up that the team
needed to be better in front of Samsonov over and over, finally, I think the other night, he said,
this is the NHL. We need a save. They played great in Columbus. Their offense was clicking,
and he couldn't stop a beach ball. On the goal that Fantilli scores, it's 35 feet away,
no screen. It beats him. At some point point the coach had to be honest, and it sucks
to do that, I'm sure. He ended up
saying, yeah, I think Bradtree Living will do
whatever he can to try to help us out right now
because basically we can't
continue to put him out there. I feel
bad because he's lost
his game. This is the confidence.
And this is when you go into practice
and you're playing well in practice, and then you go into the
game, you'll give up the first shot.
It's like it doesn't matter how it's going anywhere other than the games.
And for some reason, this kid is not in the right mental space right now
and can't figure it out.
And the Leafs are kind of at some point have to be willing to say,
all right, you're going to the minors.
And you knew nobody was going to claim him.
So now you just hope this held to be.
I mean, he's played.
This is his first season in North America. He was good in Sweden last last year and he's enormous but we'll see you throw him to the
fire it's it's the nhl man it's not going to be that simple even though the ahl has gone well for
him so far i got rumor boys for the leafs oh i was just going to say the only concern i have right
now is this uh william nylander rumor boy situation and if it's
any part true. I got rumor boys
and this is big time capital R
capital B rumor boys.
Take this as serious as basically
nothing. That doesn't make sense.
Take this not serious at all.
I've been told he was offered
8 times 11.25
and he wants to take it
and his dad's telling him you got to get some more.
Rumor boy stuff.
Rumor boy stuff.
That is the deal Pasternak just got.
Pasternak is a better player than Nylander.
Biz?
You know the Netflix series that they do with the F1 drivers?
They need to do it on the Leafs.
They need to do it on the Leafs' dads need to do it on the Leafs' dads.
Imagine Paul Marner in the mix.
Mr. Nylander.
Let's get Poppy's old man in the mix.
Pablo.
I mean...
At what point, though,
you got to make your own decision as a man,
you know what I mean?
Listen, listen.
I'm taking this so not serious
that there's probably 1 chance it's true.
I'm putting stock in it but
but if they're offering them 11 times uh eight times 11.25 the postronok deal that that's
insanity to me that you wouldn't take it that's why i don't really believe he's been offered that
because postronok will new neilander's a great player postronok's another level up my opinion
i watch the games i know this year probably a lot
closer but prior history and past and like what pasta's done compared to neelander if you're
getting the same deal that david postronox has you take it you sign the fucking paper unless
which is why i don't think it's true say that yeah well so yeah right now toronto martin jones and
dennis hildeby and hey martin Jones, what he did last year for Seattle,
I mean, he kept that team afloat last year
when they were going through some serious injuries,
helped them get to the playoffs.
So we'll see what happens with him up in Toronto.
Shifting over to the World Juniors, Whit,
I know you've been back on the East Coast time
and staying on top of this a little bit more than us out here.
What are you seeing?
I know today Slovakia got knocked out by the Finns in overtime.
It was a bummer for me.
I had a 50-1 ticket on the Slovakians.
But what's going on lately, Whit?
It's such a fun tournament to watch and
aw, shucks. Canada lost.
Now, I'll get ahead of this. I'll get ahead
of this. If Canada, like every
year pretty much in the World Juniors,
if they had their actual roster,
they're going to be the favorites.
I think the only player that the United States
is missing is Logan Cooley. Obviously,
that's an enormous impact. This U.S. team's loaded, though, without him. Canada is missing a boatload. And I mean,
when it's Conor Bedard being the main one, it's kind of hard to chirp their junior team,
considering I think there's probably five guys that would be on the team that aren't able to
be there. Shane Wright could still be there, for Christ's sake. So, an unfortunate loss for Canada.
They never looked right all tournament, though.
Like, I watched their games.
And apparently, like, in reading online,
they left some guys off the team that really should have been there.
One of them is that Bradley Nadeau kid from Maine who's disgusting.
I don't know what the hell they were thinking leaving him off.
Celebrini, he did what he was supposed to do.
He looked great.
There was probably times where Canadian fans thought he maybe could have brought a little bit more.
But overall, top-end player.
And then this other kid, this Jagger-Ferkus.
I guess he ended up getting brought over there after they lost to Sweden 2-0.
But off the hop, they didn't take him.
He's lighting up the WHL.
So I don't really know what went down.
The game against Czech today,
their goalie ended up making this incredible save when it was 2-0. And they went back down and made it 2-1, ended up tying it up. But the first two goals to go down 2-0 to Czech were
kind of weak. One was five-hole on the ice from the point, a little bit of a screen. The other
one was a wrist shot that I thought could have been stopped. Kind of the same goal Fantilli
scored on Samsonov, Columbus-Toronto game. But, you know, even as an American fan who loves seeing Canada lose,
I wanted them in the semis.
You know, this U.S. team, though,
it's got to be one of the best world junior teams they've ever had.
They got players up front.
This Gavin Brinley kid is so good, so dynamic.
Columbus stole this kid in the second round. Absolutely
stole him. I don't know how he doesn't go in the
first round. He's smaller. He's so
quick. He's dynamic. He lit
up Michigan last year, and somehow
he's not picked in the first round,
and Columbus gets him with his best buddy
Fantilli going second overall.
That's a player I can't wait to watch in the NHL.
He'll be there soon enough.
Gabe Perrault, what are your thoughts on Gabe Perrault? I think he's been incredible. So that's a player I can't wait to watch in the NHL. He'll be there soon enough. But this one-
Gabe Perot, what are your thoughts on Gabe Perot?
I think he's been incredible.
You've been double-wristing this Perot kid all week long.
He's sick, eh?
He is.
The fact that this kid wasn't getting past Chris Drury, man.
He got to New York in the first round,
and he was probably sitting there laughing.
I got a kid with a hockey IQ like this,
with the genes of having a father who played in the NHL,
so obviously he knows the game.
Excuse me with that hiccup.
I think when you have hockey IQ like this kid and the skills,
it's just a no-brainer.
Pick him in the first round.
And Drury saw it.
That line from BC is a joke.
Will Smith, the San Jose Sharks.
Leonard is like, biz, who's he like in the NHL?
He's kind of like a T.J. Oshie prime.
Like a fucking bulldog, dude.
He'll run you over, plays on the inside.
That's a vicious line that Boston College has.
The fact they're lighting up the world juniors,
and they're a college line.
I have the hiccups now, if you can't tell.
This is a disaster.
This is an absolute disaster.
This is what they call the Zinn hiccups occasionally.
No free ads.
Sometimes you put a Zinn in it and you get the hiccups.
I'm going to talk through them and annoy every person.
Driving in their car.
This is how much I love the World Juniors.
Rucker McGordy, Winnipeg's pick.
I talked about him when we met him when he was buckled at the draft,
seeing all his buddies.
This kid's a big old beast.
He's a stallion, too.
He looks about 6'3", jacked. He's the captain.
Team USA, I love the fact that they will not play Sweden until the gold medal.
I assume Sweden gets past Finland, even though Finland beat them in the... Or does US play Finland?
Sorry.
I don't know who plays who in the semis now, but I believe you'll see US versus Sweden.
Sweden's up right now against Switzerland.
I think they take care of business there.
The Swedish player I need to talk about.
Holy shit, boys.
Have you seen this Axel Sandin Pelica?
What a name.
Holy shit.
He is a defenseman.
First round pick by the Detroit Red Wings.
They grabbed another Swede on the back.
The eyes are planned.
I said him in the pre before their tournament started.
I said, keep an eye on this kid.
He's going to be unreal.
Oh, Scout Grinnell.
He's disgusting.
He's got nine goals already this year in the SHL.
He's going to probably be able to break the record
for an under-19 defenseman goals.
I think it's like 11 or 12.
He might break the points record
that I believe Victor Hedman had over there.
It's like 21 points.
He is a game-breaker.
He runs that power play, skates like the wind.
Awesome.
And Merle's actually interviewed his dad
right before this quarterfinal matchup.
As Sweden goes up 2-0, there we go.
This Swedish team, I'm talking to Sean Horkoff.
He's a Detroit Red Wings assistant GM.
He's over there right now.
He said it's probably the best Swedish team,
at least in a long time, that they've had at the World Juniors.
And the fact it's in Gothhenburg the crowd looks nuts so i imagine how about how about them inducting hank too to open
things up because hank's from gothenburg so henrik lundqvist does a ceremonial face-off gets inducted
in the double ihf hall of fame just an ultimate fucking put on a t for the swedes if you're
telling me that this team's that good. They're awesome. And they got Nicholas
Havlitt, the former Atlanta Thrashers, two of his boys playing on the team against the goalie and
a defenseman. So it's been a really fun tournament to watch. I love the World Juniors. I remember
being 15 years old and that was like, I just want to play in the World Juniors. I want to play in
the World Juniors. And now I got the chance to play in two of them. One, I barely played my first
year in Czech. The second year, I got to play a ton. We lost to play in two of them. One, I barely played my first year at Czech. The second year
I got to play a ton. We lost to Canada in the
semis. Jeff Wawicka broke our hearts.
So now I'm always into it every year.
I love seeing the prospects. I'm hockey
DB and elite prospects the whole game.
I see a kid make a nice play.
Who's this? Second rounder.
There's a kid from Czech
that Vegas took in the second round. Big
center. He could be a hell of a player.
Mike Johnson was talking about him today on the broadcast.
But it's just a great tournament.
I think fans love seeing their future players.
And I've had a blast watching.
I felt really bad for Slovakia with an awesome pool round.
And then they lost an incredible game.
It was early this morning against Finland.
They tied it up with the minute to go and then lost in OT.
But Slovakia, an amazing thing
seeing what their programs turned into and become.
And it's just awesome seeing all this talent out there.
The talent is just, it's gross, dude.
After Ryder's games, you know, there's always games.
Like there's a 10-year-old game after one of his games.
I'm watching, I'm like, these kids are so good.
I will say this about a lot of 10-year-olds
out there. They don't pass the puck. Kids don't pass the puck like they used to. I know that
sounds crazy. Literally, every kid's trying to go end-end. They're so skilled that half the time
they can, but it makes sense that moving up, you see how good these kids are 10 or 11. Now you get
to world juniors. You get to these 18-year-olds in the NHL, the talent is like nothing we've ever seen before, and it's
only going to continue to get better, man.
And, Witt, you mentioned
Merles was getting interviews over there. We actually have a
vlog coming out of Merles' time at
the world juniors as well.
He's going to the game, Biz. He goes
in the morning, he cabs over to the other rink,
then he cabs back to the first rink for the
third quarterfinals, then he cabs back
to the other rink for the fourth game.
And he'll be at the semifinals and the finals as well.
I guess he got a bunch of reactions from Canadian players.
So that's tough for those guys.
He loves the chaos now.
He's the villain.
He was just getting under the Canadian skin.
Yeah, he was there live at the crime scene after Chechnya.
Is that how you say it?
Chechnya?
No, it's Chechia.
I think it's Chechia,
but most Czechs who reach out
just say Czech Republic still.
I don't think a lot of them.
Oh, really?
Chechia.
Chechia.
Chechia is a whole different thing.
You're probably the wrong guy to ask.
Chechnya is a different country
in a different part of the area.
It's not Czech, not Chechnya.
Back to Civil War talk But what about that?
Back to Civil War talk.
What about that brutal call when they tossed out Konigiki?
Five minutes in the gate.
I mean, that was a pretty standard hit, no?
A lot of people seem to think.
So one of the funnier things that happens in the group chat is Army,
who watches World Juniors and just bitches about officiating.
Because, you know, Army's old school.
Army was the guy who  Army was the guy where when the forward
would come in his defensive zone
and he would round the net,
he would leave his weak side defenseman
and come fucking put the guy through the end wall.
So Army's maybe not the best bar to set
as far as what should be allowed for hits and nothing.
He knocked out like seven people
playing hockey with his shoulder.
Yeah, he might lead the league in knockouts
in the history of NHL hockey.
He was the Scott Steven of forwards, but you just kind of maybe don't remember.
But yeah, he was losing it.
And then obviously we end up seeing the hit.
This is off the opening puck drop less than 20 seconds into the game.
Connor Geeky, he ends up just making a beeline.
Now, what flabbergasts me is the amount of dumb idiots online that will say
no it is a dirty hit head was the first point of contact it's like this is like this is like
lawyers reading the fine print and just trying to stir it up in order to try to win a case it's like
that is his fucking ice just as much as it is that German defenseman's ice. So the minute that German defenseman gets that pass and heads up ice with his head down
and he exposed himself like that, he could just skate into him and put them into oblivion.
The angle of his body in which the fact that his head's a little bit more forward, it's
like that's never going to change.
That's how you fucking bend your knees and you skate forward.
So where the fuck is he supposed to go? do you want him to bend his knees even more his elbow was right beside his
fucking body and he laid him out with a clean hit and all these pussies online who want to change
the way that hockey's played forever and change it into the and they say oh that's the way that
it's officiated now it's like no that's the way that you want it officiated now well the iihf
like does officiate like that i don't agree with it but it basically can't hit anyone it is a bit
of a clown show and we know that international reffing is a little bit more different but there's
also a a shortage of having competent refs and refs that have been in those types of situations
and who have played at high levels i mean the nhl alone has a hard
time finding enough of them who can handle that type of pace and have played at a high enough
level to where they're not fucking blowing calls like that but that one was a fucking embarrassment
and they had the ability to review it they did and they kept with their initial call so an absolute
joke let's hope those guys got a talking to because if that happened in like
a gold medal game and all of a sudden the team's short and then they go down a couple goals because
they get this bullshit five minute major called on them absolute nonsense so let's hope those guys
the slow motion like geeky runs him over the whistle blows and he's just slow motion. What the fuck for? Exactly.
Why is that a penalty?
And I felt his frustration.
It's almost like these new school people who bitch about that stuff
never want any type of onus on the player skating with the puck.
Yes.
It's just if you got it in the middle of the ice
and you're in the trolley tracks, you're fair game, baby.
Fortunately, he was not given any supplementary discipline.
It was just that one game.
Boys, I think we should probably send it over to one of our two guests today.
What's up, Biz?
Before we do, I didn't get a chance to thank the whole TNT staff
for what they do and what they provide.
All the people behind the scenes setting up the table that we sit at,
all the shots, all the fun bits that we do.
There are so many hands on deck, just like we talked about with the nhl to make that thing operate so i just want to thank
the whole tnt crew and we'd had a different producer this one because there was a you know
a family matter going on with our typical producer sean gerjikoff and we had to have another guy step
in so liam you know took the bull by the horns as he always does show tremendous leadership and
everything ran smoothly as well as,
as Heitzi who,
who stepped in as our producer.
So just an incredible job by all the people at TNT.
And of course it was great having ace Liam and,
and,
and Wayne on the broadcast as always.
So shout out to them and thank you everybody for the,
the amazing response to a great fun show.
Very accommodating to the chicklets team as well.
Biz,
they make it almost seem like we're working at TNT too.
So from,
from RA and myself,
we want to thank them as well because they were very helpful for us all
weekend.
They're the best.
So great job,
NHL,
TNT,
and other than Bowie,
everybody round of applause.
Got to mention,
mention jazz as well.
Jazz always an MVP behind the scenes when we do this
stuff also to the people at the
press box who took care of us the other night I want to thank you guys
as well but now we're going to send it over
to Montreal Canadian sniper Cole
Caulfield and a little bit later we're going to have
Canadian comedian Ian Bagg
going to mix it up a little for you so enjoy Cole
Caulfield
before we continue guys I'm here to talk to you about
Pink Whitney.
Yes, if you're watching on YouTube, right behind me, Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam's own pink lemonade flavored vodka.
I can't even describe to you how many pictures I was sent on Twitter of people giving Pink
Whitney as Christmas gifts, bringing it to New Year's Eve parties.
We saw all these different bars have all their different Pink Whitney drinks that they created
for all the special New Year's Eve celebrations. That's a hiccup. Thank you so
much to everyone who has purchased the product, who enjoys the product. We got NFL playoffs right
on the horizon. If you're going to a game and tailgating, Pink Whitney is your best choice,
I believe, in catching a buzz and rooting on your favorite team. We got the national championship.
That's another hiccup.
And hiccups are not caused by Pink Whitney.
So don't worry about that.
That's my own issue I'm working out right now.
But Pink Whitney is the drink of the winter.
It's the drink of the summer.
It's the drink of the spring and the drink of the fall.
So everyone, go to your local bar.
Order a shot.
Order a little Pink Whitney on the rocks.
Order a little Pink Whitney with soda.
Enjoy it the way you like it.
Drink responsibly.
Have a great time.
Hand it out to friends.
Check it out at liquor stores.
Not too expensive at all.
It's the drink of my life.
And everyone listening, I hope you enjoy it as much as I do.
So, New Amsterdam, thanks to them.
And thanks to all you guys.
Pink Whitney is where it's at.
Enjoy it responsibly.
Enjoy it now.
Alrighty, it's time for our next
guest. This sharpshooting Wisconsin
native was playing for the U.S. National Team
Development Program when he was selected 15th
overall at the 2019 NHL Draft.
After two years at Wisconsin
and winning the Hobie Baker
and a World Junior Championship,
he joined the pro ranks and had 12 points
in 20 games during Montreal's improbable run to the 2021 Stanley Cup final.
Additionally, he's 0-1 in sandbaggers.
It's great to welcome to the Spitting Chickens podcast,
Cole Caulfield.
How's it going, brother?
Hey, guys.
Good to be here.
Thanks for having me.
Glad to have you.
Sorry for that little dig.
Montreal fans are going crazy right now.
Crazy for the cock.
All right.
Did you know that this guy's nickname is the cock?
And you know who gave it to him?
Who exactly?
I was on the golf course.
Shea fucking Weber, one of the meanest guys to ever play.
We don't need to go into why you got the nickname,
but you can just leave it up to the imagination of all the listeners right now.
So it's great to finally get you on.
And I think the last time when
we had you in the bag or you said boys let me get a few games under my belt before i come on and
sling it and hey buddy incredible start to your career i think you were what one of five habs to
score 60 goals before 150 games played so congratulations on a great start to your
career bro thank you appreciate it How are you liking Montreal?
Like, is it tough to go anywhere?
You're recognized all the time.
What are your experiences so far in terms of living in the city?
I mean, it's been great.
I think I've lived three different places
and every place is a good time.
There's always things to do.
Obviously, it's tough with getting recognized
kind of everywhere you go.
But I think when
guys come to the city, they realize how special it is. I know all my friends love coming here as
a road team, so a lot of good things to do here. Why are you moving around so much? Is it because
the paparazzi get you? No, I've lived in two different uh parts of the downtown and um i guess i know you
want to see something different uh not just stay in the same place all year and right now you're
currently living with christian devorak so you're basically talking to yourself every day
the guy's a new see there myself for the wall so um yeah no he's he's great he's a quiet guy um
you know we get along pretty well i think i'm the energy and he's great. He's a quiet guy.
You know, we get along pretty well, I think, on the energy.
And he's just, you know, keeping it low-key.
So it's a lot of fun.
We have a good time.
Cole, what did you know about the city of Montreal before you moved there?
Honestly, not much. I never visited here for any tournaments or been here on vacation.
So the first time I came here was my introduction.
And it was during COVID, which, here was, was my introduction and,
uh, it was during COVID,
which,
you know,
it was kind of tough,
but,
um,
these past couple of years have been pretty fun.
I learned any French at all.
Uh,
just a little bit.
Um,
don't lie,
Cole.
You don't know any French.
Not yet.
Not yet.
No,
but,
uh,
it's,
uh,
it's a tough language.
They speak kind of fast here.
So,
um,
you just got to look up with bonjours
merci if you go on a date with a French girl are you just what google translating and passing the
phone back and forth or what like how does that all go no chance I think I'm I'm speaking English
as much as I can and um you know I'll learn sometimes so we'll see all right oh buddy i'm curious about the season so far first off because
the expectations weren't high at least from the outside noise i'm sure you guys had your own ideas
going into the season but overall i would say it's been a pretty good start i i don't know what
st louis saying you guys and and how's the team feeling as of right now as we come up on Christmas yeah I mean obviously it's uh every year is new um but you know with Marty I think
you know three years in we're starting to figure some things out a little bit and kind of getting
the groundwork set so um it's been you know not a right start I think you know you always want more
but um I think where we're at as a team and in the youth um I think we're all kind of finding ourselves and younger guys are starting to pull their weight and and kind of
figure things out so i think uh we're turning in the right direction but obviously marty and
ken jeff they all have uh you know the best interest in us and um you know i think we're
a couple years out but you know we're we're on the right trend does coach have a little extra
insight for you cole you know being an undersized guy like yourself?
Yeah. I mean, it's, it's obviously pretty special to,
to have that guy as a coach. I was pretty, pretty shocked when it happened.
And, you know, Trevor was the first guy to tell me that he,
I think he knew before anybody. And he,
he told me that Marty was going to be the coach and I just had to like,
stop driving and be like, what are you talking about?
So it's obviously pretty special.
He's a teacher of the game.
He's a learner.
He has a passion for this game and trying to figure things out.
It's pretty fun, obviously.
A lot of things I can relate to based on his size and the way he played.
Just watching clips with him, it's cool to see.
It's more of a discussion than anything,
but it's cool to see just his ideas and what he thinks.
And it's more conversation than anything.
But a lot of teaching goes on.
It's a lot of fun.
Well, that clip went viral, right, when he was working with you. And I think you scored on the exact same play you guys were working on in practice.
And that really amplified the conversation.
So you're saying like what, like weekly you'll sit down with him with the iPad
or the computer and he'll talk to you about position. Is it just, like you said, more of a conversation? the conversation so you're saying like what like weekly you'll sit down with him with the ipad or
the computer and he'll talk to you about position is it just like you said more of a conversation
how often is this happening uh yeah once a week probably minimum i think um you know every every
time it's it's you know a couple of the same things they're just reminders but i think for me
it's it's all about you know learning how to play without the puck. And, you know,
we always talk about most of my clips are me without the puck and our rivals.
And, you know, he always says, don't play on your rollerblades, you know,
get shoes on. And, um,
obviously stopping and starting and finding timing is pretty special and
important in this game. So, um, it's more about, you know,
kind of reading everything else on the ice rather than just the puck and,
and where is it going to go? and obviously just playing in the future.
Cool. I saw an article in The Athletic. Were you really skating at two years old? Your brother was
skating a few years ahead of you. They took him, bumped him up to the next team and you want to
skate at two. Your mother wasn't too happy about it, but you were actually out there at that young
of an age? Yeah. I don't know why she was mad. I was out of her hands during that time. So,
yeah, I mean, that's what they told me.
I think, you know, having a brother two years older than you is pretty cool.
And you can always want to try and be like him or better than him.
So we had a good relationship.
But I think, yeah, it started pretty early like that or something.
But pretty funny.
You know, you've played in the NHL.
I think this is your third full season now.
But what's been the biggest adjustment for you coming from college?
And you've scored wherever you've been from the time you were a young teenager.
But in terms of the NHL, the best league in the world,
what's been the biggest adjustment for you
or continues to be the biggest adjustment?
I mean, obviously, every team kind of starts to figure you out as you go.
So you can play in college or junior and stuff,
and you might not see the same teams or the same players every time you play.
So now it's just all about trying to be consistent.
And you start to figure out teams and how they play
and how you got to kind of change your game or your plan for that team every night.
So I think it's just a lot to keep up on.
It's obviously a lot of fun to kind of find ways to get around that stuff.
But I think consistency and just trying to be, you know,
the best you can be every night.
And obviously it's a tough league playing against the best players in the
world, but I think just finding ways to,
to kind of learn to beat beat teams in certain ways. And, you know,
that's what makes it so fun.
I was going to ask you about uh the f1 this
summer who'd you end up going with did you bring zegras that must have been incredible why are you
shaking your head i can't ask you about your personal life you guys are putting all over
instagram we uh yeah i brought uh i brought the two right people with me i think you know jack
and trevor had a good time um It's well-liked by them.
They give good ratings.
We had a great time.
We also had Devo and Chris Weidman were there too.
It's a great spot in the summer.
I don't get to spend as much time as I wish here,
but it's a lot of fun in the summer,
and F1 is obviously pretty cool.
I heard that's why Verbeek held back on Zegers' contract
is because he was hanging out with you at F1. I serious i get all the dirt behind the scenes brother what are you laughing
for i'm serious yeah probably a serious question how how like how do you deal with the the media
is it is it hard to leave it um at the rink when maybe things aren't going so well like is it is
it that amplified in montreal or do you kind of block that out maybe
during the season?
No social media.
Like how do you do it for as a young guy?
Yeah.
I mean,
everybody kind of talks about it as,
you know,
you gotta be there to kind of believe how crazy it is.
And I think that's for sure.
True.
I mean,
it's hard to,
even when you're not looking for it,
it kind of hits you right in the forehead, whether you want to see it or not.
So, like, I mean, I think, you know, I went through a career a couple of years.
You go through your whole career here, I'm sure.
But, you know, slaps going through kind of a tough time right now.
And the media is all over in one game and then there's the best the next game.
So it's kind of like, you know, it's obviously pretty special to play here where people are so passionate and uh
you know there's no other team like this one with with the fan base and and you know how much they
care so um it has its ups and downs but uh you know you try to just stay away from that stuff
has there been anything you've said in english that's been translated in french and you're like
no no no i never fucking said that uh nothing too bad that i've had to you know really really
think about but um yeah i mean
language barrier is kind of tough kind of listen to their questions sometimes in english and
um you know some guys on our team are french and do their medium in uh in french and it's um
you know it's a lot but uh you know they always ask me are you learning you know are you are you
interested like i don't know it's it's crazy here so when you are you interested? Like, I don't know. It's it's crazy here.
So when you when you went through that, that tough time, you were mentioned a couple of years ago and they sent you down and then St. Louis got the job.
But before even that, down in the minors, what were you telling yourself?
Was there was there a kind of a time of a little bit of depression when you got sent down?
You're a little bummed out or were you able to just kind of kick yourself in the ass and say, all right, I got to get going?
Like, take me through your mental state during that time.
I mean, you're so young, first year.
It must have been tough to go through.
Yeah, it was obviously, you know,
something that I never really went through.
So for me, it was something new.
And, you know, you kind of expect it
when you have a goal in 30 games
and the start of a season when, you know,
you just were at the Stanley Cup Finals and the kind of expectations are still there for for success and
you know I don't think I was playing my best um you know it's tough with a shorter off season but
um you know I got sent down and yeah I didn't really see it coming as much as I you know should
have but um you can't really prepare yourself for something like that and I just went down there
with a good attitude and obviously um you don't want to ever have to go through
something like that again and so that just kind of you know motivates me and you know i think about
that sometimes when things are going well just try to work your way out of it and um you know
you find success through failure cool during that run to the cup final did it almost feel surreal
you were just in college a few months before that. Now you're playing for the Stanley Cup.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, it was probably better for me.
You know, you start to play in the NHL, you got so much emotion
and juice running through you that you're just like, what's going on?
But, you know, some of the playoff games just felt like it was, you know,
your first couple of games.
So you were just, you know, so excited.
You didn't really think about the moments.
And it went by pretty fast fast to be honest with you and um just felt like one long season i
you know played college the world juniors and then um playoffs which is pretty cool so
uh it was a lot of fun that year was it tough maybe get motivated some games just because
there was no crowd there there was no you know cheering to get you guys up how did you guys deal
with that just be an empty stadium. Yeah. I mean,
I think I played 10 regular season games and you can just kind of tell,
you know,
the guys were,
it was a long season,
you know,
not having fans and especially living in Montreal at the time,
it was pretty tough with like curfews at 10 PM or you can drive past nine.
It was nuts.
But,
um,
you know,
I got there and,
um,
I was just,
you know,
so excited to be there.
I think,
you know, maybe brought some energy that the guys kind of needed.
And it was a lot of fun, I think, you know, being with them
and just kind of celebrating and just kind of hearing your teammates
more than fans was pretty cool.
And, you know, again, like I didn't get to see the real Bell Center
until, you know, my next year.
So it was obviously pretty special.
But, you know, your first couple games and, you know, no fans,
it doesn't really feel real.
But we went to Vegas.
It was probably my first, like, real game with a crowd.
And that was, you know.
That's one way to start.
My ear still hurts from the National Anthem and stuff.
So it was just, you know, it was nuts.
We already had our flights to Vegas that year.
And then you guys ruined it for us.
Couldn't go to Montreal.
Remember that, Ben?
It was hosed us.
We had our dinners planned and everything.
Merle was pissed.
He was still ready to quit the pod.
Merle was still mad.
But, hey, you grew up in Wisconsin,
and obviously Joe Pavelski is probably, I mean,
if not one of the best-known players from Wisconsin.
I know Phil Kessel grew up there.
But what was youth hockey like around there?
I mean, I assume it's getting better
and better, but compared to Minnesota,
it didn't always necessarily feel like
the same to me.
Yeah, I mean,
for me, it was just playing hockey
and playing baseball and football growing up,
so hockey was obviously my favorite.
You played football? Oh, yeah.
What position? Oh, oh, oh.
So like a dominant player by back right uh it was like
qb sneaks and you know there was i was running the ball i couldn't see over the line but i was
just the fastest guy to get to the outside played uh running back a little bit too and i like defense
more i thought that was pretty fun but um yeah football football and baseball were kind of my two go-tos.
I love baseball. But yeah, hockey in Wisconsin, it's like you just grow up kind of playing with
the same guys your whole start to your hockey career. And I think I went to state five years
in a row with my single A team. So I just had a lot of fun. I got to play with my brother a team so um you know i just had a lot of fun i got to play with my brother a couple years
um and play up with his team but uh you know all the kids just dream about just winning state and
i think that's what makes it so cool kind of there i mean guys obviously want to play high school and
stay too and that's kind of the main thing nobody really thinks about hockey is like a job or you
know finding ways to play college but um for me that was kind of my dream is just playing
college hockey and I think uh you know playing with your high school team and going to school
with them was a lot of fun and uh I think I played two years of high school hockey too in Wisconsin
before the program and um got to play team Wisconsin on the side so it was just there's a
lot of fun um you get to play like in front of your school and stuff. And, uh, I think having those,
uh,
you know,
things to go through and kind of just be around a team where,
you know,
the guys aren't really that focused on hockey as much as you and kind of
just trying to drag them along.
But,
um,
they're a lot of fun and I had a great time.
So they do it.
Do they do it like Minnesota where they do it in one spot where all the,
all the high schools come and they crowd it up?
Yeah.
Is it a little bit different?
It's at the old,ger rink in Madison.
I actually never made it to the state in high school,
so I never got to experience that.
It was pretty tough.
We lost an OT in my last game to go to state.
So, yeah, it's pretty cool.
But it's not too big as Minnesota.
I think Minnesota's got us there, but it's for sure growing.
Did you always kind of dream as you got older of playing for the Badgers
where it was a no-brainer once you started getting all these offers
from every school?
Yeah, I mean, I don't even know what.
I actually committed to Ohio State first when I was like 14.
And my brother, he committed there like probably a year before.
And then when I first went there and it was on a table, you know,
you're a 14 year old kid and you just went up,
you were at the football field and you're like, this is unreal. Like, yeah,
sure. Like, of course.
Sign whatever.
Yeah. You're 14. I think.
It was just crazy.
Yeah. You're like parents get to, you know,
have you go to college for free and you're just so wrapped up in that to play college hockey. I mean,
I didn't know how good I could be or whatever. So, I mean,
obviously small town kid from Wisconsin at 14, you're like, this is sick.
Like this is nuts. Give me all the gear or whatever. So yeah.
And then I think my, at the end of my,
your start of like my senior year, so 18 year at the program um I think it just like
teams are starting to talk or like see if you go to Wisconsin I think like for me it was a
no-brainer I just never thought you know I could have the opportunity or chance and um you know
once I they kind of started talking I think it was for me a no-brainer to kind of go play for
your hometown team so I keep hearing about these stories of guys decommitting now let's say that maybe things don't pan out from when they sign a kid out of the womb
and at eight years old they got these guys change the rule biz so they can't you can't commit so
early anymore now okay so what if if you commit can it can a team kind of decommit from you or
if they want to do that they still have to pay for your full ride?
No, I think they  I don't know if they have to.
Actually, Cole, you might know better than me.
Go ahead.
I honestly don't think I know.
I think they can decommit you. Because I keep hearing about you, like players doing it.
Can the school do it?
Like it's crazy.
Yeah, that's true.
I think it's not  I mean nothing is official until you sign when you're 18
or whenever you decide you're gone. So I think they have that official until you sign when you're 18 or whenever you decide you're gone.
So I think they have that right until you sign.
I think what happened was, Biz, one of the reasons they changed the rule
is that teams were offering kids and they'd commit real young,
and then the team would be like,
wow, he's not really kind of advanced and improved the way we thought.
And then I don't know if they necessarily could have been like,
hey, you're not welcome here anymore, but they could have said, listen, you're not going to play here.
You might want to go somewhere else.
So I think by delaying it, it kind of just helped the teams not get left behind
and the players not get kind of screwed as well.
So it makes sense to me at least.
Yeah.
But, Cole, for you, I mean, you went to the USA program.
I think you missed breaking Austin Matthews' single-season goal record by one.
The next year, you smashed it.
Was it then that you started realizing, like, wow, to see what he's done and that I'm breaking these records,
like I have a chance to play in the NHL?
Or did you even believe it a little before then when you were in high school in Wisconsin?
I mean, honestly, I didn't really know what to expect.
I was just pumped up to get invited to the tryouts and you know for me i didn't have a point in the camp and
i was like well i think i'm gonna go play with my brother like you know i was like this isn't like
i'm not making this team there's so many good guys and uh i just remember it was probably the
last game of the tryouts and during the game they like called my parents in and they told me I made the team and obviously you have to go in there and accept it and I didn't expect it and I walked in and my
parents were there and I was just like thinking they were sending me home and um it was just it
was John Robleski and he's like uh congrats like you made the team and I was like kind of shocked
for a second I was like really and so
it was obviously it was pretty cool moment for my for my family you know to have him be there and
um it was like a no-brainer for me I needed to uh you know try and get out of Wisconsin and
um kind of start my career but uh funny story of Jack Jack's like you know picking the team
it's his team obviously whatever um he was in the office
with robo um you know mid-camp and he he's like we're picking this guy and it's me and he's like
what like why so he's it was a funny story that uh he told me after but um i think it worked out
pretty good obviously um so many skilled guys you know
you could have four power play units but um it was a pretty special team we're still close to
this day and uh you know just happy i made the team did you know like with jack hughes did you
did you see this superstardom like that early on did you know he was going to be this good
uh yeah i mean like every day in practice you saw it.
So it was kind of just like he's on a different level.
And we all thought we were good, but this guy was just dominating.
And I think it was pretty obvious from day one.
But for sure, he's grown a lot into his body over these past couple years.
And when I first met him, he was just a little stick like Trevor.
Those guys really worked hard to get out of that.
Obviously, Jack's one of the best players in the league now.
I think it's just his expectations are so high for himself.
He's never really satisfied, so it's fun to watch.
How did he get to be running the show at the program?
I know he's a good player, but he's to be running the show at the program though i mean i know he's
a good player but he's fucking helping pick the team jack fucking hughes yeah maybe quinn
quinn helped him out a little bit i don't know these guys are hilarious
cole i know your dad helped you to shoot right-handed as a kid he felt it was better
to shoot on a goalie's glove hand. Were you shooting left before that? Could you shoot with either hand?
No.
Honestly, my dad has this crazy
thing where he thinks lefties
are able to score
more with their dominant hand up top.
He likes right-handers too.
He's got this weird thing about
it, but I just remember he
always tells me the story. When I was a kid,
he just kept putting the ball in my left hand and not my right. If it was in my right, he'd take it out. I just remember he always tells me the story he put when I was a kid he just kept putting the ball in my left hand and like not my right if it wasn't already take it out so I just like
always you know play with the ball in my left hand but um you know I ended up being a lefty and so
um I think that you know I just had right-handed sticks growing up and throwing lefty all the time
I think it just all worked out the way he wanted so um obviously he's uh he scored a lot of goals in college um
so he kind of you know just taught me how to shoot growing up and never really you know talked to me
much about it just you know wanted me to shoot pucks and make it realistic so um he always made
me do a like this wrist curl thing before with the weight hanging down how much weight would you have
on the bottom? 10 pounds.
And I'm grinding every night.
I'm like, this is so dumb.
What's this going to do?
What about the rice bucket?
Would you do the rice bucket one?
No, I never did that. I think he was so into this thing.
It was just like, do it every night.
I was like, no.
I had one of those.
I don't know.
I had a muffin.
I could do anything.
I was strengthening my rest in other ways.
But A, so you've always been known as a goal scorer.
You said shooting pucks.
Is that something like all summer long you just been,
you fire pucks, fire pucks, fire pucks?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
I think I always just thought that was just the best part about the game.
You know, growing up it was always like my brother was the passer
and I was the shooter and
i was okay with that um but uh i think for me it was just all about shooting in the summers or like
making it so realistic my dad ran a rink um still does to this day so it wasn't like i was shooting
in the driveway all the time so it was like always my brother and i kind of like making up things or
kind of making it realistic it wouldn't like just sit there and shoot a hundred pucks for no reason.
Like my dad wouldn't even go out there with us.
He just put up a shooter tutor and turn the lights off and said, you know,
for your ice time, just go clean the bathroom.
So he was all good.
Like coached me all the way growing up till I was about 12 and super hard on
me, hated it.
But, you know, looking back on it, I think it's hilarious how many times a stick went in the stands during practice.
So you would do a lot of situational, like what, like shooting while moving?
And I mean, you had access to ice, which is huge, right?
Not many guys have that luxury in the summertime.
So what types of drills like helped you the most as far as the shooting?
Yeah, I mean, honestly, it was probably all my brother creating drills.
He's kind of a nerd in that way.
So to have him want to do it, I think I would probably just have went out there
and shot pucks for no reason.
But he had this mindset where he wanted to do all these things
and be like his own coach.
So I would just obviously be out there with him.
And I was like, yeah, sure, whatever.
And so everything we did wasn't just like stationary I mean I think we were it was so nice to have like a guy out there like that to to want to do that stuff because you know he would
set it up you know pass pucks say do this do that so um he was like my second coach growing up
probably when you mentioned your dad coaching was hard on you would he tell you privately listen like you're my son i gotta be a little more hard on you or was it just rides home
and you're like up guess this is a no talk ride home again yeah there was yeah no it was more like
he never i mean he just likes to do it in front of the guys like yeah like chase you're having a
good game tonight like you're doing well you're. And I just, it'd just be like right in my ear saying it to him.
Like,
what are you doing out there?
And,
um,
no,
but he,
he was good.
Like,
you know,
he just,
he was passionate about the game and,
um,
still coaches to this day.
So he just,
he loves it.
And,
uh,
he's obviously just hard on us and,
and wanted us to do our best.
Uh,
Cole,
I saw you're the fastest player in NHL history to get a seven
overtime game with us
did you always sort of raise your game
late in the games or is that just kind of I guess
luck of the NHL you know later
in the games did you sort of push yourself more because that's
pretty impressive so far
honestly no I mean
it just means you're kind of OT a lot so
yeah
I think it's obviously it's fun playing throughout three and um something
that's new and you know you just get a lot more time out there obviously playing defense is pretty
tough these days against you know guys that are so dynamic and um you know all the deacon skate
that are out there it's you know five minutes of chaos sometimes but um it's a lot of fun i think
i just you know i like being in those moments um
you know it's exciting uh they're close games it keeps it's fun and uh for me it's just kind of
you know doing what i can to help the team whenever as far as guys uh on the team like
who's been the who's been the most like influential on you as far as maybe off ice habits uh you know
training regimen like just how you're handling yourself like who have you leaned
on since you've been in montreal the most would you say um i mean obviously we've had we've had
a bunch of guys and we got you know the the crew for for that playoff run and then having you know
shay and carrie and eric stall and cory perry on those teams like it was nuts like just to see
you know how much they dedicated themselves to the game for their whole career so um you know to be in that moment with them is so special to see and just how serious
they took obviously that whole season was something special and it just you know put me in that
mindset right away that you know i gotta be like these guys um just obviously listening to everything
they say and seeing what they do it was pretty. But I think the longest guy I've been around the most probably is Gally.
Still to this day, he battles like he was earlier in his career.
The way he just does it game in, game out, and just gives it all for our team.
It's cool. He's a great leader, and it's for sure fun to be a part of.
Speaking of old mans in their ear, his old man's a mania.
He trains with him.
Have you ever gotten a chance to go up to BC and train with his father?
No, I've seen videos.
We'd always send each other videos back and forth of working out.
He's obsessed with, what's it called, like RDLs and all this stuff that's so bad for your back.
But he loves it.
He's a, he's a tank, but, um, he'll send me like as many pull-ups as he can do just a video of it,
just to show me, you know, like what he's doing. I'm like, nice dude. Like, what are you doing?
But I got to meet his dad this year on a dad's trip. So that was pretty funny just to see kind
of all the dads and how their kids actually turned out just like how you can see it through.
So that's a good follow-up. I just to ask because when you went to college i felt like it was more like a lot of weights and
a lot of strength training like you guys to some degree were doing olympic lifts was that the way
it was in college for you and did you have to kind of transform your your workout habits as
you've gotten older and i guess as the games advanced uh yeah, I mean, I think I did CrossFit,
which is probably not good for hockey players.
When I was like 13 and 14, I just started,
and it was like new in Wisconsin.
It was like a cool thing to do.
So not good for you, whatever, for a hockey player.
And then I got to the program,
and we were doing like Olympic lifts
like they've been doing since the start.
So our first year we had um just like
every day the same thing clean single leg cleans like you just couldn't feel your back but um
it was just it was just normal like you just got used to it and it was it was good like i think we
did a lot of good training there and then the second year um you know it kind of changed around
you know the new future of working out i think it's
a lot more movement and then be able to move power and then speed um in the right way and so
i think now my training i've trained uh the program still for the last like five years so
um it's a lot of fun i think you know obviously they know what they're doing there um but working
out for sure is something that's you know been more important during the year too that I've started to realize.
So you kind of figure it out through experience and I just find it pretty good.
Gretzky was making fun of me.
He's like, what are you training for?
The Olympics?
Because I told him we were doing power cleans and snatch.
Were you guys doing the snatch where you go overhead too?
Yeah, it was nuts.
Like literally over your head.
You should have seen like jack and trevor
and these guys do it it was so hilarious yeah what what about the you said the the crossfit
what were you doing in the crossfit classes just all these crazy exercises eight in a row no rest
oh yeah blowing out your back like gallagher oh yeah just like gallagher am wraps like every
minute on the minute, you're running,
cleaning, pull-ups.
No idea what you're doing. Burpees.
Burpees are awful. Every Friday,
we had to do 100 burpees as fast as we can.
I don't even know what I was doing. It was awful.
I think that
CrossFit is legit like a big
orthopedic, like big ortho.
They're in charge of CrossFit because there's doctors who have jobs because people being so injured from CrossFit is legit like a big orthopedic, like big ortho. Like they're in charge of CrossFit because there's doctors who have jobs
because people being so injured from CrossFit.
Yeah.
Smart move.
Won't let it go away.
Yeah.
Smart move by them.
It's like a dealership.
They got the oil change, every tire rotation, everything's there.
It's like they set up the workout for you to fail and get injured
so they can make money off your insurance or out of pocket.
What about  I love watching Wi-Fi play.
I know he's out right now or was out a little bit this year,
but what's he like in the room?
Is he as crazy of a guy as he seems on the ice when the wires cross
or is he pretty level-headed?
What's his deal?
I mean, we call him the sheriff.
So he's like he is, just on the ice, kind of the man.
He thinks he's the man.
He just comes in.
There's no scare factor for him.
I mean, what are you going to say?
The guy will just kill you.
But no, he's a good guy.
He means well, loves the guys.
He's a really good kid.
So he's always got the game face on.
You guys try to rib him about it, and you can't get him to crack a smile?
Oh, no.
The guy's the funniest guy you'll ever meet.
Joking with everybody, chirping everybody, just so loud, obnoxious, mullet.
The guy sideburns.
It's crazy.
The guy's hands are the size of
a house it's not like sausage fingers nuts i think his brother's now part of your organization too
right yeah yeah he's uh seen hamilton i don't know if he's in hamilton right now but i remember
hearing that they signed him and he's a killer as well. I'm like, oh, yeah. Yeah. So I met him at camp this year and same thing.
Just got that tick in him.
That's just schizo.
It's crazy.
You guys have a lot of personality in that room with Gallagher.
My understanding is when you came in, like, you know, you weren't exactly the quietest rookie either.
Did anybody have to put you in your place because you're in the room first game just
buzzing around chirping guys laughing big smile on your face yeah man i don't i don't even know
like i think i was just so excited and like these guys were just like so cool to me that i was just
pumped up to be at the rink every day and um kind of hit it off the top right away and then
i think my first after my first game, we were in Calgary,
so we flew back, had this long flight.
And, like, Weber texted me, like, come to the back.
What are you doing?
And I'm like, oh, God, what's happening?
Like, I'm in trouble.
What are we doing?
And just, you know, had a couple beers on the way home
and just heard some stories and talked.
And just, you know, it was cool. Like, didn't touch my phone for, like, five hours. It was awesome. Had a couple beers on the way home and just heard some stories and talked.
And just, you know, it was cool.
Like, didn't touch my phone for like five hours.
It was awesome.
Like, just listen to these guys.
You're just entertained.
And I don't know if I  that was probably the longest I haven't talked for.
So, just listen to those guys, I think.
You know, just like their energy.
Try to keep it light.
And, you know, they had fun.
Cool.
What is that Sean Monaghan brought to the team?
One of the older guys. I know he's not that old is that Sean Monahan brought to the team? One of the older guys.
I know he's not that old, but what has he brought to the team this year?
Consistency.
This guy, he's been doing it for 10 years,
and you don't even realize how long he's played.
He's gone through so much injury-wise that it's a lot on him,
but he comes into the rink every day.
First guy you see working out,
just doing all the right things. And he's been so good for us down the middle this year.
And obviously he's been through so much.
So honestly, one of my closer friends on the team
and one of the funniest guys on the team too,
like you probably won't see that from the outside,
but the guy's always cracking jokes,
leaving fruit in guys' pockets on their jackets.
Anywhere, it's nuts.
It's so funny.
The team prankster?
He's got it.
He might have it.
I mean, Gally's obviously going crazy with that stuff,
but he hasn't done anything in a while,
so hopefully it's coming.
One of the topics of conversation that's come out on the podcast quite a bit
and wit, I mean, you could vouch for it.
He's talking about the U.S. and how the development program
and just how hockey's grown.
Do you guys talk about that amongst the guys
and where you're now competing with Canada,
where you guys seem to be neck and neck?
Is that something you guys are talking about while you're training in the
summer and like keeping an eye on all that?
Um,
I mean,
not really.
I think,
you know,
we all just know all the Americans in the league and how good hockey is
growing in the U S but,
um,
for us,
you kind of just look around and you're like reminded of how good,
you know,
like these guys around you are that are American.
I think,
um,
it's obviously pretty cool to see. Um, but for us, it know, like these guys around you are that are American. I think it's obviously pretty cool to see.
But for us, it's just like I stay close with my age group
and those guys and the Hughes and stuff.
But, you know, it should be fun if that does get to happen
in Canada versus the U.S. thing.
And I think that'd be pretty cool for the league and for fans too.
Why do you think these guys have gotten so good?
Like, I mean, you're around them all the time these guys have popped off to where i mean you could you
could argue that between quinn and jack they could both be up for the heart this year and luke could
be running for the calder if it wasn't for for bedard and he still is in the race yeah i mean
obviously that family's created three beasts and um i think kids growing up just kind of want to be like those guys in the
younger generation.
That's fun to watch, exciting.
And, you know,
all these younger guys are finding these new moves or crazy things.
And I think the compete factor for, you know,
kids growing up is getting better.
And I think, you know, looking at guys like Jack Quinn,
Kyle Conner, honestly, was amazing this summer.
You get to see the talent on the ice, obviously,
when you play them.
But for me, all the guys we skate with pretty much are American.
They've all been so successful in the league these days,
and it's fun to watch.
Is there anyone else besides yourself?
Because I'm guessing a lot of the guys training at the national program
are from Michigan, so they're going home.
But are there guys from Wisconsin or other states
that are actually training there all summer too, like yourself?
Jake Sanderson moved out for the summer.
Most of the guys do live around the area, which is pretty crazy.
It's kind of nice.
It's a pretty sick group.
You look around, you're like, playoff team for sure.
Hell of a buck in that.
You're like, we got this.
I think just being able to play at the program and live there,
I kind of liked it right away.
So being around that area, it's great in the summer.
And obviously pretty special to have all those good players around.
Cole, your coach at Wisconsin, Tony Garano, had to step away from his TV duties.
He announced that he was sick.
Have you talked to him since then?
And what did he mean to your development when you were at Wisconsin?
Yeah, obviously that's really tough news to hear for a guy like that.
Obviously a great guy and mentor for me growing up.
But I learned so much from him my two years with him.
I think he's taught me more about life and taught me those skills with hockey involved.
And I think it just kind of clicked for me how much he cared and how much his passion is for team first
and kind of just wanted everybody to be the best they could. And, um, you know, just to see something happen to a guy like
that, it's, it's frustrating. And, um, you know, I, I texted him the other day and, you know, he's,
he's ready for the fight. There's no better guy to take something like this on, but, um, you know,
he did so much for me in college and, you know, I can't thank him enough. Uh, you know, he'll always
be probably one of my favorite coaches,
if not my favorite.
So,
you know,
he's been unreal for me and,
you know,
saying prayers for him,
obviously going forward.
Absolutely.
Who was your,
who was your idol growing up?
And I'm guessing if you don't say your dad,
you might,
you might catch a slap here.
No,
honestly,
like I never got to see him play.
Like he didn't, there all these vhs tapes and
like just trust me but just trust me i was sick you're not even moving like what are you doing so
i just sit there and score but uh my favorite probably growing up was my dad was an avalanche
fan so we'd always watch uh you know joe sack you know started it but i really liked matthew
shane growing up to be honest with you he was he was fun to watch they're always on and um
you know obviously patrick kane you kind of fell in love with too growing up so that's kind of cool
um he's obviously grown so much of the game in america and done a lot for the league so
um i think everybody says that obviously crosby ovechkin those are guys you kind of analyze but
you know we were so lucky as kind of analyze, but you know,
we were so lucky as kids to have so many different legends to look up to.
What are you watching for television shows?
Like the season can get a little bit monotonous and you can't really do much
outside of your home and in Montreal. Like you watch a lot of TV.
Movies.
I mean, not really.
Like you kind of find yourself tired all the time like or you're hanging
out with the guys playing cards it's like usually when we're home there's there's a game on or
hopefully it's a night where there's football so um haven't really got much into shows i think my
my team's talking about squid games right now the the real one or whatever but uh i don't think i
can watch that i think that somebody won and they still haven't paid them that's the last i heard of it yeah that's i don't know i just kind of
follow on twitter and online right i'm not much of a show that's confirmed yeah it was like what
would she win 26 million bucks i think it was four 4.65 was i just made that number up in my head
wait what do you mean they haven't paid them well apparently they just haven't paid them like they filmed the whole show the person won and then
it's just like she can't secure her bag netflix has to pay the winner and they haven't paid yet
now this i'm prefacing this as possibly one of my dumbest questions ever but there was no like
death in this real game show correct no no there was they were there was. They were just murking people left and right.
That's why the tag was so high.
That's why they haven't got paid
because they're missing a couple of arms.
Well, they had to pay a lot of families off
for all the bodies buzzing around.
Cole, entry-level deal.
It's not exactly chump change,
but when you signed your extension last summer,
did you treat yourself to anything nice?
Oh, yeah.
The cock.
What'd the cock buy?
56 million.
Honestly,
like nothing.
I think the only thing I did,
I paid for a Taylor Swift party bus
and that was kind of,
that was fun.
So I mean,
honestly,
like nothing really yet.
You know,
you don't really know what to do.
It's life changing.
And I think just, you know, you're kind of shocked to look at your bank account sometimes, but you don't really know what to do. It's life-changing.
I think you're kind of shocked to look at your bank account sometimes.
You try not to think about it,
but people around you remind you all the time.
Where was the concert?
I was just trying to ask, are you a known Swifty?
Are you loud and vocal about that?
Not really. I think people just took it too far with the 22 thing.
Obviously, I think she's got
good tunes, but
I'm not really listening to Taylor Swift all the time.
But
you got a party bus to her
concert?
It's like a once-in-a-lifetime
thing. She's like
iconic legend. You got to see it once,
right? He didn't pay for the tickets, Biz.
He just paid for the bus.
Oh, okay. Did she invite
you herself? I mean, was this before Travis
Kelsey? Was this like a
fling going on? No.
No. It wasn't
like that. But no, I just
honestly wanted to go myself.
I got some friends to go.
Jack and Trevor were out.
They didn't want to go, but I thought it was great.
Are you a big concert guy in general or just because it was Swifty?
Country concerts for sure.
That's about it.
Who are your guys?
I like that Zach Bryan guy.
Yeah, he's obviously been on Real this past summer.
Mike Wallen is the go-to, but all country music's good.
You getting tired?
Are you cooking at home?
Are you out to dinner every night?
What's the meal plan like there?
I mean, Devo doesn't cook.
Doesn't do anything other than play hockey.
Doesn't do anything.
Doesn't move.
What does he do?
He's on the couch.
What would you say that Christian Dvorak's main interest is other than hockey?
Sleeping.
Cards.
Sundays.
Sunday football.
Sunday football.
He lives for Sunday football.
His go-to is he doesn't watch Red Zone.
Well, he has Red Zone on one TV.
We have two TVs hooked up.
So he's like, you won't miss a snap.
That's his go-to.
He's got two remotes.
He's locked in.
Is he following the Pinto parlays?
No, not in Canada.
No.
Oh, no.
Oh yeah.
That's right.
You can't gamble other than Ontario, which is where Pinto was.
Yeah.
So Sundays aren't really as fun, but our fantasy football league is pretty good.
Do you guys have rookie party yet?
We did.
Where was it?
Oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus.
We didn't really have to put it together for you this year.
Pearson lined it up, though.
He's a great guy.
Oh, yeah.
He was there.
Rookie parties are the best because you see some guys that you would have never thought come out of their shell come out of their shell i mean it would
have been fun to see christian devorak maybe do that but i could remember ours we had one in la
and we had damon lankow on our team and he was just you know straight narrow you know always
looked grumpy just came and did his business and i never forget where it's probably 1 32 o'clock at
the rookie party and i
look up and next thing you know is damon lankow he's got a foot on each speaker in the top ropes
he's got a bottle of gray goose in each hand and a cigarette and he's smoking out of both hands
so like it's just like the rookie party who is probably the one guy to come over to shell the
most this year at the rookie party there's always stories the next day um honestly justin barron was probably
the best he was dancing singing um doing skits um but uh he's pretty funny man like guy pretty
quiet you know off the ice and you know to see him in that kind of scene it was pretty funny
kind of for sure out of a show that's usually at the restaurant, right? Where guys have to get up there, tell a joke, you know, do a little
skit. Wait, did you guys have to do that?
We had
to tell a joke, my rookie party.
And then in the middle of
Scuderi's joke, John LeClair, I
think, said, Scud, shut up. Go sit in that bowl
of ice cream. And then he just... Or that
was Sid. Sid sat in the bowl of ice cream and then
Scud ate the ice cream later. That's what happened.
But yeah, we had to tell a joke and no matter what,
you're not getting a laugh out of anyone, old school style.
Who told the worst one on the team where he got the booze
and they pigeon tossed him?
Probably Slavskoski because he can't speak.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, he obviously is pretty tough to hear when he speaks English.
It's funny, but none of the guys this year had bad ones.
I think it was all funny.
I think guys are sometimes too comfortable with their jokes,
but it always gets laughs.
I mentioned you won the Hobie Baker win back in 2021.
Were you nervous going into that?
Did you think you were going to win?
What was your mentality going into that announcement?
Honestly, you got to golf that day, so I was pretty pumped up.
You got to bring three guys and golf.
I had a great day.
The day went by pretty fast.
I was more nervous to give a speech if I won.
You had to prepare that and be ready for it,
but that was probably the scariest part.
What was the celly that night?
I think the college club in Minnesota.
Good spot.
I thought their spot was the library.
Wasn't it called the library?
Maybe when I was there,
that's what it was called.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What's the awesome bar in Madison?
College Club.
Or Wando's?
College Club.
Yeah, College Club is nice.
Good spot.
I've been checking out a lot of spots in Montreal,
maybe in the St. Catherine Street area.
I mean, the restaurants are incredible in Montreal.
The cuisine there is phenomenal.
I saw it on the internet.
Great food.
I haven't been to a bad restaurant.
All right.
Is that all you guys got?
Yeah.
We appreciate this, buddy.
The cock.
We appreciate it.
And the rematch will happen.
I haven't got called that in three years.
Well, you are now, buddy.
Every fucking paparazzi fan who's going to be outside of your apartment
is going to be calling you,
Oh, there's the cock,
the cock of the walk.
All right,
buddy.
Good luck the rest of the way.
And we appreciate it.
Big.
Thanks to cold jump on all of us.
A little alumni from the sandbag attorney.
Nice to catch up,
chat with him for a bit,
but send it over to wit.
I know there was something you wanted to discuss from things over the weekend, pal.
What's going on?
Yeah, I briefly talked about the Kaprizov-Brendan-Dillon thing
at the beginning of the show, and on Saturday night,
they played in Winnipeg, Minnesota versus the Jets.
It's a pretty cool little division rivalry they got going.
They're both pretty tough teams, and in that game, Kaprizov,
he's got it down low,
and he's kind of fighting off Dillon.
And Dillon comes at him.
He hits him with the perfect Peter Forsberg reverse hit.
Puts him right on his ass.
We've talked about Dillon a lot.
Big, mean, tough customer.
And in the end, like after he gets up, he ends up going up to him.
It was a cross check, and it probably could have been a penalty,
but it injured Kaprizov.
He had to leave the game, and he wasn't able to play the next game.
Now, Minnesota fans were flipping out and talking suspension.
It wasn't even close to that.
It was a pretty normal cross-check.
Got him in the right spot.
Actually, Ryan Carter is on the broadcast talking about how he wears an extra pad there
from trying to save him from some of those rip shots you can get.
Well, it missed the pad.
It got him, so it injured him, and of those rip shots you can get. Well, it missed the pad. It got him.
So it injured him.
And he couldn't play the next night.
Well, the next night, they're playing a back-to-back.
They go back to Minnesota.
That was actually Fleury's 1,000th game.
And right off the opening bell, dude, Pat Maroon fights Adam Lowry.
A great way to start the game.
Pretty good tilt.
And all of a sudden, you see this Winnipeg team, this Wild team,
they hate each
other they're in the division together it was an awesome way to start it I guess it probably
stemmed from what happened the night before even though it wasn't Dylan fighting but in that game
early on in the game Nemestikov is taking a face-off against Hartman and as the puck gets
dropped the ref kind of blows it down quick and says Nemestikov cheated and Hartman didn't do
anything to him because the puck was actually dropped.
So Cole Perfetti comes in and then right off the draw,
Hartman just sticks him right in the face with a high stick.
Ended up getting fined.
It was bad.
It was bad.
It was blatant.
He got fined 4,500, whatever the max fine is.
Oh, pee-pee-whack.
And he told, now Perfetti didn't tell anyone this on the team during the game,
but Hartman out on the ice told him, hey, that one was for that cross check on Kaprizov last night by Dillon.
So apparently, like, he tells the media after this, this is Perfetti talking,
and then all of a sudden, Bonas is asked, he's like, we didn't know that.
Things would have been handled a lot differently, but I wanted to get your opinion, Biz, on the fact that, hey, you take out one of our best players.
I'm going to stick you in the face even though you had nothing to do with it.
That's kind of that old school mentality.
That's old school.
Where some skilled players used to back in the day, I'm sure, be like, oh, fuck.
Someone's going to come after me now because this game's gotten out of hand.
I didn't even do anything.
But Hartman's a dirty little scumbag player that you want on your team and yeah i don't know like i don't know
what to say about it no i i mean i'm not gonna condone sticking a guy in the face because
obviously the result could be uh catastrophic i mean we had uh terry ryan talk about the one
where it was an accidental where the guy ended up losing his eye right so so if you're a if you're
a jets fan hearing me talk
right now i'm not going to defend what the actions were but i can't sit here and tell you that i don't
love this type of mental warfare where oh yeah you want to go after our skilled guy i'm going to go
after your skilled guy and and and the onslaught will continue and it's kind of like you're gonna
if you guys want to be a bunch of fucking idiots, you're going to reap the punishment of it because I can't get to that guy.
Cause Hartman's Hartman's not the type of guy who's going to go after Dylan.
He has other guys on his team who will handle business with Dylan.
But knowing that it's like, Hey man, we're, we're all in this together and I'm going to be cheap shot in your skill guys now.
And, and going after a low hanging fruit,anging fruit as they say i i love that shit and if
hartman was on my team and and and the the only bad part about it is and you might have already
mentioned this hartman was the one wearing the wire or was it perfetti the one that was wearing
perfetti was perfetti was wearing a mic so there's like video or audio evidence of him saying that to them so maybe
next time you do it don't tell him why you're doing it just do it and and he might not have
got fined if the audio wasn't there because because because if anything the word the the
the threat of the unknown is what would eat me alive like getting that and wondering why i got
it and and then now you're sitting with those thoughts
is is worse than him being like i just stuck you in the face because of what happened to kaprizov
so i want to um oh sorry i like how you i just i like how you brought this all up because
minnesota's a team that's going to be trying to claw for a wild card spot i would imagine
and winnipeg has now built this culture which which seems like, I don't want to say it wasn't like this last year
because they still had guys like Dylan and Lowry
and guys who would stick up for themselves,
but it's evident that this is becoming a boys club
who believes in one another,
and they're galvanizing even more as a group,
especially with Rick Bonas under the helm
and the call-out that came after last year's playoff.
So this is the big bag Winnipeg Jets.
I don't know how many people had that on their big O card this year,
and I love every fucking minute of it.
And right back to Minnesota as well with that type of culture in the locker room
and probably a big reason why they brought Patty Maroon in
in the offseason as well.
And as the Winnipeg Jets' dream season goes on, what happens?
Lowry fights Maroon off the opening drop.
He then scores a goal.
Lowry gets a goal.
And what happens?
Perfetti gets the high stick, goes to the bench, gets fixed up,
gets a big assist on the second goal of the game.
So it's like this team is doing everything they need to do.
And actually, I think right now the Central is the only division
where you could say the top three teams,
those will be the top three teams at the end of the year.
I think the Atlantic is such a crapshoot.
I mean, the Metro is such a crapshoot with Philly still holding a spot.
Can that continue?
The Atlantic, obviously, you got Toronto.
You got the Panthers.
Who knows who's going to be the top three there?
The Pacific Gong Show, what's going on out there?
But then the Central, it's Colorado. Right now it's Winnipe on out there but then the central it's colorado
right now it's winnipeg ahead of dallas and then it's dallas those will be the three teams getting
those auto bids from that division and i think you could seal that one up now but what a season
the jets are having and it's great to see how tough they play how much they stick together and
then that they got hellebuck it's it's the recipe for a surprising, no one saw it coming besides Army,
possible cup run by the Jets.
And I don't,
had we talked in the last podcast
about that amazing comeback
by the Arizona Coyotes on Colorado?
And we'd already talked about that?
No, I think that happened after we recorded.
Game notes discussed it.
We went back to last podcast trying to stroke off mckinnon and
the good things that colorado has and then we also talked about the things that they don't have going
on devon taves who called out their team things are things are a little shaky in that locker room
i think that would be my prediction on what's going on and and and obviously the call out speaks
for itself but to go into arizona after
that call out and have something like that happen there's a massive disconnect between the core
group of guys there and the layer of guys that need to get on board if they have a sniff of
winning a second cup in this little kind of which you would think would be a dynasty stretch for the
colorado avalanche like everybody thought after they won their first one,
if you could have bet,
if they would have won a second one in the next five years,
I think most people would have taken that bet.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah,
absolutely.
And right now,
right now you just said it's kind of up for anyone's grab to win that division,
but those are going to be the three that are solidified.
I don't,
I,
I,
I, right now I would pick
Winnipeg Jets in a seven game
series over the Colorado Avalanche.
I will say that they blew that game
and you saw
Gorgiev flipping out after.
Gorgiev. Gorgiev flipping out.
But they went on the road and they had a
huge game and held on for a win
right after that against St. Louis.
2-1. So at least you're seeing a response from that complete meltdown that they
came back.
And I think that was actually the game that ended McKinnon's point streak.
But, you know, for him to end that point streak and for them to still get
the win after blowing that game, it showed some resolve at least.
But I know what you're saying, but it's hard to be really like critical
while they're leading the division and and have us right now the nhl's mvp and mckinnon blazing
around out there i feel like it's pretty simple they just they're missing gabriel landis kog in
that locker room like he you know your captain is and and and uh he would he would kind of be a bit
of a diffuser in a sense of how quick-wicked McKinnon is
and maybe how he responds when, you know,
he's a very intense guy.
He's got that Jordan-esque to him, right?
He's fucking in guys' faces.
A little good cop, bad cop, Miz.
A little good.
That's what they need.
Maybe just fucking bring him in between periods
just to sit there in his kitchen
and be around with the boys.
No?
Did you ever have that wit? a guy that provided that much leadership just sit in your gear and then we come in you can just
act like you've been playing and then we'll go back on the ice i mean he's he's making seven
million i think it's the least he could do there's a big comeback like that to where they i was any
streaking going on on campus after the big comeback there? But I'll just say I was very pessimistic about what they were doing
because I wanted them to try to get another high draft pick
with the amount of talent that was in these next
we went back to the Bedard draft, and then this year they're saying
that there's a lot of highly touted prospects.
So I wanted them to tank.
But, gee, you said it.
You said, I love what these guys are doing.
I love what they're doing.
There's a fucking chance that the Coyotes end up getting a wild card spot and if that is the case tourney should be considered a top three candidate for the for the coach of
the year right now though i think it's easy to say that we got torts we got talk and then
who would you who would you guys? It's hard not to say Montgomery again.
I probably wouldn't say Montgomery again.
But if you got it last year, they're just as good,
and they lost Bergeron and Gracie.
Three Ts, though.
Torts, Tork, Tarigny.
I certainly wouldn't disagree.
If Arizona gets in the playoffs, there's no doubt he's at the awards.
Torts, Tork, and Tarigny, the triple T.
I like that, all right?
That should be the three right now.
I got money on all three of them.
I'm rooting for the Czechs now.
I still got, I think, a 16-1 ticket live on the Czechs.
I had 50-1 on the Slovaks.
So you're rooting for the Czechs over the U.S.?
I'm just rooting for the Czechs to win the tournament money-wise.
I mean, we'll see what happens down the line.
Wait, we're talking about Minnesota.
We got to give a shout-out to your former teammate, Marc-urry played in his 1000th nhl game what a fucking hell of an
accomplishment he's got 550 wins he's only one behind patrick wah he had a nice little prank
wah i mean obviously he's well known for them him and brandon duhaime i guess i don't know i think
uh what's his name flurry hit his shoes or something so he had to wear these like white
fur boots he looked like something out of an asha video. And then he put a cane, Duhame put a cane on Flurry's net,
so he was playing with a fucking cane during practice.
He is good at giving the pranks whip, but he loves getting them as much.
He seems like he enjoys getting pranked as much.
I don't know Brandon Duhame, but I'm telling you right now,
you ain't going to win this one, bud.
This is not the guy you want to do prank wars with
because he won't sleep at night until he thinks of another one to embarrass you.
I think he took his shirt at one point to do him.
He was coming up to the game or leaving the game with no shirt under his suit jacket.
The Kane one was pretty good, though.
Of course, Fleury ends up sitting there making saves in practice with a cane as a stick.
So, I mean, Fleury's just an incredible character.
It's like on the ice, he's had this amazing career,
Hall of Famer,
no doubt,
but then off the ice
everyone who's ever
played with him
talks about how great
of a dude he is.
He's laughing,
he's smiling,
he's fucking with people,
he's screwing with people's
dads on the dad's trip.
There's no end
to his madness
in the prank wars
and so to see him
play this long
and be this good
still is great.
I think it all started
when Duhaime
chirped his age. I think he said, ah, it's pretty impressive what he's doing for a 50-year-old and be this good still is great. I think it all started when Duhaime chirped his age.
I think he said,
ah, it's pretty impressive what he's doing for a 50-year-old.
And that might have began it all.
I don't know if it had already been going on.
He ain't going to retire.
He's going to come back one more year just to torture this guy.
And I would just use the word special
because I think that any time a guy
who has had that successful of a career
yet maintained how classy he is but yet still
found a way to entertain people through any type of the social media or any of these media requests
and showing his personality i think that's one thing that that the hockey world and the hockey
players might get criticized for but i can also understand where guys have so much pressure on
them making all the money and being the stars to perform on the ice,
where maybe they tend to be a little bit more reserved off.
This is a star in our league for so many years that provided entertainment,
not only on the ice, but off the ice as well.
And, you know, I've done work with the NHL on the social media side,
and they said like he is one of the easiest,
if not the easiest guys to work with.
So for him to kind of carry the weight on and all of it he's just a special guy and and i believe he's a hall of famer and i think that that is that kind of an obvious statement he's a hall of famer
he's gonna be second all-time in wins right all right uh he's gonna be yeah his next win will
have him tie with patty woff for number two overall. So also the coolest thing looking back is, I mean,
the greatest draft in the history of the NHL, 2003.
And he was the first pick.
He was the first pick.
So it's amazing.
I feel like a lot of guys in that draft could have been like,
holy shit, what a disappointing first overall.
Look at who was after him.
And when you look back, it really wasn't because of what he's done.
So he's lived up to the expectations.
It's incredible because he's lived up to them.
Crosby's somehow lived up to those.
Malkin's lived up to them.
And you know who else has lived up to everything,
even though he was a second rounder?
Chris LePang.
Did you see what G's Walmart Eric Carlson did the other night
against the Islanders, boys?
Five apples in one frigging period?
Unbelievable.
Put up the most points by a defenseman in a single period in NHL history.
He assisted on five straight second-period goals.
The only other player with five helpers in a period was the late Dale Howichek back in 1984 for Winnipeg.
Letang assisted on his sixth straight goal in the third period to tie the NHL record for assists by a D-man in a game.
The last defenseman to have six assists in a game
was Gary Suter way back in 86.
Shout out to Gino Malkin.
A pair of goals. He passed the great Sergei Fedorov
and is now second all-time.
NHL goes by a Russian.
Your old team, they'd still get it done there, Whitdog.
It's unbelievable.
It's just the disrespect from G going into the season.
Chirping, chirping.
I can't hear you guys.
Wi-Fi in and out.
Wi-Fi's going in and out.
I was talking about Chris Letang,
like he's Ryan Whitney
skating around for the Penguins.
I mean, it's,
I actually wasn't watching the game
and somebody sent a biz.
I think you were on the tweet too.
Like, did Chris Letang just have five assists
in 10 minutes of game time?
I was like, what the hell?
And I went onto the app
thinking that it would be a broken NHL app mistake
for standard, and it wasn't.
I said, holy shit.
He's snapping it around in Long Island.
So the pen's retracted.
His game recalibrated the app.
It's actually fixed now.
So thank you to Chris Letang.
And in terms of Penguins news, they're getting Russ back,
who's been away for a month, who's been an awesome player
ever since he's been in Pittsburgh.
So I feel like they've been better lately, and they're still,
I think they're seventh in that division or sixth in that division.
It's just so hard to make up ground, and Carolina's getting going a little bit.
Ajo went on a tear.
I think he had eight points in about an hour of ice time over two games, or less than an hour.
So that division's impossible
to predict, but the Islanders
took a beatdown at the hands of LeTang.
The Walmart Carlson.
Friday night here at Emerald City,
John Tortorella
became the first U.S.-born coach to reach
1,500 games. Eighth overall
to hit that number. He's in his 22nd
season with his fifth team.
723 wins, his 10th all-time, and second among U.S.-born coaches.
He's right off the lavy.
He's made the playoffs 12 times.
Jack Adams awarded 0-4 in 2017.
So, Torts keeps getting it done.
And also, Paul Maurice, he hit the magic number 1,800.
Just the third coach ever to hit that number.
Scottie Bowman first, Barry Trott second.
So, congratulations to those guys.
Those are huge numbers, very impressive.
And I just want to give a little tip of the cap to those guys.
And boys, I mentioned we had comedian Ian Begg.
If you haven't heard of this guy, absolute character.
You should probably check him in his material,
but we're going to send it over to him right now.
So enjoy.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at Sport Clips.
Your hair may grow fast, but after going to Sport Clips haircuts, you wish it grew even faster.
That's because Sport Clips has the best seats in here.
And that may or may not be because they happen to be right in front of TVs playing sports all day, every day.
We know that watching sports while getting a haircut sure beats watching reflection getting a haircut. which is why at Sport Clips, every day is clippers and curveballs, high tops
and Hail Marys, and even waves and wickets, if you're into that kind of thing. At Sport Clips,
you can check in with the pros in men's hair and totally check out with pure, uninterrupted
relaxation. So yeah, come watch an endless stream of sports on TV
while getting an awesome haircut.
Sport Clips, it's a game changer.
Okay, it's time to bring on our next guest.
We got a little something different for you today on Spitting Chicklets.
Hailing from British Columbia, this comedian started off in his home country,
eventually made his way to New York City, where his career really took off.
In addition to appearing on Last Comic Standard and several late night talk shows, he's also had specials on Comedy Central, HBO and Showtime, among others.
We're very happy to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Ian Begg.
Thanks for coming on, pal. How goes it?
Thanks for having me, guys. I appreciate it.
Oh, man, my hockey career has finally maxed out. I'm on stage.
What do you mean?
You got a hockey podcast.
I just found out about that, too.
Yeah, I got a great podcast.
It's fantastic.
No, we have a lot of fun.
I grew up when Terrace, British Columbia, and one of my friends played in the league,
Jeff Sharples.
And we just talk hockey and where it takes you through your life, you know, because it
doesn't matter what
level of hockey play you play you still end up with hockey people no matter what right
so were you playing at a young age oh yes yes i've been a donkey since i was about three
well i was at your show in boston it was unreal i i didn't know what to expect because i hadn't
seen you prior just Just torturing,
torturing people on the show.
Before I went in there, I
talked to Scott Darling. I talked to
Avery, who I know you know both those guys pretty
well. They said, don't go near the stage. This
guy will carve you up. I sat in the back
just trying to stay out of the light
of getting tortured by you. But has that always
been your thing? Almost it said
there isn't like a
monologue it's like a dialogue with everyone the entire time yeah it's kind of like uh it kind of
grew into that when i first started out as uh i was i was influenced by a huge boston guy steven
wright oh the best the best i was very one-liner and i i spent a lot of time with mitch headberg
we we started out together he lived in seattle and come up to
vancouver and we'd go do these spots and i had long hair and looked like a loser he had long
hair and looked like a gorgeous rock star and we just do we do these shows and and i would do a
little bit of crowd work every so often and it would just it would just kind of grew into this
monster that it is so uh do you find that maybe being in the
hockey locker room made you quicker on your toes and that's why you were so good at picking these
people out of the crowd not so much the locker room but sitting on those little buses when we
were kids like it was just you know we and and i'm old enough we didn't have any entertainment
we are our our video games were those uh those those those video games that were just lights.
Like you'd play baseball and it'd go blink, blink, blink, blink.
Little metallic battery ones?
Yeah.
So the battery would kill it within like three minutes of being on the bus.
And now we're just staring at each other.
Grab each other's cars.
Dad's sitting in the corner drunk and just watching us.
So we just started making stuff up.
Driving the bus.
Yeah.
Driving the bus yeah driving the bus i feel like you and ra are going to be relating a lot to all these old school video games and
anything going on probably before me and wit were born yeah you guys you guys you guys have no idea
there are lights and video games yeah yeah back in the day oh it's a battery what like what what
gave you the balls to start doing stand-up comedy because i
i mean wit ra i don't know if you guys would ever have the jam to get up there too haven't yet so
probably it's a different it's a different beast and and it was awesome to see uh scott darling
uh do it as well but like how did you get your start what gave you that little little jump to
even get into it uh it's it's what i want to do i grew up
on listening to my uh parents albums like uh there was it was bill cosby it was just talking about
comedy all right do we have to believe that holy shit look i love bill cosby
but he used to he used to he had these albums and he'd paint these pictures with his words and i could see
everything he talked about and that's that's how i wanted to be i wanted to paint pictures with my
words so uh it was i don't know but i grew up in the middle of nowhere terrace british columbia so
you go if you're in vancouver you drive 12 hours to prince george you take a left to prince george go another eight
till you hit prince rupert and then come back an hour that's terrace oh my god holy shit yeah that
and that'll that'll that'll fire them up it's not that far it's not that far i'm like yes it is
yeah i believe we call that isolation is uh is where that is there's actually quite a few uh
well i mean for the size of it,
quite a few NHLers that came out of there.
Yeah, a lot of them.
Yeah, there's Jeff.
There's a couple of tough guys came out of there.
Rudy Pochek came out of there.
He used to just smash everybody's face in town,
and then he decided he had to go to a bigger venue.
So I would assume growing up you were a vancouver canucks fan would you get down
to games yes so so when i grew up again i'll relate to ra rather yeah just talk to ra after
we sit around and watch video games uh so we we got cbc where i grew up we got cbc ctv when i was really young so we got mostly toronto games but
every so often there would be a vancouver game and i saw a different jersey and i'm like this is
awesome so i became a vancouver canuck fan and then i realized even though i was nowhere near
vancouver i realized that was the closest place that had a hockey team so then I started getting
the uh every year shoppers drug mart would put out a calendar with the team on it so I had the team
you know in in the house marking off the games and stuff like that so like even though we never
one guy dresses a fireman or something like he's got the the tar off, like one of those types of calendars. It wasn't a sexy calendar.
One guy just sprawled out on the beach.
Oh, I love it.
Beat your meat to Trevor Linden.
That goes exactly.
So were they being sexy?
You got the whole rap man seat on.
Yeah.
Just, yeah.
Ian, how old were you when you said, I want to be a comedian?
I want to do this for a living?
How old were you?
I was quite young.
I was probably 15, but I just had no idea how to get there, right?
So my mom's from Australia, so we'd live in Australia for a little bit every so often. And when I was 17, when I finished high school, I took off to Australia.
And then I ended up back in Terrace.
And I ended up with a job working for an explosives company. And I started off right at the bottom.
I would just be the guy that would carry the explosives into the, into the truck from the
magazine. Fourth liner. They're like, be careful here, Ian. Yeah. So yeah. Oh, I was just going to
say like, what was it like growing up in australia like i mean
you know not every kid gets to experience that it was hot it was great it was fantastic there
was beaches it was there was stoplights in the towns that i was in it was crazy it was it was
we were in sydney when i go over there we go for periods of time when we'd be in sydney and then i
come back to this little town in northern Canada.
I'm like, I got to get to the city.
The city is much better.
And I have no idea how my dad tricked my mom into going to this little cold village in Canada.
So yeah, it was pretty great.
But yeah, so I was working in explosives.
I was going to take off to become an engineer.
I wanted to learn how to do implosions. I wanted to learn how to take
buildings out of cities without ruining other buildings around it. That's what I wanted to do.
And I ended up doing an open mic night that had a contest. And I was so green, I had no idea.
I had my jokes written on my hand. was so nervous i sweat them off so i had
nothing on my hand when i went to look at my hand so i ended up doing impressions of fish with my
hands i didn't win the contest and i thought well that's it i gave my i gave my shot i guess that
show business you know because i where i was from show business was basically basically an archie
comic where a limousine just seen you walking down the street and said that guy's funny get
into show business but uh the guy so i thought i i'd done my due and the manager of the club just
happened to see me walking out and he said hey you should come back next week and do it so i
came back the next week and just that's how it started so and i never went to school that was it
that was it then i was in i'm like i'm in i'm bit well well i read one thing that i think your
history teacher when you were young said to your parents like is there something you need to tell
me about ian what's wrong with this kid that's it so i had this history uh teacher henry drager
and he was a little boring.
And we used to sit at these long desks, like almost tables.
And I used to pretend that I was Paul Schaefer.
And he'd ask me a question and I'd always answer with, well, Dave.
And I'd pretend to play at the piano.
So I should have probably been in a special needs class.
Take the short bus here, Ian.
Late night monkey cam.
You said you'd take the short bus.
I drove it. You must have been a big Letterman fan then.
Oh my God.
So what would you say your biggest,
like what made you explode?
Because when I saw you,
I think you mentioned like the amount of social media followers you had exploded over the past two years.
Like what was it that happened that made you finally blow up?
Honestly, I've been doing comedy for about 25 years.
And in December of last year, I kind of fired everybody in my camp.
I just kept one person.
of last year, I kind of fired everybody in my camp. I just kept one person. And then I met this kid who was about 22 years old, who knows social media. He said, let me cut your, your clips and
put them on line. And I couldn't believe it. It's just, it's just gone insane. It's gone,
it's gone on YouTube. It's gone from 5,000 followers to about 230,000 followers. Right.
So that's,
that's since January when it's 130 million views this year.
So it just kind of started filling up the rooms and adding people come in and
you,
YouTube,
Facebook is up to about 400,000.
And it's just people,
people are just coming out of their woodwork that just want to have fun,
escape for an hour and not take things too
serious which is my style of comedy yeah that's huge um as like and no offense like as an older
guy was it a little bit uncomfortable at first maybe speak up it was a little uncomfortable
getting into the social media world with your comedy and i would say that probably yeah most
comics don't want to put their material out there because you want to waste it but the good thing is is you're doing crowd work so it's all different from night
to night right that's very true like when i started doing comedy you saved everything you didn't show
anybody anything and then you got on a late night show and then you showed five minutes right that's minutes, right? That's how it was. So my generation or whatever group, we, it was very difficult to
let things go. But I'd heard a long time ago, a saying, those most resistant to change are the
first to be left behind. So I was just like, I guess got to give it up. I just got to do it.
And what I've learned is the new style of comedy is just putting it out there. It's not, there's nothing to save it for.
Right.
So if you're a good comedian,
you just put it out there and then Netflix comes and says,
do a special and you can write in a special.
You don't have to save that stuff.
You just put it out there.
That's going to find you people.
So it was,
it was tough,
but it was,
it's freeing to me.
Like I just put,
you know,
just put stuff up now,
just whatever. We I just put stuff up now. Just whatever.
We just keep putting stuff.
It's almost similar to what we've talked about with viewership in sports,
that younger kids and the younger generation just wants clips,
and then boom.
That kind of makes sense in terms of why you exploded.
But how long was it until you were able to make it your full-time occupation?
You're working side deals and side gigs, and you have a main job, was it until you were able to like make it your full-time occupation like your your work inside
deals inside gigs and and you have a main job and then at some point you were like all right i can
go all in on this that must have been so relieving for you it actually it wasn't i never i never
really did the relieving thing uh until this year this is the first time i've ever actually been
relieved i've always been like edge edge okay here we go even
though i've been making good money for years it's now i feel comfortable right so uh i stopped doing
any sort of side job when i moved to new york is when it was when i when i stopped needing to make
more money than i had right and then now i'm an actual business. That's the difference. I don't
know. I don't know if that makes sense. Like, no, it does. Cause it's kind of like sports.
You can make money, but it can end tomorrow. Right. So you got to be careful because a certain
amount of money doesn't last for longer than tomorrow. So always got to be you kind of have to be edgy
right and you have to kind of all right all right so uh try to figure things out and every comedian
says whether it's once or several times like you bomb and and do you remember your first time
i remember my i remember my last time yesterday
that's every show but you can just carve everyone if they start booing you so like
that's a win yeah i just snap on him that's how he sets them up he just starts bombing he just
starts going at people once they start yipping i just start taking it down right into the mountain
and then i just pull it right i remember the first time bombing uh i was at yuck yucks in vancouver
and this is when i was first starting out i did it was the first time bombing uh i was at yuck yucks in vancouver and this is when i was first
starting out i did there was the first time i did their room and there was like 20 people there and
they were just staring at me just staring and it turns out they're all from switzerland and don't
speak english i'm like this is great give a guy a warning that's just starting out in comedy. No.
Bombing can be freeing, to be honest with you.
It's pretty amazing that a group of people can agree that they don't like you.
That quickly.
That quickly.
That quickly.
You're like, ha, just by walking to stage, you can tell you don't like me.
I looked at your face and there was something about it.
Yeah, some of the way your eyes sit on your face do not make me happy.
So I was just going to say, doing crowd work, though, can be a little dangerous if you start going at the wrong guy. Have you ever had any instances where security had to get involved or you're just carving a guy up and he's got some liquor courage and attacks the stage i had one i was in texas i was in arlington texas and um there was this fella and
he was on a date and he was i don't know it's a pretty big room it's about 350 and he's probably
about you know 250 and and he's just like built like you know just a mutant and he's just like Bill, like, you know, just a mutant. And he's on a date,
and I go, I said, what do you do?
And he said, I'm a gangbanger.
That's what he said.
Right.
Trying to be the comedian.
Was he trying to be the comedian
or was he trying to be tough, right?
So I said...
Either way, you got him.
Right?
I said, there's two types of gangbanging I know.
The type I'm into and...
Yeah. Is it the shoot-s shoot or the fun one
and he gets up and he chucks a rock glass at me right just like and this is a big boy
and i can see it coming at me and i step to the side and it hits the wall behind me, which is made of brick, falls to the ground and doesn't break.
And I just hear a bunch of people go like they made fun of them for not breaking the glass against the wall.
Right.
So I said, hey, man, less shoulders, more squats.
Right.
And he got up and he ran out of the building.
Now, he said he's a gang.
So all I can think is. And you're in Texas. Yeah. and he got up and he ran out of the building. Now he said, he's a gang bang.
So all I can think is,
well,
you're in Texas.
Yeah.
He's going out to get a gun.
That's what he's going to do.
Right. I thought we were just going.
Exactly.
So,
and he's on a date and he runs out of the building and there's bouncers.
And I go,
where'd he go?
He goes,
he got in his car and I'm like,
this is where the gun is.
Right.
And he drove away,
left his date right and i said
and she just didn't care i guess it wasn't going well or what or whatever and then it just got
worse with me talking to him and he drove away so what kind of car and they said a porsche and i
said what color and they said purple i said that's sad that he couldn't even get the color he wanted
but he didn't he didn't come back and kill me which was was great about it but i insisted
on walking to the hotel that night i don't know what it was about my machismo but i'm like he's
probably out here waiting for me but i gotta walk there if i'm gonna die i'm not gonna be in a
shuttle on the way to the hotel that is so good i would ask when did like crowd shift from going
like oh we're going to a comedy show you might hear anything you might be offended to like oh my god this is offensive i don't want to hear
this like there's been a huge shift in that has there not i don't know i don't know if there has
been you know it's i think there the shift has been now that it's online people see it like i i
remember having a lady yell at me once that i did comedy wrong because of the way I did it. I'm just like,
how am I doing it wrong? She said, you're not taking it serious. I'm like, you do, you do hear
what you're saying, right? Like people, people are going to be offended no matter what you have
to be yourself. I think I talked to Paul once about this. You're going to offend people no
matter what. So if you just do you, it's better better like if you try to be something else and then
you still offend people you feel like a piece of shit afterwards because you weren't true to
yourself so you just might as well offend and just get the people that enjoy you as crazy as that
scene was with that juice monkey you threw the glass at you i would imagine that's probably not
your craziest interaction doing stand-up is there anything that's even wilder than that i would
imagine like i don't know if you're married or not but probably some good-looking girls maybe reach out to you after the show
no uh good-looking girls do not like comedy
uh yeah when i when i was single i i i if i can suggest to anybody do comedy travel the world and get yourself a
french bulldog and just nail everything right so yeah yeah i want to ask you as well with the same
age basically like the first wave of political correctness i think was like the late 80s early
90s and the pendulum swung the other way we started getting like you know gross movies like
american pie and stuff right and it's come the other way way way toward the left do you think it's gonna like fully swing back the other way or are started getting like, you know, gross movies like American pie and stuff. Right. And it's come the other way, way,
way toward the left.
Do you think it's going to like fully swing back the other way?
Or are we going to be stuck on this like side for a little while?
It's a weird time.
I think it's,
I think it goes like,
it will go back the other way.
And I think it's starting to a little bit.
There's,
there's been some like Chrysler's movie was hilarious.
I don't know if you've seen the machine.
It was just,
it was offside. It was stupid. It was't know if you've seen The Machine. It was offside.
It was stupid.
It was drug-filled, sex-filled, and just escape is all it is, right?
So I don't know.
People have to get back to the point where, do you want to be entertained, right?
I'm not trying to teach you anything.
I'm not trying to give you any morals or anything.
I'm just trying to entertain you. And I'm trying to make you laugh at stuff that you never thought
you'd laugh at, right? So you've made your decision when you've walked in the door of a
club or walked into a movie theater that you want to see something that is going to entertain you.
So either go along for the ride or don't get on the ride. Right. I can't help you. I don't, I don't know. I don't know what people's lives are that want
to complain about everything. Like they just want to, they want to be offended. I don't know. I
don't know what that, what it is. So. Well, at the show I saw you, you were, I think you could
be described as offensive as shit and people loved it. And we're in Massachusetts too, where people
are super left
leaning liberal and i was like this guy's unbelievable he's going at everything and
everyone yeah absolutely absolutely people loved it they didn't give a shit so maybe you're right
in terms of people seeing it online that weren't actually in the building they're the ones who get
rattled yeah there's definitely um people that check they want to see comedy you know on your
settings i want to see comedy and then they see comedy and they're like i check they want to see comedy you know on your settings i want to see
comedy and then they see comedy and they're like i didn't want to see comedy i didn't set it for
this yeah so so yeah they're they're those people out there it's it's just it's weird right it's
weird people are weird it's weird time you just want to have fun so i i don't care like whatever whatever ian one of the more fascinating things i read was uh
you've met three american presidents yes in your lifetime have you performed for all of them and
which ones did you end up meeting i haven't performed for any of them so you're sneaking
into the white house like how the fuck you get well well i have been to the white house once i
was doing a show in uh in dc and this guy came up to me afterwards and goes you want have been to the White House. Once I was doing a show in D.C.
and this guy came up to me afterwards and goes,
you want to go to the White House tomorrow?
I'm like, all right.
He goes, well, give me your driver's license.
I'm like, okay.
I'm that stupid of a guy.
I'm like, all right, here's my ID.
Where's my money?
But he turned out to be the Marine Honor Guard
that is in between you and
the president so he set me up to just go on a tour of of the of the white house it was crazy
it was i'm just like i'm walking around he goes hey can you put on a collared shirt though
i had to put on a collared shirt to go to the white house it was a little disappointing
who who was in uh power i guess you could say that that bush was in power but george bush too
and while i was there there was very much security around the bathrooms this is a great story that
i've never told i don't know i don't think i've told this on anything but uh they had a poop
smear in the white house somebody was using one of the bathrooms and after every time they'd use it they'd wipe poop on them
they what they'd wipe their poop on the walls of the bathroom in the white house and this was
before biden was in office what the fuck are you talking about somebody smeared shit in one of the
bathrooms on all they would have they had like at least six cameras and i'm not gonna say if it was
a boy's or a girl's bathroom but they had at least six cameras pointing towards this one bathroom because i asked about i'm like well
why do you guys have so many cameras on the bathroom i'm like who's weird that's a little
weird and they told they said yeah we got some we got a poop smear inside job who uh who uh what
other presidents have you met you really want to know about these presidents well i mean i think it's pretty fascinating no it's fucking it is it is it is fast so uh so
when i i so as i've said a hockey hockey's been a through line through my life so um when i first
moved to la i wasn't as busy right so i helped coach helped coach like a 16, 17-year-old hockey team,
14, 15-year-old hockey team in Burbank.
And it was all rich kids.
And they used to wheel this guy in every so often.
And he would watch.
And it turned out to be Reagan.
So that was one of them, right?
Reagan's grandson played hockey on this team.
And they said, that's Reagan right over there. So that was one of them, right? Reagan's grandson played hockey on this team. And they said, that's Reagan right over there.
So that was one.
Then another time before he was president with Obama, I was on a plane with Obama.
I sat behind him on a United plane.
And that was obviously before he started running.
So he had to fly coach as well.
It wasn't like we were both in first class.
We were both starting our careers.
And then another time I was on a plane with Carter.
And that was coming out of Atlanta.
And I remember he walked around and shook everybody's hand on the plane.
Hello, hello, I'm Jimmy Carter, Jimmy Carter, right?
And they had to make an announcement.
If Mr. Carter would sit down, we could pull back from the gate.
I loved it. And there was a lady sitting sitting two above me and she goes mr carter
you're the greatest of all times and there's a guy beside me goes easy
that was so much fun it doesn't matter who you are you're gonna get chirped no matter what right
yeah doesn't matter and when you were making your bones about new york back in the like mid to late
90s who are the guys were coming up with you?
Like guys, I guess, famous now that you might have.
Absolutely.
So I remember, so how I ended up in New York was I was at the Montreal Comedy Festival.
I wasn't on it.
I went to see my friend on it.
And then I ended up on some shows.
And this guy invited me now to New York.
And I took it at that age.
I should move to New York. So I took 700, moved to New York, lived in a youth hostel, ended up getting set to this
place called the comic strip. Uh, I used to have to go, it used to be, um, it'd be Chappelle,
it'd be Chris Rock, um, Ray Romano, um, Red Johnny and the round guy guy i don't know if you remember them uh all these huge names
david tell uh louis ck and i would always get the check spots where that was the new guy's spot
where you just the checks would be paying being paid and you just eat shit for like seven minutes
it was fantastic so but i just kind of grew out of that you just either either either built your skin or
you just left the business right so yeah gaffigan gaffigan and i used to hang out all the time back
then we used to get the same spots is is it a competitive industry or was everyone very willing
to help each other out everybody's with buddies or is it a little hostile in there with maybe some
of the egos no it's it's it's a very it's a very we'll all help
each other out until you get something and then you're a fucking asshole he fucking sucked anyway
we made it let's try and tear him down now what a douche i can't believe he's doing it yeah
calm bitch yeah but everybody we do we guys help each other out all the time yeah because it's just it's
you don't when you first start out you get to hang out with your buddies more as you grow
you're on your own running around the world right so you don't get to see your buddies so it's it's
it's it's kind of hard we try to try to make it so we can get back to that point where we're all
being stupid when we started out so when was it when you got on to last comic standing because
you made a great run there i think you were one of the finalists correct i was one of the finalists
that was i did their last season of it and i got disqualified in the end um so i was in i was in
the finals and how i do it was every week i would you had to write your jokes for them that you were going to do and it's
eight o'clock nbc so they're a little tight and uh you know they would go over it with um with um
by standards and practices and they would pick the jokes you couldn't do so i would always put
these offside jokes in so i could get less offside jokes in.
Right.
So I,
their eyes would go there.
Well,
on the last one I sent in,
I put in a joke about going down on a girl for the first time and they did not understand.
So they cleared it.
You're like,
how did this one get by him?
That's exactly what I was like.
No way.
I went up and did it.
And Norm MacDonald goes,
I can't believe you just did a joke
about going down on a girl for the first time.
That was great.
You're never going to win, but that was great.
So they pulled me aside and they said, are disqualified you got a red card for
i mean could you tell the joke again yeah it's a i i i said um uh i i said everybody remembers
the first time they went down on girls got a little bit of a kick that nobody warns you about
right it's kind of like it's kind of like like having Caesar salad for the first time.
With anchovies in some of them.
Oh, yeah.
And I say to some of the girls, oh, man, no, it tastes like
peaches. I say, yeah, peaches, if it had a battery
in it.
But I did
that on NBC at 8 o'clock.
Oh, my God.
What a coup!
Oh, God.
There was some lady in Alabama
calling us.
She passed out when she was watching.
You mentioned Norm.
I mean, absolute legend of the game.
We lost him a couple years ago. Were you friendly with him?
Did you get to hang out with him much?
That was the first time I'd ever met him.
And he was a huge hero of mine from when
i was a kid right so i uh i do my first set and he goes i've known ian forever i've watched him
forever and i was just like this guy knows who i am right now i was just shocked and surprised but
i got to hang with him a couple times and he was always great and yeah just a funny guy and just
another one of those guys you just do your
thing and be as offside as you can and have fun i was just gonna say is a situation where like
your guy's wheels are just constantly turning day in and day out trying to like take everyday
situations and turning into jokes like are you able to shut it off um i think i'm able to shut
it off in certain situations where i just don't say anything. But if I said something, I get myself into trouble.
But you must drive your wife nuts sometimes.
It's like, shut the fuck up.
She says that a lot.
My wife's an occupational therapist, and I'm pretty sure I might be a client, not a husband.
Yeah, exactly.
I know you talked about Cosby earlier.
What would you say your top five albums or sets are?
And since you've been following comedy, doing comedy, whatever.
Like of guys that I've liked?
Yeah, just, yeah.
Since I guess the last 50 years,
like the best sets or concerts or whatever,
what would you say?
I'd say Sam Kinison.
Anything that he did was insanely funny offside and
poignant you know he was he was he was just so funny uh early early bill cosby stuff was
was absolutely hilarious um don rickles is hilarious oh yeah but also i'm a huge fan of
jonathan winters like i love spinning stuff just not and not just you
know when you came to the show with i'm i'm sure you noticed that it wasn't just it wasn't just
hammered but hammering somebody but making a story up that was outrageous right yes so that that's
that's what i like that kind of stuff so yeah but those those those four and i i think i think chappelle honestly is
one of it can't be denied for being absolutely amazing like he can take a break where he doesn't
get a laugh for four minutes like what comedian can do that and still keep their attention that's
the most impressive thing ever right Right? So, yeah.
Oh, like you're saying the buildup.
Yeah.
Yeah, just tell the story and tell the story
and keep people's interest, you know?
Because you did bring up people like clips,
so you got to keep them laughing like that, right?
And he's able to keep the distance.
And the laughs are massive.
And mix in something something about like a social
issue where he just nails it too and you're like holy fuck this guy's just got it all man yeah
he's he's he's impressive and but there's so many guys out there like segura is fantastic
kreischer is fantastic a guy named chad daniels there's so many great comedians and i feel
horrible because i just named three white guys.
I'm like, did he come up with a girl?
Yeah, yeah, mixing all the diversity.
You know what I mean?
Oh, my God.
They canceled over here.
Yeah, that is so good.
All right, guys.
As four white guys sit around and name three more white guys.
Well, I was going to bring another setup.
Do you remember the first time you watched Eddie Murphy, Delirious?
You were probably, what, 12, 13 years old?
The best.
Do you remember exactly where you were?
It was one of those...
Ira totally remember.
Brian McConnell
brought a copy of his
sister's tape and we
all sat around and listened to it
on the first Walkman or whatever
that thing was.
I know you guys don't know what a Walkman is.
Oh, I had a Walkman.
I had the shockwave, baby.
I could chuck it against the fucking brick wall
and it'll still work.
Jesus, that was a lot of anger.
Like that cup from the guy in Texas.
Same thing.
He could throw it, but it wouldn't break.
It was amazing.
But I remember us just sitting around
and then we just made copies of it.
We all made copies of it when we took it home and it was just, it was,
it was the most amazing thing.
And it was another one of those things where you listen to and you seen the
picture, right? You could see what he was talking about.
And that's what I've always loved.
The guys that I've loved have been able to do.
When I think that you're really good at that.
When you tell stories, you're able to paint the picture really well.
Oh, thanks, Piz.
Yeah, I'm going to do stand-up from now on.
Oh, fucking take a compliment for Christ's sake.
I said thanks.
I appreciate it.
Why don't you guys do stand-up?
You're actually hilarious.
Witt doesn't realize it yet,
but I've already worked it out
where he's going to be doing stand-up,
so I hate to break it to you.
I sold a couple ad reads,
and we're all good.
I just haven't been told yet.
Well, hey, maybe we could start with Rose.
And Ian, you've done quite a few hockey guys in your day.
Yeah.
Can we change that a little bit?
Can you not say that I've done a bunch of hockey guys?
Okay.
Well, you're cranking your cock off to the fucking calendar,
to the Canucks calendar.
No, that was you.
I brought up the calendar and you're like,
what did he do?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But okay, so you've done, I think, Nick Lindstrom.
I did, yeah.
I did Nick Lindstrom and...
Scotty Bowman.
Scotty Bowman.
Who else was there?
I'm trying to think of the first one.
Brett Hall?
No, not Brett Hall.
Pang.
I've done Pang.
Pang, yeah.
And then there was Mickey mickey redmond's
i didn't make it how did these come together um uh they came together so some guys some of the
guys from saint louis used to come and see me when i used to go to the funny bone there
and they were doing pangers roast and they contact me and i said yeah i'd do it so that's how that happened and then i met jim ralph who does a lot of uh you guys know jim ralph from toronto from
toronto radio so he does all these hockey gigs and he introduced me to people and said you got
to get this guy on after i met him at the st louis one and then uh i ended up doing those other ones
it was weird chirping uh sc Bowman, you know?
Yeah, I was going to ask you, what could you possibly chirp him about?
You had to be digging deep on that.
Yeah, I guess I would have never played on your team.
Take that, Scotty, you piece of shit.
I had no idea.
So I think I just teased him about being old.
I was like, is this a prostate fundraiser?
But he has a great sense of humor
who was
I'm trying to think who had the nickname
the little beaver
that was a slap shot
Marcel Dion
he was angry about something
and he was on one of the deuses
and he had to basically
drag him off he was he was
complaining about and i should have been paid more you bunch of fucking assholes so his his
roast part turned into him bitching about salary his turned into a strike
like who are your favorite comedians that you watch or check up on or make sure you
catch their sets if they're doing fresh stuff?
I don't really watch anybody because I don't like to be influenced.
I just hang out with guys, and I know how funny they are offstage,
so I know how funny they are onstage, and I see how they're doing.
But like the Segura, the Christina Pazinski, the Chad Daniels,
people like that.
And,
um,
I'm going,
so I'm going to Chrysler's tomorrow.
So,
uh,
he does a show about cooking.
So I'll go there and hang out with him and do that with him.
But I did a tour with him.
I did a podcast March with him.
He goes,
why don't you come on the road with me?
And I seen Canadian dates. I was like, I'll go do the Canadian dates with you. So I did a Saskatoon with him. He goes, why don't you come on the road with me? And I seen Canadian dates.
I was like,
I'll go do the Canadian dates with you.
So I did a Saskatoon,
Winnipeg,
Calgary,
uh,
Edmonton and Kelowna with them.
And some of them were in hockey arenas.
It was insane.
Like 12,000 people just having a lot of fun in a hockey arena.
It was great.
So,
and it's,
it's so interesting to see
your friends when they they become a business like there there's people only working because
he's telling jokes like it's it's insane like there's semi trailers out there because he's
talking about his dick you know i mean it makes no sense at all you mentioned uh before we started
recording that
you're done for this year uh it's like mid-december but how many nights were you on the road in 2023
um i probably did about 30 weeks on the road that's a grind huh it was it was interesting i
did i went to the middle east this year i did dubai bahrain oman jordan uh so
that was a long one and then uh yeah the rest of the year i was trying to do only three weeks a
month but it turned out to four a lot of the time so yeah chirping the crowd in the middle east would probably worry me a little bit. Oh, nah. You can't see them.
I would just ask them questions and then tease them, right? You don't
go too hard at them.
I could just tell by their wrists.
I'm like, so you're rich, huh?
Yeah. That's all
I did was just say, so you're rich. I can tell by your watch
you're rich.
Did you have to alter the material a lot just because obviously they asked me not to speak about politics or religion that's all they they asked you know they said go go wherever you want
to go but just leave those two things out and it was it was nerve-wracking i'm not gonna lie i'm
uh i'm sitting out front waiting for the first show in Oman and I see these dudes
come in and I'm like,
holy shit,
those are religious police,
right?
I could tell.
And then I asked the producer,
I'm like,
who are those guys?
He goes,
oh,
they're religious police.
They've been here four times today to check on the show.
Jesus Christ.
No pun intended.
I guess I should leave a text message for my mom.
I should hide my calendar.
You got to stop taking these gigs.
Yeah.
You don't have to do everything.
Say no to something.
I mentioned that you did a bunch of late night talk shows.
You did Conan O'Brien.
How did that go for you?
Way back in the day.
I did a bunch of them. It was actually Conan O'Brien. How did that go for you? I did a bunch of them,
but it was actually Conan O'Brien was my first ever American television show.
So when I first,
when I first came down to New York,
I was completely illegal.
And,
and a guy named Lucian hold,
who was one of the owners of the comic strip would put me on.
And one night he came and he said,
Hey,
and there's a,
there's a, uh,
there's a audition for Conan O'Brien tonight.
You're not going to be on it.
I'm like,
well, that's great.
Thanks for letting me know what I'm doing.
But he said,
I'm going to put you on just before it.
Right.
He said that way,
if they don't show up,
I know I can trust you with extra time and then they'll be fine when they show
up.
Right.
And I'm like, okay, he goes,
but if they're there, they're going to see you do your best five minutes. So I did my best five
minutes because they were there and I was the only one that booked the show that night. So that was,
it was pretty cool. They came out and they said, Hey, we'd like to put you on Conan O'Brien.
And I said, I'm illegal. And they said, no worries. We'll get your work papers for you.
So that was how I got my work papers.
Now I got my first TV show.
And Lucian actually became my first manager.
Wow.
So when you're on a late night show,
obviously you have a little plan of what you're going to say.
But you have no idea how long it's going to be, correct?
Or what he's going to respond with.
No, you know.
You know.
Oh.
Yeah. You know it's going to be, or what he's going to respond with oh you know you know oh yeah you know it's going to be i think it was my first one was seven i think they're down to
three minutes when you do light night shows now or something like that oh yeah they get the oscar
music going as soon as you end your first joke yeah thanks for coming up so uh yeah i knew exactly
what it was and i was i was still fresh i wore my best clothes and my best clothes were a pair of shorts,
a pair of logging boots
and a logging shirt.
And I remember
some guy saying to me afterwards,
I like this character you've created.
This is my gear, man.
I'm like, this is my tuxedo,
you motherfucker.
Biz mentioned the Oscar music.
I think he got fucked not getting one for
most valuable primate too yeah sam sam one of the best movies ever of all times how did that come
together uh it was uh it was so that's another one of those stupid stories uh i signed with this
management company and they said what do you want to do with your
career? And I was tired of hearing that from management and agent companies. I'm like,
hey man, I think I'm here to do standup. I'd like to do standup. And maybe you could help me out
with standup and maybe I could be in show business seeing now that's why I'm paying you. But I didn't
say that. What I said was, I would like to do a hockey movie and I'd like to work with a monkey
and they came back two weeks later and said what if we could put both of those things into one
one one project and I'm like what and I go do you want to work with a monkey and I'm like yeah and
I go you like to be in a hockey movie and I'm like yeah and i go it's a hockey movie about a monkey and i'm like all right i'm in so i spent uh five weeks in vancouver playing hockey
with a chimpanzee and it was fantastic it was so i played with biz too you fucking wow crucified
over yeah it was crazy because the monkey could skate better than the trainers
and and he would get away every so often on the trainers and we just have to watch these guys
that couldn't skate chase a monkey it was pretty fantastic and and the director was out of his mind
i remember the first day of filming was hey guys let's just keep it real out there like oh yeah
my left winger is a chimpanzee.
But he was legit, though.
He could buzz around out there.
Yeah, we could pass it to him and he'd score.
That was great.
Yeah, I know back in the day, like I said, with a similar age, Johnny Carson getting called to the couch was like the big deal.
You did a set there.
If he brought you over, is there any sort of anything close to an equivalent to that today for, for comedians? Is it maybe getting a Netflix special nowadays?
No,
I honestly,
I don't,
I think Joe Rogan makes the biggest thing for a comedian's business right
now.
Like that,
that is his podcast.
Uh,
this,
when you guys mentioned me on this podcast,
I couldn't believe how many people rang my phone,
like more than when I did the tonight show,
rang my phone saying,
Hey,
I heard your name. So not more than Joe Rogangan though uh i haven't done joe rogan yet i've been oh i thought you were on there because he's talked about you before they've had a great
discussion about me and i've done his club i was at his club a couple weeks ago and had a great
weekend there but i haven't i have not been on his podcast the new one and he opened one in austin
right he described you as dangerously flawless
is the way that Joe Rogan explained you on his show.
So you went down to that,
what do they call that one in Austin?
The mothership.
The mothership.
And from a comedic standpoint,
has he allowed it to open up a little bit more
as far as like comedy and being able to say whatever you want?
Because it seems like it provided something else to the comedy world when it was opened.
No, I think it's just created this place where every comedian wants to go.
It's almost like a Mecca.
Like, the fact that I was one of 52 comedians that got to play there this year blew my mind like i had no i had no idea that in the world i would be picked like one of those guys
so it's where it's where the fans want to go because he's created this place where you know
it doesn't matter who's there they're going to be fantastic they might not your style, but they're going to be the top of the top, right?
So that's what he's created.
He's created this place where it's just,
it's not wide open more than other places.
It's the comics love to go there.
The people love to go there.
The people that work there,
they're all comedians
and trying to get their careers going.
And it's pretty impressive
with what he's done so i guess it's different now where comedians before would get sitcoms like tim
allen or something like that but would you even want that now or is that not even really on your
radar or what you're looking for no i i don't know i don't think it's what i'm looking for i i've i
never i don't know and i don't know if it ever was i've what i'm looking for i i've i never i don't know and i
don't know if it ever was i've always i got into stand-up to be a stand-up not to be coming out
right uh i've started doing these vlogs where i go into a city that i'm working at and go find a
bunch of things that people don't know about the city and those i i really enjoy doing them. I've only done four. I know you guys do your things, but this is me going out and doing things.
And I think it's different than anybody else does.
Like you guys do your thing that's different than anybody else does.
And it's kind of my style because I'm basically chirping the people I'm talking to.
Right?
Yeah, yeah.
So in a nice way, you know, when,
and I think you guys are the same way we do it, not because we want somebody to feel shit about themselves. We want to let them know they're included. So if I ignore you,
you're not included. Right. So yeah, exactly. Yeah. When you mentioned the 22 year old kid you hired who really helped your social media explode, like did he actually reach out to you? Was he a fan or like how did that all come together? and a guy named Francisco Ramos. And they both came to me and said, you got to meet this guy.
Oh, nice.
So that, which goes back to the question
that was asked earlier,
do you guys help each other out?
And yes, we do.
There's some people we shun,
but you know, we try to help each other out
because I don't think there's a finite number of people
that want to see comedy.
It's not like we all just got to get
that 100 000 you know yeah so yeah we do and he i talked to him on the phone we had a good chat
and i said no at first and then we talked again about two weeks later i said let's give this a
try and within the first month i was like oh fuck we're going for a ride
did you ever see the dice man back in the day no but i i i i have seen him around the comedy
store and stuff like that i just he makes me laugh still to this day just crazy is that more
is that more of a character you're talking about uh that's him really okay really yeah i
thought it was more of a character yeah because it was funny italians loved him back in the day
but he was a jewish guy which is always kind of hysterical if you watch it i don't follow his uh
his instagram he's really funny he just goes up to people and asks them if they want a photo yeah he baffles them it just makes me laugh
i was gonna shift over to a question about your podcast so it's called enjoying orange slices with
with jeff and ian yeah uh do you guys just talk about all these old school hockey stories you
talk about current hockey like what do you what do you guys talk about is it hockey specific
it is hockey specific it is about um you know most of the guys that we've had have been retired.
Some of the guys still playing a lot of coaches, a lot of on air people we've had.
And we talk about their life.
We talk about the game.
We, we, we don't take it too off side.
My partner, Jeff is a pilot for Alaska Airlines.
So he's got a job.
Yeah, you don't want to get canned.
Can't be yelling at people.
We talk about the game. We talk about
equipment. We talk about
their feelings.
It's been great. We had
Tim Hunter on. We talked about
we had
these rumors that we wanted
to know. We used to hear that he'd grab
guys with one hand
two of their hands.
He said, yeah, I used to tie up their
jerseys and twist it
and then I'd be able to hold it and punch them.
I'm just like,
that is exactly
why I didn't go past midget
hockey because I hated being punched in the face
so yeah just it's stuff like that you know talking and and uh yeah we talk we talk about
the vancouver canucks uh jeff lives in vegas so he talks a lot about the vegas golden knights he
also finished his career in vegas with the thunder So he is deeply embedded into Vegas.
How many Canucks games do you get to watch?
Are you staying like, are you watching all the games or no?
No, you know, the problem is I work at night, right?
So I probably get mostly clips of the games.
So that's how I watch.
But every so often, I probably watched about seven this year so
far jenna a cup prediction for this year that's not vancouver that's not vancouver that's the
obvious one right right yeah no it's very obvious i don't know i i think i think edmonton's gonna
pull a saint louis and avoid the shit out of me no shit wow that's what i said i've been saying
the same shit.
Are you stealing my fucking takes?
Wow.
You're stealing his material.
I thought you said you don't follow other comics.
I didn't say I didn't follow other podcasts.
Oh, okay.
No, I do, though.
And I do it for a different reason, because I fucking hate them.
Oh, yeah.
They're going to bend you over, just like the Islanders are going to bend us over.
They're probably going to come out of the East. Did you go to over they're probably gonna come out of the east did you go to the 11 cup finals any of the games i did not i uh
and i can tell you right now i knew vancouver is gonna lose uh as soon as it i was watching
it on cbc and i can see it in my head like a motherfucker this drives me insane cbc started playing all these clips of vancouver
and then they started playing this adele song called we almost had it all
and this was game one and i'm like mother fuck we are not winning this and boom what happened
what a banger though oh what a great bit. Bergeron. It was all over
after that. I love cranking some
Adele. Get me going in the morning.
I thought you're talking about the series.
He's got a calendar.
I'm going to see her live
show. She had her hips too.
Yeah.
I just made a joke about
joke thievery. Is that something that
comics talk about a lot? And do guys know who's ripping people off?
Is that a big deal?
We know.
They don't really last too long.
Name names, Ian.
No one on stage has called out a guy once.
I've seen that clip.
Who?
Him and who?
Do you know who it was?
I can't remember.
No, I don't remember.
Mencia was the guy.
I saw it on Instagram.
That's who it was. Can you guys explain the backstory here i don't know what you're talking about so uh carlos
was known for kind of lifting things but not specifically lifting things like suddenly had
somebody would talk about something and he would
talk about the exact same thing so it was that's what he was known for he says he still wasn't
doing that and it still affects him to this day like people go on to his instagram and call him
a joke thief they like go at him hard and it's cost him a lot of work and um i i don't i i never i didn't
ever get into that like i don't you know i'm like whatever you guys you gotta fight i'm more of
getting all right you stole the joke can you do it better than me all right if you can do it better
than me go ahead if you can't i'm gonna come out and do it better right so that's the way i am uh those guys had
that fight i remember i had i had gotten to trouble i've been banned from the just for laughs
comedy festival you have yeah i have um like are you are you are you still banned oh yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah the one going on in canada you've been banned from canadian comedy yeah yeah yeah it's
very canadian to do that uh sorry you know like you're
eating out joke again or what no there's a there was a guy there was a guy that had stolen a joke
from another guy and they were on the same show as me and i was in between them right so it was
this guy it was andrew and then i can't i can't remember the other guy's name and I won't give any last names right
so I
no no it was yeah there was a thief
before no
I called them different
on the show and it caused a big havoc
right I said
give it a big hand
give a big hand for Andrew
and it was the other guy right
saying that he was so I was the asshole.
I was, you can never come back to our comedy.
So I'm like, all right, just berear me.
I like this talk about how catty you can get behind the scenes
with all this joke stealing and stuff.
That's probably why you don't watch other comedy
for the most part, you said, right?
Because I'm a thief?
No. Because you don't want other comedy for the most part you said right because i'm a thief no
spark an idea and what's the term placebo effect yeah you just don't want to be derivative you
don't want to be influenced at all so i i just i want to have my own thoughts you know i don't i
don't care i want it i want the ice to be when i go on stage i want the ice to be clean i don't
want it to be all skated over top
of you know so i i i like it snowy and choppy possibly but uh uh one last thing about the
comedy i had we're still talking about uh yeah oh yeah snowy and choppy i like it a little rough
around the edges uh i was gonna ask you about your i was gonna ask you about your, your, your pre-comedy routine. Like, are you a guy who
gets very nervous before sets? Like, is it, is it kind of, no, not at all.
No, I, I love it. I I'm it's exciting. Uh, I don't like to arrive to the venue too
close to the show. So, uh, on, on Friday night, I thought the show was at 7 30 it was at 7 i arrived at 720 um so i'm that
guy um let's do drinks before you go on no i can't i i've really the last time i drank was 2012
and not like I still drink,
but I need time off to drink just because of my recovery.
Yeah.
And I'm slower.
The next show is slower.
So, and you've seen the show.
I can't be slower than the,
you're quick,
you're quick.
So that's why.
And I just,
the,
the stage is the bigger drug than the alcohol for me.
I love that.
Yeah.
Good for you.
Thanks,
man.
I got one more.
Yeah.
We're going to, i wouldn't ask for
you a comedy mount rushmore we're gonna throw bill cosby out just because he's cosby we'll
cancel him for this but who was your mount rushmore comedians after cosby uh i would say
sam kinnison uh um eddie murphy oh yeah um uh it is tough I know
Dave Attell is the funniest
fucking guy in the world
I don't know if any of the other guys
are familiar with him
and I do
believe this I believe
that just like hockey
it's better live
right stand up is so much
better live right stand up is so much better live so um guys that you may not like
clips of will blow your mind live so yeah ian i i hate to go back but you actually are a joke
thief i remember asking you before you came no you stole the catchphrase covered wagon off me. I did steal covered wagon off you.
I'm coming after you, bro.
You're not running your own business anymore.
It's my business.
I'm coming after you, buddy.
Paul Bagnasnit.
Do you have a covered wagon?
Is that why you took it?
No, they scare me.
Seen one at the gym and paraphrased me.
I got an ugly one too enough i got enough skin on the
end to cover a burn victim it looks like you're already uh reading stats off the mount rushmore
of comedians because that's my favorite my favorite act is when he gets reading different
numbers and then all of a sudden we're just crying laughing by the end of it that's awesome
fortunately not a lot of numbers with comedy shows but do you ever get to see george colin i used so i back in the day at the comedy
comedy magic club in hermosa beach i would do a fake talk show uh in one room and carlin was on
the other one and we did about eight shows together and it was shit yeah it was no really yeah so i just go over
and talk to him a little bit and uh and just just being around that was insane but during that talk
shot that fake talk show i had shandling on my fake talk show i had a guy who had a fake talk
show on my fake talk show oh wow fucking meta. Fucking MetaCity. Holy shit.
It was crazy.
Was Carlin the one who used to smash
the watermelons?
Oh, fuck no.
No, that was Gallagher.
Fuck you, Ian. I'm not a fucking comedy singer.
You're like seven Gallagher's.
I've seen R.A.'s face.
R.A.'s face.
Who was the guy who smashed
the fucking watermelons?
Walk you outside and show you Jupiter again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, so you're a big fan of the sandbaggers,
are you? Accept it. I've seen that clip.
I just, I lost my mind.
It was a fucking plane.
There was an airport miles away.
But the whole thing was just amazing.
Just our age.
I gotta tell this guy.
I gotta fucking tell this guy. I got to fucking tell this guy.
And you just being, don't give a shit.
Well, because it wasn't fucking Jupiter.
It was a plane.
You didn't even look up.
You didn't care.
Yes, I did.
I looked up after.
We have video of it.
You looked up afterwards.
But when he told you, you're just like, I'm playing golf.
Because I knew there was not a chicken dick's chance that this guy inebriated the way he was, could have picked out Jupiter.
He couldn't see four feet in front of him.
He couldn't even see the fucking ball he was trying to putt.
I thought it was proved it was Jupiter.
Oh, Jupiter Airlines.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Actually, Ian, I got a quick story for you.
It was probably about 25, 26 years ago.
I was driving in Bostonoston and i put a
radio station on i never listened to and they said hey chris rock is coming to the comedy connection
this weekend uh tickets are on sale spur of the moment i got like eight tickets me and my buddies
went and he comes out you know it's only a couple hundred people if that burns the place down just
absolutely melts the place hysterical and about three months later uh his next hbo special is and
it's uh the second one bigger and blacker and he starts telling the jokes and i was like oh my god he had been workshopping
bigger and blacker but we had no idea because you know pre-edited no one knew it was going
from the so hbo that he did in front of you yeah we started at the comedy connection before he
come on hbo we but we had no fucking idea so we saw that like exploded him too that like oh my god
yeah yeah i can tell you it's like the crackhead forrest gump he's been like a part of all these wild wild things throughout
no i'm all right didn't you end up at like the rolling stones show where they ended up filming
something and you ended up in a picture in a magazine like a time magazine yeah shine a light
yeah shine a light he's been every celebration since he was born his mom snuck into one so
that's how he actually got it.
He was listening to her tummy.
I'm telling you.
What other crazy shit have you accidentally been a part of,
or snuck into?
There's a few more in there.
Yeah, Stanley Cup parties.
Actually, I don't think I ever told this on the show,
but in 1986, Boston Celtics parade,
when they won the championship,
they were on these, this was before there were duck boats,
and there were no barriers. People were just in the street and they had these like dpw trucks and i'll never forget they were like chains hanging off and i i
crawled up like a little monkey i was 14 i was prepubescent i'm a tiny little kid and i got up
and i'm high-fiving like kevin mckayle at dna age and like literally like during the parade dna's
like hey if they see you up here you might get in trouble and like i was like okay and I got like starstruck and I fucking climbed back down like
an asshole but yeah that was another little one like stuck stuck in the fucking Celtics parade
uh yeah it's a zillion of them one of the coolest one of the coolest pictures you that I've ever
seen is your uh twitter profile picture where he was at a WWE event and Andre the Giant loved kids
right he was always so nice to the kids and ra had a
disposable and he's like hey and andre the giant has a towel over his head walking back to the
locker room and ra snapped one of the fucking coolest photos i've ever seen so you are the
crackhead uh what did i say that commercial that commercial where the kid gives mean joe green the
coat it's actually based on R.A. Yeah.
Yeah, I got to bring up one more name.
We have a comedian, and we have to talk about Rodney Dangerfield.
I mean, no pun intended.
I don't know if he gets the respect he deserves in the annals of comedy,
but one of the best ever.
I was fortunate to see him out in our Vegas years ago.
Did you ever get to see him?
I never got to see him live, but i did meet him at the improv one night and it was
it was just it was just bizarre how great that guy was and loved by everybody you know that's
that's the difference you can be great but to have everybody's love too that's around you that works
in the business is where where you want to be right
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter if you're great but you're a douche it's you you want to
be the guy that people want to be around so he paid it forward like uh you know all the young
comedians he did that special on hbo back in the day and actually because i i went to his show in
vegas and it was early in the day me and my buddy picked up the tickets and we were walking away from the box
office.
And, you know, those old people, lockouts, like goes buzzing by like, like
30 miles an hour.
If he hit somebody, he would have knocked him over.
I was like, holy shit, that's Rodney.
And he was going over to check for the box office.
Yeah.
A lot.
They all lock.
I can't say lark lockouts.
And so we went over and I was like, I go, hey, Rodney. I goes, can you sign my ticket for me?
He's like, yeah, sure.
No problem.
And he signs his hands shaking like a leaf on a tree.
And I stuck my hand on it and I made him make sure he looked me in the eye.
He goes, hey, Rodney, I just want to tell you, you're a true legend.
He's like, oh, thank you.
Thank you very much.
And like, he looked like an old decrepit grandfather.
He come out six hours later with the suit on and fucking just burn the place down.
It was incredible to see this like 82 year old guy get up there and just kill the place.
He took a little bit of a different approach
before he went on stage than you, right, Ian?
I think he was doing it on stage.
Oh, yeah.
Woof? Doing woof?
Rodney liked it all.
I'm not getting involved in this.
I got his book right behind me.
He'll vouch for us.
Was that just kind of how it was back then, R.A.,
where all these guys were just getting fucked up going up?
Well, the Comedy Store was known for that.
They still have the  there's a piano backstage that is made out of a mirror,
and that's to do blow on.
Okay.
So, yeah, it was definitely a different time back then.
You must have the
ding ho i'm guessing right here in boston that was yeah it was a cambridge i was a chinese restaurant
biz and like dennis leary like lenny clack all those guys started off it was like a comedy
revolution here in boston and i mean it was as much cocaine as was comedy going back then it
definitely fueled it but yeah my favorite story about lenny clark is him. He gets this sitcom just before the Gulf War.
And he goes in, the first Gulf War, he gets his sitcom.
And he goes in with a TV guide to a bank.
And they give him a loan for a home because he's on the cover of the TV guide.
That's why 2008 happened basically it gets a lot even better right so so his his sitcom's about to debut it debuts the night
where the first golf war takes place so it gets oh my god oh no so it lasts like three episodes, and now he's got a house that he got from the thing.
That is unbelievable.
Oh, shit.
This has been awesome, dude.
That's unreal, man.
Thank you for coming on.
This is great.
Thank you for having me, guys.
Check out Ian Bagg, Instagram, Facebook,
all your social media.
And then what is it?
Arne, what is it?
Enjoy your Arne slices.
There was only one other question I had.
It was like, what if you saw me, R.A.,
Witt, and Grinnell sit in front row?
And Witt's obviously being the pompous asshole with R.A. shaking.
I'm not sure what Grinnell is doing.
I'm probably trying to pick up the waitress.
What would you start slinging at us?
What would I throw at you guys?
Oh, yeah.
This is why I went in the back row.
I don't want to hear this.
Don't want to get given to us.
Just shrivel us.
It doesn't matter. I'll still find you.
There's that guy from the Patriots
that night. Oh, that was amazing.
And he wouldn't admit he was on the Patriots.
You're like, all right, finally at the end, you're like, dude,
you're on the Patriots.
Probably because they were 1-10
at the time of your show, I think.
I love his injury
was that he tore his bicep
from his body.
There I go.
Did it hurt?
Not bad.
Ian said he was like, what'd you say?
He was like eight.
I.T.
I.T.
Worker or something.
He was an I.T. Worker.
That's what he was.
Can you imagine?
He's got the dreads.
What a guy shows up to fix your computer.
And crush your old lady.
It's an episode of Black.com. That's how those
start.
Not that I've ever watched.
My wife is fucking a dryer. Can you help her out?
Yeah.
Can you apply this sunscreen
to my wife's vagina?
I got a leaky faucet here.
Ian, we love you, buddy.
We should do this again.
You know what would be awesome is one of our live shows
maybe surprise our guests with you coming out
doing a little stand-up before we go.
That would be so fun.
Toronto, early February, if you want to come.
Yeah, we'll have a wagon tour. Ian Bag Conversations, it's on Prime if you want to come. Yeah, I'm covering Wagon Tour.
Ian Beck, Conversations. It's on Prime. I watched
it over the weekend, so check it out if you haven't seen it.
Hope you had a good laugh. Absolutely.
I love that you like Stephen Wright's.
That's the best. This is awesome. Thanks, guys.
Thanks for being a great. Is there anything else you
want to say to our Spit and Chicklets fans or is that
it? No, thank you, guys. Thank you.
Man, great stuff with Ian.
Big thanks to him for jumping on with us.
Hopefully we get him on again.
I like how we're doing this biz,
bringing on some characters from outside of the hockey world
and, I guess, exposing some of our listeners
to some of these people.
It's been good, man.
I'm having a lot of fun doing these interviews.
Yeah, as much as I love interviewing the hockey guys,
I like getting these one-offs where we get,
I mean, especially a comedian to come on
and snap it around with
and hear some funny stories and breakdowns.
And you said you had the chance to go see him.
I did get invited to one of his shows,
but because of my travel schedule,
I wasn't able to attend.
But this guy's a funny bastard
and does unbelievable crowd work.
So if you guys take a look at his Instagram
or any of his social media,
take a look at where he's going to head to. And he's coming near you i suggest checking out one of his shows
absolutely uh patrick kane looking a lot better than he did with the rangers last year he's got
six goals seven assists in 13 games he had a four game goal scoring streak a six game point streak
with 11 total points the first red ring uh since pavel Datsyuk to record a four-game goal streak
at the age of 35 or over.
Point per game playoff.
What are you seeing with Kane this year,
and how are the Wings looking for you lately?
Well, it's kind of crazy to think Kane looks this good
and the Wings look this bad.
And you really can't put it on him.
I mean, he just looks healthy.
He looks like a different player from last year,
and everything he said, I guess it was exactly true because he didn't have that quickness to his game. He didn't have that speed to be able to beat people wide, which I mean, he's never been like the fastest player in the world, but he's just always been so skilled that with his speed, he's and ability to push off that hip. He looks great again. He's scoring what seems like at will. But the Red Wings, they're giving up so many goals.
They can't keep the puck out of their net. And they went on that run in November where they were
right near the top of the division. And since then, I think they've lost 10 of 13. They got
a win against Nashville, 5-4 on the 30th. Yeah, that was Saturday or Sunday.
And even then, though, still winning the game, they had to get five. And then they show up and
the next night they play the Bruins at home. They give up another five goals. It's like,
I guess this year they haven't won a game, Biz, where they've had to score four or more goals
to win a game. If they've scored less than four or more goals to win a game.
Like, if they've scored less than four, they haven't won.
No shit.
So it's kind of weird that, like, Lalonde's talking about
that they're just making, like, unnecessary risks
where they got guys, like, they got defensemen
jumping up into the rush, causing an odd man rush the other way.
They don't really need to do that.
And, like, they couldn't score like they wanted to last year,
so they got Kane and Dabrink Kit and Sprong and Gostis Bear,
and now they can't keep the puck out of their net.
Now, the big part of this is Huso's injured.
They need him back because he got an old run.
He got going.
He started playing a little good hockey.
But right now it seems like Lyon can't make a save.
Reimer can't make a save.
So when you're giving up this many goals,
it doesn't even matter how good your offense is. So they need to kind of like figure out the defensive side,
stop making these risky plays, stop turning it over at the offensive blue line and the defensive
blue line and like get back to playing defensive hockey, like win a game two to one, because it's
not going to matter how many goals you can score if you can't keep the puck out of your net and
goaltending has something to do with it. everything i'm reading also says that the way the team's playing it's just not
responsible hockey so in the end even with kane coming and being a point per game player it's not
enough so it could look like those three teams that need to make the next step ottawa buffalo
detroit none of them do none of them are going to make that next fucking step.
So they're exactly what we thought of the Devils last year,
where the future's bright, the future's bright.
Well, it ain't that fucking bright until you make playoffs.
No.
I do think Detroit ends up getting in, though.
I think Luso comes back, and they can go on a little bit of a run.
I mean, right now, they're sitting out of the wild card right now.
The playoffs are going to be insane.
They're going to be crazy.
Wow.
I mean, they're five points out.
The problem is there's five teams in front of them.
So it's like once you start looking at the points, it's one thing.
And then you see how many teams you've got to leapfrog.
It's like we're running out of time here to get on run.
So you lose 10 of 13. And, yeah, you're going to be sitting at the bottom looking up so it's crazy to think that
ottawa buffalo and them all are not in great spots come the new year yep speaking of ottawa i don't
know if you had it written down already they got they named stay house uh they kind of gave them
their official you know titles or whatever i mean you probably got it written down uh yeah busy and
uh senator's owner michael anlau made made an analogy told it similar to what the Canadians
have done with Gorton and Hughes sort of I guess a two-headed monster a friend office they sort of
bounce things off each other and like again with a little bit more of a collaborative effort I don't
know whether the buck finally stops with these guys but either way I think this is good for the
senators get some stability in there I know they've had a chaotic couple years with ownership
and I don't basically kind of a little bit of a circus going on,
but hopefully this can solidify things
and they can get back on that course
that I think people have thought they've been on for a little while now.
There's just like so much to keep track of now
that I feel like the teams that have the best delegation
and resources to pay guys
to be able to have the proper people in each situation
and then also trusting what those guys
are doing and saying and not trying to micromanage so i like the way that they're looking at this
team and to change it up from that mentality standpoint like that has to be the thought
process rather than just having like one or two guys making all the decisions and micromanaging
where it's just too much to juggle in my my opinion. Now they need to get their coach.
They need to just get a coach.
Right.
But I think that with what they've put in place now
makes them a lot more respectable.
And then the next thing is,
I mean, if I'm them, I try to go after Berube.
You need to put together a package
which gives the coaches a lot of control
and also enough
money aside from what you're just going to pay let's for instance berube because if you're getting
berube you're paying them five times five i think that's the going rate for a stanley cup winning
coach and i don't think that you're going to have anybody who with any type of credibility who's
going to be willing to go to ottawa unless you're not panning over a bag. And then sometimes, you know, with a Canadian franchise,
maybe not wanting to spend a shit ton of money on coaching staff.
If all the money is going to the head guy, well, who are the assistants going to be?
If you want good assistants now, you need to pay over a million bucks.
Unless you go get a guy who's unproven at the NHL level,
who you know in junior, he's been really good, and you give him a shot, you can gave him the opportunity like that, and it's seeing the way it played out.
I don't know how the fan base would respond
of them trying that again.
No, I kind of meant as an assistant, though.
Right, okay, fair enough.
Sorry, all right, thank you for the correction.
Yeah, they need to go,
and we talk about Old Boys Club,
their next coach has to be a former,
at least, NHL coach.
Yes.
They can't go again and grab a guy who's unproven
because they need somebody who has at least
had some success at the highest level.
Right, right.
At least you can rely on that when you're sitting
at the podium and you're explaining to the fan base
why you just made this hire.
A couple more notes here, boys.
Congratulations to the Professional Women's Hockey League
kicking off their new season.
New York beat Toronto 4-0 in the league's inaugural game
There's also teams in Boston
Minnesota, Montreal and Ottawa
So best of luck ladies
Can we talk about the physicality?
Did you see the clips Biz?
Yeah yeah yeah
It's basically contact
Are they making a constant decision where you're kind of allowed to hit?
It's basically
They don't want the open ice stuff,
but in the women's game, it's always been you're allowed to rub the girls out.
Now, international play, they call a lot more.
We kind of went through that earlier.
But I hope in this pro league, they allow it to fly a little bit more
because I think these girls want to play with the contact.
Oh, it was flying yesterday, dude.
They want to play with that type of physicality.
The place was packed, too.
It looked awesome.
The girls are being great ambassadors.
They're doing a ton of media stuff.
I thought the other cool element, too,
is the rules that they've implemented
and maybe as part of a tester to maybe change them in the NHL.
So what are the cool rules that they've changed up?
If you're shorthanded and you score a shorthanded goal,
your team member comes out of the penalty box.
So you're rewarded for getting that shorthanded goal.
What was another one that they've implemented?
Three points for a win.
A regulation win, you get three points.
I think that the NHL really needs to do something about the loser point.
It makes it impossible.
We're talking about Detroit trying to get back in the mix.
It is so hard with all these teams getting two and one points,
with all these games going OT to leapfrog and make some jumps.
If you're winning regulation games, start giving teams three points.
I love that rule.
Yeah.
Among other ones. So who knows if it's going
to be used as a tester because in years past they've used the ahl as a testing ground like
when they were thinking about implementing the three-on-three overtime they tried it in the
in the ahl first and they actually did four on four for the first four minutes and then they did
they moved it to three on three in the final three minutes so
actually overtimes in the ahl were seven minutes at one point so just little stuff like that is
good testers to see what what works and what doesn't and overall great job by the ladies and
a great kickoff to their uh to their league well said biz uh also chicklets tv keep an eye out for
that we're gonna have a new episode dropping from our time here in seattle Of course, Game Notes, we'll be dropping another episode with them as well.
Make sure you subscribe to our YouTube pages, all our social media.
One last note, Whit.
I checked out the Ironcloth movie.
Good stuff.
The Von Erich movie, if you haven't seen it yet.
I've read about it already.
It honestly sounds too sad for me to watch.
Yeah, yeah.
It's definitely not a pick-me-up.
Sounds like the saddest movie of all time.
Or one of them. It's definitely not a pick-me-up. Sounds like the saddest movie of all time. Or one of them.
It's definitely not a pick-me-up, but it was a well-done movie.
I thought it was a nice tribute to the guy's life and their legacy.
So any final notes other than happy new year to our listeners, boys?
No, I mean, I wasn't very dialed in because I went to Cabo,
so I know that maybe there's not as much hockey talk,
and we forgot to mention some of your teams,
especially with how chaotic and how many games there were
over that stretch of time over the holidays.
But we're back in the swing of things.
A great week at the Winter Classic.
Incredible job by the NHL, but we're back in the mix.
We're going to have some great interviews coming out.
And Happy New Year to everybody.
Go Team USA.
Thursday, semifinals.
Friday, final. World Junior. Everyone enjoy that. Thursday, semifinals. Friday, final.
World Junior.
Everyone enjoy that.
And yeah, we'll be back next week.
We'll be back a little quicker
because you're listening on Wednesday.
We'll be back on our usual Tuesday.
And we'll be all fired up
to talk about all things NHL,
all things World Juniors.
And I hope everyone had a great New Year's Eve.
Happy New Year.
Crush this year.
We're looking to do the same.
Love you all.
Safe travels home you boys
I like to poke a bear, I like to stir the pot But baby, come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I said she needs a detox
To cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in
We're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound
In my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chain
She went below the bell
She had me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot She had me with a cheap shot A cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
You've been so on time
Yeah
