Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say a drunken speech is just so the thought.
I like to poke a bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 479 of Spit and Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family
What's up guy? We're at the halfway mark of the season.
All-star weekend just around the corner.
We had a little trade drama this week,
but we also had a very inspiring and hot woman comeback.
We'll get to it in a little bit.
But first, we check in with the boys.
We're going to go biz nasty, Paul.
We're going biz first?
Fuck, wow.
Holy fuck, R.A., I got to match your intensity.
You're coming out of the gate like last pod.
High-stepping, baby.
Who's team Canada, Churchill? Baby, let's go. Those team Canada jerseys just look fresh behind you, huh? your intensity you're coming out of the gate like last pod high stepping baby snapping around baby
let's go those uh those team canada jerseys just look fresh behind you huh those okay so i'm back
home and well and this is what's great about coming in to do the hockey night in canada i get
to come see my folks a little bit of home cooking and i made sure that those motherfuckers were
propped up back there to gloat under 18 gold medal champs dog so what's the other jersey
that so i got to play in two under 18s and then another an under 17 so under 17 was they've
changed the structure up a little bit right back then ontario was so strong we used to be our own
solo team then they would have all like the the like halifax and everything out east.
Then they used to have a Pacific team, and then Team Alberta,
and then everything in the middle.
I played in an under-17 with that exact format.
Actually, it was when I first saw Ilya Kovalchuk,
and it was just eye-opening, to say the least.
But it was in Timmins, Ontario.
Great tournament. Okay, so mine was in Selkirk and stonewall and that's in manitoba but when i got to play under
18 and that's one of the jerseys there that was the one we went to the world championships
so that's the harder one to win but you don't have the full roster because it's only teams in the chl
who have or college maybe who have ended their season I believe by round one but uh my first game
at that that world championship one was the first time I ever saw Ovechkin play he scored a hat trick
against us and it was at that locomotive rink and they just built it it was a beautiful state of the
art that rinks awesome state of the art and like but anything around it you're like what the hell
you think you think you're in a third world country but we came out and it was all like the guys dressed in like the army fits and those in those
russian hats most one of the most intimidating environments i've ever been in but i'm back home
it was it was an awesome weekend guys got to go back and do hockey night in canada because um
bx had a tournament with his kid and got to snap around with ron mclean, Jen Botterill, Kelly Rudy, who's actually been doing it for 25 years.
I might have mentioned that last time.
And, of course, Elliot Friedman.
So it's nice getting to be there with Elliot too
because this guy knows everything that's going on.
So I just ask him about it.
Oh, he's getting every scoop in the book.
I don't want to be texting him all the time and bugging him,
but when I see him live, I'm just hounding him.
And you can see he's got the laptop working.
He must be like, dude, get the fuck out of my kitchen.
I'm trying to cook here he must hound people himself
which obviously that's part of the job but he's got to be just yeah sending out he says give me
the info or i'm rumor boy in it and i say that's what we kind of we kind of just rumor boy we don't
even go through the first process so uh great being with them and and it's always great i got
another towel we had we had the Leafs game in Colorado.
We're not going to get to it quite now, but what do you mean?
All right.
No, I was going to say, we'll get to the Hockey Day in Canada a little bit.
We just want to do the intro first.
I don't dump the gun.
Oh, okay.
So I'm not kind of talking about my week and how it went.
No, no.
We're going to loop.
Okay, let's loop back around.
Big loop back.
Did they order you some food at Hockey Day in Canada, Biz?
Did you get one of your healthy salads.
They had, yeah,
a nice chicken meal.
Quinoa.
Oh, yeah, we run
a tight ship there.
I think quinoa is
shit, but.
The Whitdog.
You're like Noah
Zach lately, man.
I feel bad.
I saw those videos
with the house.
Holy fuck, dude.
Yeah, buddy.
That's a tough girl.
The Whitdog, Ryan
Whitney.
Tough weekend.
With the rain.
I mean, it's a
disaster, right?
To put it bluntly.
We have engineers coming over.
We have to get this fixed.
And Tuesday, I saw that we were getting basically like a biblical rainstorm.
And I'm like, oh, shit.
So I tried to go get in a sump pump and, you know.
But sure enough, we have an alarm set in the basement
for if water hits it, it kind of, it kicks in like the house alarm.
So you get an immediate text and you get a phone call actually from the alarm company.
I didn't even hear the phone call, but I got the tap on the shoulder.
1 a.m.
She said, it's go time.
Let's go.
The wet bin is...
Oh, no.
So I go downstairs.
I sent you guys the video.
It is...
I mean, how do you describe that video?
It's not just like a little water coming in.
I mean, it's a full...
It looked like pipes burst.
It looked like pipes burst.
It's like shooting in from your ceiling.
From 50 different locations.
So we spent from 1 to 5 a.m.
You know, my wife's pregnant And we're just carrying the trash barrels full of water
Through the basement to the shower
Pouring them out
Back in there
Bailing water
Trying to put it in the hole in the basement
Like there's this one little tiny hole
That you can kind of put it down there
But then it's going everywhere else
And then the shower that we're pouring
And this water is disgusting
I mean, it's gone through the mud It's gone through the pipes It's gone everywhere else. And then the shower that we're pouring. And this water is disgusting. I mean, it's gone through the mud.
It's gone through the pipes.
It's gone through the ceiling.
And now we're pouring in the shower.
Well, then the shower clogs.
So then in the midst of this, I'm plunging the shower.
And I'm sitting there.
I was at one point around like 345 a.m.
Now, granted, I will say the four hours, it went by like this quick because we were just working the whole time.
We're old school. Nail guns were grit. that's the whitney family just grit to the core and i at
one point started like is it maniacally ra good enough the word yep laughing i i i was like the
joker with his head out the window driving through gotam. I got my name on a high selling vodka bottle and I'm fucking bailing water out of my basement like a piece of trash for four.
So finally, at 5 a.m., I said, that's it.
We're done.
We can't keep up with it anymore.
We actually couldn't keep up with it probably two hours in.
And I said, that's it.
I don't care.
We're done. And I went upstairs. She it. I don't care. We're done.
And I went upstairs.
She couldn't fall back to sleep, but I fell back to sleep at 7,
and I just did the walk down figuring the entire finish side would be ruined.
But no, basically, the water had  it was still flooding,
and it was still leaking, but it was just inches of water on the floor
in that side of the basement.
So in the end, we kind of could have done that probably like i don't know if what we did
saved like a bigger disaster yeah but then the little hockey room you saved the insurance
no buddy insurance doesn't cover this insurance doesn't cover outside you can you can get like
insurance covers when a pipe bursts and but outside water, ground water, surface water.
You're getting it right up the hoop right now.
You can get insurance for it, but you pay a ton.
And then they'll only cover if the boiler was ruined.
It's something that at this point, I think I have to move.
But there's no houses.
It is what it is.
Right, right.
So when you bought this house, were you aware of that?
And or did you just buy a lemon no like not really but then we did something that
made it worse that was a fumble on this guy's part who's then really tried to help a ton in
terms of fixing it now i will say this the best part about it was that um the next day say it was
like noon my wife said i was so proud of how you handled that
you stayed positive you stayed level-headed i mean my olymp all my olympic stuff ruined like
all this she's crying down there i'm like what the hell is going on right now and i just i was
that man i was that guy just leading from the front bail bailing out water, and not bitching his ass off like usual.
Good for you, man.
I can burn a lasagna with the best of them, but I can bail out a basement with the best
of them as well.
Hey, a couple of clicks for Winnie for staying positive.
You know what?
It's all about the attitude, right, guys?
It's all about staying positive.
And you know what?
Honestly, I'll say this.
At one point in the midst of the madness, i i i thought like life could be so much worse
like in the grand scheme of things dude right like we got we got a shitty basement with water
coming everywhere but like i have my health i have my family i was actually thinking like i'm
like what am i gonna do what am i gonna do sit here bitch whine and scream and yell no i'm gonna
lead from the front and i'm just gonna to take the fact that I'm white trash
with a wet ass basement.
This couldn't be like a fudge kid
as culprit.
No, this couldn't be like a fudge kid thing
fucking with you.
Fudge kid is so rich and powerful
at this point in life.
I bet he wouldn't step foot
in a basement like mine.
Okay.
He owns the bank you pay your mortgage to
at this point.
Probably.
Well, I know who had a great weekend.
Mikey G, our producer, Grinnelly, out to Penn State. How'd that. Well, I know who had a great weekend. Mikey G, our producer
Grinnelli out to Penn State. How'd that go, buddy?
Looked like a great time?
It was an awesome time, yeah. We filmed another episode
of Chicklets University this past
weekend at Penn State. Just elite
facilities, elite people,
elite bars, private chefs.
It's a hockey player's playground.
You chirp me. Are they paying me
when I say shit? Are these colleges paying you under under the table now the way you stroke them off when you come on no we got
blade tech hockey for that so we don't need we don't need the colleges to stroke us checks but
okay the cool thing about the video and huge thanks to coach godowski for kind of taking us
treating us like family all weekend is coach godowski was there when they were a club team
so in this video not only do we see the facilities,
Coach Andrew Sturge gave us a tour of the campus, but Coach Godowski kind of breaks down the process of going from a club team to a Division I team, which was really insightful. And he was
also there for the building of the arena. And Terry Pagula just coming in, slapping down a
100 million check, basically, and being like, build this for the hockey players, hockey players only. The facilities are as elite as they get. Hot tubs, cold tubs, saunas, private gyms. It was insane.
Christian Berger gave us a tour, which was awesome.
Biz, you'll love it.
They call this, all the girls on campus call this guy Hot Juicy Berger.
Just an absolute wheel.
Did he tell you this?
No, all of his teammates did.
This kid was a very quiet, reserved guy.
Those are the dangerous ones.
Exactly.
But all of his teammates were like, there's basically a section of girls at every game, like the hot juicy burger section of girls at Penn State.
And don't even get me started about the women at that school.
But yeah, it was an awesome time.
It was also alumni hockey weekend.
So all the former players were there.
So they got to take me out Thursday night and Friday night.
They took me to Champs.
I think it was rated the best college bar in the country.
So it was a fun weekend.
How about Pagoula chucking 100 million for that rink
and then giving people 20 in a chewy granola bar
to shovel out the Ralph Wilson Stadium
for this Bills game, buddy?
What's going on here?
Come on.
So, Biz, they had this storm, and they had to move the game.
Actually, the Bills game starts in about five minutes.
I'm 40 minutes away.
Yeah, I kind of felt part of the storm.
Yeah, so they need help, right?
Bill's Mafia, they'll do anything for this game.
So they moved it a day, and they're asking people,
come down, help us shovel this stadium.
Help us shovel.
20 bucks.
An hour.
What?
I thought it was 20 bucks an hour.
I thought I read.
Oh, okay.
Well, 20 bucks an hour is not bad for shoveling some snow.
Yeah, okay.
So pedaling back with a lot of cup. No, no, no. 100 million to arena, 40 an hour is not bad for shoveling some snow. Yeah, okay. So pedaling back with...
No, no, no.
100 million to arena, 40 an hour.
Because without these people, you're not playing the NFL playoff game.
I'm sticking to it.
Wait, because it only took them two hours?
No, I'm saying it should be 40 an hour.
Oh, 40.
Did you see what they had?
You know, those big tunnels.
Oh, not tunnels.
Like slides.
They put the snow in so it goes down.
Like guys are sliding down it with their fucking shirts off and shit.
I just saw a clip.
Oh, you get thrown in prison in Canada for that.
Can't be having any fun outside anymore.
I just saw a clip of Bill's Mafia.
Like four guys jumping up from about 10 feet to crush a table.
But the table was on fire.
So needless to say.
That's happening.
So they were on point.
Those guys would have taken the 20 bucks and the chewy granola.
So, R.A., I wasn't actually going to go into the hockey night in canada i was actually
transitioning because we usually talk about our weekends and like granelli's college experience
i went to kitchener to the to the kitchener rangers game buddy it was awesome the old
memorial kitchener memorial auditorium it's fuck it's like old maple leaf gardens and they've done
two rentals on it since so it's beautiful it's
got the boxes now and it's got one side that goes up and it's it's ran like the green bay packers
where it's locally owned so everything that it makes goes back into the team they have like
like you talk about state-of-the-art facility obviously the players get whatever they want
they got that room when you come in that is always stocked with food um i don't think
that they're going to school they're doing all their schooling kind of like academy style there
which you could i think that uh uh who do we just have on who kind of went into that when they were
at the program will smith right will smith yeah yep so yeah and on top of that so there was this
finnish coach he won gold medal for the fins and i got his name right here i don't i hope i pronounce it correctly it's you see a whole a whole chaos i butcher these your own probably
not saying the right way if i if i had the guesses i'm brutal can you guys give me a break i'm brutal
with the names with stop stop bullying me right now it's like. He's like, I got this name. You're not bringing up the line of regional, bitch. I'm like, Gesundheit, buddy, spit it out.
But he's the first ever European coach to coach in the CHL.
So he had so much success over there,
and he wants a direct line to the NHL,
and he figured coming over here and play.
And so he ended up in Kitchener,
and they were nowhere near the top 10.
And right now, they do have some weapons in their lineup
and they just traded for a kid from Barry.
Actually, a kid who was in the World Juniors.
I got these guys' names here.
So hopefully I can do a better job with theirs.
Mike, smash it, smash it, smash it.
But it was a great game and I got to do the lineup read.
And I'm undefeated, undefeated.
I got the Oil Kings a couple years ago with
wayno and i got the kitchen arrangers i loved how the goalie i saw the clip i loved how the
goalie at the end stood up and dapped you up like usually goalies are all focused no that guy loved
you and he was he was starting that night and i think he's normally the backup and they got they
got two they got an a1ab you know the modern way and he got up and dabbed me up and then he ended
up having a sick game and he'd been on a bit of a run here they they were getting peppered i think they almost
got doubled up in shots so the boys ended up coming through for him so uh the couple names
that i was going to mention though are uh this kid had back-to-back hat tricks before this game
he played for the world juniors carson uh rakoff he's a seattle second rounder 37 goals in 34 games in the oh he was team Canada
world juniors as an 18 year old and then they ended up uh uh having this uh what is it this
team Slovakia world junior kid he's a first rounder to Montreal Philippe uh uh Meshar and
then this uh other kid Hunter Hunter uh Brustovic fuck He's a Vancouver. That was good. He's a, he's a Vancouver third rounder and he leads the entire league in points as a
defenseman with 67 points in 42 games.
So they had no expectations coming in and now they're like ranked in the top five in
the whole country.
So it's a great, they run a tight ship there.
And if you're a kid that, you know, hopefully ends up in that organization or drafted there
and you're thinking about going to college, no.
Go to Kitchener.
No, no, no, no, no.
Go to Penn State.
Fuck Kitchener.
Fuck Kitchener.
Battle of the duffel bags.
Biz, as a guy who played in the O, I didn't,
but I think of the Kitchener Rangers,
I think of Mike Richards.
He was a Kitchener Ranger, correct?
Oh, that was, yeah.
So when I was playing in the O.
And then Steve Eminger. Those are the two guys I probably think yeah so when I was playing in the O those are the two guys I probably think when I was playing in the O my second year they went on to
win the league and then the mem cup and I don't know if they were hosting it but either way like
Mike that was when Mike Richards has had his coming out party and oh so many greats they had
this other kid he was a crafty defenseman he's the all-time leader in points andre benoit and he was
there when i was playing in the league so a lot of history there uh very comparable to the london
knights london knights kind of has that have that pizzazz whereas i don't know if you compare them
to soccer clubs but they're kind of like the man you i would say that would be the way i would
describe them so that's where pete deborah and spot came out of and they were there forever and
i think that that's why this European coach ended up deciding
there where there is a path from
coaching junior to get up to the NHL
you just have to be with the right organization
so shout out to everybody who helped me
out it was awesome meeting all the fans
doing the meet and greet got to drop the puck
it was an unreal experience and
one I'll never forget and Jeff Krizakis
my old teammate from the O in
Owen Sound 50 goal scorer, not a big deal.
He was the one who kind of set it all up.
He's the assistant coach there.
So I had a blast.
Thank you all.
And that was my weekend, all right?
Biz, I'm not sure if I had told you this before,
but when we were in Edmonton and you did the lineup read for the Oil Kings,
I happened to be standing next to Wayne Gretzky,
and he was pissing his pants laughing.
He actually said, he goes,
this is the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life swear to god he dead quote he actually said
that so you made Wayne Gretzky say this is the funniest thing he loves he loves the lineup reads
he even texted me after this one and then he actually commented under our Instagram page
like Wayne actually commented he got on the gram I don't know if he's that's kind of shocking that
way why are you rolling your eyes G uh no i'm just laughing because i did the lineup read for penn state
and they got pumped like five oh no that's the worst how were you they were playing the ice man
isaac howard buddy that sucks that were you kind of like what did you think of your performance
did you not get them fired up?
I think I absolutely, absolutely fucking murdered it.
Oh, yeah.
I would love to get the tape.
We'll see the tape.
We'll see the tape.
He's like, come on, guys.
Let's go out there.
He's reading the names like biz.
And if it gets hard, you know, if it gets really hard,
kind of like my lacrosse days, you should just quit.
Just quit.
There may or may not have been a financial incentive coming from a donation,
which you're now allowed to do via NIL.
So there was some incentive there.
And yeah, I think I fucking murdered it.
You'll see it in the video.
He squeezes his nuts.
He's like, let's go, boys.
You got the Drowning of Sorrows on frat row, you were telling me, right?
What's that?
He told me he got the Drowning of Sorrows on frat Row, you were telling me, right? What's that? He told me he got the Drowning of Sorrows on Frat Row afterwards.
He said frats were pretty crazy up there.
What is that, G?
What is he mumbling?
Yeah, so like, Penn State's a giant Greek life school,
so they have all these crazy fraternities
that are like the craziest mansions you've ever seen.
And we were just out at the bar one night,
and I mentioned, I'm like,
I've never been, I've never seen one of these
like giant sorority frat
houses at one
of these big schools. So they
took me over to one of the houses. There was a little
party in the basement. We just checked it out quick
and it was... These frat guys
are goons, aren't they? Gee, quick
correction there, hey? With Alana
possibly listening. Quick correction. Yeah, quick. Yeah, we were at the frat house. All goons, aren't they? Quick correction there, hey? With Alana possibly listening.
Quick correction.
Yeah, we were at the frat house. All goons.
No chicks whatsoever.
Well, no, that was the crazy...
It was like a chick
that's meet and greet.
I would say this.
In this basement,
six guys,
maybe 250 girls.
It was...
Come on!
It's wild how they do this
at these frats, man.
Where are the guys? guys dude there's just
like no guys there they just like they only allow girls in and the way these guys talk to each other
like talk to the pledges and shit is fucking wild i was with a kid with a broken leg they made like
the pledges like carry them through the crowd it was fucking wild one guy was like if i say lick
the floor you lick the fucking floor i was gonna
say this whole that whole life is a little bizarre i think it's wild instead i don't know if i put a
hand money for friends basically that's that's the gist of it like you're what i mean i understand
if you go to school you don't know anyone it's like how everyone meets people but i just don't
know if i could have dealt with the that first year of just getting tortured i mean i don't
think i need although i was getting tortured when I was in the NHL by vets.
Well, you don't got a choice there.
The paychecks are too good.
You can't leave, right?
It's like, what sucks you in, the friendship or the money?
But, R.A., were you just about to say
you don't want to get harassed for friendship?
No, basically, you get hazed for how long the pledge period is,
and then you have to pay fees,
and then all of a sudden one day, like,
oh, you're in, you're a part of our fraternity,
and then everyone's their best friend.
But it's so fucking strange.
I know down south is a big deal,
and people talk about networking and shit,
but at my school it was like fucking,
you just got dumped on for like two months,
and now all of a sudden,
oh, you're one of our brothers now.
It was like, it's fucking weird, man.
I mean, whatever floats your boat.
I love you, bro.
Remember that time you shit on my chest?
Yeah.
That was awesome.
Remember when you crushed my girlfriend, man?
That was awesome.
Maybe when you made me call in that
bomb threat to the school
and then I got expelled.
But I'm still here at 45 trying to get into this
threat after you shit on my chest.
Remember when you stabbed me in the spleen when I cut you in line at the dining hall, dude?
I was only in the fucking hospital for two months.
It was cool, dude.
I'll always remember that.
Remember when you made me drink your bath water full of cum like that movie that just came out that Grinnelly loves?
You're my brother.
You're my brother.
You're my blood brother.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, oh, so the kid I was dabbing up, the backup goalie, I can't.
Now, sorry, A1AB.
I got to mention his name.
A1AB.
Tristan Malbuff.
Shout out to you, brother.
Love dabbing you up.
Thanks for the win.
Making me look good.
2-0 in reads.
Grinnelli, suck it.
0-1.
You do not.
Hey, and here's another one. I think during the ECHL series, we didn't lose either. So I'm 5-0 in reads. Grinnelly, suck it. 0-1. You do not. Hey, and here's another one.
I think during the ECHL series, we didn't lose either.
So I'm 5-0.
You are.
I'm fucking 5-0 in fucking game reads.
Well, you know what's going to happen at the Solar Bears game now.
I ain't doing the read.
You're doing the read.
No, no.
You're the read guy, dude.
No.
I'm like, I'm the mascot for Christ's sake.
You can't talk.
All right. i'll tell
them i'm gonna say you motherfuckers ruined my streak i'm gonna come here after the game and i'm
gonna bring my watson gloves i'm gonna slap each and one of you across the face just like that gift
i was like fucking deaf at the when you say yeah i give you a pretty good whack there
fucked up my suction i was deaf as a haddock.
One of RA's favorite lines.
Old school.
Speaking of that, though, we did drop a vlog last week.
It was all about the winter classic biz.
Marshawn Lynch.
We have another one dropping this week.
I just saw the first cut of it.
It's incredible.
Merle's at World Juniors.
It's so awesome.
He talked to every parent, everyone in Sweden.
It was awesome. So 6 p.m. Wednesday, check out YouTube.
And then we'll have a vote.
Who's the drunkest guy in the vlogs, Merle or R.A.?
R.A. wasn't even there.
He still wins.
Photo finish.
What was the date on the episode where Biz was bringing up the YouTube
and then me and him got into it?
Was that like two months ago or less oh i still have people but when that was when the detroit
322 000 now which one wow our youtube 322 so i'm wondering if that was that was like six weeks ago
i mean that we were at 300 then oh right right okay yes yes yes over a thousand per week so
you're giving me thanks for pumping up the numbers.
So we could realistically, so 1,000 per week.
All right, so 400 isn't that far away.
Maybe like a little over a year if we get a little more traction.
Well, we're going to have a video soon.
You boys are heading to the Magic Kingdom down Orlando this weekend, right?
Pink Whitney Night at the Orlando Solar Beers
versus the Atlanta Gladiators Tuesday, January 23rd.
That's going to go down there, Biz.
More hot tub action or what?
I thought I was singing Walt Disney there.
I was singing Barney like a fucking idiot.
Another great show for children.
We're heading down to the Solar Bears game, right?
So we're going down for Pink Whitney night again.
We're going to also be doing, can I drop it?
Can I tease him?
If not, if you can't, we'll cut it. We we're gonna be doing a sandbagger with the busting with the boys and a sit-down interview so i've been on their
podcast wit's been on their podcast we want to do a collab podcast like i want to know like all the
funny shit and everything going on in the football world like we talked blowing they're blowing huge
they're they're those guys are two characters
they're just hilarious and and kind of similar to you and i in a little bit like weirdly enough
yes i don't know like well because will had a good career i think he played nine maybe 10 years
there's a joke online about it maybe 10 years because he got shafted though because he was
supposed to sign with the falcons and then because of the gambling situation with his podcast couldn't play in his 10th year as a pro but you know he kind of
bounced around never really was like like i guess a star player where taylor is much like you where
he you know he was a big college recruit sign he's a lot better at football than i was at hockey but
i just mean in terms of like drafted higher and then you and will were just the grinders out there
will's a grinder and he mucks it up also off the field too as far as the grinder who kind of like drafted higher and then you and will were just the grinders out there will's a grinder and he mucks it up also off the field too as far as the grinder who kind of like runs all
the stuff behind the scenes for the podcast so yes yes very similar personalities and you know
these guys got tons of funny story from the football world and they've you know both got
incredible careers so we're gonna bring them on and give you guys a little taste of something else
as we like to do sometimes so that's gonna be exciting as well as the sandbagger so we do have another sandbagger
avery and kevin connelly coming out sooner rather than later probably in the next couple weeks as
well yeah we have a ton of stuff coming out soon so that that'll probably be end of february i
believe okay but it's an unbelievable sandbagger with one of the craziest moments we've ever had
in sandbagger history there you have it moments we've ever had in sandbagger history. There you have it.
Little teaser.
Little nugget touch.
I don't even remember that.
Will almost put me on LTIR when he grabbed me by the neck filming that Chevy EV commercial, man.
Holy fuck, I wasn't expecting that.
Oh, they're mutants.
Oh, big time.
It's like, bro, I might be tall, but I'm about as tough as that fucking lily over there.
What up, guys?
Whit here.
I want to chat about what I'm wearing on my shirt.
Pink Whitney, the number one flavored vodka on the planet.
The best tasting drink you could ever imagine.
Warm weather, cold weather, doesn't matter.
I'm going down.
I'm going to be playing a little golf in Florida.
And you know when I golf, it's the dream drink.
It's so smooth going down.
It tastes so good.
There's no bad aftertaste. It's just the perfect drink on the course. It's the perfect drink. It's so smooth going down. It tastes so good. There's no bad aftertaste.
It's just the perfect drink on the course.
It's the perfect drink at an NFL playoff game.
It's the perfect drink at the bar when you're looking to catch a little buzz with your buddies,
with the ladies, maybe looking for a little liquid courage.
Go on over.
Rip a shot of Pink Whitney.
You'll feel better about yourself, and you'll be able to talk to that girl of your dreams.
I've said that many times. Orlando, we'll be down there. I've been to many bars there,
rocking the pink wit. They have plenty of different options for bottle sizes when you're
going to your local liquor store. I love the Big Dog, the 1.75. Bring it to the party. It'll be
gone by the end, but everyone gets to enjoy it because it's such a monster-sized bottle.
It's perfect. If you'd rather the nips, that's a great, easy way to go. You go, you buy 12 of them
in the pack, bing, bing, bing, boom, boom, boom. You're feeling great. You're hitting the ball
nice. You're just feeling like yourself. You're feeling like you can go out and conquer the world,
and that's because of Pink Whitney and because of what it can do for you. So like I said,
liquor store, get any size bottle you like. If you go
to the bar, get it with a little splash of soda water, maybe on the rocks as I like it because
the ice melts and it's a little bit, you know, pink Whitney water. And if anything, introduce
it to people who've never had it. I ask you to just give it to people who've never had it. Just,
you know what? If they don't like it, I think they're crazy.
And I think everyone listening probably thinks they're nuts,
but you know what?
That,
that is their right.
I just don't think it'll happen.
So if people that,
you know,
enjoyed flavored vodka and they haven't had pink Whitney,
get it to them.
ASAP,
get to the bar,
get to the liquor store,
keep supporting that brand.
Cannot thank you enough.
Pink Whitney's where it's at. Thanks to newsterdam vodka for making this all happen i love you all
uh also boys i'm going back to uh charleston south carolina thursday there's a cast and crew
screening for the late game the movie i filmed down there in september of 2022 can't wait for
that i'm excited about it man i mean i know shawzy's a tv show i got a couple like few lines in it but this movie i'm actually in it quite a bit and i actually not playing myself
for a version of myself i'm actually acting i sound pretentious like an asshole saying that
but i had like okay you're gonna be this guy so i can't wait to see it i'm probably gonna
you're playing a character not yourself like you are in shawzy exactly i'm the zamboni driver an
angry zamboni driver who just wants these fucking idiots to get out of
the rink.
So I can go home and I'm like yelling at them all,
all fucking game.
So it was really fun to do.
They,
they,
I did a lot more than I expected when I got down there.
So I can't,
I really can't wait to see this now.
It's not going to be at the local multiplex.
You're not going to probably see it at every theater in the country,
but it will be streaming soon.
I'll be letting you know when you can see it,
but I can't wait,
man.
I'm very excited.
I love that.
All right. You're buzzing right now you're like you're like
tr one of our guests coming up all the all the all the acting you're doing these days now that's
fun we might get to it later did you watch the golden globes were you all over that you know
what i i didn't that night for whatever reason i mean they've always kind of been like the i
wouldn't say the oscar's little brother mike the oscar's like fourth cousin that they don't really
talk to,
especially after all the shit they went through.
But I didn't check it out too much,
but Oppenheim is going to sweep the Oscars anyway.
Okay.
Yeah.
Also, just a reminder, we are going to be in Toronto.
I think it's the Spitting Chickens debut up there, right?
Two weeks for All-Star Weekend.
Which is shocking.
I know.
What do you mean?
Just that we haven't been to Toronto as a group yet. Yes, we have.
We went there.
We interviewed Elliott Friedman.
Remember we ran into Shani at the airport?
I know, but I don't think we did a meet and greet.
We did a big event one time.
Wait, you weren't there.
It was with the Scorbette.
They did a big tent.
Oh, that's when I got that stupid blue jacket that I always wear,
that when I look like basically a guy skin buoy.
And I got R.A already those nice new balance shoes
and I'm sure he's probably still wearing to this day
three years ago. Got him on right now. Well
it wasn't there so it wasn't an official
spit and chip debut so I'll blow it up.
Thanks guys. We should have
like a film crew
for when you're arriving at Pearson.
Oh you think I'm flying into Pearson
dude? I'd go to Russia before I
flew into Pearson again.
How are you getting in?
Billy Bishop, baby.
Porter Airlines.
No.
Okay.
You're going Porter.
Which is what I always did when I worked at Sportsnet, too.
It's so easy.
You fly right into the city.
It's unreal.
Okay.
And then I got stuck at Pearson one day.
I'll never go back.
The only negative is that they don't have customs at Billy Bishop.
So you got to do it when you get back to Logan.
So you're finally in Boston.
You might be stuck in East Boston for an hour.
I don't care.
Yeah, you got the rich man's visa.
The past.
No, I don't have anything.
I don't have any of the customs.
What is that called?
Nexus or whatever?
I don't have any of that.
Yeah, Nexus.
But I won't be at Pearson.
I mean, I get tweets like a couple times a week about people going through horror stories at that place. You're nuts if you're flying to Pearson. I mean, I get tweets a couple times a week about people going through horror
stories at that place. You're nuts if
you're flying to Pearson. I'm lucky enough
that Boston has this Porter Airlines right
to Billy Bishop, and it's
beautiful. Now watch what
happens now. Oh, you're going to get rerouted.
I'm going to yell for you right now. We're going to
have Gretzky's basement set up, and
then we're going to have Witt's basement set up. You wear
scuba gear to do the interviews when we're up in Toronto. Great call. Yeah, Gretzky's basement set up and then we're going to have Witt's basement set up. You wear scuba gear to do the interview when we're up in
Toronto. Great call.
Yeah, Gretzky's basement pop-up
shop. We're going to be there all week doing some interviews.
Make sure you come by and you can get your reservation.
Gee, we're going to be tweeting out the links with this show.
They're going to be on all our social media.
Check it out. Get your reservation ahead of time.
I think the registrations were filled
up and they've added some more time slots.
This Gretzky basement is going to be a gong slots. So this Gretzky Basement is going to be
a gong show. Yeah. Gretzky's
Basement.com and also we will be at
King Taps on Friday, February
2nd from 5 to 6.30pm
before the skills competition.
They'll want the whole pizza. We might have a few special pizzas
on top that night as well. Since we're on the topic,
I love the jerseys.
I think they did an incredible job
branding them, especially for the...
Why are you fucking laughing?
Is there anything more obvious than R.A. hating these jerseys?
I'll tell you, my buddy had the perfect line for them.
Same fucking word.
They look like 90s cereal boxes.
That's the point.
It's a silly all-star game with these basic video game players
doing these crazy fucking skills now.
I love the concept.
And the fact that Bieber helped design them. And I i thought the marketing the way they did all of it i think
that they pop perfect and who wants the jerseys it's for the kids and if you're an adult and you
kind of have that fun for the kids it's for the all right you didn't like them it didn't really
like make me jump out of my seat i thought they looked like something like on like a fast food
fucking happy meal,
like McDonald's or something.
I don't know.
They were kind of cheesy.
Well, I figured you would have loved it then.
By the way, when are we getting the celebrities?
Have they come out with...
Who are the four celebrities with the four captains for the team?
I don't think they've came out yet.
I would put money...
Bieber will be one of them, no?
Bieber should be one of them.
I would put my money down that McDavid's team has Chad Kroger.
Has to.
He's the Nickelback guy.
He's their fucking agent at this point, the amount he's promoting them.
Who are your guesses?
Shania Twain?
She's from Timmins.
No, no.
I actually have no idea because with the NHL,
they could whip out a kid from Home Improvement,
like the show show 40 years.
It's the NHL.
Tim the Tool Man Taylor?
Yeah.
People would fucking love that.
They'd probably want him as the Leafs head coach.
Get in the corners and work harder.
That's why I think I don't know if the NHL.
Getting Bieber is legit.
We get Smash Mouth doing musical performances and stuff.
It's not exactly like the NHL is hammering
out big time celebs.
You know who I think would be the perfect
head coach? Would be Phil Kessel.
Oh, wow. That's a wild card.
How the fuck
with all these injuries and the amount of guys
give him a job?
Dude, and what did he have? 13, 14
goals last year?
I think it's so weird he hasn't been signed.
I think Corey Perry's going to get signed before he gets signed.
Perry's definitely getting signed.
Oh, he's getting signed.
He's getting signed.
No doubt about it.
Absolutely.
So I like the jerseys, and I get where you guys are coming from,
but I think it's going to be so cool.
And really cool that it was all the guys from,
they should change those jerseys to Vancouver Canucks third jersey
for fuck's sakes with how many guys we got voted in.
They have five guys on the team.
It's like the London Knights my last year of junior hockey did.
Seven guys from their team on the all-star team.
It is wild.
That's a little much.
Yeah.
Well, coaches are going to be Tarket, LaViolette, Montgomery on bonus.
There's going to be four-player and celebrity captains.
They're going to pick 11 players each for the teams.
There's going to be nine skaters and two goalies.
Coaches will be assigned when the captain's named.
So it should be a good time.
But, yeah, Canucks and Leafs fans, they were very busy voting.
Bessa, Demko, Miller, Pedersen were named,
along with Mata, Nylander, and Riley.
Should be good stuff.
And also, Jeremy Swayman, Bruins guy.
We've got to give him a shout-out.
We'll get to him a little bit later,
but they listen,
they had to revamp that all-star setup with the skills comp.
They got 10 guys in right now.
I think two more get voted in the lineup.
They have,
if everybody's healthy is absolutely.
I think Sid would probably get added to the mix if they're not idiots,
if he's going,
but I,
I am,
are you not fired up for this million dollar event?
I love it.
You were kind of the one that was down on it a couple weeks ago.
And I backed out of it.
You convinced me, and the more I thought about it.
Gary rang up that bat.
Shut the fuck up.
No, he didn't.
No, he didn't.
No, he didn't.
Did you change your mind?
I respect it.
I respect it.
I can't be bought like that.
Yeah.
I just told, what do you think?
I'd rather be bought or tell you you're right.
What do you think?
What do you think I'm going to do?
You would be bought in a second.
Jesus.
All right, Biz.
Before we get to your hockey night in Canada,
remind us to subscribe to our YouTube page if you have not yet
and follow our socials.
Biz, awesome stuff Saturday night.
We already talked about your kitchen arranges.
Give me a sec.
Gary's calling.
Gary's calling.
Give me one second.
All right.
Joe's canceled.
Biz is live streaming. Give me the topic. I'm going to text's calling. Give me one sec. All right. Joe's canceled. Biz is live streaming.
Give me the topic.
I'm going to text him, and whatever he says, I'll say it.
Dude, the Terry Ryan stuff.
This was unbelievable.
You broke the news.
Our buddy Terry Ryan hasn't played pro hockey in 21 years.
Newfoundland Growlers.
Yeah, what's that?
Newfoundland Growlers.
They've been fucking undermanned.
Bunch of sick guys.
They called Terry Ryan.
Party on the night before his birthday.
Biz breaks the story. Take us through that through that biz it was unbelievable stuff man well we always sit in
the back at hockey night in canada and i do explain it while we're talking to terry because
i don't think he'd heard that side of the story and he was a little banged up and he had some
mushrooms that's why i said extracurriculars on air and thought maybe it was part joking when he
first sent the message and then i told ron not explaining that he was on shrooms at that point.
And as soon as it came out of my mouth, Ron's like, let's break the news on air.
And I'm like, okay.
So then I texted him right back, basically being like, Hey, you can't pull out now.
I'm breaking this fucking story on air.
And he said that he got the call.
He said, originally, he didn't really believe that the guys on the team calling the local
guys, but it's an amazing fucking story.
The guy deserves everything he's gotten,
and he is just a true fucking showman.
So getting to break it and get the ball rolling on that was awesome
and a night I'll never forget,
and I'm sure one that Terry Ryan, that 24 hours, is fucking insane.
Well, I think we should send it over to him right about now, man.
Great interview.
We talked to him for about a half hour.
So without further ado, here is Terry Ryan.
Boys, real quick, before we go any farther,
the world must know.
Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Body Armor Zero Sugar.
That's right.
That's right.
Body Armor Zero Sugar, a new zero sugar sports drink from our great, great, great friends
at Body Armor with no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
So whether you're looking to stay hydrated or you're just recovering from a long weekend
like me, Body Armor Zero Sugar has got you covered.
Body Armor Zero Sugar has great tasting flavors as well.
Lemon Lime.
They got Fruit Punch.
My personal favorite, Orange.
I said it off the top, guys.
I am coming off a very long weekend at Penn State,
and there's no better way for me to stay hydrated for a late-night recording
than Body Armor Zero Sugar.
Biz is always telling me, Mike, you got to cut out the sugar.
Well, now I can with my new favorite sports drink, Body Armor Zero Sugar. Biz is always telling me, Mike, you gotta cut out the sugar. Well, now I can with my new favorite sports drink, Body Armor Zero Sugar.
It's available in stores nationwide, but you can head on over to the Body Armor store on
Amazon and get yours today.
Well, a huge pleasure to always bring this guy on the show, but today it's just something
special.
He's been the talk of the hockey world.
Just an unbelievable story. I don't know, Terry, if this is your fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighteenth guy on the show but today it's just something special he's been the talk of the hockey world just an unbelievable story
I don't know Terry if this is your 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th
18th time on the show either way you're
one of our favorites aka
Ted Hitchcock aka
10 inch cock aka Uncle
T Terry fucking Ryan
what a game last night we love you buddy
couple clicks for Terry
what a show
hey if somebody told me that there was going to be I'll lie about it. A couple of clicks for Terry. What a show.
Hey, if somebody told me that there was going to be a time again in the world that you were the number one search name on Hockey TV,
I would have said that he probably got arrested for armed robbery or something.
What a great way to put it.
We got McKinnon bending the leaves over at home,
and you're the talk of the hockey universe.
What a story.
No plans on that, guys.
I got the call.
I was out celebrating my birthday with my buddies.
I mean, my birthday was Sunday, but it's Saturday,
and we're like, you know, stroke of midnight, T-Bone.
Let's go out.
So I had no clue that this was going to happen.
We came here at first.
I was watching videos in the afternoon.
Then I went to the Growlers game.
Then I went to Greensleeves. Then I was at Blue. I was at Blue on Water. I Then I went to the growlers game. Then I went to green sleeves.
Then I was at blue.
I was at blue on water.
I don't know how many pints in.
It's 12.05.
Zach O'Brien phones.
Now, Zach, I skate with all the boys.
I mean, skating with them is one thing.
But so he calls and says, you know, do you want to play tomorrow?
I say, yeah, right.
You know, happy birthday.
And party, Adam party adam party called when he parts
called i knew he was serious and he just said no like we seriously need it what happened guys is
they had the flu bug went around they had a few injuries okay and the the senior hockey
deadline here is january 10th so yes we had a good senior league here there's lots of young
prospects just got back.
We're players that just got back from major junior or college or whatever,
and they want a game in town.
And, you know, Newfoundland, we always want to win the Allen Cup,
so we always put a team together, and there'll be a team.
Well, whoever wins.
So if you play, though, after January 10th pro,
you can't go back and play senior, and guys do take it serious.
And so they didn't have many players to pick from and um oh so that's you're speaking to the haters
right now the people trying to bring this story down there was not many people on the island to
pick from like it just so happens yeah they think it was a publicity stunt it wasn't now it wasn't
at all and but i got the call guys i'm three sheets to the wind at 12.05.
It's an afternoon game.
I said extracurriculars on hockey night in Canada because you were on mushrooms too, you fucking idiot.
Probably something.
Well, it's a normal day.
It's just a normal afternoon.
So I immediately went out.
I hailed a cab.
I went home.
I drank like liters and liters of water.
I had a couple of sandwiches.
It was hard to get to sleep.
It was all coming together.
I mean, I was sobering up, but I was like, okay, I'm going to do this, right? Like I'm going to play pro hockey tomorrow.
And again, I knew everybody would think it was some sort of publicity stunt.
I'm telling you it wasn't.
The stars aligned.
And they asked me.
They needed a player.
And like I love the growlers.
I go watch.
I've separated my mind from being a player obviously i
go down i take my daughter like i love it me and my buddies go down i love that we have a professional
hockey team here it's awesome to watch and uh you know i'm a fan i played here for the saint john's
maple leafs in the american league and i really take pride in that i love my hometown my province
so to play on the team was such an experience just from that point of view.
There's so much to unpack.
But just the fact that I got to play with the Growlers, I could have been 25.
What a time.
Now to be 47, to have my daughter there, to have all these people from different walks of life, like my film buddies.
There was people there I played soccer with in in under 12
there was people there that i went to university with a completely different life there was people
there that uh you know aunts uncles cousins just and they all came together in a room to share that
experience with me i i it transcends hockey it it really and you know my daughter guys she was
she was born seven years
after my last professional game she's 13 years old and she got to see and she got to see me play
matt cook didn't have to put me on the ice and you know what else uh uh biz i went over after
the game i knocked on the door to the adirondack thunder and zach walker i asked for him and he
came out and i i shook his hand and i gave a hug. He didn't have to do that.
Right.
He had everything to lose.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
I don't mean that I'm tougher than I just mean the moment was there.
Like I could have got one punched and still people are going to go, Hey, a 47 year old
fought in the opposite end of the spectrum.
It's like when I fought Taitomi the first time, I'm like, what's the worst that can
happen here?
If I get one punch in, you know, it's going to be great.
And it's always like for my buddies and my friends and, you know, that's who I got in mind.
So I'm down there and, you know, there was a lot of people, it was nearly sold out and, um,
people started to chant my name and I didn't want it to be awkward. I didn't want it to be a side
show. I really didn't. I said that to everybody before. And I know what all my buddies were
thinking. I'm going to go out there and I'm going to get in a fight.
Okay.
Now, first of all, if I do that, it's a selfish move.
What if I fight in the first period and I lose and they get the momentum and they win and they score a goal.
Right.
Again, the growlers asked me to do it.
Adam parties, my friend, Zach O'Brien, Jordan, Scott, Adam, Daw, and James and Lindy were on the team.
They're four Newfoundlanders, a very unique situation that play here.
And they're my friends who I hang out with.
So they must have vouched for me.
I mean, Matt Cook must have thought this is a publicity stunt.
He must have.
But when I got there, I think he could see that it wasn't.
I was ready to do a job, man, and whatever.
And you're still skating all the time.
You play ball hockey.
Your cardio's there.
I know with the Shorzy roll,
you've been lifting weights and stuff like that.
So hey, to me, it wasn't that far-fetched.
I mean, there's a lot to unpack too.
When did you first tell Senior?
When did you call him?
Was he already sleeping?
He was at the bar when he got the call.
No, Senior drinks Fridays.
We had a couple on Friday.
So this was Saturday now.
That's why.
Yeah.
This was Saturday night at midnight.
No,
I phoned him on the way back in the cab and he didn't,
I really don't think from the vibe I got them.
They thought I was serious or maybe he's like,
you know,
yeah,
they want you to go down the morning,
but the players are going to get in.
This is not going to happen.
And in the morning I was like,
no,
it's very real.
Like,
and if you want to go,
he's,
you don't see senior speechless much. He didn't really know what to say. He said, just the morning, I was like, no, it's very real. And if you want to go, you don't see seniors speechless much.
He didn't really know what to say.
He said just the same thing I said.
I wish when he's sleeping.
On one hand, yeah.
That's the only time.
On one hand, I said at first, I wish I knew a little bit before.
But looking back, it's kind of good that I didn't.
I would have been dwelling on it.
I would have been thinking about it.
I just went out and like one minute it's my birthday and I'm having a ho-hum kind of normal birthday with my buddies.
And 24 hours later, I'm, you know, playing a professional hockey.
Not even.
What?
12 hours later, I'm playing a professional hockey game with my hometown team with my friends
my daughter's there like that's the big thing guys she was there with her friends and i just
thought in my in my head i'm like i just don't want to embarrass man like and i just and after
the first shift to be i started the game i mean i didn't know that was gonna happen so but i knew i
knew after the first shift that I could handle it.
I got out there, and I had to make a couple of plays quick.
And it was like riding a roller coaster.
I was getting off on it. It was a bit of adrenaline.
I didn't get out there in the second period.
But then people started to chant, man.
It was like Rudy or some shit.
People were chanting my name.
And then I'm looking.
I kept thinking, Matt's in an awkward position here, man.
And if he doesn't give me one shift, I'm fine with it.
And he had me up three times in the second period,
but we, there was penalties each time.
So I didn't get out there.
And then the third I played regular and I was like, okay, I'm into it.
Right.
It's like, you know, I, I, I,
I get out there and I felt more confident with each shift and guys,
I'm telling you this again, I didn't plan on fighting, but when the fight happened, it was six to two.
Okay. But when I jumped over the boards, James Malindi,
who's been the captain here for years, he's a firefighter.
Now he plays home games. The odd road game loves hockey.
One of my buddies, I watched him play since he's 10 years old.
And when he came, you know,
old enough to be a pro and everything we skate together in the summers,
he's a real, real good friend. Zach O'Brien's one of my best friends and jordan escott adam daw
was there so i get onto the ice and i see that meller got hit down in the corner like and his
helmet popped off and i did my homework before just in case anything turned out and i knew that
zach walker mixed it up a bit so when i saw, then, you know, they asked me to do a job.
I know eras change,
but fighting is still very much part of hockey,
whether people like it or not.
And when I got out there,
I'm like,
okay,
you know,
it was 1997 there for a brief minute.
You know what I mean?
Did you show up to practice today?
And they're like,
uh,
that was,
yeah.
What do you mean?
Hey,
Rudy,
how's the bus leave tomorrow? Rudy one game. That's it. And then you're done. that was... Yeah, what do you mean? What do you mean about on the team?
How many times does the bus leave tomorrow?
Rudy won game, that's it, and then you're done.
Well, I'll say this.
Someone asked me that today.
It wasn't my goal to play.
Of course, if they asked again, I'd love to,
but it's almost anticlimactic.
Yes, exactly.
When my career ended, it didn't end on my terms.
I was hurt, and it always played on my mind a bit that I didn't go back to Montreal camp.
And I didn't deal with Michelle Terry in the right way. And I made a lot of that.
I made my bed and I live by the consequences. I'm glad I played in the NHL.
I played eight games. I should have played 800. I'm serious. I'm not saying that to be cocky.
I'm a first round pick. And I always felt that I let people down, especially around Newfoundland.
They would never say it to you, but I know.
I live here, and I know that everybody, I had the key to the city.
They retired my jersey.
I was everywhere.
I was everything, and then it all came crashing down,
and now that put a reset on my last professional game.
It put a bow on it that I didn't think could possibly happen.
And my daughter was there to see it. And like I said,
sorry, a bit emotional because she was really inspired. And I just didn't know as a father,
as a parent, you want to inspire your kids. Yeah, of course. Not everybody has a moment like that,
that they can possibly have. And, you know, it starts with Zach and those guys. They must have.
I mean, it just didn't come out of nowhere.
People had to have confidence in me.
I'll say it again, man.
Matt Cook didn't have to put me on the ice.
He gave me a regular shift as a 47-year-old in the third period of an East Coast League game.
I delivered.
I'm proud of myself.
You almost had one, too.
I know.
How big did your eyes get
when that puck went through the crease, dude?
Nearly had it. I was squeezing my stick a bit. I know. How big did your eyes get when that puck went through the crease, dude? Nearly had it.
I was squeezing my stick a bit.
You know what?
I should have been back a little bit.
But anyway.
I mean, you've always been open, Terry, but also self-deprecating about how you think you left a lot on the table as far as your playing career.
So to be able to kind of get that send off in in front of your home crowd
man it's gotta it's gotta hit home and that's why that's why it's such an impactful story and i and
anybody who's asked me fuck i'm getting like national news texts about like coming on and
like explain this this is this is going spreading like a wildfire here but i just i feel like people
are just now like it was meant to be the way it's been up until now.
And you're having your John Scott moment where it starts now.
I feel like everybody's going to get to know Terry Ryan now and your career and everything you do is going to explode.
Like you got Shorzy going on.
You got,
you're an incredible storyteller.
Like you,
I,
I've always been fascinated with you from the minute I met you and everybody
kept telling me
hey get him on the podcast for for your antics but like and and I always appreciated how open
you were about the fact that you you know you were you were vulnerable about explaining how
you think you left it on the table and for you to get that moment I think it's just like very
symbolic and the fact of how you've climbed out of that and look at everything you've accomplished and having to kind of live with the fact that maybe
you went home and i don't want to say you felt embarrassed going home that's not the right term
but maybe you're like oh i had such these high expectations that i let them down bro you ain't
letting them down you're fucking you're a very strong representation of how cool the rock is and
your people, man.
Like, your dad's one of the most fascinating guys I've ever met.
You guys are like a fucking family.
He was there with Bells on.
I was so, so happy that he saw that, you know, that he, I mean, he was pumped beyond belief.
And you're right, Biz.
And here's the thing.
I didn't play my cards right when I was a professional player.
I take pride in being a good teammate
and
there was no social media at the time
thank god
for some reasons
but I never really got a chance
to explain myself till my book
and even then
it came out
I never dwelled on it recently
I know what you're saying
when I went on Chicklets a it recently. I know what you're saying. Guys, really, when I went on Chiclets, a lot happened,
and I really appreciate that.
A lot of things, positive vibes all the way,
and a lot of opportunities were created after that.
But not everybody, lots of players do what I did.
They get picked, and maybe for one reason or another,
their career doesn't turn out like they wanted it to.
And for some people that are in my position that I believe I was good enough. I just, I made some bad decisions as a young kid
that I don't think I would have made now, but you can't go back. You can't go back in time,
but not everybody gets the second chance to do it. And I just had last night,
everybody gets a second chance to do it.
And I just had last night,
a second chance is probably a tenth chance,
but a second chance at finishing my career.
I didn't do it on my own terms.
Last night was my own terms.
It was so great.
And the support was so overwhelming in that building.
It was so overwhelming biz.
And here's what I love about hockey.
I'm not reading social media today.
Cause I know some people will probably be down on it.
And,
you know,
and I know lots of people,
it's a very emotional day for me.
And I'm not trying to get negative,
but here's the thing.
I, I,
I, hockey to me, Here's the thing.
Hockey, to me, it's part of the fabric.
I've always said a dressing room is a microcosm of real life.
If you're a leader in a dressing room,
I truly believe that you'll probably be a leader in real life.
I've never stepped too far from hockey, even when I wanted to.
And when I went out there and I got in that fight, I know a lot of people were thinking, but that was a hockey play. I was playing a hockey play because I was paid
last night to be a hockey player. No matter what the novelty of it was, it's still, that was part
of why I was a hockey player. I think it's why I got drafted partially, not all, but where I did
with some level of passion for the game. Sometime you step outside, not all, but where I did with some level of passion for the
game. Sometime you step outside of those boundaries, but when I saw Miller got hit, there was a, there
was a level in my mind of temper that took me outside. It was, it was, you know, that rage,
that temper you get when your teammate gets hit. And for a second, I'm 25. I wasn't thinking about
any of that, but a lot of people are like, well, you know, of course he did. Cause he's barbarian.
He used to fight and he's going to be out there fighting.
I'll tell you why hockey is beautiful, man, is that after the game, I went over, I knocked down the door and Zach came out.
I shook his hand and gave him a hug, said you didn't have to do that.
And I really appreciate it.
You created a moment for me that I'll always remember.
And their team came out.
And we all had a chat. And I said, boys, honestly, if you guys don't leave till
tomorrow, why don't you come on over? We all went over to green sleeves and, and, and Christians
there. And we sat down and a few guys on our team, a few on their team, and we were just told some
hockey stories, you know, and it was me telling a story about my first game, Brock Caulfield,
maybe, uh, telling the story about, you know, his brother Cole and then them growing up in Wisconsin together.
Jordan Escott, my buddy.
There's a story there.
He's played senior hockey with me.
Walked down to the Growlers last year after 10 years off.
That's a story, too.
Zach O'Brien playing with you.
Winning the Calder Cup.
All those stories went around.
And for a snippet of time it's it the door is closed but
yesterday i was their teammate if only for a small snippet but people asked did you go out after i'm
like of course the game ended at 6 30 i'm for that moment i'm a teammate i'm a newfoundland growler
and it was so great to go over there and be a pro player, a teammate, even if it's for one day with the boys. And, uh,
to, to, to see everybody come together. I just say it always a hockey trend or that transcends
hockey or, or any sport. And a lot of people don't realize that, you know, it started with a fight,
but it ends with respect and a, and a common camaraderie that we all have as players.
T.R., did you use your seniority maybe in the room before the game,
getting the rub down, you know, getting the massage?
The boys let me do the tunes.
Yes.
You had the all-star.
They're like, who's this guy, the Beatles?
I put on all classic rock.
I said, screw this, I'm going old school.
What would Lyle Odeline do in this situation?
Oh, yeah.
He was doing the tunes, my first NHL game.
So, T.R., okay, so obviously you got very sentimental about all this,
but it kind of was funny the night before when you were like,
you always do these voice memos, and you left me the first one,
and I didn't tell them that you were on shrooms,
but I said it in the room.
I got Kelly Rudy to my left, I got Elliot Friedman to my right,
and then Ron McClain's over there in the chair,
and I said, you'll never guess this,
Terry Ryan's 47 years old tomorrow,
and he's going to be signing with the ECHL Growlers
to play in the coast.
And Ron's just like, let's break the news.
And I'm like, okay and I'm like okay like
I'm like oh shit so then I texted you
after I go I go you better be playing
now because I'm fucking breaking the
news on on hockey night in Canada but
you were sending me voice voice notes
to the night and then eventually you
got confirmation from O'Brien and
party that this this was it was his game
on when parts said it I knew it was
real is he the GM there?
Adam Pard is the assistant coach.
Okay.
Just for our listeners who aren't sure who you were talking about.
Sorry, yeah, yeah.
Adam Pard, ex-NHLer, came back.
And the Growlers, this is their fourth or fifth year.
And their first year in existence, they won the championship in the East Coast League.
And Adam came back as a former NHLer and played on the team and was a real impact player.
And they won.
And now he's got in the office for a bit.
And now he's the assistant coach.
And Adam and I are buddies, obviously, but just his tone.
He's like, I'm very serious, Terry.
And if you want it, it's there for you.
I don't know if it ever will be again, but it's there for you right now.
And I'd love you to play.
And that pretty much sold me.
Obviously, Hockey Night in Canada, huge where you were growing up.
It must have been 10 times extra special to have Biz break the story on that show in particular.
Well, Ron gave me the green light and the other guys were okay with it.
So I was like, all right, that's where there was no backing out for you.
Yeah, exactly.
But I really appreciate that i
watch every night ron's one of my best friends in the world so are you biz so you know for you
guys to to bring that up on there like i i i thought that was great i well as soon as i said
it he goes oh yeah he goes you ever been in the basement i'm like yeah and he said the last time
he was in the basement you guys played a beatle song for him i forget the name of the beatles song but at the end of the
song it holds a chord for 40 seconds yeah that the name of that song is a day in the life it's
the last song on the sergeant pepper album which is my favorite and ron and i when we have beers
we often uh talk music and uh he's really into the talking heads i'm into the beatles and but usually we
have we're into the same stuff and we'll we'll share stories about the bands that we love
and he'd never heard that at the very end of a day in the life it's the longest sustained piano note
in the history of rock and roll and i think it's four or five grand pianos and they all get down
and they make a sound it gives the song a real heavy
kind of finality and the song is deep for a lot of reasons i mean if you're a beatles fan
it's extra special so i told that to him and ron he i remember when he when i had my book coming out
he sent me a message he got he goes i got a great quote for the book and we put it right on the front. It says like a sustained piano note,
tears,
friendship never ends.
And he was referring to a day in the life.
And then he referred to it again on there.
He's a good,
Oh,
he's like,
we go way back.
Ron,
Ron is from red.
His memory is insane.
I don't know.
It's kind of like Wayne's where they,
like they don't forget names.
They can bring up stories for every individual.
Like you could meet them one time. He remembers their first and last name. Probably knows their social security number too. where they don't forget names. They can bring up stories for every individual.
You can meet them one time,
he remembers their first and last name.
Probably knows their social security number too.
It's crazy.
Yeah, it's incredible.
It's incredible.
Yeah, he's the GOAT. Is history knowledge?
I'm like, how do you find the time
to just have so much in your brain?
Are you just constantly absorbing information
and nothing goes out?
I know, man.
He'll remember things.
He remembered my friend Jeremy Hart last year by name, and he met him in 2000.
It was 07, 08.
We were at a golf tournament, Brad Richards Golf Tournament in PEI, and he hadn't seen him since.
And he remember, hey, Jeremy.
Right.
It was water in the fight you had.
Are you a lefty?
You threw those left.
Oh, yeah.
Those are nice.
Oh, so that's your offhand. That's my offhand. Those are those lefts oh yeah those are nice oh so those that's your
offhand that's my offhand yeah those are nice lefts coming around the corner there i know yeah
it's funny i never when i when i got to pro shane corson helped me with that i i would i would throw
too many rights and he's like it doesn't matter if you just if a left is just it doesn't have to
be coordinated it goes just if you got it it puts the other fighter kind of on their heels a little bit.
And you know, the last two or three years of my professional career,
the fights I got in,
yeah,
I threw the odd left.
It catches,
and I knew that they might've done their homework.
And if he did,
he's expecting this one.
So,
you know,
I mean,
it's not like I had time to plan it,
but I,
I,
I definitely instinctively went left first for that reason.
I love like do love doing his homework.
He's like, YouTube wasn't even around when you were out there ripping it.
He's like, how's he going to find the homework on you?
Yeah, there was only seven guys on the team born before my last game pro.
No shit.
On my team, yeah.
So the majority of the team wasn't alive when I played my last game pro. No shit. On my team, yeah. So the majority of the team wasn't alive when I played my last game.
Just talking about the Beatles.
I'm not trying to get you emotional again, but your daughter, Penny Lane,
what did she say to you after the game?
Oh, God.
She was so proud.
She just kept saying, I can't believe it.
She said, I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I told you guys i never
pushed hockey on her i thought there'd be a lot of pressure if she was into it i wouldn't have
said don't play but she plays soccer she's one of the best girls in the province she's on the
provincial team she's a great athlete and she never got into hockey but we watched together
but for that reason like you know and i, and I always had the pictures up,
right.
The Montreal Canadians,
but a lot of,
if you think about it,
a lot of like beer league teams and everything have that symbol.
I don't think she ever realized until a few years ago when the Habs made the
final,
she came back one day and the door opened and she was there with her friend
and she was like,
is that the team that you played for?
I go,
yeah,
that's what,
that's what all this is.
And then I explained it all to her.
Like I said, no hard feelings with Montreal.
Raejean Houle took her to her first game last year.
He's the alumni guy now in Montreal.
So we went up.
He takes care of us.
He's great.
It's all water under the bridge.
So she saw that, and we saw the Habs game.
They won in overtime last year against the Leafs.
She loved it.
She come back here. She always supports me, but she did not see that coming. Like,
I didn't see it coming when I told her she, and I couldn't tell her at night, it was too late.
So, you know, as the ball started rolling in the morning, she just called, she goes,
are you serious? I said, yeah. Do you want to, you want to go down to the game when I'm driving
down? So she got in the car with me. Her mom is danielle and i my ex-wife were still on great terms danielle i drove danielle
was in the back and penny lane sat next to me and the whole way she had her arm she had her hand on
my forearm and she's like don't worry don't be nervous and i said all i can do like i could
have said no to all this because before the game yesterday,
I just didn't want to embarrass her
or anybody else,
but that was the main thing.
So I said, I got this opportunity, Penny Lane,
and I am a pro hockey player,
and you never ever saw that.
So I'm doing this for you,
and I said, I'm going to do my hardest
I said just like I tell you
all I can do is go out and finish every hit
and try my hardest
and if it doesn't go my way
then that's the breaks
but I promise you I'm going to try my hardest
she put her hand
she goes I love you dad
and then afterwards it was just
I was in shock
I know I remember saying I can't believe it after that.
I don't really know what she said, to be honest.
We had a talk.
And today we she came back here and she sat down and she said, I just can't believe what happened, Dad.
And I'm so proud.
And I'm like, that's awesome.
Yeah.
So it's beautiful.
That moment again, again, it was a nice little novelty.
I went out for a warm-up i started the game if that
was it it was a nice little nod my friends were down there to support me and it would have been
a nice little neat little story but then when i got out there to play and then actually got in
the fight like i said a lot of things had to go right yeah and matt had to put me on the ice walker had to say yes and it was a decent i'm glad he fell on me at the end but i'm
glad i got some punches in it's not like i was outclassed or anything i was in a fight hockey
fights.com has it a draw oh really that's all you need that's all you need yeah you might even get
the you might you might get the win for popularity votes now i used to get the sympathy votes and log on to 16 computers maybe maybe being 47 yeah
this is in the apple store voting from every single ip address yeah
hey but but uh tara like that finale though like getting called out as a star and then
you coming out what made you almost eat it did you step on a court or you just hit a rut?
I hit a rut.
Okay.
I nearly did.
I mean, thank God you didn't go down and then you finish it off with the bow.
It just, it was so you like you're, you're such a showman.
And yeah, not again.
None of that was, but when the game ended,
I was going to go straight off again.
Cause I didn't want to be like be a sideshow, but then I was like was like okay and i even forgot nowadays you go over and you do this one to the
crowd right yeah so i did that and then it started to be and when i did it the whole play like
everybody was doing it and then i just kind of as soon as i did that then everybody erupted
and i was like okay and then i came off and melinda and jordan ascot said hey get back out
there so i went back out once and i had already done it and then i went off and Melinda and Jordan Ascot said, hey, get back out there. So I went back out once and I had already done it.
And then I went off and the lights came on.
The lights went off and they said, hey, every player, every game, there's a hardest working player and you got it.
So I ran under the ice.
I didn't really know what to do.
Told you, Penny.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
And, you know, I figured I didn't really think it out and i didn't want the bow to
seem cocky but i thought this is the last time that i'm gonna have skates on and a professional
and it was a nice little end so i gave her one of these in other words thank you very much
to the fans for all the memories for everything i mean i played her on the saint john's maple
leafs too a lot of the same they might be, but it's a lot of the same fans.
And if nothing else, man, if nothing else,
they know I tried my hardest.
I was a hardworking player.
And, you know, I think for them,
it was a bit nostalgic to see that again.
So when's the tattoo coming?
What a great story.
I mean, it was just awesome.
Kind of took over social media.
And I know you said you haven't been on.
I haven't seen like any negative press about it.
I think everyone who's a hockey fan enjoys and chicklets fans know you a lot
better than others.
So it was just a,
like you said,
perfect bow in your career,
getting to do it again,
getting to be one of the boys,
a great description and story of the whole day.
So I'm real happy for you,
dude.
Congratulations.
Boys.
Thank you very much.
You never really know,
do you? Every once in a while, like the Congratulations. Boys, thank you very much. You never really know, do you?
Every once in a while, like the stars align and these situations turn up and couldn't be any more fortunate.
It really was one of the best moments of my life.
And I'll tell you why, guys, that I think it's my best hockey memory.
You're going to laugh at me, but at least personally.
I mean, we lost the game.
I have one world championship, so I'm not saying you had your guy.
I mean, we lost the game. I have one world championship, so I'm not saying you had your guy, but yeah, but like my first NHL game again, I don't want to be cocky when I say this, but I kind of expected it. I mean, you're working towards a goal. You get drafted. It was still a bit overwhelming and it's awesome. It was the Montreal Canadiens. But again, I'm working towards that. This was out of nowhere. This just happened. This was like, and it happened and it all played out so positive and so much inspiration and emotion all around me. And so that I didn't
plan for it. And that's why I say like, it just happened. And all of a sudden, like, you know,
the sun came up and by the time it went down, a major event had happened in my life and that I had no inkling was going to happen.
I am glad I keep myself in good shape.
Otherwise, it would have been impossible.
And no one's better at articulating it, buddy.
You deserve it all.
I'm so happy for you, man.
We appreciate you coming on to describe all that.
And it's just the beginning.
It's just the beginning, man.
It's going to pop off now.
Back to Chicklets Cup now.
Yeah, get the focus back in.
Hi.
Now I want you back down low working to get back up high.
Yeah, you're right.
And I got some ideas, guys.
Anyway, we'll talk about that soon.
Okay.
All right, buddy.
I have some ideas.
Oh, RA's got one. Probably a Shorzy question. Here we go. Absolutely, buddy. anyway we'll talk about that soon but okay all right buddy i have some ideas oh all right he's
got one for probably a shorezy question here we go fucking lully buddy i i know you're a little
more white than i am do we have an official date on the season three drop yet for canada or the
u.s we don't have no it's a great question and um i asked jared that the other day the way i'm
led to believe it's going to be in in line with the playoffs i don't know exactly which date now
that would make sense right so i believe i in in
the film industry you never want to assume because things often go sideways but that's what i believe
and i think it's a good decision from their point of view i think now would be a good time to license
that fuck tent i don't know your name's buzzing around quite a bit. Every time I put a picture up with a girl,
it's fuck tent, right?
People ask him like that.
Oh, yeah, just multiple comments.
Just fuck tent.
Yeah, Mr. Hashtag fuck tent.
Well, we love you, buddy, and we'll see you soon.
Thanks again, boys.
It's been an absolute pleasure.
Love you guys.
Love you too, yeah.
And let's catch up.
I might be in Toronto for the All-Star game.
I might take my dad up. And if I do, I hope to see you guys. Love you too. And let's catch up. I might be in Toronto for the All-Star game. I might take my dad up.
And if I do, I hope to see you guys there.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at game time.
Folks, listen, last week I was looking for something to do.
Saturday night, the Bruins had Tampa Bay in town.
What did I do?
I hit up game time.
Awesome tickets,
awesome seats. Took me about 10 seconds to get it done. No hassle, no hassle, no hassle. It's
great stuff because you shouldn't have to worry when you're buying tickets to your next big event
and you don't have to worry when you use GameTime. GameTime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets
for all the sports, music, comedy, theater, anything that's in your town. Boom. Hit it up.
It's great stuff.
I went last week.
Again, Tampa Bay Lightning, Boston Bruins, unreal seats, about 15 rows up.
Can't beat it.
Last minute tickets, flash deals, zone deals.
It's so easy to find and buy tickets for every kind of event in your area.
This app is so easy to use.
Game Time has deals on tickets right up to the start of an event, even an hour after
it started.
It's the place to find last-minute tickets.
You find exclusive flash deals as well,
sponsored deals on tickets for football, basketball, baseball, concerts,
comedy, theater, and more, all kinds of stuff.
With zone deals, you pick the section,
and GameTime picks the seats for an average of 18 savings.
And the GameTime guarantee means you always get the best price.
If you find tickets in the same section and roll for less, boom,
GameTime will credit you 110 of the difference.
That's unreal.
Not 100, 110.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply. Again, create an account, redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase. Terms apply. Again,
create an account. Redeem code CHICKLETS
for 20 off.
Download Game Time today. Last minute
tickets. Lowest price.
Guaranteed.
Man, I love T. One of the great things
about the show is becoming friends with him. I went to
Newfoundland last year. I hung out with him, his buddies,
his old man. He's a special guy
and that interview, I think you got a good sense of that,
just talking about his daughter and how much it meant to him.
Very special story.
T.I., we love you, buddy.
Awesome story.
You kind of took over the hockey world this weekend, so awesome stuff.
He wasn't the only guy fighting this weekend, Biz.
Lots of spiciness going on in the NHL this weekend.
Oh, man, so much spice.
I mean, Sheldon Keefe pissed off.
His Maple Leafs blew a three-nut lead Saturday night.
As Jack Edwards would say, he had a little bee in his bonnet.
Talking about the Nylander-Tavares-Bertuzzi line.
Gee, want to roll that clip there?
I just thought putting our best people together and going best on best
gave us a chance to keep the puck away from those guys a little bit more.
Could help us at the same time kind of try to get more out of Willie
because Willie on his line was not good.
That line was not good for us at all tonight.
I don't know if they didn't have one good shift that I can remember.
So I had to get Willie away from that.
So all those things just kind of fit.
I mean, he benched the Vars in the third period.
He only had three shifts.
1503, the third lowest time of ice this season.
Bertuzzi, one shift in the third lowest time of ice this season Bertuzzi
one shift in the third biz you're the least fan and you panic or what well there's gotta be the
yeah they don't look very good right now they don't look confident the big dogs aren't rolling
like they were to start the year uh that was a bad that was a bad uh big dogs against the big
dogs game on hockey night in Canada where they just laid a complete egg.
And going back to the game before, I mean, hey, Matthews, though,
for the most part, he's been fucking buzzing.
33 goals on the season.
What else do you want from him?
What else?
Exactly.
You got your guy, Austin.
If he has, like, part of a night off, I can't really be fucking hounding him much.
But they were up 3-0.
The third line for the Leafs were going so good, thatomi line they were snapping it back they were getting off defensive zone they
were fucking sustained pressure they were in on the forecheck but overall the the big guys just
laid a complete egg more so Marner Tavares and fucking Bertuzzi just looks nothing he looks like
a shell of himself compared to what he was in bostinger in playoffs so i don't
know if he's the type of guy that's a second half player and he starts coming around but i agree with
everything that keith said in that presser where he's like i had finally had to get kneelander had
some shifts where he was dominant was he unbelievable no same with matthews i thought that
he had some shifts so to say that he had to get taveras and Bertuzzi away from Nylander, I thought the comments were fair.
Like, you talk about three shifts for Tavares,
only one for Bertuzzi in the third.
And I still think that based on some grimaces on JT's face,
and maybe Keith ended up clearing this up afterward,
it felt that maybe he got a little bit banged up,
and that was why he was maybe not playing as well.
On the Cogliano goal he does get beat off
the wall so I don't know if it was him just actually finally saying enough's enough you're
playing like a dog tonight and then they ended up going into Detroit and losing so that I don't mind
when a team's not necessarily playing that good midway through the year what I care about because
if you go back to last year like Vegas before the all-star break everybody had a million questions about whether they were even going to make playoffs. Like Jack Eichel was on a cold streak before the All-Star break hit. So if they can come back, get a little bit of fucking momentum and take it into the second half of the season, I want to see what they're doing ramping up here and i don't mind these fucking peepee whacks that sheldon keesman given him but a lot of people are barking if if if how long that he's going to kick around
i think 100 you give him till the end of the season you let him try to figure this out
and if at that point you're not getting the response from the lineup that you have
yeah maybe there's a time to look on in the offseason but no panic for me i don't give a
fuck if they ride him out i think that they're going to be just fine they're going to get some guys back healthy and especially with
goaltending coming around they'll figure it out i i couldn't believe the the press conference
because well i respected it right he's pissed off he's calling guys out but for him to say like
mccarr and mckinnon is a different NHL. And they deserved it. Which it is.
Those two and McDavid and a couple others,
we've talked about it before, they need another league.
But just like right in his big guy's faces to just say that,
it was eye-opening.
And I'm going to read you guys a list of teams.
All right, tell me quickly, very, very quickly,
even one word, what you think of these teams this season.
Chicago.
Oh, just like completely rebuilt.
San Jose.
Lottery.
Anaheim.
Lottery.
Good start.
Columbus.
Seven lotteries.
Very mid.
Ottawa.
Brutal.
Lottery.
Montreal.
Brutes. A lot ofies. Very mid. Ottawa. Brutal. Montreal. Brutes.
A lot of fire.
Minnesota.
They've started out like shit.
They got it.
They fired the coach, got a winning streak,
and now they're laying another egg.
Want to know why I listed those teams?
Some stupid stat.
I don't know.
Those are the only teams with less regulation wins
than the Toronto Maple Leafs.
This team is so average.
You know what?
I'm going to say it's a good team.
It's not even remotely close to a great Stanley Cup contending team.
I don't give a shit how good those four players are.
They have zero, zero chance of winning the Stanley Cup.
And you know it too, buddy, and I love you with all my heart.
You're one of my best friends, but deep down you know it,
and I think Leafs fans know it too.
And the problem with this team is if those big guys aren't humming,
they got no chance.
They got no chance whatsoever.
And they can beat some bad teams,
and those guys can have their three-point nights.
But, buddy, they play a legit NHL team, a Stanley Cup contender.
They play Colorado.
Smell you later, Toronto.
And I'm going to be the bigger man here,
just like I admitted on the other thing where I was wrong
and I changed my opinion on the all-star game format with the skills competition i i think that
uh i'm gonna be more optimistic in a few years and they got a lot of work to do if goaltending
can somehow figure itself out hey maybe you go on a little bit of a hot streak get some guys going
and but everything that you're saying i'm starting to see my my lenses are becoming a little bit more clear
you're you're a man of truth and honor it would have to be a team of destiny at this point to get
it done with the other pieces that they have around those guys i'm a little bit less delusional
but if some talent some some way that these guys can start creating magic much like the ace of
spades of the team they played the other night
then maybe there is a chance and the reason i say that is as far as colorado's concerned yes do i
think they have a little bit more depth well maybe not with now in the chushkin out who's got what
22 23 goals well he was tied for first in the league with power play goals all of a sudden
he's not in the lineup anymore maybe landis k got comes back but that top five guys you put on the ice that's what's end up it's got to win you a stanley
cup and to going back to the broadcast i've said as far as ace of spades you know the term ace of
spades did you guys used to use that in the locker room and the reason i basically it's when the
coach comes in he leads reads off the top line of your team with the top set of defense i would say the hardest the most hardcore ace of spades when you drop the nut of
taves macar and then that top line for the the abs right now there aren't many teams in the league
who have one even close to that and right now the only other team i could even think of is probably
vancouver where you put quinn hughes and ronick on the ice withto line. Like, I don't know if you saw the shift from the other night
they had against Buffalo, where they'll cook in the offensive zone
for like a minute and 15 seconds.
So that's really their only hope in hell of going on some type of run.
So my delusion, yes, Witt has backed off.
But look out in two and three years from now.
Okay, fair enough.
Fair enough.
Colorado, R.A., you could get into.
Nachuskin, obviously, he's entering the program.
That's something where we saw what happened,
or we don't really know what happened,
but he wasn't around for the playoffs last year.
Something went down in his personal life.
He comes flying back this season.
You're happy to see him.
He's a horse, a moose.
He flies around.
You can't move him in front.
Great hands.
An unreal player. And now he's back in the program. Or maybe it's his first, a moose. He flies around. You can't move him in front. Great hands. An unreal player.
And now he's back in the program.
Or maybe it's his first time in the program.
It's just shitty news for that team and for the guy.
We wish him the best.
But on the bright side, the picture of Landeskog on the ice in full gear.
And I think that their GM mentioned that there's a chance he could he say? There's a chance he could be ready for the playoffs?
Is that kind of how he worded it?
Possibility, he said to our buddy Frank Cervelli, yeah.
I mean, if he's able to a month out be like, I'm good to go,
and then you got the LTIR, you got the Kucherov set up,
and somehow hopefully, and granted, Natchewskins life,
that's a lot more things important, but if he can get healthy and get back,
and then all of a sudden you add Landeskog with no cap,
heads up, because they're going to add something.
We've heard Lindholm's name kind of thrown around.
I think Lindholm would be incredible on the Bruins,
but I think Colorado's in a great spot,
and I know this year we've talked about them
as kind of being up and down,
and McKinnon really has carried them.
I called them a one-trick pony, and I got a bit of criticism,
but if you go back to last year's playoff,
they were missing the Chushkin outside of they had nothing.
They were a one-trick pony, no?
That's all they had to keep doing was fucking putting that line out there
for anything against Seattle.
So Druin scored.
If he could get going, I think he's got 10 now,
but that's a guy they need to really get ripping.
I believe in the Avalanche, put it that way.
I consider them a true contender.
And obviously, can Georgiev go on a run and win a Stanley Cup?
I don't know.
But in terms of that top-end talent and how the team plays, I look at them as a legit threat to win it all.
And just the fact of, more than anything, land of scog being able to get healthy again dude
that guy's been through hell they won the stanley cup it's the peak of his career and all of a sudden
like the knee gives out and i mean there was there was times and rumors to that that kind of made it
sound like he was done and so somebody told me it's the same thing that uh that my thought went
through where all of a sudden it just wasn't aligned and there's
like a clicking and and you know as you start working out and start having activity it just
kind of falls back to that unalignment where it's just like buddy it's going to cause you these
sharp pains now he obviously went and got surgery on it to realign it so maybe it's kind of like
staying in its place and and working the way it should be so that would be a huge boost and then
and then even if they don't get Lindholm,
at least if Nachushkin's back and Landisgaard's there,
now all of a sudden you actually have a one-two punch.
You're not as vulnerable.
Yeah, I assume Landisgaard's going to do that sting from the rafters,
that gift feeling, the wrestling coming down out of nowhere.
And also, too, the Avs, they got a first-round pick this year,
next year, in in 2026,
second in 2026. They got some good prospects.
They got a lot of shit they can move around.
Also, the LTIR, Landerskog,
Lekken, and Fransuz comes to
13.5 mil, so they definitely have
a lot of room to make a move if they want to do that.
One more thing on the Leafs,
and I know you'll agree with me, Biz, because we've
chatted offline about this.
They got their first-rounder this year that they could trade.
They got their first rounder in 2026 that they could trade.
They do not have a first rounder in 2025 because they use that to bring over Jake McCabe, who looks great, Biz.
I kind of, I'll admit, hey, mea culpa.
I was down on that guy.
He's a physical force.
He's a number four.
You know who else they got in that deal?
Fucking Lafferty. And they let Lafferty go. And look what he's doing physical force I like him he's a number four you know who else they got in that deal fucking Lafferty and they let Lafferty go
and look what he's doing
for Vancouver
you're telling me
Lafferty couldn't help
that freaking forward unit
that's the one that got away
right there
and it's like
Jesus Christ
I don't know what
they were looking at
you needed a bulldog
you needed a bulldog
especially after losing
bunting
you needed somebody else
to be able to mix it up
I thought that Benoit kid
who's been called up
that defenseman's adding
some snarl to their lineup, but
having a guy up front playing the way
that Lafferty's playing, and I think he's
making just over a million bucks.
Come on here.
That's a fumble fuck if I ever saw
one.
A little further to the east, Saturday night, the
Habs, you got a little tweet action going.
They're booing McDavid. Apparently
the Habs, they claim that they boo guys out of respect.
It sounds like the biggest bullshit thing ever.
You got some heat on life for that, Whit Dog.
A little Twitter battle Saturday?
Well, they gave it to Bedard early in the season.
And once again, it was a badge of honor.
But is it?
So yeah, they do that.
They've always kind of booed the best players,
which basically my tweet was...
I got to pull it up because i don't remember
exactly what i said now of course the oilers win again 10 in a row 10 in a row baby the fact that
the edmonton oilers never had won 10 games in a row they had years with gretzky i think they won
57 games i know but somebody somebody on the panel got a funny text it's like yeah but they never saw
a party they didn't like.
Yeah, they were going.
So I need to say, oh, we got seven in a row.
Ah, we could take one off, eh?
Have a couple pops.
So I wrote, I wrote, all these moron Canadian fans booing McJesus.
Here's the game-winning assist right in your face.
Okay, so I was more just like, yeah, you're booing him,
and he just made a nice dish.
I mean, it wasn't his best assist ever.
By the way, this Bouchard is having a season and a half.
I think he's the second Oilers defenseman ever
to get 40 points before his 40th game played of the season.
I believe Coffey did it numerous times.
But Evan Bouchard shot one of the biggest weapons in the league.
And I'm just kind of fucking around a little bit.
And this person, the Caden Lindstrom fan club,
wrote back a tweet of mine from December 15, 2015.
I don't know what I was responding to
because there's a tweet that was deleted or something.
I said, don't need to.
Fans have every right to boo whoever they want.
I would never do it, but they are all paying customers
so so i brought the receipts yeah he brought the receipts but but but i'm not saying i'm not i
wasn't saying in my original tweet like they like they can't boo right like i'm saying they're
they're booing them and he just got an assist right in your face so it was more about the fact
that like he just made you look like fools and i do believe all these Canadiens fans coming at me in my mentions.
I saw a Canadiens blog or type podcast has a guy that's out talking about it.
We boo out of respect.
I totally understand what they're coming from.
But when the guy you're booing gets the game-winning assist,
you can laugh at them a little bit at their own expense, which is what I did.
So in the end, it's just the Oilers winning 10 in a row.
It's the Oilers being the best team in the league since I quit.
Have I missed a game?
I won't say.
No.
But do I tweet about them anymore?
No, I don't.
And believe me, I want to come back.
I've been in discussions.
I mean, I got the Oilers CEO, Jeff Jackson, reaching out on Twitter.
Whit, come on back.
Once an Oiler, always an Oiler.
BTO.
And now, I can't hop on right now because God knows they'll lose the next game.
I think you should dip your toe in.
I can't come back until they lose three games in a row where then maybe I come back and get a little good love that they win.
That's how you reverse the spell?
I don't know what to do.
But in the end end even if i'm
not welcome back and i think i think your tweet biz that you sent out it was a high percentage
of people we don't want them back and i still get a lot of that noise but i think overall i think
overall there's a lot of oilers fans who would welcome me back and and i'll pay the piper and
if it happens i'll have a written apology are you logging logging on those same accounts that I was to the hockey fights thing?
I'll be at the Apple store.
I might even have a ghostwriter.
I might need a ghostwriter for this apology and a request to come back.
But what a team.
What an absolute run they've been on.
And the craziest part is, obviously, McDavid turned into McJesus again.
Everyone knew that was going to happen.
Leon, he's great he's over a point per game but it's not the last guy says they take him back with
open arms and now he's you're criticizing their second guy no i'm just saying that the fact that
they're on this 18 and 319 and 3-1 or whatever and he hasn't dominated like the last five years
leon i think he's got 45 points at 39 games.
Elite level player.
One of the best players in the world.
But do you know what I'm saying?
I mean, this is a 110, 115-point guy.
As an Oilers fan, you have to be happy with finally McLeod and Fogle.
I know McLeod wasn't in the lineup the other night.
He was sick.
Leon said he had the Montreal flu.
I don't know if they actually did.
The Chaparri.
Yeah, the old Chaparri flu.
The Chaparri STD.
The old Dick Calde.
I think that this team is just firing on all cylinders.
Skinners looked great in a couple of these wins.
Evander Kane getting the ex-wife kicked out of the game
in Detroit was one of the funniest.
Cuckoo, Locke.
Cuckoo.
I mean, just the fact that he had to be like,
dude, I got a restraining order from this lunatic
that's six feet away from me.
Slapped on the glass.
An all-time classic.
An all-time classic right there.
Gives it to the goal judge guy.
Hey, can you pass this back a row?
Dude, I mean, hey, McLeod skates like the wind,
dude.
He's gotta be one of the best.
So he's just looked awesome.
It's just,
everything's coming together.
Um,
on and off the ice,
on and off the ice.
And,
and I,
I just,
I miss him and I love seeing,
and like I said,
when I quit,
I,
I always root for him and I love seeing it.
It just really sucks to not be like very vocal on Twitter.
There's each and every win. There's quite a few
streaks going on right now. I think Seattle, as
we speak, is... They lost today.
Oh, they lost today. Crosby, two more
goals.
It's crazy. But Joey Decord,
man. I mean, granted, he had that run
before he came on our show, but since the show
he was even better in three straight wins.
So happy for that kid.
3-0 since the last show.
A 9-3-8 save percentage. 2-3-3
goals against. Great story. They won
9-0 in business. Just going back, I'm sorry, going back
to Edmonton. McDavid, 10-game point streak.
He's got 16 points during that.
And you mentioned Skinner, 7-0 during this latest
streak as well.
Fucking dynamite stuff. Also, guys, would you
not say that, and I
know I just said leon hasn't been
superstar leon still amazing i think him and hyman might be two of the top five contracts in the
league oh yeah hyman's for i was gonna get 50 goals he's make what's he making five he he's
making five seven i believe it's crazy that they got him on that deal. And obviously, McDavid has a ton to do with it.
But Leon makes 8, 8.5.
These are contracts, dude.
Hyman's feel and touch is getting better, too.
So year over year, he's just tucking more Geno.
So that's an incredible contract.
There was one other thing.
Oh, and as crazy as a run that McDavid's been on
and how well he's playing, can we not...
Oh, I couldn't believe you told me this.
Couldn't believe it. So McKinnon's that? Well's that well yeah i mean this is going back before we did hockey
night in canada so there was points since then for mcdavid assist i think mckinnon had at least
one and one but before that game in the last calendar year he's got seven more points than
mcdavid he leads the way with 144 points since last jan 1st. This year, he's leading the whole league in five-on-five points.
He's the MVP right now.
He's second in five-on-five goals.
Every time you watch him, that shift against the Leafs.
Oh, my God.
He was working their top dogs down low below the goal line,
throwing the weight around and knocking Matthews off the puck here like we're not talking about small guys either he was gassed minute into a shift and then
he goes all the way down the ice and then just watches the d-men slide into the corner pumps
the brakes and then zips it by and it's just he even talked about after the game he was surprised
that he had that much energy at the end of his shift but from what i'm hearing and after talking to elliot freeman they just had them on their podcast after every game he rides
the bike 25 minutes gelio style like 25 minutes you just lug 25 in the game being the best player
in the world here's another one for you talk about electricity and the speed bursts and the speed
game i know i've chirped the analytics and all that junk before but here's another one to back it up twice as many speed bursts above 22 miles per hour than conor mcdavid
so far this year he's he's covered the most ice in the entire nhl uh nathan mckinnon so as far as
like any type of analytics you want to look at any type of got it all i test defensive game the way
he can play the 200 foot game the way he
can fucking dished up he makes plays sometimes like his teammates aren't even ready for the puck
yeah they're just like how the fuck did you even see that lane and going back to even when you play
with sid and we can go into him if you want didn't sometimes he would make plays where you would be
like oh and he'd be like hey buddy be ready for that he would see lanes that other guys weren't even seeing and then sometimes he'd be like
dude you see me there I'm like
buddy I don't know
I think you're the only
person that sees that
I'm still waking up from my
he's like army sauce it through
the guy's legs he's like
he's like dude I'm trying to take someone's head off
that's all I got
give me a power bar I'm trying to take someone's head off. That's all I got. All right, give me a power bar. I'm trying to get through this Ambien from last night.
Oh, shit.
Shut up, Sid.
You're trying to do that.
Holy shit.
I had McDonald's for pregame, Sid.
Lay off me.
We bump back these morning skates.
Jesus Christ.
There's another guy maybe sprinkling a little spice.
Jeremy Swayman, I mentioned a few minutes ago.
He was voted to the All-Star roster.
He was asked about it, and he said,
after dealing with what I did this summer with arbitration,
hearing things that a player should never hear,
it feels pretty special to be in the situation.
Now, I don't know if he was trying to stir the pot
or just answering a question honestly,
but he did opt for arbitration last summer.
It was awarded 3.475 million.
The B's opted for a one-year deal.
He's going to be RFA again next season.
I know B's had a little cap crunch,
but did you think there was a little more to this biz?
Or just, you know, again, answering the question honestly.
Hey, we all know you don't want to go to Arb, right?
Hey, Sway Dog, you ain't the first,
and you ain't going to be the last.
I would do anything to stay out of there.
Anything.
I'd take league minimum after getting 59 points to not go in arbitration.
You're pale.
Your ears are big.
You got bad breath.
You suck at hockey.
Get me out of this room.
Miserable.
Get me out of this room.
You got the CBASH treatment.
Small cock, bad breath.
Boys don't like you.
We're going to ship you to the worst city you've ever seen in your life.
What's the worst thing you guys heard the guys have
been told in arbitration?
I don't remember anything exact biz.
They have to sign a waiver before they
get out. You can't talk about it
publicly. I've actually never
really asked anyone because I don't want
them to have to call their therapist right after.
I don't want to cause a PTSD
meltdown. You're basically a prisoner of war
if you go into arbitration with these guys.
Oh, God, boy.
Especially the Boston Bruins organization, man.
Those guys do not mess around.
But you know what?
Swayman has played incredible.
They got to lock him up long term.
I don't know how that's going to be possible.
And he goes out today and shuts out the New Jersey Devils.
He was fantastic.
And it's just an amazing one-two combo.
I read that Allmark wasn't that many votes away
from joining them in the All-Star game.
They almost had both of them up there, which definitely,
well, I'm saying definitely as I ask you the question,
that probably hasn't happened before, no?
Two goalies from one team in the All-Star game?
No.
There's no way.
No.
I don't know.
It would shock me if it has happened.
Let's sit here for 15 minutes.
You mentioned you don't know how it's going to happen
though that they sign him to an extension. I think next
season they have a ton of money coming off the books.
I think it'll be pretty simple to get a deal done.
Okay, there you go. I don't know.
I don't know about that.
I'm hearing that
El Capitan
might be making a comeback.
This is ultimate rumor, boys.
Ultimate rumor, boys.
But apparently Bergeron's been skating around here a little bit.
Now, then we get word he skates a little bit just to stay fresh for the alumni games.
Which I didn't believe.
Which that's a little like, like you know you're probably 20 years
younger than most of the guys playing in the alumni games but he he's a professional he's a
workhorse so maybe he is but if patrice bergeron's out there skating around looking at maybe a
february comeback can you imagine the bruins fans already be over there wearing his B's diaper. I'm choosing to believe it.
Smoking his bong.
I want to see video of what he's doing at these practices to stay, in quotes, in shape for these alumni games.
Give me a fucking break.
He's probably working on his wrister from the slot right now.
He's working on the bumper position on that power play.
He's snapping back face-offs.
Now, R.A., was it were Merle's who didn't want him
to come back in the lineup when they did come
back and then lost three straight to the Panthers.
Definitely was not me,
so it was probably Merle's. I pitched about the
goaltenders more than anything.
That kid DMed me the same
thing as well, and I kind of asked him. I was like, well,
is he just skating, or what's going on?
He wasn't fully committed.
That Burge run is committed to a comeback, so you can run with it the room boy style i'm
shocked i'd be shocked too yeah he doesn't say he's the type of guy who would retire and then
come back you know i'm saying it's speculation but i'm choosing to believe the speculation i'm
not saying it's true that's where i'm putting my foot down all righty drew dowdy uh no it doesn't
tweet too often biz but uh was, let's see,
West Coast Hockey Bias at Marcel
and Rogie tweeted, if you really
want to play Clark and Spence every game,
you need to trade Roy. It's not
out of the question, considering we'll lose him for nothing
and we could probably get a first from him.
Before you're trading your best D over the past five years
to see if a rookie is good, it better work.
Drew Doughty just wrote, ha.
Just like,'s hardly ever
tweets just like ha like like laughing at it i don't know if he meant like ha like if this guy's
the best defenseman or what the person said what was your no he's laughing at the person's comment
because roy is is just he's a wet blanket he's an incredible defensive defenseman he covers a lot of
ice he's reliable he's saying absolutely not we're. We're not going to get rid of our hardest working,
most underrated defenseman.
That you could also throw Anderson in the mix on that one,
but no.
I mean, Dersi was there before.
Last year, Drew Doughty had 52 points
and averaged 26 minutes a game.
I'm sorry.
Roy has not been their best defense the past few years. Nice
player. I think that Doughty was
laughing at the entire tweet. Laughing
at the fact that they call them their best D-man.
Laughing at the fact that they say they got to
trade him. It was just a nice
H-A-HA comeback
for a guy who doesn't tweet.
We got to get him on the show one of these days. Is he one of these guys
that's going to be after you guys? He's going to do a sandbagger.
I don't know if he'll come on the show.
Yeah, he's going to come on when he's done.
He lets it fly.
He doesn't want to come on and not let it fly.
But we can get a sandbagger while he's still currently playing.
That's what he says, but then he goes dark.
Anytime we come around their area, all of a sudden,
Because he's at that bar he drinks at in Manhattan Beach, probably,
in that little hole in the wall.
Send a tweet.
We're reading the blogs.
Have you ever seen what Pavel Buchnevich did the other night he scores an
empty netter then he like smashes a
stick off the glass his blade goes in the
audience hits a girl he ends up having to give her a stick
after the game takes a pitch with her but have you ever
seen anything like that with like
a guy stealing a game and then you
take the monkey off the back some guys just like
to create a little violence okay
is that what it was
it reminded me of a time that
um in pittsburgh we won a game i want to say five one five two could have been five nothing we
smoked the leafs and malkin had five assists he was dominant do you guys remember malkin at the
at the peak of his powers holy shit shit. I'll never forget it.
And so five apples.
And we come in the locker room.
I've told this on Chicklets before.
And I hear like a rumbling in the bathroom, in the shower.
And Gino is in there, tomahawk chopping, smashing his stick into about 400 pieces.
Balet, suka, balet, balet.
Screaming Russian.
And I'm like, Sergei Gonch, what's Sergey Gonch?
What's Gino so mad about?
He's pissed off he didn't score.
So, you know, players express themselves in different ways.
And you can get five assists in an NHL game and dominate for 60 minutes the way he did and still be upset.
Maybe Bukhnevitz had a chance earlier in the game and then he's looking at this would have been two goals.
Maybe he's just been frustrated with the season.
Who knows?
These Russians, they're wild.
They're cuckoo.
They're crazy.
The wires cross.
So to each his own in terms of breaking a stick
after you seal a big win against the New York Rangers,
who suck now again.
Yeah.
Like the Rangers are not very good right now.
They beat the Capitals on Sunday in a big game
on a home-and-home, but the Rangers,
eh, biz, possibly
Fugazi status again.
Not quite there. Very good start.
Just getting some guys back. Not quite there.
I'm going to be a kind
biz in today's pod.
Yeah, you're so level-headed today. It's amazing.
Yeah.
Amazing what a trip home will do.
I was just going to say, there were some activities this weekend that probably cleared the mind.
Yeah, we can't talk about those anymore.
I know, I know, I know.
All right, boys.
Last week when we were recording, the trade broke between Jamie Drysdale, Cutta Gauthier.
I'm sorry.
G jumped in to tell us what was going on.
A whole bunch of shit went on after that.
This guy, Anthony.
Well, first, sorry.
Excuse me.
Mea culpe denny gothier is not gutter gothier's father yeah we'll start there i i i might have just seen
gothier just uh and assumed and he was a former flyer and you assume that this guy's got family
hockey pedigree hey honest mistake honest mistake. Thank you, Biz.
Thank you.
Just wanted to get ahead of that one.
Yeah, kind of crazy shit.
We talked about the trade briefly last week,
but all kinds of stuff going on.
Well, it had just broken.
All right, we knew absolutely nothing.
And then since that moment,
it just got fucking crazier and crazier.
We had Breer talking.
We had Jonesy talking.
Hartnell was on the local TV station with the worst haircut I have ever seen.
And of course, we had to get him on and not only talk about it, but also like Torts talking
about the hazy situation.
Like when I say that this got crazy, it got fucking crazy.
Even I was throwing out fake Torts quotes.
That's how silly it got.
So let's bring on Hartnell to talk about all and
and also his experience with torts as a coach and a lot of things going on flyers right now so it's
not just about the goche stuff which was crazy it's everything flyers and what they've been
accomplishing uh they're back in the hockey news folks over to hearts all right before we go any
further here's a few words from our friends at Sport Clips.
Hey, gang, I had a big event this weekend.
A couple of friends of mine turned 50.
We had a little surprise party for them.
I had to look nice and spiffy.
Boom, I went to Sport Clips.
Because, you know, your hair may grow fast, but after going to Sport Clips Haircuts,
you wish it grew even faster.
They do an unreal job.
That's because Sport Clips has the best seats in here.
And that may or may not be because they happen to be right in front of TVs playing sports all day every day, a little hockey, football,
whatever. And we know that watching sports while getting a haircut sure beats watching your
reflection getting a haircut. That's you and your me. Which is why at Sport Clips, every day is
Clippers and Curveballs, High Tops and Hail Marys, and even Waves and Wickets.
If you're into that kind of thing.
At Sport Clips, you can check in with the pros and mens here and totally check out with pure, uninterrupted relaxation.
So yeah, come watch an endless stream of sports on TV while getting an awesome haircut.
Because if you get to go meet your friends on a Saturday night, you'll want to look fresh.
Sport Clips, it's a game changer.
All right, it's been a minute since we've had this character on the show.
He was Nashville's sixth overall pick of the 2000 draft,
and he went on to play 1,348 regular season and playoff games
over 17 NHL seasons with the Preds, Flyers, and Blue Jackets.
These days, you can catch him analyzing Flyers games,
and it's a pleasure to welcome to the Spitting Chickens podcast once again,
Scotty Hotnell.
How you been, brother?
Good.
What a great introduction.
I love it.
Nothing about his salad?
Nothing about his hair, R.A.?
Well, I was leaving a few bits.
I know.
Oh, my God.
You have more in the back?
It's a mohawk?
It is a frohawk, i call it did you trim it since
the last one it looked a little bushy last time well i wouldn't drive it gets a lot of volume up
top so i had a nice little executive workout this morning a little hot tub a little sauna a little
cold plunge and uh and then that little shower to end and waiting for you guys so i love the
executive workout like no exercise right just just totally
just sit yep you got 15 minutes in the hot tub 15 minutes in the sauna uh five minutes in the
cold plunge and then uh wait till the body kind of regulates and then a little shower and wait
for you guys to call hey how much of those cold plunges popped off we were doing those back in
the heyday in those iron tubs and now all of a sudden they're selling these 15,000 marble cold tubs.
Hey, that was a market that we missed.
Mine wasn't 15,000 that take off a couple of zeros, but it's actually, I don't know.
I'm on a few, well, since January 3rd, I got home.
So I got about 10 or 11 day streak of going in there for about three minutes.
And it feels good to wake up in the morning, have a coffee, pop in there.
I did it after the executive workout today.
But, yeah, it's different.
Everyone's  not everyone, but a lot of people are jumping on board,
jumping on the bandwagon.
I'm on board, and I do it too.
I really like it.
Now, I don't know if it's mental or it's  but I feel way better doing them.
But I think there's arguments that it's totally mental.
But I don't know, man, because I get out of there, I'm not nearly as sore.
My inflammation is down.
Look, I'll tell you right now, I could slide my wedding ring right off when I get out of the thing.
I'm like, all right, my swelling is down.
So I'm with you here.
I'm with you.
That's not the bottle of Pink Whitney
the night before?
No, because after that one, the wedding ring
stuck on there. It can't even move a millimeter.
I think
the cold plunge life is
for me and I guess Harty as well.
Are you doing the cold plunges?
No, not at all.
If I had the ability to,
maybe I would, but no.
His wife dunks his head in cold water to sober him up. He's into the infrared
bong hits is what he's into.
It is mental.
That's funny.
When you do go in there, it's all mental.
You get in there and you're just like,
it's cold. Obviously, it freaks you out.
My wife went in there the other day to try
and she dipped her pinky toe in there and started screaming.
She's like, I can never do this.
It's crazy, but it's all mental.
Mental game.
Well, they say that because it's so cold, it can burn fat cells a lot faster and in a way that you can't even when exercising.
So that's another component.
So I don't know how many LBs you put on since you retired.
So that's got to be helping for that.
I put on 20 last summer, actually.
I came out of the summer at the beach.
I was 235, and I probably played around 215, 220,
so it was a solid 20 pounds.
I was like, fuck, I've got to get my life in order here.
What can I do to cheat the system?
I don't want to work out.
I've got to find something else.
Oh, there's a Weasel fan down the Jersey Shore like,
hey, you look like Scott Hartnell, the guy that used to play for the Flyers.
Yeah, that's me.
It's been a rough go.
Yeah, it was.
It was just right in my gut too.
It's tough when you start drinking at like 1030 because you're on the beach,
you know, looking after your kids.
You're just grinding, just sunburned.
I'm like, oh, my God, this is painful.
Well, that's a good way to start is after summer I mean obviously
we got you on partly to talk about this cutter go chase situation but yeah coming into this
training camp like what did you see from this Flyers team did you have any expectations that
they would be having the success that they're having right now I personally did uh really
I did I I I don't think I actually put it on the record but uh the way i
looked at it it's it's you know torts had a season with the guys you know kind of you know kind of
cleaned up the room a little bit and uh everyone was there about three to four weeks before training
camp started and they were doing baggers they were you know battle drills uh cam atkinson was
feeling good sean couturier was was looking great out there. And I'm like, well, yeah,
those two guys, you know, maybe 20 goals a piece, you know, 40, 50 points,
whatever it is, how,
how solid Couturier has been in these first 41 games that he's played.
And everyone's talking about the defense and, you know,
how they're going to let in goals. Carter Hart's number one,
Sam Harrison's been legit. And I'm like, I don't think they're going to be third last.
Like everyone's picking them, right?
I think they're going to be competitive.
And man, they've done everything, you know, everything and more, right?
I think they've kind of exceeded everyone's expectations.
One of the biggest surprises in the league.
But I just love the way their attitude, how they block shots,
how they play the tortoise style of hockey.
They're very structured.
I just love the way that they come out and battle.
They've been blown out maybe once by LA Kings at home, 5-0.
And then other than that, they've been in almost every game.
What have you heard about how Sanheim handled the summer?
Because this guy is just popping off this year.
He's got all this skill.
He's enormous.
But, I mean, they called him and said, hey, you're traded if Torrey Cook is willing to come.
So, I don't know if you've talked to him or any of the guys.
There had to be a moment where he was kind of rattled and disappointed,
but he hasn't showed it at all this season.
No, it's amazing.
And Tortorella, I hated him as a coach kind of when I went with him,
but afterwards I was like, man, I wish I would have had this guy when I was, you know, 18, 19,
20 years old. Cause he teaches you mentally how to, how to play the game,
how to be a pro everything you need to do to take your career to the next
level. Right. And, and for Sandy, I think they,
they kind of butted heads last year a little bit towards, you know,
said maybe you're not my guy, blah, blah, blah. Right.
So they orchestrate this trade. Krug says no.
And those are some of the best, not best trades that don't go through to help
your team. Right. So, uh, Sandy put on about 20 pounds.
He's flying the first 30 games, uh, playing 26 minutes a night.
Now he's down to about 20s off the power play, but he's just been, uh,
you know, amazing kind of, uh, kind of leader. Uh, he's just been an amazing kind of leader.
He's just kind of taken charge of that back end,
and now you add Jamie Drysdale, too, to it.
You've got two horses back there.
That was a pretty cool moment when they gave him the standing O.
Apparently, they brought his folks in, too,
just really trying to get him acclimated as quick as possible.
Obviously, the fan base felt a different way about the other guy
going the other way.
Yeah, well, Jamie Drysdale, I didn't know that the Flyers did that.
I found that halfway through the broadcast that they flew him in,
flew his parents in, and just to say hello.
The whirlwind 48 hours when he got traded, coming in at 545 for practice,
playing the game the next night
and I'm like what a what a classy move by Danny Breer to bring the family in like you don't really
see that on any not many other organizations and you know that's kind of where the Flyers have been
the last couple years right since Dan Hilferty took over they got Keith Jones in there who's
an absolute beauty Danny Breer is a little sneaky little bugger. He's going to try and bend you over on some trades and all that kind of stuff.
So they've really, really kind of went from kind of mediocre to like top, top shelf.
Just to quickly hop on that, like just from like talking to maybe some past alumni and maybe with the ownership group,
it seems like there was a bit of a disconnect where part of the reason of bringing these guys in like jonesy briere the list goes on i think sharpie uh leclerc's back in the
mix yeah like the to kind of re-establish that flyers culture because i believe when you were
playing there it was like a family like even the alumni it was just this big extended family where
people would show up to the rink, they would see all these old veterans,
and the fans would feel like they were a part of it too.
Yeah, Mr. Snyder was incredible, God rest his soul, right?
He was in the locker room after big wins, in the playoffs,
he was always there with us on the road, at home,
and just an incredible, passionate human being
that changed the scenery of Philadelphia, right?
He brings in uh the flyers
and and just kind of grows the passion for this fan base and when he passed away went 100 to
compcast it kind of it was more corporate then right you're just kind of dollars and cents and
bottom line and you know taking away the company cards for for you know coaches or whatever right
i know and you know next thing you know it kind of got so opposite of what mr
snyder wanted to live on right uh you bring in dan hilferty uh who's a huge flyers fan and uh
just has the breath and the uh heartbeat of philadelphia right uh you bring in jonesy and
how secret that was like they've been unbelievable i'm just keeping things under wraps right no one
knew it was going to be keith jones his name was hardly even out there for president he gets in there
danny b uh danny b gets uh the interim tag taken off his gm thing and then they just start rolling
and and making this thing a family and and also john tortorella he's been amazing kind of
just reshaping the the style of play that these guys are playing. And they bought in, and they're having a heck of a fun time.
Don't you think that  I mentioned this last week or a couple weeks ago
that Torts is perfect for a team with no expectations, right?
Like if he was coaching the Avs this year,
it's probably harder for him to get his message across
when guys are believing, listen, we're better than everyone.
I just feel like this team, when everyone's like, hey, lottery team,
he probably just thrives with that.
It's so funny.
He sets the bar so low, right?
He's like, oh, we're just going to be grinding away.
It's a rebuild, and next thing you know,
they're fighting for a playoff spot,
and he looks good in that, right?
So he's no dummy in that respect.
I don't know if he does that on purpose or not,
but I'm just like, that's the smart way to coach. I don't know if he does that on purpose or not, but, you know,
I'm just like, that's the smart way to coach.
Set the bar real low.
But, you know, those guys have, you know, speaking of bars,
but they just have a standard, right?
This is what we got to do.
This is how we work every day.
You know, I've watched a bunch of practices and stuff,
and they grind and they battle and they just, they fight.
And that correlates to, you know to kind of getting together as a team,
and Torres loves when they go out on the road too,
so they've had a couple long road trips where they're mixing it up off the ice
and then just having a hell of a time.
What have you heard about maybe Carter Hart's mental game right now?
I mean, obviously things have turned around for him a little bit,
probably a big summer, but has there been any
sort of one-on-one coaching dealt
with him? Has Breer talked to him? I don't know if you've
heard anything in terms of his rebound.
Kim Dillable,
the Flyers goaltending coach,
he's been unbelievable, even with Sam Harrison
as well. For Hartsey,
I think it's a contract year. It could be
an extension looming for him.
It seems like a lot of guys can hit it right when they've got to ink the paper, right?
I love to see it.
And he's just been a huge, huge part of their success as well, right?
They've been getting hammered at games.
And he's standing on his head next thing you know, they're winning a shootout.
Where last year, they couldn't buy a shootout win.
So it's been pretty incredible.
He was solid the last couple of years,
but he's taken his game to another level.
Scotty, by the way, I love the Fletch t-shirt you're wearing.
I know my co-hosts probably don't get it, but good stuff right there.
What is it? Explain it.
Great movie.
Oh, the movie Fletch with Chevy Chase.
What was it, 82, 83?
I've heard of Chevy Chase.
That's a classic.
Oh, yeah. Absolute classic.
Yeah, put it on the underhills.
He's at the private club, and he's like, yeah, put it on the Underhill account
And he just racks up Dom Perignon
Back in the 80s
Here we go, Fuego
Kind of like the old credit card with the flyers
Yes, exactly
Cam Cost
What's the network called?
Cam Cost
What's the name of it?
Help me out for fuck's sake.
Comcast.
Comcast.
Yeah, idiot.
Hey, Witt, are you in your basement right now?
Yeah, better than your hair.
I'm right off the basement, buddy.
He doesn't have a scuba gear on.
What happened?
Where are you living?
We basically have a...
Hartnell could have used some of that moisture in a salad the other night on air.
Seriously, Scott, when you sat down to chat, was it a barber or a stylist?
And what do you say with that?
Oh, I got some tough ones, some tough fades.
What channel are you on?
NTN?
Yeah, NTN.
Help me out, guys.
Cam Cost.
Cam Cost.
They might change the name. Fucking rebranded after they fucking almost
lost the culture of the flyers wake the fuck up corporate so with with cutter gothier this whole
situation just a wild story perfect for a podcast like this but had you already been told or had you
heard the rumors about him not wanting to sign i mean everything was kept very quiet which was
kind of important briere and j Jonesy made point of that.
We're very happy other teams didn't leak this info.
But had you heard it personally?
Was it rumbling around the organization?
Yeah, we knew from probably last summer
that he just said no talks.
His agent, Kurt Overcharge or Overheart,
whatever his name is,
he just said, don't go see this guy don't
watch him play don't reach out uh like he's done with you guys and they put a restraining order on
them yeah basically uh and you know they set up sharpie and john leclerc one of the most decorated
u.s hockey players everything john leclerc and and this young punk is saying no i don't want to
talk to you like have a little bit of respect, right, in the game of hockey,
of your elders and stuff like that.
And then, yeah, I think it maybe stemmed from before he went
to world championships, he wanted to sign there.
And Danny B said, hey, listen, I just got the job.
You know, the intern tag was off.
And he said, well, if I sign you, there's no guarantee that you're going to be on the team.
You have to earn it, right?
We're not going to give you a spot in first line left wing.
You got to earn the spot.
And if you don't earn it, you're going to go to Lehigh Valley in the minors and, you know, develop there.
So we think maybe you should go back to college.
And I don't know if he just got butt hurt by maybe that conversation and, and just kind of took it the wrong way and just said,
I'm not going to talk to you, but I don't know. I can't,
I can't imagine like my growing up, my, you know,
just my values and the person that I am saying, I don't want to,
I don't want to play for that hockey club because they said I can't be on the
team or guaranteed a spot, right.
Where every team he's probably went is rolled out the red carpet for
pedagogic and, and, and the flyers didn't, they wanted him to earn it. on the team or guaranteed a spot, right? Wherever team he's probably went is rolled out the red carpet for Pettigoatier.
And the Flyers didn't.
They wanted him to earn it.
And I think he just kind of took that the wrong way.
So this had nothing to do with maybe even going back
to last year about potentially burning a year off his contract?
Because you try to think about what things
could have built up to this situation.
And then he mentioned something about development camp
right after the draft.
He hasn't made it clear in terms of what happened,
but he said several things happened that soured me.
So it's like you just wish you could find out what they are
because I'm sure even Breer is like,
I don't know what he's talking about.
Well, something also soured him to the point
where he didn't go to that like little rookie or a
camp right there's like a development last summer yeah that you're allowed to go to because when
you're a college player and you haven't signed you can't go to actual training camp because that's
the rule right is it still the rule wit yeah so they have this like this this all the prospects
get together where they are allowed to go and get that paid for so he he he bypassed that he didn't
want to go so was there something before that that had he, he bypassed that. He didn't want to go.
So was there something before that, that had happened as a result as to why he didn't want
to go?
I just think that it was Dan Hilferty that came, got the job as the CEO, right?
He hired Keith Jones and then Danny B that, that all happened right when his school was
done.
Right.
I think, uh, in middle of March.
And so he could have came up and played eight, ten games.
But I don't think Danny wanted to burn that year and, you know,
kind of have him next year because next year you have to earn your spot.
And I think there was kind of a little disconnect there.
He goes to world championships,
and then you fast forward all the way to world juniors, right?
And they didn't even have a chance.
Danny B., Keith Jones didn't have a
chance to kind of give him a pitch of how the organizers changed from a year ago a year and a
half ago or two years three years ago and what they think of them right like in like their opinion on
them yeah he's a heck of a player he's got a great shot he's going to be a game changer in the NHL
right for years and years to come uh you know I've seen him play watch his highlights he's going to be a game changer in the NHL, right? For years and years to come. You know, I've seen him play, watched his highlights.
He's an absolute stud.
But to not have the respect just to hear somebody out or talk to somebody,
this is what I'm feeling, you know, I don't think it's going to move on.
You can respect that.
Right now, I'm just like, I can't.
I remember when I was 18 years old playing in the NHL, and I'm like,
oh, my neck was so bad.
It was middle of the year year getting ready for a game.
Like,
Hey trainer,
can you give me a little rub on the neck?
And,
and I was on the massage table and,
you know,
Cliff running and those guys come in.
What,
what the hell are you doing on the table?
And they're like,
get off the table.
You're 18 years old.
So,
so anyways,
I'm like,
Oh shit,
my next kind of bad,
but whatever,
you know,
I'll just battle it out.
So the next like three, four days, when, as soon as I went to the training room
just to say hi to the trainers, good morning,
everyone hopped up the tables.
Heartsy, have my table.
Heartsy, have my table.
And I was like, guys, this is getting old.
This is like four days after.
Oh, no.
I can't turn left, guys.
I don't know what to do.
It's amazing how times have changed, eh?
They're like, go to massage, Envy.
Stay off the fucking table.
Go to Thai Royal. Stay off the fucking table.
Go to Thai Royal.
Get a tug, too.
I swear to God, I didn't go on the table until I was like maybe my next contract, like year four.
I didn't want that abuse again, right?
So now guys are picking where they want to play before they sign a contract, before they play one NHL game, right?
They're like, I don't feel like going there.
So it's a little bit different.
Just also to dumb it down for people who don't know what we're talking about, about burning
the years, sometimes college kids who have the leverage after they're done their first
college season where they've already been drafted, they want to sign right away and
then they want to play maybe eight to 10 games to finish off the year.
And then that way you only have two more years on your entry level contract as opposed to
the three full years where you can quickly get to restricted free agency, which, you know, in some cases, if you're, you're an okay player, you get this bridge deal.
But if you pop off for a couple of years nowadays, they're handing out these eight times eights like they're fucking candy now.
They're kidding.
Oh, you put up 40 points.
Fuck.
Here's an eight times eight.
Oh, fuck it.
Oh, you're half a year in the minors. Ah, fuck it. Here's an eight times eight. It's crazy. here's an eight times eight oh fuck it oh you're half year in the minors
ah fuck it who here's an eight times eight it's crazy how much you get an eight times eight
the oprah show so and and once again like we're not saying that that's the case but you have to
speculate like in this short period of time what could have aggravated this kid enough to pull this off. Because you might see this going back with first overall picks.
You mentioned the Eric Lindros situation.
And what people said to me was all the Flyers fans' arguments
were, well, Lindros told Quebec before the draft,
do not draft me.
And Carter Gauthier told the Flyers,
yeah, I could see myself as a Philadelphia Flyer.
Okay, there is a difference there, no doubt. Now, to play devil's advocate,
a player used his leverage here, okay? A player was able to use his leverage. He's a high-end
player. He knew other teams would want him, and he did. And there's times when teams,
you're not playing well, bought out. See you later. There's not a ton of leeway.
It's a business, right?
Like teams fuck over players all the time.
This kid ended up fucking over the Flyers.
Now, so in a sense, I'm like, well, he used his leverage.
He got out of where he didn't want to be.
Okay.
What you say, Hartz, is true.
I'm at a BU game.
I'm watching them play.
And they have a Philadelphia Flyers prospect, Devin Kaplan.
Good player. And I ran into John LeClaire. And it was great catching up. I got to play up in
the Flyers, like you mentioned, American legend, guy I looked up to growing up. And I was talking
to him. He's like, yeah, I go around. I meet with the guys after. And he was going down to meet with
Kaplan after. And so does Colby Armstrong's brother, Riley. And then you think of the fact
that he was over at BC the night before
and that he wouldn't even meet
with him. That's the one thing where it's like
you could have easily
shown the respect and said,
yeah, I'll meet with John LeClair. And in your mind
said, no matter what he says, I'm not going
there and I'm not signing there and I don't care.
But he didn't do that.
And I think that's the biggest thing. I think
if he'd met with the Flyers and he agreed to talk to Breer in Sweden or Jonesy and he agreed to at least listen I don't
think the backlash is as bad as it is right now but there is a side to this that he used his
leverage the same way teams use their leverage he just went about it the wrong way in my opinion
yeah and I believe there was like a list of teams that he gave Danny B as well.
Okay.
Holy shit.
That'll do it.
Fucking RFA already.
Some of those teams on those lists said, you know, we'll pass right off the bat.
So I don't know if, you know, what the deal is,
but it's in the past now.
And I think the Flyers are, you know, there's one game he's played.
It was against, it was last night.
Montreal.
Yeah, Montreal.
And he played like lights out.
He was, you know, the fourth attacker, a couple shots.
Overtime, he had three or four point-blank chances to score,
got an assist on the power play.
So he's going to help this team big time.
Yeah, it was nice to see, even defensively,
like closing on guys, the decision-making.
Yeah, he looked really good.
Jeez, I'm surprised Cutter Gauthche didn't ask for a camcast card uh credit card as well as that no tree but
maybe like a little gift card from him that's fucking wild yeah you can't make it up that's
for sure hey but on the the shitty side of it there was that crazy situation with uh one of
the guys who runs a flyers podcast where he was trying to blame Kevin Hayes
for telling this kid to not come to the Flyers.
Ridiculous, yeah.
Yeah, that torts pressure, that was lights out.
Torts is the best, right?
He comes in there and he fires one-word answers
for 35 seconds.
Anyone else?
And then he bolts right there.
He comes in, he's like, who's that guy
that said that stuff about Kevin Hayes?
And Sam Flippo was like, yeah, it's me over here.
You know, what are you thinking?
You know, it just goes off on him.
But, you know, you don't want to see the stuff that, you know, I know Cutter's gotten some death threats.
And, hey, you piece of shit.
What the heck are you doing?
Right?
So you don't ever want it to get to that point.
And you feel bad for these kids.
Right?
They're human beings at the end of the day we we you know you guys make a living on this uh okay podcast uh
you know talking about it but uh it's it's it's sad where you know kind of the social media stuff
where it goes to i got some death threats too for misquoting tort saying that i wouldn't know
cutter from a glory hole i put in glory instead of just our hole in the wall.
People were fucking going nuts.
People were sending me death threats for going after your chop.
That's how hardcore Flyers fans are, and they're back in the mix.
Well, that's why I was saying this team,
I guess it's the last team in the world you want to do this to in terms of saying I'll never meet with you, I'll never sign with you,
because I've never seen an organization respond the way the Flyers did.
Jonesy, the CEO, Breer, we got Hartnell on there.
The night this news broke, it was all hands on deck.
Fuck you, kid.
You don't want to be here.
We don't want you.
So the fans probably love that, though.
They buy into that.
And the other unbelievable thing about this whole deal, right?
So the Flyers knew that he didn't want to sign for over a year, right?
And no one knew about it.
Nobody.
Except for probably the three people in the room, the Flyers brass,
a few other people that kind of kept their mouth shut to not leak this stuff.
And they had some great negotiations with a few teams saying,
what's the best deal for us, blah, blah, blah.
And he and Danny said in his presser that,
can you keep this quiet so it doesn't get leaked so we don't get screwed?
And the trust in all that going around was pretty freaking incredible, actually.
Harty, before we keep going here,
we're actually going to roll the audio of Torts' press conference,
him laying into that guy who started the Kevin Hayes rumor.
Is the guy here, is there, doesn't,
the guy here that caused Kevin Hayes a problem?
Yes.
You?
Yeah.
Are you kidding me?
You think Kevin Hayes is going to do something like that?
It's a .
Any last questions?
It just pisses
me off that you guys throw
that  around and affect
someone's life. Kevin
Hayes and I had a problem. We
couldn't come to an agreement on how to play. That's a
good man. That's a good man.
And what you've said
is going to stay with him. That's what good man. And what you've said is going to stay with him.
That's what you guys don't understand.
You say something, and you're going to
sit there and say you have the right sources. I call
.
Go ahead. I'm sorry. Yeah, so there it is.
Harts just, I mean, Torts just
giving it to that guy. So right when this
news broke of that guy
saying that, I think it was the intermission report
he said it. And then he said,
Kevin Hayes has his hands on all of this. And there's
some guy on the side. He goes, absolutely.
You're like, what are these guys
talking about? So I texted Hayes right away.
And he started just dying
laughing. He's like, this is ridiculous.
He goes, the BC coach asked
me to take this kid golfing.
I went to BC. I was a part
of the Flyers like no problem
and and that guy said he had sources i i don't because because hazy texted briere that night he
said hey danny because hazy's mentioned i love briere and hazy's even told me torts is a really
good guy he goes he didn't love me as a player i didn't love him as a coach but as a person he's an
awesome person so there's like no bad blood. So he texted me.
I had nothing to do with this.
He goes, I know you didn't.
I know you didn't.
So that guy had to come out and say, I have sources.
I think he made it up.
I think he straight up made it up, and Torts said it.
He goes, I don't believe you.
It's unbelievable.
A quick Torts story for him and I.
It was about maybe 10 games into the season in Columbus,
I guess my last year in Columbus. It was about maybe 10 games into the season in Columbus.
I guess my last year in Columbus.
It was a tight game.
2-1, 3-2 were up. I didn't see
the ice after like 15 minute mark
in the third period. Kind of like you, Biz.
Sorry, I love you, buddy.
No, buddy. I love this shit. I got a story
for you after you're done.
We're reeling around the next day in practice. I'm like, hey, Tor, I love this shit. I got a story for you after you're done. And so we're reeling around the next day in practice.
I'm like, hey, Torres, what's up with I can't play in the last 15 minutes of a tight game?
He goes, you're awful defensively.
You're kind of missing your checks, whatever.
And I'm like, I call bullshit.
I don't think there's been one time the whole year that I've been out of
getting skinny not to block a shot.
I'm laying my body on the line this and that
he goes I'll have our assistant coach
get some clips and we'll show them to you tomorrow
I was like perfect
he comes out the next day is the morning skate
right we're on there again we're zipping around
he comes and finds me
he's like I want to apologize
he's like honestly we couldn't find one bad
clip in 10 days he's like
I just don't fucking trust you out there.
He's like, so you're not going to play, so just deal with it,
and we'll move on.
I was like, oh, okay.
I'm like, at least he's honest, right?
He just doesn't want me out there.
No shit, eh?
You're like, wait a minute.
I thought I just won this.
Like, no, no, I still don't want you out there.
I was, you know, like 10 minutes to go,
and I kind of skip a couple times, and just the tape on my my shin pads come off you know loosen up the skates a little bit because
i knew i wasn't seeing the ice so that so that was basically like the the first year that he was in
there where kind of like you're going back to last year with the flyers where it was his full year
where he was just trying to like yes clean house and see who he trusts his players and you mentioned
like you didn't have the best experience with them. Were there any other situations that made you guys butt heads?
And I know you said looking back,
you would have loved to have had him as an earlier player.
Yeah, a couple of bad penalties.
That was kind of my MO of taking bad penalties.
I had some bad times,
and he was the only one that kind of held me accountable for it.
You know, he would pipe me and scratch me,
and I was like, you can't scratch me.
Like, you know, I'm know good guy you know good teammate I'm still scoring making plays big hits and and he's like no and I you know went into his room he's like I got an open
door policy I go in there and I'm like what the heck's going on and he's he's like I'm not putting
up with this crap you've been doing your whole career like you're done you'll be back in next
game he's like you know be embarrassed like you know and you are embarrassed you're hurt you're your ego's struck everything and you know got back in and
you know I think I scored four of the next five games and he looks like you know the coach of the
year yeah exactly the mad genius that he is and and you know whatever and then my game started
dip again I got scratched again went in there again he's like yeah you're not playing I'm like
I know I'm trying to find it he's like he's like we'll find it tonight our next game when you get
back in and you know come back again and score you know three of the next four goal games I'm
like oh my god I'm making this guy look like a coach of the year right and so anyways he has
those effects on guys and you know for my next two years i only played that rest of that year and one more national
i didn't i took half as many penalties as i did you know uh in in previous years right so it was
a lesson i learned you know in year 16 17 uh that i wish i would have learned when i was 20 right so
well we had um nick felino on who's a great guy and like you know just plays the game the right
way and he told a great story. I don't know
if you were there for this that Torts brought him in
and he's like, I don't think you should
be the captain of this team.
And he takes all offense to it
but then he speaks so highly of Torts.
So it's like the same type thing where
he's challenging guys.
He basically from, and I had two weeks
with him in the Olympics. I didn't
experience the real Torts. He didn't play either. Besides when he goes, get him off the Olympics. I didn't experience the real coach.
Besides when he goes, get him off the ice.
He can't play.
And I didn't play.
But I sense that his biggest thing is never, ever letting guys get comfortable.
He looks at it like if you get comfortable, you get lackadaisical, you think you've made it, you think you got your lineup spot.
That's his number one MO is just keeping guys every night.
You play great Tuesday, Thursday doesn't mean shit.
So that's what I sense from him at least.
Yeah, it's whatever you've done for me lately, absolutely.
And you're talking about the guy he is, right?
And I'm telling my brothers, oh my God god he's so hard on me so hard on all
the guys blah blah blah like you know he said this to me blah blah blah and and my both of my brothers
are there with their kids right my two nephews and we go in the locker room I show them in Columbus
and and Torts stops and talks to us for like five minutes and I've never really seen this side of
Torts before either right and he's asking my nephew's names and my brothers and talking and
this and that and so he leaves the room and my brother's looking he's like he's the nicest guy
in the world i love torts you know i'm like oh god damn i've never seen that side of him so
uh torts is the best and and uh you know and just to rewind on cutter too like if he would have come
to philadelphia and been the player that he's been his whole life college uh uh national team whatever he would have scored 50 goals next year he would have been
playing 25 minutes a night he would have been an all-star and just like his career could have gone
like this but you know who knows what's going to happen in Anaheim or whatever but Torres loves his
young guys he wants them to to make money he wants them to score goals, win hockey games,
and it's just unfortunate that if that was a part of the reason,
you know, it's too bad.
The best part about this is, now we don't know because Cutter hasn't said,
but part of it could be Torts.
A little afraid to play for Torts, heard some things.
He's going to Greg Cronin, dude.
It's not exactly like you're going to another he's
a drill sergeant too isn't he yeah yeah careful what you wish for his blood pressure looks like
he's a drill sergeant i don't know if you guys seen him on the bench man he's red as a tomato
i don't know if he's not using the spf well he's surfing out in anaheim oh is that what's going on
okay maybe it's not the blood pressure then that's great a style like that where a guy does he get emotionally draining at a certain point where like you know every night every maybe it's not the blood pressure then that's great scotty a style like that where a guy
does it get emotionally draining at a certain point where like you know every night every day
it's just like you know he's he's kind of fucking with some regard like this is just where where
play is out at a certain point it's it's with with tourists the training camp's an absolute animal
it's like a different beast that you're in a different world right he doesn't care
about anything he doesn't really care about the test results. As long as you give it your all and you finish the, it used to be the two mile run.
There's a torts rule now in the CBA. You can't make guys run before training camp, right?
So he's got the two skate tests or whatever. And then it's just the grind. Like you put on your
gear for practice. You got a 45 minute bag or take your equipment off go work out go back in and put your wet gear
on and then go scrimmage for 60 minutes and and you do that for like three or four days on repeat
it's absolutely ridiculous and and then you get into the year and there's so many days off and
there's you know morning skates are totally optional he doesn't want you on there he just
wants you to show up for the games and it takes a little while to get used to
uh but but you know as a player under him you're like oh this is awesome you hardly practice you just if you perform and you play hard and you do the right things and win hockey games you're gonna
uh it's not i shouldn't say easy but it's it's it's a fun fun way to be coached and kind of uh
that kind of lifestyle i guess we've talked a lot about torts here. I want to get into some of the personnel.
A guy that probably doesn't get talked enough
throughout the league, Travis Konechny.
And I think in his last 101 games,
he's got 98 points.
This guy's a fucking beast, honey badger,
does it all.
What do fans need to know about this guy and his game?
He's incredible.
He's a pass to get some of your skin.
He's always engaged right and that's and
that's what you want from your leader of that team right everyone follows this guy follow suit with
this guy uh he just started killing penalties last year i think he's got five shorties this year
uh he's just always always looking to go go go right on the offense he's got the speed he's got
the skill uh you know and plays hard right that's what you want in your top guys is to play hard.
And he has that in spades.
Just an incredible guy too.
Just a young family, sweetheart of a wife, and just a good human being.
It's been an incredible run.
And at the beginning, I was like, this isn't going to last.
They don't have the personnel.
And I think through 41 games, they're sitting in the playoffs.
They got the number one seed wildcard.
They're one point out of top three in the Metro.
So I think it's hard to say that this is going to wear off at this point.
I mean, they have such good juju around their team.
And then it seems like the fan base has come even more together with the Gauthier news
because it's like, no, it's us. It's us versus everyone. It's
almost kind of like, I mean, granted, the players
don't really care. The guy's not in the room.
A lot of those guys won't be there when he
would have played there, but
there's something special going on there, and
it is cool to see. I mentioned before,
the league, it's a better place,
better league when the Flyers are in it, right?
They just got these lunatic scumbag fans.
They're always yelling and screaming.
Gritty. Gritty.
They got gritty doing drugs in intermission.
So it's been a great story for the NHL season
that I think will continue.
If they don't make the playoffs,
I still think last week they're right there
fighting for one of those wild cards.
And they got such a young team.
That's what you want for a young team
is play those important games in March, April.
I know that everyone kind of says that, but I think they will be there too.
What was I going to say?
I just like their attitude.
They play hard.
They're never out of a game.
And I just think they're going to be there for some reason.
I just had a feeling at the beginning of the year.
So you said the young movement too.
I mean, that Drew trade, you weren't the year. So I was going to, you said the young movement too. I mean that drew trade,
you know,
you didn't,
you weren't sure what Owen Tippett was going to come into.
And I feel like he's,
he's fine.
Hey,
and he's like built to be a flyer cause he's a fire crotch too.
So it just makes way too much sense.
Right.
Kyle,
like you,
I mean,
right.
The,
uh,
the new era of orange,
it's a little bit more burnt orange.
If you,
if you like interview him, it's like the same color as his hair.
It's unbelievable.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's gritty.
He is gritty.
Cam York's got a little ginge in him as well, too.
So the guys, they have a good group of guys.
I've seen them around the rink.
They're always joking.
And that young group, that Tyson Forster, he's a great kid.
He hasn't scored in a little while.
So if he gets hot, Cam Atkinson hasn't scored in a couple dozen games.
But if he gets going again, they'll have the depth scoring right now.
It's their top line that's doing all the damage.
But the power play has been absolutely bush league too.
It's 31st in the league, and Drysdale will help that.
So I'm looking forward to kind to see where this team goes.
Last thing about Konechny,
he's eligible to sign an extension
this summer. Has there
been any discussion? Do you think that they try to get
that done right when they can and have him
not go into next season as a
UFA year coming up?
It's tricky. For me,
they're about this rebuild.
Maybe he might be the one biggest chip that you could get uh back too right uh i hate to say that
because i love tk and what he brings he's the ultimate flyer too right so do you assign him
he'll be 27 ish uh when he's done his deal he'll be in his mid-30s you know kind of maybe maybe
past his prime when that big deal ends.
Oh, my kids scared me.
They just came in.
Or do you trade him right now for two playoff runs and see what happens?
Quiet, kids.
They're like, I want to go in the cold tub with you, Dad.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, right.
Gaudi, we know the NHL is like a big, giant sewing circle.
And Brienne mentioned trying to protect the player but do you think keeping the secret was so much
they had so much respect for like Jonesy
and Bria through the whole thing that that's why nothing got out
because we always get rumors everywhere but
I don't think anybody heard any shit about this do you think
the fact that no one did was more of a
like a tribute to those guys and how much respect the league
has for them yeah well Jonesy's
been around broadcasting for what 20 years played for you know 12 years so he's been in the game for a
long long time right and uh you have that respect factor you know it's not easy being on on tv right
biz and and you know talking and being constructive criticism and and pumping players up and he's done
that in spades and uh you know for danny b the that he played, how gritty he was, how nasty he was,
and now he's kind of, he's paid his dues, right,
the last five, six years,
learning how to develop a minor league team,
an East Coast team, and now he's doing it here.
So it's pretty important.
And you've got to give props to the other teams
that they were talking to, too, right?
The other six or eight teams would be like,
hey, please, you know, I'm asking you,
this is sneaky. We can't
be talking about this. You can't let
it leak or we're screwed,
right? And it only would have helped those teams
too, right? Those teams would have
then, they would have been like, oh, we don't have to give up
Drysdale now. Double leverage.
So it was pretty honorable for
everyone to keep it quiet.
And it's weird too, before Danny B,
Dan Hilfertyty and Jonesy,
the Flyers organization,
there was leaks everywhere.
They were,
they were trying to bail out water by left and right.
There was,
there was seriously any little injury,
any,
it was coming out.
Right.
And so I think there's been some changes in the front office,
you know,
changes in the,
in the locker room,
trainers and all that kind of stuff.
And,
and nothing,
nothing's been out.
It's actually wild how kind of tight-lipped everyone is.
Scotty, going forward around the whole league,
do you think we'll see more of this going forward?
Guys not wanting to play with teams or was this just a novelty,
like once in a thousand?
I don't know.
When I got drafted in six overall, I was like national predators.
They've been in the league for two years. I don't care. I want to play six overall, I was like National Predators. They've been in the league for two years.
I don't care.
I want to play in the NHL.
That's my dream.
Every kid dreams big like that.
And to snub a team, especially like the Philadelphia Flyers,
the historic logo, the city, the passion in the city,
it's a little bit mind-blowing.
And maybe we'll find out more.
Who knows?
But I just, I don't know.
Maybe I'm a good Canadian kid, eh, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
Just a Sasky boy?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, Hartz, thank you very much, man.
You're doing a hell of a job.
I know you work with the Flyers, NHL Network.
You're all around the media circuit.
So it was great to get you on and hear your opinion on everything.
So thank you.
Thanks, guys.
Take care, buddy.
Big thanks to Scott Hotnell jumping back on with us.
We had him on a little while ago.
Just an absolute character of the game and an awesome insight for what's going on there.
Hopefully we'll get him back again.
But some big news.
This actually just broke.
Elvis Merzlikens, the goalie in Columbus.
There's been a lot of chatter.
He talked last week.
I love Columbus, but I'm not a backup goaltender.
I want a new scenario. Well, after he won today's game, I love Columbus, but I'm not a backup goaltender. I want a new scenario.
Well, after he won today's game, I'm sorry, after Columbus won today's game,
he said, gee, actually, roll it right here.
Elvis, there's been a lot of talk in the days leading up to this game.
How good did it feel to go out there and let your play speak for itself?
Well, it definitely was an easy game for me.
I didn't play it a while.
And, you know, like when I was talking back there i said like when i'm gonna have my
chance i have to i'm not gonna have time i have to get right away in in the moment in the game and
and i try doing that i did not like my third goal in pk uh but i take it because again i didn't play
a while i i'm in the start of the game, I did not feel well.
The puck, each period was better and better and better.
Third period was awesome.
Overtime and then penalty shots, I'm really happy about it.
Yeah, I mean, as the game rolled out, that's the perfect scenario for you because you were feeling at your best when you needed to be, right?
I'm just mad, I'm going to tell you honestly.
I'm mad and I'm pulling out the monster out of me now.
How did it feel in that overtime?
Not only were you perfect in the overtime, but the shootout you handled brilliantly.
Sorry?
The shootout you handled brilliantly.
There was no other choice as a win.
I needed this win.
I needed this win, and I got it, and now I'm laughing.
Now you can go celebrate a little bit.
A lot.
Thanks for the time, Elvis.
Thank you.
I mean, pretty wild stuff.
He requested a trade.
If I was a team looking for a goalie, man, I would jump all over this.
He's got three more years left at 5.4 million.
That's tough.
It is.
But I think with this guy, I think a change of scenery would be perfect for him.
He's just been languishing in Columbus.
They've been so bad for so long.
I mean, he had that horrific incident that happened a couple years ago.
He lost his best friend.
That had to have affected his performance in some way.
I think this guy would be unreal in another location.
What do you think, Witt?
No?
No, I think it could be very good.
It's just about the price tag and how much Columbus is willing to eat.
Like, they'd obviously want a little extra in return
if they're going to eat half of that.
Because, I mean, nobody can afford that salary, right,
that needs a goalie unless you're shipping out, like,
players on the roster.
And for the most part, like, teams looking to get him
that are competing, trying to get in the playoffs
or in the playoffs, like, they're not going to want
to get rid of guys that are a part of the team.
So I think that, like, he has a lot better hockey in him
and it'll come at some point.
It's just, it's so hard to make trades nowadays.
And so obviously now it's public that he wants to be out.
So then teams have Columbus over the barrel even more.
But yes, I'm with you in terms of him going through so much in his life.
And obviously that quote, he's pissed off, he's upset.
So he's got some drive in him right now.
I just don't know how it'll end up working out.
It would have to be a big salary eat,
and it would have to be a little extra to sweeten the pot,
and in that, I just don't know what teams are out there willing to move that.
And it's not like you're getting a bona fide number one goalie.
You've still got some question marks in terms of how he's played this season,
whether it's off-ice stuff causing that or on-ice mechanics, I don't know.
But hopefully, for his case, he can get out and get a fresh start somewhere.
Yeah, I would have said Toronto, but they're getting Swayman
after Cam Neely told me in a small horn and bad breath.
So I'm pumped. I'm pumped for our future.
I don't know where he's going.
Hey, real quick, Swayman just spoke.
I'll play the audio right now.
How do you feel it benefits you to play night after night
from that amount of respect?
Do you get more of a rhythm?
I think so, and especially with our packed schedule right now,
practice is pretty rare.
So you're getting a lot of reps on the ice with games,
and it's important to keep maintaining that momentum
and moving forward.
So this is the fun part of the season.
And, you know, we know what we're working for as a collective group.
And it's awesome to see us gain some momentum these last couple of years.
Is the challenge more physical or mental when you do get a heavier workload
and you do get, you know, a bunch of games in a short amount of time?
I mean, I'm not the first one to do it, right? so i've talked to so many mentors and guys that have done before and
and they say the same thing it's a pro mentality and we have to treat our bodies right we're going
to treat our minds right take off days seriously making sure when we do have a practice or or
workout we're doing it as much as we need to do and not overextending our
our time and really everything we do is is well putting our engine in the right place to perform
so it's been really fun to get this stretch and I know I've been taking it seriously on and off
the ice. You said it's the fun part of the season a lot of people call you know five games nine days
you know the middle of the season the grind but people call you know five games nine days you know the middle of the
season the grind but you like that absolutely i think that's what separates the nhl from any
other league and um you know every night teams are giving you their best and it's really special
these are when the winds really feel good and i think our our big building blocks for for our
group especially and being home now for a while after being on the road,
I think I said with our boy Adam earlier,
is you don't miss home until you're gone for a while, right?
And it's so good to be home and having our fan base supporting us
all the way through from the first minute to the last, it's special.
And tonight we used that momentum.
So obviously he's very thankful.
It seems like the quote might have been taken out of context a little bit. and tonight we used that momentum. So obviously he's very thankful. He seems very,
it seems like the quote
might have been taken out of context
a little bit.
He's just kind of talking about
how grateful he is to be a Boston Bruin,
grateful he is to be an All-Star.
So I think,
yeah, I think we might have read
a little too into it.
Maybe that's one of those things
where the quote comes out
and you see like how much noise it's making.
You're like, oh shit.
Yeah.
Always better to hear it or see it if you can or do both.
A quick correction, too.
Major League is actually did play today.
He hadn't played since December 29th.
They've been benching for a little while.
So we'll see what happens there.
The Florida Panthers, man.
We got to talk about these guys.
They had won nine games in a row until Saturday.
They lost.
But fricking Sam Reinhardt.
This guy is un-fucking-believable what he's doing this year.
He's got 16 power play goals.
That team has 31 power play goals.
That team has three short hitter goals.
He has all three of them, and he's got nine game winners.
We talked about it before, how much money he's going to make.
We've got to praise him again, man.
This guy is unbelievable what he's doing so far.
But also Bobrovsky.
This team didn't have great goaltending the first half of last season
or maybe the first three quarters of last season,
but Bobrovsky's giving it to him.
That's why he's on the all-star team.
Whit, does Florida catch the Bruins for the division?
That's a great question. I think it's going to be tight all the way to the finish. Put it this way,
if they do, I wouldn't be surprised at all. I mean, I was as wrong as I've ever been,
which is saying something because I'm wrong all the time about the Florida Panthers this season
and just battling back without their defensemen
in Ekblad and Montour off the start.
And Kachuk is now heating up.
It was funny.
Paul Maurice said something about Matthew Kachuk
is going to catch fire here soon.
And I think in the next five games, he had close to 15 points.
So it's something that the coach could see how well he was playing,
maybe not getting rewarded with the points. Wasn't worried at all about his game. Now he's, it's something that the coach could see how well he was playing. Maybe not getting rewarded with the points.
Wasn't worried at all at all about his game.
Now he's going Barkov.
Everyone knows exactly how we all feel about him and all the guys who've
played with him.
Keith Yandel,
I still think says is the best player he's ever played with Reinhardt
having this career season,
how tough they play,
how mean they are.
They got,
they got cousins,
the King rat right now he's on the IR,
but he'll be coming back.
Fake IR.
And you got to shout out
Zito for that Rodriguez
signing. He's playing on the top
line with Reinhardt and Barkov. He's played
great this season. And I think
obviously he had some success in the NHL
and last year Colorado. The season
didn't go as the team had hoped, but he
goes into Florida
he's been perfect fit for them they just have it all they have the makings of a Stanley Cup team I
mean last year they had no health by the time the finals came around everyone was injured they were
banged up so it's it's a it's a legit contender in terms of what they could add I think a big
time addition to whoever gets him like is is going to be sean monaghan
from montreal who's played yeah that would be a nice yeah that would be a great ad and and you
look at like so they got barkov reinhardt rodriguez they got verhagey bennett kachuk then they got
lundell with luster rein and lomborg's on that line right now i'm sure cousins could play there
lomborg could go down or they could both be on the fourth line. But obviously, like a little depth at the forward position never hurts. Their D are
nice. You could always use another defenseman. But they are set up to go on another run. And
all credit to that team. I think they got one of the best coaches in the league. Bobrovsky,
we thought maybe that last year's playoff was just going to be a fluke and he'd kind of go
back to the guy who struggled a bit since he signed in florida's make it 10 million nope he's carrying it right into this
year and yeah if they win the atlantic there's going to be no surprise it's just amazing to see
what they've done holy fuck wick come up for oxygen what a fucking breakdown baby legit what
a breakdown holy fuck man first star of the pod right now.
You're snapping it.
I guess I'll clean up the fat.
I'll clean up the trimmings here.
You're going to eat your fat.
27 shooting percentage for Reinhardt.
Could have come at a better time.
How much are you paying this guy to stick around?
He's played himself up the way just like Nylander? Like, he's played himself just up the way,
just like Nylander has.
Everything he's touching turns into gold.
He's got a horseshoe up his ass.
So, Kachuk's nine and a half, like,
you gotta hope that it's...
Can't make more.
I don't even know if he can make the same.
Like, he obviously deserves it based on this season,
but if they could ever get him, like,
eight times 8.75, I know that's a bargain based on this season, but if they could ever get him like eight times 8.75,
I know that's,
that's a bargain on based on this season,
but the no tax and him loving it there.
And that's the biggest thing you get to go there and fly under the radar.
And you just mentioned the number last podcast with kneel at her,
make it 11.5.
He's making the same as Matthew could Chuck.
Who's making 2 million less,
like same amount of money,
no stress, no media,
not getting called out on hockey night in Canada.
So I keep thinking of this 8x8 number and just lock it in.
Lock it and load it up.
Come on, Reinhardt.
And then bring the car home and we're going to have some fun this summer in Vancouver.
What?
That would be him taking a discount, right?
8x8?
I think that, well, I mean,
I think we've talked about his age before.
He's 29, I believe.
So we all know that, you know,
when you start getting to your, like, mid-30s,
it's like really you see the decline.
So I think the term for him would be the best-case scenario.
Hey, so I brought up top contracts in the league with
Hyman and Leon.
How about last year, before
last season, the Panthers
get Verhage to sign a three
year deal with a cap hit of
4.1.
He gets 42 goals last
year. He's got 23 this year.
Talk, I mean, that might
be the best deal in the league.
And notice what I'm saying
about great contracts and the Bruins
and then we got the Leafs
where everyone makes 43 million.
That's the difference right there.
Maybe Verhagen needs a new agent.
Shut up, Biz.
Our buddy
Jack Eichel, he got digged up
versus the Bruins Thursday night, on injury reserve, first it looked like
he just kind of might have fucked up his skate play but
he was out for a little bit, they haven't said what it is
he's on, he might miss as little as three
games, could be a little bit more, I know you
want to chat about this a little bit, well I mean
can I get it snapped around here a little bit
I was just going to say they got him and Wild Bill
out right now and they look tired
man, this looks like a depleted
team, like hill's not back
yet he was supposed to start a couple games ago thankfully they fucking finally scored one goal
i'd had them on three broadcasts and through eight periods they hadn't scored one fucking goal
and normally they're you know their strength is through the middle they're depleted there they're
not getting the goal support it's tough man they're it's it's tough to repeat man especially
from trying to even stay
healthy standpoint and we keep talking about how many games they played in the first two and a
half months so much hockey in the last year when i don't know man i don't know i'm not feeling as
confident about this team and right now two pods ago i said i wasn't worried it's it's starting to
get there it's not there yet it's not there yet. It's not there yet
because they know how to win
and because of their start,
they're in such a good spot.
But if next week or the pod after that,
this is continued,
then you start saying,
holy shit.
And I mean,
let's not leave the Pacific right yet
because the Kings are horrible.
They're getting lucky
because they're getting these OT losses.
So they're grabbing points, which I think that's like top of my radar,
along with getting rid of the offside challenge,
is the league somehow switching up this loser point
because it's creating like impossibilities for a team to make up any ground
when they're playing great hockey,
when all these teams are losing an OT or shootouts and still getting a point.
I digress.
Quickly back to Eichel.
Eichel played one year at BU,
one of the greatest college hockey seasons anyone's ever seen.
71 points, Hobie Baker.
They lose a heartbreaking game in the national title in Boston.
And his captain, who was a two-year captain,
he was captain first as a junior, grizzlik he was the one who
drilled eichel with that hip check and injured him and i watched it over and over and i'm just
saying there's a there's a connection between these two guys they're buddies you're playing
hard no matter who you're playing against but i think it's a charlie horse because it looks like
he got him directly in the quad and then the way he kind of like couldn't put weight on it did
already the way he was going off the ice it looked like it was a broken skate where you couldn't push off the one leg.
So maybe a Charlie horse on something like that.
But it was Grizzly who threw a nice hit right along the boards who knocked him out of that game.
So back to the Kings.
These guys can't score goals, dude.
They get like they got 17, 18 games games they're getting two goals a game like
it's just not good enough and and i don't know dupois biz you want yeah so i think that i think
that like for a little bit there or like first couple games like even the first couple periods
i was like oh and then then he okay picked it up, started putting some points together, and then he's been on a really tough stretch.
And for me, it's more about like the lack of engagement.
It seems like it seems like he's trying to find this like pace to his game where it's like, hey, buddy, you got to have another gear here.
Like if you're if you're a centerman who's making eight million bucks, I would like you to control pace of play at some points.
And even like loose puck battles,
like making even simple plays when he was on the power play.
I don't know.
I'm seeing a lot of things in his game that I'm not liking right now.
I said the same thing about Bertuzzi.
Sometimes maybe guys aren't as emotionally invested early in the season
and they maybe allow other guys to kind of brunt the weight of the regular season
and the dog days.
But are we seeing the same fucking thing here?
Yeah.
We're not talking about just even flying under the radar,
playing good above the puck,
and chipping in when it's needed to.
I'm talking about like,
oh my God, dude, make that fucking play there.
I might have made that play.
Dubois still is the owner of maybe the best shift I've ever seen in the NHL.
The shift in Columbus that basically went.
I'm seeing a lot of those now, though, buddy.
That shift is an all timer.
And now we're seeing a couple of those ones.
It's like, ah.
Yeah, you know what?
It's halfway through the season,
but if he gets a rip in the last 30 games,
but the Kings could be.
I mean, the Oilers are one point back of him.
No disrespect to Terry Ryan and his stride,
but I see a lot of similarities in knee bend here.
And that's kind of what I'm concerned about.
I know he's a big guy and you want to stay upright and scan the ice, but fucking bend those motherfucking pistons and let's get going here,
buddy.
Let's have a second half and get this one,
two,
three punch at center.
He's going,
come on.
I'm a Kings guy.
I know you are.
Oh,
he got to talk about this.
Uh,
Bruce Boudreaux clip.
He said that a member of the Vancouver connects organization wanted him to
move Quinn Hughes to center
during his tenure last year.
Genius.
I want a name.
Absolutely.
He wouldn't say it.
I mean, he got a few guesses.
Was it Finn?
Who's Finn?
The mascot.
Was it Finn?
Because there's no one in their right mind
who watches hockey would want to trade Quinn Hughes positions
from defense to center.
He's the second best defenseman in the world right now.
Who, like you guys, I want answers.
And do we each get a guess?
And mine's not Finn.
You have such a hot off the mask.
I don't even know anyone in the organization.
I would say maybe a person who's no longer there
isn't in the league right now.
No names.
Really?
Was Bruce ratting on himself?
I feel like R.A. knows something here
that he's not telling us.
No, I mean, if I have something, man,
I'd love to fucking share it.
He's like, me? Research? Never.
The best part was when the clip was going around
like the internet, I tweeted out a version of it,
and there's like all these responses. He's lying. He it up what are you talking about like what there's zero chance
he's making it up i love how he's like i've never said this on tv but and then right as he says it
weeks he's like oh dude hey vancouver fans are a little snippy online and i don't think they were
too happy about him stirring it up with the old team.
Vancouver fans have never been known to do that either.
Surprising.
There's a reason they have 16 guys in the All-Star game.
Philly fans might owe it to the top of the Evil Finn ratings.
I thought, what's going on this last week, man?
I actually was very, other than the nonsense of the idiot idiots
stirring up the Kevin Hayes stuff and like sending him whatever fucking
stupid messages they were.
I was actually very proud about the way that the fan base kind of has gotten
reignited and the way that they responded.
And, and you know, Jonesy's comments, man, if you don't want to be a flyer,
you're not going to be a flyer.
I felt that they were very deliberate with their words and what they said on that broadcast and whatever one it was between briere jonesy and especially torts
i fucking i fucking love it man i hope you guys see what happened at conti forum this past weekend
no bc eagles play a ton of flyers fans showed up wearing all orange gear to bc's game and for a
while they weren't allowed in the arena.
They're chasing them down to BC.
Okay, well, now I'm a little concerned.
I was complimentary of how hardcore they are.
That might be a bit much.
Well, BUBC have an enormous home and home coming up January 27th, 28th.
I think I might have to get a gritty costume.
I think I might have to go to this game as gritty.
And just torture the kid.
You're going to be going solar bears and then into the Gritty costume?
Gritty's costume probably just reeks of weed, too.
Hey, now I really know that insurance
isn't covering that basement.
You're really earning it now.
What's worse, going to harass a kid as an adult at a college game
or not letting people in because they have certain colors on in a game?
I don't know who's worse on that fucking thing.
That's way worse.
Yeah.
Get over yourself.
I think going to the arena and rooting against Cutter Gauthier
is what makes being a fan so fun.
Colby Cohen had a great topic on this on his show,
but he was basically saying
hiding behind social media and
chirping at him that way, that's bullshit.
But being able to go be a Flyers
fan that goes to BC
to go to the arena, now you can motherfuck him.
I love that. Like we
said earlier, these are paying fans. If they want
to go boo people, they should be allowed
to boo people. I love it.
I'm the boo police around here.
I think that that's okay, Grinnell, and I actually agree with you.
But Islanders with the JT, absolutely not.
Two completely different things.
Very different.
Very different.
As I said with Hartnell, the kid used his leverage.
He's got to be a confident frigging kid to be willing to do this
because he knew the blowback.
So he obviously believes in himself and his game.
And I don't know if he knew it would be like this,
but with the city of Philadelphia, scumbag central.
So it's not surprising, but they love their teams, man.
I have nothing, nothing against quitter.
Quitter was his last name.
Quitter Gaultier.
Quitter Gaultier.
That's what they're calling him online with.
Quitter instead of Cutter.
Given like Philly, like all the organization shit,
they thought they were too hot on him.
But like this is a kid.
I mean, he ignored them.
Excuse me.
He ignored them.
Like he wasn't returning the calls.
I mean, that's, I don't know,
that's kind of immature or childish or whatever.
I mean, just be an adult, be professional,
and just say, hey, we don't want to talk to you, whatever.
But to completely ignore an organization, man,
I can see why Jonesy might've been a little pissed off and the rest of
them as well.
Well, I love it.
All right.
We mentioned Corey Perry, the worm earlier,
free to sign with any team.
He did sit down with Gary Bettman, but what was interesting,
he wasn't obligated to,
he didn't have to because he didn't violate any laws.
He didn't do anything that, you know,
we should keep him from playing in the league again.
But do you think your team signs them? And what's your guess? If anyone, Because he didn't violate any laws. He didn't do anything that should keep him from playing in the league again.
But, Biz, do you think a team signs him?
And what's your guess, if anyone?
I think 100 a team signs him.
I think Toronto would be awesome.
I think that Edmonton would embrace him with open arms.
I think that that would be a huge add for the Oilers because they have nothing in their bottom six.
No spice.
I know we were talking a lot about spice.
Rumor boys are here in Edmonton, Biz. I'll tell you that. Rumor boys. Are we? We are here in their bottom six. No spice. I know we were talking a lot about spice. Roomer boys are here in Edmonton, Biz.
I'll tell you that.
Roomer boys.
Are we?
We are here in Edmonton.
I don't think there's a chicken dick's chance
that he ends up in any type of media circus like Canada.
I think he's going dirty, dirty south.
I think from what I'm hearing from my sources,
and I would say back to Dallas.
That would be my guess.
Either there or Florida,
which would make that rat hi-ya pack disgusting.
I would not watch them on television.
That is rated R television right there, folks, seeing that guy in that mix.
Cousins would say, I got to pick up my game. We got a new sheriff in town.
We got a new dirt bag.
The worm.
Biz, even though, yeah, wherever he goes,
that first press conference will be nuts.
Canada would be even more insane.
But after that, it's not like every day
they're going to be talking to him about it.
Yeah.
The internet usually moves on to the next fucking thing.
They kick around.
Evander Kane was fine in Edmonton.
I think Corey Perry would be just fine.
That's why I think if there's one place to go in Canada,
Albertans just want to win hockey games.
They don't give a fuck about it.
They want to have some drinks and win a game
and go to the oil rig and do their job
so they can buy some tickets
and watch their team win some more games.
Edmonton announces they've signed Jack the Ripper,
23-year deal.
Yeah, I'll see you at the Fairmont Lobby.
There you go. Nice little story uh Max Patchy already he's been dealing with some shitty injuries the uh Achilles twice he's fucking ripped it up scored his first goal in a year so
it was a nice little moment uh with the Capitals by the way that team man it's like you look at
all the stats like how is this team like in or near the playoffs right now they keep getting it
done Charlie Lindgren great story there but just want to give a little shout out to Max there.
It was nice to see him get a goal there.
Also, congrats to Team USA for winning goal
at the under-18 Women's World Championships.
They beat the Czechs 5-1, so shout out to the American ladies.
Welcome to the under-18 gold club.
Absolutely.
And some big local news I'm going to go to you with.
Bill Belichick, 24 seasons as a Patriots coach all done
no more six Super Bowls I think he went to nine all together how do you feel buddy you said like
okay whatever was a time what do you think with uh yeah I mean it it certainly felt like it was
time I I think um in the end I I would guess that as you get older and the game is so stressful,
the hours these guys put in,
being GM and coach probably became like a little bit too much.
It seems like, especially recently, his GM side was severely lacking.
I mean, the draft picks, it seems like they never really got it done in the draft.
And obviously, going back in the day,
the guy had some amazing work as the general manager
and signing free agents and things like that.
But, I mean, every dynasty comes to an end,
and there will never be anything like this in sports.
Like, this was the most incredible run you could ever imagine.
The fact that this began my freshman year of college
and went for 20 seasons, and, like like in my peak years of being a fan, I got to watch the greatest team you'll ever see have two different dynasties basically.
My whole life.
Six Super Bowl wins, nine trips to the Super Bowl.
I don't know how many trips to the AFC title game.
It was just the season never started until the playoffs.
It was just like, let's get the regular season over with.
We'll go 11-5.
We'll go 12-4.
The biggest heartbreak, no doubt, was the 18-1 season.
I think everyone can agree that that was just crushing.
But, I mean, look at what they did.
That happened, and it's still not even close to the biggest story.
They got six titles.
And people kind of often say it was all Brady.
I kind of fall somewhere in between.
My brother thinks that's ridiculous where my dad thinks it's all Brady.
I don't think Brady wins those first three without Belichick.
And he came into the league and became a starter as kind of a game manager
and little checkdowns.
And all of a sudden, he turned into a superstar.
And then the next three was him being the greatest quarterback of all time.
But it was a true team.
Like, everyone did everything together.
The old Patriot Way saying where guys came in and pretty much changed their
attitude or they were gone.
I think, obviously, that Patriot Way thing got talked about enough in the end it wasn't it wasn't the case any longer but for a long
time i mean they just they just had every single aspect so dialed in and every guy so bought into
that system that it was just the coolest experience ever being a fan of that team that's why i say
it's a combo pack wit it's because like
if you don't have the the best player ever which is brady buying in then the other guys don't fall
in line and obviously he bought into what belichick was selling so to me it was a combined mind and it
was just brilliant and knowing how to like obviously interact with brady throughout all
those years and like figure out the offense together.
And it seems like it was more of a collaborative effort.
Yeah, did they butt heads?
But fuck me, man.
So there was a quote the other night.
It's like, you go through a hockey season,
you hate each one of your teammates at least one time.
Right?
Think of the conflicts that you'd have
with sitting on the power play just quickly or whatever.
I was like, don't be mad.
Don't be mad at me.
To manage that type of relationship
as long as they did to have that type of success,
it's just like, it's fucking insane.
I mean, Brady's-
It's a lot of commitment.
Brady's statement after,
and I think he was on his podcast,
he's like breaking down.
He's talking.
He would have been,
he never would have been who he turned into without the guy.
So if you're not taking it from his mouth,
I mean, how are you one to say that it had nothing to do with Belichick?
The guy, it's just an amazing story.
Now, I'd love to see him go to Dallas after that collapse yesterday.
And apparently he's very close with Jerry Jones.
I saw something that Jerry Jones told the story that when he got fired from the Cleveland Browns,
that he ran into Jerry Jones and he's like, hey, I can coach in this league.
If you ever need a guy, don't forget about me.
And Jones was saying he's thought about it often.
So it seems like almost too perfect to be true, but you'd love to see Belichick go in there.
You kind of feel bad for Mike McCarthy, but the Dallas Cowboys are the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They are legit
the exact same thing.
I can take that.
It's the Spider-Man meme
just pointing at each other.
Yeah, I can take that.
Did you guys see the video
of Chandler Jones,
former Patriots defensive end,
smoking a blunt
while he renditioned
Tennessee Whiskey
by Chris Stapleton?
He sang it as Bill Belichick.
It's absolutely incredible.
Like saying it as about Bill Belichick or like doing
his voice? Bill Belichick,
you didn't cut the check.
You didn't cheat in
that. It's like, it's fucking
incredible. He has an amazing
singing voice. He just hits every note.
We can play it here, but it's insane.
So I've told you guys
like, so my freshman... The first Super Bowl as a freshman at BU, We can play it here, but it's insane. So I've told you guys. I'm glad I heard enough.
The first Super Bowl, I was a freshman at BU.
We went out and we partied in Kenmore Square.
And the next night was the first night of the Beanpot.
And the BU Daily Free Press had a picture of me on the front of it,
partying in Kenmore Square.
And Jack Parker's like, what the hell are you doing?
We had curfew.
But whatever, we won the Beanpot. No no big deal I scored in the championship game um then the next title uh I
was a pro in the next title I was a pro and then fast forward um I was still a pro in Russia the
Seattle one I was in Russia I've told you biz I watched it like 16 hours later I recorded it
shut off my phone went to practice I knew none of these Russian guys even know what the NFL is.
So I didn't hear a thing.
That's why.
Yeah, went and got a 12-pack.
Nobody was talking about it in the locker room?
No, so Corey Emerton would have been the only one.
And you said, don't say a fucking word.
Don't say a word.
And went and got a 12-pack right after practice,
and I watched it not knowing anything and so sad and screaming.
Was that your only happy day in Russia?
No, when Bree got that money home, when she got that money back,
she figured out that Italian-Russian bank to get the money sent to my account.
I was happy.
And then I retired, and then the Atlanta Super Bowl happened, 28-3.
We're all sad.
I was at that one.
That comeback happens.
And then obviously still retired when they had that kind of brutal Super Bowl game against the Rams.
But they won it at the end.
That was awesome.
It's just like it's so nuts looking back.
I think that somebody out there, and maybe this exists, non-Patriots fans are probably throwing up right now. But, Ari, there needs to be a DVD or something with the 20 best Patriot games on it.
Where you just throw it in.
Because think of some of the playoff wins that weren't even the Super Bowl.
Some of these fucking games, dude.
Do you see Apple TV is coming out with that documentary?
It comes out in a few weeks. Oh, nice.
So the Baltimore game when they were down
14 two different times and Edelman
and Amandola
had the trick play. It's just
incredible.
But back to the current NFL
playoffs, I thought the coolest story,
no doubt, and a weekend full of horrible
games. The only good game we had was
Detroit versus LA.
Jared Goff.
Jared Goff's girlfriend might be the number one wag in pro sports.
Send me a pic.
I guess Yance played with her brother.
I mean, this woman is just drop dead gorgeous.
So the Detroit GM, though, you saw him celebrating like crazy.
He's in the elevator after the game screaming.
The guy in 2003,
he was,
he was working at enterprise rent a car.
We'll try to land an NFL job.
And then he got his start as a PR intern for the Rams.
And 18 years later,
he became GM of the Detroit lions and gives them their first playoff win in 32 years.
MM's in the stands going nuts.
They're playing lose yourself.
People are crying in the arena watching this team finally get a dub.
They have another.
Yolanda!
What up, y'all?
Yoli!
Yoli!
We're talking about the Lions right now, so you can't talk Lions.
What do you want to say to them?
I just want to say hi.
Happy New Year's, guys.
Happy New Year, Yolanda.
Great to see you, Yolanda.
We'll see you soon.
Yolanda, I love you so much.
Yolanda.
She's giving it to him.
Yeah, she's saying,
Natalie and the kids are coming.
Hurry up.
Come upstairs.
Stop jerking off in the basement
and leaving loads on my desk.
Don't let me catch you playing with yourself again, Paul.
I know, Mom.
I was happy for the Detroit.
I'm dropping another pair of shitty underwear
in the laundry, too.
Someone said that JFK has only missed
two playoff wins by the Detroit Lions.
Because they've only won two since he's died.
Oh, my God.
So go back to what you were saying.
And they have another home game.
And they got another home game because of the Dallas loss. Yeah, that's died. Yeah. Oh, my God. Crazy. So go back to what you're saying. And they have another home game. And they got another home game because of the Dallas loss.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's wild, man.
You mentioned the Rams shoot ball.
I just got to toot my own horn.
Remember I gave out Edelman MVP 35 to 1 that year?
Yep.
Fucking A, baby.
Good stuff.
Actually, during that whole run, I was at the Fog Bowl.
Don't break your arm, buddy.
Ha ha.
I was at the Fog Bowl versus Pittsburgh.
And then the Snow Bowl, the last game at Foxboro, the Tuck game versus Oakland, man.
That was fucking insane.
The beginning of it all.
And one other thing, too.
It was kind of crazy, like, the whole bunch of articles that come out.
Apparently, like, Belichick wanted to get rid of Brady before, like,
Tampa Bay Super Bowl season, which is kind of crazy, man.
I mean, who was he going to fucking realistically replace Tom Brady with?
Garoppolo.
When you say the Tampa one, they beat Tampa in the Super Bowl?
I'm sorry, the Rams one.
I'm sorry.
Oh, the Rams one.
Okay.
I mean, he was getting rid of guys.
He was always getting rid of guys before they peaked.
Maybe not before they peaked,
but he was getting rid of them sooner rather than later all the way.
I remember when they cut Loyal to Loy.
That's what I think that's bullshit, if that's true.
If that's true, that's fucking bullshit.
If you win four with a guy, you go down with the fucking ship.
So if that's true, fuck Belichick.
You can quote me on that.
Not like I'm ever going to get to interview him either.
Gee, Saltburn, I give it a C- at best.
I know you liked it,
but it was kind of rough.
Oh, it shifted there fast.
Doesn't surprise me, R.A.
I thought the first time
we disagreed.
Boys, any final thoughts
before we wrap this episode up?
No, I met Spike Lee
in the lobby the fourth season.
So I've dabbed up
Denzel Washington down there.
Jay Cole, I ran into him. and then now Spike Lee the only thing
that sucked though is I was coming out of the change room and I just like lathered up my face
I had this like skincare routine and I still had like the lotion all over my hand so I like he came
off the elevator and I was like oh shit Spike Lee and he dad me up and you could see he was kind of
like grossed out by I had these lotion-y hands.
So you could see the look on his face change.
So that kind of left me feeling like shit
before the broadcast.
So either way, though, got to meet Spike Lee,
so that was cool.
I wrote it down and wanted to tell you guys.
All right, guys.
We'll be back to you next week.
We'll be together, Biz and I will at least, correct?
Yep. For the next pod.
Correct. Absolutely. And I can't wait
to chat with you
and see you down there with the Bustin' with the Boys
guys. Orlando, get ready. We're coming
next Tuesday night, a week from today
as you're listening. Very special event
and as always, fans,
thank you for listening. We love you all.
And pray for my basement.
How much is your love? Boys fans, thank you for listening. We then you come on in and take it up a notch.
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
I think she needs a detox To cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in
We're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound
In my minivan
But I said something That crossed the line I'm out. She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
I think we need a deep talk.
You've been so on time.
