Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by DraftKings.
Hockey season is finally here and there's tons of dough to be made at DraftKings.
You can be part of the action all season long with our one-day fantasy hockey at DraftKings.com.
DraftKings is the leader in daily fantasy sports, and they're celebrating the return of hockey
by giving you a shot to win cash prizes tonight.
Grinnelli, I'm pretty sure you pocketed some loot already, correct?
It's literally paying for food on my table.
I mean, you got, look at Ovechkin, eight goals already.
Brandon Saad, James Nails, Zabinijad, five goals each.
Wayne Simmons, another guy.
If you've been on those dudes the right night getting hat tricks,
easy money to be made at DraftKings. No doubt about
it. Choose between public contests with
big cash prizes or private contests
where you face off with a group of your friends.
DraftKings also has beginner and casual
contests where you play against people of a similar
skill level. All you have to do is
pick your team and start racking up points for goals,
assists, shots, and more.
The best part, you get to draft a new team every
day with no commitment. So you're not stuck with guys all year i'm like you know you do a league
league yeah year-long fantasy you're stuck with the same bum he gets hurt he got a bum wheel and
you know so it's it's no good you get a re a new chance every day there's no better way to put your
hockey knowledge to the test than with draft kings so hurry to draftkings.com now and use the promo
code chicklets that's c-h-i-C-L-E-T-S,
to play free with your first deposit for your share of 5,000 in total prizes.
That's promo code CHICKLETS to play for free with your first deposit.
Only at DraftKings, the game inside the game.
Minimum 5 deposit required.
Eligibility restrictions apply.
See DraftKings.com for details. Welcome to episode 48 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Long distance hello.
What up?
What up, what up?
There's our what up, what up from our co-host Ryan Whitney, who is via satellite from, where are you in New Jersey right now, Wits?
I'm in the beautiful area of Secaucus, New Jersey right now.
Secaucus!
Yeah, this is our first time doing this when I'm away and we're not in the same room.
I never thought i'd
say it but i kind of miss your your living room right now wow i don't know if that's an insult
or a compliment but uh i think it was both it was kind of a backhanded compliment yeah
yeah a little bit no i i don't know i kind of i kind of like just having to wake up and come down
and fucking turn the microphone on but so anyways oh super producer Mikey Grinelli, he's doing some producing.
There he is right there.
So, okay, league.
All right, we're in full swing in the league.
Dude, I think the big story from last week, Ryan, was opening night in Las Vegas.
Incredible job done by the game operations crew there.
Had the perfect amount of solemnity, respect, adoration for the community, involving the community.
And then, you know, it just had the perfect level.
Then they go out and they kick ass to start the season 3-0, man.
What was your take on the opening night in Vegas?
Oh, I thought it was just perfectly well done, which is just crazy because it's such a hard thing to like how are you going to do this where you're also
you want to show so much
respect and show how much
everyone realizes what a horrible tragedy
and that the NHL will help and can help
but you also want to get fans
kind of away from it and get them
fired up so they had that 58
second moment of silence.
I tweeted out it was so
sad and powerful because it was just so long.
You were like,
Holy fuck.
Like this thing isn't ending.
That's just a person that passed away.
So that was just horrific.
But then,
you know,
after that,
they brought out the,
um,
or that was before they brought out,
you know,
the first responders,
the players stood behind them.
The coyotes were on the other blue line.
So it was like,
everyone kind of has one.
And it was just a,
it was like the best thing they could have done.
And then they got right into it.
And I like how they're going to go with go, Knights, go as their chance.
So similar to the L.A. Kings and go, Kings, go.
But there was just so much going on.
And then they come out flying.
Hey, I  that was the biggest lock of the year, by the way.
I had them every which way.
I was like, they are going to steam roll this team because it just seemed like it was
so fired up in there. And it ended up
being just an unreal home opener for them. And that
team is like, you know, I looked
so bad. I said they were going to struggle scoring
goals that night at work. Then they go out and
got four in like three minutes. And I was like,
oh, Jesus, I don't know why I'm getting
paid to do this. But they're surprising me right
now. I actually, I had them
small for 100 to make 240
on the puck line, but
I definitely would have thrown more. The only thing that
sucks is like, you know, sometimes when
the game's listed as like a 10-0-5 start,
a lot of the offshores take them off
even if they're still doing pregame stuff
still because they think that's when the game started.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah, dude, it's
a lot. I don't know.
I mean, you might still be able to call it in,
but nobody calls it in anymore.
You know what I mean?
Like, you know, if you go to your site, they see that as the start time.
So a lot of people might have got shut out.
But, yeah, it was incredible.
That place was so pumped up.
And I think also the Coyotes, we've got to give them, you know,
props, too, for taking part in it, for being participants.
And also at the end of the game, I don't know if you caught,
which, you know, the Golden Knights come out and they salute the crowd,
but the Coyotes did as well, which you'd never see in a road game.
They come out and did the same thing, which I thought was just a magnificent gesture.
Again, we always talk about how good hockey is and stuff like that,
but it was just like, wow, man, you never see the road team come out and do that.
So it was a great game to do.
Marc-Andre Fleury, man, I mean, he's the story.
Yeah, he's amazing.
The game that they won in, I think it was Dallas.
I don't know.
One of the first two games they won, he stood on his head.
He was incredible.
And then we talked to George McPhee on an interview at NHL Network,
and he just said, like, I knew this guy was good,
but I didn't understand how special of a person he is.
And that's what I've always been talking about, how he's like,
everyone loves him.
He's the nicest guy in the world, and he works so hard.
And so his teammates love him, and all the trainers and the staff,
he treats like so well.
So right away, like McPhee was saying that this guy's like, you know,
we want the face of our franchise to be our logo, he said,
but it's so hard for it not to be Fleury just because of how charismatic
and how good he is.
Yeah, exactly.
He's been outstanding out of the gate.
James Neal, again, I think he's got five goals in a few games.
It's been a wonderful story.
The real deal.
Hey, the real deal James Neal.
Did you see Pierre calling him big deal, James Neal?
Oh, my God.
I'm glad I didn't.
I'm glad I'm hearing it from you for the first time.
Because Commodore is always the one tweeting the real deal, James Neal.
And then Pierre was going off on big deal, James Neal.
And Commie was going nuts.
But he's like, Jesus Christ, Pierre, get it fucking right.
Oh, that's hilarious.
Unless he's fucking unless he's cocking fucking Commie and he knows what he calls him. Yeah, that would actually make it fucking right. Oh, that's hilarious. Unless he's fucking, unless he's cucking fucking Commodore. He knows what he calls him.
Yeah, that would actually make it even better.
If he was like, actually, I'm owning you.
I'm owning you right now, Commodore.
But, you know, I mean, 3-0 for the expansion team.
It's already a record.
It would be a story even, you know, without the tragedy that happened in Vegas.
But the fact that, you know, they're giving them something to, you know, like I said, distract them at this time.
It's a nice addition to their story.
Now, you know, but Vegas isn't the only team that's coming out of the gate hot.
Toronto, I think some of us maybe expected it,
but how about the New Jersey Devils 3-0 out of the gate?
I know, and they look really, really good, actually,
because it's funny.
That John Hines, he played at BU, and he's a grad assistant at BU.
He coached the U.S.
National Program. Then he was
Pittsburgh's
Wilkes-Barre
head coach. Now he's up
and he's doing an excellent job in the NHL with
young guys. He gets them fired up to play.
I've known him for a long time.
It's no surprise. They also have some guys
that have come in like, man, this
Will Butcher's legit. He can move the puck. that's someone that's just like if you can get that
one defenseman two guys three guys that you can just get the puck up ice quick nowadays
the forwards love it so much they do have some skill up front taylor hall this nico he sure
looks real good so it's it's no it's not i'm not gonna say it's no surprise because it is but
also when you get some puck movers, it just changes everything.
And then Corey Schneider never gets the respect he deserves.
He's actually one of the top goalies in the league, I think.
He's just had teams that aren't great in front of him.
Exactly.
I took the words out of my mouth once again.
Corey Schneider, bonafide number one, great goaltender.
So that's always the biggest piece of a puzzle for a team,
and they have it there. So then it's just kind of a matter of building around him.
They got Halsey down there. They just brought Heischer, and they have it there. So then it's just kind of a matter of building around him. They got Halsey down there.
They just brought Heischer, and they got a lot of good young talent.
I mean, again, it's early.
We'll emphasize that.
It's three games in.
Teams can win three games and then go on a dump after that.
Another team, they're a good team.
It's not, I don't know.
Hold on, hold on.
Quick, quick, quick.
I had a little stat for you.
Oh, go ahead.
Shoot, shoot.
Will Butcher.
He had five assists
in his first three games.
Most by any player in
his first three games since 2006
when who had
six assists in their first three games?
2005?
15? Six? Oh, Jesus.
You want me to tell you? Yeah, I might.
Ryan Daniel Whitney.
Myself.
Not a big deal.
Wait, what year did you say?
2006.
Oh, six.
Oh, I thought you said fucking 16.
Oh, if I said I heard six.
Come on, I'm deaf as a haddock, man.
Ah! Dude, fine.
So you know, Jeff Merrick, Jeff Merrick texted me that and I was like, oh, yes, I'm using
that on a fit chick.
It's popping my tires.
So no, honestly, like how do you know when you start a year that hot, you feel like you're
at the top of the world, like, you know, you can't and like nothing can knock you down.
How are you feeling early in the year when you start off like that yeah i i wasn't i was sent down for
the first like five games of the year six games of the year so then i pittsburgh like was lost all
of them and i got called up and then i just went on fire and i remember rick jackman um he was a
former fifth overall pick too uh he played in pittsburgh with me and he's like it ain't this fucking easy kid and it's so true like he's just like what the fuck this kid doing it ain't that easy
but and he was just he was making and making me making it known that i knew like hey this is
gonna end don't get too uh don't get too big over there but i was fucking feeling unreal
now and how you know how long does that take to go away? Is it like a couple
giveaways in a night? Is it a couple bad games in a
row, and then you start questioning yourself?
Shit, I don't fucking belong here. How long does, like,
what's that process like?
I don't know. It's like, you know, once you
have your first, like, real bad game,
you're like, oh, geez, that was a one-off. I'll be fine.
And then the next game, you might not play well either.
You're like, oh, fuck. Like,
I gotta wake up here. This is not as easy as I thought it was going to be.
Huh.
Nice.
Interesting.
All right.
Although some of the kids now never really go through that.
They just come in and just dominate.
Like, you see with all these young guys.
And, like, Matthews, these guys are the best players in the league now.
And it's taken them a year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's fucking insane.
I mean, obviously, you need to have that high level of talent, but
it would, like, we're seeing it out of, you know,
Matthews and McDavid and Line A, and like
you mentioned, Eel is last week on the show, and
he went out and had, he stole the show from those
two the other night. It was in that Jets-Oilers
game. Yeah, that Eel
is just, he's nasty, and that's
a pretty good deal. I think it was like 6 million a
year for seven years or something. Yeah,
he is fucking nasty. Another team,
I mean, they're a playoff team. They got to the second round
last year. It's no surprise,
I guess, that they're 4-0, but only
because they had so many
fucking injuries. The St. Louis Blues,
man, their preseason was like
a mash unit, ask a millennial.
You know, there was, like,
like you said, they lost Fabry, which is a
boomies that broke his foot. I mean, they lost sory. What's his name? Broke Boone. He still broke his foot.
I mean, they lost so many players.
Steen.
Steen.
Steen is another one.
So many starters.
They even said, if we have to lose another defenseman,
we're not sure what we're going to do here.
And they come out 4-0 out of the gate.
And, you know, again, I always go back to the goaltending, man.
They've gotten great goaltending out of Jake Allen.
But they're playing great, too.
They're scoring goals.
They did blow one on Long Island the other day and a puck line cover.
Kind of a big deal.
Oh, that's the worst.
That's the worst.
Fuck me.
Yeah, but how about that Dallas puck line cover when Green turned it over
with like three seconds left?
Oh, my God.
Did you see that?
Obviously, you did.
Yeah.
Did you have that game?
I did.
I gave it out, and then I might have had it on one of my smaller ARs.
I have fucking  the board spread pretty much every night.
I think I might have had a small AR on it because I told people to bet them.
But, yeah, Green muffs the fucking clear, like almost like he did it on purpose,
and then they set up for the  like that's a gift.
Like if I hit that puck line, I wouldn't probably bet the next night
just because, like, I shouldn't have won that bet, you know? Yeah, hit that puck line, I wouldn't probably bet the next night just because I shouldn't have won that bet.
Yeah, I know.
That was unreal.
And he just didn't even  it was so little time.
You know what I mean? It was like four seconds when he had it, I think.
And it was just like if you're walking that game, you're like,
oh, my God, they got it.
Yeah, it's crazy, man.
I always say you live by it, you die by it.
Because, you know, like St. Louis the other day, they were up 2-0 with three minutes left,
and 2-1, Islanders pull a goalie, and it's 2-2.
Bing, just like that.
It always goes this way or that way.
How about Ovechkin coming out this hot?
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
What did he get?
He got seven in his first two, right?
Yeah, seven in his first two.
He also, like, I guess, like, people were saying he's, like,
lost a little weight this summer.
He's, like, quicker.
And he signed with CCM, which, like, his two biggest years in the league,
he had, he was using a CCM stick his two biggest goal years.
And then he was with Bauer the last six years.
Now he's back to CCM.
So it's crazy to see, like, you know,
you're not going to say it's the change in equipment,
but, like, if he's had his two biggest years with CCM,
he gets back this year and starts lighting it up early.
I'm like, oh, my God,
is Obi going to have one of those, like, 55-goal years?
I looked at his stats the other day.
It's actually incredible to look at.
Like, he's got a couple  his down years are, like, 33-ish goals,
and then every other year is, like like 50 to 65 that one year.
Yeah, his question right now, is he going to be like the next Mike Gartner, you know,
scores a shitload of goals but unfortunately never won a cup.
That's basically where Ovechkin's legacy is.
Mike Gartner wasn't on the 94 Rangers?
Up until the trade deadline.
And I believe he was in the B. Noonan trade, if I'm not mistaken.
I'm pretty sure Gartner went to Chicago for Brian Noonan.
There were some other principals involved as well.
But I know he definitely
I think Amante was in that trade, wasn't he?
That's how Tony Amante went from the Rangers to the Blackhawks.
I'm sorry, Amante.
I'm sorry.
I got my local guys screwed up.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, it was because the Rangers drafted Amante. Yeah, that's who. Yeah, it was because the Rangers drafted a Monty.
That's who it was.
But Gartner definitely got traded.
He definitely did not win a cup because he scored 700.
I think he broke 700 if I'm not mistaken.
Definitely 600.
He might have been one of those 700 guys.
I've got to check.
I'm still fucking shaking the cobwebs out.
Another team, dude.
Wow.
I didn't know he never won the cup.
That's crazy.
He definitely didn't.
Another team, well, we've seen him twice in the last two nights here in Boston,
or the last three days, rather.
Colorado Avalanche, they've come out four games.
They've won three of them.
They were the team at the bottom of the league last year.
And I think people forgot, you know, I was at the game with Buddy Sully the other day
and looked at the roster before the game, and I said,
this is a good fucking team.
You know, look at all this talent.
They've got a front, Lando Skog, McKinnon.
I said, you know, and they got a number one goalie.
Like, how are they so bad?
And, you know, they went out and played, and they actually look pretty impressive.
I mean, I know the Bruins are starting a lot of rookies right now,
but, I mean, Colorado fucking looks good.
It's really, they did the same thing to the Rangers.
Yeah, Yakupov, too.
Yeah, I know.
Yakupov, like, man, I'm telling you, in you in edmonton i couldn't believe and other guys
would never say it say it but like i was like this kid is not like a first overall pick and he just
had like some great skill but he would just kind of hop around the ice and like look really good
kind of not accomplishing much and then like it didn't really work out in edmonton although he
you know he'd go out and score some goals, like, in the power play.
He has an unreal shot, but, like,
he'd kind of make, like, bonehead plays,
and then, so, like, you know,
that's a form of first overall pitch.
He ended up kind of, like, never really playing well
in the NHL, which is the route he looked to be going on,
but then this year, he's getting this chance in Colorado.
He started off hot.
I mean, a couple of them were, like, empty netters, I think,
but still, I mean, if they could if they could get a guy like Dexter,
say he could go get 30 goals. He was the first
overall pick. It's in there.
It's just about if he could figure it out.
That could be a huge help for Colorado.
I don't
think their D's not
great, but they're not as bad
as they were last year.
I will say, I don't know if the Bruins
are really going to
struggle they look good against nashville with those two games against colorado i watched they
were they were they just look horrible they need bergeron back so you gotta wait for that
but um but in terms of colorado that kid tyson joe steve nasty he played in north dakota
stutter he played on uh team canada like world juniors he was really really good that kid the
first round pick he's well he looks like he's ready to play.
Shocker, like every other nasty young kid.
Then Colin Wilson on your fourth line, he had some good years in Nashville.
And that kid, Alexander Kerfoot, I think that's how you say his last name.
He's played at Harvard last year.
Picked his team we wanted to sign with.
Goes to Colorado definitely because they're saying, listen, you know,
if the Blues or I'm just throwing out random teams, Capitals,
these good teams are looking at you.
We got room.
You're going to play for us.
You know, they're not guaranteeing you a spot, but they're telling you,
you got a way better chance to play here and be an impact player.
So he goes to Colorado.
He's helped.
He scored last night or the night before that.
So, yeah, I mean, it wouldn't be that surprising if they bounce back.
And to piggyback on Yakupov, you know, I wrote my blog a little while ago.
It's like, you know, he almost was kind of drifting toward that, you know,
Alexander Dagg territory, the number one overall pick.
Edmonton was all down with him.
St. Louis had no use for him.
And he signed, I'm pretty sure, 875 is the NHL veteran minimum.
And that's what he's playing for in Colorado.
And, you know, if he can keep up this play,
then he may be one of the better bargains in the NHL.
I know it's like, again, four games in, but, you know,
early returns have been pretty good for what the Blues are paying for so far.
And another note, Steve Duchesne, we haven't been  Steve Duchesne,
I call him fucking Steve Duchesne again.
Matt Duchesne.
Oh, I thought you were just saying that kidding.
No, it's funny.
You actually did it again.
Yeah, no, it's funny.
And it's funny. I actually wrote in the blog, I wrote Matt, just saying that kidding. No, it's funny. You actually did it again. Yeah, no, it's funny. And it's funny.
I actually wrote in the blog, I wrote Matt, not Steve Duchesne.
I just wrote that literally an hour ago.
But we haven't heard a lot of that trade chatter anymore.
I mean, it's funny how kind of winning makes that go away, huh, Wits?
Yeah, I mean, I think more than anything, it's just people are sick of talking about it.
I mean, there's not much left to report in terms of...
There's nothing happening. When it gets traded, it'll get traded.
Yeah, somebody will get the scoop first, but
I don't know if you saw what
Peter Forsberg came out and said.
Did you see all that? Yeah, I saw that.
Yeah, so he said
he came out and he was just saying
listen, you gotta just trade him
or bench him. Put him in the stands
basically. The guy... This is all translated from Swedish, and you also don't trade him or bench him. Put him in the stands, basically. The guy, and this is all translated from Swedish,
and you also don't even know the question that was asked to him
to get the answer.
So it's really kind of like you don't know what's going on,
and the translation could be fucked up.
But he was like, you know, he basically made it sound like he's not willing
to win, he doesn't want to play for the team, so don't play him anymore.
And then it came out Forsberg called Duchesne.
They, like, knew each other to begin with. I don't think Forsberg was kind of bad-mouthing Duchesne
I think he was just giving his opinion on you know what how he thinks the the whole thing could
get solved but I mean it's just kind of a mess because what do you do not play him he's one of
your best players it's like you can't just sit him out especially if you do still want to trade him
and he's still reminding you he wants to be traded.
All right, well, you've got to play, and you've got to play good.
That's just kind of where it's at now.
There's not much else to be said about it.
Yeah, I mean, it's just a typical old  I mean, Forsberg's not an old guy player,
but he's a retired player, given his opinion.
That's kind of, you know, basically irrelevant to what the team's doing because, yeah, you only sit a guy if the trade is pending.
That's like you don't sit a guy just to punish him and hurt the team
and hurt his value.
You obviously  you know, I mean, like Colorado,
they're playing well right now, and he's contributing.
So just keep fucking going along.
And who knows, if they think they have something, they could decide,
you know, he might get happy.
Stranger things have happened, certainly, in the NHL, you know?
Yeah, exactly.
That's so true.
On the flip side, teams that have come out disappointing,
you just mentioned the Bruins, so we'll follow with them.
Yeah, it's been a rough ride for them.
They look good opening night.
They beat Nashville, who struggled in their first few games.
But the last two, Colorado come in Monday, dummy them 4-0,
beat them 6-3 last night, two empty netters.
It's got to be noted.
Bruins didn't wake up until late in the third period.
Like you just said, they're missing Bergeron ridiculously
just for all the reasons that Bergeron, all the things he brings to you.
And also, you know, they've got, I think, four or five rookies in the lineup right now.
And I think that's really showing.
And the other thing is, Tuukka Rask isn't playing his best hockey either.
So what do you think, Wits?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know i mean i just i would say
that they're gonna need really good goaltending all year i think you know you know we've always
made it clear that i love like tuka the way he plays but yeah right now i mean i'm sure he because
you've seen a couple goals go in where right away like you know hammers just stick to the ice and
you can see he's like i should have had that one. So, I mean, that's going to happen.
And like you said, with the rookies, I mean, they're just,
they'll have rookie mistakes and stuff, but they just,
it seems like they're not creating much and like,
or not even not creating much,
but just like kind of half asleep to start games, you know,
like the game at home was a one o'clock game against Colorado and they just
came out like kind of asleep and Colorado played really well.
And so like, then, you know,
you go to the next game and you're in Colorado and they're obviously like fired up to be home and you know you lose
another one so it's more about the rest of this road you know the rest of their games on the road
they have to you know get a win and kind of get everything back on track and get guys more relaxed
because you know people start panicking when you start out one and three one and four one and five
all you know and then all of a sudden they're making big changes.
Yeah, and you'll look, they've got Arizona coming up Saturday,
who hasn't won yet.
They're coming off, I'm not sure if they play between now and Saturday,
but they've yet to win.
And then they're in Vegas Sunday night.
We've talked about Vegas, what kind of high they're on right now.
So it's not like they've got a couple cakewalks lined up either.
When you might have looked at the schedule, oh, yeah,
Coyotes and the new expansion team.
But, you know, there's suddenly going to be a couple tough games on the docket for the B.
So it's going to be interesting.
Oh, by the way, shout out to my old man.
He's going to be in Vegas for the game.
He'll have the spit and chiclets shirt on.
So you don't have to buy me.
He's going out there for it?
Yeah, well, he goes to Vegas every October anyways.
But he coincided this particular trip with the Bruins game.
So he'd be able to go to the Bruins game while he's out there.
Yeah, I got his tickets and shit, so he's pretty fired up.
He'll have his chicklet shirt on, so if you're at the game on Sunday. When is Bergeron and Bacchus back?
I'm sorry, Bacchus is out for at least two to three weeks with a diverticulitis.
Bergeron, they're still calling day-to-day,
but he's only skating a little bit before practice.
Of course, they haven't said what it is,
so it's obviously lower body, something from his fucking leg down.
But I don't know.
No one really seems to know when he's coming back or what the problem is.
And, of course, when he does come back, it's not going to be cured 100,
so he's still going to probably have an issue, too, when he does return.
Yeah.
Hey, how about after we talked about rule changes a couple episodes ago,
did you see the Flyers get buried on Haxville's challenge in Nashville?
Oh, yeah, because I had fucking Nashville in the puck line that night, so unfortunately I do.
I couldn't believe, like, you know, you got this thing now where if you challenge this offside,
then it's wrong.
You get a penalty.
So you're on the road.
You're up a goal.
Like, you're up two goals.
Sorry.
And then, were they up one or two when they scored that he challenged it?
I honestly forget that because I know Philly was up 5-3.
And then I think it was 5-4 when he challenged because then, you know,
there was a fucking flurry of goals.
Yeah, yeah.
So, I mean, you know, Philly goes from, like, winning a good,
solid road win at a team's home opener to not even getting a point
in the span of, like, one minute.
So, I kind of love that rule now because it puts so much, like, pressure and emphasis on not only the coach but the video guy in the span of like one minute. So I kind of love that rule now because it puts so much like pressure and
emphasis on not only the coach, but the video guy in the back,
he's got to be like a hundred percent sure that it's a,
it's off size and they weren't there.
It wasn't even close really.
Philippe Forsberg dragged his foot.
And then all of a sudden you're like, Oh my God,
they got another power play.
We're going to lose this game.
So that was just pretty crazy to see that.
Yeah.
That won't be the only time that happens this year with that rule.
It was such a cock tease, too, if you had
the Nashville and the puck line, because they were up 3-0
early, then they're down 5-3. Now they're tied.
Now they get a 5-on-3 with two minutes
left. You know, like, you've got a perfect
opportunity to actually get this puck line cover
being down 5-3 with, like, six minutes left
in the game, and they couldn't pull it off.
So, fuck. Been a rough one.
I'm sorry to remind you. That's all nah shit happened san jose um another oh because you know that's tough though i mean
they're all in two they've only played two games due to whatever schedule and quirks i uh they just
haven't you know caught up to other teams but uh you know they haven't looked great either martin
jones i seen um one of the games he played he played great in the third period, but he sucked early in the game,
and that's when they gave the lead up.
But San Jose, what do you think?
I think their team, they'll probably get it going.
They're going to miss Patty Mallow a bit,
but there's still a lot of solid talent there.
Jones is a number one.
I don't think they're going to be at the bottom of the NHL
for too much longer.
No, I mean, I think that they'll figure it out.
It's just so that teams all of a sudden they
have these little like they have years when they're just in the hunt and it's been a long
time for San Jose forever you said they couldn't even win a round or win two rounds but then finally
you know they got to the cup finals but it's just kind of now like they are they are bringing in
some younger guys they're trying to change the whole culture there Marlowe's gone Thornton's
still there playing big minutes but like he's you know he's like 40 or  he's not 40, but he's getting up there.
I think he's 39.
But actually, Grinnelli, how old is he?
Can you look that up?
Yeah.
Grinnelli's getting older.
But, yeah, so he's getting older.
But they also have talented guys.
That Bob Kerr that they signed not this year, the summer before,
if they could get the game out of him,
the way he played in Phoenix last year, he really started slow.
He ended up playing a little better as the year went on.
But Logan Couture's a really good player, top two-line center.
And, you know, they got these other guys that they're just going to need
to see what they got from younger players.
I mean, Don Scully's not young, but he's had a little success,
especially in the playoffs in that run two years ago.
So it's all about his guys.
How old is he?
He's 38, Whit.
Yeah, okay, so 38.
But still, how many 38-year-olds are playing?
Never mind.
How about Yager?
Did you see how he looked last night when he played?
Or Wednesday night, excuse me?
I didn't catch any.
I think he played 13 and a half minutes.
I didn't catch any of the Calgary game last night,
so I can't attest to that.
Yeah, it was a late one,
and he was just kind of slugging around out there,
Yogg style.
What did you guys think of Carolina,
second home game of the year,
and they had like 6,000 people in the crowd?
I mean, is it time to move that team out of there?
Well, it's up to the owners, you know.
It's like, I know there's been Camanos and the Suns,
and people don't know who wants to take ownership, but, I mean, as long as the owners. You know, it's like I know there's been Camarnos and the Suns and people don't know who wants to take ownership.
But, I mean, as long as the owners keep it there,
the NHL really can't force them to move it.
I mean, they could start to make things happen that aren't conducive
to them owning a hockey team there anymore.
But, yeah, I think they should move probably because when you're drawing 7,000,
I mean, they announced attendance was 7,800.
So that means there were probably fucking 5,000 people in the building. And if that's the case in three games in the season, that's just
not an area that's taken to hockey much. And it's understandable where the location is.
Quebec has a brand new shiny building waiting for a tenant. I know the NHL would much rather have
a guy pay 500 million for an expansion fee. But the thing is, there's 31 teams already.
You're really only going to add one more expansion team they should probably do it in the west perhaps probably seattle maybe kansas city
and then whoever buys or owns carolina should just move into quebec it'll it'll and eventually when
they add a team out west the conferences will be aligned you won't have a team drawing five grand
the night and you'll have a big team back in quebec what do you say, Wits? I mean, that sounds ideal. I'm 100 with the team
back in Quebec. I wonder
if the Panthers could end up moving too
someday. It's like, that's the same type
thing as Carolina. The thing with Carolina
before, like, they're good this
year. Like, they're fun to watch. They have these young
players that, like, they're, we talked about them before
the year. They're like a fun team to watch. Shemer
they'll end up. And they got Scott Darling.
Like, he's, you know, he's going to be
an upgrade for them over Cam Ward.
So, it's exciting. And there's still
nobody going. Like, I mean, there's 7,000
people. And that's the announced crowd.
So, you know there's less than that. That's
an ounce of the tickets sold. So, you
know that there's less than 7,000 actually
in the arena.
Yeah, exactly. It's, you know, even
as a team, as a business, you know, it's even as a team, as a business,
you know,
that's,
that's,
you know,
people,
12,000 people who aren't in there spending money on hot dogs and drinks and
beers and all that shit.
So,
you know,
as,
as,
but,
but listen,
Hey,
about,
about Quebec though.
Sorry.
I didn't,
I just forgot to say quick.
I don't know.
Like if the Canadian dollars is like similar to the way it is now,
I don't know if it would ever work with a team in Quebec.
Yeah.
That's when we need Bastl chief.
He's Bastl's Canadian market expert as far as converting the dollar.
So, yeah, that's a good point, too.
Oh, we'll have him on then.
We've got to ask him.
Yeah, we've actually been meaning to have chief on,
but he keeps getting bumped by NHL players to be direct,
and he doesn't take it personally because he knows.
Hey, the new guy was the guy, I think it's the guy who owns the Houston Rockets.
He's like, we'll have a hockey team down here.
We want a hockey team down here.
We'd love it.
Yeah, that would be good, too.
I mean, if they think they can support a team in Houston,
it's obviously a major city.
I mean, they do get the stars in Dallas, but that's a big city far away.
I mean, Texas do get the stars in Dallas, but that's a big city far away. I mean, Texas is fucking gigantic.
Seattle seems
like it's a really
not done deal, but there'll be a team
in Seattle, I feel like.
It feels like the machinations are
in order right now. Things are going to happen.
One other team we're going to shit on before
we go to All Right Hamilton, and I'm going to
have fun doing this. The Montreal Canadiens
1-3 out of the gate.
I believe they've scored two 5-1-5 goals in four games so far.
Them and the Rangers had a game Sunday night.
One of these teams is going to really hear it Monday morning,
and it turned out the Canadiens, I don't know,
they're probably, I don't know, are they going to turn around?
They got Claude there. He's a defensive coach.
It's a crowd that loves high-flying scoring.
Claude isn't about that. He's a defensive coach. It's a crowd that loves high-flying scoring.
Claude isn't about that.
He's defense and goaltending.
It almost looks like he's kind of using the same playbook he used with the Bruins six, seven, eight years ago, and now he's trying it in Montreal.
And right now it doesn't seem to be working all that good for him.
No, it doesn't.
It's a weird time up there.
I mean, it's like you wonder like Galchenyuk.
Remember Galchenyuk two years ago?
He had like 32 goals or something like that.
He was unreal.
All the skill in the world, big, strong, fast, like can play center,
was playing wing.
And then like last year he had an off year,
and then this year he hasn't scored yet.
He's just struggled to like kind of find his role there.
I don't know.
Now, Druin's looked good.
He was their big pickup in the summer.
He's looked good. But, I mean, the D, like they don't know. Now, Druin's looked good. He was their big pickup in the summer. He's looked good.
But, I mean, the D, like, they don't
it's like they missed Markov, I think.
Andre Markov, I mean, he's back in the KHL.
They didn't want to re-sign him, or I don't know what
ended up happening there, but he's back playing
in the KHL, and he's an
unreal passer. The puck, he's not that fleet
of foot anymore, but it's like he didn't really need to be,
especially on the power play.
The power play's been garbage. You know, you look
at the Shea Weber-Subban trade.
Shea Weber's still, you know, a really, really,
really good player, but
I mean, I was wondering, two years, Subban looks great.
He's flying around.
It's such a weird trade that's been talked about over
and over. At this point, it's
more about what they have, and it seems that
Julian's doing the same thing, like you said,
like with the style, you know, grinding it down low,
throwing it back to the point.
There's not much off the rush.
And if that continues to go on there, that could be ugly.
By the way, didn't he have a five-year deal for 25 million?
He signed definitely a five-year deal.
I don't know if it was 20.
It was really good money they gave him, yeah.
And there's no way he's going to last that long in Montreal
with his style, the way things are meshing in.
Another name to add, they lost Radulov.
Imagine if they didn't have Price.
Yeah, oh, he's the only thing that keeps them afloat.
I mean, right now, he's the only reason they're even being competitive in games.
And like I just said, Radulov's another guy they lost who went to Dallas, I believe.
Yeah, yeah, that's a good point. Probably one I just said, Radulov's another guy they lost who went to Dallas, I believe. Yeah, yeah.
That's a good point.
Probably one of their top highly skilled guys.
So, all right, that's a little roundup about who's doing what
and who's going up and down.
It's still early.
You know, we're not making any fucking proclamations here,
just taking notes.
And, all right, these guys are surprising us.
These guys are disappointing us.
Hold on.
Next week when we record, want to throw a little bet in?
I got the Devils will still be undefeated.
You got the Vegas Knights?
Sure.
Fuck it.
Yeah, what are we betting?
You degenerates.
Hey, we'll just, we'll talk about that when we're here.
Yeah, all right.
Send me a DM.
That's disgusting. All right. All right, let's play a DM. That's disgusting.
All right.
All right, let's play a little fucking All Right, Hamilton.
We got a shitload of questions last night.
We've been getting some good ones.
It's been nice so far.
Fire it away, Grinnells.
All right, gentlemen.
Mike DeFonzio asks...
Hey, Mikey.
Mikey asks, ultimate shootout lineup.
All right, Hamilton.
Shootup.
Whoa.
I'll take John Travolta
and Pulp Fiction,
Al Pacino
and the Panic!
and Needle Park.
That's asked
by a guy,
Defonzeo, too?
Yeah, no,
he asked,
yeah, the shoot-out lineup.
Who was your ultimate
shoot-out lineup?
Oh.
All-time?
Any comment
or all-time?
He just asked
who was your ultimate
shoot-out lineup.
I'll let you guys
be the judge of that.
To me, ultimate
means all-time.
Yeah, so do all-time.
Yeah, I'm going to go
fucking, you know,
obviously Gretzky, I'll fucking start
with. Lemieux, I mean, probably
the best hands out. Wow, you're, okay,
so I went, I'm totally the opposite.
My number one's that dude,
100. Definitely.
Wayne Gretzky,
remember he didn't even shoot in the shootout
in the Olympics in Nagano against Czech Republic
he was on the bench for that shootout, that was a huge
fumble, they lost, Hasik shut him
out, or shut him out
in the shootout, but yeah I'm more thinking
when you said shootout, I'm not, for some
reason I immediately started thinking from when the
shootout came into play, I wasn't even really thinking of
like older school players
I've seen the word ultimate
so I take that
to be like all encompassing maybe i'm taking a little creative liberty all encompassing of the
history of the national hockey league i like it but we just never saw them in shootouts we don't
know i got that suit i got uh oh she's unreal he's the leader right now in career percentage he's 54
percent career um which is unreal.
If you think about every other time,
pretty much,
you score a goal,
that's incredible.
The goalie's at the advantage
on those shootouts.
And for my third,
I'll...
Actually, this works out good.
You're doing the current players,
and I'm doing the fucking
old school players,
so that works out good.
For my third,
I'll put Denny Savard
in my number three slot
for the shootout.
He had some fucking nasty hands.
We could do a spinorama on the goalie.
Fucking right, brother.
All right, what do we got next?
You got one more, Wits?
I got one more.
Yeah, you said Datsoup.
I said Datsoup, Oshie.
I'll go Yusuke Okunin.
Yusuke Okunin.
Do you remember
how nasty he was
for a lot of years
he'd do that
he'd bring it down
to the right side
to the left
he'd go backhand
back to forehand
quick snapshot
low blocker
and it worked
every time
I'm surprised
you didn't go
Marek Malik
oh
remember that guy
he was like a
fucking
giraffe out there
remember he was like
raising the roof
after
we gotta get the clip in doing the most awkward stuff.
He's like, yeah.
I imagined like the guy from Star Wars doing it.
It's like fucking Arsenio Hall up in this bitch.
So kind of piggybacking on that last one, Derek G.
asks, what is your favorite shootout or breakaway goal of all time?
All right, Hamilton.
Oof, that's a fun one.
Wow, that's a good one.
That's a good question.
I can say mine right off the bat, and I would say it's Datsouk's goal.
Like the Datsouk when he does the almost backhand toe drag
and then puts it upstairs.
Yeah, I think it was Marty Turco in the black Dallas uniform he had,
and he literally fell over.
I'm going to think one of my favorite breakaway goals that comes to mind right away
was the 97 final with Darren McCarty come down.
I don't know if it was the eventual game winner or if it just sealed the cup,
but I think they swept Philly that year. Darren McCarty come down on I don't know if it was the eventual game winner or if it just sealed the cup, but it was, they swept.
I think they swept Philly that year.
Darren McCarty come down on a breakaway.
Now he's a,
he walked the D man.
Yeah.
He,
we got fucking the end fucking beat fucking,
um,
was it still heck?
I think it was still heck stall in that,
that the time.
And he basically put the game out of reach back then.
I mean,
back then,
no teams didn't come back from two,
three goals down back in 96,
97.
He basically sealed the cup and it was great to see a grinder,
third-line guy, a hot-and-soul guy go out.
So that's a memorable playoff one.
And then for a regular season one wits, remember that fucking Neely breakaway?
I think it was on Quebec.
I don't know if it was Stephon Fassett.
And he'd come in, and he just did that boom, dip, like back, left, back,
like back and forth, and he went backhand upstairs.
I can't even describe it.
He just fucking  because Neely was a sniper.
You're pitching him at the circles, blasting fucking rippers.
But he came in, and he just fucking deked the goalie seven times and went upstairs on him.
We'll dig that bad boy out, too.
I thought you'd say this, Sean Thornton.
Mikey, Mikey, you have to get the clip of that goal, and as it's happening, have R.A.
doing it.
Beep, bop, boop, bop, back, forth, back, forth.
So we can see, like, his description of the goal if he was doing it.
That was a perfect analogy.
R2D2 does fucking NHL.
Hey, so you know who...
You know what breakaway goal I always remember from Don Cherry,
like Rock'em Sock'em videos,
is the Pavel Bure 94 in double overtime against calgary in calgary he was on
vancouver when the vancouver had the black and yellow and he fucking scored and then he windmilled
his stick over his head fuck it was like a fucking lasso and he just went firing into the glass so
it was crazy you know vancouver calgary double overtime game seven beret was so exciting like
i feel like he's somebody that doesn't get talked about enough just because
he played when there really wasn't the internet age.
And like,
he's kind of,
you know,
back in Russia or,
you know,
no,
you don't hear from him about him much,
but he was incredible.
He's a dead ring of a fucking Italian porn star.
Rocco Soffredi as well.
If you didn't know that.
Oh,
can I say that?
Actually,
I got a,
I got a kind of a story from the 94 cup.
Should I tell it? Sure. All right. I was, I got a story from the 94 Cup. Should I tell it?
Sure.
I was 22 during the 94 Stanley Cup.
And I worked back then.
I was in college.
I worked at my uncle and aunt's family-owned video store during the summers and shit.
Help out when I was home on break.
They were like the high school-age girls that worked there.
I was interacting with them all the time.
So one of them wanted me to go to the prom. And I was like, dude, I'm 22 years old. My uncle's like, you know, high school age girls that work there. You know, I was interacting with them all the time. So one of them wanted me to go to the prom and I was like, dude, I'm 22 years old.
My uncle's like, Brian, come on.
He's like, can you do me a favor?
He goes, I'll give you extra hours to work to help pay for it.
He goes, it would be a favor to me.
He's like, she's a good kid.
I goes, dude, I'm not like hooking up with her all night.
He's like, no, no, not like that.
She just needs an escort.
So I go to the prom, you know, a little older than most of the crew there.
So I walk in.
It was like game three or four of the 94 Cup that year.
The Cup that year was the Rangers versus the Vancouver Canucks because Pavel Baret played for them.
So I walk in, and, you know, it was all fucking students standing around.
Actually, it's a prom.
And I see fucking Bob Norton, the Nessun commentator.
He's the principal of the school I'm at.
It was whooping high like 23 years ago.
The guy who announces like...
Dude, remember Bob Norton would just be like,
Ryan Wayne from Claire Academy played for Jack Foley when he'd be announcing all the high school games?
Yeah, he was the guy who did high school and college games.
The college games?
Yes.
Bob Norton, what a legend.
Unbeknownst to me, he was also the fucking principal of the school prom I was going to
a little past my expiration date.
And I walk in
and there's all...
How old were you?
22?
I was 22.
Yeah, that's, you know, 22.
22 at a high school prom?
Yeah, dude.
I was taking one for the team.
Holy shit, you fucking...
They're like,
Chris Hansen's like
in the prom bathroom.
He's like, what's this, Steve?
So I walk in, dude, right?
And all those fucking dozens of students at the school.
And I walk in, and I see Bob Norton.
And it was, like I said, game three or four that night.
I'm missing the game for the fucking prom.
And I go, hey, Bob, you got a score in the game?
And every fucking kid stops and looks at me,
because I called the principal by his first name in front of the whole school.
He's like, no. And he goes, oh, I i haven't heard anything yet he just gave me an answer he didn't even like say anything about me calling him bob you were you were a legit character from
fast times at ridgemont high uh no i mean it wasn't like ask a millennial oh that's unreal
oh it's fucking norton dude bob no i, Bob, you got to score in the game.
And fucking horrified students are like, who's this old fuck it up romp?
Bob Norton was amazing.
He'd be like, Brian Yandel carrying the puck up the ice plate for Steve Jacobs at Cushing Academy.
Before that, played for Bill Hanson at Catholic Memorial.
He just described everyone's high school career as they shot the fucking hockey team.
Oh, shit.
I love that guy. A little story time with R.A.
All right, Grinnell, what do we got next?
Oh, I like that one.
Den Deal asks, should NCAA
hockey players get to wear halfies?
All right, Hamilton.
Yes, they 100 should, but the reason
I've always been told it'll never happen is
because then the school has to have all the dental
and extra
health insurance on the players.
That's what I've been told. Does that make sense
to you guys? Yeah, 100.
That's bullshit. Yeah, it's always about
money, so that wouldn't fucking surprise me at all.
Anything that saves people money, it's probably
not even about injuries at that point.
Especially for the schools that don't bring in a ton
of money.
Yeah, exactly.
So it's like I don't  it would be awesome, though.
It would be so much better.
I mean, you know, especially now you go to the World Juniors,
you have one on then when you're playing against the best players in the world.
So I just don't think it will ever happen.
I mean, they should at least be able to warm up with no helmets on.
That's the fucking best part.
The college would be sick for that.
Showing your blow off what you lack thereof.
Yeah, as a goalie, I could kill less because I'm going to have a full mask anyway.
Go ahead.
Final question.
All right.
So Jake Passini asked, what really goes on in an NHL locker room when losing big, i.e.
pens down 5-0 to Hawks after first period?
Oh, that's the worst thing in the world when you're down. i.e. pens down 5-0 to Hawks after first period. All right, Hamilton.
Oh, that's the worst thing in the world when you're down like...
I think Crosby actually had an interview after.
It was 7-0 like halfway through the second period.
It was embarrassing.
You don't even really know how to play.
And then like you just hope that the team will stop scoring.
Chicago just kept going.
They got like three more.
But I mean, those games just suck.
You just want to just get through.
You try to like, every team tries in the third period,
treat this like a new game, you know, like this is, all right,
we're down eight, nothing, but we'll win the third period,
try to carry it over to the next game.
It's kind of like has forever been the way coaches are talking,
and 100 years we'll be saying the same thing and blow out.
So there's not much you can do, though.
If my team's down 5-1 after the first, I say thank God.
You're fighting. You're fighting.
No, I say thank God it's the new NHL.
I could get four in the next period and still cover the puck line.
Iggy.
The Pete Rose Admiral.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, well, that wraps it up for All Right Hamilton.
This week's All Right Hamilton was brought to you by
Us guys
Spittin' Chicklets here at Barstool Sports
Let everybody out there know you're gassin' bears
And chuckin' nocks and supportin' the pod
And supportin' the squad by rockin' our official gear
We got plenty of collars for plenty of teams
And also our special
Not a big deal which is comin' soon
Get our shirts at barstoolsports.com
Slash chicklets
Wraps up this episode.
Wait, wait, no.
There's another one.
There's another one I saw. I saw in the tweets.
Alright, which one?
It was
somebody asked
what college I would have
played at if it wasn't at BU.
Which one?
What experience?
I always wanted to play. It would be sick
to play at Michigan and then go to
Michigan football games. The Osterine is
unreal. Ann Arbor is awesome.
I just wanted to let that
be known. I'm BU
in my heart, but if I had to go
somewhere else, I think it was Michigan because I liked
them so much. Charles Woodson
with the D back there. And the
Heisman Trophy winner. And a little college hockey
talk never hurt nobody. Yeah, exactly.
Especially with Grinelli in the house.
I'm going to actually piggyback on that point.
I hear that common refrain amongst a lot
of my Barstool peers that, oh, I wish
I went to a college with big
football games because they're watching the game.
But honestly, I can honestly say I never really felt
that way because, yeah, that's a fun three hours of the week or whatever and
but like i don't know you're still a fucking small fish in a giant pond i went to a little
fucking scrappy state school it was kind of like a high school but i don't know i mean it was like
at least people knew who you were like i felt like a little bit more at least a medium-sized
fish in a small pond anyways like i don't know i i got no regrets of going to a fucking small
school where i don't know i fucking did no regrets of going to a fucking small school where,
I don't know,
I fucking did it right for myself.
Gives you something to rally behind, though.
No, you were probably
like the school bookie
and you were just
like the big dog.
That's why you loved it so much.
If anyone's listening,
Code Thread, Code Red,
cancel Grinnelly.
Delete, delete, delete.
We'll delete that.
We'll delete that.
Allegedly.
All right, Wits. Another delete that. We'll delete that.
Allegedly.
All right, Wits.
Another fun one.
We'll be in touch.
Enjoy your time down in Sikorkis.
And I'll be, yeah, we'll be back on your couch.
Fuck your couch, motherfucker.
We'll be back on your couch next week.
So I'll see you guys then.
Sounds good, buddy.
Take care.
