Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say a drunken speech is just so the thought.
I like to poke a bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 480 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Bar
You're here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family
How we doing gang? We have a legend returning to the NHL,
a team on a legendary run.
We have Goofy, Dumbo, and Dopey down in Orlando.
Let's go to Goofy for a biz.
Your team is fucking with you.
The island is a huge move.
We got to dive right into it.
Yeah, and we got Tyrone Biggums up in Boston.
Butch Goring is bending me over at this point.
Holy fuck. Hey, listen, ari i know you had the
big movie premiere that we're going to get to and that kind of got bumped back because of all this
crazy news but speaking about movies the nhl at this point with dog has to be fucking scripted
it's a shit this season as i said it's straight out of hollywood the wizard of oz at this point
this is fucking nuts not just the patty wah news but then your oilers adding cory
perry i think we should try to stick on topic my mind's going a million miles an hour let's start
with the patty wah news i don't know if you have anything formal to announce about it ra but this
is just i don't think anybody in the world saw this curveball curveball coming other than who
this janitor that's been dming mer No, I think it was a border worker.
So for people, well, all right, why don't you just go into the actual news break?
Set the table, baby.
Because Merle's is the angriest human alive currently.
Well, Saturday was Hockey Day in Canada.
Well, of course, every day is.
But it was an American team that stole the fucking thunder.
The New York Islanders, they fire Lane Lambert.
Only one and a half seasons.
That's it. They replaced him with the one and only Patrick Waugh.
Hasn't coached in the league in eight years.
He just won the Memorial Cup with the Quebec Grand Pats.
Lou Limerose said it was the only guy he called.
He didn't talk to anybody else.
He just called Patrick Waugh.
And Patrick said he kind of fucked up when he quit the Avalanche.
He acknowledged that.
He tried to make a power move against Sackick, and he wanted more power with the roster and shit.
And that's why he didn't get any calls.
And then he kind of did his penance.
He went back to juniors, and now he got the call for the fuck on the Islanders.
Now he's back.
He went to Jack Adams' first time at Colorado.
Then he was in the playoffs once, and that was it, man.
Biz, this is the hugest story I think all year.
Nobody saw this coming.
We've been talking about Pat Wattery.
He plays in this fucking coach, that coach, whatever.
Like, how much of a shock is this, first of of all and is this going to be able to work i mean
he's got a heavily veteran team he's going from a bunch of young kids to a bunch of old guys
this is fucking fascinating right now this well i'd say the biggest shock is the fact that lou
lamorello listens to the spit and chicklets podcast because not too long ago we had pierre
cedric labrie come on and he was vouching for Paddy Walsh saying that he's really looking for his second opportunity and he's a changed guy it's funny that he did go into it a
little bit as far as talking about the incidents in Colorado where maybe he was trying to step
outside of his boundaries as opposed to coach and figure out what type of personnel to be and now
I think that as a head coach you should always have a say in that type of meeting right like
you're you've been around Stanley Cup winning teams where you know that what personnel is going to be good for you winning in the long run with.
Maybe it was maybe coming in a little too hot off the start.
Well, I think what happened was he went there.
He won the Jack Adams.
They got in the playoffs.
And then the next two seasons, they were horrible.
I think one of the years they were the worst team in the league.
He ends up resigning. Now the resignment, it was was tough it was August like 15th or August 10th so
I mean the season's coming up you got everything planned so the way he went out he's made it
openly clear that that was like the main reason he didn't think he was getting a look for a while
but he was also the vice president of hockey operations in Colorado he wasn't just the head
coach so he had a little bit of a say in things.
And then at some point he oversteps his boundaries and he probably didn't
like where Sackick wanted to take the team.
And all of a sudden that power struggle became such an issue that teams over
the course of the next eight years, when his name possibly got mentioned up,
they're saying, we can't be dealing with that, right?
This is a loud personality.
This is a fiery guy.
It's funny. I don't mind the odd fuck you match match but i don't need them every day in the office i
don't need them every day and i don't need them telling me that i can't play these two defense
and it's like the coaches coach the gms build the roster figure it out from there you said it you
need teamwork you need some stability within but you cannot have a guy and it's too difficult to
coach in the nhl that was another another quote by Roy. He said,
I now have kind of learned what it takes to be a successful coach, how much time,
how much planning and effort. They don't have the time or the ability or the wherewithal to be able to be dealing with other front office things. So I think it's going to work out great.
I really do. I think the fact that he is a fiery guy is what the Islanders need. I don't know Lane
Lambert at all. And maybe he wasn't like this in the room, but what the Islanders need. I don't know Lane Lambert at all.
And maybe he wasn't like this in the room,
but just seemed a little vanilla.
And I know we've seen him explode on the bench a couple times, but you now have a guy coming in that is,
and here's the best thing, the tweet I saw,
the division, the coaches in that division.
We got Patty Waugh.
Mike Sullivan's been known to lose his mind.
Brenda Moore's been fined about 400 grand by the league.
We got Lindy Ruff. He may end
up getting gassed at one point, right? Who knows?
I don't know, Pasha. Sorry, you're in the room.
Who else is in the
range? Torts.
Torts.
If I'm New Jersey,
I'm going to get Berube right now.
You're going to need him to fill in for the Leafs here, I think.
Possibly, Biff. So let's slow you roll. That makes a lot of sense, Biff. Leafs ain't going to need him to fill in for the Leafs here, I think, possibly.
So let's slow you down.
That makes a lot of sense.
Leafs ain't going to do nothing.
Leafs ain't going to do nothing.
But back to Patrick Waugh, I think even though it's been eight years,
in terms of his quotes, it seems like he's learned a lot.
And you always get that first go around.
You're excited.
You think you know everything. And then you take a step back.
You don't get any calls for a while.'re coaching again the team has success and he was really
disappointed we didn't get the Columbus job he was up for that Columbus job he didn't get it I
think he was probably crushed by that and thought maybe that was it I don't know and boom Lou comes
flying in over the raft out of the rafters the top rope, and he just threw an absolute wrench into the entire NHL season.
I wonder what sparked his mind to not only just go talk to Paddy Waugh,
but the fact that he would only talk to Paddy Waugh
thinking that that's the answer.
His quote was, he can flat out coach.
And I think part of it is how crazy and intense he is.
And with this team, yeah, it's older veterans.
They got all these older guys signed to long-term deals,
but he needs some fire in that room, bud.
They have no other option besides being all in
on trying to get in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
If you get in, we saw Florida last year go on the run.
Anything can happen, especially this season, God knows.
Just get them in.
They can't, they can't.
It's not like they're like a younger team.
I'll wait till next year.
No, we got to go on this route. We got
three, four years, they probably feel like,
and he's going to be there for the long term. This isn't
just a quick hire. Paddy Waugh is a
New York Islander now. I don't think he's
as much as a wild card as everyone thinks,
too. I don't think
I think if you pulled
I think if you pulled, I don't know,
100,000 hockey fans,
maybe 10 people would have guessed
that they would have fired him for but he was interviewing with nhl jobs this summer we did
that interview earlier this summer where it was uh he almost got the columbus blue jackets head
coaching job right so it's like he has been in the race and almost getting head coaching jobs
it just hasn't been that public to those everyone i would have guessed that lou would have stepped
behind the bench before he would have hired Patty Waugh as the head
coach. But now, saying this, some people
are like, oh, well, whatever. They just got a new coach.
Nothing about the personnel is going to change.
I think he's going to be able to turn this
group around. And if they're a wildcard team,
man, I don't think it fucking matters.
I could see a Florida-type
turnaround where they just
end up getting in. They hit their hot streak
in the second half of the season. And what's the one thing that hasn't really been there like it was last year
sorokin and fuck you don't think patty was going to call him in the office and instill that
confidence quickly back at him so he can get to that level and also i don't know how many people
saw clips of that first practice like you know they're doing battle drills left right and center
he's stopping the drills talking probably saying we need even more intensity here and if there was i i think it was adam foot and
a few other guys we've had on the podcast who played with colorado when patrick wall was there
and he was very much involved about the structure of the team yeah it wasn't just a goalie that's
just chilling in the crease he's into everything i think he roomed i think he roomed with adam foot
when they were on the road despite being veterans at the time and they would go over defensive zone
structure as opposed to hey if the puck is here and this is what you think the guy has this is
where i want you guys position this is where i want the shot coming from so to be able to to
communicate to the players and maybe even sorokin how that all works. That's just such valuable
information and something that a lot of coaches wouldn't be able to explain to their team.
And the other aspect of Lou being comfortable with this hire, he's a guy that runs all the hockey.
He runs the show, hockey operations, GM, everything. He's doing it all. So he knows
Patrick's not going to be bitching to me. I'm not the guy you bitch to, Lord Lou.
No one fucks with him and his decision.
So I know he's going to coach.
They probably made that pretty clear in terms of like that being a conversation
around all the media writing about Wabi and hired.
It was very evident that he's open to now knowing I have no say in the roster.
I'm going to coach the shit out of this team.
The other crazy thing about Lou is he hires Canadian legends to coach his teams.
He hired Larry Robinson.
Who else did he hire at one point?
Jacques Lemaire.
Jacques Lemaire.
Yeah, Pat Burns coached for him, correct?
All right.
He was in Montreal, right?
So it's like there's some sort of connection there.
Who knows if that's just random.
And I believe Patty Wall was coached by most of those guys of the list that you just mentioned, the guys he hired.
So there's a lot of connection there and I'm sure a lot of communication.
And maybe as you keep talking, it makes more and more sense why he was actually the guy.
But it is weird.
And we've talked about the Islanders this year that like their power play was horrific for years.
Now their power plays humming.
A lot of that has to do with Noah Dobson, who probably hasn't been mentioned by us along with the rest of the league
this year in terms of how good he's been.
But then what goes hand in hand with a bad PK is a goalie not playing great.
And Sorokin hasn't been himself, right?
Like if I believe Sorokin deserved the Vezina last year and obviously end up
giving it to in Boston there.
All Mark, all Mark, which, you know, the records and their team,
I understand it.
But Sorokin was the one thing with the Islanders.
Don't worry about that.
And then if walk comes in,
like you say,
and he pumps them up and he talks about,
Hey,
listen,
I've watched your games.
This is what maybe I'm seeing.
Like how much easier is it for a goalie?
I'm guessing to listen to a hall of fame goalie.
Talk to him.
It's so different.
Most coaches aren't goalies.
You don't,
you,
the head coach is probably like,
Hey,
I'm just going to stay away. I don't know what to tell you and and anders lee was was interviewed
and of course he's like everybody in this room knows how big of a legend this guy is so automatically
he walks in there and has all of their attention and respect and even just like shifting towards
the back end too you mentioned noah dobson they have been banged up a little bit like mayfield
missed a little bit of time he's a clock muncher really good at blocking shots pellets is he back in the lineup now i think so i mean he'd miss i mean a decent amount of
significant time so they haven't really been able to to have every guy in the lineup on the back end
at one time so that i mean that hasn't happened for too many games so that's going to be a huge
boost and getting them in the right direction and you can't forget about that, that addition not too long ago of Bobby,
you know,
or Tuzo.
So,
so he's on the,
if you think of common themes of successful teams in most recent playoffs,
winning Stanley cups,
it's big defense and big backend.
And that's what they got right now.
And that's,
if you're,
if you're an Islanders fan,
you have to be all horned up.
Cause,
cause even like,
even if like I look at who can compete with the top teams in the East. And if you ask me who the top teams were right
now, I think a lot of teams are very much even keel at second. I think that Florida is the best
team in the East right now. I think Bruins fans have a legit gripe that nobody really considers
them the best when they've been the best all year, but Florida, yeah, they're a different animal the
way they play, but back to the Islanders quick.
Pulak's on the IR.
Bertuzzo's on the IR.
Varlamov's on the IR.
Sezikis is on the IR.
Engvall's day-to-day.
Get those guys back.
I mean, those are all legit players.
And how much could they use Varlamov right now with Sorokin maybe fighting it a little bit?
So it's an exciting  well, crazy saying they're an exciting team.
It's an exciting situation, right?
You've talked about how boring they can be, but that's an exciting situation right you've talked about
how boring they could be but that's kind of how they have to play with with the with the personnel
they have but while behind the bench he's going to change some things and there's no doubt you're
going to see an immediate impact because the way he's so intense like these guys have to answer
the bell they have to and they know and his quote was every game's a playoff game it's a little bit
of a cliche but we we're sitting on the outside that we can't be looking at this last 38 games whatever
it is as as chill time no we this is playoffs for us they'll probably have to they'll probably have
to be on at a 700 clip the rest of the way to get in so you know that it's it starts right off the
bat and they play tonight don't they yeah they play in dallas yeah and then even crazier g you had this tweet they're playing
at the bell center on thursday yeah like come on like come on the script continues yep and how
how many days do they have off in montreal so all the media circus can continue this is amazing
whatever whatever they're doing to plan this out this is amazing this is big this is bigger than the nfl taylor swift and kelsey kelsey drama
um but but before the before the announcement i mean i don't know if i've seen a fan base maybe
jersey as loud about firing the coach like the islanders fans they could not stand lane lambert
behind the bench anymore look who you had before him you had barry trotz before him it's like and
they fired barry trotz for that for this guy and and people thought it was going to happen a lot sooner and that was
in the first half of the year maybe a little bit early on when they kept blowing these leads where
that's it hey third period leads with barry trotz they it's over they'll fucking put your nuts in a
vice man straight anaconda chokehold you ain't getting shit in the third period and also the the
the it's it's not the  like for Sorokin,
it's the high-quality scoring chances,
maybe more so than they were with Barry Trotz.
And sticking with the goaltending conversation,
like you're always going to need pieces up front
to add a little bit more offense.
I would say that that's the Islanders
that's probably been one of their issues in recent memory.
I mean, where they lose that Eastern Conference final to Tampa, 1-0.
They need those big goals.
Could they maybe come off of Varlamov being an unrestricted free agent
in the offseason where you have this valuable goalie
and teams are so fucking desperate?
Think of how many teams right now that are in a playoff picture
who are so desperate for a goaltender.
I mean, I know the fucking Leafs are.
So you're saying trade varley i don't i'm saying if sorokin in in the next month can get back to looking like
him and it's oh it's never a bad thing to have an insurance policy in net but think of the type
of return you could get for varlamov as far as a positional player and maybe a guy up front like
you know probably you probably get a really good third line player who can help contribute offensively and add.
But if you're grabbing him, you're not.
It's those teams aren't trading like guys that are important to their lineup.
They're trading draft picks and process.
I don't.
If you're trading Varlamov right now, that's a team who's trying to get in the playoffs, need some depth and goalie.
They're not going to give you a piece.
They're going to give you a future aspect of a future.
I know what you're saying. I'm just trying to kick up dust, too, right now. I'm just going to give you a piece. They're going to give you a future aspect of the future. I know what you're saying.
I'm just trying to kick up dust too right now.
I'm just trying to get them a little more offensive firepower.
Yeah,
that's what I'm saying.
But it's funny.
It's certainly made for an incredible storyline around the league.
Like the fact he comes back mid season and of all people,
it's a Lou labor,
Robbo wires.
And he goes with,
from the beard and the press conference to being clean shaven on the ice.
I mean,
so do we ever get the full story as to why that is?
And does,
does he view it as during the season you're going to shave?
And then if you make the playoffs,
you've earned the right to grow a beard.
Is that kind of the mentality behind losing a shave?
I think if we're going to try to sit here and get inside Lou Lamorello's
head,
we might never leave Orlando.
That's what, that's like, we might never leave Orlando. Who knows?
He subscribes to our YouTube channel.
Maybe we should just reach up.
That was a
Yankees real biz for a long time.
They still don't allow facial hair.
Is it documented
that he inherited it from
Steinbrenner? Were they boys? Were they
dabbing each other up in the streets?
I think the franchise were affiliated a few years back. It might have something to do with it plus i mean he's an old
italian guy i mean probably thinks it's like i'm gentlemanly to have a fucking beat of some crazy
shit like that do you think he had to tell patty waugh or do you think it was like do you think
he had the conversation like hey dude you gotta i would imagine it was a segue out of the hey i'm
not having fuck you matches every day in the office about personnel. Oh, yeah, and here's a Bic razor with
some shaving cream. Get that fucking
beard off your face.
It's just crazy, too.
Think of the French
goalies. You got Marty Brodeur with the wins
record. Fleury passes Paddy Waugh
and all of a sudden, boom, from
the ashes, Paddy Waugh back.
Mwahaha.
Mwahaha.
I mean, it's kind of wild because
a few months ago, all goalies down a big deal.
You don't need fucking great goalies. And now they're the
hottest commodity in the league right now.
Guys, we're here
and you know what time it is.
It's Pink Whitney time. Yes, I'm
holding the bottle. I'm
kissing the bottle because we're down in Orlando.
You know why we're down in Orlando? We're here for Pink Whitney Night at the Orlando Solar Bears game. We did it once.
It was amazing. The amount of feedback and love we got about this drink was incredible,
a little overwhelming. So I just want to remind everyone, if you want to go have a drink,
if you want to relax after a long day, if you want to enjoy your day at the beach, if you're down
south, if you want to enjoy your day at the mountain skiing, some nips in the ski jacket pocket,
or a big bottle in the cooler on the way to the 1.75, they're available. 1.75 are available. Those
big dogs are humming around. And so, like I said, mixed with a little soda water or on the rocks
or as a shot, It doesn't really matter,
but as long as you're willing to give it a shot,
I promise you won't be disappointed.
The hangover can hurt, but all hangovers hurt.
And you know what you do when you're hungover?
You just have a sip the next morning too, baby.
You know, that's the trick.
A little, what's the term?
The dog's hair?
Hair of the dog.
Hair of the dog, baby.
I knew I had it backwards,
but Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam zone,
because of them, I think it's where we're at
and we love them and we love you for giving
it a shot and drinking it if you're a regular.
So please check it out. Wherever you
buy your liquor, check it out. Whatever bar you
go to, they're sure to have it. So thank you.
Thank you all. Pink Whitney,
New Amsterdam.
Biz, a lot of coaches on the
hot seat right now. The other night, Dallas was in New Jersey.
They beat him up 6-2.
It was Sergey Brilin night in New Jersey.
He won three cups with the team.
The performance was so bad, the fans were chanting,
sorry, Sergey, to a three-time cup winner.
Lindy Ruff snapped at the reporter, Ryan Nowazinski.
That was brutal.
That was a little sensitive there.
He was groaning about there. He was,
he was grown on about,
uh,
what was it?
Alex Holtz.
And I believe Alex Holtz had just played around 10 minutes.
And the guy was like,
why aren't you playing Alex Holtz more?
You know,
he's cause he has looked good at periods this year.
Pasha Pasha's in the corner.
He's giving me the head nod.
I thought that he's definitely progressed his game since last year.
He tied the game up in the third period.
Yes.
And then Lindy Basie said that he threw a pizza up the middle he was before the goal though
so it's like all right dude like sorry to interrupt no no you jump in you seem passionate
about it well well the problem was the way he talked to the reporter he's like oh yeah you
don't you obviously don't watch the game and it's, actually, even if I don't know X's and O's
in the game of hockey, like a 30 year NHL head coach, what I do know is the guy tied the game up.
He's one of your offensive type players, especially with all the injuries they have.
You need more goals and you're benching him for a play. He made before the goal.
Like, obviously you weren't that mad that you threw him out on the power play
when he ties it up on the one-timer.
It's 2-2.
Then they're down, and he doesn't see the ice
because of a mistake in the second.
And then the way Lindy's talking,
he's like, you know, he throws it to the middle.
We don't need to throw it to the middle.
Well, I ended up, there was a Devils fan
who found the clip.
He threw it to the middle and just missed the,
I think it was a defenseman who was trying to hit cut knob.
They got a chance.
There wasn't a goal.
It's like, I don't know if it's a coach putting his ego aside
or he's so obsessed with trying to get the message through to this kid.
That's what I was just going to say.
But they're in a position.
They need to win games.
This kid can score.
You need another goal.
What are you doing right now?
Yeah, so you just said for the message to get through,
maybe that's been a frustration for Lindy all season long
because they do like to play a certain style of game.
They like to take chances.
Maybe he's sick of seeing these type of turnovers
and he thinks that's what's leading to a lot of these losses.
So maybe it was something that was said to him over and over
in video sessions and meetings.
So where it ended up building up and you said, well,
he still threw him out there and he ended up scoring on the power play so oftentimes when you're snapping around and
working on the power play leading up to games you don't want to just maybe take a guy out of that
role no no and another guy in so i i get where you're coming from but it definitely came off
as very sensitive and i feel like the pressure is mounting and i've said it a few times leading up
to the to this podcast where i felt that andrew
brunette helped out a ton with that coaching staff and and had a good way of connecting with the
younger players he did so when he was in florida i thought he kind of got a bit of the shaft in
florida although genius hire with paul maurice and that's turning out great now pasha is sitting to
my left now are you coming to talk about whether you you think Lindy Ruff should get fired or not?
That's what I want to know your opinion on Lindy.
Are you coming to try to back up your horrible JT Miller?
I'm not the Islanders.
We're talking about the Dell.
We're talking about the Dell?
Okay.
I'm not one of those fans that's calling for Lindy's head.
He's not a perfect coach, but his handling of Holtz is definitely something that I don't like.
Yeah, it's bizarre.
He's got it out for this guy.
Holtz has as many five-on-five goals as Nylander, Dreisaitl, and Pedersen. He's got it out for this guy. Holtz has as many 5-on-5 goals as
Nylander, Dreisaitl, and Pettersson.
He's got 11 5-on-5 goals. And this guy
plays 8 minutes a night, buried on the fourth line.
He came ready to play today.
Holy shit.
He's got the
best shot on the team.
He's putting the headphones on, ladies and gentlemen.
He means business.
Well, he's making good points.
I didn't know about the five-on-five goal step,
but continually to play nine to ten minutes with offensive guys injured
and you're an offensive young high pick, that drives fans insane
because in their mind, they're like, we got a future 30-40 goal guy.
Let us see him.
And a coach is just like, no.
I don't know if he rents Lindy's wife or what. Oh, geez. Okay. Here we go. Rumor boys,
rumor boys. That's my joke. And like you said, when like the guy can score the devils need
scoring and yeah, the way he's handled Holtz has been brutal, but I mean, I still don't think
Lindy should be fired with injuries. They've had the goaltending they've had. He needs Jack to come
back, give him a run with Dawes and Nett and the team healthy.
If they're struggling still, it's another question.
Quick reminder here.
They're on the outside looking in.
They're not in a playoff spot.
But they have games in hand.
I understand.
What is your punishment again if they miss playoffs?
I have to get your name tattooed on my ass.
I thought it was pierced eyebrow.
That's if they don't make it out of the first round.
I think Pasha wants my name.
So he's going to have a pierced eyebrow
and a tattoo on his ass.
I think he wants that tattoo on his ass.
Here's the thing I'll say, right?
Considering the Islanders and the Devils
are in a pretty similar spot right now,
would you say?
Not at all.
No, no, no.
This season.
I'm not talking about the future.
Who would I bet the house on?
How so?
How so?
The Islanders have been mostly healthy all year,
and they suck.
The Devils, once they get healthy...
We just talked about some of their...
They're both fighting for the playoffs.
I know that,
but the Islanders are where they are
being mostly healthy.
The Devils are where they are
missing the whole fucking season.
Yeah, but they just added Patty Waugh, buddy.
No, no.
You're such an absolute lunatic.
I don't care how they've gotten here.
They're in a similar position
in the NHL right now.
If you're talking purely points and standings, yes.
Okay, that's what I meant.
Outlook moving forward.
Think about what the Devils have on the way to help out.
Islanders are the same fucking old slow roster.
If I'm a top team and I get in,
I'd rather play the fucking Devils
than I'd play the Islanders in the first round.
Sure, how'd that work out for the Rangers last year?
Nope, nope.
Last year was a different story with your team,
and you know it.
Every single aspect of the Devils this year, the vibe, the, the, well,
although I guess they were, they were chanting fire Lindy game one last year.
So it's just, I guess time is a flat circle,
but there is something weird and injuries they're enormous, but you know what?
A lot of haters of the devils would say everyone deals with injuries.
Bullshit.
Name a team that's had more injuries.
I will say you guys
have had the injury bug but based on your big stats guy what would they have to finish the
season at right now new jersey in order to probably clinch a playoff spot i believe there's 76 points
left on the table for them and they probably have to get 96 to 98 points total. They're at 49 right now.
So they did another 39 points out of 76, roughly.
I mean, they're two back with a game in hand
on Detroit right now.
They're not like, yeah, the season isn't over by any means.
It's just everything around that team.
It's like a cursed season right now.
It looks like a cursed season.
Their goaltending has been a joke.
Injuries have been ridiculous.
So what do you do about the goaltending? And do you do about like at some point vanichek you're
like oh this guy you think marty comes back now that patty's back shoot him to the moon vanichek
no honestly at this point marty would be better than vanichek he's been so bad like i gave him a
lot of leaves she was breaking broder's records last year for win streaks and stuff but then
collapsed in the playoffs this year he's been so bad. I hope he never plays
the Devils again. I've heard he's an amazing guy.
Whatever. He sucks. I would love to see
Marty back in the net. You're done with him.
Okay. All right. Yeah.
Well, Brad's done his job. Hughes is amazing.
Just can't stay healthy. I mean, listen,
you can't blame Lindy for an 891 save
percentage win. I mean, it's 30th in the league.
It's not him to blame, but this
is what I think you can maybe blame Lindy on.
44 games, they've given up the first
goal in 31 of them. That's almost 75
of the time you'll get them for the first goal. That
tells me a team that's not prepared. Walk the plank, Lindy.
Walk the plank. I agree.
That's a really weird stat, and that's inexcusable.
They're always slow out of the gate. That's
definitely a concern. But like you said,
this is a team missing five
of their six D-men from last year.
Okay.
And if you're Fitzy, what are you going to do?
Are you going to give Graves and Severson the contracts they got?
Absolutely not.
Like those are brutal deals long-term.
Yep.
So I agree with that.
I agree with that.
So instead of them, you've got a 19-year-old Simone Nemitz and a 20-year-old Luke Hughes
stepping in.
So of course, short-term, it's going to hurt them.
But I'd rather the little short-term growing pains.
You said all this.
You said all this, that this year they'd take a little step back.
Right, but it's all been magnified because they can't
get saves, right? So everything just looks worse.
And then you add Hamilton being hurt, Siegenthaler being hurt
now. That's not even talking about the forwards.
What is Hamilton's...
When do they think he can be back? He pulled his
pack and sometimes... Torre's pack.
Torre's pack. Is that like
if they make playoffs, he's back?
It'll be right around playoff time
so i think he's gonna uh fitz is gonna pull the old kucherov ltir use that nine million to
hopefully bring in you know chris tan have type bring in a goalie and and then you know bring
hamilton back early may is what they're saying for him last stat i'm gonna ask you about uh
jack hughes is well on pace to break over 100 points. You have this bet going with Witt.
He has dealt with injury.
At what point, right now, what does it sit, his point production pace?
It's going to take a lot for it to happen this year.
He's at 45 right now. He would have to come back and hit the ground running to hit it.
I hope he does.
It's not looking good for this year.
Are you mad you didn't take the buyout?
Absolutely not, because he's going to smash it next year.
Okay, we'll see.
You know what?
This is like a win-win for me in terms of losing money.
That sucks, but I like the kid, and I love his game.
So in the end, it has turned into an interesting bet.
I'll say that.
Pasha, one more thing before we let you go.
46 games played, 21 goals, 42 assists, 63 points for JT Miller.
As
good friends, we spent so much
time together. Just say it.
You fucked up on this one, man.
This guy is so
good. He's haunting your dreams.
He's playing unbelievable hockey.
He's going to be the boogeyman in your closet in Vancouver
in the rail town condo. He's setting guys up.
He's scoring big goals. He's just to be the boogeyman in your closet in Vancouver. He's setting guys up. He's scoring big goals.
He is just a gamer.
All I'll say is that I maintain what I said at the start of the year
in the terms of everything I said was true for him the last few seasons.
Yes, he's taken a step this year.
He's producing a lot more.
However, five on five, he's still not that great offensively,
and he is not good defensively,
and he still has the worst body language in the league.
So he is better than what I thought in November.
He's having a hell of a year.
You're like my wife.
You're like a stubborn person.
Exactly.
He's this guy.
He's the pregnant wife that finally admits.
The Canucks are going to raise the cup
and he's going to be having the conspiring to possibly.
I don't know, man.
His shoulders were shrugged in the celebration.
Unreal.
All right.
Well, hey, buddy.
Thanks for coming on.
Give us the doubles.
We love you.
One guy that I really think could have turned your season around was Corey Perry.
But the Edmonton Oilers, the whip dog.
You have to be hopping back on this bandwagon.
Okay.
So should I just address everything right now?
Oh, actually, when we're talking Oilers,
I think I have my favorite Bob Stauffer text of all time I can read.
He's been humming.
Just describing what has happened there.
This guy's a legend.
So in terms of me and the Oilers, it's come to this.
I'm going to be honest with everyone.
I haven't missed a game, okay?
Like I'm looking at your camera.
I have not not missed the game. Okay. Like I'm looking at your camera. I have not,
not watched the game. Yes. They lost San Jose and I made it a big deal out of, I was off the
bandwagon. I never stopped watching. Okay. There is something, I don't know how to explain it.
If I tweet about the Oilers, the, the, the worst stuff imaginable happens the other night. I,
well, I tweeted, tweeted we're gonna wax the
leafs and then i said here we go and sure shit they're losing and i had to get off my phone
and they come back and win so at this point it's like everyone in edmonton no i am a fan and you
can blame me and say that this because i hopped off the social media bandwagon this is why they're
winning which we also called what happened when i quit. We said they're going to go on a run like this.
Everything that I've said has come true.
Now, unfortunately, I can't be a part of it.
I'm like the kid on the outside who doesn't get picked for the kickball game.
But I just I want everyone to know I'm there.
I just I whenever I talk about them like bad stuff happens.
So I just have to stay away and root for every root for them to win every game.
And just I don't know, be on the sid sidelines it blows because imagine if i hadn't stopped imagine if i had a set
of balls and i just stuck with them like imagine my i could be ripping up twitter on a rampage
right now but i can't say a word because ever since i went silent the team's unbelievable
but i called this and i wrote a tweet the morning of the first game of the NHL season
explaining how excited I was that NHL was back.
And I said, and the Edmonton Oilers are going to win the Stanley Cup.
And nobody saw that start.
Nobody.
But right now, this is a team who is firing on all cylinders.
And people like Pasha and people out there who say they're just a McDavid and Leon team.
I don't think so anymore, buddy.
Have you seen Ryan McLeod last 12 games, 12.7 goals?
He's one of the fastest skaters in the league.
I think this team right now is on the perfect projection.
And yes, I guess if the beginning of the season hadn't happened,
they'd be even better off.
But you know what?
They dealt with that.
They had to figure themselves out. They got a new coach. season hadn't happened they'd be even better off but you know what they dealt with that they they
had to figure themselves out they got a new coach and now this team is unstoppable they're unstoppable
every single area that we are criticizing they've improved they've improved goaltending has been
tremendous what paul coffee has done with the back end evan bouchard is fucking he might end up top
three for the fucking norris the way that he's humming offensively. And also, it ain't just that, too.
He looks way better defensively.
Darnell Nurse looks like a whole different fucking player.
You talked about them leaning on the big boys.
It ain't really like that anymore right now.
Even throughout this run, this 13-game run, I think there's 10 games in which McDavid only has one point.
But also, if you watch watch him his game looks different
too and i'm not mcdavid is still doing mcdavid stuff but the efforts he's putting forth on in
every area of the ice where it just ain't him fucking dancing guys and going backhand cheddar
off these crazy rushes like if like let's go back to that toronto game when they ended up getting
that game winner who was the guy in the corner who thought well i think he ended up winning the face
off then he's in the fucking corner on the forecheck disrupting riley ends up getting that game winner, who was the guy in the corner who fought? Well, I think he ended up winning the faceoff.
Then he's in the fucking corner on the forecheck, disrupting Riley.
Ends up winning that puck battle.
The play continues.
It goes to the point.
Shot to the net.
He gets a stick on it.
And who was there battling Austin Matthews in front of the net?
Was it Fogle who ended up popping out?
It was McLeod.
It was McLeod.
Austin didn't look great on that one.
Okay, but he ended up going into Calgary the next game and literally put the team
on his back. He's the least of the worries.
So I'm just saying to get out of the way of a shot, it was a little,
it was a little old age. I'll be honest. If I was on pace for 70,
I wouldn't block one single fucking shot. Let's just make that clear.
I didn't block one and I wasn't ever on pace for anything.
But the Fogle and McLeod brazen their game.
And the fact that they're also getting this done where I feel like Evander Kane can reach another level.
And if he goes back to even 75 of what he was when they made their run to the Western Conference Finals,
I think he still ended up leading the league in playoff goals that year.
Yeah, he had a ton.
He had like 12 or 14 goals.
And then now you add Perry to the mix. And who's the other kid is it holloway yeah he's
coming out yeah he's got a lot of speed a lot of speed and he's a disruptor so all of a sudden you
got the first two lines absolutely humming right now playing unreal 200 foot games they're not
having to fucking drop the ace of spades every game we're fucking uh dry sidling mcdavid are
playing 24 25
minutes that was a major issue that anybody with half a brain had where it couldn't be sustainable
in playoffs they're not having to do that they're winning games three two mentality and locking
things down once evander kane's line gets going and he starts fucking humming and if they can
fucking get cory parry being the worm and a disruptor just like that holloway on the fourth
line look out wit i agree with you that could be just like that Holloway on the fourth line. Look out with,
I agree with you.
That could be the team that comes out of the West.
So I'll read your stuff text.
Oh man,
I can't wait for this.
Let me put my hand on my pants.
So it's just,
I just like knowing stuff and how he talks and seeing him type it out.
It just makes it even better.
Sweating his balls off reading this as Ryan J.
Woodcroft played a hybrid defensive zone system. We went over this back
in the struggles. The wingers up high
on the D and then basically a low
three on three, man on man
for the centers and the D defensively.
Vegas destroyed Edmonton five on
five as the series went on last year.
They got Edmonton running around. They
were creating a lot of grade A scoring chances
off of long cycles. All so true.
Cassidy coaches a zone.
Montgomery kept Cassidy zone when he took over the Bruins.
Look what they've done.
So Woodcroft had done a deep dive in the summer on the zone,
tried to implement it through training camp in the start of the season,
but he had not coached you before.
He pivoted back to his hybrid for the heritage classic.
Well,
Chris Knobloch came from Rob Dom's Alberta Golden Bears program,
which has been playing a zone forever!
Exclamation point.
The Alberta Golden Bears are a program and a half.
Chris coaches zone.
He knows.
Zone, this is what I love.
This is my favorite.
Zone D started in sport in the NFL in the 1960s
because cornerbacks couldn't cover Bob Hayes from the Cowboys.
He won the 1964, he won the 1964 a hundred meter at the Olympics. So teams dropped a safety back.
The NBA had to outlaw zone defense because it worked. Games were too lower scoring in hockey
zone allows you to have a, have at least one D always in front of the net. The center becomes
more important to low support coverage.
Oh, yeah.
But when you get the puck, it allows for a quick transition
off and up the middle of the ice where the Oilers have strength.
But Oilers D coach Dave Manson,
he didn't want the Oilers D making mistakes coming up the middle of the ice.
Understandably, you know, a lot of defensive coaches keep it out of the middle.
So Edmonton went up the wall a ton under Woodcroft and Manson
and teams were sealing the wall on them
but knoblock and coffee have empowered the d to make plays they are playing zone the oilers are
much better at being on the right side of the puck five on five they limit the chances again off
against off the rush the goalies mostly skinner simply aren't seeing the same amount of a grade
opportunities five on five as they did under Woodcroft.
Knobloch changed the PK, too.
Woodcroft used 23 sets for forwards in his 13 games.
Knobloch and Mark Stewart, who took over the PK from Manson,
primarily used three sets of forwards.
Nugent Hopkins, Derek Ryan, Janmark, Connor Brown, McLeod, and Fogle.
Dreitzheitel comes on to take the D-zone draws for Janmark.
Then he goes off.
Those three forwards pairings have been given ownership and role clarity.
The Edmonton Oilers are for real.
I hope he uses tactics.
Round of applause for Bob fucking Stauffer.
Holy shit.
I think that guy's dialed in.
You don't think Bob Stauffer knows hockey?
And then his last little note was the PK was in 30th,
70 when Jay Woodcroft was fired.
Under Knobloch in 29 games played,
the PK is second at 88.5.
And as a result, has moved up to ninth overall in the league.
So everyone who hates the Oilers and says it's all McDavid,
it's all Leon, you have no clue what you're talking about.
This is a complete team.
In terms of the future, fans hate Cody Ceci. He's no clue what you're talking about. This is a complete team in terms of the future.
Fans hate Cody CC.
He's playing with nurse on the top pair.
I feel bad being the defense.
He's going to be the Jack.
He's going to be the Jack Johnson.
Just like,
just like,
but they need,
they need,
they need a defenseman.
They need to grab a defenseman.
Just something,
just something.
I don't know.
I think you roll the dice with Cody CC.
No,
I'm not saying it's to like not have him play.
It's another guy on the back end and maybe a little goaltending help.
I'm not exactly sure,
but it's incredible to see what the Oilers have done.
I mean,
I,
I don't,
I don't,
I don't think,
I don't think there's a team in the league right now.
If they're playing that,
that could even sniff them,
bring on anyone right now,
watch them lose 10 in a row.
And,
uh,
and of course they added cory perry
which i you know we were taught we talked was it last podcast about this yeah and we were going
rumor boys i thought that there was no possible way he ended up in canada with the media circus
and obviously everything that's gone on but once you did say from your your trusted insider g that
that was a potential landing spot ed Edmonton makes the most sense.
They don't give a fuck. It's the one place
in Canada. They're like, I don't give a
fuck about the SJ Dubs online.
I just want to win fucking hockey games.
Any city, you don't
even know what happened. So what the
fuck does anyone care? Nobody knows
the story. I understand, but you know
how the media works in Canada. It's the whole
reason why they're saying that Elias Peterson doesn't want to sign there. That's Merle's. That's Merle's. Oh, okay. No, but you know how the media works in Canada. It's the whole reason why they're saying that Elias Peterson doesn't want to sign there.
That's Merle.
That's Merle.
Oh, okay.
No, but I think Perry, and I said this to RA or you Biz, like, yeah, the first press conference,
like they'll be asking him all these questions, which he'll say.
What'd you do?
Which he'll say no comment to.
And then what are they going to do?
They're not going to keep talking about it.
It'll be over.
So no matter the market, the beginning will be a little weird and then he'll play. And you know what are they going to do they're not going to keep talking about it it'll be over so no matter the market the beginning will be a little weird and then he'll play and
you know what he's going to do he's going to be a rat and he's going to play up and down the lineup
and he's going to get spot on the second power play and imagine if connor brown starts scoring
he missed a wide open net in calgary on saturday night he still doesn't have a goal this year
what a loser just kidding just kidding i didn't score many either
uh do you hear they're they're changing their uh their third jersey the orange jump shoots
oh for who trying to say perry did a crime no i'm just saying they submitted it was a request i
didn't say they get it granted yet i think that the oilers are so fun to watch oh my god i'm not
biased but i'm just saying bravo is doing a behind-the-scenes doc on them
the rest of the season.
Did you hear that, R.A.?
They're throwing in some real housewives.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Carson Kressley.
A couple numbers on Norblock, though.
23-6 since taking over.
The fifth coach in NHL history to record a win streak
of 12-plus games in his first season with the franchise.
How about these numbers, Whit?
12-0 versus the West.
8-0 versus the Pacific.
He's also done something no other coach has ever done.
The first head coach to have two separate seven-game winning streaks,
at least seven-game winning streaks, in their first 25 games. So this guy found the magic button for the squad.
They're getting it done.
So if they go on to get home ice in the first round,
he's finalist for Jack Adams, correct?
Was Berube finalists when
they had that turnaround did he win it that year i don't know we get a google search here but i
would agree with i mean you're going on your win percentage she'll probably be at the top if that's
the case it's gonna vancouver's just so good because of jt miller they can't catch them yeah
and the full body of work and then also not having um mc Dreisaitl, but very impressive what they've done.
Now they add Corey Perry, so I
think that we can all agree they're at least going to the
Stanley Cup Finals. That's kind of what
Corey Perry does. Whether they're going to win it or not,
I don't know. Barry Trotz
won it that year. Okay, thank you.
Actually, we do got to give a quick
stroke to Edmonton, too. I mean,
13 straight wins. That's the most a Canadian
team has ever had.
They passed the 67-68 Canadians, a pretty damn good team in their own right.
The record is the 92-93 Penguins.
They went 17 straight.
Edmonton team record, ninth straight road win.
They didn't win the Potato Sacks the other night.
Those are fucking ugly unis, man.
I know it's the heritage shit, but those are horrible.
Oilers, they also set a franchise record with 11 consecutive games,
allowing two or fewer goals.
Stuart Skinner, man, we got to tip the cap to him.
I don't think they're going to be shopping for goalie now, Biz,
with what he's been doing lately.
10th straight start, tied Grand Fuel for the franchise record
with two or fewer goals in his last nine starts.
Guy's been getting it done.
Eight of the 13 wins, they've come from behind.
I don't know, man, this team has been unbelievable
since the fucking coaching change.
And they have Columbus and Chicago. Yeah, yeah they got a couple couple layups they're
gonna get the 15 for sure now are are they are they the bad boys of the league right now are
they the bad boys no who are the bad boys the florida pandas yeah still that's true that's true
they're they're just scum oh but but scum in a good way. You know who needs some scum?
The Toronto Maple Leafs need some scum.
I think that somebody said Brad Treeliving calls it snot.
We need some snot.
We need some absolute horses in there to piss some people off.
Just nothing from that team.
But we talk about Toronto, so I'm sorry.
I digress.
Yeah, no, it's all right.
Yeah, tuned up.
I mean, Vancouver, basically, I thought they kind of showed Toronto what they're missing, like depth scoring. Exactly, R digress. Yeah, no, it's all right. Yeah, tuned up. I mean, Vancouver, basically, I thought they kind of showed Toronto
with the missing depth scoring.
Exactly, R.A.
First period, Hoglanders winning battles, Garland's in front.
They were playing like it was literally if you're a Maple Leafs fan,
you're watching the game like we don't have any of this.
We don't have third and fourth line scoring and getting inside guys
and playing in the crease.
And now they came
back to make it 3-3 but that first period was eye-opening i was watching it and i was i was like
this is this is embarrassing they're getting run out of the building they didn't they had no reason
not to be ready to play that game so so my feeling on toronto at this point is i'm no longer going to
be delusional i wow i think there's probably a 10 chance they miss playoffs which would be
catastrophic and there'd be a lot of noise and uh i probably wouldn't be shocked if they moved on
from keith if that was the case i don't think he should be fired mid-season i i think they should
let him ride out the rest of the year because there are a lot of flaws in the lineup as you
just mentioned right now they need to get some goaltenders healthy and also get some saves uh they need the defensive zone to be a
lot better but it seems like the comments from inside the organization the tone has changed a
little bit to kind of realizing like this team is not built to win now and we're looking at the
future that's there's been a couple comments that have came up
elliot say something about that too like they might know this isn't it this year and and i think that
for the first time in the contract the the taveras one is is just really really hurting him isn't it
weird how it it now this is crazy it's not he could light it up in the next 10 games right sometimes it goes so quick and he
when was that what is he how many goals is so so i think that uh in the last 29 games he has one
five on five goal and that is just i mean where i like to to judge guys is what they're doing five
on five right because like i mean there's a lot of power plays now a lot of guys are cookie monsters
when it comes to the PP.
That's why when I was backing up saying McKinnon's, in my opinion,
the best player going right now in the MVP,
he's leading the league in five on five points.
He's going against the best players every night
and then ending up on the right side of the puck.
And with JT, as far as just watching him,
he obviously has slowly lost the speed, so the boots aren't there.
I think if you look at his numbers
right now he's got 40 points maybe a little bit over 40 points but that's just aside from that
it's not as dominant as it was and when you're talking about 11.5 million dollars you need a guy
driving a line night in and night out and that's just not happening so he's got 34.34 i thought he
was at 40.
And then, like, but you know what?
You don't want to just dog this legend of the game.
No, yeah.
But, like, they signed Bertuzzi and they signed Domi.
I think they have nine goals between them.
I mean, Domi's making less than what Bertuzzi is,
and I actually find, like, some games,
like there was a few games ago where Domi's line,
they, like, took over.
Like, they put him in a position to win.
So, as far as what you're paying Domi and what the production is yeah maybe it's not maybe you're a
little off but to me bertuzzi is the guy who stood out the most as far as just being way let down
on the type of player the aggression uh the net front pest the the winning the wall battles the
winning really any battles he just just doesn't look
comfortable in toronto and maybe this is the type of guy where he comes alive after the all-star
break like some of these guys like especially with how many seasons they've played they look
at this as the doldrums of the year where they're like hey i'm gonna turn it up when the money
matters and right now i haven't seen enough out of him. All right. Yeah. Who came out with the report about the trade
that Dubas had turned down for Flurry?
Oh, yeah.
I get that down to Marc-Andre Sexy.
That was confirmed, correct?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That was definitely from a reputable source.
Because the way people made it sound was like,
how do you not do that?
Once you read it off, like, I don't think I would have done it.
It was Nyes and first rounders. It's like, I don't, like, how do you not do that? Once you read it off, I don't think I would have done it. It was Nyes and first rounders.
It's like, I don't know.
Yeah.
People made it sound like they turned down a deal to get McDavid or something.
Darren Dreger had that.
Yeah, this was per John Shannon.
He was on a podcast the other day.
The Leafs and Kyle Dubas had a deal in place to acquire Marc-Andre Fleury from Chicago back in 2022.
But Brendan Shanahan vetoed it.
Darren Dreger reported the deal was uh
brandon haggle in flurry to the maple leafs for peter mrazek matthew nye's in a first round picks
so haggle's nice haggle's nice haggle's nice i changed things up haggle's nice i mean it's not
as simple as it sounds you know when you throw all the other shit now i mean nye's a huge prospect
the first round pick i mean you can kind of see why shanee might have vetoed that right now so there was also another rumor don't know if this
is true but of course we're the rumor boys so we're going to believe it but there was a before
marner's no move clause kicked in that dubas was trying to move on from him that was the guy he was
considering parting ways with now shanee also vetoed that that's the rumor i'm hearing so
there was a lot of moves in which it seems like Shani was trying to say,
nah, nah, nah, let's maybe look towards the future,
where considering they didn't end up moving on from Marner,
I like the idea of not only keeping him, Nylander, and Matthews,
but Nyes is really your only hope, especially once JT comes off the books.
This is a guy where when you see Nyes show up for a night,
he'll have one and two, and he'll be dominant dominant we always talk about the consistency of these young guys that's
what he hasn't been able to find yet so i would not have moved on from nye's especially at the
fact that you have him restricted coming up and then look what you ended up having to pay hegel
where the the time just wouldn't have aligned yeah tampa was more in win now mode and that
made more sense so i'm actually happy that he nixed that.
Sometimes the best ones are rare.
The ones you don't make.
Absolutely.
This is an interesting stat.
I know Steve Dangle on his show the other day,
he said that Toronto had never won a three playoff series in a year,
but they actually did back in 1932.
The first last and only time that Toronto Maple Leafs won three playoff rounds in a season, but they actually did back in 1932, the first, last and only time the Toronto Maple Leafs
won three playoff rounds in a season was
1932. They played
the Blackhawks in the first round. They actually
tied 1-1. It was a two-game series.
It was a total goals thing.
They played the Montreal Maroons. They went 1-0
and won another total goal thing.
And the New York Rangers, they won three, not in the
Stanley Cup. Yeah, that's a legit three rounds right there.
That's, that's, that's... They have not won three, not in the Stanley cup. Yeah. That's a legit three rounds right there. That's that's, that's three rounds.
Well,
exactly.
Well,
the legit status they haven't put,
but you know,
I'm,
you know,
I'm a fucking,
I'm a fucking stat.
I got to keep it.
Yeah.
You just want to take one more dump on my chest about my
Leafs.
Well guys,
like I said,
I'm not being delusional anymore.
I'm starting to see a little bit more clearly.
And I appreciate you guys bringing me back down to earth.
We can move on from the Leafs.
We try, We try.
We try.
Well, I mean, it kind of kicks off with this whole Hockey Day in Canada theme,
talking about all these Canadian squads.
Yeah.
Actually, one last quick note.
One guy who is not going anywhere, Rob Blake,
said that Todd McClellan will be his coach for the rest of the year.
The Kings have been scuffling a bit lately.
Only two regulation wins in the last 12 games.
But he said the answer is going to come from within.
Our philosophy here for the past three, four years is on the structure,
the system, the design, the buy-in of the players.
So nobody's going anywhere, at least as far as coaching.
I know Talbot's been struggling lately.
So one coach not going anywhere.
Todd McClellan, write that down.
And yeah, Hockey Day in Canada.
I'm sorry, Hockey Day in Canada.
I love it, man.
You had six teams pair off.
Of course, the Canadians were down here in Boston.
But the big game, the Battle of Alberta, we already already mentioned Edmonton what game did you hone in on
most that night well to me it was obviously Vancouver uh and the Leafs and probably the
biggest takeaway was Biexa right he's from Vancouver beloved there and when he was in
Victoria everybody's coming up to him being like oh you know is Vancouver gonna win the cup
Vancouver gonna win the cup and Vancouver going to win the cup?
And it's like, buddy, if I said to you before the season,
should we just roll what he said?
I've been in the province for 11 days now
and between Vancouver, Victoria and Whistler,
and I've had this question asked for me
hundreds of times already.
And will the Canucks win the cup this year?
Now, listen, this is what I say.
At the start of the season,
if I told you the Canucks were going to get
the second wild card, take it or leave it.
Fans, fans would probably have taken it, right?
Now, they've over-exceeded expectations.
They're at the top of the NHL, regardless of the day.
And what I like to say is just pump the brakes.
Pump the brakes.
Ride the wave.
A lot of good things going on.
Hockey is exciting.
It's successful again in Vancouver.
The team's obviously going to make the playoffs.
So maybe concentrate on getting out of that first round.
But it is not Stanley Cup or bust in vancouver this year it is a great year it's a fun year and it's fun to be in vancouver again and there you have it i mean that's that that's
pretty much should go out to anybody in today's world just try to live in the moment enjoy what's
going on now because they're playing with the house's money this is a team that's 100 gonna
make playoffs they might end up winning the fucking Pacific, but then again, you might be lined up against the Edmonton Oilers.
You just don't know.
It's anyone's game in the West.
As long as you've got a chip in a chair as a Vancouver Canucks fan,
enjoy this awesome ride during the regular season
and buckle up because it's going to be a very, very interesting playoff.
And I think that with how quick things can turn around and just trying to
strike in your moment, I mean, look at the year where St. Louis, we just talked about it. They
were completely out of it and they go on to win the cup. Apparently they're kicking tires on Jake
Gensel. Okay. This Gensel thing is wild. It's wild. It's wild. And, and I really do see both
sides of it. I'll give you my opinion at the end, but to kind of go through what's going on is
Gensel's a UFA.
Gensel is a legitimate point per game player. He's been a two-time 40 goal scorer. He is absolutely a high-end level offensive player. And clutch in playoffs. Yeah, I say two-time 40 goal scorer.
How about two-time cup winner and a guy who you just know what you're going to get? When coaches
look at the roster, they want to know what they're going to get. And the guys that they love are the guys that they never question. I'm going to get
this night in and night out. That's Gensel. So all these Pittsburgh fans might be wondering,
well, why would you trade this guy? Like what is going on? You bring over Eric Carlson,
you sign graves, you're making all these moves to try to go on one more run. Who knows,
maybe three years of Crosby left. Although the wayrosby's playing like he's having one of the best seasons a mid-30s players ever had in the NHL so I think fans are
like wait a minute no like sign him we need to still go on this run now the other side of it is
okay his career numbers are very similar to William Nylander William Nylander just got 11 and a half
he took a deal this is Gensel. He took a team
friendly deal five years ago, and he's made a very, very legit salary for what he produces.
This is his time to crush it and break the bank. Now, in the end, he could take another team
friendly deal, but I think he's probably looking at it like I've won. At least this is me. I've
won two cups. I keep producing. I deserve like he's probably going to get 10 million bucks
a year on the open market. I don't even know if he's necessarily worth that, but that's how the
numbers work. That's the numbers game. You go to comparables. So as a penguins fan or, or, or Kyle
Dubas, it's like, well, we can trade this guy. We can get some legit assets and we can realize that
we can't give him this huge deal because what's going to happen in three years from
now you know what i'm saying like we we really need to think of the future you're going to be
having to hit the cap floor in three years when those guys are done but the thing the window's
going to close too the window's going to close but that that's the argument of like that's why
my thing is you should sign them because what what are you saying to sydney crosby this is his
winger this these guys are they're two peas in a pod.
They read each other everywhere.
And Sid's got this little window left to try to win another one,
which seems very unlikely, but you never know.
And all of a sudden, you're going to deal his guy at the deadline?
I don't know.
I'm just like, if you hadn't gone all in and got Carlson and signed Malkin and Letang
and done what they did, okay. Yeah, you're moving on,
but they didn't do that.
So why can you go against what your theory was a couple months ago and change
completely and get rid of your,
one of your top scorers?
I don't agree with it.
And although Crosby's butt chugging from the fountain of youth this year,
like let's say max,
let's say max,
he can do what he's doing this year for two more years at a certain point guys there is
going to be regression so you have to look at it like these next two years are my years to strike
and why would you move on from if you move on from genzel you're giving in you you it me you ain't
you ain't doing shit there's i think there's not a chicken dicks chance that they might not even
make playoffs moving forward if that's the case like this this is why this year so far and we talked to army about it all the time
this has been a very disappointing season in a Jekyll and Hyde show for that team what a wasted
effort from Crosby if they don't end up sneaking in a playoff exactly because right now it seems
like they're probably going to look at a wild card but man now you got all these other teams
who are outside looking in who like I mean fucking islanders are going to make a run you know
that you know that the devils are going to improve i think there's a high probability this pittsburgh
team ends up missing playoffs right now this is stats it's 75 chance to make the playoffs like
they should but if you trade genzel who knows he's got a he's got a no move clause too genzel yeah
but but i mean like he if they're not going to sign him
why would he not agree
to go somewhere for a run and try to light up the playoffs
and get a bigger deal yeah then he would get to
decide where he goes you do a sign and trade
in Sayonara
he's only made 30 million though Whit like you said
he didn't sign a big deal before it was
a five year 30 million
dollar deal 6AAV what were his
point totals in the year
they both won the cup
I think he had 30 points in Marvel
so in 2016
2017 in the playoffs he had
21 points in 25 games
in he wasn't
on the team for the first one
oh I thought he was there for the back to back
he was only there for the second one of the back
to back really yeah oh wow oh fuck I thought he was there for sure back-to-back. He was only there for the second one of the back-to-back? Really? Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Oh, fuck.
I thought he was there for sure.
So I take back he's a two-time cup winner.
He should get 4 million a year.
Not so well.
Not so well.
Actually, gee, it's a modified no-trade clause.
Not a no-move clause.
So he could get traded, but he submits a 12-team list.
How many goals did he have during that one?
He must have had 12 goals during that cup run, though.
He did 13 goals. 13 goals. Yeah, 13 goals, 8 assists. Yeah, he was one. He must have had 12 goals during that cup run though. He did 13 goals.
13 goals. Yeah, he was humming.
Yeah, he was incredible. He was humming.
But the Penguins,
the Saturday night in Vegas was
so typical of this season. They play
this awesome game. They're up 2-0
and in like five minutes in the
third period, they give up three goals. They don't even get a
point. Lose 3-2. Shout out to Brendan
Bassan who got his first NHL goal, which was the game winner. Real nice shot for Vegas. That was up three goals. They don't even get a point. Lose 3-2. Shout out to Brendan Bassan, who got his first NHL goal, which was
the game winner. Real nice shot for Vegas.
That was a cool story. It's probably
kind of crazy to see a super agent in the game
son not only make the NHL,
but be a first-round pick. Right. So
Pat Bassan is one of the biggest super
agents in hockey. He had a kid. His kid
was drafted by the Golden Knights, played in his first
NHL game, got the winner in it, and
it just so happens that Sidney Crosby
was his babysitter as they were growing up.
Dude, hilarious, dude, his babysitter.
Dude, he beat him on the play.
Sid fucking broke his stick afterwards.
That was the funniest part of the whole fucking thing, man.
He beat his whole babysitter.
Do you think Paddy tags Sid in the post of the goal?
You know what?
I mean, we've said it for years on the show.
He's had a ton of wingers. They've done good
because they're playing with Crosby, but
Gensel was never that. I mean, obviously, he's better with Crosby,
but he's a dynamic fucking winger no matter
who he's playing with. What Pascal Dupuis
and Kunitz provided were
guys who could get him the forecheck and
then get him the puck back.
Whereas I feel like Gensel
can do that, but he also
has a little bit more touch around the
net and he's more highly skilled so to get it it's hard finding the right pieces to play with
crosby and that's why i think it's lunacy that they would consider consider trying to maybe move
on from that where maybe if he doesn't want to take a team-friendly deal it costs you an extra
million million and a half bucks i agree with you it i think an eight times ten would be a perfect number and something that he would probably end up taking because you get that
extra year but god damn it here we are yeah but if they're out of it man you could get something
for him then he could just fucking re-up in the summertime yeah ufa so is that even allowed no
it's it's not already i think they outlawed that uh wait i i don't know i think if he becomes a
free agent you're you can't trade a guy back within a year's time, like a year and a day.
No.
But you can re-sign.
Yeah.
Yeah, they can trade him wherever.
If he wins a cup, doesn't win a cup, whatever.
He can just fucking sign a new deal with Pittsburgh next year.
Yeah.
Oh, what a nice thing.
We got to talk about Jim Rutherford.
He got extended by Vancouver.
I mean, this guy's 74 years old.
Last year, Vancouver was a laughingstock.
The bottom of the fucking stand. His front office was kind of a joke. All of a sudden, they bring's 74 years old. Last year, Vancouver was a laughingstock. The bottom of the fucking stand.
His front office was kind of a joke.
All of a sudden, they bring in Tarket.
They've made the move for Roenick.
This team is at a complete 180.
They're basically maybe the favorite in the West right now.
How good of a turnaround has it been for Rutherford?
They've got a three-year extension.
I guess they're going to extend Alvin, too.
But are they the favorite in the West?
What do you say right now?
Well, it goes back to the Lou conversation where where rutherford he likes to powwow it like those coaches have a lot of say
in what personnel they need in there and i think that talk was a big advocate for getting a good
right-handed shot in there and i i view this ronick deal as a devon tapes 2.0 to go huge to
find a guy that can can squeeze in there and all of a sudden like even
he can provide offense like i don't remember ronick's game being that good obviously when
you're on the ice with quinn hughes you're going to be playing with a puck a lot more than you
than you aren't and you're not going to be getting grenades and d2d passes and everything's going to
be flattened on your tape and you're going to be getting you know second assist till you're blue
in the face but that it was a major component uh
completely reframed the structure of the whole team and yeah it's it's been the probably the
second best story in the nhl as opposed to the winnipeg jets from a surprise perspective because
i think everybody believed in what vancouver's top end talent was it was how to get that second layer to buy in and we touched on it earlier also
um hoglander double digits and goals mckea double digits and goals dakota joshua double digits and
goals uh lafferty double digits and goals garland's got i think eight or nine yeah
buddy i'm telling you i think that the vancouver canucks and i said it after the zadorov trade
which i'm fucking wishing that tor Toronto would have picked that guy up.
Just like who was it the other game?
Somebody tried to fuck around with one of his teammates,
and he ended up ragdolling them.
Like that's what every team needs is a fifth defenseman being that guy on a team.
And they got a few of them.
I think they got Ian Cole as well, right?
So they got a bunch of mutants back there.
Tyler Myers.
So from top to bottom, man, I think that they're one piece away.
If they end up getting Denzel and they maybe get rid of Kuzmenkov.
Kuzmenkov.
Is it Kuzmenkov?
I think it's Kuzmenkov.
I don't know.
But that's another.
If you told me the Canucks were going to be this good after seeing Kuzmenkov light it up last year
and that he'd be like healthy scratch doing nothing. I say, you're crazy. So somehow talk has figured out a way to not only kind of show this
guy that like, I don't love the way you play, but get the team to play this well with him doing
nothing. Like I thought if they were going to bounce back, I'm like, Oh, he might, he might
pop off for 45 goals, this guy. And there's just a disconnect there. That happens a lot.
New coach comes in guy
has a lot of success and maybe he doesn't love how you play and and things change quick so
kind of feel bad for the kid in a sense but i think you're gonna see him moved uh all right
boys uh another guy we got to talk about uh jacob chickering looks like he's already sensed out uh
from our infinite buddy lalim's motion uh he said per the streets it seems the hometown novelty has mostly
worn off of jacob chickering in his camp in ottawa hearing his interest in being a sin long term has
diminished greatly uh very unlikely that he extends far more likely that he's dealt before
a coming ufa uh the shine came off quickly apparently he's got 26 points in 41 games this
year still got one more year one more year left on this deal at 4.6 mil pretty good price he's got
a modified no trade clause so he can 10 teams he does not want to go to.
Do you see him get dealt before this deadline?
I mean, obviously no hurry to get rid of him.
Are we looking at a potential side in trade?
What do you think is going to happen?
I'm going to hop in here.
I mean, obviously Shabbat and Sanderson are their one and two,
and I don't think they're going to move on from those guys.
So sometimes if Chikrin believes that he should get that first pairing type minutes
he not only wants them but if he if he gets them then you can sign that bigger term deal where if
you're going to get stuck in that three role and maybe he's not happy and this is all like and
they're both lefties and they're yeah i i'm just like speculating here at this point i haven't
talked to him but but, you know,
and maybe things haven't necessarily worked out the best for him,
maybe from a play perspective.
I know the other night he got walked.
I think he was on the game one or two in overtime.
But it's like the Bo Byram thing.
Like, I think he wants to be a top pairing defenseman.
Like, maybe it's time to go somewhere else,
get that type of ice time in the last year of your deal,
and then you get your payday and
you're a lot happier in your situation but as you know the grass isn't always greener you got
fucking the coyotes playing as good as they've been playing and ottawa is a fucking dumpster fire
i mean this is probably the most disappointing team this season based on expectation so i don't
know how it's working out there and and if he's just not happy but i think from looking at who's
ahead of
him on the depth chart and who ain't going anywhere that's probably why it makes sense as to why he
doesn't see a future there long term you can't i don't think you're paying a third defenseman six
six and a half million dollars a year right the reason that i think he will get traded is because
with him having another year it's two playoff runs, right?
So you're dealing for him in Ottawa.
Like, why wouldn't they,
if they know they're not going to resign him,
even though maybe they'd want to,
but say he's already kind of made it clear,
I'm not going to resign.
He'd be able to resign this summer.
You as a team going to get him,
it's not just this year.
You got him for next year.
That makes a huge difference
in terms of the assets that you're coming,
that you're getting back.
Like a Hagel situation. Exactly. So like you're getting Chikrin for two year that makes a huge difference in terms of the assets that you're coming that you're getting back like a haggle situation exactly so like you're getting chicken for two
year two playoff runs and so you'd give up a little bit more than Ottawa looks at it like
all right well we could grab a little bit more in return maybe a little better prospect or a higher
pick so it makes sense to me that they would move on from him and and I guess with 10 teams he won't
go to I don't know the teams but you still can work with somebody because somebody who could add,
who wants a defenseman and could add him,
they'd be willing to pay this spring.
I think rumor boys is LA's kicking tires on them.
And they are a team that could definitely use a defenseman.
Low cap hit.
Don't know what they have to move on from,
but they have so many young guys up front and they got a deep prospect pool.
So I'm sure there's something there that Ottawa would like to get their hands
on.
Yeah.
The Seds also welcome back Shane Pinto after that fucking ridiculous 41 game
suspension that he got.
I signed a one year deal for the league minimum.
Elliot Freeman said he's going to have a longer term deal in place soon.
Obviously the way things played out this year was just easier to give him this
deal right now.
And you don't get Ching Ching very much too,
because he's going to have to pay that 41 game
fine. That's a kick in the
dick. Wait, what do you mean? Because he got
suspended for half the season, so you have to forfeit
that salary. So if he would have ended up signing
like, let's say, a three-year bridge at 3 million
a year, you're getting dinged a million and a half
as opposed to just getting... Oh, yeah.
If he'd signed beforehand.
So that helped them. I'm sorry, Biz. So this helped
them immensely, though, having a league been in them though.
Right.
Yeah.
I mean,
it helped them,
but keep in mind,
he missed the half a season and I don't know much,
how much leverage now he has on that car.
Like in the summertime when you're negotiating after the season you had last
year,
you feel like your leverage is there,
but knowing he's going to miss the half a season.
Now you're kind of like,
Hey buddy,
here's a,
here's a two year bridge deal at 2 million, take it or leave it or, or, or kick rocks. Yeah. But I think I know what you're kind of like, hey, buddy, here's a two-year bridge deal at 2 million.
Take it or leave it or kick rocks.
Yeah, but I think I know what you're saying, R.A.
Say this summer, he signed a four-year deal for three and a half a year.
It's like that would have cost him way more.
So I know what you mean.
Yeah, he's only getting fined on that contract.
And, you know, I mean, like I said before, we defend the guy.
We don't know exactly what happened, but we don't think he did anything wrong.
The Pinto Parley.
The Pinto Parley.
I think we were saying the same thing, Rear.
Yeah.
Fair enough.
What else is new business?
All right, a couple more notes here
before we bring it over to our interview.
By the way, guys, we haven't even mentioned it yet.
You guys talked to the Buston with the Boys
down in Florida.
Let the audience know who the Buston with the Boys are
for those who aren't familiar.
Two absolute beasts. It's Will Compton and Taylor LeJuan. audience know who the best one of the boys are for those who aren't familiar uh two absolute
beasts it's will compton and taylor the one um both played in the nfl for a long time taylor
was a really high pick and i think an all pro if not one of the top offensive linemen in the league
will was just one of those muck and grind locker room guys who played for a long time we talked
about them last week but they're lucky enough or we're lucky enough that they came to orlando sat
down with those guys.
Their brand and their entire show is popping off.
And I think that everyone should really give it a listen because we've gotten away sometimes of just NHL stuff and maybe not even sports people.
We interviewed Ian Bagg, the comedian.
And I don't know if we told everyone, we interviewed Justin Thomas recently.
There was a great sit down with him for over an hour.
So we've got some different things going but these guys go in depth with the nfl lifestyle and how
crazy and different it is from what biz and i dealt with in the nhl so hopefully everyone enjoys
and we get the tea on on all this football stuff like i don't know in-depth analysis on football
and like you know who's banging who and you know who's what kind of crazy stories are going on so
we're going to sit down with them it's going to be a good time and as we kind of touch on same dynamic where like you know
you have with the credibility who made all the money and then will's kind of like the grinder
guy who bounced around from team to team he actually i think will almost hit his 10th year
with the falcons and they called and he was going to sign to play his 10th year in the nfl but
because he was associated with barstool and then penn was still around at the time and there was gambling involved they wouldn't
allow him to sign the contract so since then and even before that he's been grinding but they grind
hard on the media side and now since then also taylor's retired so they're a juggernaut in the
football podcast world they do a tons of content, check them out. And probably one of the most viral things this season was when we'll did the,
the,
what was the breakdown of like,
they went the black versus white,
black versus whites in the NFL.
I know it's a,
I feel like kind of the cringy even saying the words,
but you know,
it,
it,
it got some major,
major traction online.
So it'd be a good,
good sit down with them.
Would you drink again?
If they offered you guys a, uh, into the beer Olympics,ics would you go do that i would do that this summer yeah when i'm
when i'm back on the sauce i'm gonna see if i can go the whole hockey season this year i was gonna
see if i can go a full year but you know i gotta have a little bit of fun in the offseason you
gotta win some sandbaggers and gotta win some baggers i think a lot of people are online are
saying my swings a lot better when I got the liquid glaze going
on. So we're going to find out tomorrow because we're
playing them in a sandbagger
here in Orlando. All right, let's go, boys.
Let's send it over to the boys,
boys.
All right, before we go any further, here's a few
words from our friends over at Game Time.
You should not have to
worry when you're buying tickets to your next big event,
whether it's a football championship game hockey playoff game concert comedy thing should not have to worry
that's why you want to use game time game time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets for all
the sports music comedy theater all the good stuff that comes to you i just went to a game a couple
weeks ago hooked up for the bruins game. Outstanding seats, game time, the experience is so simple.
A couple taps, a few seconds, boom, you got the tickets there.
No dealing with these conglomerates where you can't get your tickets,
you have to download sites, all this stuff.
No, no, no, none of that.
You get your tickets.
It's so easy.
You browse through the game time app, see all the stuff that's out there,
pick what you want.
It's unbelievable.
You get last-minute deals, flash deals, zone deals.
So easy to find and buy tickets for every kind of event in the area.
Like I said, I just used it not too long ago for Bruins games.
I had a buddy in Detroit yesterday, got some playoff action, all with Game Time.
Game Time has deals on tickets right up to the start of the event.
Even an hour after it starts, it's the place to find last minute seats.
Plus, you can find exclusive flash deals, sponsored deals on tickets for football,
basketball,
baseball,
concerts,
comedy,
theater,
and more.
And with zone deals,
you pick the section in game time,
picks the seats for an average of 18 savings.
And the game time guarantee means you always get the best price.
If you find tickets in the same section and row for less game time,
we'll credit you 110 of the difference.
Whoa.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off.
Download GameTime today.
Last minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
Do we just start it right now?
I think we just start off with this fucking Magnolia effect, whatever business we're talking about
Is it Magnolia or Mandela?
I think this could go down
As like a video
For idiots trying to talk about the Mandela effect
Because the description so far makes no sense to me
I think it makes perfect sense
Can you pull up one of the Mandela's?
I know Fruit of the Loom is one of them so one of the things you said is is something that
would happen in time let's say we all we all witnessed it 10 years ago and they've scrubbed
it from the internet and therefore we we thought and remembered we saw it but we didn't hand me
that bottle that's what taylor was saying nobody has pictures bottle so it's like if pink whitney
for the longest time was like the brand and everybody drank pink
whitney then 20 years later you'd be like hey remember pink whitney yeah they actually had
the jersey number 20 on there or the jersey number 19 but then you look back and and everything says
20 instead of 19 and you're like no fucking way i swear to god but why would the company have
changed it i don't know why you know why 9-11 happened that was the deal that took a right turn
so why is this guy i'm canadian i can't why are boobs this seems easy to prove to me though i'm
canadian i can't even say 9-11 on this podcast no you can't yeah oh yeah i feel like he's kind
of canadian oh yeah why are you always in colona all the time my wife's from colona from british
columbia he hates which is the same place he's like, I can't. And like Kelowna is unreal. He said only in the summer. I mean,
this guy doesn't want to be anywhere near snow. I can't stand the snow. Did you meet her at
University of Michigan? No, I met her in Leapers Fork, Tennessee. We got married in like five
weeks. No, we got engaged in five weeks, married in two months, had a kid, was pregnant in six
months. So what, you just, you met her and you just instantly knew she was the one yeah i was dating this girl before and we like actually just moved in together like
two days into moving in together and then i met her and three days later i break up with the girl
have her parents like come get her stuff we flew to la for six days then drove to san francisco
drove down to Arizona.
She went back to Nashville.
And then a week later, she's like, I miss you.
I was like, I miss you too.
But if you come back, you're not leaving.
She comes back and I had a ring waiting for her.
Holy shit.
Were you guys teammates at this time?
No.
But this is when you were playing for the Titans.
But this is a Taylor move now.
We fell in love fairly quickly too.
Yeah.
I'm the kind of guy, when we're boys, I'm going to FaceTime you every day.
I'm going to text you all the time.
You're going to be like, I feel like I'm dating this dude and I need're boys like I'm going to FaceTime you every day I'm going to text you all the time you're going to be like
I feel like I'm dating
this dude
and I need to end it
it's tough
like literally
when I met Will
I think the second day
I FaceTimed you
you're a red light
in your hotel
yeah yeah yeah
that's right
you guys like chirp
each other and stuff
on the show
or are you more
just like lovers
on the show
oh you don't watch
I watch some
but I'm very busy
you know
we see the clips all the clips you guys shit on lovers on the show oh you don't watch i watch some but i'm very busy you know we go we go back
we see the clips we go you guys you guys shit on each other or because we kind of go at it
sometimes but that's a hockey style you seem a little bit more sensitive are you sensitive i'm
i would say i'm definitely more than that oh yeah for sure so you gotta be careful but we'll just
he holds vendettas bro like we had a whole a whole thing. Gary, would you say Taylor's the more sensitive one?
I mean.
It's okay.
We got to get him a mic.
Oh, this is something you've already thought about.
I can tell you.
Are you the therapist?
I have to go public with this now?
Also can get emotional.
No question.
I do think that, yeah, I mean, there are moments.
All right.
I would say if you were to look at our group,
like Will and JP are probably the are moments. All right. I would say if you were to look at our group,
like Will and JP are probably the least sensitive.
Then Jack.
Oh, you're saying, hang on, bro.
You are.
Are you saying me more than Jack?
No, I think.
Hey, we're like therapists for the boys.
No, no, no. You're talking about.
Oh, yeah.
Least, least.
I'm sorry.
I was going on the wrong.
This is a picket Smith red table for your podcast right now.
We're getting fucking deep.
Are you guys cheating on each other?
I would never do that.
I'm loyal.
I'm a loyal broad.
When was the first time you met?
When you became teammates on the Titans?
Yeah, when we signed or when I signed with Cincinnati.
Okay, what's the inside joke there?
No, it's not inside joke.
There's no joke.
That's just from him.
He just fucked up.
That's just from him.
Yeah, we smoked a joint before this, so we didn't have a wacky intro to this pod.
He said, sign with Cincinnati.
Tennessee.
What made you say Cincinnati?
It's the worst podcast ever.
What's going on in Cincinnati?
I don't know.
Whenever I signed with Tennessee that year, I mean, yeah.
So walk that down. Oh, walk oh no you feel so uncomfortable
they're like ask us about our love story you know hey maybe he is a sensitive one how did it come up
that you were the sensitive oh my god you guys chirp each other you're like i'm sensitive but
no no no i hold the vendetta i assumed he was sensitive because he fell in love in five weeks.
He was engaged to his girl.
I know, yeah.
That's how that took that turn.
We're on to Cincinnati.
I feel like I'm on to Cincinnati.
I feel like I'm telling a story.
I'm like, you know, took three practices.
I caught his eye by telling a funny joke.
He invited me over the next day.
The rest is history.
We've been boys ever since.
Tell the story, Will.
Tell how we met.
We met in the locker room when I first got there.
And I just came in for the day.
I'm like, hey, I'm Will.
So how many teams have you been on?
Because you were the journeyman.
He was like the first round stud.
What would you make?
Close to 100 million in your career?
Yeah, it's not worth talking about. About 90 million 90 but it's not worth talking about just shy hey we're gonna set up a gold fund me
yeah for taylor here yeah but you were the journeyman so you started in what washington
yeah i started in washington i was undrafted practice squad for a year in washington
and then was there for a total of five years so So when you're undrafted, like right away, did you know you'd get a tryout somewhere or were
you kind of like, man, I might be done playing football? No, like once the draft ended, like I
knew I would be in like that late round preferred free agent category. So right when the draft ends,
like your agent's already on the phone with you. Hey, there's three teams calling in my situation.
It was, there's three teams just calling. It was the the Bucks the Bears and the Redskins and then he was like you know where would you like to play I was
thinking Tampa Bay with Levante and then I thought Chicago would be cool because it was closer than
Washington and then he calls me back and he's like hey you're signed with the Washington Redskins you
don't really have a say right I didn't have a say at the end of the you couldn't pick that no I was
like this is where I like to go and then he's he's like, all right. They get on the phone. It goes back and forth.
You're going to Washington.
So you'd almost rather not be drafted at the end?
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
I would say if you're not drafted at the end, because if you go,
if you're anywhere from that fifth to seventh round range,
you still have the same possibility of getting cut as quickly as a guy
who's undrafted.
You just don't have as long of a leash. So I would say if you get selected to your destination
versus getting idea of where you want to kind of choose, um, then you're kind of like almost stuck
there. You're kind of stuck in that situation. Whereas in my, if you're undrafted versus being
a late round guy, then you kind of have a selection of where you might want to go or
where it might be favorable because those are the teams who are calling the one that they just need to fill out some depth
somewhere so then you end up like after your five years you end up in with the tennessee titans and
you guys meet it's it's instant love and then did you guys did you guys talk about maybe one day
starting a podcast together was that even a thing then because when he mentioned it to me first i
didn't even know what the fuck a podcast was.
Yeah.
When we,
uh,
when we first met,
like we would have like these breakfast clubs with,
it'd be us two and a guy named Mike Campanaro.
And we like talk about like Joe Rogan's podcast,
the fighter and the kid.
That's like,
yeah.
Ben Greenfield,
like a bunch of biohacking stuff.
And then literally like the Titans just started a podcast called OTP official
Titans podcast.
And I had to go on it,
but I just brought will with me as like, just cause I wanted my plus one i guess the pod the support animal just going around don't
right don't even look at it they let you on planes with them too oh nice and then like after after
the season uh will was like i really want to do a podcast like let's do it because he's been wanting
to do it for a while and i was like yeah i'll go and then like literally two days later i got on a
plane to california to go train for three months and then he called me like two months later and he's like
hey do you want to do this or do you not want to do this like what's the deal and uh then i came
back we just started it up like probably what a month later like right in may yeah because you
got in right there in early april or april right in time for otas so we still can like get together
until there was like kind of like a free. But you were looking around for studios and all that.
I was just going to quickly bring up, though, like the name is important.
And I think the name has an unreal ring to it.
How did that come about?
And then you guys had that bus, like the branding aspect of it.
Who thought of all that?
There was like this local gal in Chicago who was throwing ideas about branding,
like helping like a little boutique branding
agency versus paying for somebody like, you know, that's bigger. When we had the bus, we're going
around with just different ideas. And some of them involve the boys. And there's part of us that
didn't want to bring in the, for the boys mantra, just because we had grew it in the locker room
with the Titans. And so you kind of feel like it's you and your teammates saying,
and now they're going out here to-
Yeah, they're like-
To catalyze it.
To catalyze it.
Yeah, because it became like a thing in 2018 with the Titans,
like just being like, the boy, like you'd walk into the cold tubs,
the boy, and then-
Break it down.
Yeah, yeah.
Like the boy.
And then it was the steamer after a big win, the boys.
Yeah.
And the bus, like we kind of just fell into.
Like we had this other production crew that we were like starting with
and we were talking about like studio space.
And one of them was like, hey, there's a bus outside.
And I was late to the meeting.
Well, because initially it was going to be called
The Den Podcast.
Working title.
And Taylor always said.
No, The Den.
The Den.
The Den.
Because I have a fascination with wolves.
But Taylor's like, Taylor would always say working title.
That's a word.
Is that why you have a wolf tattooed on you?
Yeah.
Just my tip of the cap to Will. Just my love. I would always say working title. That's a working title. Is that why you have a wolf tattooed on you? Yeah. Because of his fascination.
Just my tip of the cap to Will.
Just my love.
Oh, yeah.
Just that.
That's for Will.
Yeah.
They had this bus, dude.
And Will was there first.
He's like, when Taylor sees this, he's going to love it.
And sure enough, I pulled up.
I was like, even if it doesn't work, I'll just keep the bus.
Yeah, I'll buy it.
I'll keep it in my backyard.
It's awesome.
90 million.
Fuck you.
Take it.
It cost me two grand.
Let's not bring that up. It'd be easy like 97 but yeah when you were when it was when it began you're still playing right yeah we were both still playing oh okay so but at one point when you were
tired and you were you were you were into it right when you got screwed on year 10 we got to go into
that good they'll fucked you over yeah but when you came on and he's done playing and you're still
playing it's got to be like kind of hard right because you're you're still busy as shit so you had to kind of
carry the load a little bit would you say yeah yeah we'll definitely carry the load for sure
on a whole bunch of things like setting up the whole thing like being kind of being the brains
behind it but when we started like our deal it was like i'll just come and make sure that i'm there
for the most of the podcast i'll do it blah. Blah, blah, blah. And we like, we're in this phase of,
because you guys know how it is when you're playing your sport,
you're so like solely focused on it.
But I would never do something like this.
I wouldn't do it.
I wouldn't do it because I was still playing.
And there's no way I could come on and let it fly even the same.
And if you guys lost, it would have sucked three games in a row.
Oh, that happened, right?
I'm not going to come on slinging it, you know?
Wait, that happened.
Yeah, like you're not comfortable.
You're like, I'm going, I got to sling it around about the NFL and our team.
I played like shit.
We lost.
We played terrible.
Like, if I, like, gave up a sack, we lost the game or whatever.
And then to go in the pond and be like, hey, how we doing, guys?
This week on the Russell the Clown Show.
Yeah, exactly.
You know how big Derrick Henry's dick is, guys?
Oh, my.
You guys give a meat peek in the shower?
Yeah.
But, bro, even the first year we thought about,
because I was just doing like our very first year tailored.
That's when the PED thing happened.
So he was suspended the first part of the year.
Oh no.
What else?
What else was going on then?
What were you on Viagra?
I was like when, we know the Titans are also four and two.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What were you doing Viagra?
Nah, I took Extends for a month in college.
It never worked.
I would last way longer, but my piece never got bigger.
Yeah, me and my buddy just tried it out.
That's half the battle for me.
I got to do the count and the numbers and the sheep in my head.
Yeah, the cold shower.
Just to get out in two minutes.
Yeah, so they were losing.
I didn't even hear what he said.
Yeah.
Just quietly to myself.
I've never lasted long.
That's a big issue on the spit and chiclets podcast.
Yeah.
The big one.
Huge.
It's like hockey.
45 seconds and off.
I was programmed for the hard, quick shift.
The thing I failed for was called Austrian.
And it was like, it's like kind of all over.
It was all over the UFC at one point.
A bunch of college kids failed for it. So I did for was called Austrian. And it was like, it's like kind of all over. It was all over the UFC at one point. A bunch of college kids failed for it.
So I did this lie detector test.
Big Cat loves talking about it
because I had like this, you know,
PSA thing on the bus.
And I was like, I start crying on it.
And now like being five, six years removed,
it's like, you're a fucking idiot.
But at the time.
Oh my God.
You're a little sensitive.
I am a sensitive guy no no no because
people online will label you a cheater forever it's a it's a it's a scarlet letter oh yeah i
would have been i would have cried about it too i was doing anything i was on i was on jack 3d for
a bit which was a band stops yes bro and i had no idea and yans is like yo you know that's you
know that's bad right i'm like walking around all
jacked in camp and i'm like really and he's like and and i think i took a piss test and somehow
beat it at that point because you always take one to training camp but to go back to what you're
saying if i would have ever tested positive like you you the the the online scrutiny is brutal i'm
sure you're getting all back it's terrible and the thing like going back like when you fail your pd
like there's like no way to your pd like there's like
no way to get out of it there's only been one guy in the nfl history to get out of a pd and he like
went to mexico and had like 14 cheeseburgers and then there was like a tainted substance alert
about the meat in mexico in this specific spot and he had receipts like that's the only way he
got out it sounds like a hell of a made-up story a hell of a made-up story that just panned out
but like with uh with supplements like nothing's regulated by the fda so anything you take you could send the label like it's got only x y and z but they can put
whatever they want in it and once they do that like uh you can get popped and then you go test
like the next batch and it's just a whole clean slate all of a sudden okay so it was like a whole
bunch of now and there's certifications like you have to do nsf certified products but even nsf if
it were to pop or dust or anything like that then the n NSF isn't like liable for you to like be in trouble from the NFL.
Yeah. And the shitty thing was, is like when I, when I popped for Austrian, it was like a trace
amount, which means you got no benefit. And I think if I'm going to fail for a PED, I want all
of it. That's like the dusting thing is like, as long as something like any can gets like dusted
with anything, you just get popped on any level you do. It is like that long as something like any can gets like dusted with anything you just get popped
on any level you do it is like that stamp because it does it right like you're like in in our minds
it's like you know my reputation is on the line and you're gonna say like you're just gonna label
me a cheater uh how many players in the nfl do you think are cheating right now with substance
not as many as when we were younger okay dude my rookie year we played the ravens and uh i went to
like take a shit before the game and i pulled the toilet paper in the thing and a syringe fell out
and i i was like oh this is nuts so you're saying what that's an away team or a home team do i think
it might have been our team i don't know i think i think i think there's not as much as people think
but more than we know.
Yeah, for sure.
You know what I mean? Like, yeah.
Think if you just wanted to like, when, just say like Bobo, like to just use the example
of all, like how they were working with the, he is not going to like that.
He's not getting called on.
No, no, no, no.
He's like this IV.
He's got a, this company Arate, but he started by just like working with, uh, working with
players, like working with us.
And then he, you know, he grew, but think back then, like if with uh working with players like working with us and then he you know he grew but think back then like if we just kept bobo like just to ourselves
and nobody else knew about it like you could be doing whatever yeah as long as it was like
staying out of your system yeah because he's yeah it's getting out because he's not yeah because
you're just kind of like you know where you're just like working the game because there are
things out there that can like get it in and out of your system who was 12 hours who was one guy
you guys knew was on it and you had to go up against them every game and you're like motherfucker this guy's just
no there was always roger saffold for me roger was like that there was always rumors about jj
watt like i don't want to talk i don't want to say anything about his name but like guys would
be like there's no way there's no way he's so strong so this so that like torn rotator cuff
torn bicep torn tricep
and it comes back like eight weeks later ray lewis is a guy that had like the deer antlers
yeah deer antlers who was i think he got i think that that's documented he was doing that
yeah just go back just go back jay this is allegedly jj this is allegedly i never
you're like no let me apologize we're gonna get a juicy story here. Hey. Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
No, I was going to say, obviously, he was that ridiculously talented and jacked.
And you had to think something.
It's not even like it's a bad thing.
You're like, this dude has to be doing something.
Has to be.
I could see how that at least would be a question.
Who's the dude?
The black dude lives in Arizona that played for the Steelers.
James Harris.
James Harrison, bro.
That guy.
That guy.
That guy was a skiller.
He's just a rolling ball of put your note
instagram videos six plates oh that's my phone he was smashing people's heads in in those old
steelers the games i was on the penguins when he was there he was a legit killer so so are you
saying that he was for sure doing it he just you just know we're talking about you just see guys
you're like holy shit i think so because i back so you're on the record saying it okay hey back in 2012 before like before 2012 i guess
they didn't test certain levels of like hgh or whatever and then they changed it in 2012 so if
you were taking something okay then they tested you your baseline would be super high and as long
as you didn't fluctuate higher or lower then you'd be cool all right so it's all like i don't know
it's a game within a game it's gonna be starting beef with like ex-nflers who are still on the juice oh god
that's not good that's not good it's not imagine me you and ray lewis be like what's up right
can you uh address what the bus what the boys said
oh yeah but it's an amazing brand you guys have built i had a blast i went down on the bus you
were you no i got interviewed at your your parents place in scottsdale yeah down in arizona yeah so
we've we've each been on your podcast and you hadn't been on yours there's a million questions
i want to ask you guys about as far as nfl and i know i know and then like i'm interested with you
because then you're the high pick what'd you get drafted drafted? I was drafted 11th overall. 11th overall.
So going in and actually tell, he mentioned the story before about when you picked up
offensive line in high school.
Like all of a sudden it was late.
Yeah.
So I like played one year of football when I was like eight and I was a corner.
I was like a fast white kid for whatever reason.
Hell yeah.
And then-
On his white team secondary.
I probably would have been like that. I was like 80 to post poster child. I was always playing in the grass and stuff like that.
And I just would hawk kids every once in a while. But I didn't play again until my freshman year of high school.
And I got in a bunch of legal trouble. And my dad's like, you need to play football.
So I went and played football and I was like this nose tackle, like a hardworking, gritty, hard-nosed white guy.
That's exactly what I was, like limited athletically. And then my junior year, going to my senior year, I transferred. I went from Cape Creek, Arizona to Scottsdale, Arizona,
went to Chaparral high school and they made me play offensive tackle. And I played like
two games and I put like sent just my two games of raw film and like sent it out. And like,
I got 20 offers and two weeks, three weeks became an all American. It was like the greatest
ascension of all time. It was insane. What, uh uh what'd you get in trouble for uh assault theft battery and robbery that's it i love yeah part of that
god damn it i know you're coming something heavier yeah no so you bring the street cred
to the podcast as well for bus what the fuck do you do well i never know that i got a holy
minor position.
You got to,
I mean,
you were hanging out in cave Creek,
not downtown Phoenix.
I know,
dude,
but here's the thing is like,
I say assault,
death,
battering,
robbery,
and I kind of sound bad-ass.
Really what it was is I got,
I took some kids iPod and then he asked for a back and I hit him.
And those are just the charges.
Like it's like the most bitch made thing ever after.
Holy Christ.
Yeah.
So I got probation for a year yeah and that was it
that's like when you lie on your resume yeah yeah i mean everybody think i was way cooler than i was
and then had to come have my come to jesus they send that in with the game film yeah oh yeah by
the way he's got a criminal record you're gonna love this he's got a 1.6 gpa he's fucking right
where you want to be great student athlete he's a perfect offensive
lineman he's got the origin story out here you can try and really beef that up next time yeah
i gotta get something going like why the assault matter you just come up with something wild rob
the guy like the towns so i was actually in boston all right all right it was in that movie he's a
big role the chef so how is he always getting these acting roles he was in the town yeah well
he's in the town yeah he was in uh the scene with what's her name uh blake lively and john sharing the screen with blake lively can
you believe it lines or was he just chilling no he was just no no no you just saw the back of his
head but he crushed it and i'm no you saw his forehead but he actually now he just finished
going to a premiere of a movie he's he's in so it's like he's he's becoming a full-blown thespian does he does he actually he has lines like he or is that this one he does this one he
does and he's not acting as himself so it's actually a role so he's he's diving in this
it's good that's so badass it's good that's awesome i think i think he should do acting
yeah why not i think he could crush it maybe yeah maybe eventually what would you what would
you like uh if you had to pick a role that you would just love to do, what would it be?
Johnny Sins?
Maybe like, I don't know, maybe like a psycho,
like get the snap in it.
Like I like Raging Bull.
I'm a big De Niro guy.
Okay.
Like kind of like that.
Hell yeah.
Yeah.
I like that.
Would you want to go like actual crazy guy
or like something like the Joker where it's like more sinister?
I think if I ever wanted to get serious about it, i would want to try my balls off in like a um an improv class
because i respect people who go and like sharpen their tools like i've never done that i think i'd
be nervous as fuck going into an improv class and especially because i like i smoke a lot and
you know i probably like my anxiety would go through the roof kind of like when we started
this podcast but it settled down nice and i'm having a blast now landed a little bit it's a good time i had nervous before we spoke but i was like
god i'm gonna be so paranoid on this podcast like i we've done like silly commercials i i was trying
to think of what i want to say so i didn't hear what you said and if it was that's all right that's
okay that's okay we've done commercials before where i like chat the challenge i like the like
the anxiety spike before you go into it the
unknown and it's different like i love doing the podcast but it becomes a little bit monotonous
monotonous monotonous i like how you say it i like now would you ever like what would you what
would you divulge into that's different than what you do normal life different day but do you ever
acting no you didn't like the question?
No.
Did I jam you up?
We acted in the commercial with him.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah, I took down the RA.
Yeah.
What would you do?
I mean, we'd act.
Yeah, I think acting.
Matter of fact, matter of fact, matter of fact, there's a script written up for us right now.
Yeah.
Was it Badwood?
Badwood Rising?
Yeah.
Stealing the Tennessee Titans slogan?
That's the movie line? Yeah. The boys? the movie line yeah the boys yeah what is the what is the copyright that's the script uh it's called badman rising this guy named
cameron duddy he's like the is he thinks the basis for kings leon yeah or not kings leon uh midland
midland midland and they're like a country band guys are incredible if you guys haven't heard them
but he apparently him and his brother are the writers and they love the podcast so like one day he hits us up and he comes with a 90 page script
about like it's like uh blue mountain state meets friday the 13th yeah well you guys should do that
guys are getting murdered analogy oh we don't we don't know yet no spoilers yeah no spoilers
i i don't have you read the whole script i've read half the script it's actually good and the
whole idea is that like,
we're like a D three.
We're a couple of D three guys.
And our coach has a heart attack.
Cause I lose it on somebody.
Well,
I'm just giving the idea.
You're like starting to give it.
We've never,
we've never won a football game.
And so like somehow I become,
we become the coaches and we,
we like trick our way into this elite camp to coach these other kids.
And there's murders that start happening at the camp. And's a fucking like they're actually kind of nuts they become
wolves or wait wait these are wolves or vampires hey just relax um okay so you're giving it away
so you fuck you was painting the picture i was just giving like a little elevator no that was
the trailer he's watching right now dude we're fucking we're ready straight to dvd but i think
that would be fun for the literally the way you just put it sounded spot on.
Yeah.
Like the anxiety part, like wanting to lean into it because you're like, oh, it's like a challenge.
Think of the idea of, I keep cutting you off, but think of the idea of like getting a script,
being like you're playing X, Y, and Z, someone totally different from your personality,
and then truly getting people that watch you on the screen to believe that you are.
I know, that's awesome.
That's like the coolest thing in the world.
And that you like worked at it.
Yeah.
You like worked at it.
You're like,
what was your process there?
You have to like figure out whatever your process is to get into that
character.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
We're getting deep.
And everything you said is bang on.
I love it.
You do,
you do a little bit.
Well,
you like a little,
well,
we do those pink when you make me.
Yeah.
When I,
yeah.
When I,
when I make them.
No,
I,
I'm not very comfortable at,
at,
at doing that stuff. Like I would much rather i remember when the the podcast we first started
doing video i'm like i could just be like a podcast and never like i'm cool with never being
on video but i i you know you end up realizing that it's so important now the youtube and
everything we do with it but i i would never want to act ever i do respect the hell out of it i know
i couldn't do it the memorization all it. I know I couldn't do it.
The memorization, all that.
I just, I also wouldn't be good at it.
Do you think it's going to scare you?
Do you?
Yeah.
Does it scare me?
It's got to be.
It scares me like this would be horrendous and I'd get ripped on by all my buddies.
I don't want to do it.
Sometimes you land on your face too.
But I don't want to do it.
There's been a few things I put out that I didn't want to put out.
I have no desire whatsoever to do that because I just couldn't handle it so yeah i'm scared as
shit you called it do you still get nervous in front of cameras no not in front of cameras but
like we do live shows have you guys done any of those yeah those things are awesome so i think
we'll be doing our fourth yeah in a week i get the most anxiety these things that's some that's some anxiety when
i got the other takes when i'm like one take two take oh we can go up to a hundred till i get this
thing i can handle it but the live shows those will get your heart pumping i'm the opposite
when there's like a we have like the chevy commercial we did and they had lines for us
we i think had like four lines and i kept fucking up like the second to last line yeah i was right
after you i was like he doesn't know how to read.
Dude.
Oh bro.
I can't literally,
I'm the worst reader.
Like I like a public speaking.
I have no issue with really reading out loud in front of people.
I had to stop.
If you gave me a Dr.
Seuss book right now,
I'd shit my pants.
Yeah.
Hey,
you've done well the last month,
but the nerves would still be there.
The last month with the ad read,
you've been smooth.
Yeah.
I've been reading.
So they took, I know they took the nerves would still be there. The last month with the ad read, you've been smooth. Yeah, I've been reading. So they took ad reads away from me because I would sit there sometimes
and I'd go 20 times and I'd be like, fuck, fuck,
because the words jump out at me.
I think some people call it dyslexic.
I don't know.
I just have a hard time reading.
So we heard about how you started.
It was kind of like a whirlwind.
You weren't really a player.
How was your upbringing in football?
Was it right from Timbits or Tykes?
Yeah, I mean, tackle football started like fourth grade.
I've been obsessed with football for as long as the last.
The first thing I can remember loving was my dad was into the Cowboys in the 90s.
Who wasn't?
And they were winning the Superbowl.
They were winning the Superbowl like in like 95 or 96,
97.
And they'd win.
And my dad would order the VHS stuff that they would call it.
You'd call on the TV,
like celebrate the year with the Cowboys with the,
like the documentary.
The gear.
Yeah.
So that would come and we would watch that stuff together.
So I was just like obsessed with football at like an early age where he'd talk about Walter Payton. We'd play in the backyard.
We'd do all this stuff. So I was always gung ho on wanting to like play football my entire life.
So going from growing up there and then going to Nebraska, getting to go to Nebraska
was big time. And then you go through Nebraska and you're getting close to getting to the NFL.
So everything that you've ever wanted-
Is happening.
You're like, it's happening, right?
And you want to be drafted so bad.
Were you a scholarship player?
Yeah.
Full ride?
Yeah.
Football's all full ride across the board, everybody.
Oh, really?
Unless you walk on, unless you don't get an offer.
Oh, you can give like certain years in hockey
as opposed to like full ride or nothing.
Right, and like baseball, you got to split scholarships.
So, wow, that's crazy.
I didn't know that.
But you were expected to like do big things there.
Like you were fired up,
but you were obviously a sick recruit going to Nebraska.
It's a big deal.
And then to be able to get a scholarship,
telling your parents that, like how good did that feel?
Oh, amazing, dude.
It's like the best because that's all you want is to like earn a scholarship or you know when you're
a young athlete you're like you know your parents are like oh if we can just get get paid for yeah
like if another parent was like hey he's pretty good like oh maybe he'll you know that line of
getting your getting school paid for so when they started happening you're just fired up because
like yo i'm gonna go to this level that you've already like dreamed about and fantasized about, like playing all the NCAAs
before you go to college and just like loving certain teams and following them along.
And you start to get scholarships by these teams. Like I remember when I got Notre Dame
finally at the very end, but Notre Dame going to Catholic school until like fourth grade,
our principal would always, she'd go to one game a year and she'd bring back memorabilia for the entire class.
So you just like, I loved Notre Dame growing up.
So all of these fantasies about wanting to play,
you're finally like accomplishing those things
by going to college.
Do you guys do the trips beforehand?
Like hockey guys, they go there
and like the boys take them out, official visit.
Oh yeah.
I feel like you probably got better stories than me.
No, I just get drunk with whoever was hosting.
How many different visits did you go on?
You said you got 20 offers?
Yeah, I only went on two.
I went to Minnesota because my dad went to Minnesota,
and I literally almost committed.
Did he play football there?
Yeah, he walked on there.
He's got the whole, you know, if I didn't break my leg,
he's got that story.
He would have been the man.
But I went to Minnesota, and then i went to michigan and i was like yeah
like jake long was uh the first overall pick 2008 which was like my junior year and my dad's like
yo this guy you could be like him we're 77 like him blah blah so i was like yo i'll just go to
michigan they just put dudes out because once i got an offer my first offer was utah state
and i was like uh i remember the coach came up to me and he was like,
hey, we'd love to have you, blah, blah, blah.
And I was like, oh, thanks, man.
Appreciate it.
My coach was like, hey, what do you think?
Because I didn't know they offered me.
I was like, yeah, it was awesome, man.
Hopefully I can get an offer.
Like, oh, no, they offered you.
And I knew, I was like, right then and there, I was like,
oh, I'm going to the NFL.
No shit.
It's like one of those things where I feel like when you're 15, 16,
you don't know the path you're going to go go on and you also don't really care at that time
like you you're like i have all the time in the world truly like when i got offered by utah state
it was like the most clear path like it was like so obvious to me i was like oh i'm gonna go to the
nfl like that is it i went i got to college and they're like what do you want to do after college
i was like oh i'm going to the nfl and they're like, what do you want to do after college? I was like, oh, I'm going to the NFL. And they're like, well, you know, statistics.
I was like, no, no, no.
Put me in the easiest classes.
I'm going to the NFL.
That's awesome though.
It was awesome.
And then it was all, it was all happening.
Like everything was happening.
Everything you thought of.
Oh yeah.
It literally, besides the win loss category at Michigan,
like it went exactly as planned.
It was nuts.
When, when you, what did you start as a freshman?
I registered it.
And then I started my retro freshman year, but I've started four started four years yeah so that's like all of a sudden big 10 football
like and you're just in the mix getting better and better and then by the time you're junior
sophomore you turn pro do you finish four years i finished four i should have left it for my junior
year would have got drafted higher probably no shit yeah because i was uh it's all like obviously
there's a talent level but there's also like like, it's like the projection was the same. However, like the needs based on the first five, six teams were like the first three, three of the first four picks were offense alignment. So to me, I was like, if I, because I would have, I tested really well at the combine. I knew that was like my bread and butter. So I already had the film and I knew I was going to like show things that people haven't seen yet. So I thought, Oh, I would have,
I would have skyrocketed,
but you know how it is. Like when you're at college or did you go to college?
No,
I went to Davenport university.
We don't need to,
we don't need to talk about it,
but going back to Michigan,
like when you,
when you were brought there,
was it a factory?
Like,
did they know how to explain to you?
And every day you were going in there,
you were like learning so much, like where it was like the like one of the best universities you could have gone to to take that
ride no it was well michigan michigan at the time like they had uh obviously the facilities now i'm
no but it was down years right it was the whole time i was there it was like oh nine to thirteen
like the years that michigan fans refused to acknowledge like we were terrible back then so
i don't say because like lack of michigan but it was like rich rodriguez was my
first coach who came from west virginia and they were in the spread and michigan was so used to be
like big 10 football running down your throat type stuff so he didn't get a good night's sleep the
whole time he was there then they bring in brady hogue when they really wanted jim harbaugh and he
like so you were dealing with all these different coaches and different systems yeah different
coaches and different well the systems weren't too bad.
It was just the fact that like- Stability.
These coaches, it's not like,
it wasn't like the Michigan that Michigan is now
with Jim Harbaugh or Lloyd Carr or Bo Schembechler,
all these other cats are like-
James Dobson?
I thought you were saying the strength coach for Michigan.
Oh no, Mike Borowitz though.
He was a G.
So do you think that going through that
where it was a bit of a gong show
helped you from like a mental perspective, like be able to.
I don't know.
That's a good question.
I was, I was truly like solely focused on just making it to the NFL.
So like any coach that told me anything like, Hey, work on this before practice five minutes before I would do that every single practice.
Yeah.
I was very extremely focused.
I partied really hard in college, but like I would never let sacrifice like what I was doing in the room.
I was,
you know,
I got after it.
You were,
you were,
you were doing it.
You were having fun on and off the field.
Oh yeah.
Getting it done.
I would.
Yeah.
I'd go on,
I'd go on some bender sometimes and it would be like a test.
Like I think to myself,
okay,
if I lose one run today against the offensive lineman,
then I've been,
I've been going too hard.
And if it ever happened,
I would be like,
okay,
I got to tail it back here.
Like the weird delusions in your head, the psychotic games you're I've been going too hard. And if it ever happened, I would be like, okay, I got to tailor it back here.
Like the weird delusions in your head,
the psychotic games you're playing with yourself constantly.
Okay.
What were you playing in high school when you went to college?
Like what positions were you in?
Oh, in high school?
Well, just because like he  Oh, bringing up his offensive high school stats.
He was an offensive lineman.
He knew he was going to be that.
All state wide receivers.
You obviously in pro
didn't play the positions you were playing in in high school and then college well in uh in high
school i was still playing linebacker i was playing like safety in my earlier years then i
was linebacker my senior year and then i did play some offensive ball to you know wit uh wit want me
to tell the stories about my all-state days i don't think we have enough time for that you're like al bundy but going to nebraska you just solely focused on i i focused just on linebacker and for me it was
i i sit here and listen to taylor and i'm like man if i could have fucking just ripped around
i feel like i had to be like weirdly obsessed with obsessive with doing like all the things,
like all the way from start to finish right to put myself in a position.
So, yeah.
You just worked your deck off basically to get where you were.
Yeah, I feel like I had to like,
as far as the tangibles that are talked about in the NFL,
like I knew all my like numbers and all the tangible things that can be graded was like a lower round undrafted grade.
But I knew my edge with everybody, with whoever was in front of me or just coming up through college, like my edge was playing from the neck up.
So I felt like I had to just constantly pour into the playbook.
Yeah.
Understanding what the offense is doing, like talking to like coaches helping me
study helping me learn how to watch film because i felt like that was where i would find my edge
where i'm a step slow well if i don't have any steps then it'll be just as efficient as the guy
in front of me and if i do it right every time the moment that they mess up a rep or two and
then i start getting thought about then they mess up again calm go get your shot and you don't mess up on any of it then that's where you can start to edge out for me
in my journey that's where I had to kind of like try and edge out survive in advance like every
you weren't given any jobs really no not not really the only time I felt comfortable was 2000
in 2015 and 16 because I was I was supposed to compete for a starting job where I was injured
in preseason so I wasn't able to actually compete.
Then I ended up taking over the job that year, but I knew I was going to be in Washington, which always made a player feel good when you know you're not going to be cut.
You're part of the future.
And then when I played well in 15, I got to start and be the guy in 16, because fortunately I didn't draft anybody then.
So you get kind of that luxury of like oh yeah you know when you sit and you watch the draft
and you're like fuck hopefully they don't get somebody in my position because if you do you're
like god damn it but but when when those guys wouldn't get drafted in the high rounds or if
they were like fifth to seventh like all right I'm gonna get a real shot to beat this motherfucker
out versus somebody who would be higher than you.
Yeah, that's interesting because we always talk on our show about salaries in the NHL.
And we're hoping they get higher.
And NFL salaries are incredible. But you guys just get cut.
And, like, you can't do that.
You can get bought out in the NHL.
You're still getting paid, though.
And I've always said the NFL is all this money.
But the fact that you can just get cut at any moment that's just the panic every day like you talk about i would i would not be comfortable going through
that which i'm sure there was times in camp you were probably dealing with that right oh yeah i
mean it's like stressful as shit yeah and you don't want to like you know the first year on
the titans it was i got a like a six month lease versus you get a year-long lease uh because you
want to know if you're going to have the optus taylor now going to tennessee i felt pretty comfortable
uh but yeah in those first couple years like when you're renting as a young player you're kind of
like hoping you're not locked into some year-long lease to where if you do happen to get cut and
you got to go somewhere else you're playing double rain you're on the lower stuff like yeah
yeah you think about those things one of the things we want to talk to you guys about was
like current drama in the nfl and you were on a team.
Why are you laughing like that?
You start some of it.
RG3 and Jay Green were just going at it.
That's Will's favorite sports personality.
Who?
RG3.
He fucking loves him.
Has he been on the bus?
No.
No, he's been on Zoom.
He was on during the COVID.
So you're teammates with him?
RG, yeah.
During his big year, his opening year?
No, not his rookie year.
His rookie year when he was the offensive rookie of the year.
He took him to the playoffs.
He was an absolute monster that year.
I didn't get to witness those.
No, nothing.
I think we're going to hear about the downfall.
Yeah, so he tore his knee.
He tore his ACL in the playoffs, so in Januaryuary and he shouldn't have been playing in the game
he was right right there's a lot of drama behind that story it was my first year retired i watched
every game i was like this is the most exciting player i remember he had an end around td run
yes yards and then he hurt his knee and then they played him and he busted his knee in that it was
horrible weather and the field in the field and he and he probably was never the same again i would say
yes because all of that there's a lot of drama like before that game because apparently there
was kind of like a there was division on if he should play if he shouldn't play then you know
as a player you kind of just get field pressure if if everybody's kind of expecting you to play
you're like kind of like yeah well fuck i don't want to make people think that i'm just letting everybody down
so you kind of get forced into playing he tears his acl and you know you don't i don't know at
all because i i was becoming a rookie that year um but he placed an expectation on himself he did
like this this run with adidas talk about all in for week one and week one you
tear your knee in january you're trying to be rg3 in september and if you're going to do training
camp that's eight months like how you going to turn an acl around that quickly but um he's on
the he's on the team that year we go 3 and 13 that was my rookie year and then there's a lot
of question marks on if he should be the guy because there was kirk cousins also got drafted in that same class with rg rg was the first round pick
kirk was the fourth round pick there's uh there's stuff out there saying that shanahan preferred
kirk over rob and then when they go 3 and 13 and shanahan gets fired jay gruden coming in
understands that there's a a level of hey should k Kirk be the guy going in over Rob? The last staff kind of thought that they got fired. Does that mean the owner likes RG more? Like there was always
that drama circling around it. So you can kind of see where Jay and RG could have beef, right?
Because Jay might be thinking, all right, Kirk is much better for the system that I'm bringing in
here than RG. How much of a leash am I going to give RG? There was a competition going on all
year long type of thing. And RG felt like Jay didn't really mess with him as much because he'd
call him out in the media if he'd have a bad game. There was a situation with Rob. That's the one
that was coming up this past week where Rob threw his teammates under the bus. So there was just a
lot of drama that year. And when Kirk ended up taking over in the middle of the year, that was the quarterback on Netflix.
That was the, you liked that year. So we went on a run and made the playoffs that year. So that was
where RG, did we make the playoffs that year? That's where RG goes, you know, to the bench.
And then ultimately they didn't pick up his contract the next year so you kind of just rg's kind of had he had the career he's had and it's he probably looks back
i would assume and thinks like man if i would have made a couple different decisions here and
there versus feeling whether it's pressure to play on the field pressure with the expectation coming
back that you just probably think about those some grudges a little bit yeah yeah but oh you think so you think rg3's poopy pants in this situation because uh gruden said online like how could they
hang uh jalen jalen hurts out to dry like that and then rg3 came over the top basically saying
like oh you did it to us right right and what was your experience with jay gruden was it like that
no jay was awesome there's there's no way that like if you
know Jay or you look through his timeline or anything like that he's like a jokester he's
like a fun guy to be around he's a players coach and so him saying that was definitely him just
being his personality of him being known as an offensive mind and he's just saying like if I put
any quarterbacks in that I apologize kind of just like laughing RG took the opportunity to kind of
bring it to hey you must directly be talking about this or maybe you're forgetting this but this
basically i've in my opinion rg was kind of making it seem like this is you know going back and having
a reason to necessarily feel like you got jaded in a way wow versus being like hey it's been a
decade like at this point,
everybody should be able to reflect about it.
It just didn't work out.
Jay wasn't good enough.
And you're fighting online.
Right, right.
Which I guess is good when you have a football podcast.
You can talk about it.
Yeah, online.
But like at the time,
it's kind of like you're kind of building stuff up.
There's ways to kind of go about it.
You're taking this situation.
He always kind of speaks back to that year.
It's kind of like no one was good enough back then.
Jay clearly wasn't because he got fired eventually.
None of us are there.
We never had like those glory years.
You look back on years, basically like this for this reason,
all the drama that circulated around Washington.
You know what I mean?
That place has been a, I mean, they've had a mess of like 20 years now, right?
Yeah.
The Redskins, it's been like a hard,
like it's kind of crazy when you have a bad owner
and all of a sudden the whole thing goes to shit.
Yes.
Football players are such unique personalities
because there has to be like a level of delusion
that you have to succeed.
And I feel like there's so many times you see players
like when they get out and I'm,
RG3 has shown this a couple of times.
I don't know his exact thoughts,
but there's a bunch of players when they leave they think they were either way better than they
were or they should still be playing or for whatever reason it's like very difficult for
you to like point the finger at yourself and be like okay i fucked up because of x y and z i wish
i would have done x y and z different like i feel like the the thing guys always say is like i'll
have no regrets like we had johnny manziel on our podcast like two years ago and we're like hey do you regret anything he's like no i'm thinking
no think about it there's a couple that you might be able to like i like johnny like i love like
that kind of personality the dudes like baker mayfields who like who like just kind of say
whatever the fuck they want like and they i love that stuff but i think you have to be a little
bit tapped in that regard but all of us sit here at this couch right now playing professional sports
and we can think of three things right now we wish we had done a little
bit different there's no question minimum at minimum 13 yeah off the top last one peds right
probably should have just not taken supplements right i probably would have saved myself a couple
of dollars less booze and less fucking more sleep for sure exactly one of them no matter how much
success you've had either like you're still going to think i could have prolonged and made this even better had i done x y and z
right now probably laying his bed going man if i would have just done x y and z
actually the first time his career wasn't like the freak like uh nutritionist that he was in
the second half so maybe he does think if you see his face change from like 2000 and now you think he's getting
botox yeah yeah yeah you get botox i had before for sure oh yeah oh yeah i want to look like that
i'm aging like milk i wasn't talking about you or you i'm talking about brady yo he does though he
does all of a sudden you, what did you lose?
80 pounds in three weeks?
And you got new teeth.
And you got new teeth and Botox.
You look great.
Yeah.
That's why the acting could work.
I've done Botox before.
It kind of makes me a little nervous.
Is this the TB12 diet?
Oh, yeah.
Botox?
Lose weight, new teeth, and Botox.
I think it's Botox and no tomatoes.
That's the move.
How'd you lose all the weight?
I was always a guy that had to gain weight. I was always like always struggling i'd have like three meals a day
plus like two shakes they're like 1200 calories each and so when i now he now he makes himself
throw up yeah after every meal we would have we had those wings those things didn't last an hour
a little too many yeah go ahead i was in the bathroom for a minute um so the other um vrabel
you guys are very close to him.
You guys were both coached by him, I believe.
Yeah.
He was coached in Tennessee this year.
They go in the last couple weeks of the season,
and he gets honored in New England.
Do you think part of his speech had to do with the fact that he got fired?
I heard the owner of the Tennessee Titans is petty.
Why are you looking at me the way you're looking at me?
Oh, just because I'm high.
Was that the reason he got fired because i feel like he's such a desired coach and he fit perfectly there yeah i think they made a mistake firing him for sure why i don't know what they're laughing at
but i thought that was a well-articulated no that was a good question
because i saw that like that he made comments like there's
no organization like this
organization or something.
There's a legit question.
They won so many Superbowl
ones.
This is what you're
talking about.
No one's as good as this
organization.
Every every 31 other
team should be like, yeah,
they're right.
That's right.
Like, dude, the owner got
a rub and tug this past
offseason.
Everyone's just like,
well, they got seven of
them or six of them.
Who gives a fuck?
Like no one gives a shit.
Yeah.
It was the day of the AFC title game that he then took his jet after and they won.
So he's just, yeah, he's pissing.
They don't care at all.
But going back to your question, like, I don't know if that was the reason.
I feel like with the Titans, like who really knows what goes on?
Like, I would love to see a peep behind the curtain of like what the disagreement was,
but just looking at Vrabel, whether you should fire him or not the answer is clearly no like the titans themselves from like a
talent perspective just were not good enough to be competitive this year it just was the facts of
who you had on your team and but vrabel being in the being in the locker room being in the meeting
rooms he's like the number one guy that like helps you understand the rules he just gets it dude he
just fucking understands and he beats it into your brain.
Like he will-
That's what I said.
He started dumbing it down.
He'll dumb it down,
but he has this thing called Friday tape.
And like after the Thursday night game happens,
Friday morning, you have like a kind of speed jog through
slash like, you know, get a couple of runs in.
And the team meeting before,
he'll pull up tape from the week before
and the Thursday night game
and like talk about situations and like watch this guy. Like if he have you know got down earlier if he would have got out of bounds in
this situation like what kind of situation are we in biz and he would you would put you on the spot
in front of the whole team yeah they'd have like team back look at the way he's punching that's why
when we do all of our drills those stupid fucking drills every day that you guys say that's why you
punch through the pocket i hear you guys in the. I hear you guys saying how dumb these drills are,
but this is why we coach it.
What do I know?
I played 14 years in the league.
And he just paints it in your brain
for how you're going to win, how you're going to do it.
So you never have a lapse in any situation.
And he probably should have hired him.
And he probably should have hired him.
No.
Frank needs to run that clip right there.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, yeah, for real.
You're welcome.
That's pretty fascinating because he's the disciple of Belichick, right?
He played for the New England Patriots, right?
Yeah, he played for the Patriots.
Did he coach there?
No, he never coached there.
He became a linebacker coach at Ohio State right away.
And he was a D coordinator for Houston.
They were like the 32nd defense in the league.
They weren't a good defense.
And he gets the head coaching job. It's like everyone just gets better. gets better dude on the pats they used to go to him on like the goal
line and he'd catch touchdowns oh yeah bro trust me he yeah i imagine the shit talk he has on all
you guys there was a year i think it was 2019 like halfway through the season like vrabel put up a
sheet of all the receivers and how many touchdowns they've had in their career and like they totaled
like one less than vrabel had yeah it was almost like the show guys it was almost like that not this
past year but last year when they were going through all the different receivers AJ's first
year not there they kept they brought that stat up again how Vrabel was out uh catching touchdowns
and every receiver put together on the team yeah but I think yeah yeah you can't fire Vrabes dude
like he's he's from an understanding like getting
his players understand the game is probably top 10 in the league as far as coaches go
cowboys should hire them i've already said it once what are coaches making in the nfl right now
is that out there all that info public yeah yeah big dough sure i would say like mid five to ten
a year yeah yeah five to ten wow i thought it might even be higher. Some guys.
Some it might be.
I'm not even sure.
G, are you looking that up?
Like Harbaugh, he was offered 10 years, 125 million by Michigan.
Allegedly.
I don't know if that's a real thing.
Like as a re-up because he just won it?
It was even before the national championship.
So that's like, what, 12 a year, yeah?
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah, it's not going to get much higher than that.
I think Saban. How much was Saban making?
North.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Yeah.
The high marks would be just north of 10.
Oh, what's the story?
You guys were coming back from London.
You guys played over there and you guys were on the team plane.
Yeah.
So we got, we got teed up with this.
Yeah.
We didn't, we didn't take a boat.
I don't know what this, I don't know.
And what usually happens, we were talking with this at dinner like you go and that if you that you leave
the day before the game so saturday you sleep you play and then you're you head back immediately
doesn't matter how late the game is so london was not much different but we got there thursday
and when you go to london you have to like they want you to sleep the whole time so they give you
like an ambient or whatever guys get high and they just go to sleep. And then the way back to like,
you guys need to stay up because it's night in London or whatever.
Like the time change.
I'm not great with time,
but you fucking going back,
you're going to want to be up.
So anyway,
we go back and it's like,
we lost on like a,
we went for two at the end of the game and didn't get it.
But the whole like front of the plane,
all first class,
I gave it to the players and there's guys like guys are smoking music.
It's just nuts. It's like a cloud all around. Like first class i gave it to the players and there's guys like guys are smoking music it's just nuts like a cloud all around like first class oh it was crazy like we had one guy um
he was smoking a blunt on the plane and this like imagine that yeah this like uh male male
stewardess or male flight attendant comes up he's like excuse me sir like you can't you can't do
that and he's like oh yeah for real okay he Like, you can't, you can't do that. And he's like, oh yeah, for real. Okay. He walks away.
The minute he leaves, like, man, fuck him.
And it lights it back up.
And the flight attendant kind of just sat back in his seat
for the next five and a half hours
and just let guys go nuts.
Oh my God.
And he's like, I'm not doing,
I'm not trying to stop this.
Like I gave my one charity.
Please stop doing that.
Yeah.
You can't tell me I didn't try.
There was like a,
but there was like a bunch of gambling that goes on.
Like Will's got some crazy stories about the Redskins,
but dudes will lose thousands and thousands of dollars on a flight back.
Dude, a flight back.
What are they playing?
What's their card game?
What is it?
Boo-ray?
Boo-ray.
I don't know.
I don't know.
NHL's got like, I guess, a bunch of different ones.
Snarples.
Poker was popular.
Yeah, that's what we did in Edmonton.
Texas Hold'em.
Gin.
Seven up, seven down.
The whitest card games of all time. The ones over. Have you seen the NHL? Gin. Da-da-da. popular and i was so we did in edmonton texas hold them gin seven up seven down
our playing is spades and boo yeah we're fucking rolling out there yeah he was a rolling dice in
the back i'm not even fucking making a joke like that's what they're in the corner i'm pretty sure
we're getting the fight things out of the way i'm pretty sure on the redskins trent williams
gotta say names you would i mean he's i mean it's
you've made a billion yeah he's made so much money but six figures down coming off the plane
i mean there was big money being gambled that gets gambled whether it's dice whether it's uh
spades boo-ray did they have the cash or it was more like a like a you owe this crew this crew
had the cash yeah shit so they bring like a hundred stacks
are they blue light special and for any of these or are they collecting every dollar blue light
special and hockey is where let's say your teammate owes you 60 you say hey give me 40
40 is good oh i'm not sure there's some of that i never found myself in that in that type of
predicament so thank god you were just watching the film on the ipad you get so nervous being asked hey will
you want to come play oh my god dude planes are so funny because like in the back guys will be
that's where the gambling is going on and then like right in the middle like all the guys like
glued to their ipads watching every single fucking snap and talking to teammates a little bit further
is like all the booze bags sitting in the front getting after it playing you know word games and
bullshit the ones who skimmed skim through but they're already done they're up yeah they're moving and there's a
psychopath that's sitting in the corner and just like stare at their ipad just read we do every
single play over and over again winding shit yeah fuck if i would have just how many players you
guys don't get wild on the plane uh yeah well like some teams have taken the booze off the planes now
i wonder what that i wonder what that number is now. I was saying to you earlier that when I first came in the league,
yeah, you could have beers at your seat.
You could have as many beers as you wanted, really.
I guess it wouldn't get too crazy.
I was in Pittsburgh, so the flighters were short in the east.
But you'd have long flights after a game and guys would get after it.
But it definitely changed.
Have you guys noticed a change as far as how like guy health conscious
guys are back in the day it seemed like half the team was getting a six-pack now it's like all
protein shakes guys aren't really drinking that much like it's kind of like losers i feel like
we were like in a in the transition no that's i'm thinking about something i hope you say something
because i was not listening okay i'm used to getting ignored no it's okay i feel like we were like other years we
were in the league was like a transition period from like all like yeah guys that would drink 40
beers and five hot dogs and then not like now it's like super super healthy and like we were like
part of that like the older guys would all be putting down 12 beers on a flight and then like
the newer guys would be staying a little bit healthy just the liquors yeah dude's getting
crazy now like christian mccaffrey he comes on the pod and he talks about like him going a little crazy with
some sun chips it's like all right yeah okay i was in a different place chocolate chip chocolate
chip ice cream what was some of the craziest like was there any guys that had like seven eight kids
running around like guys that blew crazy amounts of money like what are some of your crazy takeaway
stories from the n being like, bro,
I'm playing with this guy, such and such.
And like, he's strolling up in a new Lambo every day.
Like, just like crazy NFL shit.
That's most of the league.
That rookie starter.
The rookie starter pack?
They guys spend their dough there, huh?
Like the new Camaro.
There's a reason why 80 go broke.
Is that the number still?
It's like 80. I could throw any number right go broke is it is that the number still it's like 80 percent
if it's still that number like that's crazy at this point bro we i was like 780 last time yeah
i had guys that were like uh undrafted catcher like rookie contracts would ask me for loans yes
like in april yeah hey could you spot me a hundred i talked to a guy who made like probably 80 to 100
million he was playing with the Minnesota
Vikings I don't want to say his name but he said when you guys I'm not gonna say his name
did I call that yeah so we'll bleep out the name but you got you nailed that no shit and he said
during the lockout one year he had about 12 to 15 guys on his team oh he told us that on the pod
on heart that's probably where I myself just grabbed it yeah he did so we kind of got rowdy there but uh um he was saying between 12 to 15
guys during that lockout the one year and they were like just take the deal take the deal because
they he had 15 guys on hard money loans a teammate now you just don't see that type of
irresponsibility maybe one guy there's been a few nhl stories but is it it's like so crazy
and common in the nfl isn't it i feel like there's like a few nhl stories but is it it's like so crazy and common in the nfl
isn't it i feel like there's like a multitude of things like maybe like i feel like i don't know a
lot about hockey but with football you can have guys that grew up dirt poor and dudes that you
know drove mercedes to high school like there's everything in between as well with hockey i feel
like everything's kind of like yeah middle to middle upper class Like it's expensive to play hockey growing up.
So you have to have some sort of sense of what a dollar is.
And also hockey is like fully guaranteed contracts.
So you know when you sign whatever deal it is,
you're like, oh, I can play it
because I know for sure I'm getting every dollar.
Why don't you get two thirds?
Or maybe one third if you're younger.
Yeah, below a certain age.
That'd be insane.
Bring you in, hey, we're going to have to.
Well, there's been a lot of NHL guys who get bought out younger yeah below a certain age that means saying bring you in hey we're gonna have to well
there's been a lot of nhl guys tight who get bought out and then sign with another team and
end up making more than they would have you guys get the double dip at all times the team buys you
out you're then a free agent yeah so you have five years left on your deal they buy you out for two
thirds and they have to pay you over twice the length of that time so over the next 10 years
you'll get two-thirds of the deal so it'll trickle out but there's been guys yeah they signed such a
big deal and they get bought out after like two years so they're going to see you know let's say
50 of the 80 million and they might sign another 30 million somewhere else what if then they get
bought out of that i don't know how many i don't know actually i believe there was one player recently who had two teams paying
him that he wasn't playing for on on bios who was it uh i don't remember but it wasn't for a crazy
length of time i think it was for one year and i might be i might be completely making that out
making that up but i want to say there was one yeah could be the weed though could be the weed you got the insurance policy but you guys
had to have been in a locker room like i was when when you know you're all getting ready for practice
and then like one guy comes in like hey this guy's not here today this like any crazy wild stories
involving like teammates or oh yeah dude we had a um a kid that got drafted his name was isaiah
wilson i have no problem saying his name.
He was like drafted in 2020.
And this kid was like, he was a first round pick,
had like, I think the 23rd pick or whatever like that.
And he would fall asleep in meetings all the time.
He would come drunk.
Like he was just a lunatic.
And one day during camp,
like we woke up in the morning, like 6 a.m.
Hey, Isaiah is not here. Where is he at? No idea. Eight o'clock, pre-meetings a.m hey isaiah is not here where is he at no idea eight o'clock pre-meetings hit okay he's still not here 8 30 misses practice misses everything the kid was
out all night getting after i think he played like four snaps all on field goal and then was cut the
next year and he was a you say he's a first round dude yes buddy how are you not seeing that
how do you not see that i don't't know. I talked to John Robinson about it
and he was like,
he,
his thing was,
it was COVID,
nothing was Zoom.
You couldn't do anything in person.
He's like,
I swear to God,
I feel like I would have sniffed him out.
But like,
I guess like-
Or if it was room,
if you're in the same room.
Yeah,
same room.
Like you figure out what kind of guy they are.
Cause usually at the combine,
they have like your unofficials,
which is like this giant room
and you kind of just like,
you're a number.
So my number is like OL23 and you like tag in and then you have like people grab you and they have is like this giant room. And you kind of just like, you're a number. So my number is like OL23.
And you like tag in.
And then you have like people grab you.
And they have four minutes at a time to know you.
And then there's officials where you spend 15 minutes.
And it's like GM.
It's like speed dating.
For real.
GM, head coach, and like a psychologist.
And you like walk in the room.
And they're like dissecting you the whole time.
Like talking about all your stuff.
Like whether you had like you know assault death
battery and robbery or you had a whole bunch of stuff going on and then they try to figure out
your brain like there's much more of an extensive process from a mental standpoint so there's like
how many how many teams brought up that list not very many oh okay i had some other stuff that they
wanted to bring up so they had a how did you marry your girl in five weeks?
This is like, this is crazy behavior.
Yeah, I had an assault case right after the Ohio State-Michigan game.
And it was like not resolved yet.
So they had to like, they were like reaming me over it.
And I ended up like resolving it like I'm halfway through my rookie year.
So that was like the big thing for me.
You think that cost you a couple spots in the draft?
Probably.
Yeah, probably. I had like, there was, I had really when I met my wife is when like all the boozing stopped
all like I got real focused.
I was always like really focused on ball, but like the partying part was just a very
consistent thing.
Like I remember like my rookie year, the Superbowl was in Arizona or like a four day bender,
like slept 10 hours maybe in those four days.
And it was like, it was nuts it was at
the super bowl um after super bowl four-day bender it made me think of vegas and partying and you
guys have became close with and i hate to change topics but dana white yeah you guys are fucking
every story man just missed out on a great story no i'm kidding go ahead go ahead it was a great
story he's talking about his legal stuff you got him off right no i
didn't want to story short i'm still on probation oh yeah pull up an ankle bracelet can't leave
speaking of backhands uh dana white um what's it like hanging out with that guy you guys are
going to red rocks all time get like you gamble that hardcore are you playing 10k a hand before
last year i hardly ever gambled like be like
it's a good hobby to take up later it's my i i truly can say out loud i have an issue yeah so
we met him in uh at the super bowl last year and we had him for like 30 minutes and he was awesome
he's like why don't you guys come out to a power slap this thing he was doing so we go out there
and usually when i go to vegas I'll get like a big credit line
and I don't really gamble, but I say, Hey, I have this big credit line now. And they give me a nice
sweet and comp a whole bunch of stuff. I feel like I'm tricking Vegas. And so I get the credit line
and I, people are saying how big of a gambler he is. So I'm like, Hey, I have X, Y, and Z. And he,
his eyes get like this big. And he's like, you and me tonight, we're getting dinner and then we're going gambling. And, uh, I won like 40 K in three minutes time. Like he, like we walked up, he's like,
how much do you want to win? I was like, I've never won more than 30. If I could win 30,
that'd be awesome. And, uh, we walk up, he looks at the dealer. Cause you walk in at the red rocks.
There's like this high roller room. And then you go through the high roller room through these two
doors. And it's like just one dealer and like five suits just sitting behind them and you can you can bet literally twenty
five dollars if you want or thirty thousand dollars and there's you can so if you wanted
to go up to 30 what was he having you hammer each hand five okay there no no if i was trying to get
30 the first time we gambled he's like we walked in and it was like he goes give him ten ten
thousand dollars put it on there. Flip, flip,
flip, flip dealer gets blackjack. My heart sinks. I'm like, it's over. I'm going to have to kill
myself at the end of this whole thing. And then like four hands later, I have a double end up
winning 40. Then I've gone, I went back every single month in 2023, I would say almost every single month. And I lost one time and it was bad.
But overall, I'm up like six figures,
just gambling with Dana.
And he stays there.
What's he gambling?
He maxes everything.
So he's been banned from a lot of casinos there.
Is that an internet rumor?
No, yeah, he has.
Yeah, he's like a-
Because he has a method in which he goes
and he hammers them and then he walks out.
Oh, and you've been winning that much.
I didn't know he actually had a method that won, apparently.
The way that Vegas wins is you get players to come in,
and they sit there.
And the longer they sit there, statistically,
their advantage goes down farther and farther and farther.
Dana's whole thing is he's not going to drink.
He's going to have a water.
He's going to sit there, and he's going to hit max bets.
So like at Caesars, they'll let him do 75,000 a hand. But let's just say Red Rocks. He does going to sit there and he's going to hit max bets. So like at Caesars, they'll let
him do 75,000 a hand, but let's just say a red rocks. He does 30, he'll bet 30,000. If he wins
two hands, he's done. He leaves, he gets the car, he cashes out and he goes home. But there's also
nights where we're there. Last time we were there, he was down a million dollars. 1.2. I think 1.2,
he lost him. He was down 1.2 million and came back. It was like 4 a.m., came back and won 90,000.
And the next night was down two.
And he's just-
Isn't that like an overall losing formula though?
Sounds like he's sitting there a while.
Not if you bank them.
If you bank Vegas and like get out, it's awesome.
So you got to get out.
Yeah.
Red Rocks is great too because they, like a lot of casinos, like obviously you guys
have been, you go there, like you even touch your phone, your phone like sir don't pull your phone out none of this none
of that when you go to red rocks you can do whatever the fuck you want you can have your
phone out you can film it oh yeah you can do like literally uh this kid named steve will do it was
doing like a cold tub while he was gambling and like beer bongs like we're like we could do beer
bongs well you literally anything you want last time i was there i was hungry and i was like hey can i get like steak and eggs and as i'm
playing i'm eating steak and eggs and they can just you do whatever you want it's um so you guys
were going to those ufc fights too uh have you ever gotten starstruck like who are you hanging
out yes yeah who are you rubbing out the one we went when they met trump will was still shaking
from you dabbed up trump what What's 4-5 like?
He's a fucking cartoon.
Exactly what you see.
Every clip you see of him is exactly him.
I see.
Yes.
Dude, we were sitting there.
We were what, second row?
Yeah.
I mean, Mark Wahlberg's right in front of us.
Yeah, he's a big guy.
Johnny Knoxville.
Will chirped Mark Wahlberg through his face the first time we met him.
It's one of my more prouder moments of all time.
We were sitting there like the power slap thing it was like it was me will mark walberg and as bula
the guy that caleb interviewed yeah this fucking oh the little guy yes oh no shit and uh he was
saying something like oh when were you like something about detroit and he was like i was
in there shooting transformers and will goes oh you were transformers and the place remember he
kind of went out he kind of went a little off track to talk about how he was out there when he was shooting the movie yeah
yeah yeah yeah transformers and kind of bodied him a little bit it was a nice little it was a
and and laughs he loved it no no no he i mean he kind of chuckled he handled it yeah he took
a little chin and kept moving yeah yeah yeah he could yeah because everybody others were laughing
that's what made me feel like okay that was a nice joke nice to meet you
he ain't coming to the beer olympics
oh the beer olympics we were chatting about that that thing just exploded last summer right yeah
hang on hang on hang on we you gotta listen we gotta talk about 45 yeah we gotta oh shit what
am i doing the conversation that way that's all good so uh we always sit down and sure enough that that he's just sitting there
and like there's love him or hate him like 45 is a polarizing fucking figure and you're like holy
shit we're literally from me to this camera where trump is and uh dana like turns around like move
somebody out of the way and like introduces me and will and he looks at us and he goes
a couple of big strong handsome men and we're And we're just like, fuck yeah, dude.
Thank God.
Like he's, he was exactly like you would expect him to be.
He said it exactly how he says it in all the interviews.
Not trying to tire pump the boys either.
He had a compliment.
Yeah.
So a couple of man missiles here.
Love it boys.
Right after the main, like right before the main event started, I, I hit Dana and I was
like, Hey, can we get a picture with you in 45?
And he's like, absolutely.
Like we pop over and we take a picture and then will's talking to dana and i'm sitting there like
a fucking loser just like kind of standing i have no idea what to say yeah what do you say to trump
dude and he like turns to me he goes you're doing great i was like fuck yeah dude you think so
so he just tire pops just he goes you're doing great and dude every single break every single
time there was a lull in the action there is 40 people that came up to him didn't lose energy the
whole time would talk to everybody as if they're his best friend kind of going wow not bad okay
all right yeah not bad brother yeah they perceive you a lot different on cnn man i'll tell you yeah you're a lot
different than the guys from cnn would just go to ufc fight they'd probably be about trump after
outside of those court documents you're hell of a guy yeah oh wow that's wild it was wild what a
character who what are the famous people i mean you said uh johnny knox that's huge that was our
childhood we didn't say nothing one of my biggest regrets him and
vince vance wasn't a regret that you guys joke about your interactions with these people is how
you're kind of yeah dude because i had this fucking dumb thing that i'm finally getting over
where like if i meet somebody like if i'm a fan of you sure i want to like not be like hey hey i'm
a fan i want to somehow put us on the same level to where hopefully there's a kindling of a
relationship right away a foundation right away right away and we'll put it we were
we were banged up one night at my house and we're just kind of laying it down for me like bro like
some of these guys are just not gonna be friends with you might as well give them flowers like i'm
gonna be boys with johnny knoxville he's 50 like what is johnny knoxville and i gotta hang out like
go to face time me in two days no he's gonna meet you and be like i just met a seeker dude guys
nuts we're sitting there and i'm looking like this is fucking johnny knoxville like growing up i did I'm going to FaceTime you in two days. No, he's going to meet you and be like, I just met a seeker, dude. Guy's nuts.
We're sitting there and I'm looking like, this is fucking Johnny Knoxville.
Growing up, I did not watch sports.
I was into freestyle motocross and watching Jackass.
Those were my heroes.
And he's just sitting there, hanging out, doing his thing with his girl.
And I didn't say a fucking word to him. And I knew that was like Taylor's, like I knew.
He's top three.
Yeah, I knew.
And I was like.
You chickened out. I leaned over to Taylor and I was like Taylor's, like I knew. He's top three. Yeah, I knew. And I was like. You chickened out.
I leaned over to Taylor and I was like, wow.
I go, hey, if you don't ask for a photo or something with him soon, like I'm going to
be like a parent, walk around the chair and ask.
But he left before, he left like during a fight.
So the op, there was no like downtime.
It was like next break.
I was thinking in my head.
Because then at the thing, I'm just thinking like bro i i i feel you
but that's your dude like you got to be like one of your guys like it's like he's gonna be like
oh that's weird that this person feels this way it's gonna be like you're probably gonna say
something genuine next time you see him would you bring up the first time seeing him in freezing
is that what you'd leave with and try to bond with him send him this on like twitter
i'm in cabo at this party that I'm in Cabo at this party.
I have no business being at this party.
It's in the middle of the desert.
Who's fucking there?
Another top three, Vince Vaughn.
I met Vince Vaughn.
You know him personally?
No, I met him at a Coyotes game because they were playing the Blackhawks.
He's a big Blackhawks fan.
I asked for a picture with him in the room.
I asked him to do the fist up because I was a fighter and i felt like the biggest loser because i could see like his
that's the fear it was yeah it was just the look quickly i could usually read the energy pretty
good i think he thought i was a peasant but i got my photo yeah you can get body language from
people they can seem approachable or you could tell like that's somebody that does not want to be bothered.
But I feel like Johnny Knoxville would have just been chilling.
Like obviously like probably wanting to talk to you.
I know.
When Will did the thing where he was like, if you don't say anything, I'm going to have to go do it.
I literally was like, hey, don't.
Like get like nervous.
Like a girl seeing a boy that she has a crush on.
Like it was bad.
So you did approach Vince Vaughn?
So yeah.
So I'm at this party and I see,
I see big Vinnie and he's sitting there talking to a bunch of people,
but he's not talking to people as if like he's having a conversation.
Like there's 15 people sitting there waiting to also say their things that
they want to say to Vince Vaughn.
Yes.
So I think in my head,
like,
Hey,
lay back,
do your thing.
Like,
Hey,
you're tall too.
Maybe he'll peek some eyes over.
And he,
a couple of times we did catch eyes and I was like,
you know,
we're just kindling a relationship here.
So I like, finally I puss out
and I'm like, go to the bus is to go back to the hotel.
And I'm sitting there
and the bus is not gonna be there for like 10 minutes.
I'm like, dude,
when are you gonna see Vince Vaughn again?
Fucking turn around.
He's there standing with two guys
and one other dude that like,
I had a conversation with earlier.
I was like, perfect.
Walk up to the dude,
say some bullshit thing that we were talking about before.
Look right at him.
Like, Hey man, big fan of you.
Like grew up, like you're, you're the man essentially.
But I was like very heartfelt, genuine.
And he gave me the, Hey baby, I appreciate that, man.
Really nice to meet you as well.
As our hands are like separating, as the touch ends, both of his buddies take one step forward
and turn their shoulders to me, make a blockade and walk them away
oh you got big time
I got yes and bro
I didn't think it was going to end like that
I thought he was going to say
hey do you want a picture you did the swingers voice
you did the swingers voice and I thought that that
meant he was going to be like come on let's have a beer
and he said baby to you yeah hit me with the baby
and I was like fuck yeah
well you said baby I'm like Yeah, he hit me with the baby. I was like, fuck. When you said baby, I'm like, okay, you're it.
It's on, you're it.
I went home a defeated man.
I went home and I was questioning my entire life,
writing freehand poetry with a quill.
That's how bad life was.
And so I get back, I tell the boys about this.
We end up in Notre Dame, Ohio State this fall.
Who's there?
Vince Vaughn.
We know Vince Vaughn's going to be in town
because he's a big Notre Dame fan.
We hit up Steve Byrne. We're we're like yo we know he's in town just let him know that we're here we would love to meet him in my head i'm thinking redemption i gotta lose yourself by
eminem playing in my head the whole entire thing steve is also steve is also aware of what happened
with taylor and he's like ah you just guys yeah because i hit him up to me like that ain't that
ain't how yeah that's not how it is so we're at this we're at a tailgate before like kind of doing our like fall tour thing
and steve said something about like hey i'm putting like no he didn't even say anything
he just puts us in a group chat with vince vaughn oh nice and he's like hey uh he's like vince this
is taylor lawan and will compton blah blah blah they're at the game and will and i i'm across i'm
like taking a piss or something like that well i came i came up and i go check your phone yeah and oh yeah then i walked away
yeah and we literally send the same exact text at the same exact time nothing happens for a while
service is bad at south bend indiana though so finally he texts back we get to the field we see
him and it's legit like wedding crashers vince fawn hey oh we're having
a fucking time with him he's like we're gonna go to the locker room you want to come in the
locker room i love you came in the locker room with us right now we're having a great day like
he's just being that guy he's on he's loving it he's talking everybody's shaking hands big belly
laughs we're on the sideline with him and he's like leans we weren't even we were we were back
we're kind of like saying it back because there's a lot of people on the sideline so we're probably doesn't hurt that a few people are shouting out
your guys names too there oh for sure like you talking like pre-game like some of that yeah like
yeah i'm sure people were there being like hey it's the busting guys where like he's like oh
these guys must be somebody kind of helps a little bit more steve probably helped big time but and we
were with shane and caleb that's right and he, that's right. Big dog. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, you're saying Caleb?
No, you got Caleb there too.
So, you know, he's getting love.
Like Shane, obviously he's like the biggest comedian.
We're like in that crew.
So we're standing there.
We're probably like three rows back and like standing on the sideline.
And Vince is like in the front.
He like looks back.
He sees me and Taylor.
He's like, hey, y'all two want to come up here?
We're like, hell yeah. And then that's where's where you know we're standing there we're talking the
game or we're like you know notre dame goes for it on fourth down when they shouldn't have they
should have took three and we're all just agreeing like you should have took three there and he's
like yeah and then he he says like you know they're notre dame's backed up one time they're
trying to come out he's like hey we should you know do a flea flicker here or something like
that like we're like talking ball one time he's like tom osborne wouldn't do that and i'm just thinking does he know i fucking went
to nebraska yeah if he knows how does he know if he's saying that random or is he just saying tom
osborne it was like the greatest comeback story for another a second chance of all time rights
man like a second impression like viddy probably knew he just knew he let me down so bad that he
like had to come he came with the fucking i would have been shocked if that was the end of the story and he was dead because you just imagine him as exactly what you
just i'd be broken too i was legit like vince he's one of the heroes i couldn't have ended the pod
the way that you said the first one oh yeah yeah yeah that was too sad the happy ending that was
too sad okay so one of the most viral things in the NFL this season was something that you created or you responded to.
Will restarted.
Will restarted.
No, it was a former player.
It was the Civil War in America.
Will wants to go back a couple hundred years.
Let's slow down a little bit, Vince.
Oh, wait, pump the brakes here.
No, but it was a former Steeler player.
Yeah, Rashard Mendenhall.
Yeah, and he sent out the original tweet about it.
He sent out the original tweet about he sent out
the original tweet just shitting on basically like average white people who talk about football
in the media like i'm better than your goat like we should have a a white versus black pro bowl
they should they should cancel the pro bowl and just do white versus black guys like i'm better
than your goat like had that tweet come out not a bad idea so that was going nuts in the morning
and because we're doing bussing and jack's like hey like there's a. Not a bad idea. So that was going nuts in the morning. And because we were doing busing and Jack's like,
hey, like there's a tweet going viral right now.
And they show Rashard Mendenhall's tweet.
And we kind of talked about it on the bus,
kind of laugh a little bit, but also thinking like,
man, do we need to have this?
Yeah, do we need to have this real reaction right now
when we're just hearing it?
Reject to my PR person.
Unfortunately, since it was Delaney
and not necessarily me and Taylor, like we might have handled it a little bit different oh yeah you
kind of felt like i was going back and forth with delaney a little bit but afterwards when i saw
how crazy it was going and i saw the engagement more so being like funny and humorous yeah
versus being real devices yeah yeah everyone's kind of laughing at it and so i thought to myself
like oh i think
people would really mess with me putting together this all white all black team like in totality
with the all white team and so i just did it and i sent it to a group chat that's like me and a
bunch of my old teammates where i'm like the only white dude i'm like hey what do y'all think of
this video and they laugh they're like oh we we mess with it seems like something you put out
there the only thing i think about is the the harvard joke that was pretty wild wild and so i i threw it out
there just thinking all right well i gotta figure out if i know where a line is at some point you
kind of just throw it out thinking it'll probably be big but maybe have mixed reviews and it just
heart rate pumping on the first reactions after that first 10 minutes of you kind of hitting the scroll down
yeah once it says 60 minutes left to edit and you're just thinking all right fucking here we
go huckling and here we go i immediately sent it to taylor like yeah i'm like all right well we're
about to see what the reaction is it was amazing too because i i i i mentioned i saw the original
tweet i'm like oh that would be a be a... We'd get drummed.
The white squad would get drummed.
And then your video comes out,
and you're listing off the offense,
and I'm like, this isn't a bad team right here.
And then all of a sudden, you get to defense,
you get to secondary.
We don't have anyone.
Although there is one kid coming up.
That came from Iowa.
Is it Cooper Dijon?
He's going to be a first-rounder, right? right so we got a potential first rounder out there although exaggerated the first tweet
were they correct there's no way that the whites would beat the blacks wait dude do what
hey who am i thinking would win no i'm saying we got a shot on the cover okay what's the spread
27 here's my stipulation i wasn't even trying to make a joke there.
No, I know.
I'm trying to figure out if you're asking if I
Plus nine and a half, maybe.
Do I still feel the same way after putting the rosters out?
No, I'm saying who do you think would win?
Who do I think would win?
Yes.
I think we got a real shot.
Okay.
I know coaching staff.
We can fill out a great coaching staff.
And what are the parameters?
Are we playing in two weeks' notice? I told Delaney. I said Cram it for the exam. Yeah, I said coaching staff. We can fill out a great coaching staff. And what are the parameters? Are we playing in two weeks' notice?
I told Delaney, I said, our team would be prepped.
You might be out there doing a little, you know, messing around a little bit.
You never know.
You guys are going to have guys fighting the day of the game on who should be playing
because you have way too much depth.
That's true.
We kind of know what's going down right when we show up.
We know what Ross did.
It's like, boy, we've got to hit the ground running.
We've got to find every edge possible. Going to have gonna have a good first half yeah and defensively like we went
back and forth on it but you gotta you either rush three and drop eight and you have to play
four underneath four deep you can't play any man to man you can't allow any of the corners of
secondary back there to be locked in on tyreek hill going down the hill you just have one safety
45 yards deep at all times.
Tyree kills. You got to cover east to west. Yeah, and then you got to get
TJ Watt. Yeah, Bosa.
Both Bosa brothers. Yeah, I mean,
you know they'll be hungry.
Hutchinson.
Hutchinson.
That's a statement game for them.
Between life.
We stand on business
right now
on the offensive side of the ball. It's three yards
in a cloud of dust. Like you got to fucking
you got a time management. You got to keep the ball
out of their hands. Teammates up. Yes, got
to be outstanding on special teams.
Get him inside the 10 yard line at all times.
That's a must. It's a must. And
then a couple of gadget plays here and there. You got to fuck
with a couple of motions.
You're taking three guys from one side
to the other side. They're fucking doing checks.
They don't know what's hitting them. Guess what? We're going right up
the gut again. That's the
move. That's the only way. You got to run
the football and control the clock.
You guys have thought about
this a lot. I'm sure the totals
on that game would be like 75. We could hit the under
on that. Yeah.
We'd be plus 24 and a half. The overrunner would be like 75. We could hit the under on that. Yeah. We'd be plus 24 and a half.
The under would be 75.
Boys, that about wraps the first one up.
We're going to have to get you on again.
I know we were all over the map,
but that's what happens when you get the boys together
and a little toki-toki beforehand.
We were on planet Zoltan just snapping it.
Snapping it around.
So this is number one.
Busting with the boys brand.
You find them anywhere you
listen to your pods watch watch you guys on youtube and you're killing it i mean so congrats
on all the success we got to do this twice yeah once in a while have two times a year i like it
this is a squad right here all right boys yeah oh by the way so i'm bigger went into went into
barstool office and like you played a pro sport like people forget like you won you won that
survivor competition yeah i felt like i was slept on going into yeah it's like buddy do you not know that i was like
on a team i was like grinding out every day watching the playbook never reading these people
you gotta lay low though you can't let them know that stuff like yeah let them think all that stuff
like i'll try to find my try to find my ways in here these people who never played sports like
they just don't know that's just no no they don't it's something you can't
teach right you what do you mean i'm with you you said to me on the phone we paid sports it's like
you just can't teach it yeah can't teach it just got to know a little bit different before we sign
off this whole thing can you tell your fans that both of you will be participating in beer olympics
next year someone's coming out of retirement well i'm sober right now but off season 100 i'm in
june i'm coming i'm
coming you guys got to come to beer sure are we teammates would you want to be okay yes i would
like to i think i think me and you could do some damage i think we could do some damage yeah hockey
boys can drink and even if i'm taking time off can you compete though oh buddy i don't even know
what the games are but i think i'm gonna need you to drink beforehand though you can't go into beer
i'll go hey i'll go into beer olympics dead sober trust me don't don't you don't even know what the games are. I think I'm going to need you to drink beforehand, though. You can't go into Beer Olympics sober. I'll go into Beer Olympics dead sober.
Trust me.
You don't need any more than what goes down in a beer.
No, I will wait.
You got to warm up.
No, I'm not saying that day, but you can't not drink for a year and then go to Beer Olympics.
I'll do it.
That's fair.
You got no stamina.
Maybe I'm puking in the corner and it's good content.
You know you got to warm up.
You got to get ready.
You got to get in game shape.
That's going to be your first time drinking?
I'll save it for the Beer Olympics. You're done. Let know you got to warm up. You got to get ready. You got to get in game shape. That's going to be your first time drinking? I'll save it for the Beer Olympics.
You're done.
Okay, you're done.
No, I'm not.
We're going to have to make sure this is a way.
Hey, I'll get a little, I'll get a couple.
No PEDs.
I'll get a couple.
No PEDs.
You can't take any fucking Ville Lanos.
You can't be doing that.
Those little sniffer boys.
Yeah, a couple of tootskies.
You jump those things.
You have 40 beers.
You take one of those little bumps. You're stone cold sober.
Sober again. Nothing ever happened.
So I hear. So I hear. I've never tried
it. Thank you for signing off.
Great job.
All right. Before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at
ZipRecruiter. According to Forbes,
January is the hottest month for hiring
and hunting for top talent is no easy task.
If you're currently hiring, you can probably relate.
It's challenging to find qualified candidates.
That's why you need ZipRecruiter.
ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology finds the right people for your roles fast.
And right now, you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter.com.
Immediately after you post your job,recruiter smart technology starts showing you candidates whose skills and experience
match it to encourage top candidates to respond to your job post even sooner
ziprecruiter lets you send them a personal invite to apply
and as you rate candidates ziprecruiter sends you more of the ones you like
from the thousands of new job seekers who join the site.
This month, find the talent you need to fill all of your roles with ZipRecruiter.
See for yourself why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get quality candidate within the first day.
Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free.
That's ZipRecruiter.com
slash SC.
Again, that's ZipRecruiter.com
slash SC.
ZipRecruiter.
The smartest way to hire.
Big thanks to the Bustard with the boys, guys.
I still got to sue Will Compton, man.
I think he broke a fucking vertebrae in my neck when we filmed that
Chevy EV commercial back in the day.
He fucking put me down hard.
It felt like I was doing a WWF commercial.
But either way, we mentioned Marc-Andre Fleury earlier past Patrick Waugh, second on the all-time wins list.
But is he going to get moved, Biz?
He does have a full no-move clause.
It's the last year of his deal.
He basically can determine his fate.
I don't think Minnesota is going to make the playoffs this year.
Do you think he ends up somewhere?
And if so, where, Biz?
I don't think Minnesota is going to make the playoffs this year.
You think he ends up somewhere?
And if so, where, Biz?
I think that Colorado should pick up Marc-Andre Fleury.
Love that.
Right now, they've been talking about the amount that Gorgiev's been playing,
and it's a bit of a concern, which is crazy, because I think he's on pace to maybe play 67 games,
where back then, I mean, you talk about Paddy Waugh,
even when Flower stepped in,
it was very common for these starting goalies
to play 65 to 70 games.
I think Brodeur might average over 70
throughout his career,
which is absolutely fucking insane
and the only way that you're going to break the wins record.
But I think that it would be nice for them
to have a little cushion,
because if you go back to when they won the Cup more recently,
Kemper went down.
And was it, is it Fransos? Is that how you say his last name Pavel Fransos who had a great regular season there he
was a fan favorite he stepped in during that Edmonton series and he played awesome so you're
going to need that that type of uh 1a 1b situation my favorite saying going and some people might be
saying well you're contradicting yourself because you said move on from Varlamov.
Well, I always fucking contradict myself, so shut up.
LA should maybe give a call on Fleury because, I don't know,
the whole team's struggling, but they don't really have much goaltending going on.
So I don't know if he'll definitely get traded, though, dude,
because it's probably the last year of his career, right? Which would make you think he'd want to get traded, but he might just
be like, all right, I've been doing this rat race for a while now. You know what I'm saying? Like,
maybe I'm just, maybe I'm just ready to just finish out this year and enjoy my last few months.
Now there could be a side of him who wants to go on one more run but does he want to go somewhere
where he's not even definitely the starter either it's just like his whole family's been moving
around so much i don't know how it's going to play out but in the end it'll be up to him i think i
think when you're getting traded near the deadline though you just think about hey worst worst case
ontario i'm gone for another three three and a half months keep the keep the family and many
keep them in school there and then you
just go on the run so i i think it's a a no-brainer and i think that billy garren of putting him in
the right situation he would for sure uh wave that and i think at this time teams are fucking
getting so desperate i bet you can get out like a top end second round pick right now for him and
who knows maybe some teams give you a little squirrely and give up a first rounder for him.
That's how desperate some teams
are in the goaltending category.
Yeah, yeah.
It's been pretty much a 180
on how teams have felt
about goaltenders this year,
for sure.
One guy who is definitely
not getting traded at the deadline,
Stephen Stamkos,
Tampa Bay captain.
His GM, Julian Breesbaugh,
poured cold water all over
that trade speculation.
He said it's popular,
it's interesting,
a frequent topic.
Who's going to get traded?
Who won't get traded?
Stephen Stamkos isn't getting traded.
You can all write that.
Stephen Stamkos is not getting traded.
All right, nice.
So we can put that one to bed, and we're going to put that to bed right now.
I don't blame him.
Why would you do that now?
The guy's been the franchise leader in goals, points, games, all that shit.
Would make no sense to trade him right now, especially with another cup run coming.
We got some shout outs for the boys out there.
How about Owen Tippett?
This goal he scored the other night,
probably number one for the Golden Gate candidate.
Just turn around, whip a snap, a backhand,
and just an unreal fucking goal.
Even Tortorella gave him props, which he doesn't like to do too much.
I don't think of the mic for players.
But how about the trade?
Actually, great point G brought up, like to revisit too much. I don't think of the mic for players. But how about the trade? Actually, great point G brought up. To revisit that
trade, Philly sent Claude Giroux,
who is a pending UFA, a fifth in
24. Two guys who are currently
playing in Europe, Tippett, a third
in 23, which landed prospect
Denver Barkley, and Florida's first in
June, unless they crash and burn and it becomes
a top 10 pick. I mean, he broke out last
year, 49 points, 77 games,
only making a million and a half this year,
due for a big raise this year.
People picked on Fletcher a lot, Whit, but
he fucking nailed this one, though. He crushed it.
I think Torts made a good point
in saying he has a chance to be
a really special player.
Probably a guy who's actually
looking back, will look back and say
he's really happy and lucky he had Torts
as a coach at a young age, teaching him the correct correct way to play. And like, you've seen it a
lot with guys he had in Tampa back in the day and Vinny LeCavier and Brad Richards and guys at the
beginning who, who have offensive talent and speed and skill, but need to know how to play a 200
foot game. Torts has done a lot with him. And you've seen some of the speed bursts this kid
has. They've been some of the highest ones calculated with this new technology the nhl has where he's busting down
the wing a lot of times he's beating guys wide and on a play like the other night he kind of went to
cut in against dallas and decides to denny savard spin a ram and shelf it backhand so i think the
red hair just adds to the magic of him in philly, and he's a maniac playing his balls off.
That was a hell of a trade looking back now.
Absolutely.
It was tough for him in Florida, too.
The three seasons he was there, he had three different coaches.
It's tough for a young kid to make an impression on that situation.
He certainly blossomed in Philly.
Jumbo Joe, no surprise here.
His number 19 will be retired next season by the San Jose Sharks.
Absolutely no brainer there. Soon
enough, he'll be in the Hall of Fame as well. Shout out to Jumbo
Joe. We want to congratulate
Tyler Ennis. He retired. He had a
13-year NHL career.
Spent the last two seasons over in Europe. His last
season was in Germany. He suffered a
neck injury back in November playing for Mannheim.
He made a statement and said he was grateful
for everything that he went through his whole
career. He's retired.
He's all done.
So I don't know him personally, but I have heard so many good things about this guy.
Murrells and him are boys.
I heard he's a funny bastard.
I would love to get him on the show to talk to him and hear about some of these antics he was up to during his career.
There you go, Tyler.
Open invite.
Just a quick get well to our buddy, Alex Colon.
We don't do this with every injury, but he's been on the show a bunch. Big
friend of the program. He fucked up his knee. He's got to get
an arthroscopic surgery. Just want to send
our best wishes out to kill a man.
I got a quick one too just to throw in.
With Pasha in here, I love Pasha. I hate him,
but I love him. We should also
in honor of him mention
the Rangers are horrific right now.
I don't know if Rangers fans
want to reach out to us.
And we've had our beefs, obviously,
everyone on this show with Rangers fans.
But what's going on with them, folks?
Maybe just hop into the comments of the YouTube,
hop into the comments on Twitter.
And Shusterkin, there's an issue going on there.
And I don't know what exactly it is,
but Pasha made the point.
I think they've won two of their last nine
or something like that.
Did I not say this in the preseason?
Well, I know, but then you switched. Then you switched back to saying that they were for realsies and going to win the point. I think they've won two of their last nine or something like that. Did I not say this in the preseason? Well, I know, but then you switched.
Then you switched back to saying that they were for realsies and going to win the cup.
I said that he was going to get sick and tired of saving their bacon,
and it looks like he's sick and tired of saving their bacon.
And they've been healthy for the most part.
That's the thing.
I know Hedl's out, and it was interesting.
I saw a picture come out with Hedl and Jarmar Jagr.
He's skating back home in the Czech Republic.
So apparently they let him get home to get healthy from his concussion back to the Czech,
which is a little surprising.
But I think maybe you're looking at like, let's have him be comfortable around his family
and let him take the long flight there and back.
But it was kind of cool to see that at least now that he's skating again, it's with Jags.
It's kind of the reverse of your situation with the Oilers.
When I stay away from them, I'm not aggravating their fan base they take a dump i jumped on their bandwagon last year during playoffs
i thought when they added patty cane they were oh i was double wristing them and all of a sudden
they lost the pasha's devils start of the year was all over them i got the fan base riled up they
were humming out of the gate i haven't said a word to them i've been all over the islanders and look
what happened so hey Rangers fans reach out
to me I could start shitting on you guys again
they're leading the Metro
and yeah Zbigniew but like I hear
Rangers fans are like talking about his low goal
scoring but he's still producing like I don't think
like that's like the biggest worry on that team
right now but it is weird
Rangers fans are giving it to him though right now
I know but like figure something
give it to Shesterkin right now now. I know, but, like, figure something. Give it to Shusterkin.
Right now, Shusterkin's more at fault than fucking Jabendi yet is.
I just said his name like an absolute moron, but you know what I'm saying.
I don't know why they're giving it to him.
And Quick's been on rail, man.
9-4-2, 2-4-6 goals against 9-1-3, save for Sunderland.
This is a guy I think everybody thought was probably going to retire over the summer,
and he's kind of been keeping the Rangers afloat a little bit he had an amazing uh video
they gave to him in la and unfortunately they they lost to one and i think you know quick quick he had
his guy and they couldn't they couldn't end up pulling that one out but the video was awesome
the guy narrating was talking about the greatest goalie to ever wear a la king's uniform kind of
shocking he never won a Vesna, right?
In all the years he had, but playoff time, man,
when they were around and they could have won a couple more
if it wasn't for the Blackhawks those years.
It was those two back and forth for four or five years,
it felt like.
So just a cool thing.
And when I dog on the videos that people get
when they come back, that is not somebody I'm talking about.
That's well-deserving.
And it was an amazing run for the Kings with Jonathan Quick.
He did have a con smite, though, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he did.
Did he have both of them?
No, Justin Williams.
2014.
Justin Williams was the other one who won it.
Crazy, eh?
He was unreal on both either way, though.
Both of those fucking playoff runs.
All right, a couple last notes here
uh boys we mentioned earlier i was down uh charleston south carolina i just flashback i
was down september 2022 i filmed scenes from a movie with our buddy jeff sucker uh i met him out
we were in denver for the the western conference finals and you know guys we meet a lot of you know
a lot of people on the road and have business guys and hey i got this i got that and he come over and introduce himself and he said i'm gonna be working on a movie a small
budget movie i'd like to have you involved and hey here's my email and dude that monday he had
the script the contract all the all the legalese and i asked around about him and everyone said
this guy's aces he's he's a fucking dynamite person great guy and i filmed my stuff a year
and a half ago and then we had the cast and crew screen and i flew down to charleston this week and boys i i can't fucking
wait for you guys to see this movie you know this isn't like a student film that like 12 people
gonna see it's gonna be on amazon most likely uh streaming and you know i did it back then i filmed
tons of takes you never you don't know what lines are gonna make it you don't know what
what scenes are gonna be in and and what you've seen once upon a time
in Hollywood right the Tarantino movie
are you comparing it to that alright? I love this
no one scene remember the
scene when Amago Robbie goes to the movie
theater to go see the movie she's in
and then when she
has the scene and everyone laughs and she looks around
I know what that feels
like now because like the shit the couple of scenes
I was in everyone around me was laughing
at what happened
and it's the fucking
best buzz ever man
like to have like
some goofy shit you did
to be on screen
and have everyone around you laugh
that's exactly what it felt like
when I grew up in that movie
and that's one tiny part of it
like everybody involved
is you know
it was one professional actor
I think of the whole movie
and it reminded me of like
a 1990s independent
film like the look that the feel to it and there's never been a beer league movie i think this is
gonna be a huge hit uh it's got a lot of heart it's fucking hilarious and boys i can't wait for
you to see it i was very happy with how it turned out i know jeff jacobson jeff jacobson saw it he
said you were tremendous in it you were were you essentially the lead of the movie like did you
have the most scenes of any person uh i was the second billed person after the lead of the movie? Did you have the most scenes of any person?
I was the second-billed person after the credits.
Yeah, on the poster of the movie, you're front and center, R.A.
Yeah, and when it comes up, the opening credits, the late game,
and it's starring Alex Royce, and then I'm the second name to come up.
I was like, shit, my pants.
Holy shit.
Yeah, it's fucking wild, man. And like I said I'm the second name to come up. I was like, shit, my pants. Yeah. It's fucking wild,
man.
And like I said,
it was a ton of fun.
And also to like the collaborative thing that,
you know,
there's a hundred people there that behind the camera in front of the
camera that just worked on this thing.
And you,
you know,
you don't know how it's going to turn out and to come out and
everybody was so happy.
And like,
you guys know Jeff soccer.
He's just an eight.
So he,
his family owned the South Carolina stingrays.
He's got, I think when he, when they owned it, owned it bednar was actually the coach there right yeah and i think they they have since
sold majority of their stake there might be still minority owners but uh yeah he was the one who was
kicking tires on doing that uh project in colorado with the echl team doing one in colorado springs
calling it the big horns i still think he's trying and trying to get in with that one arena there.
Is that what the arena is called?
That one arena?
Yeah.
So, yeah, he's been so good to us.
And, Ari, I'm glad that you got to connect and continue your
what's the term when you're an actor?
Thespian.
You're thespian.
You're thespian ways.
So this Shorzy thing has really propelled your acting career again.
Dude,
it really has. I mean, I can't thank Jared enough, but it's crazy
because, I mean, just figure if Colorado didn't
go to the fucking conference finals
or if we didn't go on that trip, I might
have never met him and things wouldn't have fallen down in this
way. But it's
wild, dude. I just, to
look up and fucking see a post with my name on it,
it was a ton of fun. And yeah, I hope it leads to much more and yeah chosie season three that's gonna be coming a couple clicks
for ra the thespian margot robbie comparison i love it oh yeah no no did that scene but what's
good too like this it's not like you know chosie i'm obviously playing like an exaggerated version
of myself and the town you know i look i'm I'm a ghost. You don't see me.
I obviously play it up for laughs,
but this one was like,
yeah,
I really like how to be like a character and like kind of had it,
had to dig in and like fucking,
I sound fucking like pretentious as fuck,
but like act,
you had to go like,
and be like a different person,
man.
And to see the response,
to see the response,
it was a buzz I never had before.
And I can't wait for you boys in the audience and everyone else to see it. I love that.
We can move along. I'm gloating a little bit too much.
When it is available, you can re-mention it
and let everyone know
where they can watch it.
There's going to be a more formal
premiere coming up. It's definitely going to be streaming.
We will keep everyone abreast.
I'll shut up about it. I'm probably gloating a little bit
too much here, but we do have a final note here.
We have a huge thank you and a huge goodbye to a good friend of ours.
Uh,
Erica,
a CEO at Barstool.
She has left.
She,
she came to Barstool.
She,
she kicked ass.
She took games.
She did what she had to do.
Uh,
she brought this company to a level that,
uh,
nobody would have foreseen way back in the day.
And,
uh,
you know,
what's it a rise in tide lifts all boats.
Well,
she was that tide who lifted all of us. And, we want to her a fail on a goodbye i'll give it to you with i know
you guys want to uh give her a few words as well yeah erica's an amazing person and just her talking
about what happened to barstool when she came there and how i think they had like exceeded their
five year plan within like 18 months or something absolutely crazy. And just talking about the
dream Dave had and how, when she came in and how it kind of went above and beyond what they even
could have imagined. So it kind of makes sense. Once Dave bought back the company, I think Erica
probably realized that she'd move on at some point, considering that they'd kind of done what
they'd hoped to do. And then some, so without her, who knows where we're at. And then the coolest
thing for us was that from the time I met her,
and you're the same biz,
like she always believed in our show and our brand so much.
And I think anyone out there with a job will tell you
when your boss is the one telling you that you can do this,
you guys can be even bigger.
Like this is just the beginning.
Like just, it gives you an extra motivation
and extra confidence in terms of believing in what we could do.
So without her, we're not nearly where we're at.
Barstool isn't where it's at. And she's just an amazing person that we want to wish the best to.
You couldn't have picked a more perfect person to take over as CEO looking back.
Just to kind of piggyback what you said, like she never once put a governor on spit and
chickle. It's like everything that we asked for in order to try to move forward and excel and be better uh she gave it to us uh
she's a bulldog like even to the even to the point where sometimes that you know we would be in
meetings and you know we would get into it and it's you know i'd never like seen anything like
that before i've never seen someone bark back at you like erica and it was the best and it was
awesome and it made me love her more and it made me realize that she should be the woman in that position so uh we can't thank her enough i don't know what's next for erica but
wherever she goes she's gonna help bring them to the next level much like she did for barstool
and and helping us because we we talk about it all the time like i don't think there's any pink
whitney without erica no and deirdre lester as well who ended up moving on like you know fdny
nypd played a huge role Chicklets Cup
played a huge role every big thing we've done she's been right there every step of the way
encouraging us being like this can be bigger we can make more money off this let's go all in on
this which is like Whit said it's so encouraging well that that too right like these people who
have helped solidify and helped us open up these channels to do Chicklets Cups or whatever it may
be like she was part of that hiring process in order to bring those people on barstool so those Spotify and helped us open up these channels to do chicklets cups or whatever it may be. Like
she was part of that hiring process in order to bring those people on barstool. So those are
resources that we were using from them. And it goes even farther to like us wanting to do,
you know, more sandbaggers, like bringing on Pasha full time, uh, you know, fish and Sean,
like adding these types of players to our team and, and, and really allowing us to get there
was all part of Erica's help.
And we love her.
And,
uh,
you know,
we're,
we're a little sad that she's leaving,
but,
you know,
every good thing has to come to an end and I don't know where she's going
to end up boys,
but,
uh,
they got a good one.
She'll crush it.
Yeah.
She'll crush it.
So thank you.
All right.
Well said boys.
And,
next time we talk to you,
we are going to be in Toronto,
Ontario next week.
We're going to be bouncing all around.
We're going to actually have a day late next week.
Our podcast will be dropping Wednesday next week.
But the more the merrier.
We'll have some good stuff.
And the reason for that is we're going to be recording on Tuesday.
All together, we're going to be at the Gretzky's Basement.
This pop-up they've launched.
If you want to go pre-order or pre-register your spot there.
I mean, it's filling up quick.
I don't even know if they
have any spots available but we're going to be there on tuesday and wednesday and then i think
it's going to be open till the end of the week and uh it's going to be a ball guys it's going
to be a shit show in toronto then we got king's tap on friday too king's tap if you can't make
it there 5 to 6 30 p.m that's at 100 king street west in Toronto. We'll be there at Pink Whitney Party. It's going to be an absolute blast.
And a live show too.
Oh, we're doing it.
We're doing it. With special
guests. We're not going to tell you who's going to be popping
out, but it will be a
gong show. Alright guys,
thanks for listening. Love you all.
Love you. Peace. to the pot but then you come on in
and take it up a notch
you hit me with a cheap shot
a cheap shot
she hit me with a cheap shot
a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox
to cleanse her mind Another week rolls in
We're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound
In my minivan
But I said something
That crossed the line
Oh, and I know she felt it
So I said she could have a free one on the chain
She went below the bell, shit
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot I think we need a deep talk Outro Music
