Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say a drunken speech is just so the thought.
I like to poke a bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 482 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
And the Postal Sports Podcast family
Guys, we're feeling it, five days in Toronto
First ever Spittin' Chicklets trip Slob and Occo, all-star weekend Biz, we're feeling it. Five days in Toronto. First ever spit and chicklets trip.
Slob and Occo. All-star weekend.
Biz, how you feeling, buddy? You know what?
That intro was actually better than expected
considering all the rage. It was horrible
and still better than expected.
Because that's R.A. right now, guys.
You're in one with him this episode.
I was watching Biz's face.
But you know what? It's the end of a
chicklets trip, right? It's already being buckled.
So here we go.
We deal with it.
But what a week.
You're right.
It's been an incredible experience up here.
The passion for the fans.
And I hate Leafs fans, but goddamn, they're passionate.
And all these chicklets people that have come up to us, come to our show.
We have so much to go through.
It's been a blast.
I'm ready to go home.
And this All-Star game took over the city.
It's been incredible.
I got here on Monday. Most of the guys go home now. And this All-Star game took over the city. It's been incredible.
I got here on Monday.
Most of the guys rolled in Tuesday.
Then we did the pod.
But given the fact that we did get a lot of partying in,
we did get a lot of work as well.
We have some amazing interviews banked,
one of which is coming out today, Glenn Healy.
This guy put a quarter in him,
and he's doing tons of amazing work for the PA. But we got to start with Wednesday, boys.
The alumni.
The alumni. Here we go. No, I'm fucking wrong. Well, he's done it all, though. He's done it all amazing work for the PA. But we got to start with Wednesday, boys. The alumni. Or the alumni.
Here we go.
No, I'm fucking wrong.
Well, he's done it all, though.
He's done it all.
We go over that.
He's done it all.
But we got to start with Wednesday, right?
Yep.
That was kind of when we got the ball rolling with interviews at Gretzky's basement.
Yeah, great stuff.
Thanks to all to jump off.
Ty, Tristan, Trevor Gretzky, and Wayne, obviously, the setup they had.
Just this random house.
They just set this Gretzky's basement up, a pop-up shop.
They had all the old memorabilia.
The way they had all the TV setup was nice.
Yeah, we banged out the interviews, and then we went to dinner.
What was the name of the place?
Voto?
Voto Voto or something?
No, Soto Soto.
So it's a famous Italian restaurant here.
I want to say the first one burnt down, but every Canadian celebrity, like Drake's always there.
I think he's wheeling in.
Every time he's in town, he's at least there once a week.
And they keep it pretty private.
So, you know, Brendan Shanahan, we've been asking him to come on the podcast for like a couple of years now.
And I think what his answer is, is when we win the Stanley Cup.
So I know he's never going to come on.
Shut the fuck up.
He's coming on soon because we got the mojo going.
And he was nice enough to say, hey, you're going to be here for All-Star with the boys.
And he's a big RA jock sniffer. So he goes goes let's get all the boys over to soto soto so he booked the dinner
we all went there and then he even had a bigger bigger surprise when we got there he's uh he's
made and he's been buddies for a while with will arnett so he gave him the last minute invite
considering he was going to be in town as one of like the the star captains slash coaches of uh what was he with team white team mckinnon he was i thought he was mcdavid's
coach he was mcdavid's coach my apologies so we get there and fucking will arnett's there and ra
i mean i'll give give it over to you here you get to sit down right across from brennan shanahan for
a four hour dinner yeah i didn't definitely didn't expect that. I remember we were all
filing in and I was probably seventh or eighth and
he's like, are you sitting here? Yes. And he's like,
I'm sitting right here across from him. And
then will or not, I was like, I think I'm just coming over to kiss the
ring and say hi to Shania. And he sits down
right next to him. And it was like, are you fucking kidding me? Because
when I was coming up here, I said to the old lady, I was like, I
only want to meet well on that. If we go up here this weekend, let
alone fucking that next day, we're having dinner with him.
And he was so entertaining, but not as entertaining as fucking Chicklets memes
because he fell in love with fucking memes, and they were like best buds.
So Chicklets memes.
He's going to steal Dale.
That's the problem.
Well, he's been threatening us that he's going to steal him as a worker,
but I would say that this trip was memes he's coming out party,
and he's been a very reliable worker for the Spitting Chicklets podcast
with how much he's running the social media and all the extra bullshit he does but he and will arnett
were playing tummy sticks at dinner the entire time to the point where will arnett then commits
to come to the live show on thursday now i never expect when the like will arnett to say yeah maybe
i'll pop by the live show that he's actually going to follow through with it
because of the amount of tummy sticks
that him and memes were playing
and the fact that I think he's trying to,
what do you call it when you take a worker from steel?
Well, yeah, there's a poach.
Poach.
Trying to poach.
I turned my brain on about halfway through that intro.
At one point though,
like you could hear Will and Dale talking
and Dale's like, I have a movie like i just
want to run by you and like is it mcgruber the movie jason bjorn jason bjorn and like i just
picture like him jumping out of a boat into the ocean but then he starts swimming and he's not
going anywhere and i'm like what is dale talking about this is the worst movie i've ever heard
and will arnett's like, that's unbelievable. Yeah, I
could see this. I could see this.
He goes, that's a horrible idea, and I
hate the movie, but I want to make
a movie about you making
that movie.
So that's kind of when the wheels started
turning. Hear me out, man.
It's Jason Bajor, and it's going to be a
trilogy. I heard him say that oh yeah oh yeah
i mean he hasn't taken his dale earnhardt jacket off once which is just a hilarious look typical
memesy but can we mention that memes has the hottest sister no how did that surprise okay
so we're down now third so we get to th and we'll go back to Wednesday at dinner. Oh, Wednesday at dinner. Also Nylander's in there. And we look over, he's just in a tank top,
just a white tank top winter hat. I'm like, all right, well, this kid, maybe he truly does run
the city. He came over and said, hi, then me and Merle's are downstairs. Bieber's down there. He
like escapes out pretty quick. And there's about five or six security guards with him at all times.
And like, these guys were kind of just out to lunch at the end of the bar and they saw him like get
out and walk out quick and they're like fumbling around with their food and shit to try to go
chase after him so it was very entertaining restaurant like that's a scene in there oh
great thing too great food thanks to shannon i actually talked to bieber oh did you i went down
when they're the security guys were sleeping a little bit i went went and said, I said, hey, sorry, everybody.
We're bringing it home.
And then he's like, security.
No, I didn't even have a chance to speak.
I got put in an armbar and carried out.
I had to beg to get back in upstairs to see Nylander's tits hanging out of his tank top.
So, hey, I will say, I don't know what guarantees I have for the Leafs winning the Cup,
but I can guarantee you this.
If you let your girlfriend or wife around William Nylander in Toronto,
he's probably going to bend her over.
Yeah, you're dead meat.
You're done.
You're done.
So what were we getting to on Thursday?
One last thing from that dinner was when Shanahan was telling us a story
when he got hired and he called Will.
Oh, yeah.
And Will was like, this is going to be huge for us.
This is huge for us.
Like, he's part of the job.
And Shanahan's like, what do you mean us?
Yeah. But it was a blast kind of hearing them go back and forth and even to the point where all the alumni for the leafs
they get this like beautiful blue fitted blazer kind of like you won the masters but for the
leafs and will arnett bullied uh shanee and to give him one but it says like a ambassador
so now i'm on shanee's ass to get me an ambassador jacket. Well, you're the biggest ambassador.
Hopefully we...
I don't know, man. We were talking about
that Smartless pod that actually, I believe
it just sold for like 65
or 100 million bucks.
We were talking about kind of what we're doing here
as far as downloads and
our social. They're getting 5
million people listening to every
single show.
This is something that it's him and Bateman.
Is there another guy?
Yeah. Jason Bateman.
Will and Grace, Sean Hayes.
Sean Hayes.
Sean Hayes.
So it's the three of them.
I'm sure most of you who are listening know who Will Arnett is
and know that he has a podcast, but I think it was right around COVID.
And who's, I think it's Dax Shepard.
Dax Shepard.
Dax Shepard is his buddy. And he started one.
And I don't really think Will Arnett knew much about podcasts. So he went over to his house to
see, okay, what, what type of equipment do I have to buy? Assuming it was going to be a major
investment. And he walks to the room. He's like, that's it. That's all I have to do to like a
microphone, a computer and a mic. And I can start this. So he was going to do it himself. And then
Bateman called and said, no, me and the other guy are in so they bullied him into adding them
and they sat down and the premise is is that they each of them invites a guest but the other two
guys and they rotate and the other guys don't know who the guest is going to be and it's awesome
they've had wayne on of course they've had shanee and tons of other celebrities will ferrell yeah
they did shanee and then so if i bring a guy a guy and you guys don't know I'm bringing the guy,
I put him in with you guys and I leave?
No, no, no.
You stick around.
You stick around and you kind of break the ice,
but then they just snap it around.
It would be crazy if you didn't know they were coming
and then it was like Will on the net at the live show.
It's kind of like he came backstage, we weren't out yet,
and I was like, because I heard he might come,
but you know, you never know, people might not come.
So yeah, that'd be a cool concept for a pod, but beauty for showing up.
Well, and I think he's just, they're cut from the same cloth where most of the podcasts
are just shitting on what the other guy's saying, right?
So it's very much hockey-like.
And I think that that's probably why we were able to snap it around and fit in with him.
And he's a Toronto guy as well.
So that helped.
And what an unreal dinner with him.
And we can't thank him enough.
I'm going to hand it over to you, Whit, to talk about the
memes-y situation and then we can move
on to the live show. We haven't even hit Thursday here.
How mushed were our brains
after day one?
Right now, we're firing at like
10 of our capabilities.
Day one was like five or six interviews right out of
the bubble. Yeah, we did five on Wednesday
then we did the dinner. Great time.
So then Thursday, we just kind of took the day to relax
and chill before the live show. And we had
to go over and do the sound check and everything
around noon. But whatever. We get
downstairs Thursday. Everyone met
downstairs at, say, 630. We weren't
going over until 830. And
I'm with Yans. There's
a bunch of people back there. And we just see memes.
And you see the guy.
You're like, who is this guy?
Even if you don't know him.
And memes is with two smoke shows.
Like, oh, wow, memes.
He's always wheeling.
He's always wheeling.
He's always talking to girls.
He's always jumping around here and there.
But I said, oh, he must have met these girls.
He's bringing them to the live show.
Good for memes.
Good for memes.
So he walks in.
And he's like, guys hey yans hey
this is my sister and i was like what the fuck and yans goes what the hell happened to you memes
it was insane and everyone it was like going around like wildfire i was like that's memes
his sister this doesn't make any sense she's showing us pictures of him when he's 10 years old.
They went out to the All-Star game when he was like 9 or 10.
He's got pictures.
Mario Lemieux's hugging memes.
He's getting hugs from all these different superstars.
And memes is embarrassed by the pictures.
He was a butterball, to say the least, at 10 years old.
Yeah.
But he doesn't have, like, the mustache.
I didn't even know it was him.
But it was just incredible to see that that's a family member of Dale Morningstar. What I love is it's Danica, Danica and Dale Morningstar. I love that.
One guy is a NASCAR absolute beauty. He's going to be with Will Arnett soon and the other one's
a rocket. So good for the Morningstar family. The first time that happened, I did a big deal
brew event in my hometown of Welland, Ontario. And I don't even know if he told me he was bringing his sister.
And he showed up, and I'm just like, who is this Rocket?
And he's like, that's my sister.
And I'm like, okay, all right, here.
She'll be sleeping in my room tonight.
Buddy, I can tell you, honestly,
from a distance of seeing that interaction with the Yans and you,
when his sister rolled in,
everybody was like, what the fuck is going on here?
Defy science.
Yeah, because it just started buzzing around that that's that's dale's sister and like everyone girls guys were like what
the fuck but hey what he what he maybe lacks in looks he makes up tenfold in charisma and i have
never seen a guy with a what's uh what's the when you when you have a motor and you can't go too fast? Idle or regulator.
Regulator.
Yeah, like a regulator. A governor?
A governor. There you go.
With a governor like that, but he exceeds
on the wheels, man, every time.
He's got a lot of girls in London, Ontario
chasing his coattails. He wears those
I think they're like snakeskin
boots. He always has them on.
They're up to here. I said, Dale, do you wear those every time you go out? He's like, I think they're like snakeskin boots. Yeah. He always has them on. They're up to here.
I said, Dale, do you wear those like every time you go out?
He's like, yeah.
One time me and Rick were out and I just had my normal shoes on and Rick had his boots on.
And this girl went up to Rick and said, I love your boots.
And I just thought, fuck me, man.
I'm never not wearing my boots out again.
I was like, this guy's a cartoon.
I love him to death.
I love him.
And truth be told,
I think he's got a Coke can cock.
So that doesn't hurt when in the ladies category.
Okay.
One of those guys.
Did his sister tell you that?
Get us a rewrite.
Oh,
speaking of sexual acts,
how about Gretzky fondling my mom's arms at the Gretzky's basement,
dude? Holy shit. I got a new stepdad, folks. a sexual axe how about gretzky fondling my mom's arms at the gretzky's basement dude holy shit i
got a new stepdad folks sometimes you see tweets and you know like that thing's going viral that's
a good tweet i saw yours what was it just keep your hands to yourself wait or something i was
losing i am you know he was getting he was getting just being so nice and friendly and all of a sudden
biz comes in and everyone's like what the fuck way? Wayne's probably like, Jesus Christ, dude, I'm just trying to show
up to my legendary basement here and now
I'm getting memed to death with Yolanda.
Get this guy out of the TNT
seat. What if memes made a thing of
a great Canadian heritage moment?
Sometimes
I eat too many chocolate bars,
but they don't know the real me.
But the live show, guys.
I don't think you'll get that
joke unless you're Canadian.
What was it?
This kid with zits all over his face,
his old commercial from back in the day.
He's like, some people say
too many chocolate bars or that I don't wash
my face. But they don't know the
real me. And it just kind of was like
an awkward commercial. What commercial the ad for and
everybody talked about i think it was for basically acne anti-bullying and listen like i'm not chirping
either when i was younger i used to have fucking goiters on my face my back was at this i had the
worst back knee in the league buddy i'd be popping popping zits on my back i dropped four pounds in
weight like oh yeah like dr pipple popper biz nasty edition like bad enough where you
got like the pox back there now like some of the yeah yeah i got a little scarring going on in my
ass yeah yeah um that's where i hold my stress as they say right on my turd cutter ass like a
sewing machine wit here pink whitney time and what a week we've had in toronto we got to appreciate the love for pink
whitney in this province and this country and the amount of bars that has it available for shots for
drinks for any which way we had an ice luge going at one one spot it's just the best drink and
probably the most popular vodka in ontario right now that's just according to what everyone's
telling me all the guys who are drinking in here they it. We were able to do the meet and greet,
the Pink Whitney meet and greet.
The shots were flowing.
Everyone was enjoying their favorite mixture
and which way they like to drink it and make it.
So Pink Whitney's where it's at.
I think Biz already mentioned on our Chicklets cast
coming up on True TV.
Pop open a bottle of Pink Whitney,
grab some nips,
enjoy Biz and I.
We'll be having a couple if we're allowed to.
And hopefully you join in with your
favorite bottle whether it's the big guy the 1.5 the 750 the little nips we love pink whitney we
love you for drinking it and thank you so much to new amsterdam um but guys like i would say that uh
and and not to take anything away from the other live shows because they have a lot of you know
each one's special in its own right army even when we went back to pittsburgh like you know that was fun it was cool to see you
and your element man you're working for the team you had a bunch of family and friends there but
you know we're at the all-star game in toronto um we had some unbelievable guests lined up well
describe your idea to how we started the show it was awesome so it wasn't my idea it was it was
jeff jacobs okay and you know normally
when we're cooking on the phones like g comes up a great idea is like all the guys behind the scenes
sean fish and we got such an amazing team right and we like we have so much respect for 32 thoughts
because those guys grind their dicks off like you know elliot like he is a machine like i don't know
how how he mans the phones as much as he does even when i go to sportsnet to do hockey night in
canada like i barely talk to him because he's just constantly working working working pacing
everywhere everywhere man and he has to deliver this information in real time like he is a pros
pro and he deserves to be the top dog in canada and then as far as merrick's concern i kind of
described him much like gretzky where he's like a hockey encyclopedia. He remembers all these stories and all these names.
And anytime there's maybe like a dull moment,
he's able to think of something to kind of keep the conversation rolling.
So Jeff was like, how sick would this be if you said,
introducing the greatest hockey podcast on planet earth and with the lights out.
And all of a sudden the lights came on and it was 32 thoughts
and it was friedman and merrick just sitting there and i thought it was an incredible idea i shot the
text out to them they both thankfully were or luckily sorry were done their work with sportsnet
so they were able to come join us for a nine o'clock show and um i don't exactly think it
was the response we expected. I didn't.
And the response was these guys were booing these two.
And now, granted, we thought it would be like, oh, pretty funny, blah, blah, blah.
And we also wanted those guys out there as guests.
And then as Elliot left, Marek stayed on for the whole show.
He's an encyclopedia.
And, okay, they get on there and like a couple boos.
Like, oh, where are the chicklets, guys?
But at some point, like I thought it would then be like all right they're listening before we come
out some of these assholes are booing as these guys are trying to talk like they're trying to
like kind of set up the show they gave a couple different stories it's like why why don't you
shut the fuck up and listen to these two and stop booing them it made absolutely no sense now what
we realized is the show went on,
and 90 of the crowd was incredible.
They were into it.
There was about 100 goons.
Goons.
Goons.
OHL guy goons.
We usually start these shows at 7, 730,
but because of the draft and other things,
we did 930.
Now, I think what happened is that's an extra two hours
where people are guzzling drinks and so people were pretty fucked up when we were on the stage
during the show but it was enough where i think like twice i screamed shut the fuck up like
curtis joseph's trying to tell a story about doug gilmore and there's a couple clowns yelling like
their lines or whatever they think is going to be funny and we really we really couldn't even
hear each other that well.
And sometimes.
Yeah, probably my only complaint,
we can kind of dive into it more,
but the way that Elliot and Merrick handled it,
they were kind of like teasing back at the crowd
and playing into it,
just speaks volumes to them
and how they can roll the punches
and the fact that they're total pros.
So I love the intro.
They played into it well.
They played the heels.
And I was just very excited that they could show up.
I couldn't believe you guys.
I can't believe that worked out, that idea that they could come do it.
Because to your point, they're unreal.
Their podcast is big, too.
They do a great job.
But to roll it in, Chicklets and them together with the opening,
the idea, and then them to even be there
was like i thought it was unbelievable i can't i thought people would think that would be
unbelievable yeah i and i think like i said 90 of the people were amazing they're just 100 and i'll
say like we we obviously thanked everybody after the show but i was a little disappointed in the
like the 10 of goons that showed up to the point we're moving forward if people are going to act
like that we're going to have to ask them to leave. Like it was just, it was a level of like, we get
that it's going to be rowdy, but there was a level of disrespect. So a little bit of disappointment,
although still the most, still the most special show that I've been a part of. Of course,
my parents were able to be there and hear my stinky pussy story, which was a good time,
but the hits kept on coming. Right we had elliot we had merrick
elliot ended up taking off as we introduced who was it will arnett who came out first came out
yeah and that was done so by memes who introduced them with like a little body armor segment so we
surprised the crowd and will arnett like wasn't even there and the plan was to introduce him so
memes had done it and this is as will arnett walked off the elevator on the sixth was to introduce him. So memes had done it. And this is as will our net walked off the elevator on the sixth floor to
come out to this live show.
So he stayed out for about 15 minutes.
Crowd was fucking laughing.
Some of them were being dickheads,
but already like,
what was your,
what was your feeling on the RNF stuff?
I had no idea.
I don't know if you sandbagged me.
Cause I asked you a couple hours before.
Is he definitely coming to you?
Like I,
I don't,
there's no way he's coming.
So I,
I just wrote it off too bad.
It was great meeting him last night. So then when he came came out i shit my pants and he sat you know sat right
next to me he's just such a fucking hilarious guy and just to echo what you guys just said
about the crowd you see this a lot more just people are donkeys and fucking crowds and usually
fucking drunk drunk guys off the time but just shut the fuck up when you're at a show you know
what i mean like there were a lot of fans also telling the loud ones to shut up like it wasn't
just me with the mic like people were like we're trying to listen like so yeah sorry
to interrupt you that's right the good the good news is is we didn't have a scrap at the live show
no oh but we did have one the next day at the appearance but should we finish should we finish
up on the live show before we get into the donny brook at our appearance at king taps if if you
thought that the guy who snuck in
and we thought worked for the meet and greet in Lauderdale,
if you guys remember that story,
that was, I thought, going to be our number one meet and greet story.
That was GM Joe, we called him.
Yeah, yeah, that guy's unreal.
Yes, yes.
Well, no, because the meet and greet on Thursday,
maybe on a Friday,
maybe the most ridiculous human being and video we have in the history of this
podcast but i mean the show ended up we had yans out after arnett right yeah and then was there
any yans was awesome will was awesome yans was unreal i think he might have got the biggest pop
i know of it they went nuts for bigger than will arnett even bigger than kujo but i mean kujo ended
up coming out and kujo was unreal too yeah jesus kujo kujo mean, Cujo ended up coming out. Oh, Cujo was unreal too. Yeah, Jesus.
Cujo stole the show when he got up and just crushed a shot of Pink Whitney
when nobody asked him to do anything.
Cujo might be the biggest undercover beauty known to man.
He was gassing Pink Whitney shots on stage, trying to get the crowd.
I think he was trying to get to the level of all the hecklers.
He was trying to one-up them.
He reached that level by the end.
But he did tell some incredible leaf stories that only some of us
could hear and uh i don't really know what else there was from the live show that we could talk
about that uh that was a surprise or or a guest yeah i mean i thought it was a raging success at
the end of the day i mean the video screen up back like the block lettering behind us like
everything looked great out there what about you what do you want me well i was it was amazing well i think that theater was built in 1914 it's on the sixth
floor like you said biz like when we went there for the soundtrack i was like oh my god there's
like leaves hanging from the roof low ceilings and then there's a second deck kind of low ceiling the
way it was stretched out i couldn't believe we were in there and then i heard some history of
that place and what they do in there how long it's been around i used to do the nhl awards in there yeah it's just like a it's like
you feel like you're kind of a rock star yeah doing stuff like that so the whole team that put
all that together you're right though it looked i came in there i was like oh how's this gonna look
with all these people and potential guests and everything was kind of up in the air they had it
laid out spread out so good it looked freaking awesome. And part of the premise going into these things
is we don't want it too scripted,
but usually every guy has a couple stories.
And Armie, you're the only guy on stage
other than Cujo who played for the Leafs.
Yeah.
And you were here during some of the dog days.
And earlier that afternoon,
I don't even know if you had the story teed up,
but you ran into this guy, Hockey Illuminati.
Basically looks like my twin brother from another mother.
I like that guy. Yeah yeah he's a great dude
he does a lot of social videos and he reminded you of this period of time when you had leafs fans
like chucking shit well they threw waffles at us on the ice it was like a big uh they call it
waffle gate here in toronto at that time i don't know why i don't i still i i don't know who the
guy is obviously i think he got like suspended to ever go back to the rink again like a lifetime band or something like that but like he brought in like waffles under a trench
coat like a box of egg old waffles and like for some reason like just started frisbeeing them on
the ice out of any connector with you he'd like landed on my stick one hit frankie broshman in
the back like it was crazy they're flying everywhere and everyone's like, what's going on? No one knew.
Wafflegate. It's tripped.
It was the headlines
for the next week and a half
here in Toronto and it's like, things
weren't going great and on top of it, we've got Wafflegate.
From a weight, frisbee
in frozen situation,
kind of a nice, smart thing
to bring to a game.
The big thing was, and I don't know still,
what it meant.
What was the hidden thing behind it?
I remember I think there was an interview.
I think he probably just went to his fridge
before he went to the game and said,
what do I got here that I could throw at the players?
That won't hurt anyone.
The ears are all freezer burned.
Yeah, yeah.
Everyone was like, maybe he works for Ego.
What a brilliant marketing move.
Because it was like, it took off. It was the talk of the town uh forever kind of like a guy i think at a blue jays game
didn't he throw like a can of beer at someone and they like found video of the guy they tracked him
down like cancel him ruin his life never allowed a game again but it was it was before that but it
was like no one knew so like that that kind of ran like everyone's trying to figure out what the
hell did this mean?
What was he saying?
Are they waffling on the ice?
It was crazy.
And it was crazy here, a little playing in Toronto.
But when you have something like that here, it gets a little bit going again,
which is like.
Ego gate.
Ego gate, yes.
I did love the story Army told about him on the shitter in Target getting the phone call.
Oh, this is unbelievable.
This is unbelievable.
I'd never heard this one either.
You didn't hear that one?
I'd never heard it before the live show.
Oh, yeah.
I was back in Wilkes-Barre, believe it or not, at this time.
And I went to Target to buy time during the day because my sister-in-law was getting married.
And I had to go to the bathroom.
So I quickly whipped in there and take a quick deuce and phone rang a bad decision to
answer it i should have answered it you wouldn't know number or block number uh it was a toronto
number and i was like oh okay so i just answered it and they're like it's like hey it's berkey
and he just got straight to the point like no no screwing around, like on Moneyball, you know, like here's your thing.
Go, you're leaving.
Call this guy.
It was kind of like that.
And it was Berkey.
He's like, thanks for everything.
We're buying out the final year of your contract.
While I was in a Target bathroom taking a dude, he said,
he was like, okay, thanks a lot.
Appreciate you having me on the team.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
And then if you know the anxiety
that can sometimes overtake Army,
I can't imagine you in a Target
shitter after you just found out.
It must have looked like it was just a bad
experience when I came out. Holy
shit. I was probably paler than normal,
sweating. It must have just
looked horrendous. It looked like RA coming out of there.
If you get bought out of the shitter, you come out
looking like RA. Looked like R.A. coming out of there. Yeah. If you get bought out of the shitter, you come out looking like R.A.
Yeah.
A2 on me.
What were your thoughts on the live show?
Like, last thing.
Yeah, it's amazing.
We show up there, and there was nothing done in the whole place three, four hours before.
And then we come back, and it's just all set up.
The barstool people have the green room stocked with drinks and food.
And it's just an
amazing experience they go by so fast for me like we're out there so nervous about it all day and
then all of a sudden you blink and it was over and it was wild i get i get anxiety like performance
anxiety like in a good way it gets me excited for things like before we record before i do an
interview uh that a live show is a different level that's probably the most that i experience and
but like you said like once you get out there and i'll say this wit like that was probably the the
single sickest performance i've ever seen you were fucking the first 20 minutes folks i don't think
anyone else said a word and wit had this fucking crowd in stitches even the people that were being
donkeys were shutting up and listening and laughing to everything that you were saying.
I did come out like hot out of the gates.
And then at one point I was, I was, it was cause at that point it was me, you are a American Elliot and G.
And I was kind of thinking like, all right, nobody said a word in 10 minutes.
I'm kind of just ranting enough.
But then I kind of looked to you.
I'm like, all right, you got anything?
You're like, keep going.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The hell you were going.
I mean, I think I was actually a lot more excited for this one because our last one in Boston last year, all right you got anything you're like keep going yeah yeah the hell you were going no i i mean i
think i was actually a lot more excited for this one because our last one in boston last year
i don't know being around like a lot of my family and friends that were in the crowd gave me a little
extra kind of nervousness anxiety and then here i was like well most of these people hate my guts
anyways i kind of thought in terms of my hatred for the leafs so i was like i don't give a shit
so i was like way more confident going into this one but yeah the leafs fans were great at taking your
shots though the leafs fans i couldn't believe it because i was giving it to the leafs organization
and i thought like there'd be thanks for dinner shanny but i but i thought there'd be some like
guys getting pissed but they actually were laughing pretty hard at my my torturing of the of the leafs franchise and their fan base so it was awesome man your rant was electric on that it
was it was a lot of fun dude it was a lot of fun i felt great after that one and then like after
that we went over to uh marble marble buddy you had your first peter gerges guy okay here we go
have you guys i don't know if you've ever heard peter bomb peter
bomb as we got in and now i've always heard about him but i'd never actually met him
and as we're in there we probably got there at say like i don't know 11 11 30 and then i just
hear somebody like every 5 10 minutes on the mic with a voice like this he's fucking going nuts
hey guys yeah and he's just like talking to the entire bar ripping ripping shots. And then you were like, that's gorgeous.
I said, holy shit.
So he came over and we were introduced.
And I was like, what's up, great man?
He's like, you've never fucking met a motherfucker if you never met me, you motherfucker.
This is unbelievable.
He's like, put me in a headlock.
He's like, let's go over.
Peter Bombs, Peter Bombs.
We're doing Peter Bombs.
And he brings me over.
He's like, Peter Bombs with Pink Whitney.
I'll make sure there's fucking Pink Whitney in there.
And so the girl brings over four, but it's just me and him i'm like why does he have four
why does he have four and then like he does one i do one he's like here i was like buddy i don't
think so he's like shut the fuck up do it right now i was like oh my god and then he brings like
he has a security guard this huge guy dreadlocks he's a man and he came over and he's like follow
whitney around you're gonna help him out i'm like but i'm good i'm good he's the man. And he came over and he's like, follow Whitney around. You're going to help him out. I'm like, bud, I'm good.
I'm good.
He's like, I got to do what he said.
I'm like, no, please leave me alone.
He's like, all right.
And then as I'm walking away, Gurgis is like, fucking A, wit dog.
That is so.
And this guy.
And he was a party boy.
He doesn't sleep seven nights a week.
Party boy.
He started back in the day.
I think the place was called 100 Days in Vancouver.
And that's, I don't know if he's from Vancouver, but that's where he res back in the day i think the place was called hundred days in vancouver and that's i
don't know if he's from vancouver but that's where he resided at the time and he just bought he got
buddy buddies with all the canucks players and anytime he rolled into town they'd be like hey
reach out to gergie he's thrown some of the most iconic nhl rookie parties i think washington had
one one year they got the top four the shangri-la and he had like 150 girls over there teed up like
it was just a fucking and i love that now hela and he had like 150 girls over there teed up like it was just
a fucking and i love that now he was telling me he's still living over there and now cuba gooding
juniors here in town for a while cuba gooding junior sleeping on his couch this week no he
told me that he did for one night and he's like you got to get a room downstairs cuba and then
like for cuba i i've met cuba a long time ago like i probably we've probably ran into each other 10
times in the past 15 years so every time i see it we we probably ran into each other 10 times in the
past 15 years so every time i see it we're catching up and he's just hilarious and the
funny thing was the next day at our meet and greet which was friday like they rolled into uh what was
the name of king king king taps awesome bar we'll get into the the lunatic that we had to deal with
there but but gurgis and cuba walked in and at probably around 5.30 and somebody's like they just got out of bed
for sure like that was their like breakfast
basically they were just getting it going
again I can't believe your Gurgis
imitation like your memes
imitation is great but this Gurgis
one is bad
you're the new Shane Gillis
I'm actually not a good imitation guy for the most part
oh yeah
he just felt like Peter Farrell No, I'm actually not a good imitation guy for the most part. Oh, yeah, right. His voice like this.
He just sounds like Peter Farrell, Scotty Farrell, the fucking DJ.
Yeah, I know Scotty.
Yeah, that's what he sounds like.
He kind of does, yeah.
I told the  I had a couple of girls wet my bed.
Did I ever tell the story in the pod?
Probably.
I had a girl over.
I was about to go on a road trip, and I woke up like probably two hours
before our alarm was supposed to go off.
She pissed the entire bed, so we slept on a sliver of it.
And I was doing his radio show at the time, and he would call me,
The Pisser! The Pisser's coming on today! We got Paul Pissinette!
So, Scotty Farrell's an OG. I appreciate you bringing his name on.
I used to call him all the time back in the day on Sirius Radio.
Oh, did you? Yeah, well before. The Pisser's coming on! I appreciate you bringing that up. I used to call him all the time back in the day on Sirius Radio. I'll call you.
Oh, did you?
Yeah, well before.
The pisser's coming on.
But the one thing about this year's trip and the live shows is usually, like, I'll pick one night on these trips to get after it.
And it's fun to do it after the live show. But this live show, because we were trying to pack so much in, we had three interviews starting at 1030 in the morning on Friday morning so it's a little bit like i will i'll be useless in these interviews tomorrow if we rip it
up but we still got up we got after it and we banged out three interviews before no four i
think maybe before the live show before the meet and greet yeah so i think we we got uh sam reinhardt
we got sebastian aho uh vitrono beautiful i love that guy yeah and then tux and then darcy tucker
famous leaf so that was we did 11 interviews here which is great and uh another thing too we've
kind of glanced over other ship so because we had such a heavy workload actually dana white about a
week or two ago when the ufc was here gave a a glaring
endorsement for a place it's like a a sauna cold tub retreat where you can go you can either take
classes where there's like a free there's a free flow where you can just kind of go at your own
pace or you're kind of dunking in for 30 seconds and i've been a guy who started doing all these
cold tubs with you the same you got the setup in your basement i got the infrared sauna and the
cold tub next to it and i've made it a daily routine in the morning and
it actually some people like chirp all this stuff and say it's all mental i don't know i feel way
better it's the dopamine kick that you get which apparently like you know there's a lot of science
behind it but basically we were hurting all these mornings at least exhausted you go over
20 minutes in the sauna four or five minutes in the cold tub, the cold tub, I think it was 30 degrees, 32 degrees maybe. And then right back in
the sauna, do that again, back in the cold tub finish. And every time we did it, we were buzzing
after. And Oh God, I saw my, uh, Oh my God. I saw my future ex-wife there. I I've seen her twice.
I didn't have the balls. You got to respect people's space, especially when they're in a
place like that. I didn't end up giving her my, I did say have the balls. You got to respect people's space, especially when they're in a place like that.
I didn't end up giving her my name.
I did say hello to her.
She's from Oakville.
Can I go through how you say hello?
If she hears this, please contact her.
So Pasha, yeah, Biz was like, I think I got to get in touch with the owner of the other ship
and just try to hack into the database to find out who this woman is.
But so Pasha and I are dressed, and we're just standing kind of near the lockers waiting for biz to get dressed because you were coming out a little later and this this
woman entered very attractive woman like she walked behind me and pasha and we were just like
jesus like that's a that's a beautiful woman and she goes down to the end and now biz walks by
so biz doesn't see me and pasha like as of now he walks by and like
sees this girl and just looks and sees us and he's like holy shit pointing i'm like oh my god
what's he gonna do and all of a sudden he's getting his gear and he's like hey how you doing
did i seen you here the other day and she seemed very friendly to you you had a little like good
rapport yeah but you chickened out at the end yeah i i bitched out like i said in a setting like that like if i know if i'm in like a library and a girl studying doing work not saying
i would ever be in library i'm just trying to give an example the library i'm just i'm just
trying to give you an example you try to just be respectful so i wrote my number on her shoe
sole of her shoe with a sharpie no. No way. No, I didn't.
I'm fucking with you.
I'm fucking with you.
It was the insole.
The rest of the week.
I was sitting eating lunch with him at one point.
He's just shaking his head.
He's like, fuck.
And I'm like, oh, what?
Interview canceled?
He's like, that girl at the other ship.
I think the day of the live show, I thought about her no less than 30 times.
Couldn't take a pregame nap.
Was regretting not giving her my number.
Now, it was, listen, other Ship, shout out to you guys.
You guys took care of us.
Thank you to Other Ship for hitting the reset button for us
to get through all these interviews.
Buddy, that was sick in there, though.
Like, I didn't know what to expect going to a place like that.
It's cock talk.
Yeah, it was unreal, though.
Like, you get in there, like you said, but they have a giant sauna.
Like, this oven in the sauna is, like, bigger than this coffee table.
It is huge.
And they're putting scents on there.
They're putting essential oils, essential oils.
It smells so nice in there.
And then she's doing this towel thing.
She's wafting towels on us.
Like the air is blowing into us.
It was just insane.
And I wouldn't have lasted in the cold tub in there.
I don't think I would have lasted in the cold tub.
If our shaman, our cold tub shaman in there it like the worker if she wasn't there with me
i got in you plunge down under and then it's like you you it's like you hang on and then you're
cox and any yeah that's the coldest one i've ever been in like mine's not set to that i couldn't
believe my breathing though like you're a big breathing guy right i was just i was like
that's like frantic that's how i used to breathe with a puck on my stick.
And she was standing beside me though.
She was like, she's like, breathe in, breathe out.
Oh, she helped you through it.
She got me through like the first like 30 seconds.
That's insane.
And then I told her when I got out the first time,
like, and then I got in the second time,
I was felt more comfortable.
She was there again.
But I said, if you weren't there, like telling me to breathe and like calm me down i wouldn't
have lasted the full like you're supposed to stand for two minutes she said at max if you're doing if
you're doing a bachelor party to toronto you should book one of these probably like 11 12 o'clock
every single day yes and just and just get the fucking poison i was a great way to start the
day honestly it was so fun getting the boys together and get out of there.
So shout out to other ship.
Uh,
they got two locations in Toronto.
I think they're expanding.
Fuck.
I hope they're taking investors,
dude.
Cause I didn't invest in that in two seconds.
Before we continue,
I got to talk to you about rocket money.
Do you ever feel like money is just flying out of your account and you have
no idea where it's going?
Well,
I know it's all of those subscriptions.
Think about it.
Between streaming services, fitness apps,
delivery services, parenting apps, it's endless.
And I went through this where all of a sudden I realized,
I think we had three Netflix accounts,
two Disney Plus accounts,
all these different apps and issues
and paying way too much than we should be.
And about a year ago, I hopped on Rocket Money
because I realized I had to figure out
how to save a little dough
and that I was overpaying
for all the different apps my family used.
Rocket Money is a personal finance app
that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions,
monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills.
I can see all of my subscriptions in one place,
and if I see something I don't want,
I can cancel it with just a tap.
I never have to get on the phone with customer service.
They'll even try to get you a refund for the last couple of months of wasted money
and negotiate to lower your bills for you by up to 20.
All you have to do is take a picture of your bill,
and Rocket Money takes care of the rest.
Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has helped save its memberships
an average of 720 a year with over 500 million in canceled subscriptions.
Stop wasting money on things you don't use.
Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocketmoney.com slash chicklets.
That's rocketmoney.com slash chicklets.
And I'll tell you this.
I got on this, and you won't believe how easy it is because you just easily go online.
You click what you don't want.
It also sends you anytime your card gets charged.
Any bill you have paid they can set up
And it's so easy to use
The app and it's website is perfect
So rocketmoney.com
Let's save some money now
So what the fuck happened at King Taps
I missed whatever this is
So after all these interviews
There was a quick bite to eat
And it was off to our Pink Whitney appearance
At King Taps
I think this place held, what, 7?
6,000 people.
Yeah, it felt like a Costco in there.
That's a sick bar, though.
And so we all kind of divided and conquered because there was a lot of fans there to take pictures with.
And I guess I'll start off because I saw the goon first.
And there was a line by the entranceway, and I had the Pink Whitney backdrop.
And everybody's being friendly.
You shake their hand, hey, come in for a picture. You know, they, they say, you know, whether they
listen to the paw, what their favorite interview was quick interaction. Now, you know, normally
when you see guys and you see when they got the squirrely eyes, they're a little too gooned up
and you're just hoping that the interaction goes by smoothly. So he hands his phone off to the
security guard. He takes a quick picture. I think we're off and done and no he grabs me with his phone and then he says selfie and i said okay so i snuggle in with him and i said he takes
the picture i said all right great man and i try to go away and he goes no another one and he
fucking dude this i i think without other ship you might have possibly had i might have snapped
you were very good and keeping your cool he he he made me uh our. He made me his bitch, and I accepted it for another selfie.
And then after that, he tried to do it again and bring me closer,
and then that's when I got the separation.
The bodyguard stepped in, and then that was it.
So we keep going through the line.
Everything's good now.
My heart rate's back down.
I don't want to tee off on a fan's face.
And about 10 minutes later, all of a sudden, melee ensues.
You see a ruckus going on.
A ruckus.
A ruckus.
Some fans or somebody is going toe-to-toe over whatever, for whatever reason.
We've never had a fight at one of these either.
Never had a scratch.
I've been bragging about it, about the crowds and the things I've been to with you guys.
And I've been amazed at how nice everyone is and how nothing's ever happened it wasn't crazy
and i was right there for this thing too so there was a there was a like a hedge thing inside that
was because it was an outdoor patio that was covered because it's winter time so i didn't see
who was getting in this scuffle well about 10 minutes goes by because i continue taking pictures
of people i said what the fuck is going on over there? There's a crowd. And now it looks as about four bouncers are on top of it.
And usually you see those end within 20 seconds.
Right.
But it was,
it was,
it was long enough where you're like,
I have to stop this meet and greet and see how is this not ended yet.
So I peer over the Bush and who is it?
The fucking selfie goon going at it with four fucking bouncers.
Like they're trying to wrangle.
They couldn't wrangle.
They couldn't wrangle.
They're trying to wrangle an alligator and couldn't get him pinned down and i'll leave it over to you with
the finished rest of the story okay you people will see this on the spit and chiclets vlog
on our youtube channel along with all the other chaos ensued but this took the case so i'm on the
second floor so i didn't even know this was going on because as you said we just all separated so
people could whatever like meet us in different spots And as we finish and we're walking over to the skills, like you guys are all just like talking nuts.
Oh, my God, that guy, that fight.
I was like, what happened?
What happened?
And Pasha, thank God for Pasha.
He's like, you want to see?
He had the whole thing on video.
So after about 10 minutes of this dude, like being unable to be tamed by these four bounces.
They're punching him.
They're fucking.
So Pasha goes over with with the camera and he's down there and he's videoing this guy this guy
is going absolutely bananas he has video of the guy who at this point is on his back okay so if
you're listening not watching on youtube he's on his back but like up like this and pasha's back
here and he makes eye contact he makes eye
contact now mind you at at this point in the clip he makes eye contact with pasha as one of the
bouncers is just chucking bombs into his ribs another guy has his knee on his neck but you
can't stop this dude like he must have been on some of ra's extracurriculars because he was like
bob probert in a fight back in the nhl so he looks up as he's getting pounded on and goes, Pasha, I love you.
You could hear Pasha laughing as he's videoing.
So he's taking knees, punches, and he's just screaming, Pasha.
And then all of a sudden it turns into he's like, go Leafs, go.
Go Leafs.
Buddy, I was right there with Pasha when it happened I was there
Pasha you were watching this live I was live I was looking at his face right here with Pasha
Pasha's smile was so big it was amazing he had his camera right down in there the guy yeah he
was doing that at one point though they're trying to like you know how they try to like
finagle your arms to like restrain you yeah he got like free one of his little hands and he got
it up and he's like he's trying to give him a high five they're trying to grab his arms and
he's like slipping out of it at one point posh reaches his hand no he didn't posh you can't be
supporting that guy no the guy i was like i was right his head was right at my feet posh's camera
was right in his face.
It was kind of half under a table just on the floor.
And there was like four guys, security guys, corralling this guy.
He looked kind of weirdly calm in this situation. And he looked like.
Oh, he was like totally.
He went 10 minutes, maybe 15.
And he wasn't gas.
No.
And I'm not criticizing the Leafs.
But if they had half as much fight as this guy did, I think did, I think Shani needs to find out who this guy is.
They need to put the video on CTV, whatever Canadian networks they can in order to get in touch with him.
He needs to be the net front presence for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
The best part was he, as I'm being told the story, I'm'm, you know, like I'm listening to you guys,
but exactly.
I think we're exaggerating.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A little, like a little bit, but then to have it all on video and like perfectly here, it
was like Pasha miked them up before it happened too.
I mean, you could hear it to absolute perfection and watching it.
We have to drop it.
Apparently as we left, we're like, yeah, we can't put that out there.
Like I'm like, well, this isn't, we're putting that out there.
First of all, this isn't King Tap's fault.
It's not like they over-served him there.
This guy came gooned up.
And shout out to the four bouncers that tried to take this guy down.
Eventually, they hit him with a tranquilizer dart, which got him calmed down.
And that way, they could wrangle him up and carry him out.
But just to announce, that was a crazy appearance.
That was the craziest of crazies.
And that just kind of sums up the whole weekend.
And that's why people were being goons at the live show.
That's why this guy was being a goon at the appearance.
All-Star just kind of had people in their feelings and ready for a Leafs cup run.
So shout out to King Tap.
Shout out to Pink Whitney and everybody who made that a possibility.
And even some of the fans who showed up and didn't get a picture.
That's just like how many fucking people were there.
It was insane. And even some of the fans who showed up and didn't get a picture. That's just like how many fucking people were there.
It was insane.
And also, to go back to that guy, there was definitely a little more aggression, I think, with dudes.
Like, you know, you take a picture, you talk to him for two minutes.
And the guy, excuse me one second.
Like, oh, you're fucking too cool now.
So I was like, buddy, I just talked to you for 10 minutes.
It happened when I was with memes.
This kid, he's like, can you stop?
He's like, oh, all right.
I was like, buddy, walk and talk to me.
I'm getting in my Uber right now. Like, we were leaving.
It was fucking 1230.
And he just kept stopping, like, a stunned look on his face.
I'm like, buddy, if you want a picture, you got to fucking keep moving.
So he fucking did keep moving.
Memes gets in the car.
I get in the backseat.
And it means his sister and her friend.
He opens the fucking door with Memes' sister.
I was like, what's up?
I goes, buddy, you want to shake my hand?
Here.
There you go.
Thank you.
He won't shut the fucking door.
Now the fucking red light turns to green, and we got to go. He's like, buddy, shut the up? I goes, buddy, you want to shake my hand? Here, there you go. Thank you. He won't shut the fucking door. Now the fucking red light turns to green and we got to go.
He's like, buddy, shut the door.
He's like, no.
He's like, I own this fucking town.
My grandfather fucking invented this piece of equipment.
Like, rattled off.
And buddy, if you're hearing this right now, you were a fucking donkey and you're fucking
lucky you didn't get fucking run over that night.
Oh, buddy.
I walked to the skills with you, R.A., crazy, because you were like, we just left that appearance.
Yeah.
And we were walking down to the rink to go to skills,
and R.A. was fucking on edge,
because it was chaos in there. It was overwhelming.
It was overwhelming in there.
Not R.A. Oh, no, but he's like,
I'll fuck it.
I'll fuck it.
No, but he lost his phone.
R.A. lost his phone.
Oh, okay, shocker.
Here's my surprise face.
Oh, wait a minute over there, Johnny Appleseed.
You've lost your phone 17 times.
One time.
Mo.
It happened to be last All-Star game.
Speaking of goons, and we're on the RA topic,
we got to talk about the game, the day of the All-Star games,
and what happened when we went down to see talk.
I mean, this is just classic RA.
This is the rear.
So to get down well
it kind of goes back to the night before because when we got into the arena we didn't have tickets
or a box for this event so we just had media passes where i mean you can get into the arena
but after that like in toronto for these two nights you aren't getting a seat and so biz had
found gretzky on the skills night and he got down to the locker room through wayne with pasha so
that was good
because you were able to go down there and see everyone but merles and i had started way up in
like the what's it called up top nosebleeds yeah like above the nosebleeds finally i'm like let's
just standing room only area yeah let's go down to the concourse and we basically did another
meet and greet because we just took another thousand pictures but it was fun because there's
a ton of hockey guys down there and we were hanging so the next day for the all-star game we kind of didn't know what to do
and we also didn't have wayne to get us down to the locker room where you needed you know you
needed a pass to get down there so sure as shit we're kind of figuring out what to do and some
guy comes up to biz and he's like i get a picture and he was working there an mlsc thing tag on
to kind of get a picture he's like yeah sure he takes a picture with him then he's the guy's like
what are you guys doing business like we're trying to go down the locker room he's like oh i
got you he was the perfect nice we could have met a better guy though yeah he could go anywhere i
don't know what his job title is yeah we thanked him i forget his name but i mean so he dragged we
have nine people like and all of a sudden we're down in the locker room and we're able to go see
talk so it's perfect but we don't have ra we don't know where is, but we figured we'll just meet him at the game or something.
So as we get down into the Leafs locker room where the two teams were waiting,
we're going to the coach's room where it's Monty and talk.
We're going to catch up with them.
And you said the two teams are waiting because there's two not playing.
So they're just in the lounge.
Yeah.
They're watching the game.
They're watching the game.
It was Matthew's team was the next game.
And I don't know the other team,
like Brady Kachuk's team.
I don't think RA does either.
Well, so we walked.
And right before the coach's room, there was kind of a curtain hanging over that was just open slightly.
And I looked in.
And you could see all the guys full gear watching the game.
Some guys on their phone.
But they weren't really talking.
It was quiet.
I was like, oh, that's where they're waiting.
That'd be a great room to get in if we possibly could.
But we're not allowed in there.
So we're talking to talk.
And we're talking to Monty.
We're having a great time catching up.
And all of a sudden, Dave Keon, Dave Keon Jr.
It's the legend Dave Keon's son who's been working with the league
and the Leafs for, I think, 30 years.
I mean, this guy, he took me in the draft prospects around
at the Stanley Cup final.
That's when I originally met him, 23 years ago or whatever.
So I've known him for a long time, but he comes in,
he's got a look on his face. He's like,
hey, Biz, your buddy,
he's with the players right now.
I just had to boot him out.
He's a funny bastard, but there was
a tone like, you can't be in there.
That's not the play.
We're like, R.A.? He's like, yeah, the R.A.
guy. I'm like, holy
shit.
Pasha, what's the text? I get a text from Keith let's bring Pasha come to sit down you can have my mic I I get a
text from Keith Yandel that says look at this text from Trochek Trochek was on one of the teams that
was waiting to play he was in the room fuck I gotta find this i gotta find this oh pasha you have one with
matthew the matthews one's great i text matthews i go ha ha ha heard r.a just snuck in the room
ate shit then offered you a beer no way keep in mind matthews has to play games after this he goes
he goes ha ha ha he offered me a beer first then ate shit all i heard all i heard, who put that garbage can there?
All I know is, so this is the text that Yans got from Trochak.
Dude, RA just came in the locker room, stumbled around, knocked over a trash can, and got immediately kicked out.
So I see RA, and RA's like, no, that's not really exactly how it fucking happened.
I was talking, I sat down with Matthews, I said, hey, there any beers in here?
And Matthews said, yeah, right behind you.
And he goes, you want one?
He's like, no, I got a game.
Come on.
He's like, OK, bro.
And he knocks over the trash can.
Who put that there?
The guys.
What the fuck is going on right now?
So just an incredible way to get ready.
Some of these guys first All-Star games.
Maybe they're getting a little fired up and you got R.A. and your griddle trying to give you a beer.
So just amazing. I don't know if you want to tell your side of this the nhl has been very good to us and we've been pp whacked a few times because sometimes you know
we bite off a little more than we can chew and and and we've kind of just got back in good graces
based on all the past bullshit that we've done and then we got the kind of defense sure
we're going straight kangaroo court right now what happened so so we don't get our potential
media passes revoked okay how are we gonna explain his away i have a little piece of evidence also
after okay for uh full story first off the first game's at three o'clock we had the it used to like
one o'clock so i didn't have i had my thing one beer on the fucking before the before you even got to the arena just just for posterity here right
i'm going to be entrance and it might have been the same guy who you you guys met young kid he's
like hey how are you he goes the boys are down there they weren't wondering where you were and
i assume fucking you guys i was like oh great he takes me through that fucking tunnel that's like
a cavernous in there like so i like like the garden where you can do one loop.
There's all these fucking canty level fucking rooms
and shit. So I'm following the guy.
They got the suites on the bottom there
where you can go down and blow and eat caviar
and eat part of the yacht club.
The bunkers. The bunkers.
The coke bunkies. And I'm just following
the guy and I realize like, holy shit,
he's in the locker room there and he goes, oh, right
right over there. I was like, you sure?
And I look, and it's fucking the 24 guys who aren't playing.
Watch the 24 guys who are playing.
So what made you walk in?
Because he said, he says, right in there.
Like, it was like, it wasn't like a door.
No, buddy, he was pointing to the coach's room that was right next door.
It was, like, right around the corner.
There's no way he was pointing you in.
But he literally was like, right, he didn't say that. He was like, oh, pointing you in. But he literally was like, right?
I swear, he didn't say that.
He was like, oh, there's pasta.
And he just was falling in there.
Because even I took me a minute when I looked around.
I was like, wait a minute.
These are the fucking old guys.
Took him about a minute to realize.
One beer before.
I was looking for you fucking chuckleheads.
Because he's like, take me to the boys.
And then I'm like, wait a minute.
I'm like, these fucking guys weren't asking for me.
Okay, since you'd only had one beer,
what do you remember from your interaction and who did you talk to other than Matthews when in the room?
I remember everything fucking very vividly.
Very vividly.
Okay, bring us through.
So I looked around and I said,
fucking Austin was sitting on the couch with Willie.
It was a three-seater and the seat next to Austin was empty.
Obviously, we know what little guy sat down.
He lied.
Hey, what's up?
He got a chuckle out of it.
There's an all-star that doesn't have a seat.
Oh, he's sweating all over him.
No.
He just went in there and sat down.
What caught me off guard was how quiet it was.
They were intently watching this game.
Did William Nylander say anything to you?
What was the comment?
He didn't pat an eyelash.
So I was just sitting there, and I was like, oh, there must be beers.
I was like, are there any beers there, Ross?
He's like, yeah, the fridge is over there.
I was like, you want one?
Just, you know, let's fucking just be in a dude, I guess.
They must have been like, what the fuck?
What is going on right now?
So he's like, oh, no.
He goes, I'm all set.
I got to get you in a couple minutes.
So I was walking to the thing, and I have my phone.
And it was like one of those rooms where there's like a step up.
I don't even know I went up the step when I went to sit on the couch.
So I was walking my phone.
You know when you just step off the curb, and you don't know the curb's there? That's basically
what I did. There was no trash barrel.
I took a little Dixie, but when I
popped up like Willy Wonka style, I was like,
the aristocrats. When they turned around,
I was already on my feet, so nobody actually saw me.
They heard this big noise, and then you were there like,
ta-da!
Exactly.
They didn't want me to die,
but I fucking got up.
Whenever I looked, I was on my feet and I was like
who put that friggin thing
it's like
I wore a little comedy
a little like escape comedy
with like
hey boys
yeah okay
then boom
just fucking
it was over two seconds later
I seen Vinny Troach
I was like hey what's up
what's up Vin
what's going on
and I seen Posh's boy Mills
he gave him a handshake
said hello to him
and then I got the tap
on the shoulder
how'd you get in here
and I says
I says
one of the employees
like direct me I mean they can check the fucking security like, directed me. I mean, they can check the
fucking security tape. I said, no problem. I don't
want any trouble. I left
right away and put up no issue.
I didn't want any issue. I literally did not, like,
find my way there, be an RA,
fucking sneak into a party. I literally was, like,
brought there by this dude. I guess
you guys might have left by the time I got there.
Do you think that there's a chance
that you would have been able to stay had you not, like, tripped and fell and made a big noise? Like, that might have left by the time I got there. Do you think that there's a chance that you would have been able to
stay had you not tripped and fell
and made a big noise? That might have been like,
oh, what's going on in there? And that's why
somebody came in and booted you? Had you just sat
on the couch, you might have just been okay for the
rest of the All-Star game? You could have won
MVP.
It's a good question. If I just sat there shooting
the shit with Austin, yeah, maybe.
But then 10 minutes later, someone might be like,
who the fuck's that guy?
Get him out of here.
So,
I don't know.
I don't think anyone
dropped the dime on me.
Well,
hey,
let's not forget here,
Austin went on to win
the fucking MVP
of the whole thing.
Very valid.
So,
basically,
your pep talk.
I mean,
all right,
what'd you say to him?
Where's my cut?
Do you think you're
going to get tipped out?
I should.
I mean,
you know,
I fucking kept him
off the sauce.
Hey,
the,
what do they call it
pice de rsistance like the the mona lisa of the whole thing though now that i know this story is
later i look at my phone there's a post by ra it's a him like in with the players somewhere
something hashtag journalism okay this was a tough one.
Well, he's saying that he spelled it
incorrectly on purpose. So you
went down there after, and at this point, you
were pretty much half blitz. You had to be pretty
fucked. Three quarters blitz. You were smoking the weed.
Where's Pasha? Bring Pasha back.
We're talking about post-game when you were
interviewing Pasta. Right, and I was
with Pasha most of the game.
We were walking around the whole fucking building most of the game past how was i even we were
walking around the whole fucking building most of the game what kind of condition was i in late
after the game we're out there getting the back story as to why ra was in there playing tummy
sticks with matthews and then tate mccray walks by and i said tate mccray i said have you ever
heard of the spit and chiclets podcast and she says yeah i know who you guys are i said can we
get an interview and she goes absolutely so we're getting tate mccray on the podcast and i love her also that right right so
she's walking by pretty quick and biz is like hey tate and then whatever pasha quickly turned the
camera but then right as she left biz is like what the fuck posh you didn't have the camera
ready in time get ready next time posh was like ah i was filming he was probably on his fucking
trying to get his pee pee wet. All-stars.
Fucking guy.
But we do.
Yeah, we have her saying that she'll come on.
Also, back to pasta.
After the game, I want to try to get a couple interviews or whatever.
He's the only bro and that was down there.
So I was supposed to be there just to clarify.
This is the media area we had the pass for.
So it wasn't trespassed anywhere.
No.
And it was nice because I was thinking of something to ask him. It's the All-Star game.
It's kind of like key and shit. And I
remember, I had a single mom
when I was a kid, too, and how tough it could be.
I just thought it'd be a nice thing to ask, and he gave a real
hot woman answer. I was really glad I went down and
talked to him. Good job. So now we get
to the... So you're the journalist
of the pod. You've mentioned many times, journalism
major. So you wrote
journalism, but you misspelt it so i
got a real kick out of that but you're claiming that was on purpose yeah guy 100 why would you
you posted something of the i figured it was a simpsons joke yeah it was a riff of a simpsons
it actually i figured that when i saw it was like remember when he got he gets a free trampoline he's like oh my god free trampoline so i was like journal i just fucking journalism
i added three letters that was a journal that i misspelled journalism because the fucking you know
that was the whole fucking point i was being ironic and i went over fucking a few heads apparently
yeah no you piss how often do i put hashtag journalism in a fucking thing you know i don't
know maybe when you're actually being a journalist,
asking some solid questions.
So fair enough.
Fair enough.
I believe you.
I like to save my side.
No, but it was good to see Pasta.
And then that's why I lingered after the game.
And I didn't even see anybody afterwards.
Oh, I met him with that fucking nut, Corson.
He's fucking bananas.
Shane Corson?
Shane's son.
No, his son.
It was like some house party.
It was fucking raging, dude.
It was like a condo building, and there's one giant room.
It was fucking the whole thing.
They call that a penthouse, all right?
It takes over a whole floor.
Only the top floor, though.
Yeah.
No, this wasn't the top floor.
Oh, it wasn't, eh?
It was a big sprawling.
Dude, it was like every...
It was like, you walked down the hall, it was like every door looked like a separate
apartment, but there was all this one fucking big room.
I've never seen nothing like it, but... Oh, a dorm. That's called a dorm. Like but there was all this one fucking big room. I never seen nothing like it.
Oh, a dorm.
That's called a dorm.
Like an eyes wide shut type party?
Yeah, a little bit like that,
but I wish I would have stayed longer if it was.
But no, I stayed there.
Then I met a couple of friends and a couple of bars
and bounced around.
You couldn't get in Paris, Texas.
We ended up going to, what, two cats or something?
We were just going wherever there was no line,
and I started getting my boogie on a little bit,
and I had some fun fucking full time.
Atta boy, all right. Everybody deserves it. Go ahead. I had some fun. We got to wrap up the game.
The Leafs finally won something.
All the Leafs guys won.
And now after hearing this story
about you going in the locker room before the game
sitting next to Austin Matthews,
this might have to become a thing in the playoffs.
Shani loves you.
This is all coming together.
Maybe you're going to get the ambassador jacket.
I'll get fucking jacked up at logan if that's the fucking case i love the hospitality i love austin and shanny but i'm i'm a bees guy
so for me at the game while you guys were all this hijinks was going on like craziness
kenny reed our friend uh works at sports net great guy from like Halifax area. Invited me and
Apuzzo and Fish up. He's like, I can get you
up here in this suite. I'm here with my dad
and my kids. Gets us up
there. He's like, hey, come over here. We're going to introduce you to my
buddy. So he brings us over to the edge.
The wrestler, WWE two-time
Royal Rumble champ. Big lead
guy. He's a monster, right? 6'6".
Like fantastic person.
And we got to hang out with him got a couple
pictures and stuff like just it was star-studded yeah everyone was there and like i i don't know
how many people i walked by in the hallway um tessa virtue uh olympic gold medalist figure
skating uh dance partner um yeah it was it was so cool being up there but edge is such a die-hard
leaf fan so to have the All-Star game there
and then run into him, and I had a great chat with him, with Kenny.
So, yeah, it was cool roaming where I was roaming up above
in those areas a little bit, too, seeing some of those people.
What did you guys think of?
Hold on, I got a kick out of  so first game of the All-Star game day
was McKinnon versus McDavid, right?
So Merle's a true gambler right he
hasn't said a word to anyone we don't know his action i figured he'd bet but i hadn't even talked
to him so we're in a box at this point we're talking to dave gagne doug gilmore was in there
just catching up with a bunch of different people and everyone's kind of chatting but i see merles
and now we're in this back of the box. So he's squatting down.
He's just watching the big screen because we couldn't get up front to watch
the actual ice.
And it's three,
one with 30 seconds left.
And all of a sudden,
uh,
we'll earn that's the coach.
They pull the goalie and they get one.
And he's like,
fuck.
And I'm like,
Oh,
what?
I'm like,
what?
He's like,
I got McDavid here.
I got,
no,
I got team McKinnon here.
I got team McKinnon here.
And he's like,
this is not good. This is not good of a sudden four seconds left their goalie
still pulled the ties up again i was like motherfucker two thousand dollar swing god
damn it jesus christ so i didn't even know like he's the only guy in this building like watching
the game or at least in the box you put a thousand bucks bucks on a fucking all three one with 30 seconds left.
And he lost.
No,
I had a,
I had a North.
I had my first bet in like the whole day.
I had that in there and I kind of like forgot about it.
And when the game started,
I'm like,
Oh,
I need action on this.
And I,
I went on the live and I did another bet on it.
Like I didn't really,
I wasn't really thinking we're just roaming around.
So then all of a sudden I'm like,
Oh shit,
I got two units on this thing.
And as soon as it goes to the shootout, I stopped watching at that point.
He goes, it's over.
Oh, my God.
I wish I could have seen him.
He goes, nope, it's over.
He didn't even watch the shootout.
I was lost.
What did you guys make of the skills competition?
I love how they started with fastest skater to get the energy high.
Felt that the passing one took a lot of steam out of it well yeah kucherov was on
the same shit as buble michael buble was doing uh some macro dosing before his press conference of
the draft and that was on thursday and then which led into some insane uh podium podium clips and
then kucherov must have been doing the same stuff because he was going what three miles an hour as
slow as human just give a fuck meter couldn't have been lower.
It was below my shoes.
He was just getting booed all weekend, too.
Like, he was getting.
He loved it, though.
And he was, like, waving them on.
Yeah, it was great.
But that passing one, you're right.
I feel like it was good.
I liked the changes.
It was kind of fun.
I liked the celebrities there.
Gave it some spice and some energy, especially that they all had awesome personalities and were were fun to see
um but the passing one yeah it just kind of dragged and i felt like the energy was pumping
and then that one was just kind of like yeah i don't know if they could figure out a way yeah
they got to make the turnover between uh between events a little faster but overall i love how they
try to reinvent it to some degree million dollar prize, how it had more eyeballs on it.
And, of course, McDusty takes it down.
He thought of probably all the skills, takes it down.
And I'm shocked that he didn't even end up winning the MVP of the actual game,
the three-on-three.
When you said Bubl's name, I just remembered he was in the room as well.
I said, what's up to Bubl's room?
I was like, Bubl, what's up?
Yeah, he's a coach, though.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I wasn't implying.
He wasn't.
Yeah, he's like, I don't need any more mushrooms.
Oh, a shout out to the L-Dog.
He's the guy who helped me and Pasha find our way around the arena
because it is a little tricky.
L-Dog.
Yeah.
Okay, here we go.
Any more shout outs already?
Yeah, one more.
Mr. Coleman, who I met at the meet and greet,
gave me a fucking Cam Neely rookie card.
Imagine that.
Like, only in Canada do you go to a bar and a fucking person gives you a Cam Neely rookie card.
So, just want to shout out.
There you go.
That's paying the mortgage.
I got one question for you guys.
I know I wasn't in on all the interviews, so we're all hanging out in these rooms all week.
And we're stuffed in there.
There's guys coming in and out, yelling, screaming.
I'm trying to keep people quiet.
And it's just chaos up there. On the last day, you guys finally take me out back,
and there's a full Wayne Gretzky 99 bar back there.
Did you guys hide that from me on purpose all week?
I had no clue that was there.
This has been out here the whole time.
Yeah, that's where I was going to smoke my dope,
so I knew about it the entire time.
They had a 99 wine, the 99 whiskeys, full bartenders, cocktails.
Is that part of the basement?
I don't know.
No clue.
Nobody told me.
I think they were trying to keep me in.
Game notes guys had no clue.
So I know we already mentioned it, but the pop-up that they put on and how quickly they did it,
I believe that they're going to bring Gretzky's basement on the road now moving forward too.
So every marquee event the NHL has, they're going to bring Wayne's memorabilia.
They're going to have a little merch pop-up. And was such a like a homey feel it wasn't a factory in
there it wasn't too busy everybody was respectful and i mean since we're on the wayne topic how cool
was it walking around an nhl building with him i wasn't there with you on on friday night but i can
imagine like talk about not being able to take one step without just yeah tell me about that
biz because you hang out with him in a studio or it's pretty restricted when you're on TV in the playoffs maybe.
Yeah, well, I don't think anyone knows how to work a room better than Wayne,
and he gives everybody his time.
But it was more about how when we went downstairs,
we got these passes and he has nothing on.
And we went down there without him at one point,
and the guy's like, no.
And I'm like, we were just here with Wayne.
It's like, yeah, that's Wayne.
And then sure enough, I went back up because we couldn't get in.
And then who do we bump in?
Wayne.
He's like, oh, I was going to go back downstairs and say hi to talk.
So we follow him.
Same guys.
And we walk off the elevator.
I'm like, found him.
And he's like, have fun.
So it's just like, he's such a G, man.
It's like hanging out with the Godfather.
And what a special weekend.
It was a great weekend overall, though.
And like, no shot on Florida's setup last year. But the r but the rink, it's 45 minutes from Lauderdale.
Just being in this city, which is an incredible city.
I dog the Leafs, but I love this actual city of Toronto.
And the rink's right downtown with all the events, the alumni, celebrities.
It was an awesome weekend.
And happily, I think enough for hockey fans are happy.
We're not going to have an All-star game the next two years now,
because we had a very special announcement of the best on best returning next
year in terms of four nations,
Sweden,
Finland,
us Canada in Boston and Montreal,
and the following February will be at the Olympics.
So we have no all-star game for the next two years,
but everyone will trade off that for what we have.
You know,
I think it,
I think people may be a little bit disappointed
that it's not everybody, but I think it's the perfect primer
to lead into the next year's Olympics.
And I think that getting in the Olympics
is going to make all those top guys happy.
It's an incredible way to sell the game.
And with the way that Crosby is playing,
it's like you're finally going to get McDavid, McKinnon,
and Crosby on an Olympic team. And that is, to me, it's like you're finally going to get McDavid, McKinnon and Crosby on an Olympic
team and that is to me
that's it man
the game's growing right now
and the league is thriving
and I just think that that's going to take it to the next level
like Witt, the last time we saw this
you and I were working, Facebook
Live, what the hell
was that even called again? It was like Sportsnet's
Facebook Live show. But what was the tournament called again sports nets facebook live show no but what was
the tournament called though world cup world cup and they had the under 23 team the na team and
everything which is cool but none of those guys like literally everyone in the all-star game
have not majority of them haven't played international hockey together best on best
all those guys out there plus more guys when you look Team USA, I'm sure you'll get into it.
But like, we need this.
There was a little.
We need this.
This is awesome.
We do.
And there was a little frustration, as Biz just mentioned, about like in terms of it's being in Boston and Montreal and pasta can't be in the tournament next year.
But whatever.
They couldn't figure it out.
And I agree.
Like, at least get something on the books.
Probably the four top nations right now.
I mean, we need Russia in the Olympics. Let's just say that. I don't know how they're nations right now. I mean, we need Russia in the Olympics.
Let's just say that.
I don't know how they're going to work that out,
but we need Russia in the Olympics.
That'll add this different flavor and another really good team.
But for next year,
like having Boston,
Montreal back and forth teams will play in each building.
That's going to be awesome.
And yeah,
you're missing some superstars,
but in the end,
it's still going to be incredible.
And you'll still get the best on best of those four teams as a little warm-up for the following year in Italy.
Have they announced where the next Olympics are in 2030?
France is considered the front-runner right now.
Hey, do you guys think you guys can get press credentials
for the Olympics?
Not anymore.
That would be unreal, but I think it might be.
All right, so maybe you want fucking gas
in the Russian locker room before they're ready to take on the Canadians. We'llA. is going to be doing fucking gas in the Russian locker room
before they're ready to take on the Canadians.
Who makes this shit?
This sucks.
We'll see R.A. up in the booth at the ski jump,
smoking a bone.
What is going on?
The Olympic table ski jump.
Who is this guy?
I don't know how that's going to work out.
But in terms of actually getting these guys facing off,
I can't wait for next year.
Two great cities for it, too.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at GameTime.
You should never have to worry when you are buying tickets
to your next big event.
We were just up here for the All-Star Game.
We had the Skills Competition, the Draft.
There were tons of events going on,
and tons of people are utilizing GameTime
because GameTime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets
for all of the
sports music comedy and theater events near you like i said we utilize it all weekend in toronto
we got a bunch of games coming up the playoffs me and granella gonna be hitting hitting up for msg
td garden all over the place playoffs hey murray's might even come over for a couple trips
just for a few playoffs games just to use that GameTime app because it's so damn good. They got last-minute tickets, flash deals, zone deals,
so easy to find and buy tickets for every kind of event in your area.
GameTime has deals on tickets right up to the start of the event,
and even an hour after it starts, it's the place to find last-minute seats.
You find exclusive flash deals and sponsor deals on tickets for football,
basketball, baseball, concerts, comedy, theater, and a whole bunch more.
With zone deals, you pick the section and GameTime picks the seats
for an average of 18 savings.
And the GameTime guarantee means you'll always get the best price.
If you find tickets in the same section and row for less,
GameTime will credit you 110 of the difference.
Take the guesswork out of buying
tickets with game time download the game time app create an account and use the code chiclets
for 20 off your first purchase terms apply again create an account and redeem code chiclets for
20 off download game time today last minute tickets the lowest price guaranteed.
I don't know how much we have left to cover, but we got some big trades. Yeah, we got a couple more.
Before we send it over to Clint Healy.
We mushed him.
We mushed McClellan.
We said we wouldn't fire him.
He should be safe, and boom.
Dude, I mean, Rob Blake, he come out and made that statement.
I know GMs say stuff like, does that cost the guy credibility around the league
somewhat, just like when you make a boldface thing like that
and then don't honor it a month later?
Well, no.
You've seen it a few times where
a GM or somebody from the organization
will, it's a kiss of death. Oh yeah, he's good.
And then like a week later, it's like
why even come out with that statement?
But maybe in some cases, it's maybe
pressure from above.
He's got guys to answer for Drew.
I think McClellan's a top coach.
I think six weeks ago you probably would have said,
at least from a gambling odds perspective,
he was top five coaches in the league ready to win a Jack Adams.
He was number two, I think.
Yeah, two months ago he was number two to talk.
From an odds perspective.
So that just kind of tells you how quickly things can change in today's nhl and i think that like it's a copycat league where you
know some other organizations have seen teams like st louis change it and hand it over to berube
where all it takes is the right mojo right now the oilers like look at the run that they're on so
it's a it's a it's a league now where they're fucking changing coaches like they're changing diapers. And I think right now in Canada, Sheldon Keefe is the longest tenured coach from a Canadian perspective. So they are going to switch it up and maybe get this team who I thought was a Stanley Cup contender based on their personnel.
get hot now after all-star break and bring them into playoffs and maybe make some magic but at the end of the day i didn't think that they had a a proper replacement that could take over a guy
as good as mcclellan and that's why i was confident saying that they're going to let him get over this
hump and it's on who's taking over all right jim hiller you're familiar with him no no i'm not
actually jim hiller familiar no where was he was the assistant there was he where'd he come from
uh yeah he was an assistant.
I'm not sure if it was down in the minor league team.
I'll double check on that.
But I'm not familiar with his game either.
I'm sorry, sir.
I was not familiar with your game.
But just pretty crazy.
The one thing about McClellan is it's on the players.
Now we've said this about every team.
You've got to start getting going, and the Oilers are a perfect example.
But in terms of the guys who've been let go this year McClellan stands above and beyond
everyone else in terms of getting a job immediately obviously him and Berube and him but I I think
like he probably looks back at it and all of a sudden we couldn't score they never had success
at home pretty much all year it was all in the road their beginning dominance and then not being
able to score all of a sudden everyone went dry and there was nothing left but he's a guy who
like if i'm an owner or gm i i would for sure look into to hiring him if i needed his fault because
he's had success everywhere he's went and all of a sudden things went to shit and he pays the price
so now now you go to the players like start playing start scoring or we're completely fucked and we got to start trading, guys.
That's pretty much how this goes.
And sometimes it might be an organization like the brass up above
during this stretch of games.
Now, I want to say in the last 17 games, they were 3, 8, and 6,
I believe was their record.
And they won the last game before break.
Against Nashville.
So that's why I thought his job was going to be safe as well.
But sometimes coaches are stubborn with their system.
And then with other teams watching video constantly,
they find ways in order to shut them down offensively
because they do play a certain style of play
where if you're not able to adjust
and maybe switch things up to show someone
a different version of your attack,
maybe they kind of just kept seeing the same thing over and over and over with the lack of adjustments and that's finally why they were like hey listen nothing's going to change here
and the book is out on us we got to become more than just one dimensional so that's the only way
some people will criticize mcclellan where he's never really had sick like true success he's had
regular season success but come playoff time he just
really hasn't been able to deliver i think that's maybe being over critical because anytime you ask
anybody who has any type of credibility they'll tell you he's an amazing coach and a great guy
yeah yeah hello was with the islanders before the kings but interestingly he was only hired
last year so he's only been with the kings for a year and a half so you wonder if
well blake hired him with the intention. Who started in Detroit?
Was McClellan the coach?
He started in Detroit with Babs, went to Toronto with Babs.
So he was here in Toronto for quite a few years before bouncing around a little bit.
Was he the coach of the Sharks when they went to the cup finals against the Penguins?
Hiller?
I'm talking McClellan.
McClellan, yeah.
He was the coach.
So he's been to the finals once.
No, I hear you.
I didn't remember if he was definitely the coach then. yeah i thought it was deborah wasn't it because
he went to the finals a couple it was deborah yes yes so yep great you know you you hate seeing like
this happen to a guy that seems like the players really liked him but now it's on them and i think
you're right just overall seeing that that that run where they couldn't get anything going it's
it could have been the owner. Hey, enough's enough.
Sorry, Rob.
But to win a game before the All-Star break, you're like,
all right, I'm good now.
And still, not in this league.
We got six firings this year.
You're going to have to call Expedia, extend that stay,
wherever he's going, Hawaii or Kabul.
You do a month.
Busy, I'm with you, though.
I know we've talked, just texting each other through this year,
as bad as they've been.
And I think we touched on this
a little bit when we were discussing this that he wouldn't be fired we thought they would hang
around but there's been issues with them they can't win at home start the year there's been
all these kind of things but like i look at them like you and they're kind of like this sneak i've
been telling people like dude if you got to pick a team like la i don't know about their goal
you don't want to buy them in the first round like but LA, they're scary, they're built,
and then there's just been issues with them.
So can they straighten it out?
Because there's no doubt that they're a sneaky contender for sure.
Funny, personnel-wise, top to bottom on the offense.
I mean, Byfield has been a little unhealthy or under the weather lately too,
but once they get the top four lines humming.
They need Arvidsson back too.
Arvidsson, I mean, he was huge in last
year's playoff, too, and the goaltending will round out.
I think they're going to be fine. If they sneak
in as a wild card, look out.
Couple of Canadian teams going for it, Biz.
Big trade. Elias Lindholm went to Vancouver,
came over from the Flames. 29-year-old
pennant UFA. Got a 4.85
cap hit. Calgary gets off
Andre Kuzmenko. He's got one year left at
5.5 mil. A pair of prospects.
A first and 24 and a conditional
fourth and 24.
What you take, Piers? Does this make the fucking
Canucks the top contender?
When they picked up Zdorov, I said they're one
more piece away from being Stanley Cup
contenders, at least.
They go out and do it. They're pushing all of
their chips in the middle. They didn't
even do so and give up Kuzmenko and whatever assets by locking in Lindholm.
He's coming there, and he's still going to be a free agent at the end of the season unless they lock him up.
I think it's a ballsy move, but Accolini, I thought they rushed the rebuild, but he was right on the money.
They are going for it this year, and they have no clue what Pedersen's going to end up doing.
They have no idea where some of these guys are going to end up.
So you say, this is our window now.
All of a sudden, you know, fuck the rebuild.
We're in the midst of it.
Everybody's clicking on all cylinders.
They have the depth scoring.
Why would you wait to take your chance at winning a Stanley Cup?
And I agree with the move.
But if you're a Canucks fan, you have to be a little concerned about moving forward.
But as Kevin Bieksa said a few weeks ago
when every Canucks fan was coming up to him,
you know, are we going to win the Cup?
Are we going to win the Cup?
Enjoy the ride, embrace this season,
and let's hope it's a long run because I don't know
what the future is going to hold for you guys
given with how many chips you've pushed in for this season.
But the right time to do it,
talks firing on all cylinders with that coaching staff.
I'm excited for Canada, and I'll stick with this.
I don't know if it's going to be the Leafs.
I don't know if it's going to be the Oilers.
I don't know if it's going to be the Jets.
I don't know if it's going to be the Canucks.
But the Cup is coming back to Canada after 30 years.
The Oilers are probably going to win it.
That's fair enough.
I do give Vancouver credit as well,
because when I saw this deal go down,
I just figured that V-Lander, the kid playing at BU,
he was I think 11th overall last summer to be part of it.
They said no way, so they still kept him.
So that's nice.
I guess the D-man they did move is a pretty good player.
I don't know much about him.
He's in junior right now, but apparently a big upside.
I went and saw him play.
Oh, he was at that game?
He plays for the Kitchener Rangers,
and he was leading the entire OHL in scoring as a defenseman. I went and saw him play. Oh, he was at that game? He plays for the Kitchener Rangers and he was leading the entire
OHL in scoring as a defenseman.
No shit. Very, very silky
defenseman. You mentioned they got him in the second
or third round? I don't know
what round he was picked in. Either way, he's a
gem.
If you want to get a player like Lindholm,
that's where Vancouver needed help, was that
second line center position.
If you got the lotto line going and then all of a sudden you throw lynn home at with with a second line matchups
boys this is this is a stanley they're really really good team and elliot had mentioned uh
that he thinks boston was right in there but because he fit he would fit in perfect there
for for lynn home but apparently just the way they did with Hampus Lindholm, that they wanted a deal signed before the trade went down.
Of course.
And I guess not willing to do that.
So they were out, and Vancouver swoops in.
There's a lot of risk, but I think he fits in perfect.
I mean, he could play anywhere on that lineup.
Probably play with Pedersen, you'd think.
I actually got to meet Lindholm and his dad during the skills
with Merles and Phillip, the lunatic.
And he's a great guy.
And then the next night, last night, we hung out.
We were just sitting at a table for about an hour.
Awesome guy.
He's super excited.
I think he's just fired up to be in the mix right now.
It's been just kind of a tough go.
We were chatting about you don't really know what Hannafin's going to do.
You don't know what's going on with Tanev.
And then the fact he was mentioning when Johnny left and then kachuk ended up leaving it was just that was kind
of kind of the end of what was happening there i mean and you remember that year when they played
edmonton in the second round they we were talking about it they won game one nine to six but it kind
of opened everything up and then edmonton won the next four but that year they could have they could
have gone to the cup they probably would they actually probably would have given colorado a
better series
than Edmonton did, the way they played.
So it just ended pretty quick in Calgary
when it looked like they were stacked and ready to go
on a little run for four or five years.
But I think he's going to go to Van and be a hell of a player.
He's great defensively.
So I'm excited to see where he fits in there
and see where the Canucks go.
I think you're going to see Edmonton Van in the second round,
and that could be the Cup final.
That's what some Oilers fans are saying. And listen, if you're a Canucks go. I think you're going to see Edmonton Van in the second round and that could be the cup final. That's what some Oilers fans are saying. And listen, if you're a Canucks
fan, more than likely you've
been critical of Accolini and maybe his
involvement with the team and how over
involved he is. But right now he looks like a
fucking genius. He went out and got
talk. They did their research.
Obviously Rutherford had a lot to do with that.
Him being with talk in Pittsburgh.
But Accolini gave him the green light to take the money and go sign him and eat the Boudreaux contract.
And then look at all the fucking chips they're pushing in.
He's made this team a contender.
And you should be bag-licking Accolini if you're a Canucks fan.
And Rutherford.
Put your differences aside and lick Accolini's bag.
And Rutherford, forever, as long as he's been a GM, he gets it done soon.
He gets it done early, which makes total sense.
He's 73.
He's like, I don't give a fuck what's going on here in five years, man.
Let's roll the dice.
Give me the dice, Merle.
Yeah, 100.
But also, and Alvin got an extension, which makes a lot of sense with the success they've had and the moves he's made.
But he makes trades early, right?
He's getting them in.
He's like, I'm not going to wait until there's a door off.
You want to get guys in.
And Lindholm now. Look, I want
to get them in as soon as possible. Just the more
games you can get together with this team before
playoffs, the better. So he always has
worked quicker wherever he's been. Pittsburgh,
Carolina. He's a gunslinger, man. He's a
gunslinger and it's just, it's an exciting
time for Canucks fans. As Juice said,
it's been a dark few years.
Just go on this run
and enjoy it. I think the fit is so key with
like mentioning he can play with anyone he's easy to play with he's not like flash you're
going to notice him he's just a really solid player so i think getting him you get a good
player but he's like dependable reliable solid he's just in the right spot he's probably so easy
to play with he's low maintenance compared to at home he might be your kind of selkie type
shutdown guy where you let the other line flourish in the face off yeah it's nice for that first line
to have another the guy that they can rely on where it's like hey fuck we're taking some hard
reps against line number one games one and two now it's your guys i was i was talking to him
yesterday too uh a couple days ago now and he's kind of like in a whirlwind right like he's out
the all-star game i think they said like logos of him still in his Calgary stuff everywhere,
so it's been kind of like crazy.
And he said when he gets there now from here, he goes right there.
And I don't know, like, gee, maybe you could quickly look it up.
Like I think they're on a five-game road trip.
He goes right on a five-game road trip.
Which is great to get to know guys.
Oh, that's great.
But it's just like on the run, too.
He just jumps right in it.
He's like, okay, where are we going?
I don't even have my bags.
I just came to the All-Star game.
Now I got to go join the team, and I'm in the middle of it.
And he was saying he's got a one-year-old.
His wife was at dinner, too, and then she took off because he's like, yeah, she's got to fly home, get the dogs, get our son, pack our stuff.
Shout out to the wives.
Shout out to the wives.
Buddy, that's when you realize.
She's going home.
She's got to pack up a house with a kid and two dogs. He's now
gone for like 14 days. She's
got to go to Van, find their apartment.
You don't realize
what the wives do. And actually
Glenn Healy will go into, in this interview,
he'll go into talking about what he's
done with the alumni. And it's not just the players now.
It's wives and kids to be able to help
them out because fans don't often think
of what the family goes through.
So it's an exciting time, though, for Canucks fans and especially Lindholm.
And just going back to the interview, we thought it would be just a good fit just being here.
And, you know, this league's all about its players and its stars.
And him and a few others have done an incredible job with the alumni and just like helping out the players.
You know, some guys, you know, their career ends and there's some dark days with not having that locker room and that atmosphere to go back into. So we dive into a lot of stuff. We dive into the CBA and what maybe former players and wives and family members, as you mentioned, will need. And it seems like everybody's on board and the league is really working together. And as I keep referencing, it's thriving right now and everything seems to be going in the right way all right you want to send it over to heels right now let's do
that for sure enjoy glenn healy great talk all right before we go any further here's a few words
from our friends at manscaped it's time for the ultimate face-off the beard bowl is here as the
two best teams square off to see who the champion of facial fuzz is,
our friends at Manscaped are prepping everything you need for a game day.
I've been checking out this beard hedger. It's good stuff sometimes. I'm not a fool,
man, chew guy, but I do like a nice beard, especially in the wintertime. Keeps the face warm. So I don't know who I'm going to pick in the Super Bowl yet, but I'm definitely going to
have the old beard hedger going. So don't let your beard be benched. It deserves the spotlight
on the biggest stage. Manscaped's Beard Hedger Pro Kit is the ultimate franchise player to take your grooming game to the end zone.
This package has made it easier than ever to craft your signature look with ease.
Featuring the Beard Hedger cordless trimmer, it packs one guard with 20 different lengths.
That's right.
No more messy drawers full of guards.
Oh, that gets annoying when you have to do that.
But wait, there's more.
The beard hedger is water-resistant as well.
Run it under the sink and shave in the shower for easy cleanups.
It's time to move the sticks from your old beard razor.
Look and feel ready for the big game every day with Manscaped beard formulations,
including beard balm, beard oil, shampoo, and conditioner.
And lastly, as a bonus, Manscaped has thrown in a beard accessory pack.
Beard brush, beard comb, and beard scissors for the finishing touches every modern bearded gentleman deserves.
That playoff beard has never looked better.
Trust Manscaped to get the job done.
Get 20 off and free shipping with the code CHICKLETS at manscaped.com.
That's 20 off with free shipping at manscaped.com and use the code CHICKLETS at manscaped.com. That's 20 off with free shipping at manscaped.com.
And use the code CHICKLETS.
Gear up for the real halftime show.
We are bid.
Take center stage.
All right.
It's been about four years since we had this retired goalie slash legend on the show.
He played 15 NHL seasons with the Kings, Islanders, Rangers, and Leafs.
And, of course, won the 1994 Stanley Cup with the New York Rangers.
Nowadays, he's president and executive director of the NHL Alumni Association.
Taking care of all the boys who don't play anymore.
It's great to welcome back to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Glenn Healy.
What an intro already.
How you been, Heals?
Put a quarter in him.
Well, I haven't got fired since our last interview
hey that's all i was worried about i don't go to many interviews and bring a lawyer
so if you notice today you got these morons behind the camera no lawyers because i was waiting for
the old zip it zip it and i didn't get that and i'm feeling comfortable with this lovely group to
come solo today and if i get fired hey thanks everybody we won't let it happen have a good
life don't let the door hit you're not quoted for the season hill so you're good is that yourself
now cut back so you don't have a lawyer anymore yeah something like that here we go up on you
i had to deal with the league with all their lawyers
i just can't be around them anymore so it's i'm in a good spot but no this is uh this is
friendly fire this is our teammate except for you i mean i don't know where you play
i was gonna say last time you came on you were hard on ra and a street hockey alumni. He had his whatever accent that is.
Vermont?
I don't even know.
Name a state.
But no, this is our team.
This is our family.
This is where I'm most comfortable.
And we talked four years ago when we chatted with you that you are the perfect guy for this job.
And what I always liked in getting to know you a little bit with sports was that you you care deeply about the alumni it's not just like you're not just saying that now you're in
a role to be able to make some serious changes help some guys out so have you enjoyed it as
much as you thought you would could this be my retirement announcement yes yes i know it's got
to be stressful though too you know i i think our you know the the mission statement is pretty
simple make tomorrow better than today for players and their families, wives, kids.
I think the biggest thing, and our chief medical officer is one of the top neurosurgeons in the world, Dr. Kazam.
And he told me the day he came on board, he said, you know, when we're going to build this, it's like providing water for Arabs.
They're going to come.
it's like providing water for Arabs.
They're going to come.
And, you know, he's from Uganda and his beautiful accent and Idi Amin wanted to make him an appetizer.
So he came to Canada and then became a neurosurgeon.
And I didn't understand what that meant.
I thought, what the fuck does water do?
I don't know what that means.
And what it is, is the more services
and library services that are provided,
the more players are willing to reach
out and say, can you help me make tomorrow better than today for my family? Or a call from your wife
saying, I don't know where my husband's gone, but I want him back. Or a kid who calls and says,
I want my dad back. My dad's not himself right now. And so we do it. We have an army of people
that are willing to help every one of us. We are gifted
to play this great game. You know, we have a short career, some shorter than others.
I don't know why I looked at this, but anyways, uh, but we have a long life and how do we make
that long life is great as the short career that we have? Well, that's our role.
And every presentation that I do, I show a slide that is Usain Bolt crossing the finish line, not a fucking runner anywhere near him.
And it says, finish strong.
And that's what we want from every one of our players, their families.
Finish strong.
strong and that's what we want from every one of our players their families finish strong be as great as you were when you put that uniform on and wore that proud and did something that everyone in
canada and the united states and europe would love to do and that's our role and and with everything
going on kind of in today's society like what things have you guys set up so that transition
becomes easier for guys out of the game because it could become a shock, right?
Because it's something that can be stripped from you like that
and that does happen for certain guys
and they've spent their whole lives playing hockey.
That's all they know.
And then now they're really introduced to what the real world is.
Like even from a sense of like you showed up to training camp
and your nine months was scheduled for you.
Every day.
Like every day.
What to wear even.
Yeah, in some cases.
I wish I could get an itinerary for every day still. Yeah. Tell wear even yeah in some cases i wish i could
get an itinerary for every day still yeah tell me where to be and when to be there 11 o'clock
red wine 12 o'clock tequila yeah and one o'clock yeah nap that's really easy here rinse and repeat
and to go back to my question like even i know since i started playing pro you guys have set
up a ton of resources.
So it does make it easier for guys to do that.
So, you know, I think, you know, there's a couple of things.
There's a number of dynamics to that question.
It's a great question loaded with a lot of stuff.
So first, what we've done is we hired a social work team from Scotland.
Right.
I thought a social worker got you an apartment in Glasgow. That's what social work team and I like from Scotland, right? I thought a social worker
got you an apartment in Glasgow. That's what social work. I didn't know what they were.
And then I started taking calls, you know, suicides, coping mechanism issues. Look,
I might be a good guy. I went to Western Michigan. Let's face it. It's daycare. It's not a good
school. Sorry, Western Michigan. No, I I've been very smart. The Broncos.
Broncos.
So what I needed to do was build that team around me to handle all those things to do it the right way.
And so, check, we did that.
Then we needed a library of services of doctors.
So if you need something done, I have a medical concierge who can get any surgery done in any country, in any state, in any province in two seconds.
Because, look, I'm a guy with two fake hips, right?
Played goal.
Wasn't very good.
But I've got 3,000 worth of metal in my hip.
If I don't get that surgery done, I'm hooked on Percocet or some sort of a pain mechanism that's going to help me through the day.
Sleeping pills.
So we get it done right away.
So you're in, you're good.
Go live your best life.
So we did that.
The other thing we looked at was lives.
So we've included them in all of our transition programs.
Happy wife, happy life.
And, you know, there are a lot of players.
We never have an out of bounds with
Parkinson's Alzheimer's dementia. And if you're a caregiver of that player who is bigger than
ever, cause he played in the NHL and he was the CEO of house and he doesn't know who he is or
what's going on, that's a hell of a job. And so we have have they're the only sport of a female social worker to work just
with the wives and when i started with her she's from bowling green shannon beautiful girl and uh
very smart 25 years in the biz i didn't know how many players we'd have oh she's busy really that's
good she's 37 players uh that that you don't have an issue and she works with the caregivers and
that's a tough job and we all have parents that maybe have gone through it and we've got to deal
with that so we try to make sure that when that phone rings i never say i'm sorry like we have
an answer and that that's the most important thing help and hope that you can grab to be able to to
have an answer is the biggest thing and the
other thing that biz and i have talked about is these are proud athletes former athletes so a lot
of time it's like you want them to ask for help some guys don't want to so i'm assuming that
that's something like guys you're almost trying to get guys be willing to put yourself out there
a little bit it's hard for some of these dudes who've lived their life as the guy and it's hard to say i need some help yeah like the calls typically you'll get a call i'm fine but
well sorry you know even so much like we talked about recently a lot of guys have been going into
the program and it's been coming out like where teams will put out and players will put out
statements where i maybe didn't find it was as much as before right so seems like maybe it's
moving in the right direction in that regard,
but nonetheless, there's still an issue with what you're talking about.
Yeah, so there's two parts of that.
Like one, typically when you get a call, you know, it could be from a player.
You recognize the name, the journey, the career,
and then there's that pause of about 30 seconds.
I'm like, take your time.
There's a reason you're calling.
Tell me when you want to chat.
Take as much time as you need.
And they're emotional.
I'm getting that way now.
Yeah.
And then they let you know.
And you provide instantly that help and hope.
And you're happy that they're calling.
Right.
It's like a relief for you in a sense.
And I think the big thing, like in this role,
what we try to build to biz, that's a great point.
We never saw people walk away with issues and say,
I got to take a little break.
I've got to build it for these new guys that are on the ice today,
the best players in the world and deserve the best services in the world.
I don't know what they fully need yet i'm finding out from all
our doctors uh mental wellness is a tsunami that's coming and is already here and i've got to build
it for them i know what we need i know what our older guys need we went to a lot of team dinners
a little bit of red wine too much red wine a little bit of divorce too much divorce i get it okay i live the dream so but the new
players that are playing today that have way bigger issues from a social media standpoint
expectation standpoint the average age of an nhl player today is 23 and a half yeah is that what i
thought i was 40 you you're not playing to your 40 i was done at 32 they just never told me they brought you in
for the laughs so they're out of the game younger with a whole bunch of issues with a lot of money
which sometimes isn't necessarily a good thing you know what i mean by that but you know what
makes it is and i'm most proud of this is us the players yeah they're all in from the best in the game ever, 99.
Even players that have passed away,
the Belleville family helped make a difference
to the 67 team that we just honored
for the man of the year before Bobby Bond died,
four days before he died.
Went and saw him and leaving the room. And he says, went and saw him and, you know, leave in the room.
And he says, Glenn, whatever I can do for you,
you just let me know.
I can still make phone calls.
I'm like, Bobby, stand down, man.
You've done enough.
You did it.
Right?
You did it.
But all the guys, like all of us here,
we were willing to stick together and make a difference.
It's great.
I mean, now my defense doesn't exist with and forwards
pat flatly on the team i can replace him with richard like a grass kid center sorry ben while
hold go sit your ass on a couch uh but that's our team and it's the players that have driven the bus
and they're driving the bus in a really good way yeah and i i feel i can feel that heels and i know since you've got in there you transition over there i can like i just know it's like a safety blanket almost and
what you've built there what was like the start when you got in there that obviously you care
you know but like then you get in there and you're like okay what do i have to do and you talked
about getting all this stuff in place what What was like the momentum for that?
Was there like buddies in your life, hockey guys?
Was there an incident when you first got in there?
You're like, oh, fuck.
I got it.
Like, this is real.
Like, this hits me hard.
And like, let's take this to another level.
Because I feel like since you've got in there, it's on the radar with a lot of people, like
ex-players, families like i i know
people talk about it and what you've done and provided so when you first started what was the
one thing that was like oh shit yeah we need this i need to be this guy well the recipe was pretty
easy right so first call that i made was you can just imagine imagine, I call baby Jesus. Hello, Wayne. 99. I need you here,
buddy. I'm going to do this and make a difference so that Dave Semenko doesn't pass away without
getting a medical. I'll do this. I know it's going to be 24-7. I know it's going to be a big
mountain to climb, but on Christmas morning, I need baby Jesus in the manger.
Okay?
So you got to be on board.
Second thing, you got to come to our first meeting in Vegas with all of the league sponsors.
Like, Glenn Healy sells a lot in Pickering by the eight nuclear reactors, but not a lot worldwide.
So I needed for him to walk in and say he's in and he did.
And he said, I'm up for anything and everything.
Who wants an autograph and go deal with this fucker?
Okay.
Yeah.
Number two.
And then the other side of it, kind of a business side, but our logo,
we didn't own our logo.
The league owned our logo.
I couldn't do anything business wise without without asking for permission oh please could i have a beer sponsor could i
please have a car sponsor we created our own logo and grets is 802 hands in the air honor the past
uh we went to one of my favorite countries, Russia, to get it trademarked.
Happened in about four hours.
It was fantastic.
They do things so legit there.
But then we had autonomy.
We are on our own.
We could stand on our own.
We could go onto the street and, again, make a difference for players based on the financial side.
But more important, it is the players that make this work no one else it's not the sponsors
not pink whitney although my daughters love that by the way god and when they get diabetes i'll
talk to you later no gluten-free but uh it's the players it's mary lemieux it's bobby orr
who was on the cover of va sports you, those are the guys that make a difference.
Mario Lemieux, you know, last week doing an OVO Drake shoot for us
and for the league and for everything Wayne does.
It just doesn't end with Wayne.
He's the start, and he is the engine that drives it,
and the players are what drive it.
And we've stuck together as a group.
Has it been difficult at any moments?
Because, you know, you can tell how much you care.
You were just saying a little minute ago.
You get a little emotional.
But you're dealing with so much that there's probably times that you do deal with your own emotions of just feeling bad.
And not guilty, but, oh, these guys need help.
And you've got to put it aside to get the work done, too.
Well, we only hear about some of the stuff.
That's what I'm saying. You're hearing all of it.
It's like, this is hard to listen to,
but I got to put it aside and get to work on fixing it.
You know, you sound like the top psychiatrist in Canada.
We had all the doctors into the NHL office on Thursday morning,
and that's exactly his message to me.
You.
You need your own help.
Do I look that bad did i say uh anyways the the bottom line is uh you know we have built a team where you take the
football and you pass the football off and right and these are professionals that do their job and
know what they're doing and know the answers to some of the questions and so yeah there are times
when it's it it's overwhelming,
but that's what you signed up for. Yeah. You knew that going, Oh my gosh, I played goal.
Pucks hurt. No fucking kidding. They're, they're trying to miss you. You know,
400 stitches in your face. Well, you chose to wear the stupid mask. So you sign up for it.
You're into it. And when you turn the lights off and I, and I leave, it's going to be better for everybody else. And that'll happen. And again, it'll be the
current players that build it for the next wave. Um, the league and the valuations of the team
have gone really high, um, health insurance for all these former players that's i think that's going to be a big topic do you think there's a world maybe in the next cba where the current players can almost
like give back and pay homage to the former players to getting the owners to agree to maybe
open up a pool where everyone who's played over a certain amount of games maybe gets covered for
their family's health insurance dental if they need surgery uh if
somebody needs to go to rehab and like what would something like that cost on a yearly scale where
maybe it's a number where it's like hey that's something the fucking owners can pick up given
what's happened in the last 10 years with the league are you comfortable in this job because
i'd like to hire you would you like to work honestly though you would be so the biggest
unreal the biggest
takeaway from obviously what we've been able to create and then working with wayne and seeing
everything and how he gives back is what can maybe we do more from our side to help the players and i
will be a an advocate voice on this podcast where i think that i don't know what the number of games
would be but every former player who's helped grow this game
to put a lot of money in the pockets of owners,
them and their families are taken care of.
So that's something that I'll be, I'll grab your tiki torch
and I'll do it with you.
He'll smoke the torch too after.
And I also think Gary Bettman has done a tremendous job
as the commissioner of the NHL.
So much so that those valuations have gone to where they've gone to.
I think that he could paint his Mona Lisa as a commissioner to solidify something like that.
Because I think that he actually cares about the game.
And I also think he has the power to do that by talking to the owners.
So it's like Biz was in our meeting a month ago in New York.
You are bang on.
When you don't have money, it's all you think about.
I don't have money.
I've got to pay my bills.
You don't have your health.
It's all you think about.
And the way it works in the NHL when we played,
you had basically 120 days to decide to keep your health care.
And your health care was expensive.
36,000 a year.
96 of the players never kept their health care.
Really?
Did not keep it.
And I would say this.
When Don Fear ran the Players Association,
he didn't give a rat's ass about you or me.
And basically had all the players then go out and scramble to get what they could get.
I need something for me, my family.
I got to get something.
And so they did.
But it's not good enough.
And so when we presented a proposal with health care to the league, it was under that premise.
Gary, when you took over, revenues were 417 million.
Now they're 6 billion.
You're selling teams like Ottawa for 950 million.
They were initially sold for the price of the interchange
to get off the highway.
And so to cover players that have played 400 games,
and there's, let me round it, 1,519 players.
I don't know why I came up with that number.
I just came up with it.
But to cover those players with healthcare,
a wraparound healthcare, no matter where you live,
no matter what province you're in,
no matter what state you're in,
no matter what country you're in,
would be about 2 a half million dollars from the
PA side and the league side. And so is it doable? Yes, it's doable. And I will not stop until they
provide that for the players that have built the game. The players that play today, and it's
wonderful. I enjoy the sport so much, but it is the past players that have paved the roads for
them to drive on and there should be
something where you don't have to worry about your health where you're taken care of where look we
sent out a survey to our players uh you know i usually get 300 responses back with anything uh
we sent out a dental survey 1800 players,800 players came back with issues.
1,800.
None of us have our own teeth.
Find me a player that has their own teeth.
They're either a complete pussy, they never played,
or they're like a backup goalie like me.
But we all have issues.
And, you know, look it, I got to go back to the team and say,
in 1997, Colby Armstrong playing for the Pittsburgh Penguins or Tampa Bay Lightning.
He lost a two-second period.
Here's a video.
Well, guess what?
That was three owners ago.
Good luck in that.
So it's deserved.
The players deserve this.
And I will fight until we get it.
And we have made that presentation to the league and the PA.
And we will push this across the line with our guys. How many games you think you should have played to maybe
get that type of coverage that would then maybe be part of the argument and pushback? Like, what do
you think from a PA standpoint, should it be one game or should it be, you know, 200 games?
Well, as an alumni, you play one game, you're an alumni.
I would think there are 1,100 guys that have played 10 games or less.
They're probably selling insurance or cars or working in a bank.
They're doing something.
Hockey was not their craft.
But we have 1,500 that have played 400 or more games.
And for the most part, those are guys, their craft has been playing.
And here they are at 35 years old in the stream without a paddle.
Now what am I going to do?
You know, I used to laugh when my friends started working at the nuclear power plant pickering.
I was like, oh, good luck with that job.
They're all retired now with incredible pensions.
I know.
Crushing it.
And I'm like, I'm still working.
What happened to me?
We got such real life just was.
Yeah, there was an afterthought.
And then when you're in it, yeah, you're dealing with stuff like that.
And you're like, what the fuck?
So I think, you know, you can tear it.
If you played 400 games, that's your crap.
If it's 200 to 400 games, maybe there's a way where half of that is covered and half is covered by the player and his family.
If it's less than 200, maybe you can opt into our group plan.
But there's a couple complicated issues number one uh we again different states different countries different
provinces we can figure that shit out that's easy to figure out right uh and and the second thing is
um you know we all have pre- conditions, some more than others, but we all have something.
And so if you are given those three worst words, you have cancer, good luck getting
insurance.
Or if you are on hypertension medication or you have diabetes or whatever it may be, you
have a real hard time getting coverage.
Our plan that's presented would regardless of pre-existing conditions you are covered and so
that's the positive thing and it's adaptable so for instance sweden incredible health care
magnificent okay beautiful but they don't have dental so we can get them dental we can adapt
the program to create what the players are depending on where you are so taken from what
you said you think that the the the pool should be split up between current players and then also ownership
covering and you said two and a half million dollars is what you think it would only cost
i thought would have been more than that okay so five million total to cover that whole we thought
it would be like seven or eight when we were talking when we were talking we thought closer
to 10 but to to be conservative you think five million would get it done about 5.7 i don't know where it came up with that number but it's 5.7
for keeps going up every time but it really is not uh that's not that's not that's not a crazy
number and i guess to throw back you like the fans are probably thinking like well what do we get
do tickets prices get raised uh i think that maybe doing more live show at these major
events with these former players so and maybe make them like you know i don't know how many people
you could fit in a stadium but but maybe maybe make it free to where at least they feel like
they're getting compensation from the rise in ticket sales because i feel like maybe the the
the middle class family seems to be getting out out, at least in an area like Toronto.
Yeah, you know, let's go back to 1992.
Players didn't own their likeness, their IP, name, number, and likeness.
And it was Wayne and it was Mario that said,
in our 10-day strike in 1992, right before the playoffs,
that said, no, we're going to own our likeness and i
mean on our last episode i went to my dad who was scottish and i said dad we're going to have a
strike right before the playoffs kind of looked at me you know i was making 72 000 a year he said
yeah we're striking over like likeness and my dad in his sc brogue said, well, who the fuck would want to look like you?
And I really didn't know the whole ins and outs of it. And Bob, good dad. Yeah, he was, he was big
on promoting what he was to promote. And that was the kind of the start of us becoming legit as an
NHL players association. And in 1994, the revenues from that likeness
helped to win a battle there. And by the time you got to 2004, maybe there was a lack of strategy.
We can argue that all day long, but they became legit. So that being said, it is players like
Mario and it's players like Wayne and, and the group that helped to build the coffers for the current players.
So could that be affordable without raising ticket prices?
Yes.
It's a rounding error, for goodness sakes, for these teams.
And it really isn't even money.
It's interest on money.
You're making the money anyway.
It's like they just want to win sometimes because I'm the owner.
It's like they just can't concede.
They're all billionaires.
It wouldn't cost them shit, but they just don't want to do it.
So I guess I was even making excuses in some regard for them.
So the NHL has been fantastic for us.
Bill Daly, I have never called him and not had yes as an answer, ever.
That's great to hear.
He's a wonderful, wonderful guy who, you know, and hey, look it,
I might have made some mistakes when I was a mouthpiece
with the Players Association back when.
I am so sorry I did that.
But they have been exceptional.
And I think with Marty Walsh coming on board, who's the new executive director of the NHLPA,
Marty understands this.
He's a union guy.
And so he understands his dad, who fought for a lot of the benefits, made it so he could have a pension, made it so he could have health care, made it so that when he needed something, it was taken care of.
You know, Marty had cancer when he was seven years old.
Yep.
No health care.
You're seven years old and you got cancer.
That's a that's a drain on your family and the people whose shoulders that have built the game uh that had built the game for him when his dad did what he did in the union side uh he gets
it so for the first time i think when the music stops we have three of us sitting in a chair
like a try that that is very very powerful and i i think we have some incredible momentum and for
the retired players i think we're in an momentum. And for the retired players,
I think we're in an incredibly great spot
and our best days are ahead of us.
So when you got the job right,
you have goals, right?
And all of a sudden you had 36 doctors meet on Thursday.
You're ticking off goals.
You're getting to where you want to go.
We just mentioned insurance.
What else is kind of on the forefront for you of like,
all right, well, that's next.
That's something else that we got to kind of address
that we're not quite there yet well just when that phone rings
you never say you're sorry ever like i have an answer right phone rings and you've got a marital
issue uh divorce is expensive that's a big one i mean yeah i mean brian burke told me it's expensive
heels you know why i said no i don't know why, Berkey. Tell me. It's worth it. Well, that's not a good enough answer for me, okay?
Sorry, Berkey.
But, you know, we need to have all those answers and all the boxes checked off.
And, you know, if it is a health issue, you've got to take care of it, right?
We had the 67 team that was honored on Thursday as the man of the year.
They were never honored.
Never honored.
Seven guys left, Biz.
Seven left that are on this planet that, you know,
my daughters watched the great video we showed,
and they were like, Tim Horton, that's the donut guy.
They don't even know he played.
But we need to take care of those guys.
They're our gold.
But the most important thing is covering and checking all the boxes.
So, you know, if you have an issue and
hey the four of us well you'll have a bunch but i already have them we might not have one but if we
do uh we can get answers for guys and give them hope and help i think also when you're playing
right like you don't even want to think about the end and you never even want to imagine it
it comes into your mind nope nope nope nope, nope. I'm playing.
So when I was playing,
I remember thinking like alumni.
Oh yeah.
I'm a current player now more than ever. I'm starting to think that guys are appreciating the alumni a little bit
more.
I think,
I think before it was like taboo to even talk about that stuff while you're
in the fight.
And,
and,
and opposed to currently it's like,
all right,
well the more I hear about,
and from our show,
all their podcasts about life after hockey, at least now the current players are starting to they appreciate it a little
bit more which can only help the our entire alumni crew well you know the thursday night uh after man
of the year was done coast to coast to coast on sports that which you know we used to have our
man of the year uh at a hotel by the airport with a rubber chicken dinner and you were a fucking hostage at the table oh my god how can i do the military crawl out of here oh my goodness
anyways on thursday night we rented the hall of fame scotia bank was the sponsor and we had 200
alumni at the hall of fame and that 67 team with an entire pipe and the highland creek pipe and
pipe them in to the hall pretty impressive stuff yeah when i did the spinning chick that's the last
time i can't believe you're still on the air after my interview but um the last time i did it uh you
guys you bring up some good points as an nhl player it is about structure right you have a 9 30
meeting 10 30 you're on the ice for your skate yeah structure
meal at 12 let's have our meal at one o'clock we're gonna have our our rest and relaxation
from two to four the 4 30 bus which al arbor the bus always left at 4 15 and you'll be standing on
the curb going i get 15 minutes al if you're not 15 minutes earlier, 15 minutes late. So the bus, then you've got your power play meeting,
your penalty kill meeting, your warm-up,
then your 7-0-3 anthem.
Then you got 7-15 puck drop, rinse and repeat,
do it again and again.
As a retired player, the first thing that happens is
there's no structure.
Not what I'm going to do.
I'm in the stream with no paddle.
Second thing, the connectivity. You're a player here in Toronto. Colby, we played here. happens is there's no structure now what i'm gonna do i'm in the stream but no paddle second thing
the connectivity you're a player here in toronto colby we're we played here like you want to be on
stage with taylor swift do whatever you want like you want to you know drive to the game with justin
bieber no problem yeah you you got it all the minute minute you retire, you're nothing. Interconnectivity, the phone just stops ringing.
So no structure, no interconnectivity.
Well, the time I did the interview with you guys last time was before COVID.
Does that not sound like COVID?
Hello, world.
That's what you had to face for two and a half years, right?
No structure.
I know there were days I looked looked down and went i got these
sweatpants on again like it's three days in a row right two weeks to stop how many zoom calls did
we do when you had a suit on and a guy stood up and he was wearing raptor shorts yeah phony gotcha
um so that that's what it's like as a player and i think our world went through that with covid
it is it is a tough transition uh but we're gonna find ways to
make it for everybody that that finish strong usain bolt crossing the line it's the last slide
i show in every presentation and there ain't a runner anywhere near him hundred yard dash kind
of like when i was at pickering high school same thing not a runner near him i'm pretty sure i
don't know you guys maybe felt like
that a little bit too when i when i stopped i got like a mess i i'm like because the pa all we know
is like the pa then all of a sudden like you don't exist you're not in that you're you're no i'm not
in the pa anymore i thought i was a nhl player and then it's like nothing's there anymore kind of
then they're like we're taking your email or something. Unless you need it for like work.
And I'm like, okay.
I'm like, what's going on?
And that was like when you came on the scene for me.
Oh, you never did the alumni ceremony.
You had to know.
Is there?
No, I'm just kidding.
But when he came on the scene.
It's like a hidden cult.
Yeah.
And I knew.
I knew heels and heels had started spearheading this thing.
And Kelly Chase was in there.
Guy I love. And, you know, all of a sudden I was like part of a group again. heels and heels headed started spearheading this thing and kelly chase was in there uh guy i love
and you know all of a sudden i was like part of a group again and i like i felt like a safety
blanket i was like oh wow they're doing amazing stuff the bottles of booze came out with guys
names on it you started cranking it up we started making some money doing some really great things
um what so i think a lot of guys feel like that. What's the number? Because I think people need to hear the number of players that have played in the NHL.
Because Bugsy Ryan Malone told me the number.
And I was like.
I think it's only like 5,500.
It's like.
He knows more than I know.
You're around that.
There's about 5,800.
In the history of the NHL.
And we've got about.
Isn't that amazing?
People are dead or alive.
That's it. There's 3,800 People are dead or alive? That's it.
There's 3,800 that are alive, but about 50.
Wow.
That's not very many.
Most people would have guessed like 20,000.
Oh, easily.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
I was blown away at how little the group really is.
Well, you think about it.
Montreal Canadiens, okay?
They had the same three center icemen for 16 years.
Yeah. Backstrom, Beliveau, and Richard. They had the same three center icemen for 16 years.
Backstrom, Beliveau, and Richard.
So if you got drafted as a center iceman to Montreal,
have a good time.
I'm going to the WHA.
Chrysler plant, here I come.
The reality is Dave Keon played for a team in Northern Ontario,
and I know I'll screw the name up.
Rowan Miranda.
That's perfect.
Something like that. Close enough.
Good enough.
And, you know, they were owned by the Montreal Canadiens,
and so he would have been a Montreal Canadian draft.
No one could draft.
That was back when the rules were just made up by...
Yeah, the rights era.
Yeah, we had no rights.
They could send us to Wuhan if we wanted,
and you couldn't say anything.
And so the Toronto Maple Leafs bought that team
so that they could draft him
to become the greatest Toronto Maple Leaf ever.
Otherwise, he would have been your fourth-line center
for the Montreal Canadiens.
Yeah, seriously.
Or maybe he's the first-line center in Sherbrooke.
I don't know, but they bought the team.
To Bellevue, they bought the league so that the Montreal Canadiens,
he was playing for a league that, you know,
he didn't want to go to Montreal.
He was making more money.
They bought the whole league so that he could get Bellevue.
No shit.
Those are some of the stories that you kind of laugh at.
Those numbers, though, for people and what you're doing,
and you
talk about the owners i want to know where bellovo was playing and the money 5500 ever go back and
38 700 living that's it let's go back to bellovo he's playing in quebec what was the league so it
was a like a semi-professional league he was getting paid he was getting paid more than
you know the nhl back then they look at if you want a Stanley Cup the next year, they paid you less.
If you want to the next year, they want to pay you less.
I can't tell you the stories from some of those guys.
One hundred and forty two.
What do you mean?
Why?
Why?
Just, you know, you walk into the office, you're Al Arbor and punch him like goes great.
We won the cup.
Going to give you five thousand dollars less.
Take it or leave it.
Bobby Bond went to Gordie Howe at one point and said,
you know, I make more money than you Gordie. Gordie couldn't believe it. And then, you know,
Gordie kind of stepped up. It was Ted Lindsay, you know, who was the biggest help for me at the
players association. You know, Ted was one of those guys. He would skate the morning training
camp. Uh, he would wear, you know, your underwear. We all wear you know your underwear we all you know and
that underwear we get passed on to the rookies for the afternoon skate unlaundered here you go
wear this suck it up and shut up oh my and one of ted's great buddies who played in the nhl died in
his car homeless and that's why ted said i want to start the player association. And he did. And Ted was just an absolute wonderful man in every way.
For everyone watching, like, it's sad,
but so many people have dealt with family members, loved ones,
friends who've battled addiction and things like that.
It's one of those things, like, they have to want to get help.
You can have interventions, but until they want to get help,
there's not much you can do.
Is it the same for you where you might have a guy call, you get the 30 second pause, but
then he doesn't reach out again and you're not really able to reach out and be proactive.
You almost have to wait for them to call and be willing to go and get the help, right?
Well, can you lean them and push them?
Yeah, there's a couple of things.
I think what guys understand now, if you call me or any of our social work team,
it stays in the locker room.
We're helping about 200 guys right now,
probably a little more.
You couldn't name one of them.
Which is good.
And anybody in my office,
if they knew one of the names,
they're fired.
End of story.
It stays in the locker room there this is something
that you know you you don't fuck around with that you not a fucking chance or you're gone and so
you know i wish we could kind of say these are the success stories i wish we could do more of that
i wish we could say look at this guy you know hey there are guys that work for teams that have
addiction issues if the league found out that we're helping them and they work for teams and they have addiction issues,
how long do you think they're going to be working for a team?
I know.
Not long.
So it stays in the locker room.
And I think that's why it works.
And that's why players are now and wives and kids are willing to call and say,
okay, I know this stays in the vault.
So keep in the vault.
And that's how it
works and it will never change when i'm there ever heels you ever run into like red tape frustrations
whether it be in canada the u.s like you mentioned different states provinces where you're doing
everything you can to help but it's just not happening it does it get like frustrating if it
does get to that point yeah i mean it's that's life right right right if it's get to that point. Yeah, I mean, that's life, right? Right, right. If it's easy, someone else should do it.
So if it's hard, we'll do it.
We'll take on that challenge.
But yeah, there are definitely issues.
I mean, look, I've been fighting for healthcare
for how many years now?
And I think I'm finally at a point
where I've given them a number,
the number of players and what is acceptable
and what is doable.
And so that took a lot of work
took a lot of work of finding the right carriers that can cover it in canada cover it in the u.s
uh and so we're at that stage but it it didn't happen without a lot of heavy lifting and so
you want to work for the best players that have ever played the game you better be ready for some
heavy lifting and red tape
and stuff that are going to create roadblocks.
Did you know about the history of the Bellevue stuff
before you took over the job?
Were you always a historian of the game?
Because I feel like when I'm hanging out with Wayne,
he is obsessed with hockey and he knows everything
and the way that the fabric of the game and how leagues were bought
or teams were bought or this moving and that moving.
Like, were you always one who knew everything about it?
I've never seen anyone like Wayne.
It's crazy.
It's ridiculous.
And his memory is fucked.
I can remember when we played New York together and, you know,
the big boys would be up at the front of the plane, right?
Big gambling, you know?
And then there would be uh adam graves pat
flatley myself and doug lidster playing for like one dollar euchre games and gretz would sit at the
back of the plane um and you know people were intimidated to sit with them right wayne gretzky
yeah so darren langdon would sit with him who's one of the best guys, Deer Lake, Newfoundland. Tough dude.
Yeah, love him to death.
But Gretz would recite, you know, it was game three against the Islanders.
The shots on goal were 16 to 2.
Curry had five shots that night.
I'm just like.
Oh, it's nuts.
Glenn, what was your first NHL game?
I don't know.
What about your first NHL win, Glenn, the big one?
I don't know. What about your first NHL win, Glenn? The big one? I don't know.
This guy, just a real historian.
And look, unless you know where you've been, how do you know where you're going?
And so, yeah, I really paid attention to that.
You know, my dad fought in World War II.
They created and changed history for us to have a great free country.
So I always paid attention to that stuff.
But I was at the PA.
I certainly wanted to honor the past.
And we changed, Paul Kelly and I, the Lester B. Pearson trophy.
To the Ted Lindsey.
To the Ted Lindsey trophy.
And I'm going to be honest, maybe a little fib to the players.
Maybe Colby was on that call.
to be honest maybe a little fib to the players maybe colby was on that call i said guys best player in the game and we're naming him after an airport oh yeah you're right it's an airport yeah
the vote was like 30 to nothing meanwhile i was like no he kind of was a prime minister too
but you know how to get us he didn't play hockey we're not easy to fool no but you know how to get us we're not easy to fool no but you know and when we did the ted
lindsey trophy uh ted and his wife we would go to the hall of fame when it was closed at night
and we would go through all the trophies and i like the base on that one and i like the top on
that one i like this on that one and and i thought to myself first how stupid are they at the hall
of fame like wouldn't you go why is ted l stupid are they at the Hall of Fame?
Like, wouldn't you go, why is Ted Lindsey coming to the Hall of Fame when it's closed?
You know, Elliott Friedman would have that scoop.
He'd throw it out in a heartbeat.
They're going to create a new trophy.
But, you know, Ted was one of those guys who really made a difference.
There are over 700 NHL players.
Their pensions are terrible.
And they're getting a supplemental gift from the league and the PA.
And it was Ted and Pat Flatley that created that.
We went in, pitched what we had to pitch.
Didn't go so well with the Players Association.
I remember walking down the street with Ted.
Suit didn't match his tie, didn't match his shoes. And't. And he said, well, that didn't go so well.
Did it son?
I said, no, Ted, but you know, we'll do better with the league you watch.
And he was there to create what was a gift for 142 players,
which is the most amazing difference in these guys' lives.
It triples their pensions.
And now we're at 700 players,
but it was Ted Lindsayindsey and pat flatley
that created that and it's guys like ted who gave up his career for us like we didn't make the money
because we're good let's face it right we made the look at the building is full in toronto because
of that 67 team not us no one paid to watch me play. In fact, refund was what they were looking for.
All their banners are all when you,
that's as good as money.
That's an IOU.
Yeah.
It's because of them.
When Ted,
uh,
him being such an important part of your life doing this,
when you got,
when you got to tell him like this award's going to be after your name,
was he emotional about it?
Or was it,
was he probably felt pretty special hearing that news?
Yeah, he was, you know, such a dynamic guy.
Like there were so many elements to what he did.
He said to me one time and again, it was just, you know,
sitting around having a cold beer.
And he said, you know, Glenn, I like the corners. Now I'm a goal you know glenn i like the corners now i'm a goalie
oh you like the corners what does that mean he goes i like the corners you know why it's because
when i go in the corners i can tell right away whether i'm going in with a man or a chicken
shit terrible ted and he said in your life in everything you do in your vocation whatever
you may do go in the corners never be a chicken shit do not be afraid to do what you got to do
and that advice stuck out with me uh we were the first sports entity to go into the cbd space
shocking it's there and what uh big pharma is? We were the ones to go in it. And, you know, when everyone said to me, oh, Cheech and Chong, I don't know about this. It was that voice of Ted saying, go in the corner. Don't be a chicken shit. And that's the kind of guy he was. He stood up to everything that mattered and stood up for us, created the player association and made a difference for,
for us to have a great life.
Do you,
do you think Gary's done a great job and he's been,
has he been easy to work with and getting what you guys need?
Yeah.
When Gary first took over,
it was 1993.
I have a picture of the Stanley cup when we went to the White House and Bill Clinton was the president.
And there's the cup and there's Mark Messier and there's the whole team.
And of course, you know, Nick Kiprios, he had the cup more than Henri fucking Richard.
But he had to be like right by the cup, too.
You know, it's like your hands off at Kipper.
Anyways, there's a guy off to the far left.
And it wasn't till years later i
looked at the picture and went that's gary like gary would be in the picture now he would be where
kipper is so we'll photoshop kipper out put gary in but uh he has created uh and and look at he
works for the 32 owners and he does a fantastic job he's growing the game the all-star game this
weekend it is massive.
We've got outdoor games.
We've got two outdoor games.
We've got three outdoor games.
It is a worldwide league.
We were just in Sweden giving out the Borya Somming Courage Award to Nick Lidstrom.
Sweden is now number three in NHL players.
You know, you think it's Canada, U.S.
Sorry, Whit.
And then Sweden, like incredible.
The U.S. had a 60-year head start, and Sweden said, see you later, bye-bye.
So he's done so many great things for the game,
and he has been really, really good for us, for the players.
I think I saw him for 30 years the other day.
I saw, I actually met Elias Lindholm and his dad last night,
and I said, how many people live in Sweden?
He's like, 9 million right now.
They got 95 NHLers right now.
I mean, I think there's 7 million people in Massachusetts.
That's pretty incredible what that country's done.
And I know that was a cool thing.
Salming passed away, but giving that award, it seemed like a great event.
But I was just piggybacking on that.
Yeah.
And the thing about european players
is when you play in the nhl you matter and then you go back home and i went back home to
ajax pickering so i still matter right i'm still in the fabric of the game european players go back
to europe and we forget they even exist have a good good time over there. Yeah, yeah. So any events we do in Europe, the Salming Award,
invite 60 Swedish players to come to the event.
120 show up.
You invite 60 Canadians to a Canadian event for our Man of the Year.
30 show up.
They are all in and want to make a difference. And yeah, that award, we presented Nick Lidstrom
with the very original copy of the game sheet of Borya's first game and the very game sheet
of Nick Lidstrom's very first game. And, you know, when he was was seven he pretended he was boria salmi and so i think it was really
really special uh but yeah the european side of the game it is blown up with 1300 european players
that have played the game i i was part of the group when the russian players first came over
you know and we had the klm line that came over to play in vancouver, boy, Krutov, I was like,
I heard he can stick handle in a phone booth.
But when he came over here, he couldn't fit in a phone booth.
Like this guy, Sergei Priyakin, you know,
when he played for Calgary, I was, he stinks.
They missed their prime, those guys.
We had Igor Leba in the LA Kings.
And back then, you know, you order chicken or steak for your pregame meal.
And Igor would eat two steaks and a chicken.
And it took forever to tell him, you can only have one
because two other guys aren't going to get to eat.
He never got that.
And the entire time I played with him,
he continued to smell like a goat all the way through it.
But the game has changed.
But, you know, give kudos and props to Gary.
Yeah, there's been work stoppages.
There's been battles.
But he has been more than generous with everything that he's done
for retired players.
He cares.
Biz and myself were with Keith Yandel a couple weeks ago,
and we were talking about Wayne and how much the alumni means to him and so like I told Keith and like Biz we've said like I'd love to do anything
we could right Biz like anything we could ever MC or something so I think it's it's we'd be willing
to do anything to help out these former players who we're all the same at one point that's that's
what I think I think the best part about the game is the stories and especially the ones that happen before us like the throwbacks right so i think getting you know
directing our fans to go listen to more of these throwback stories and just do it live in the flesh
and i think that at these marquee events it would make sense and make it a ticketed and raise money
for whatever we need to raise money for i think that would be such a blast i mean you guys do it
to some degree and then you know when we go to certain cities we do live shows and stuff and
we kind of do our own thing but to collab and and yeah especially guarantee that we have at least a
couple guys who are going to come snapping around fuck we should get you every time you're easy to
snap it around with well he's probably got a million that's why heels is one of the highest
paid guys on tv yeah he's rolling yeah thanks for getting me yeah army took his job yeah that was i it was kind of i wish i took your job i
at the uh he's even paler than me what the fuck the uh skills competition last night the
happened to get to my seats and yeah i don't sit in the crowd very often or ever you know okay
there's seat number 12 seat number 13 i look and it's the
two guys who fired me from sports net hey how's it going boys okay this is gonna be uncomfortable
for three hours like wine i'm in the yacht club how are you doing sports that guys you guys got
caviar 500 is really crushing it but you know the the thing that uh you guys have going, and I really appreciate it,
is you do tell stories.
Look, we're not getting traded.
Mike Keenan's not sending me down.
Kiss my ass, Mike.
Hey, we can tell some of these things,
and you do it every time you do a broadcast.
That's why you're so popular.
That's why people don't want the same old blah, blah, blah, click, change the station.
Right?
They want what you bring out.
They want Biz talking to Wayne about shrooms.
And, well, or Justin Buble.
Buble.
Michael Buble.
But, you know.
Well, we're all taking them.
And what we do now when we go into cities like Torontoonto for the all-star game kucherov took
them too did you watch this performance yeah uh but we google okay spit and chiclets they got a
thing on thursday okay check we're not doing it that day uh you got some tuesday uh check we're
not doing it that day you're competing with us so we stay away from you to be fair we're doing
something every night so we didn't do anything for all of All-Star.
So if you missed us, too bad.
Blame these guys.
Heels, you got a big anniversary coming up,
30th anniversary of the Rangers' 94 Cup.
Any plans that you are aware of yet from the team or anything?
We are putting together an event.
It's the alumni is putting it together.
Mark Messier and Aldo are going to bring the boys back and you know it there it there's it's a catch-22 right uh they
got one cup in 84 years but you guys want it so it's almost like oh they're here again it's a
reminder a reminder that yeah you know you haven't done anything since. 29 years of failure, and maybe this is the year.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
But, you know, you think about that team.
The very first day of training camp, first day,
Mike Keenan brought us into a room and showed us the parade
from the Miracle Mets when they won major league
baseball 69. Yeah. And then that was our goal.
We went to England to play in the French's mustard cup against the Toronto
Maple Leafs. We beat them handily. They were a good team,
top four in the league. We weren't a playoff team the year before.
They gave us the trophy that year. They actually forgot it in the hotel.
So they went to Wembley flea market and bought a trophy for 20 pounds and mess looked at it and went fuck
this left in the locker room uh and then the year went on and and from from wire to wire we were
like completely the best team it got to game seven uh we were better than vancouver and you know we
were up three to one in the series and decided to do what you guys do every show,
which is open a libation and get at it.
Mail it in.
And then the next thing you know, we're like, oh, my gosh, it's 3-3.
And the pregame speech before the game, we all went in a room
and we watched that original video that we watched nine months earlier.
No way.
The Miracle Mets.
And the message was 60 minutes you guys want this and it was the most incredible parade i've ever been well i've
only been part of one san diego parade but millions and millions of people and just can you
the heroes absolutely crazy and uh one there was millions and millions millions uh just absolutely jammed and the one
funny story is so after the parade we had to go up to mtv to uh do an interview nick kiprios and i
so they put the cup in a cup is he single kiprios yeah oh my god so we I mean, he's a handsome guy. So we put the cup in the cop car and buckled it in,
and siren's going, and we're going up to MTV for the interview.
I said, why don't we stop at the oldest Irish bar in New York City?
McSully's?
Great idea.
We'll stop there, right?
Sawdust on the floor.
They don't even sell beer.
It's darker light, whatever.
So we got out
bringing the cup in kipper and i proud as could be get a beer look around where's the cup
no shut up i'm like kipper you have the cup he goes oh no you had the cup i said do i look like
i have a cup so here we are two guys that had nothing to do with winning it we lost the cup i said do i look like i have a cup so here we are two guys that had nothing to do with
winning it we lost the cup in new york city it looks like a needle in a haystack so you know
app goes out to the uh all the police and there was like 15 blocks away some party some irish guy
took the cup decided to bring it home let's have a a party. And we got a beer. So that was Nick and I.
Nothing to win it.
We lost it.
Could you imagine some just random hockey fans walking by
and this little Irish guy's got it?
When you see it, you just follow it.
It's like a celebrity, right?
How many people were around it by the time they found it?
Hundreds of people.
And you got now the keepers of the cup, right?
So they're the guys that come out with the white gloves,
and they really don't do anything other than go to parties all year.
But when we had it, there was no security.
Oh, really?
They basically just dropped the cup off and said, good luck.
And I recall walking through the airport in Toronto Customs.
Gentleman asked me, what's in the big blue case
stanley cup oh okay go ahead you were traveling with it you didn't yep by myself yeah wow
he never even opened it i could have three dead bodies with a kilo tape to the inside
so you know uh one of the gentlemen who got the cup again you know no security uh you know when
you lift it sometimes you can lift it from the bowl you're not supposed to but he lifted it from
the bowl of the cup oh that's bad for him it came off popped it off so now it's in two pieces
so houston we got a problem because you got a stanley cup party that night and it
it's not like your first communion you're not passing along a quake to eat everybody so he decided to solder it back on oh with lead
solder and covered up a dozen names oh my god so the hall got the cup back and said
next year security so from that moment on uh that was how it all started pritchard and his team so you guys started the security on the cup do you know the names of the team that was no but i
mean i'm never going to throw a teammate under the bus you know who did it but you know he's from
detroit and he wore number 26 and if he's here he could beat me up so yeah that's that's what's so
special with the cup is all the stories that it carries too right like it's a it's here he could beat me up so yeah that's that's what's so special with the cup is all
the stories that it carries too right like it's a it's if it could speak it would i could only
imagine other stories from before that point on well didn't didn't the islanders leave it like
they did a team photo and left it at a studio a photo studio they were all drunk and forgot
and the cleaning lady picked it up and like had had like a potted plant in it at some point i
think right but i'm glad it's a legend i don't even care if that story's true i'm believing it i'm retelling it well the older
guys never got the cup now you have the 99 days of the cup so you win it you get it for a day
you know and i was lucky to have it for a day and i you know i took it to the legion
in pickering i took it to the hospital we took it to sick kids hospital uh we you know had a
couple parties with it.
That was my day.
And I'll be honest, that thing is exhausting.
When it leaves your hands, you're like, oh, hallelujah, I have my life back.
But the older guys never got the cup.
And so that's one of the things we have been doing.
We've been getting them the cup for a day where they can celebrate it.
getting them the cup for a day where they can celebrate it. And, you know, Guy Lafleur, who, when he was really sick,
we made sure he got the cup.
No way.
He was so fucking crazy.
He asked if he could get one more.
And it was during COVID,
and you weren't allowed to bring things across provincial lines.
And we rented a white van and smuggled this thing
and brought it across into Quebec.
You weren't supposed to do it.
And you can go online, you can find a picture of the flower in a beautiful blue dress coat he's got his
granddaughter in the cup and that was his day with the cup he never got it that's fantastic and then
he you know he died a month or two later but those older guys you never get to celebrate it wait like
we get and yeah you know so as much as can, give them their day with a cup.
Yeah, I was blessed to see Guy at the Boston Garden so many times.
I mean, they beat us every freaking time they came to town,
but it was awesome to see him play.
But I got to ask about a pal of mine who was on that team too with the Rangers,
Brian Noonan, B Noonan.
Have you seen him at all lately?
Great, great teammate.
And, you know, when he first came on board, I was like, wow,
you know, it's a unique
trade we had mateau and and him from chicago the end larmer uh that came on board i wondered you
know it's a unique fit and then i met mike keenan and i knew where the rod noodles on board because
like water on a duck's back he could put up with mike and it takes a lot to put up with him
and was an incredible contributor
to our team. That team
had four lines, five lines deep
but he was a big part of it.
And I don't know.
I would argue he might have even scored this
Stanley Cup winning goal. He did.
It's tough to watch upon replay but
it doesn't look like Mets touched it if you
watch it from a certain angle.
In Boston, You guys can't
Even count to five
Okay
Too many men on the ice
Sorry about that
Scores
A2 here
Here we go
But
You go tell Mess
Go ahead
I saw him last night
And I thought about it
I was like no
Tell him
That's great man I'm glad You like Pete He, by the way. Tell him we're doing well. That's great, man.
I'm glad that you like Pete.
He's a great guy.
He loved him, too.
Who was the story?
I don't know if we can tell it on here.
It was one of the coaches.
It was the assistant for Edmonton.
Come on.
Talked about the power play set up.
And then he ended up losing his job thereafter.
He told the story about play fair.
Play fair.
About being new to when he was on the road. and a couple of his cousins had visited him on the road
absolutely disaster road we'll cut this because i don't want to forget someone in diet all right
i don't know what you just said for the last 30 seconds bro sounds like later two syllables
first of all we're not cutting it yeah everyone. Everyone can play the word scramble online that Ari just spit out.
What are some of your favorites?
Who wrote Swanee River?
Sounds like Jackie Gleason over there.
Yeah, Ralphie Boyd.
What are some of your favorite legendary stories to tell that you've collected through the years?
When you're sitting around having beers, is there a couple that you've heard that you just love to tell well you know what there's i've got some
dynamic in my journey too like we talked uh you know about the last time i was on 14 years ago
thanks for having me back um but you know i got to play on stage with paul mccarty right here in
toronto uh mulligan tire which is an incredibly great song. One of
his top songs and, and you know, the whole band played on stage and it was all right. It's band
on the run. It is, uh, yesterday Mullican tire and let it be that's the encore. And at 1114,
we'll come get the band and up you go on to stage with mccartney and
so you knew it was oh yeah and we you know i've got a great picture of the whole band
peel regional police uh and highland creek pipe band up on stage and there's this little blonde
head you can see looking over the stage and it was matt's matt's heard his eye and wasn't traveling
with the team he came to the concert So he's actually in the band picture,
but you have to look really hard to see it's him and he has hair.
So that's even really hard to recognize.
You know, that's, that's an incredible story.
And then representing Canada at Vimy Ridge, again, a bagpipe story.
And I know after we've, we finished playing at Vimy,
there's a little town called Arras, which is just outside of Vimy.
And that's where the actual victory parade went through when Canada, birth of a nation,
made a break in the front line and put an end to World War I, basically. And, you know,
I'm walking around. You can't buy a drink, but you can't drink a drink. You have so many drinks,
you're like, someone help me to get this, you know? And, uh, there was a lady in the window and she was waving
us up and I kind of looked up. I'm like me. Yep. So up I went and she had a whole spread set up
and, you know, uh, just an amazing situation. And she was a four-year-old girl in that window when the actual victory parade went
through wow and she's given me a pocket watch and crystal and i was like i never fought i didn't
it's a good bagpiper just leave me alone here this is good but you know that story that emotion
and to to see what what canada did for that country and to put an end to the war. And it was an incredibly moving and emotional thing.
And for Canada to do what they did,
when you look at the two front lines, you know,
you can throw a football from the German side to the Canadian side and it was
hell to pay.
It was every day,
just bomb after bomb until Canada could do what they, what they did.
So, I mean,
those are off ice stories. Uh, but the on ice stories, like that's our,
that's our craft.
That's what we love to do from when we were four years old and I wore my first
pair of Gordie house skates first year.
And at the end of the year, coach said, your son can't skate.
Did you ever get them sharpened?
And my dad said, I didn't know I was supposed to.
Your son can't skate, but he seems dumb enough.
Have you tried putting him in that?
That's it in a nutshell.
Totally.
Do you play the pipes?
Oh, yeah, buddy.
Oh, I don't think we talked about it.
No, last interview we talked about okay no
four years ago man you can't remember last night
roan dot brain so how many play glad you like you still have to practice to uh keep up though
you know everything because i got a lot of buddies who play back home yeah is that your cardio
can you do ac dc on there you can do that it's a long way you do them on the elliptical tragically
hip head by a century little hallelujah yeah you know what it's uh pat flatley uh he he jokes about
it with me and for those that don't know flats he's he's absolutely the best uh and you know
after hockey was over and i was and he thought was nuts. Like what are you playing a bagpipe stupid?
And then he came on one of the bus trips with us, one of the band trips.
He goes, you're the smartest fucker I think ever. He goes, here you are.
You went from that team to this team and this team's got a bus full of beer.
I should have been playing the bag. So look, it is a,
it's taken me all around the world. Yes, you've got to practice.
Yes, you've got to be good at it.
Is it hard?
It's a difficult instrument to learn.
It's like the accordion.
It's like one of those things.
Second best player in the world.
Really?
No shit.
It's like playing with Gretz.
If you're on his line, just keep your stick on the ice.
You'll put it on your stick.
As far as a bagpiper?
Yeah.
So for us, it it great from a charity
standpoint we do so many different things so many things in the military it's an emotional
instrument that creates a lot of passion is it a small community well so in the united states which
is a pretty big country your pipers stink oh really bad pipers canada yeah we've got some
pretty damn good bands and the best band
in the world is out of ireland field marshal montgomery and so anytime we've gone over to
the worlds to compete against them and you know you typically make your way over and then they
start marching up towards the line to play and it's like start the jet yeah we have no
we're not in their league so you know? It is something that's fantastic for me.
It's a great passion.
I love every bit of playing.
I got a question for you about just your life, right?
You've had a lot of hats on.
Player.
You'll always be a player, of course.
TV, the PA, to the alumni.
Like, would you say this is what you were meant to do?
Because you're such a fighter you're
great with the guys you wear your heart on your sleeve uh and of all the things you've done he's
a hell of a talker he can fucking do he can throw down yeah uh is this like kind of something that
you've looked back on now with the amount of lives that you're touching and like how
big it's been and how much this means to so many guys but
their families are you like fuck maybe i was maybe this was this was my destiny this was my destiny
heels uh well no you're right there's been a number of hats that i've worn and you know there
were times you know when working for hockey night canada and we were the first ones to go between
the benches yeah uh and i'd be standing beside pierre mcguire and i'd look over and think if he can do it fucking anybody can
oh geez you know so is there is there another gear to get to another uh layer yeah and this uh
where i'm wearing this hat now i think it's the most rewarding. I think when you can make a difference for players and
their wives and their kids, because I was there when their kids were born. I was there when they
weren't pregnant, when they weren't married. And now here, their kids, you know, need a little bit
of help, just something to grab onto. And so every day, uh, it, it is, it's challenging, but man,
it's rewarding when you can have someone finish strong and push them across the line.
So, yeah, this is something I love to do.
I have, you know, can I be an asshole at times?
You kind of need to be.
You probably ask me that.
They would probably say, yep.
Are there meetings I walk into and they go, oh, no, he's in a bad mood.
He's here.
Bad.
But I'm fighting
for all the right things and i'm gonna make tomorrow better than today for players and that
won't stop um hey and if they decide to go in a different direction i'm good with that too
but i'm not always going to be right but i'm going to fight for what's right well you're
absolutely crushing it and and like we said i hope we can do anything to help heels to the
hall of fame heels to the hall heels to the hall of Fame. Heels to the Hall. Heels to the Hall.
Start the campaign now.
But no, what we're just saying, though, to piggyback that,
we'll talk off whatever camera here,
but we're going to do whatever we can to help you guys out.
I mean, you guys, we're going to follow your path.
You guys, you, Wayne, and the rest of the guys you mentioned,
pulling the rope.
Yeah.
Well, thank you.
The support's needed.
Again, what makes it
work is players players make it work having everybody step in i have not had one player say
i don't want to help every single player from bobby or look at you smiling over there
to mario to wayne to matt sundin to curtis Curtis Joseph. And that's the greatest thing in our community
is when players do need help,
it is the team around them that is like running
to the front of the line to help.
And that is heartwarming, heartfelt,
and makes me wake up every day with the right reason
for my feet at the ground.
Hell of an interview.
Thank you very much.
Glenn Heels, buddy.
Thank you so much.
Hell of an interview.
Thank you very much. Glenn Heals, buddy.
Thank you so much.
Huge thanks to Heals for coming on.
It was just a great chat.
Like I said, it wasn't our standard interview we had.
Of course, we had him on years ago.
But I think he's such a funny, personable guy that anybody who's listening along
kind of knows exactly what the situation is.
And you could tell in his voice how much his heart is into it.
Oh, absolutely. I would love him to come out and play his voice how much his heart is into it. Oh, absolutely.
I would love him to come out and play bagpipes at one of our live shows.
Oh, yeah.
Well, buddy, he wears a kilt and everything.
I've seen him do it.
Yeah.
Does he go commando underneath too?
I don't know.
I don't know if he's dangling down.
Balls hang low.
How do you know?
I have a hook and out.
What a grease gutsman.
That was a little emotional at times, though.
Yeah.
He cares so much.
He's a battler.
I mentioned to him once, it's hard, right?
You're trying to help everyone, and they're doing a great job.
But still, you've got to put the emotions aside a little bit
and realize these guys need me right now, and he's doing phenomenal.
I didn't realize it was four years ago when we chatted with him
and what he's done since.
The alumni is on the perfect trajectory upwards,
and it's great to see being a former player. Yeah, it was great chat with him another trade we didn't get to yet the
jets that they look maybe dead and buried last year the way that team was going turned it all
around over the summer and they just picked up sean monaghan from the habs one of the highly
fucking sought after free agents or i should say pending free agents at the deadline 29 year old
pending ufa less than two million dollar cap it. Montreal gets a first and 24, a conditional third and 27 as well.
Just a great deal for both teams, right?
A great deal for both teams.
You got to shout out Ken Hughes, though,
because the fact that they got a first-rounder for taking him
and then they dealt him for a first-rounder,
that's a master class in GM work.
And right away, my bud Bill Ryan, he works for Montreal.
He said early on, he goes,
they're going to get a first rounder for him this year.
And he came out of the gates firing.
He's had an awesome season.
He's finally healthy.
He's finally healthy.
These guys have been battling injuries for so long.
And I think because you look at, you got to get that deal done a little sooner.
And obviously, it's not that soon.
It's February.
But you can't risk the chance of him possibly getting injured,
and then you can't even trade him.
So it was good to get it done.
The Jets, what a season.
And the same way I mentioned Lindholm talking about when Johnny left
and Kachuk left, like everything kind of fell apart a little bit in Calgary.
Well, Winnipeg this year, right at first day of camp,
they announced Hellebuck.
They announced Shifley.
It's been the exact opposite.
Bonus has done a great job.
Ran into him and his son here.
Great people.
His son's now working for Ottawa.
And I think that the Jets are,
they're a team that just is absolute motherfuckers to play against, right?
Like they have some serious top end talent.
Great to see Connor back.
But you add in Monaghan, smart, reliable player, can play anywhere.
We kind of talked about him last week or two weeks ago
and mentioning where he fits in. And I think this is an awesome deal for a team that that really
believes that they could win the stanley cup when you have hellebuck and you have some of those
forwards and a solid decor like they eat like if they want it i wouldn't be surprised at all
and just to get a guy to be brought in and show the team hey we're all in as well with what you
guys have done first half of this season we're going to give you a little bit more help. It's great.
And we said the same with Lindholm,
a guy that'll just kind of seamlessly work in the locker room.
Like anyone you talk to, especially in Calgary,
he's a first-class guy, Monaghan, one of the nicest humans.
And it's just great to see him healthy and playing hockey again
because it was a mental grind for him there.
Last three years or so.
Yeah, about two or three years.
I was doing the first Hockey Night in Canada appearance I i did they brought up his body and then they had like the
arrows pointing to every which part of his body surgeries yeah like groin here ankle here knee on
this side shoulder here conky here it's just it was crazy with what he's dealt with and uh it's
just good to see a guy now in a position where i mean that team's ready to compete for a stanley
cup when healthy boys like the depth they have up front it is just insane like he's going to be probably
what their third line center yeah maybe even their fourth maybe and maybe their fourth like
that's just how deep they are where it depends how they're juggling lines on that night and
um i i wasn't surprised to see them having to give up a first round for him because in this
cap situation boys getting a guy who can make that type of impact at 2 million,
I think that's less than what Zdorov makes.
And Winnipeg's had just the perfect situation.
They've taken their time with Perfetti.
He looks awesome now.
When you wondered who would be captain, well, it ends up being Lowry,
this horse fight anyone.
Maybe a different decision.
You thought it might be Scheifele, right?
No, it ends up being Lowry.
Seems like the perfect leader there.
It's awesome for that city
too. The whiteouts and the playoffs. Everyone
wants to see these guys in the playoffs.
Going to be a tough barn to go into and win.
It's an exciting time for the Jets fans, all of Canada.
I want to ask you,
he's been around. I know he's an OHL guy.
You might have a beat on this a little bit.
How old is Sean Monaghan? He played at 8-10. I just he's an OHL guy. You might have a beat on this a little bit. How old is Sean Monahan?
He played at 8-10.
Hold on.
I just want to hear what he says.
Because, yeah, he's been around forever.
I would assume Sean Monahan is probably 32.
He's 29 years old.
Sean Monahan?
Oh, did you say that?
But I'm amazed.
He's 29.
And he looks.
He's got 13 goals.
What does he got?
35 points already? Like, he's got 13 goals. What's he got, 35 points already?
Like he's on pace for what, like virtually a 60-point season?
And maybe being back up 25 goals plus by the time it's all said and done,
possibly.
Like he's having a good year.
He looks light.
He's light on his feet.
Never been like a super fast guy, but he looks like he's got his pop back to your guys' point with being
healthy.
And I think just like a super fast guy but he looks like he's got his pop back yeah your guys's point with being healthy and um i think just like a wise pickup some might say first rounder like i don't know
but we gotta start a new segment like guess his age and guess his salary i know what's his year
and term remember when i thought uh who was in long island who do you think he was so
josh bailey no i thought he'd played 300 games he was at like 902 but you know what last thing on Monaghan and same thing for Lindholm is you cannot describe how
amazing it is for a player to go from out of the playoffs and probably looking at being done early
April to going right in the fire and right in the mix of a playoff cup chase it's just like
so energetic for each guy to go in there and start getting a chance
to really win it all so it's it you're going to see some really good play out of both these guys
i think uh one more sign to mention this could be a real nice savvy one the apps picked up zach
parise a one-year deal 850k he had 21 fucking goals last year 39 years old i mean it's it's
like a low risk fucking high return move right yeah i felt that he really fit in with the islanders and
he um he embodied his role like he became a puck hound on the forecheck and it just maybe i guess
stood out more than years past because when you're a top two line guy you kind of got to mix in with
the flow a little bit you can't be just like busting your your chops on the forecheck every
single shift right yeah but i thought that he was an incredible puck hound last year and he just
seemed to really find his confidence and he was making i think a million bucks last year so talk about a return
on investment for the islanders and as an older guy it's kind of nice sometimes to not have to
play the first half of the season get your legs underneath you and that way you have a little bit
more jam going into the mix so um colorado uh there is rumors too that laniscag might be ready for playoffs i think
that's being optimistic but they're starting to load up so the west right now cage match continues
to be a cage match i don't know who's coming out but the big russian back too is he still out he
isn't he out the big russian choo-choo train in colorado he's in rehab yeah he took yeah he took
he took a leave yeah so he'll he'll hopefully be back for that too i mean yeah they would need him to win the cup yeah he's just a difference maker and to that
point of what he does and talking about fit of what parise is i know he's older but he's pretty
savvy and crafty in the mixer merle so he's always around the he's always on that back door
tipping ability so you talk about fit when you got all these horses dancing around the outside. Those guys like to get in. But the way they play to have a guy like that, that's that kind of inside guy that can do that for them. It's just like it could be i mean if he can get his legs under him and catch up with some timing issues maybe that he's missed some time but you get a
guy that's savvy like that just with his particular specialty which is i think around the mixer and
around the net that can be cause havoc and score goals he has great touch in around that area and
and they got the other guys they don't need him to be this horse up and down the ice i'll agree
with you and not to take anything away from the ch't need him to be this horse up and down the ice. I agree with you.
And not to take anything away from Machushkin,
because I think he is like second in the league in power play goals right now.
But I don't think that they've had quite the net front presence
and guy in the mixer since they've lost Landis Gog.
Yeah.
Right.
That guy was the bull in the China shop,
could retrieve pucks around that area.
So a great signing and look out, folks.
Look out.
Look out for us a week from Wednesday,
the Chicklets cast on TruTV on max streaming
and opposite of the regular TNT game,
Florida, Pittsburgh.
I can't fucking wait for this biz.
I mean, we've watched them so far this year play.
And I mean, Army, you were doing that broadcast
when they were getting into it.
Shocker, Florida, every game.
But we're fired up, folks.
And we're grateful for the opportunity that the league and tnt has given us to kind of just do
our thing that we've done really since the even the beginning of covid days with these live streams
and getting on our fun guests and kind of viewing a game the way we would on the couch with our
friends so uh look out for that valentine's day i know some of you ladies who are stuck listening
in the car right now in the passenger seat and your boyfriend's forcing you to listen well if you could suck it
up for one more night and and put your your fancy uh valentine's day date aside and your man can
cook for you and stay home crack a bottle of vino maybe a bottle of pink whitney too and watch the
spit and chiclets live cast why do you assume the man was driving, Biz?
That's going to be a tough one.
That's going to be a tough one.
I'm going to get a few online replies.
I heard five or six girls say that to us throughout the weekend. That's why.
It's been embedded in my brain.
That's how the operation.
Last time I chirped women driving,
I got into a car accident in an hour and a half.
Yeah, that'll do that.
Learned my lesson.
G-Drop, this latest Chicklets, you as well.
Penn State, if you haven't checked it out, check that one out.
I owe a huge apology to the ladies of Northeastern.
I fucked up the score last week.
I screwed with my numbers up all the time.
They won the ladies bean part 2-1 over BU in overtime.
It was still the first bean part at TD Garden.
So the Lady Huskies, I apologize.
I should have got it right because I am an alumni of that school as well.
And you're a general.
You're a general. General.
General.
A sad note here.
We got to pass our condolences along to the family, friends, and teammates of former Bruins goalie Blaine Locker.
He passed away, sadly, at just 53 years old.
No cause was given.
I saw it right at last night.
The lock this monster, man.
I remember he came out of Lake State, Lake Superior State.
He was awesome.
He was so good for such a brief period of time.
But it's just, however
he passed, just a tragedy to lose somebody that
young at 53. So again, we extend
our sympathies to his family and friends.
We got a lot of thank yous for this weekend
before we wrap up. But Piz, I wanted to mention
the Body Armor commercial with McDavid.
What's going on with that? We haven't talked about it yet.
Nick Oscar. Yeah, like, you know,
we didn't have much time to get this done and it was
a small window and
Jeff and the guys behind the scenes helped whip up a little script.
And when I thought much like the live show, your acting took over.
Oh yeah.
It was just a regular old day Lewis.
It was unreal.
I'll say this like great commercial turned out pretty funny.
I think people enjoyed it.
But for me to be standing in front of three guys that that helped us out and not one of them to tell me my goddamn fly was down for that commercial is
fucking pathetic g's on waivers for those three guys not to mention to me like did you see it i
thought you were trying to give the the the sneaky nut like buddy like my flies down like somebody
help me out like we're a team here so that was upsetting really taking the heat online for that
one but it was fun to do.
We banged it out quick.
And we were talking to the body armor people.
I mean, talk about spending absolutely zero money
for a pretty successful commercial.
No cost on that one.
So it was great.
Best water in the world.
I'm telling you, they have the big bottle with the wide mouth.
It's incredible.
There it is right there.
And I told the story in the live show.
I don't need to go into detail,
but I ended up getting with a girl one time and her vagina was extremely smelly and and radislav
klezl let me know the reason for that was because her ph levels were off and body armor is ph
balance so it just so happens that uh that that story really came together before the chicklets
cast on valentine's day girls i guess Biz is saying have some body armor. Crush some body armor.
Thankfully, we didn't get too detailed there, Biz.
And at least McDavid called you before you missed that pot too.
That was a lifesaver, hey?
You were shaking around.
All excited to get a call.
Got an eight-footer.
Didn't even reach the hole.
And I guess as a wrap, the city of Toronto,
the NHL putting on another amazing event.
It was just all the people we got to see, meet, just a week that I'll never forget.
And just very blessed to get to do what we do.
We're going to go bail that guy out of jail that Pasha loved, that loved Pasha as he was taking his beating.
Oops, I didn't mean to cut you off there.
I just want to get the final thank yous out.
Channy, obviously, for dinner.
Will Arnett, Louis K, Keith Yandel, Curtis Joseph,
Small Town Strip Club, great job with the music.
Josh Ruckstuhl, Mr. and Mrs. Bissnett, of course,
Jeff Merrick and Elliot Friedman.
Also, thanks to the Winter Garden, the theater staff.
Also, awesome people, the guys behind stage,
the people out in the front of the house and stuff.
And from the Barstool side, huge thanks to Megan,
M.B., Pala, Julia, Hannah,
Connor, and Live Event Lisa.
Without that crew, this shit doesn't get done.
So we thank you guys.
Once again, you guys crush it all the time.
And Josh Ruckstall.
I think we've added another member to the team, a photographer.
Fish has been responsible for wearing a lot of hats,
and he's doing all the Polaroids.
But Josh Ruckstall is a kid I met when I did a piece with Steve Mayer in the NHL.
We did these NHL first-timers.
And he was a hardcore Leafs fan, and Josh had reached out to me on Twitter
because we talked about maybe doing something like this.
And his father hadn't been to a game since the old Maple Leaf Garden.
So with the help of Josh and and his brother we were able to fly
to new brunswick we went and surprised the father and he suffers from louis bodies so it's difficult
for him to move around now but we flew him and the kids out and we got to go to a lease game in which
they won matthews is his favorite guy who do you think scores the game winner and he got to meet
austin matthew after the game it was a fun piece I mean I'm sure you can go watch it on the NHL YouTube channel or wherever you can find it it's called
NHL first timers and myself and Josh and the family have kept in touch and I know that he was
doing photography with the WWE and the wrestling circuit and his work was great and I just wanted
because it was Toronto I was like oh it'd be cool if you came and then the photography element just
kind of came up
and we were able to add him to the squad for the weekend
and all these amazing pictures that you guys have seen
on our Instagram or Twitter are as a result of him.
So a great addition to the squad.
He was, I think at one point, playing bouncer in the bar
for one of the boys too.
So he fits right in like a glove
and I look forward to having him on more trips.
And the team grows. So shout out to josh we love you and uh and of course spark plug ronnie
who couldn't make it because he's you know he's struggling a little bit but we we love you and uh
i'll never forget it buddy what a whirlwind trip it all came together boys i'm so grateful for you
guys i love you guys and uh of course our fans who listen every week. So I think that's a great way to cap her off.
I just,
I want to thank everybody that would yelled EBR and everybody rides to me
all weekend.
And of course,
Muggsy jeans who had me looking good all weekend,
the amount of compliments I got from them.
So that's my pitch.
Thank you guys for listening.
Thank you for following along.
We'll be back next week and also chicklets cast next Wednesday.
Love you.
Love you. Love you.
Calling the bed and fucking sucking on my phone.
You can't get liquor cheap
But how much is your love?
They say a drunken speech
Is just so good that
I like to poke a bear
I like to poke the bear I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in
And take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox
To cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan But I said something that crossed the line
When I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell shift
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot She had me with a cheap shot I think we need a deep talk.
