Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say a drunken speech is just so the thought.
I like to poke a bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 483 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney for our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family
What is shaking gang? We had some fireworks in Ontario
An insane Super Bowl.
And it's a big week for the Chicklets
crew, so let's say howdy to them right now.
The Wit Dog, Ryan Whitney. What's shaking, my man?
Not much, guys.
An amazing game last night.
Great to watch. It was a
hell of an effort by
Sam Fran. Right at the end, they couldn't get it
done. But Mahomes is the
new Brady. I mean, you can't deny it.
I'm a Pats guy.
I'm a Brady worshiper.
But at some point, you got to just be open to admit that through six years as a starter,
this guy, he's a way better player through six years than Brady.
And there's numbers that back that up.
But quickly to my week, I have two things I got to bring up.
One, so of the second accident of my two-accident day, no, the first one.
You mean one day you got in two car accidents?
Yeah, my two car crashes.
The first one.
That was the one that went through insurance.
And if you guys remember, I was going one to three miles per hour when I tapped into this person
in which it was like a little red like
two-door car with five people in it including a two-year-old in the back seat on somebody's lap
nobody spoke English absolute disaster remember fire trucks police full full body cast oh yeah
the full Monty and and and they wanted the ambulance and the ambulance came and then
through the interpreter they said oh we'd have to pay for the ambulance like we're not doing the ambulance and and and the cop said to me he
mentioned he goes these people could end up or i i brought up like hey they can't try to like
sue me right for injury there was no injury nobody even was moved it was a love tap in the back
and he's like yeah yeah insurance is you're fine you're fine well sure as shit
i got a call from insurance and they're coming after me oh they come on and i knew it i knew it
so i had to give a statement to the insurance on what exactly went on and now they're coming to
look at my car which obviously that's fine because in the front there's absolutely no damage but
your license plate's bent that's so i'm recorded on the phone line with insurance.
And on the recording, I'm like, I need to be adamant here.
There's no possible way you could be injured in this accident.
And the guy's like, okay, yep, that's on the record.
This is a recording.
And then I said it again.
He's like, Mr. Whitney, sir, you've already made that clear.
Trust me, we have ways to go about realizing that they could not possibly be injured.
But there's one, right?
I knew it was coming.
And I'm sure they're trying to come after me.
The second thing.
So, Chicklets cast this week.
Very special.
Wednesday night, guys.
Come and join us on TruTV and Max and watch us watch the game.
Pittsburgh versus Florida.
I got history in both.
Biz has history in Pittsburgh.
Can't wait for this night. Well, it's Valentine's
Day on Tuesday, correct? Or is it Wednesday?
Wednesday. It's actually Valentine's
Day, so excuse me. So my wife,
you know, being a wonderful woman, she said,
well, we're not going to be together for Valentine's Day, so I
lined up a little surprise for you.
Or us. I said, oh, great.
What was it? It was Tuesday morning.
So she wouldn't tell me what
it was. And sure enough, we start driving into Quincy. I'm like, where are we going right now?
And she's like, oh, I'm like, I want to know where we're going. Like at this point, I don't
know what we're doing. OK, surprise. We're in the car together. We don't have to wait till we get to
the door of this place. She's like, oh, it's this amazing new I think it's like popular on TikTok.
I don't know exactly where the the backstory comes
from it's like a very special scalp massage and a head a head scratch scalp massage shoulder
massage i was like no shit she's like yeah it's this random place that does it and apparently you
can't get a you can't get a reservation to get one of these for six weeks and i luckily called
and we were going to have
one at 10 and i was going to go at 11 but i called about a week or so ago and we can both go at 10
o'clock now you're not together it's like a little area and then they just pull over the curtain
i said is this a goddamn thai foot massage that business is like what's that no no no it's a
scout so we go in and she's been listening to the pod no she hasn't so i was like what the hell is
going on she never has never will thank god so i go in and it's it's phenomenal right they start
with the shoulder rub the head scratch the head massage they got the tools out on your face it's
just amazing experience and about third like kind of like i don't know what the tool is biz but it's
like a i don't know it's like yeah so some it's like a, I don't know. It's like a massage.
Yeah, so a couple of my girlfriends have them.
They're like these, the rollers that they put in the freezer.
So is it a cold one?
Yes.
Yeah, it takes the inflammation out of your face.
I'm an inflammation guy.
Yeah.
And I don't put my head in my cold tub, so the face is always inflamed and gross.
Whatever, I deal with it.
It's my face.
I'm going to live with it.
Well, about 35 minutes in, it's about an hour thing maybe 40 minutes in she brings out this big hard plastic bubble it was like almost like what the top of an astronaut would put on his head
goes all around your head and they put it around my head i'm kind of like what is this she's like
oh steam steam steam i was like oh nice you know So they set this thing up and then they plug some
hose into it. And all of a sudden, just this steam is coming. And obviously, the hard plastic bubble
stays around your head. And the steam gets in and your face gets all warm. And apparently,
after that, they're going to end up finishing the face massage, getting the scalp massage.
Just wonderful. So far, I'm like, what a Valentine's Day gift for my wife. Of course,
just wonderful so far i'm like what a valentine's gate gift for my wife of course i can get her anything so i'm sitting there and i'm about this close one second away from falling asleep
and all of a sudden the thing collapses and buries me in the forehead it cut my forehead
boom cut my i was like ah ah and the whole place is like, what's going on?
The woman's like, oh!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Like the people in the Kaya hit.
And I was like, am I bleeding?
And then all of a sudden, I hear my wife laughing.
What is going on?
She's like, yes, you're bleeding.
You're bleeding.
I said, holy shit.
This woman, this other woman, she walked by, and apparently, she was not paying attention.
And she buried the hose
at the bottom that connected to the top and it it rumble fucked the entire thing it came smashing
down on my head so i mean how's that for a valentine's day gift i said thanks a lot i
appreciate your your thought and your love for me babe. But you ended up cutting my forehead.
I'm going on TruTV to announce the Penguins Panthers next week.
Did you call your insurance back?
I could own this massage place.
Witty's Thai Massage.
Can I see your forehead?
No, because now it's kind of like healed.
And I've done so much work on this.
I mean, I'm talking Neosporin every 10 minutes for the past week so it hasn't been a week it's been six days it's fine
now and especially with the ability for us to get a little makeup on wednesday night i'll be good to
go but just the just the idea of like being so ready to fall asleep from a wonderful scalp massage
and then having a crashing giant moon boot type like contraption
fall on your forehead and cut you.
I mean, some say like some say, you know, I didn't deserve that.
That's kind of what I'll leave that at.
But in the end, it was a wonderful gesture for my wife.
It was a good experience until I got cut like I got high-sticked by Morgan Riley after celebrating an empty net goal.
But in the end, I came out on top because I really kind of battled through this.
You're not the only one having head issues this weekend.
I got to get one for you.
You're going to love this one.
Paul is nasty.
But yours is just you were getting head and it didn't go well?
No, it was.
So I ended up going to waste management.
Oh, baby.
We have a lot to talk about.
That tournament might be canceled at some point.
Yeah, so just like the more it's gone on,
the more some people just become complete goons.
Like even not on the 16th now,
you'll have guys following players
and just yelling in their backswing.
So the players are starting to get a little bit fed up.
From my understanding,
that was one of the rumors going on on Twitter that they were thinking
about, but I doubt that they would cancel it. You need a type of event like that for the PGA.
But from my understanding, they were kind of letting everybody in, even if you didn't have
passes for that certain day. I heard on Saturday, they weren't even checking tickets anymore.
Right. Yeah. Like when you walked into the front gate, apparently it was just a free for all.
So I don't know if they thought because of all the rain and all the mud and how you were
basically condensed to just walking on the sidewalks.
Cause normally when you're trying to get to the 16th and go all these different places,
like you can kind of walk along the grass.
And so the laneways are a lot wider.
Well, because it was so like, even when I was walking to the 16th on saturday there were
people on the side grass part trying to like skip and get by they were bailing the girls dressed in
all white just wiping out their well and it was wet from all their rain correct oh yeah i think
uh wednesday wednesday thursday and friday collectively they'd gotten a shit ton of rain
so it ended up being like a a muck fest and maybe not as enjoyable as years past.
But nonetheless, a great time.
Went to 16th, went to this green skipper where it's maybe a little bit of a younger vibe.
They got a DJ there, got to watch a little bit of the golf.
And then after that, I ended up seeing Darcy Hordachuk, who always takes care of us along with the others.
And I think he's part of those, is it Firebirds?
It's called the Thunderbirds.
Thunderbirds.
And they throw the whole thing on.
They raise a ton of money for charity.
So Horty and the Thunderbirds always make sure to take care of us.
So shout out to Hortichuck.
And then we went to House and Grounds for a little bit of a chill vibe
before we headed over to Keigel.
So overall, an incredible Saturday night.
But on Friday, I ended up going with a few buddies
to that Global ambassador again. So one of the other restaurants associated to this place has now
opened. It was a little bit, uh, it was a little delayed. They had that soft opening. Things are
starting to roll. People starting to head in there. So I think collectively through the whole
global ambassador, there's like four or five restaurants, two different pools, one on the
ground level, one that's a little bit more private for the members only. They got a coffee bar in the morning. So this place is
unbelievable. So we go for dinner on Friday night and a girl that I kind of know, you know, she
ended up coming over and we didn't end up staying late. We ended up, you know, she was feeling a
little bit frisky, bring her back. It was, it was game on. So we go round one. Round two, then obviously get a nice,
like one of these incredible hood washes.
To get you going again, right?
To get me going again, buddy.
And about halfway through, like spit, it's all dripping, right?
It's just a free for all.
She stops and proceeds to take out a zin out of the top decky of her mouth i was making out with
her the entire time had no clue she had an upper decky and freezer tarp mrs freezer tarps was
giving me the gluck gluck blah blah with a fucking zinsky is she canadian or she's not canadian she's american have you ever seen a girl zin
i'm i'm fully i had i've seen girls in i had a head high and we're not talking about my
fucking noggin here i had a head high the rest of the night and but a girl zinning
yeah i think it's more common than you guys think i am fully on board with congress trying to ban these things now whatever whatever people in congress want me backing them reach out to me
via dm via twitter reach out to jeff jacobson whoever you have to i am fully on board this
is getting out of control it needs to stop i don't know like senator i was getting told by a
girl and say the guy's like, what the hell?
That's why I want to get rid of these things.
Now, were you that disgusted by it?
No, I was.
I was more in shock.
First thing that came to mind is I can't wait to tell Whit on the podcast, obviously.
So I sent her this in.
But how fucking preposterous is that?
I don't know.
I guess nowadays, according to Gr to granelli it's more normal
but for me like it's almost just like oh it's kind of a guy thing i but i was made we were making
out i mean we'd already went around and had no clue that this thing was even up there so i just
thought like it and it was just the way she went about it she just took it out and then like chucked
it down my hallway because we were kind of got got a little hallway to my bathroom in the bedroom here.
But I was just like, what was that?
She's like, Zinn.
I'm like.
She probably didn't have it in until she saw that crack house apartment
you have there.
She's like, oh, if I'm going back to a dude who lives here,
I'm chucking a Zinn in.
Shut the fuck up.
What's this place?
700 a month?
So I've experienced it all, man.
That's a first.
I don't know whether I want to marry her or never talk to her again.
That's the thing, right?
Oh, Freezer Tarp's going to be begging you for this.
Oh, yeah.
To the dome.
How does he do?
Imagine if she started just rifling off all of his sayings.
Oh, man.
Tucker Carlson, man. Giving you that dome with the Tucker Carl sayings. Oh, man. Tucker Carlson, man.
Giving you that dome with the Tucker Carlson in top shelf, man.
Upper deckie.
Where your hog goes.
Upper deck your dome piece, baby.
Got the mascara dripping with the Zen Bomb top shelf, baby.
What's up, R.A.?
What do you got for me, buddy?
No, so you spit on my heart
with a cinnamon flavor, yo.
Oh, yeah.
Give me that nicotine spit.
Hey, tuck one of those
in my foursy.
Maybe I'll get a...
That's what I thought
you were going to say.
That's up the milligrams.
That's right.
Up the MGs, baby.
Who needs Cialis
when you got the... Zin. Z the ziagra let's go baby i don't need
a spitter i got your cock man yeah oh my fucking god oh for fuck's sake son what up guys it's pink
whitney time read by the man himself. Yes, Pink Whitney.
The number one flavored vodka.
Pink Whitney is where it's at.
And for all the people who are football fans and have been drinking Pink Whitney
throughout the college and the NFL season,
yes, it's over.
It's over.
It's a sad day.
But Pink Whitney doesn't stop.
It never will.
We're on to the next sport.
We're on to the next event.
We're on to the next party you're going to. And we're on to the next bar you go to because that's what I want to
do. I want you to do. I want you to head on over to your local bar and make sure to order some Pink
Whitney. We can mix it up with a little mixer, a little soda water. You can do it as a shot.
You can do it any way you want. Maybe even a little energy drink in there for a little pick
me up if you're looking for some energy.
But Pink Whitney is the drink that I will be having a little bit of before our big Chicklets cast on Wednesday.
You got to loosen up before you're on TV talking about the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Florida Panthers.
So that's where Pink Whitney is going to help me.
Probably a nice little mixie before we get going.
And it's the especially, exceptionally, excuse me, smooth, great tasting vodka with notes of refreshing lemon. And now they have the 1.75 liter bottle, more of the Pink Whitney we know
and love. Great for parties, sharing with friends. And I'll tell you, this bottle's a monster. It's
enormous, but it'll last a little longer for you. You can enjoy it with some buddies. You can enjoy
it with your family. Doesn't matter who. everyone loves pink whitney so take your shot with pink whitney right now back to that
tournament yeah um let's go so zach johnson my i think my least favorite professional athlete of
all time i've kind of seems like a bit of a rocket i've been on this guy since he blocked me on
twitter about eight years ago i I mean, him sitting there.
So the thing is, as you mentioned, yeah, like yelling at guys' backswings,
like that's not cool.
But these players also kind of have to understand it's one event a year.
You don't have to play in the event.
Last year, I believe it was an elevated event, so they got the huge purses.
This year, it wasn't.
But they go to the event, they kind of got to know.
I'm not saying yelling in somebody's back swings the play.
That's brutal.
But these people are so crippled, you almost have to understand what you're getting yourself into at this event.
Now, that goes even more so if you're going to go over and talk to the fans that are yelling at you, in which Zach Johnson did.
Apparently, he was getting just ragdolled and ridiculed for his captaincy
during the Ryder Cup, which was a horrific, horrific display by him as captain.
He was horrible.
And he's over there and you know people are going to get the phones out recording.
And he's like, enough.
I've had enough.
And it's just like, oh, my God.
Do you understand how much worse you're going to do once you go?
You have to just take it and take it.
And it sucks.
You're getting paid a lot of money.
But keep walking because once you go over as one nerdy golfer trying to yell at a bunch of drunk kids, you're only going to look worse and worse.
I mean, you saw Billy Horschel yell at some fans who were apparently yelling in a guy's backswing that he was one of his playing partners.
And, of course, what's going to happen when you're talking to all these drunk kids?
They're just going to laugh at you and rip on you even more.
I think one guy goes, you cocked Billy Horsham, and everyone starts dying laughing.
So these guys got to understand, like, Big Cat had the best quote.
I think the players pretend to love the tournament, but now they're realizing, like, we're stuck in the Coliseum, and we got nowhere to go.
Now, the bad thing about the tournament was when they cut off alcohol sales on Saturday.
Understandably, I mean, there's videos of kids just sitting there, passed out, pissing themselves, people falling down the hill.
It's madness.
But they cut off alcohol sales, which I guess you have to do at some point.
So I don't know if you mentioned the fire marshal showed up.
Oh, no.
Because too many people?
That's what happened.
Because they were so over capacity
that the fire marshals came in
and then they had to shut down the alcohol.
Just because of what was going on
with the mud and the chaos,
too many people,
people being drunk,
yelling at the players.
So I think it was just a collection of everything
and they said, pause.
So it would just suck though
for a group of guys who are normal
having a couple beers
and then all of a sudden they can't get a beer the rest of the day. So it'll just suck, though, for a group of guys who are normal having a couple beers,
and then all of a sudden they can't get a beer the rest of the day.
So it'll be interesting to see what the tour does with this event.
It makes enormous money.
I'm assuming the ratings are great.
Granted, they had to finish the tournament after the Super Bowl started,
which I'm sure crushed their ratings at the end.
But it seems to be getting crazier every single year now.
It's pretty cool to live in a place that gets that.
Because every year you're essentially getting a full week Super Bowl type of event.
Where you're getting, you know, the city's got a certain buzz about it.
And even the weeks leading up, they have Barrett Jackson.
So basically the minute that February starts here, and then the spring training ends up rolling in.
So it's a good two, three months to live in Scottsdale.
So I hope they don't get rid of it.
That would suck.
And yeah, let's keep the ball rolling, baby.
Yeah, judging by the clips,
a lot more donkeys than usual.
Dudes are making like sand angels,
not snow angels, sand angels in the fucking sand trap.
That's just a loser move.
I mean, you're going to jail for a night
because you got on Twitter like doing a sand angel.
One thing that you didn't mention, Whit mention that you had going on the last week is you started a new show on Barstool.
Actually, R.A., I got to bring up something with you, buddy.
Yep.
Started a new show.
And for everyone who isn't aware, it's myself, Dave Portnoy, and Kirk Manahan of the Kirk Manahan Show.
Very interesting in terms of I had no clue what we were going to talk about.
Neither did Kirk.
He's the host.
Dave, I think that's kind of how he goes.
He's not much of an outline guy.
It's kind of just like we'll talk about barstool stuff.
I don't really know.
We'll talk about anything.
Well, we did the first show, and it was actually pretty good.
He had that lunatic, I don't know how to even describe Nate,
just a deranged human.
And he's screaming at this new Barstool employee, Ohio State, who they were going back and forth along with Kelly Keegs and other Barstool personality over Barstool Radio basically
being canceled and our show, The Unnamed Show, beginning Thursdays, 1130 live.
Well, the show finishes and to rave reviews.
I mean, a lot of numbers, a lot of views, a lot of people engaged.
And I check Twitter, and I see R.A. retweet the show and write, holy cringe.
So, sorry, R.A.
The king of cringe times in.
King of cringe.
Like, R.A., like, what the fuck is your problem?
No, all right, let me explain.
That was a real-time tweet.
You guys had Nate on it at that time. So I quote tweeted at that time.
I was talking about Nate on the show.
Obviously, I wasn't shitting on you guys.
At that moment, I was like, oh, my God.
Nate, when he was yelling and being a maniac,
it was so cringeworthy.
That's when I quote tweeted and said, holy cringeworthy.
Why do you do this on Twitter?
You tweet shit where everybody's got to essentially
go dig for the information.
You keep shit so fucking vague sometimes.
How are people supposed to understand
that that meant that?
Like, tell us.
Well, I don't, yeah.
I can see why people read it later.
I was like, thanks for supporting it.
You think they're going to go match up the times?
My teammates really support my new show.
It wasn't a clip.
I just saw it.
I was like, oh my God, this is cringe.
I just retweeted it.
Holy cringe.
And then I realized afterwards,
oh, it wasn't a clip.
No, you quote tweeted it.
I quote tweeted it right and then afterwards
I was like oh fuck it wasn't live do you know how twitter
works I do I do
and then I realized do you I don't want to
do you based on all the replies do you
do you not based on all the replies
and people saying like what's
up your ass it was a great show and like people
basically saying like what's your issue
and why wouldn't you support your teammate
and you never addressed it, Ari.
Did you address it?
I mean, it's Twitter.
I don't owe Twitter an apology, but a few people did say, Ari, you were talking about Nate.
Because Nate was on at the time I quote tweeted.
That was the whole gist of it.
I apologize, Ryan, Kirk, and Dave.
Thank you, Ari.
You know what?
That's all I was looking for.
I meant no disrespect.
That's all I was looking for, Ari.
Ari hates NateA. hates Nate
It was 100 about what was on
At that exact moment
And I get it realized afterwards it was still live
So people will start later
I was talking about you guys
And 100 not what I meant
I say what I gotta say
I'm a big fan of you guys
I saw it and I was like Jesus Christ
I'm gonna support a teammate here
I saw it and I was fuming I'm just I'm like, support a teammate here. I saw it and I was fuming.
I'm like, I'm just going to wait until Chicklets.
I'm going to wait until Chicklets, this motherfucker,
chirping my new show.
And then I didn't want to delete it.
To be fair, I would say Barstool Nate
has probably been the biggest 180 for me
as far as quote unquote talent is concerned at Barstool.
He'll go at Dave just as hard as you will.
When we had that live event this summer
where we were, what was it, 20 years of Barstool,
celebrating it all, he was going right at Dave
with everything he'd written down, premeditated.
So that's the argument about Nate.
And now I've had not many dealings with Nate.
I think one time we went out to lunch with him
in New York years back. Apparently, when he's the spider monkey which is nate's i guess alter ego he's entertaining
he's going at people he'll say anything he doesn't necessarily know the line because if you watch the
unnamed show he basically called the guy a pedophile which is a probably a no-no considering
the guy's a teacher and he's not a pedophile. Probably a word you don't want to use these days.
So I don't necessarily think Nate knows the line.
That was a basis of part of the show.
But the argument is that when he's Nate, he's as boring as all boring can be.
So I think if he could be full-time spider monkey lunatic, that he could be very successful
as a content person but it's hard
to live your life on and miserable towards every human being you work with at every waking moment
so i don't know if he could be that guy always i mean but nonetheless he'll come at anyone
i would imagine he doesn't have a ton of friends at barstool based on his antics no no no i think
he'd be surprised i think a lot more people like Nate than you'd think.
Well, that's funny you say that, G, because nobody
really ends up sticking up for him
anywhere. So what kind of friends are that?
Maybe the type of friends that would call your new show
cringe.
Hey, I clarify,
boy. What did you do this weekend,
all right?
Friday night, I went down to see my buddy
Riz watch the hockey games.
Saturday, I stayed in.
I didn't feel so hot.
Stayed in all day.
Just fucking probably because of what happened Friday night.
Correct.
No, no, just no.
I went to the Super Bowl yesterday.
So it was like, yeah, have a couple of pops Friday.
Chill out Saturday.
And then Sunday, I went down to my local Knights of Columbus.
And we had some guests come over.
Coop and the boys, a couple of the coaches come by to watch the Super Bowl.
It was a pretty good time.
John Cooper and I don't know whose names they want out there or not,
but having a few of the coaches come by, watch the whole game.
They had a fucking ball, man.
It was like open bar, like fucking prime rib dinner, hot dogs at halftime.
They were like, all right, this is the best fucking time.
They had a fucking fantastic time.
The game was awesome, too, so watch the ball with Coop and the boys, and everybody had
a grand old time, so had a good weekend.
Can't complain. Get these scoops from the Lightning. What are
they saying about Sorgachev?
I don't even break...
It's like when you meet fucking an actor.
The last thing you want to do is talk about fucking...
Keep business out of the relationship.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They didn't fucking hit his head
about that, but dude, everybody was like,
wow, he's the best guy. Coop's just like, he's such a regular dude.
People are shocked how much of a nice guy he is.
But everyone had a fucking blast hanging out.
So it was a good time.
Biz, you missed the fucking end of the game, though.
How'd that happen?
Yeah, so I had a massage booked.
I went for a Thai massage.
Yeah, the Thai, same spot.
0 for 13.
It was good.
I needed one.
And I'm back on the road here for five weeks boys
i'm moving out of this apartment yeah i'm done wow yeah i moved everything over to my new place
which is you know still coming along probably about five five to six weeks away from being
completely finished at least from the the structural standpoint still got to do all the
landscaping but how's your current anger towards the guy building it or are you on good good terms
right well i mean it was supposed to be fully done middle of february and like now that i'm but how's your current anger towards the guy building it or are you on good good terms right
well i mean it was supposed to be fully done middle of february and like now that i'm going
for five weeks at least i could put my stuff in it and it's gonna i'll close the door it'll remain
clean in that in that room and you know he's got another five weeks to button it up so i'm sure i'm
gonna get back and it's still not gonna be done so at that point maybe i blow a gasket okay uh but uh yeah it's it's it's uh it's
in a decently healthy place i've done a good job of uh channeling my anger a lot of that's through
the time massage a lot of time massage and the zin blow jobs so after yeah zinskis uh the after
yeah right as the third quarter was ending i so i missed the rest of the game it seemed like a
great ending i was following along the box scores because I don't have the NFL.com
network or whatever to watch the games.
But, I mean, alright,
at the end of the game, what was it?
Was it just Mahomes taking over?
Yeah, him,
Kelsey stepped up. I mean, I have to
say, I think this is a top, what, top three
Super Bowl? Definitely top five.
Was it a top three Super Bowl?
I don't know.
I don't know.
All those Patriots wins on bias were maybe
probably better, but no, that was
right up there. Say top three, top five, doesn't
matter.
What's funny is through three quarters,
the game you saw, nothing really going on.
I disagree with G. I didn't
think the first quarter was boring at all. I thought
the special teams were amazing.
I thought they were making huge defensive plays.
Like every time there was a possession,
it seemed like something happened to completely change the momentum.
So it wasn't just like, oh, three and out, boring punt.
Yeah, there were probably a few of them.
But even like the special teams, like I said,
they were hemming guys in like within the 10-yard line to the goal line.
I think each team had a turnover in the first half.
The first three quarters reminded me a lot of L.A. Rams versus the New England Patriots a few years ago.
I think the final was like 13-7.
It was just a defensive special teams battle.
There wasn't much going on.
That doesn't really get me going.
I get why it gets some people going, but I like to see the tutties.
Even the one play Mahomes made, it was a really get me going. I get why it gets some people going, but I like to see the tutties. Like, even the one play Mahomes made, it was, what, a 50-yard play?
And then a few plays later, they end up fumbling.
And then Travis Kelsey goes over to the coach and starts bumping him
because he wasn't in the block.
So I thought it had plenty of action regardless of the score in the first half.
I didn't know if he was  I never even found out why he was...
So he was pissed.
He put him as a body to Andy Reid.
Right.
I think he was pissed because as a tight end,
and I don't know a ton about football.
I just kind of read online and scope through.
He's a tight end,
and tight ends typically are decent blockers.
I think he's more known for his receiving than blocking,
where maybe Gronk was a better blocker and receiver and best overall tight end. But I think that's more known for his receiving than blocking, where maybe Gronk was a better blocker and receiver
and best overall tight end.
But I think that he was frustrated because he'd been taken out
where he could have made the block,
which would have taken care of the guy who ended up coming over
and helping strip the ball out.
So that's kind of where his frustration, where he's like,
hey, last game of the year, baby.
I want to be in every fucking play.
And I got my billionaire girlfriend here watching, and I don't want to look like a loser on the bench okay well in terms of
the fumble by the chiefs so i was in a uh everyone knows about super bowl squares right you know you
get you get your numbers and end of the quarter end of the half you can win a bunch of money so
i was in one where you had new numbers for every quarter, okay?
And you were paid 1,000 a minute if you had the current score.
Oh, my God.
So my second quarter numbers was AFC 7, NFC 3, right?
So the 49ers are up 3-0. And as the first quarter's ending into the second quarter, KC's driving. KC's
driving. Mahomes has that play. They go all the way down to the 10. So now if KC scores and they
go up 7-3 as the second quarter. So the guy who had 0-0, he won 10 grand, 15 grand the first
quarter because every minute he got a grand. So as KC's going in, I'm like, dude, if they score 7-3,
every minute on the game clock, I'm getting 1,000 bucks.
And they frigging fumble.
I was crushed.
I was absolutely crushed.
But forget my bet and forget the Super Bowl squares.
An incredible game.
And when it came down to it, man, Patrick Mahomes is just something else. It's like Brady,
Jordan, Tiger Woods. It's just these guys, the bigger the moment, the better they play.
They're always going to come through in the clutch. Every time you doubt them, they end up...
I mean, the Chiefs weren't even that great of a team this year. They kind of struggled through
the regular season here and there. And then apparently their run to the Super Bowl, I guess based on advanced analytics and numbers,
was the hardest, most difficult run that you would have had to go through to get to and win the Super Bowl.
They beat Miami at home.
They went on the road against Buffalo.
They went on the road against Baltimore.
And then they beat the league's preseason top team and top team throughout the year in San Francisco.
So the guy is unstoppable.
And the thing is, I saw Big Cat talking about that when overtime happened and then San Fran
won the coin toss, he's saying that you should have declined and should have kicked off to
start overtime.
I don't understand where he's coming from on that because in the new NFL, it was
actually the first NFL playoff game since they changed the rule a few years ago in which every
team will get the ball, no matter if it's a touchdown or a field goal. So his thought is that
if you kick off, then you know what you need. You either just need a field goal if they get no
points. You need a field goal to tie or a touchdown to win. Basically, you'd know what you need to do.
But my think is if both teams go down and score, right?
Say San Fran, they got the ball.
They go down.
They got three.
Well, if KC comes down and they limit them to three, then next score wins the game.
So I don't know why you'd kick off, right?
Because if you're planning on both teams scoring, which could happen.
I didn't understand it either.
I would want the ball first.
I know.
He's saying it's not even a question.
So the old rule was if you got the ball first and you scored a touchdown, it was game over.
The old rule was even a field goal was game over.
And then they switched it to field goal.
The other team would get the ball, but touchdown, it's over.
And then they went to, all right, no matter what, the team will get the ball that kicked off,
no matter what happens on their defensive
stand. So basically you're
saying is what Dave and Big Cat were tweeting
about made no sense. Not to me.
I agree with you.
I guess the San Fran players didn't know the
rules. I guess there's some reports that they
didn't know the full overtime rules. Well, that's up to the
coach, who's another
interesting character in all this,
considering he was the offensive coordinator of Atlanta
when they blew the 28-3 lead to the Pats.
He was the head coach of San Fran when they were up 11 or whatever
in the fourth quarter and lost to KC.
And now he's blowing this game and they were up 10.
So this guy's obviously like a high-level offensive mind in football,
but the bigger the game, he's the opposite of Patrick Mahomes. He shrivels.
Dude, it looked like
it was Dunzo, Whit, for a little while there.
Sanford was shredding them on that last drive, and then they
stalled out with the field goal. Everyone thought it was going to be Dunzo.
Touchdown, fucking game, set, match.
But how much was that buy-in for that square pool
you just mentioned, Whit? If they were giving a fucking thousand dollars.
Wow.
And what's interesting is, though, I was lucky
enough because at the the drawing of
the numbers everyone wants zero zero because you're guaranteed at least a couple grand if
if for say two minutes they don't score in the first quarter well there was seven hundred dollars
left over and so they pulled the name to win their basically their entry feedback and i won that
so it was all it was all going to be gravy i I didn't lose any money on it. But in the end, I was this close before that early fumble by the Chiefs.
But an amazing game.
Entertaining.
You just knew, though.
You knew.
At least I did.
That Mahomes was getting that ball after they gave up the field goal.
And it was done so.
It's been a fun few weeks, man.
If they had a four-down stop.
Fourth and one. And obviously, Mah four-down stop, fourth and one.
And obviously, Mahomes gets the ball, gets a quick five yards.
Just an incredible athlete, and he's 28 years old, dude.
I don't think we're  this isn't even close to being over.
Yeah, I said a year or two ago,
if there's anyone who could break Brady's records, it's this guy right here.
And he's already got fucking three.
He's only 20 years old.
I think second youngest to already win this many Super Bowls.
And congratulations to Taylorlor swift as well two people are so fucking triggered by her being on tv like i don't really understand why i don't
get why it bugs people so much that she's involved with it exactly it's like if anything it's like
fucking more people watching the game if anything way more eyeballs way more people but hey gee i
we're talking about an unnamed show a few minutes ago. What's going on with Game Notes? A little switch
in the schedule there or what? Yeah. Game Notes is now moved to Fridays at 11 a.m. Just
you know, you don't want to go head to head with Dave Witt and Kirk. So yeah. So Game
Notes 11 a.m. every Friday moving forward can be found across all platforms. Yeah. So
it's it's we're going to go heavy into picks.
The boys are going to be giving out picks.
How about Merle's with the RPI lineup
for the other night?
He crushed it, huh?
He crushed it.
Fucking, it was like a...
All right, let me play that quick.
I'll play that video.
Matt Gurley, he's a front boy.
He's, you know, he's an RPI legend, right?
Played everywhere in the world.
And he's here to do the read.
All right, guys.
That's all for this morning.
If you get the win tonight, we'll be back next year for Chicklets University.
It's the biggest night of Troy for anything.
This is Big Red Freakout.
Go get it done.
We've got the best starting lineup to get us going.
Left wing, number 20.
There better be no tummy sticks out there.
Nathan Solder.
Center, number 17.
It's your last freakout.
You better be buzzing.
John Beaton.
Right wing, number nine.
He's already contacted the alumni that he hosts in the after party.
Ryan Brushett.
Left D, number 23, where is he?
You better be playing as good as your hair looks tonight.
Right D, number seven, his dad played so many NHL games, he's going to finance a new arena for his dad.
And then goal, number 34.
If this guy plays like he did last night,
I'm giving him an NIL Watson clubs deal.
Jack Watson.
Boys, we're back.
We're back in the gambling sphere.
We just signed a huge deal with DraftKings.
So now the guys have a place to give out their picks on a sportsbook. I mean, they have the Barstool Bets tab on the DraftKings sportsbook.
Merle's is going to be giving out tons of picks.
He's got the Merle's Minute, which will be...
I don't know if it's going to be daily, how often it's going to be,
but Merle's is going to be hammering picks.
And shout out to DraftKings. It's a huge, huge partnership.
And I mean, I think that was the first part, one of the first sports books Barstool ever
partnered up with. Yeah, it was 2014. It's a Boston-based company. They own the space.
And so I don't know if you saw, if any of you listeners saw on our Instagram and our Twitter,
I did a kind of video in terms of announcing, spitting chick up the DraftKings,
barstool with DraftKings.
And the read that I had for this,
it's not really an ad.
It was more, you know, an announcement.
It was long and there was a lot of different things.
Buddy, if we had a behind the scenes
of me trying to do this,
biz, it would have taken me five hours.
I ended up having to send over Jack and MB line by line.
I would do one sentence.
I sent him 15 different videos, and they had to mesh it all together.
It was the most pathetic experience I've ever had in my life.
I couldn't read.
I couldn't speak.
But it ended up coming out smooth with the wonders of, I guess, figuring it and putting it all together.
Editing?
Edits.
It was all about the editing.
Like the Sandbaggers, it's all about passion is editing. So thank you to those
guys who helped me out on that.
How about the first contest, though, they're doing tonight?
They got to make 41 free throws
in a row. Big Cat,
Prez, Jersey Jerry.
Well, it's kind of like with Jersey Jerry, what they did with the
simulator and getting the hole in one, where this is
the new activity. But because it's DraftKings
they're going to allow this type of stuff. I think the
prize pool of guessing how it's all going to play
out like fans can submit
DraftKings bets by like guessing
how it's going to transpire based on time
or whatever and I think that they're giving away
at least a hundred grand in prizes if not
every winner gets a hundred
grand so pretty cool stuff they're doing
and shout out to DraftKings.
And we're back in the gambling space, boys.
Woo-wee.
Dude, there's no way they're going to hit 41 in a row, Biz.
There's no way.
I don't know.
75 mulligans.
But they can only use a mulligan once per each turn where they're trying to get 41.
Okay.
So this could be another Jersey Jerry type experience
in terms of 36 hours.
All right, if you can hit
five in a row,
I think they can hit
41 in a row.
I'm not too worried.
Collectively.
What up, guys?
It's Witt,
and it's DraftKings time.
We are so excited
to be a partner of DraftKings.
We're back in the gambling space,
and thanks to DraftKings,
we're here with a vengeance.
And we are so excited to announce this partnership with DraftKings Sportsbook.
DraftKings will be our one-stop shop for all things betting.
This week, new customers who deposit 5 or more can get a no-sweat bet up to 1,000 on any sport.
What's a no-sweat bet?
It's just like getting a rebound.
You miss your first shot, you get another chance
to score with a bonus bet back.
You can also follow what all of
your favorite Barstool personalities are
betting on by joining the Barstool betting
group on DraftKings Sportsbook app.
Download the DraftKings Sportsbook
app now and use code CHICKLETS
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
New customers can get a no sweat
bet up to 1,000 if your first bet loses.
Only on DraftKings Sportsbook with code CHICKLETS.
The crown is yours.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit www.1800gambler.net.
In New York, call 877-8-HOPE-NY or text HOPE-NY 467-369.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 plus age varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
One no-sweat bet per new customer.
Issued as one bonus bet equal to amount of initial losing bet
and expires 168 hours after issuance.
See DKNG.com slash promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions,
terms and responsible gaming resources.
Gee, I got to go back to Toronto.
I feel like last week off heads was still in the clouds a little bit.
Stories come to you a couple of days later.
Is the memes guy available? Yeah. So guys, we wanted to get chicklets memes on last week, heads were still in the clouds a little bit. Stories come to you a couple days later. Is the memes guy available or what?
Yeah, so guys, we wanted to get Chicklets memes on last week,
but he wasn't able to do it live
because he thought we were still recording at Gretzky's basement
because his head was up his ass
because he was probably still in party mode
because he was playing tummy sticks with Tate McRae.
And we didn't really get the full story
of how you ended up meeting her at Paris, Texas,
is the name of the club. So we meeting her at Paris, Texas is the name
of the club.
So we got Dale Morningstar, a.k.a. Chicklets Memes on.
A.k.a. Danica's brother.
A.k.a.
Yes.
Yes.
So we're going to talk about your...
Where do you want to start, Memesy?
Do you want to talk about the Red Wings?
Do you want to talk about your hot sister?
Are you adopted?
Like, how does this work?
Best friends with Will Arnett?
I mean...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you living in LA now? Going to Hollywood
next week? Yeah. I'm basically
on the Epstein list.
Oh, Jesus Christ. Here we go.
Here we go.
Holy shit, memes. Memes, you can't come in that
hot, buddy. Yeah.
So, let's talk about
Danica. Yeah. So,
Yance goes, what happened to you? And I was like,
how did I come out even hotter?
We left that part out.
Dale, we got to ask you,
what was the movie you were pitching to Will during dinner that night?
You had him in absolute stitches.
Yeah, it's Jason Bajorn.
It's basically like MacGruber, but it's Jason Bourne.
So there's like, I don't know the names of the movies,
but there's a trilogy.
So we got three movies to work with.
Okay, what's the premise?
It's a plot, yeah.
It's just Jason Bourne by MacGruber style.
Where it's like a parody where he's like.
Folks, this is Beams in a nutshell right now.
I mean, why don't you explain the scene that you explained to Will Arnett
in terms of the swimming aspect of this movie?
Yeah, so there's one scene where Bourne jumps out, like in the original Bournes.
He jumps off like a cliff, like goes underwater, swims away.
But in Bajoran, he just like pop out.
He's like swimming, but he's not going anywhere.
And then like the cops just arrest him.
They're like, all right, I'm sure.
We got you.
There's not much of a script.
It's pretty much like all on the name.
Well, that's important when you're pitching, you know, a movie idea.
It's like, they don't want to do all the work.
And if that's what you described to him, I can understand why he said,
that's the worst idea I've ever heard.
But then also agreed to...
Did you
pitch it exactly how you just did?
Did you pitch it exactly how you just did?
Maybe. I can't
remember. It's like a blur.
I was like, I blacked out
after that dinner. I was like, what just happened?
Didn't he say, your name is
Dale Morningstar. I want to make this movie
about you making this movie. Didn't he want to make this movie about you making this movie
Didn't he want to make a movie about you making the movie?
Yeah, that's why I'm saying the script doesn't matter
It's more about me pitching the script
Fucking Werner Herzog shit
And you're so scripted, I'm pitching
There's no other scene that you let him know about
Other than him not getting out of the water
How did he end up there in the first place?
Why is there a boat scene?
You got to give me a little more,
a little more context.
I got nothing else.
I just got my screen rate.
Like you're telling me you'd thought of this,
you know, months ago and,
and you're like,
this is genius.
And then you just had will our net in front of you.
You decided to pitch it there or something.
No,
the empty matters.
They,
they were at a,
for the chicklets cup and me and Art,
we were having like drinks with them
and they said they do like movie films,
like scripts.
And I was like,
I got one for you
and I pitched Bajoran again,
but there's no script.
And then that night
they went back to their hotel room
and like made like a three page script.
And then they sent it to me and Art.
So people are interested in the script. And then they said, we're stuck at three pages.
People are interested in the script.
I think they're very nice guys and they were probably just being very kind.
And then they probably had chat GPT,
write the script for them and then handed it back to you to maybe give you a
little bit more incentive to do some actual fucking work,
like write a script.
That would be my assumption.
Maybe to just give you a
little pat on the ass uh as far as will arnett have you talked to him since you have left uh
the all-star game are you guys text buddies how's this i haven't i didn't even get his number he
dicked away quick okay and then we just came on for the live show uh right when he was leaving
uh army and merles were like walking out for the game note
so i had to go and like film them and uh he was like just talking to me and i was like oh dude i
gotta go film them went and filmed them for the walkout and then when uh i came back he was gone
and that was he might have left on purpose as you were kind of preoccupied. He's like, this is my time to get out of here.
So back to Paris, Texas, the place I was in for about 17 minutes
because of how packed it was.
How did you meet Tate McRae?
What was that interaction like?
If it was similar to the Jason Bajoran pitch, I might throw up right now.
And we might cut it from the pod.
Now, also from my understanding, she was there with a boyfriend
or a date? She was there with Kid
Leroy, who's like one of the most famous
guys in the world. And the crazy part was...
In the world, G?
Yeah, without a doubt.
What the fuck are you smoking? I've never even heard of him.
Who the fuck is Kid Leroy?
I would say Kid Leroy is one of the biggest musicians
in the world right now. Okay, you said one of the
most famous people in the world. And then also the biggest musicians where the world right now. Okay, you said one of the most famous people in the world.
And then also the biggest musician where I've also never heard of him.
Semantics.
But the crazy part was is we had a table,
and at one point we look over,
and Memesy has Kate McRae on our table.
And we're like, what the fuck?
How did Dale get her over here?
So, Memesy, why don't you tell how it all happened?
Is she a bottle rat, Dale? dale no she didn't even accept drinks like i was like do you guys want to drink
and she's like uh no like she's probably like uh maybe someone that didn't look like you offered
yeah you're met you're stirring it with your finger she's probably like nah i'm good yeah
he did like i went and ripped it and then came out of the bathroom and like as i'm coming out
there's like some guy and he's like memes i love you you're the man could i get a picture
so he made a second i was like yeah sure like took a picture and then he's like looking at his phone
and he's like dude that's kate mccree right beside you and then i was just like oh fuck that's like
jay like what's up like uh I heard you coming on the pod.
She's like, yeah, for sure.
It was literally like five seconds.
She was walking up towards our table.
I was like, yo, this is our table.
Do you want a drink?
She's like, no.
It was pretty much nothing.
That was just... Memes, I got a question for you.
As a guy who I've long pumped his tires, you're crushing our social media.
The memes page is excellent.
All your posts on Twitter.
How do you not have internet that works?
Yeah, you and the Northwest Territories.
Is internet not working?
I mean it's working as well as G saying Kid Leroy is the most famous person in the world.
I have 1,500 gig.
I have the best Rogers internet you can get.
It's either Rogers or Dell.
Yeah, ever since Riley's suspension, they fucking kicked it down a few notches to pay for his fine, to pay for his up-and-coming fine.
So you're fucked.
Maybe jump on Final or something.
I have the best internet I can buy.
Okay, a few more things we got to ask you about.
The Detroit Red Wings.
Give us a little synopsis on how you feel the season's going.
That's your team.
Are you even watching?
At the start of the year, we remember when we did all the picks,
and I was like, oh, yeah, it's not going to go in.
It's because you guys were pumping up all the other teams,
and I was like, oh, fuck.
Wings aren't going to go in. It's because you guys were like pumping up all the other teams. And then I was like, Oh fuck. Like wings aren't going to make it.
And if these guys are all like,
uh,
all these are doing well.
Cause our picks are so bad.
Cause you're awesome at that.
Yeah.
I think they're going to sneak in.
Why do you have any,
cause it's,
it's Steve.
Eyes have been like,
he has like all the,
it's been like three years of them,
like being like rookies kind of,
and now they're finally getting into like the sophomore years, I guess.
And they're just like a solid team up and down.
Third year's junior, but that's okay.
It's not like Lee's where they're like top heavy.
They got Big D at the back.
Okay.
What do you think of  are you a fan or are you not loving the gritty
that Wallman does when he scores big goals, including the opening winner?
Yeah, that's kind of tough.
Oh, really?
I thought you'd be down with that.
I thought you'd be down with that.
It's hard.
I don't mind it, but I personally wouldn't be doing the gritty.
No, you'd read the referee a movie script you have that has no script.
It's called Bjorn on the 4th of July.
All right, memes.
Well, memes.
Do you have any else for Skype, Biz?
No.
I was going to ask you, were you aware that there was a guy who showed up to the event at King Taps on the Friday
who was trying to DJ our event, who was never hired to DJ the event?
And he then,
no,
you don't have,
you don't have any idea about that.
Okay.
So you're just,
you're just there following us around for the party.
I can give you some background on that if you want.
Okay.
That,
that does it buddy.
So Tate McRae did confirm she's coming on the pod.
You probably didn't get her number either.
So I don't know how we're going to get her on here.
So I don't know this, This little summary was pretty much useless.
Good job, Memesie.
Great job, Memesie. Keep crushing social, buddy.
We love you. Great breakdown of the wings.
Sick internet, Memes.
Gee,
who is it? Buddy Joe?
Who DMed Jeff?
DJ Joe thought he was hired. What was the deal here?
Yeah, we call him DJ Joe is what we're calling him,
just based after GM Joe.
And yeah, so the Barstool crew that was at the King Taps event,
we got a call, Jeff Jacobson in particular,
and he's getting a call and they're like,
hey, the DJ's here that you hired.
Jeff's like, I didn't hire a fucking DJ.
And so then he gets a DM from the kid and the kid's like,
to DM Jeff Jacobson,
like it's tough to find this guy's Instagram. It's not easy. So he DMs Jeff on Instagram and he says,
hey, can you call me right now? And he's like, no. Did you just say that I hired you to DJ at the event tonight? And the kid's like, yes. Jeff's like, absolutely not. I'm not hiring you.
You're not hired.
Like, it doesn't work like that.
So, yeah.
So, basically, we have another GM Joe, a kid trying to DJ the event at King Taps and threw Jeff Jacobson's name around, then tried to DM, trying to slide in the back door.
And it just didn't work out.
Well, there you go.
Fucking scam eyes.
There you go.
We got a lot of slimy people showing up to our
events dj schmo was he that was he possibly the one getting the wheels beat off him by the bouncers
no he was no no different guy i saw the guy's picture he wasn't i would i would be interested
to hear um maybe a little 45 snippet would like a big booty mix version of what this dj can provide
and if he sends it our way, maybe moving
forward I would consider letting him DJ
for free at one of our events, but
you can't just show up
unsolicited, guys, and be working for
us. That's not how it works. Maybe we
got to stop talking about it so people
stop doing it. So this is the second
incident, so enough of that
if you're listening.
Gee, Saturday night, I think i told you i was
uh at a house party and a dude comes up to me he's like hey you should have my dad on the podcast i
was like oh who is he's like steve simmons it was legit his son i was like really like steve simmons
100 it was it was legit his kid he's like i go for real he goes 100 he was like laughing i think
you know i think he knows like i stance on him whatever he goes no you should definitely get him on i will shit myself he like that his own son i would get
steve simmons on if we also got specter and then they went after after one another on who has a
better team the leafs or oilers but everybody reads spec everybody uh biz any any like random
thoughts that you thought of a couple days later after Toronto? Or did you get it all last week? No, just to summarize, it was one of the best experiences I've ever had with the Chicklets crew.
It might be number one.
It was so fun.
It was just incredible energy.
And I think it would be safe to say that it's the most lively and energetic I've seen the city since pre-COVID.
And COVID kind of took a big chunk out of canada's spirit i think
it went on a little bit too long as far as the lockdowns and everything i think it fucked a lot
of people's heads and it seems like canada is is back up and running and everybody has their their
energy and uh and spunk back from from all the bullshit so it was awesome it was a great time
and i won't forget it and thank you everybody who made it a special event.
There was a little spunk taken out of the city of Toronto on Saturday night though, Biz.
In Ottawa, in which Morgan Riley
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Let's get to it.
Dive in.
Major fireworks at the end of the game.
Battle of Ontario.
Ridley Gregg slapshot into the empty net
to make it 5-3. Puts a fucking bow on it. Then Morgan Riley of the game. Battle of Ontario. What's his name? Ridley Gregg. Slapshot into the empty net to make it 5-3.
Puts a fucking bow on it.
Then Morgan Riley, of all people.
He's got eight penalty minutes all season.
Fucking creams him.
Crosscheck right to the head.
He goes down.
Big melee afterwards.
He's going to have a hearing.
In-person hearing.
He has the option.
So he might get six games or more for this.
Sheldon Keefe, after the game, said his reaction was appropriate.
Miz, was it appropriate over the top?
Did everybody do what they were supposed to do or what?
I mean, so it's the Battle of Ontario, right?
So regardless of the playoff situation that Ottawa's in,
every time these two teams meet, there's fireworks, right?
They're incredible games.
People are fired up for them.
At the end of the game, to do that on an empty netter,
yeah, it's a big fuck you. We beat you, get the end of the game to do that on an empty netter yeah it's a big fuck you
we beat you get the fuck out of our building and rightfully so you've earned the two points
do i like morgan riley's reaction of maybe going up to him and and you know kind of shoving him
and then squaring off and dropping the gloves absolutely a cross check to the neck head area it's overkill and we've we often talk about
this so Morgan Riley's playing probably on average 25 minutes a night so it's at the end of the game
he's out there with the goalie pulled he has to he ends up doing the back check where he's already
gassed when you have limited amount of oxygen going to your brain. Sometimes you make some bonehead decisions and I,
I like where his head was at in a sense of going up to who and challenging
him,
but you just got to keep your stick down and that's not how you handle the
business.
Like I don't understand why you just wouldn't go shove him and try to square
off and,
or even,
even to drop your one glove and keep your right glove on and then fucking
bop them in the head with your glove in a punch.
And now Toronto's back end is already a little bit thin.
And this is a guy who's almost at a point a game as a defenseman.
He hits so many.
I mean, he hits every area of their back end.
He plays power play.
He plays penalty kill.
He'll block shots.
He'll stick up for teammates.
As I just mentioned, he's averaging about, I think there's only one game this year he's played below 20 minutes.
So how do you fill that spot?
And if we're going back to last year, if you're the Toronto Maple Leafs, fuck, hey, take the six game break.
Take the eight game break.
I don't know how much it's going to be, but because it was an in-person hearing that he was offered we're talking minimum above five games right that's the rule they don't have to
but but they can now they can they can go over five now yeah but they don't have to yeah and
i feel like they've been fairly lenient on this type of stuff like all the the aggressive stuff
this year the probably only other example i have of it is Perron going after Zub in Ottawa
when that incident happened
where Larkin got hit by Joseph.
And the precedent is there.
So, like I said, going back to last year
with the playoff position that they were already in,
getting Morgan Riley, the rest,
wouldn't have been a bad thing.
This year, they're fighting.
They're in a wild card right now
and they got teams nipping at their heels i mean the islanders are going to start making a move
here they've been playing great hockey they're fucking out shooting they're getting 40 shots
some games now they look like a totally different team so you know the winds are going to start
rolling in means he just came on and gave us a wonderful breakdown of what the what the what the
detroit red wings got going on they might be nipping at their heels for that playoff spot.
So, guys, there is a strong possibility
if that doesn't galvanize the group in Toronto
and make everybody look themselves in the mirror and say,
hey, we need to fucking pick up our slacks here.
We're going to have this stud on the back end out
about six, seven games now.
And they could be on the outside looking in, guys,
and it's tough news in toronto
but this is also not a terrible thing i talk about facing adversity at the right times in the season
and getting through it this is this is this next 10 game block is going to tell me everything i
need to know about the toronto maple leafs so hopefully nylander can get back to his ways of
before he signed that deal he has been a little bit better as of late stumbled out of the gates
after signing that big ticket,
but the core four, you fucking better be activated up front
because if you're not, it's doomsday for Toronto,
and it's going to be a fucking media circus
if they miss playoffs.
If they miss playoffs, Keith's gone.
I would assume everybody in management
gets a pass until next year,
but yeah, it's not looking good.
What did you make of it all, Whit?
So, obviously, two sides to this.
That was a wonderful breakdown.
Very similar to memes is Detroit description.
But if you go back to Marchand with what Leafs fan called
the slew foot against Lilgren in Boston,
the reaction was horrible, right?
We had Bertuzzi laughing on the bench.
We had no one do a thing to Marchand.
It was just the typical old Leafs, as everyone called them,
doing nothing, not caring, and just letting things slide by.
Well, this was the exact opposite.
And for people who aren't aware, putting in the empty netter goal
the way Ridley Gregg did, that is a giant fuck you.
That is an unwritten rule of terms of like,
we are just shoving this right in your face.
Now, mind you.
It's basically saying suck my dick with a Zen pouch on your top lip.
That's what it's telling you.
Mind you, Ottawa played Toronto four times this year.
They beat them three, all in regulation.
They scored 18 goals in the four
games and Ottawa sucks. I mean, this is a legit bottom five team in the NHL. So right there, boom,
we just dummied you for the season series. We worked you at home on a Saturday night. Tavares
has not scored a five on five goal in 25 games now. Boom. If you want to celebrate an empty net
goal like that, you're more than welcome to,
but it is a giant fuck you. It's a slap in the face. And the fact that Riley did something after
the Lilgren incident when nothing happened, that is a good thing for the Leafs. That is Morgan
Riley showing that he cares, which I think Leafs fans complain about a little bit. Where's the
passion? Where's the ability for you to prove to us that you care and you're pissed off?
Well, he showed it.
And, Biz, you said it best.
All he had to do was just go punch him in the face, glove on, glove off,
push him into the dasher.
But when you go to the cross check to the melon, right away I thought Perron on Zoop.
And that's why I think he'll get six games.
Now, what's funny is Leafs
fans are under the impression that the Department of Player Safety is out to get them. They think
that they want to make it clear, and Paros wants to make it clear that they're not giving preferential
treatment to Toronto, so he goes overboard a little bit. I think after you saw what Perron did,
this is basically the same exact thing, right? Would you not say
it's a crosscheck to the face that while in players terms may be warranted in terms of the
league and the player safety office, it's not warranted. Like the guy scored an empty net goal.
They don't care how he did it. That's not part of them looking at the rules of suspension.
They look at a crosscheck to the face in terms of while a guy's celebrating a goal,
if he had done it any other way, it would have been awesome. And even Sheldon Keefe,
he's backing his player. He says it was appropriate. Fuck that. That's bullshit doing
that. But now you lose this guy for probably six games. I would guess it'll be six games.
And I don't even necessarily think that Perron should have got six games. I think if Perron got
four and Riley got four, I'm fine with that. If they go over six and over Perron's, then Leafs fans have a reason to explode
and to be melting down online in terms of the punishment towards the Leafs.
There was actually a play in the COVID bubble. It was 2021, March of 2021, at the end of an
Edmonton-Toronto game. Chason from Edmonton, went up to Vesey, Jimmy Vesey,
while he was still on the Leafs.
They're drawing at each other and cross-checks him in the face.
He only got one game.
So that's something that Leafs fans are talking about.
They're going back to that clip and being able to say,
this is what happens when you do it to a Leaf.
You get way less games.
Well, I don't know, man.
Times have changed, and the Perron suspension,
it set the precedent for what's going on this year
when you talk about stick work to the face,
and I think he's going to end up getting six games,
and it sucks for the Leafs, man.
They can't afford to lose this guy.
This guy, like you said, Biz, he does it all.
He's playing fantastic hockey, and now you got,
I mean, the decor right now is just, I mean,
you got to hope Lilligren steps up with Brody and then you can keep McCabe and Benoit.
They don't move the puck great.
I don't know if you saw like the turnover Benoit had against the Dallas Stars last week.
Well, I don't want him handling the puck.
I know, but that's the problem.
McCabe doesn't handle it well either.
And that's a pairing, the second pairing right now.
So they got a lot of issues in terms of getting, you need star forwards, need the puck with speed,
tape to tape.
That's why I was able to play a couple years in Pittsburgh.
There was one thing I could do.
Hey, that's why fucking Edmonton's thriving right now, right?
Yeah.
You read the Stoffer tweet.
When you got guys who are meat and potatoes,
it's like, well, we know they're going up the wall.
We know they're not transitioning their forwards
up the middle, snapping it through the seams.
So they seem to be a one-trick pony when they don't have Morgan Riley on the ice.
And this isn't a shot at Giordano either.
The fact that he's even still playing is remarkable.
But I think that in any type of team that wants to make a run,
he's like a 6-7, where maybe in some games he's getting rest and not in the lineup.
In this case, they're going to need him down this little stretch here without morgan riley but i think that when you
got him at about 15 minutes a game as your sixth guy is is right right where you want him so i i
don't know man rumor why don't we jump into the rumor boys i i keep hearing hannifin's name popping
up yeah let's go over to G. You got the rumor boy.
Rumor boy number two.
I've heard a few things
on Noah Hannafin.
I'll give you three teams.
I've heard the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I've heard the Tampa Bay Lightning.
And I've heard the New Jersey Devils.
And I've heard the New Jersey Devils
are very close on Markstrom
as well right now.
So maybe there's a
Hannafin-Markstrom deal coming.
Elliot was talking about that.
But he said that there was a lot of talks going on
on Saturday night and Hockey Night in Canada,
and he said it's kind of sizzled off a little bit.
Markstrom being the big piece, I imagine, with Hannafin,
that would be a blockbuster deal.
Markstrom's been incredible this year.
He's been outstanding.
And Hannafin is, Hannafin, I would say,
right with Gensel in terms of the top guy at the deadline that a team would want, right?
I think it's a no-brainer for, well, because Markstrom's got a no move, right?
So he has to waive that.
And he doesn't like to be bothered in the midst of the season as well, is something that Elliott said.
So unless it's something very serious, they wouldn't have brought it to him.
I mean, I would tell you this.
If you get Markstrom and Hannafin through New Jersey and they get healthy and a few of their guys who have gotten these contracts who aren't playing up to snuff end up picking up a little bit, that's a team in a wild card situation that could go on to win a Stanley Cup.
They have some fucking guys up front who can motor.
And even their back end is pretty  is it Nemec?
Yeah, he's sick.
He's incredible.
If you look at all of his underlying numbers,
he's even been more impressive since he's been called up
than what Luke Hughes is bringing.
And even he's been tremendous.
So that would be huge.
I mean, we had that Wednesday broadcast,
and I don't know if it's time to shift it over to that whole broadcast
and what happened in that New York Rangers-Tampa Bay game.
Sergeyev, who had missed 17 games,
had worked his balls off to come back.
And if you watch Tampa Bay guys,
some people might even say he's more valuable than Hedman
when he's fully healthy and going.
Just maybe with how Hedman slowed down a little bit
based on his age.
Hey, is he still a top top 20 30 defenseman in the
league absolutely but surga chev is a fucking specimen so he works hard to come back and in
his first game back man he takes a reverse hit from lafreniere and we didn't show the opposite
angle more than one time we showed it once i couldn't watch it it looked like a nothing burger
from the the angle that
they normally show on the broadcast and which is like you know like up top on the concourse looking
towards the benches but man sometimes when the blades get caught and you're going down it'll
twist your leg and ankle one way and your body's going another the minute you saw it you knew that
something was broken and apparently now it's it's two different bones that were broken in his ankle i think it would need a prayer and maybe aaron rogers mindset to maybe
be ready for fucking playoffs but now he's probably done for the year and if you're tampa bay who's
i mean that core is so valuable to them because they don't really have the the the depth in which
they did in the past unless they're able to pull a rabbit out of their house a rabbit out of their ass at the deadline
but just a ridiculous loss for them where i don't see them being able to compete for a stanley cup
unless they find a way to replace them and hannifin would be the only answer out there
that would be available yeah that's uh that that's a monster deal though i don't know what they have
to give up now the problem is too about you talk about the core and you talk about what's going on in Tampa. Stammer's a UFA, and they've made it very clear he's not going anywhere, but you don't know what's going to makes sense to somehow do whatever you can to get Hannafin,
thinking that if we get in with Vasilevsky and Hannafin replacing Serge Sergeyev, we could still go on this run.
It just it was so brutal to see. And it's one thing to see that.
And then it's the other thing to be your first game back from 17 games, man. It's like, Circa Chef's Instagram post was probably the most honest,
like, revealing Instagram post
I've ever seen an athlete make.
Do you guys want me to read it?
I'd love to hear it.
So if anyone hasn't seen this,
I'm sure most people listening
have seen this
considering it was a few days back,
but he posts a picture of himself
getting stretchered off the ice.
He's got his head in his hands.
He's just disgusted.
He says, oh, man, why me?
Why now?
After all the games missed, coming back and getting injured again.
Feels unfair.
Feels terrible.
Trying to stay calm and positive, but it's impossible.
After doing everything right, I get this.
The universe is unpredictable, I guess, and has its own plans.
But fuck the universe, man.
I know I'll come back
stronger and i know i'll play better than before but it's tough right now and it's gonna be tough
tomorrow we all fight our own battles and this is mine i'll win always do pain meds are good
though i'm assuming he had some ripping when he was writing this post if i was in this forest by
myself i'd be dead crazy isn't it wanted to write how i feel here don't know why but
just wanted to let people that care about me know i appreciate all your messages thanks to the
medical staff i mean he must have been on ra stuff if he's telling the universe to fuck off
they print their shirts i kind of like that saying fuck the universe
that's tough karma right there not for him but for if we were going to make shirts,
fuck the universe.
I ain't wearing that one.
I think Taylor Swift would wear it,
given all the carbon emissions she's putting off
with those private jets.
It was absolutely gut-wrenching.
Yeah, he broke his tibia and fibula.
They haven't given a time to him yet.
Probably Delphi, he'll be back.
But I thought in that hot-breaking moment,
I thought it was really nice how the Rangers
were out there and Lafreniere went over he didn't just give
him a stick tap he had some words with him it was just
amongst this awful scene like
it was kind of nice just to see like these guys forget their
opponents and their peers and they're all on the
same fucking team at the end of the day the same
you know what I mean it was just kind of like
like a hot woman scene amongst the heart breaking scene
there was nothing involved that was dirty it was a nice reverse
hit and it was just awful, awful luck,
as he mentioned.
And it just sucks to see a guy that's that important,
that fun to watch go down in horrific fashion.
I mean, buddy, you guys are mentioning back in playoffs.
There isn't a chance in hell.
That's like probably a six-month injury.
I know.
That's why I said if he has the Aaron Rodgers mindset
and the hyperbaric chambers and all that and all the other stuff,
the dark room.
Special mess.
But, R.A., going back to your point about that, obviously great to see.
And for somebody who had to put that mask on every game where you're running around and you're trying to
you're almost trying to fabricate hate for each individual out there.
And when something like that happens, even if it's the other team,
that whole guard just drops.
It's gut-wrenching for everybody involved on the ice,
and usually the rest of the game is just everybody just,
hey, heads up, I'm coming in for a hit.
Nobody wants to touch anybody just based on what they've seen.
It was ugly, and it took all the energy right out of the building.
Good thing, though, we had Chelly in studio who brought the energy that night.
Oh, my God.
Did you hear that story he told about when he was up first?
So should we roll?
Oh, I guess we can't roll them.
We got to tell it ourselves.
So it was that series way back when, when Detroit had gotten the first overall seed
and Vancouver got the eighth seed.
And they were up 2-0 in the series.
And it went back to Vancouver.
And Cloutier
ended up leaving in that uh letting in that goal from center ice that lidstrom shot and telly even
described he said we were watching the post game uh scrum and the minute they saw cloutier get asked
that question and his answer they're like motherfucker we got this series and then they
ended up coming back i think they ended up, rattling off four straight and winning in six, right?
Yep.
And in the whole series,
Chelios was just getting the boo birds.
I don't think he mentioned on whether it was
he delivered like a dirty hit or hit someone.
It just, they seem to have this organic hate for Chelios
every time he touched the puck.
So they make the mistake in game six.
He was unbelievable.
Four assists.
He gets the first star.
So you know how you come out for the little lap and you wave quickly
and then you're back down the tunnel?
Well, Chely says, oh, you want to fucking boo me all series?
Well, we're sending you guys packing.
So he does this huge lap and he's just waving to the crowd
like he just won the tiara.
What's the?
Miss America?
Yeah, Miss America. And even when he got back on the bench before he just won uh won the tiara what do you what's the miss america yeah miss america
and even when he got back on the bench before he got get on the tunnel he gets both hands going big
double barrel fuck you to the vancouver crowd so he told that story i thought it was incredible
along with it with a few others did you get a chance to uh to watch it ra oh yeah i had the
game on that night dude like i'm psyched that he's there because ESPN it's like it's just not the
same when you guys fucking crush it on there like
he's more unfiltered and Chelios I feel
once he gets a little more comfortable he'll fucking share a few
more stories like that a little off the beat
and pass stuff he's he's hilarious I
wonder if he remembers that the night fucking in
08 like he's the dude who had the security
guys back when they threw me out of the locker room that second
time I don't know if he remembers that dude
they like guy chucked me with a threshold.
I turned around.
I was like, all right, I'm leaving.
And Chaleos was, like, getting his back.
He thought probably someone was, like, crashing the locker room or whatever.
Like, I bet you were before.
Yeah, you were.
Yeah, I was a little bit.
But it was just hilarious.
He thought somebody was crashing the locker room.
Well, dude, that night, it's kind of like it was kind of weird cosmic energy.
Obviously, you were in the other locker room.
I was there. Babcock was the coach. obviously you were the other locker room I was there
Babcock was the coach
he walked in the room
and I was like
hey congrats coach
he's like oh thank you
like didn't know
I wasn't supposed to be there
then Chelios comes in
to get the security guys back
it's just kind of
all this like
chicklet shit
happened before
chicklets was even a thing
way back in the day
I know it was a tough night
for you buddy
but it's just kind of weird
though like you know
Babcock, Chelios
all this fucking
craziness that went on
R.A. I feel like there's nothing in the world you love bringing up more that you were
in the opposite locker room as wit when he lost the stanley cup i feel like it gets brought up
once a week no which makes me think that that cringe tweet wasn't towards no and it was actually
towards wit dog i'm a man of my word i stand up i back I say. I would have fucking said if I was calling him cringe,
but I don't do a weekly G, but I do once in a while.
Moving on.
Moving on.
One of my most heartbreaking moments in life,
the other one being the 2010 Olympics.
Jonathan Quick, guys, is I don't care what Panarin done.
I think he's the MVP of the Rangers so far.
And if they didn't have him,
and they didn't have him carrying this team through January and February,
and basically all season the way Shesterkins played,
they don't sit in the position they do right now.
Now, I look to him and I look to that signing and everyone being like,
oh, a possible future Hall of Famer,
going back to his favorite team growing up.
He's going to be the backup.
He's not going to play much.
Cool story.
This guy has been light out, playing incredible.
Now, I don't know if he could continue to do it throughout the rest of the season
and into the playoffs at his age and what he's been through.
But without him, I don't even know if they sit in the top three in the Atlantic right now. I mean, the Metro, I know it sounds crazy considering they're
right up at the top, but he's been so good that you're able to overlook what's considered the
best goalie, or if not the top three goalies in the league, having just a horrific season so far.
So if you look to the Rangers and all their fans and wondering what's going on with Shusterkin,
thankfully, they have this guy that's kind of going to allow him to hopefully play through and figure out
what's going on and be able to come out on the other side better and be ready for a playoff run.
So Jonathan Quick signing with them as a nothing burger story around free agency has turned into
just a masterful move by Chris Drury. So that's incredible to see. The other story that's kind of broken the news in
terms of the Rangers is this clown owner of theirs, James Dolan, who despises us, who despises
Barstool Sports, who owns the sphere, apparently not allowing Drury to include the first round pick
the Rangers have in this summer's draft in possibly getting Lindholm to the Rangers because he wants
his first round pick at the sphere. Now, this is rumor boy.
Is this rumor boy?
I've seen it enough where it's not just us being rumor boys.
Maybe it's everyone being rumor boys on this,
but it's been out there in terms of him saying this.
Maybe it was proven to be not true,
and if that's the case, I apologize.
Well, this sphere, sphere, sphere, how do you say it?
Sphere?
Oh, this one owns you.
Schvere?
Schvere?
Schvere.
Schvere.
It was over budget, cost over a billion dollars to make.
I think it was actually close to two billion.
So you're saying he wants the attention and Rangers fans to be tuning in for a first round draft pick?
That would probably be like the 26th pick or whatever.
As opposed to maybe picking up Limholm.
Listen, that guy, he can't be that stupid.
There's no way he's that stupid.
He's a dumb, dumb motherfucker, this guy.
That's why I'm hashtagging rumor boy,
and it's probably not pretty true.
Darren Drager reported it.
Darren Drager reported it.
He's pretty legit.
Darren Drager is very legit.
He's also one that reported there was a chance
that Crosby was going to end up in Colorado with Nate McKinnon, which I hopped on board.
And then I looked like an idiot.
So like everything, I'm going to hop on this and I'm going to agree with Darren Drager that Dolan is a bit of a goof.
And he probably did this just to sell a few extra tickets to you two and watch his 26th overall pick turn into nothing, just
like most of their first round picks do.
Well, he does have eye recognition
fucking technology in
his build at the MSG, so if people he doesn't
like come into the build, he gets them thrown out.
Literally, he had lawyers
that he had a beef with before. They went to
a Knicks game, and they have that facial
recognition shit. They found, they recognized
these people. He had them thrown out They recognize these people. I bet you
they would do that to Biz. I guarantee
it. I've talked to his son before.
They know who you are, Biz. They don't like
you. I'm telling you, if you walk into
MSG, I bet you they boot you out in a second.
I actually can't. This guy's
a goon, but if
I owned a team, that technology,
that's incredible. All of a sudden,
you just have to have
these cameras look around for people you don't like
and you just boot people out.
That's pretty cool.
If you don't even have to do any work, it's just facial recognition.
I mean, I might put that in my house for when my kids are treating me like shit.
And all of a sudden, boot their ass out.
I'm going to do a Rangers-Islanders game at MSG and see if I can make it out alive.
Let's track them down at Stadium Series next week, Biz.
We'll be there.
Yep.
Well, I don't think we mentioned earlier.
Tomorrow night, boys.
Chicklets cast.
First ever.
TNT is carrying Pittsburgh, Florida.
We are going to be on TruTV and Max streaming
doing our little fucking version of the game.
Boys, I am fucking jacked up for this.
Like, what's the game plan?
We're just going to like...
All right, we're going to stream a game
like we've done 40 fucking million times before,
and Witt mentioned it about three minutes into the podcast.
We are doing the Chicklets cast through Turner,
TNT, baby, true TV.
It's going to be a fucking blast.
I've said it once.
I'll say it a million times.
Cancel your dinner plans with your old lady.
Get a nice little steak.
Maybe even order in some food.
DoorDash.
Whatever you got to do to keep her in the house to watch this telecast.
It'll be the best night of your lives.
And give her a zen.
Give her a top.
Up her deckies in.
Get some flowers.
Maybe a foot massage.
Just like how R.A. massages his aunt's feet all the time with the CBD cream.
And his mom and his sister.
Let's go.
Chicklets telecast, February 14th, Valentine's Day.
Pittsburgh Penguins against the Florida Panthers.
Be there or be square.
We're going to have special guests, and it's going to be a blast.
That's how you fucking promo, R. blast. That's how you fucking promo, R.A.
That's how you fucking promo.
That was like the Rock and Roman Reigns and that
Cody guy just setting up this WrestleMania
match. Good work, biz.
WWF shit. Yeah, back
to quick for a second. 12-4-2
with a 9-1-9 save percentage.
2-2-7 goals against two shutouts.
And nine of his 18 stats, he's got a
9-2-3 save percentage or better.
He's just been unreal.
What do you think?
He's like going to be the playoff start of game one.
Or is just starting to get the crease back by then?
I don't know.
I don't know.
All right.
I have no idea.
I mean,
hope I think Rangers fans are hoping that it's just Durkin.
Cause that means he's really found his game.
My whole point of what I mentioned about Quick
is if it turns out to be him,
I mean, that's not necessarily a bad thing
and they're lucky that they have him.
What he's trying to say is you trade Shusterkin
at the deadline.
You finally get a good third line setter
because that's probably what you can get for him right now
and you move on.
That's it.
Let's go.
Go Rangers, go.
Dolan will probably clear that one too.
Moving along. Moving along.
Moving along.
I want to give a little shout out to Jimmy Veazey,
friend of the program.
He's been unreal.
He's getting, I think, 1221 ice time per game,
making 800 grand.
He's had 11 goals, five assists,
four of his goals a game with us,
but he's just been like one of those like businesses,
Swiss Army knife, utility knife,
whatever phrase you want to use.
He's been a nice little sign, so I just want to give him a little tip of the cap
for his play this year.
What's up?
What'd you say?
I said, let's go, baby.
Let's go, baby.
Also, the Rangers waived veteran forward Nick Bonino for the purposes of
terminating his contract.
The 35-year-old two-time cup winner, he had five points in 45 games.
He was assigned to Hartford, didn't want to go.
The Rangers let him think it over during all-star break. So, he's
a UFA right now. I would think he'd be a nice pickup
for a nice veteran
ad for the playoffs. I mean, this guy's been through all the
battles. Might not start the game, but he's
the next little thing to have in the draw, right?
Yeah. Benino, Benino, Benino. You could do it
better. Benino, Benino, Benino. Can you say it
fast? Oh, the
Indian broadcast that they had? Yeah.
Benino, Benino, Bonino, Bonino.
I'm not that great at it either, but that was excellent when they were doing that.
Gee, you want to give it a spin?
Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino.
No, no.
R.A., I'm not even going to try you.
Bonino.
Hello, everybody.
Bonino.
You guys heard about this Chicklets cast?
R.A., give us a Benino. Actually, try it.
People want to hear it in the car who are driving.
Benino, Benino,
Benino, Benino, Benino, Benino, Benino, Benino, Benino, Benino.
Wow! That was the best one.
There we go, alright. Welcome back.
I think you could... I mean, I don't know if
anyone will. He might be just ready to be done, but
bring him in. Depth guy
probably wouldn't be in the lineup at the beginning. You get a bunch
of injuries. You throw him in.
Fourth line.
He's Stanley Cup winner.
Don't hate that idea.
No.
Not at all.
Biz, the late game that night, Chicago, Minnesota,
you had the Foligno brothers with a little head-to-head matchup.
That was a pretty funny interview.
Thank God for them.
Holy.
I think I would have fell asleep in studio if it wasn't for them.
They both put on a show during the game just as much as before the game.
Did they both fight? a show during the game just as much as before the game um did they both fight some uh someone so tenority fought tenority fought marcus right yep and nick didn't fight did he no i think that he was about to square off with someone there was
a time where he did get locked up with someone i was hoping that both guys were gonna have a goal
in a fight get the felino brother uh kind of their version of the Gordie Howe hat trick.
But, man, Minnesota, they look slow, man.
This season's a full write-off.
I thought they were going to be a lot better.
I talked about them in preseason.
I thought they had an underrated D core,
but they've been decimated with some injuries too.
Like you can't lose Sturgeon
and then I'm forgetting the other guy's name.
Spurgeon.
Spurgeon, sorry. Spurgeon, Spurgeon. And who's the other d's name too who's pretty good brodeen yeah he's pretty nasty so he's sneaky nasty too yeah the only bright spot that's came out of this
season for them is faber and and he's going to be a stud lugging you know 28 to 30 minutes for
the future in terms of like showing that he can play in the NHL
and score a little bit.
Faber probably, I don't know,
I think they said six more weeks for Bedard.
Maybe that was two, three weeks ago.
But it's going to come right down to the wire, rookie of the year.
If Bedard comes back with maybe 20, 15 games to go
and he gets another 15 goals or whatever, he probably gets it.
But Faber is looking like a true
number one defenseman. And so in terms of when the Suter-Parisi cap hits end and they get some
things figured out, at least now you know, like we got Spurgeon, we got Brodine, we got Faber.
That's three awesome defensemen. What sucks is the Patty Maroon injury, because no matter what,
you know a contender's grabbing him. It's the auto trip to the finals when he's on your team.
And now he's going to be injured, probably unable to be dealt.
I don't know in terms of how serious the injury is, but that sucks for him.
I love that guy.
And what was my other thing with Minnesota?
Great, great.
What's the word?
Party?
Not party.
That's for flurry.
Thousandth game?
What is it called?
Ceremony.
Ceremony.
Jesus Christ. I was kind ofurry. Thousandth game. What is it called? Ceremony. Jesus Christ.
I was kind of humming today.
Upper decky.
But yeah, upper decky.
That was awesome.
I mean, he was getting a little emotional.
And I don't know if you guys saw the painting that Sid gave him.
Oh, man.
That was sick.
I don't know.
I wish we had the guy's name who did the painting.
But Biz, did you see it?
I did see it. It was beautiful. Oh, my God. And it was guy's name who did the painting, but Biz, did you see it? I did see it.
It was beautiful.
Oh, my God.
And it was nice that they videoed the exchange too.
Yeah.
I don't think there's a classier guy in the game
than Sidney Crosby doing that for his old pal
and just kind of seeing them rekindle the flame.
I'd like to see Fleury get moved over to Pittsburgh,
bring the band back together.
Ooh, Pittsburgh.
There you go.
Pittsburgh's headed.
I don't know whether it's two years, one year, three years.
For hell.
They're going to be the worst team in the league by a mile for a long time
when Sid's done.
Like, I'm talking like Edmonton days of darkness when Witt was there.
So that's going to just be such a kick in the dick for the Penguins fans.
That's why it's a sign.
Rumor boys are hearing Jake Gensel could be on the move.
What?
I said the rumor boys are hearing Jake Gensel could be on the move.
Well, that's been out there, yeah.
Potentially the Vancouver Canucks.
Oh, my God.
No, once they got Lindholm, they're done.
I don't know, man.
I keep hearing Vancouver, too, but I don't know what they would have to move off of in
order to get him.
I think that they got away with keeping one of their unbelievable prospects.
Wielander, the kid at BU.
Shout out BU in the Beanpot final tonight.
He's a stud.
I think he was 11th overall.
He'd definitely be in that Gensel deal.
Imagine they get Gensel and then they don't bring back Gensel,
Pedersen, or Lindholm.
If they do, that is a possibility.
So we keep talking about pushing all the chips in the middle
for this season's run. If you're
Vancouver, man, baby, I'd
love to see them roll the dice. Now, just
quickly going back to that Foligno pregame
interview we did. We like doing the double
header with both of them.
I mean, kind of
a ricochet shot
at Taylor Swift in one of their comments
when they said both their wives are hotter.
I love that, though.
Valentine's Day is coming up.
Just shout out the wife.
Give the wife some love.
You don't even got to mention her, though.
I know.
I know.
I don't even know how her name comes up.
It was brought up because you mentioned the podcast with the Kelsey brothers.
So it was kind of you put it in their brain.
Oh, yeah, I did. Yes. Yes. I put that ricochet shot. with the kelsey brothers so it was kind of you put it in their brain oh yeah i did yes yes that
rick i put that ricochet shot taylor swift has to get mentioned because when you say travis kelsey
now taylor swift immediately subconsciously goes into people's brains so they so they've been
brainwashed to hate her by by instagram twitter and network television great okay my apologies
everybody for for sparking up.
I don't need Travis fucking beating me up now next time we see each other.
I did look Travis Kelsey quickly in the post-interview with Chris Berman, ESPN post-Super Bowl interview with Mahomes and Travis Kelsey.
Berman mentioned, hey, why do you guys got to go down by 10 in these Super Bowls?
And he's like, yeah, it's like a three-goal lead in hockey. He's a hockey
guy. That's why we got to get him on.
Because they're hockey people.
It's not happening now.
Another thing from that game,
Jumbotron shutouts.
Tyler Mott got one. A lot of people kind of
irked by it. I know he played nine games a
couple years ago, 15 in the playoffs, then his
second stint with the Rangers, 24 regular season games, seven more in the playoffs.
He didn't get a jumbotron shuttle the first time.
He got one the second time.
You're kind of sick of these, Whit Dogg.
I'm pretty sure that I've began the charge against ridiculous jumbotron welcome back moments in the NHL.
And it might have been two years ago.
I don't remember the one that really
set me off. I think it all goes back to I never got one anywhere. I didn't get one in Pittsburgh.
I didn't get one in Anaheim. I certainly wouldn't have got one in Edmonton had I gone back as a
Florida Panther. But I was already sent down to the minors at that point when the Panthers traveled
to E-Town. But it's just the Pierre Engvall one in Toronto.
I guess now the teams have looked at it like if you ever step foot in this arena
as a player for the home team and you wore our jersey, you're getting a shout-out.
And people kind of come at me like, why is this rally?
I mean, I'm on Twitter talking about it.
It's not like I'm losing sleep over it.
It just seems to me that it's a much
lesser version of who gets a statue. It's like shout outs and big time jumbotron announcement
for players should be left for players who made an enormous impact for many years in a certain city.
So Tyler Mott on the New York Rangers, like I think you could ask diehard Rangers fans in 10
years and they may not remember that he played for them. No shot at Tyler Mott at all.
Guy's a great player.
He's in the NHL.
He's had a good career.
It's just, I don't know.
It's jumped the shark a little bit is where I'll head.
I wonder if they run it by Mott.
They should run it by the players.
That's a good point.
Hey, do you want one?
Play your 22 games.
You okay?
They're probably like, no, I'd rather not get that type of attention.
Now, I had G, when we were on our outline call ask twitter and social media what's the most ridiculous one now people keep going back to the quick one when he went back to columbus that was
funny though yeah that was that was a troll that was just pure comedy now what i think
mott might take the cake as most ridiculous one
that was actually serious.
Because you said he played how many games for the Rangers regular season
to get this tribute?
You say 22 games, R.A.?
24.
Yeah, his first stint there, he played nine games regular season
and then 15 in the playoffs.
Then it was 24 games, seven in the playoffs.
So 38 games with Ottawa in
between those stints.
That is as low as it gets.
The Rangers
have done it before, and they did it with
Ryan Carpenter, who only played 22
games, and that's courtesy of Johnny Laz.
He said, a welcome back
to Ryan Carpenter has just been shown on the
MSG Jumbotron.
He had only played 22 games for the team.
So that's got to be the worst.
Once an Oiler, always an Oiler.
They're taking it to heart, Rangers.
You put that jersey on for one game, you're getting a tribute video,
whether you're even on the ice or maybe you're there just even watching in the crowd.
They're going to find you, and they're going to give you a standing O.
Or they're going to facial recognition you with their going to give you a standing O or they're going to facial recognition
you with their software and kick you right out of the building
get you right the fuck out of there
well Biz I know one team that would
give you a little shout out on the Jumbotron
don't know what city or where it's going to happen but the
Coyotes man always something going on with this
squad arena plans way up in the
air they're supposedly trying to buy a plot of land
that they're going to fucking make some plans on
it's a total disaster Marty Walsh union, union president, is pissed off. The next deadline
for me is tomorrow. He said, it's now. It's right now. There was a piece of land in Mesa. There was
a piece of land in Phoenix. There were three ballot questions in Tempe. None of that came to fruition.
And Elliott Friedman, our buddy, says, I believe that there is something hard and fast in the
place. I believe there is something hard and fast in place in the very near future.
I think this could be under the ownership group there.
So Elliot's talking about a new ownership group there.
I don't know what you're hearing out there, Biz,
but are they going to be there next year, two years?
What's going on?
Oh, God.
Every time I go in public here, especially the open,
people ask me, what's going on?
What's going on? I don't have a fucking clue.
I did hear that they were going for 200 acres in that area in north scottsdale then that that acreage was too expensive
now they're trying to condense it in half so they're trying to get like about 100 acres in
that same area which would be cheaper and i think that's all you would need now mark cuban made an
interesting comment he thinks that the top of the TV deals,
they've reached their peak,
or at least the gradual increases
where it's going to stay around where it is now.
That's why I'm assuming he got off of his investment
of the Dallas Mavericks,
where these teams are going to be able to make their money
is in the development side of where these arenas are
and what you could put around them.
That's what they're trying to do in Atlanta right now. They're trying to secure a bunch of land in Alpharetta where they
would build all these condos around it. A good way to look at it. The Bruins have done it. A good way
to look at it even from an Atlanta perspective is they did it with the Braves. They built that new
facility where they did along with all these restaurants. So it's a whole vibe and you have
all these people now living there where,
you know,
what are you going to do?
What are you going to do in North Scottsdale?
What type of entertainment is there there?
Well,
boom,
pop up the rink.
You got the team there and you got enough people who have money where they
have that secondary income where they can go splurge on,
on tickets for events.
So it would,
it would completely make sense,
but I don't know what's going on with this ownership group.
I don't know why they can't solidify a piece of dirt and continue.
I don't know what their finances look like, but this keeps dragging out and out and out.
I think when they originally planned to move into Tempe, it was going to be around a four to five year type thing.
Well, they haven't even started the construction of the building.
So how long are they going to let this bleed out here?
I see this as something where the team is probably going to end up leaving.
And then eventually a team will come back. That's where I'm at. It's nothing against this ownership
group, sometimes solidifying these big parcels of land, especially in areas that are growing
like crazy. Like Scottsdale is probably one of the fastest growing areas in the entire country.
Like Scottsdale is probably one of the fastest growing areas in the entire country.
Easily in North America.
I think there's 5 billion builds happening in this area.
So going back 15 years ago, that's not something that happened here.
Whereas when you see billion dollar builds, this is happening in places like LA, like New York.
So I don't think much anything has progressed from, from a, from a information
perspective where we were a few weeks ago. This is more so if they don't end up figuring out this,
this piece of land, I think that they're, they're gone. I don't, I think that they're fed up. And,
and I would imagine the paperwork that was signed when they did give ownership over
Bettman did have a clause in there where if they didn't figure stuff out,
that they would either have to sell the team back to the league
and or another person who's willing to buy it and move it.
And I'm drawing a blank on his name,
but the gentleman in Utah who owns the...
Ryan Smith.
Ryan Smith, who owns the Jazz,
he's already offered a billion dollars for the team,
from my understanding.
So he's got the
money in order to do it, move it there. And they're going to build this whole new facility
that has the basketball, the hockey, and then enough for all the youth sports in order to grow
as well. Like youth hockey and youth basketball. Olympics too. Olympics are going there. Olympics
is going there. So they're, and they're going to keep the old barn. So they'll have two arenas
there for the, for the hockey portion of it. I i uh i think that utah makes a lot of sense and i think that at this point to have an owner like
that it would be a good thing to move the team there people will always be like oh it's not a
big tv market they'll have the local support from the community there and they have a good owner so
that's all i got to say about that i i think we've been doing this show coming up on eight years,
maybe this Super Bowl that just happened.
It's been a storyline the entire time.
Marty Walsh said it best.
It's just embarrassing.
It's embarrassing for the players.
It's embarrassing for the league.
I mean, they've had different buildings.
They've had different owners.
They've had different team names.
They've had  it's nonstop madness.
And it's just  it's like you said, Biz, they'll be back.
I mean, Elliott said it.
Frank Cervalli said it.
They will be back.
Bettman is very adamant on a team in Arizona.
So it'll happen.
But this team, they're not going to be there next year.
I just can't see it happening.
It's time to move on.
It's been a clusterfuck since the very beginning.
Since the day Shane Doan put the shovel into what would be the arena in Scottsdale and that went sideways
with the free land in Glendale, it's been absolute disaster ever since. Mind, besides you, those
couple runs that your teams went on and maybe at the beginning when Roenick was still there and
Kachuk. But overall, it just hasn't worked out. Get a new arena in the right spot,
and I'm sure it could work out,
but that's not happening right now.
And also, I mean, these owners are going to make a ton of money.
It's not like this is a loss for them, right?
If Smith does end up moving them to Utah,
they're making a nice chunk of change
in terms of what they paid for.
Yeah, but I think they got the team for around 300 million,
maybe 350 million.
So if he pays a billion for them, that seems like it's a lot.
Yeah, no, it's a ton of dough.
And I just don't know how much of that money was put up front.
So if you're talking about a hard money loan on 150, 200 million
where he put 100, 150 down,
I don't know how much you're leaking oil based on the interest rate you got.
So yeah, will he turn a profit? Absolutely. I just don't know how much given're leaking oil based on the interest rate you got. So, yeah, will he turn a profit?
Absolutely.
I just don't know how much given what he's been leaking oil.
He bought the team for 225 too.
Wow.
Ooh.
Oh, wee.
So if Smith does buy them and moves them to Utah
and then has them play where the Jazz play until the arena is built,
I cannot see him paying a billion dollars.
I think that would be crazy.
Yeah, and I think that there are a few other investors
that are minority investors, but
Murillo is the main guy.
And then the Twitter feed, I don't know
who's handling that, but there's funny
and then there's just like, well, go back to cringe.
It's just like, it's a pretty serious
matter. They don't have a place to play in it. It seems
like it's a joke to the fucking Twitter feed,
man. You know what I mean? It's just like
they care about Twitter.
Well, I do use
it for information. And I just think that it's
a tough look sometimes when you're kind of
mocking or making light of this
fucking very serious situation for the franchise.
You know, I mean, they need a fucking place to
play. And it's like a big joke to whoever's
running the Twitter. I don't get it.
I don't get that part.
Bettman did mention that Utah, Atlanta, Houston, Kansas City and Cincinnati, all locations that have reached out, you know, for a potential franchise to come there at some point.
So we will keep our eyes on that.
We'll be getting to our first interview shortly.
We do have a couple for you today.
Sarah Nurse, one of the great Canadian women's players, and Brock Bessa of the Vancouver Canucks.
We got a pair of those.
But it was a shitty story out of Michigan last week,
or a couple weeks ago.
Michigan women's coach Jenna Trubiano,
she coaches the club program there.
She played there for five years.
She was playing in an adult league there,
and she got checked, and there was a penalty call.
These dudes are like 30, 40 years old.
They weren't like teenagers saying,
stay on your feet.
It's a men's league. Join a women women's league this is a men's league just
give it a fucking shit now i mean obviously i didn't play like to the level you guys did but
i don't i think if you're on the ice with a fucking stick in your hand nobody gives a shit
like we had kelly babstock g on our team at the ice hockey tournament we had up in muskoka and
like who cares if you're out there playing it's not a big deal and i'm like shocked that like that age dudes would fucking like give a woman shit for playing hockey out there it just
seems like fucking stupid she went to the league director after it just said I just want to
apologize I just want to talk to these guys and they mocked her in the way I'll go have a great
night blah blah blah it's just like what the fuck man it's it's 2024 we talk about like advancing
the woman's game here all the time and I don't know it's just a shitty thing for this woman to have to go through.
To go play hockey and a bunch of donkeys give her fucking shit about playing a women's league.
First off, it's an adult league.
It's not even a men's league.
I don't know.
I just fucking felt awful far.
And she posted about it.
And I don't know.
I just want to bring the story to light.
Obviously, we're going to have Sarah and Shirley.
And just like, you know, guys, if you're playing with a woman in the league, just be a fucking normal person.
Don't be a dickhead.
Don't be an asshole.
Who cares? She's out there with a stick. Whoever. If they're playing, a woman in the league. Just be a fucking normal person. Don't be a dickhead. Don't be an asshole. Who cares?
She's out there with a stick.
Whoever.
If they're playing, let them play.
Like, it's fucking stupid to fucking fuck with anybody for any reason.
But knock the shit off, whatever that league is in Metro Detroit.
Yeah, I mean, if you're playing, even if you're playing men's league,
you're going out there for a sweat and to have some fun.
I mean, like, yeah, it's just obnoxious behavior.
So did the guys end up apologizing or they didn't?
No, no. They, they like, she went to the director and he, you know,
he felt bad.
He went and talked to the team and they walked by like literally like,
like mocking, they go have a great night, like walking by like sarcastically.
It's like, so instead of just like not say nothing,
they're like kind of rubbing it in. I don't know. It's just donkey behavior.
I mean, nobody countered it. They didn't say, Oh, that didn't happen.
And there was a couple of stories in the athletic to follow up on it, but it's just like, dude, like just fucking grow up. I mean, nobody countered it. They didn't say, oh, that didn't happen. There was a couple stories in The Athletic to follow
up on it, but it's just like, dude, like, just
fucking grow up. Like, again, because if it was a
teenage league or young guys,
alright, guys, you know, at that age are immature, but
the fact that these guys are in their 30s and 40s, they have
daughters that play hockey, and you treat
a woman like that just because fucking she's a woman,
fucking grow the fuck up. We should
maybe hire a guy, like
an old school tough guy,
to go out there to this league and just dummy these guys.
Wasn't there a UFC MMA show where they would take care of bullies, basically?
Really?
Yeah, there was a show.
I'm sure Mick Ficotta would do it.
We should send Ficotta out there.
That's what I'm saying.
We could get some more out there.
Diamond hands.
Daniel Amesberry would do it.
He just signed a deal in the ECHL should get some more there. Diamond hands. Daniel Amesbury would do it.
He just signed a deal in the ECHL.
That would be awesome.
All right.
Well, either way, we were lucky to meet with Sarah Nurse when we were up Toronto last week.
A great player, great person.
We met her a few years ago out in St. Louis. So we're going to send it over to Sarah Nurse right now.
So enjoy.
Before we continue, it's Witt, and I need to talk to you about Coho.
Before we continue, it's Wit, and I need to talk to you about Coho.
Coho is a Canadian fintech company rooted in the belief that better financial solutions for all Canadians exist.
They offer up to 5 interest rate on savings, which is four times the best banks in Canada and one of the highest interest rates in Canada.
You can earn up to cash back on your purchases.
Coho is the highest rated financial app in Canada.
It's got a 4.8 rating on the App Store, and you can build your credit history.
Coho users have seen, on average, a plus 22 point increase in their score in three months,
which is great for those starting out or need help rebuilding their credit.
Join over 1 million Canadians and sign up for your free trial right now. Coho has plans to suit all your needs. Download Coho on Google or App Store today,
or go to www.coho.ca for more details. You can also get 20 off when you make your first purchase
of 20 using the code CHICKLETS20. Coho, check it out now.
Well, we are very happy to welcome our next guest to the show.
It's been a long time, Sarah, since we promised you'd be on.
She's been one of the faces of women's hockey here in Canada for over a decade now.
She won gold at the Under-18 World Championship, two World Championship golds, and of course,
Olympic gold two years ago.
Today, she suits up for the Toronto squad in the PWHL.
It's a big pleasure to finally welcome to the Spitting Chickens podcast,
Sarah Nurse.
How you been, Nurse?
Wow.
Sarah Nurse, Canadian legend.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Great intro.
I love that.
He forgot the all-time leading scorer in one Olympic.
He broke that record last Olympics, 18 points.
18?
I think he did an extra four.
And also a broadcaster.
Yeah, she did a million things.
I think it was your first show.
I was with you.
Yeah.
I think.
Yeah.
Right?
That was your first one?
Hey, was he doing the, how did I do?
How did I do?
Was I okay?
Was I?
I was like, I don't know.
How is this supposed to go?
You tell me.
I think I was very supportive.
I think I'm a good teammate.
Yeah, you're a good teammate.
Made me feel very comfortable it's amazing sir we did tnt together too and you didn't
seem nervous at all like this is probably something you're to get into after you're done playing right
broadcasting you're a natural it was fun and i mean it's just talking about hockey which i know
and so having the confidence in that but i mean i was very nervous that was the first time i was on
like a big broadcast i mean like i've done sports net like That was the first time I was on like a big broadcast. I mean, like I've done Sportsnet like Wednesday,
or not Wednesday.
It was like a regional night or something.
It wasn't that.
Like the Canucks are very familiar with me, I think.
But other than that,
it was the first time I was on national broadcast.
So big true.
Well, you crushed it and we're hoping you get back,
but not anytime soon because you're playing pro now.
Is it weird playing for a team that doesn't have a name yet?
Yeah.
Because you're just a Toronto team.
You know what the only weird thing is? Saying P PWHL Toronto because it sounds so foreign to me like I want to have a
name for sure um and like for merch and different like cheers and things like you want to have a
name but it's all coming like all coming whip this thing together in six months it's amazing how quick
it all kind of came and I guess it was a long time coming but for you and all the other girls and
women it must have been just so relieving
to finally have everyone connected in one group, right?
For sure.
Because all those years with the two different leagues,
you must have been like,
we just need to get fortified together and figure this out.
Yeah, I think for the last few years,
we've all been going in the same direction on different paths,
and it's really prevented us
from getting to where we need to be today.
So there's been so much back and forth
and all this talk about feuds and all that.
People like to pit people against each other.
But the fact that we were finally able to come together as one group is really what propelled this.
What was it that specifically spearheaded that?
Like just did you guys all get together in a big room, like a big conference call and finally got on the same page?
I think it really did come from the top because we had been working with the Mark Walter Group and Billie Jean King Enterprises for a really long time.
And they basically said, listen, we have the money to do this. How can we do this correctly? And so
we basically said, hey, there's a PWHPA, there's a PHF, and we need to figure out a way to make
their one prominent league. And that's what they ended up doing. And so that's how we're here.
So Billie Jean King, she's been a big part of of it right like in what she's accomplished for women's sports and
all that and like i guess her being around has that been cool to pick her brain and have her be
like a big part of this entire thing yes like to have a legend like that around at all times is
pretty crazy and so she's just like a champion for inclusion and she just comes in and says
you guys are here together that's amazing we're gonna she knows nothing about hockey now she does but it's so funny her hockey knowledge she's like i
don't know if she knew how to hold a stick like it was it was pretty awesome but it didn't even
really matter right like yeah that's cool yeah she gave you guys like power and like an eye and like
it was like a kick almost because of because of her name and her presence around it i know being
around you earlier when it was what the heck was it i her presence around it i know being around you earlier
when it was what the heck was it i was getting so confused i even talked to you guys about this and
spooner and others uh the ladies that i hung out with that played it was like pswcf there are a lot
of letters ddcp i get a little confused there are a lot of letters it used to be insane and and you
know you guys were fighting through this
and you're at still a young enough age where it's like,
this, you know, is in my wheelhouse here.
We've got to make a change.
From that to now, I guess just take us through like the emotions.
I would say one thing of that,
because you're a professional hockey player
and what it took to go from that to where you are now.
Yeah, it's kind of crazy to think of where this all started because I was like 24 years old
when we found out we didn't have a league and there was no professional women's hockey.
And so I was like, man, I'm in a prime of my career.
What am I supposed to do now?
And so we basically just realized we had the opportunity to really push for something and
really get that exposure, I guess, get our names out there. And so from, I'm 29 now, so the last five
years, being able to just go through life, go through hockey and be like, listen, this is the
direction we want to get to. We don't know how we're going to get there, but we're going to get
there eventually. I feel bad almost for some of the women who say are 35 now, right? Because they
like missed what you're saying was your prime. But at least in the future now, like my thing is
with, especially in America, now like my thing is with especially
in america like women's hockey is growing at this amazing rate and now all these girls like have
something to like look look up to and this is where i can get it's just like having the goal
in your mind is so much easier i'm guessing than kind of wondering well i don't even know where
i'll be playing if i if i am good enough for sure and i mean my roommate was an all-american
um at the university of wisconsin and she just stopped playing hockey because there was no future for her.
This is one of the best players in the NCAA.
Yeah.
Stops playing because there's nowhere for her to play.
And so now we're going to see not only at the professional level, the level of hockey elevate, but at the collegiate level, at development levels.
And so I'm excited to see in the next 10, 15 years where we're at.
And so I'm excited to see in the next 10, 15 years where we're at. What I loved in seeing the first few games is like the physicality.
And I know it's been talked about a lot, but it seems like especially against the boards, you're getting like contact.
And is that something all of you guys wanted?
Like we just need a little bit more of that maybe to attract some more eyeballs?
Yeah.
Well, the one thing that people talked about when it separates men's and women's hockey is the body checking.
They're like, we're not going to watch this because it's not real hockey there's no body checking
and so when we're having these conversations we're like we'll just put body checking in really do it
already um so just put it in and so now we've been given the freedom like we don't want open
ice hits to the head right nobody does but along the boards like you're fair game at that point
you are fair game and we point. You are fair game.
And we've seen through the first month of this season that there have been a
lot of big hits.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It's,
it's been pretty cool to be a part of and watch.
What about the trash talking?
Is it as ruthless as,
as the men's game?
Honestly,
I think it's a little more ruthless just because like girls are vicious.
Good,
good,
good.
Hey,
you get a questions like this.
Like what's the best trash talk you've ever heard?
You cunt.
Sorry.
Girls are vicious.
Girls are throwing C-bombs at each other?
Girls are just vicious in the sense that it gets personal.
And I know that, like, I always hear about guys talking about people's moms and, like, sisters and things.
But, like, a girl will run down your entire life.
Yeah.
She's like, I took down your boyfriend.
So, if you
if you ever have before my pregame nap today your boyfriend came over
i got those electric i got those extra electrolytes in my belly girl
to first first five minute major for for shit talking oh my god it's in our game but no you
hear somebody like abby rock or like emma malte like you
those two mic'd up the game they're like the marshall maybe absolutely absolutely okay so
is there anyone else like who who's the who's the top dog trash talker uh there's when we play team
canada team usa so she's not in our league yet but abby murphy is a big one too like there are
just some girls who will like attack you yeah yeah well that's that's the biggest rivalry in
women's hockey is Canada versus USA.
I mean, your first Olympics,
you guys ended up losing in the gold medal game.
So you've seen it both sides, right?
Like what was that experience
not only making your first Olympic,
but then going through that and then facing defeat?
Yeah, it sucked.
Like bottom line, it sucked.
We were hyped up so much
because we were going for like a record of
the most consecutive olympic gold medals i think that would have been our fifth in a row our team's
fifth in a row and so coming back to canada it was just a disappointment because we had the standard
in our country that our women's hockey team came back with a gold medal and so although we were so
supported and felt so much love there was always that uh you guys got a silver medal and it
it wasn't good enough it wasn't and it didn't feel good enough to us either and so we were like i
personally i was like i'm not going back to the olympics unless it's for a gold medal so there's
just that extra when you're wearing your country's for sure thing and and it hits like really hard
yeah have you noticed that because it's canada and US right you have these amazing battles it's
really cool what you guys have done in terms of like you're playing the little series here and
there have you seen other countries start to become better and the women's programs growing
like maybe Sweden Finland are they starting to maybe get towards your guys level yeah the Finns
are good they've had a rough couple of years for sure but really to me is Czechia they've actually
been like this sleeper that is like gradually caught like got their way up i think they're third and like same with the men too
and check the world juniors yeah and they have that one girl that's like a light show i forget
her name she's the mcdavis is it she's slow back so she's slow back she's like 16 yeah she's really
young yeah tiny like young but she's sick yeah and it'll be cool to see because she's playing
call or high school right now in the states so it'll be cool to see because she's playing high school right now in the States.
So it'll be cool to see her development when she gets up to be 18, 20 years old.
She'll be doing USA hockey modules, skating through pylons.
Exactly.
Is she getting the Bedard McDavid treatment from the ladies being like,
okay, this girl's like the top prospect?
We all know her.
Right.
And I think it's also because of the visibility and exposure.
Like TSN pumped her last
year a couple of those goals like you know they're going viral right and so she was everywhere and so
somebody like me i'm on the senior national team for team canada like no offense why would i know
something on team slovakia under 18 team i've seen that girl score and i'm like dang she's good so
i'm excited to see maybe we'll play again, she's like the first one, though, that has popped at a young age.
I remember growing up, I remember Jay Bo Meester,
then it was Spezza.
I would say.
You only saw them on the hockey news still,
but now to hear her name at such a young age in your sport
and for your league and your game.
It is different to her being from a European country.
We have girls, obviously, on Team Canada who aren't on teen can at 14 years old right like caitlin kramer just went and set a
bunch of records at the women's under 18 world championship she's on teen canada and so it's
harder to crack the roster at 14 years old but there are definitely girls who are going to get
boudard treatment yeah who's who's the female goat i mean mean, Haley, recognize her name comes up a lot.
Is it Poulet?
I think it'll be Poulet.
By the time she's done.
Mary-Philippe Poulet.
Mary-Philippe Poulet.
She's unbelievable.
Mary-Philippe Poulet.
No, I was going to say it's mad.
I can't say her name.
No, she's the best player that I think will ever touch our game.
Yeah.
At everything, she's better at you then.
And then.
No, that's English.
She's better at English better if it's not
a nurse ism that's what you said earlier i don't get nervous we talk hockey i was like that's
probably why i do get nervous before the broadcast because i actually have to talk about it she is
the first one to pronounce the name of that country correct on the show czechia czechia
yeah we've been butchering that for a while. This is Czechoslovakia.
I wasn't around when it was around.
Welcome to 2024.
I will say this.
So she's Marie-Philippe Poulin.
She's also extremely, not only good, but clutch.
Absolutely.
Like it's the most clutchness.
Absolutely.
Like you can never, no matter what team she's on,
you can never count her team out because she's there.
Yeah.
Is she cool, calm, and collected off the ice?
A very calm demeanor?
So calm.
She's so humble.
Could never be me.
You're wild by the way I am.
I know, right?
Who are the wild personalities for Team Canada?
Who are the girls in the locker room that maybe when the energy is a little bit low, they they can get in there and elevate the group yeah definitely an emma malte uh she's on my
triado team she's crazy wilds like she has this thing she does like compliments of the team and
she runs around in her little body suit and like yells at you basically like she looked at joss on
the rock one day was like you're strong as hell and i was like oh my gosh um but she's somebody
who definitely gets the vibes up Laura
Stacy is absolutely hilarious as well so we have some characters some personalities I love that
personally for you like growing up like how long were you playing with the boys and like because
it's different I think now at least in the Boston area there's all girls teams starting at seven
and eight but I remember growing up there'd be really good girls on our team till we were like
12 even like was that you yeah I I played with the boys until I was 12.
11 or 12, I believe.
And I like always played with them until I was seven.
I didn't even know girls played hockey.
Like I didn't know there were girls hockey teams, anything like that until I saw Team Canada play.
That's what kind of gave you a fire.
Yeah.
And I was like, holy, I can't believe there's a whole team of girls.
Right.
And so I was like, I got to be on that team one day.
And so that was like my first introduction to girls hockey.
And then I eventually made the transition.
But I grew up playing with the boys.
Did they give you a lot of shit out there, the playing?
You know, it was the parents.
The parents hated me.
Because I was the best player.
Because you beat their son.
Yeah, I was the best player.
I can't believe that chick's taking my son's pee-pee time.
My son's a natural centerman, damn it.
Right? And I'm lining up up one c they're all mad but no the parents the parents didn't like me uh but the boys they were great like they were
like my brothers they'd go to battle for me somebody tried to take me out i had five of them
and how do you i mean i'm sure you had a great support system but how did you handle that like
emotionally when you were coming up and that was the case where you were feeling it from the parents even yeah i think my dad always just talked
to me about doing my talking on the ice like i'm a seven eight nine year old kid like what am i
gonna do right and so he was like hey if you keep going out and playing the way that you're playing
all those guys are gonna be laughing one day and they're gonna be sitting there being like i used
to play with that girl yeah and i get talked to by people all the time being like oh my supply
teacher mr so-and-so said he used to play with you.
And I was like, that's crazy. Like out of all of those kids, I'm the one who's still
in the hockey world. Right. And that's unbelievable. Did you have any advice
like for hockey dads out there when you're raising a girl who's playing or am I even
stupid for asking that? And it's just treat them, treat them the same as you would for your son.
Yeah, absolutely. I think now, especially too too with the resources there are for women's hockey
it's it's very similar yeah i would say teach your kids how to skate first yeah i don't know
what we're doing throwing our kids on the ice box at three years old i know teach your kids how to
skate and then let them go yeah yeah well you so you started skating at three and then you finally
started playing uh like organized hockey at five i read yes and you said i think it was the 2002 salt lake olympics when you started watching the
women's team that's what really kind of ignited your passion for the game yes yeah i i was a
really good skater like that was what i was always very skilled at and i wasn't really into hockey i
wasn't really into the pucks the equipment I nothing about it really lit my fire
I liked soccer okay I liked soccer um but I was just I was out there having fun and I did enjoy
playing the game but once my dad actually taught me the purpose of hockey they were like you put
this puck in the net you score goals I was like oh this is awesome people cheer this is amazing
so then I started falling in love with hockey. But yeah, like watching the women in 2002
was like game changing for me. That was the first time I had something to look up to because prior
to that, even at seven years old, people were like, you're never going to make it to the NHL.
And I was like, I know. I don't want to. Right. And so that was some tangible goal for me.
Speaking of the NHL, I know there's been criticism of not necessarily assisting or
helping out the women's leagues. Now that there's
only one, has the NHL stepped up a little more in that
regard? Yeah, they've definitely been
supportive. I mean, even being here at All-Star
Weekend, obviously we've been a part of
All-Star Weekend in the past, but to have a very
tangible game to be able to showcase
our league, I think, has been great.
And in each individual market, I think the individual
teams have done a good job at
some level of supporting and helping.
What about the crowds?
Because that was the one thing that took me back.
These arenas are packed.
They're loud.
Did you expect that coming in?
Or was it more of a surprise that they've been that packed?
I was very hopeful and optimistic.
Because I know the demand.
I know people have been like, I want to see you guys play.
But for us, like in Toronto, and I know we have a smaller building. It holds see you guys play. But for ours, like in Toronto,
and I know we have a smaller building,
it holds 3000 people.
Who cares if it's packed though?
Oh, it's atmosphere.
And our season sold out before,
like tickets could even go on sale to the general public.
It's more than the coyotes get.
Hey, I don't want to say,
I'm not trying to make anybody angry.
Classy, you're a classy lady.
I got the boy over there.
But it's been like overwhelming because i
even hear for next year there's like a 2 000 person list for season tickets yeah so i'm like
dang supply demand there was no way that you weren't going to end up in toronto did they get
to like consult you beforehand and you got to say yeah i'm staying in toronto i'm going to be the
face of the team here like how did that all go i'm sure no because no no it was a it was like it was a free agency period so basically a GM could call any player
who had registered for the draft and been like hey I coach for Toronto this is my pitch pretty much
um we'd love to have you here so everyone called you so I got some calls. Louis Vuitton duffel bag. That's adding to the list.
Louis V.
But no, I got a call and I'm very familiar with the staff in Toronto, Gina and Troy at Hockey Canada.
And actually when I found out that they were going to be in Toronto, I was like, I don't know if they're going to want me.
Because they have so many options.
They have so many options.
They know me in and out.
So if they don't like something about me as a player, as a person, they don't need to take me.
And so I was kind of concerned.
I was like, this is obviously where I want to be.
This is not only home, but it's like the hub of so many things that I do.
And so I got a call from them, had a couple conversations, and I ended up being fortunate to be in Toronto. So then after free agency period, then they held the draft?
So players signed before, and then whoever was left went through the draft?
Yes.
The free agency period was basically signing your elite and prestige players to generate some more buzz.
Because when you start with a draft, if you just started with a draft, how do you create momentum?
Do you kind of wish you got drafted maybe too, though?
That was kind of cool.
It was really cool.
You just got signed.
You didn't really get drafted.
I was a little jealous like i like even like taylor heisey she goes number one i'm like oh like that would
have been so cool to not saying i would have gotten number one but to hear my name called
yeah i think that would have been cool right so let me ask you this you got a lot of skin in this
game man you've been grinding it out playing along a while but you're you're a boardroom
battler you've you know i'm adding that to my bio boardroom battler. I'm adding that to my bio.
Boardroom battler.
He's going to get you another Louis Vuitton
waffle.
She let my kids try on her gold
medal. That's why.
She put it on my kids. Let them wear
it. So she's got a spot in my
heart, old nursey. But being
a local girl, skin in the game
for the league fighting and now
playing for playing for your hometown team personally for you how insane like totally
insane is that emotionally and everything when you first took to the ice instead of being like
minnesota it's true it's true it's true i was growing up watching the toronto maple leafs like this was
the closest thing i had to professional hockey and stepping on the ice with toronto on my chest
it was fulfilling a dream that i never knew that i even had i never dreamed of playing professional
hockey because that there was no league yeah so why would i even think of that and stepping on
the ice i was like holy crap like how did i here? Like, there's so many little things in your life that you're like, this led me to this
moment, right?
And so there was an insane rollercoaster of emotions.
You're thinking of so many people, how you got there.
Overwhelming a little bit at the beginning.
So overwhelming.
But it was special.
Like, it's something that, especially playing in that first game, like me and my teammates,
like we're the only ones who have ever experienced that.
What is the schedule?
How many games will you guys play?
We have 24 on this year's season because it's a short season,
from January to June.
24, we had eight in January, so it was packed.
We were here traveling.
It's been insane.
Five coming up in February.
What will be the playoff format? It is going to be a series and i'm trying to think right now i should know this it's
either best of three or best of five okay um top four teams make the playoffs two you're golfing
early but yeah that's it yeah um you you mentioned the gold medal army and we talked about how you
guys face defeat your first olympics so that four years leading up to the next one like what was the
preparation like and for those who are listening who don't know like you guys have a bit of a
different schedule so what was like the training for team canada like when would you girls meet up
for your camps and how would you get prepared to eventually win the gold medal in pyeongchang is
that how you say it pyeongchang was olympics one that was one you were in beijing beijing sorry
sorry beijing That was right though.
I can't believe you pronounced it.
He can't say your last name.
He can not say nurse, but he could say.
Well, he's a big time massage guy.
You're linking everything together.
It's all different.
That's one thing you guys should request in your next CBA is Thai massages before a game.
Oh my God.
Oh, I'm telling you.
They'll work that postural chain nice.
Get the heels and the glutes.
It's awesome.
We're perfectly on the question.
So yeah, we got sidetracked there though.
So that's-
Schedule leading up.
Yeah.
So training, obviously you guys need redemption.
For sure.
And it was different because of COVID, obviously.
Like that completely turned everything upside down.
But before the Olympics, what we do is we move to Calgary for six months. So in July, I guess we all moved there and we stay there for six months and
we train and play as a team. So we'll go, we'll play Team USA. They had us playing in like the
BCHL that year too. So we're playing like in like Trail and like Cranbrook against those junior
teams. And basically it is a year longlong tryout so they bring 28 women and
they have to cut the roster down to 23 that's tough it's crazy so your teammates with these
people that you're competing against at the end of the day so it creates a really really tough
dynamic and yeah that's that's basically how we do it that's what they they used to do with usa
hockey in the olympics before there were pros like 1980 and at the end there's like one or two cuts
left it's just probably so hard for you to create like friends to come december 23rd and be like oh
you're not going to olympics so to back it up that's that year leading up to the olympics so
are you still doing that process because you guys have the world championships at the end of each of
those years leading up like are you still doing that six months there no we only do it the year
before the olympics
okay so in all the other years we'd be back with our club teams um training on our own but that'll
obviously change with our pro league like we won't be able to leave for six months yeah so yeah but
you're playing but it's we're playing so it's like that it's like the nhl and then 2020 when's the
next one 2026 2026 we'll be playing and then we'll have a three-week break and go to the olympics so we're really i think right italy you know you already know he's been in china and korea
i know all of my family's like we're kind of done the asia trip like let's go somewhere
the frog legs on the conch was nice exactly my poor mom everyone gains 20 pounds in it
my mom had white rice for like three weeks straight
poor girl now they're gonna have red lips and teeth exactly crushing them they won't even make
it to the games they have like robot tie masseuses there so we always use the term iron sharpen
sharpens iron and you guys talked about that that um that year leading up and how maybe nasty it got
sometimes because of the dynamic. Like what?
Like you guys are competing on the ice, maybe some on ice fights during practice,
like anything like that degree?
That actually did almost happen.
Tensions run really high.
Yeah, I think there were so many factors that led to us losing in 2018.
And we almost won, which was the crazy thing.
Like they ended up, I believe that we were winning and then they ended up tying it late
and then we lost in the shootout.
That was the gross move.
Yes, by Lambert.
Oh my God.
And so we almost got away with whatever we were doing in 2018.
And it's crazy to think of if we would have won, you know, maybe what would have changed
within our program.
Probably not much.
Yeah, that's true.
That loss really made us go internal and like what are we
doing here and we changed a lot so and so explain this to me because lots of talk's been this too
leading up changing things getting a league like a this new established league that's like legit
um and then on the downtime when you're work you get that pre-olympic thing but other than that
like what do you what do like what are you ladies doing?
Like, are you guys going and working at like,
you have to get a job
and you guys have all had to do that
while trying to train and take,
you know, these steps through your career too.
So you guys have been like literally grinding.
Yeah.
And lucky for us, like not anymore
because of our league now.
Yeah.
But we have girls,
like last year we had girls who were teachers,
chiropractors, we have firefighters, police last year, we had girls who were teachers,
chiropractors.
We have firefighters,
police officers. Really?
And they got to be training too.
Exactly.
It's a lot.
Yeah.
So that's what we've been dealing with
for the last five years.
For forever, really,
until this year.
We have girls with other careers.
What did you do?
Hockey's been a hobby.
Did you have to do anything?
Everything.
I worked with you.
Yeah, you did a little TV.
I did.
Did you do anything else?
Like what else were you doing?
I didn't.
Actually, fun fact um i've
never had like a real job hey join the club how terrible is that that means you're good enough at
hockey i had to have a paper route no nothing i remember one time i tried to like bag groceries
but didn't get that one i wasn't qualified enough i i got a random question. It could be stupid.
Any talk about ever going to advisors?
Lots of talk.
So much talk. Do you think it would change things in terms of how people view it?
I don't know.
The argument for the advisors is like the NHL, for example.
You know that they're the top.
Yes, insurance, of course.
But you know that they're the top because they don't have cages, right?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. For for sure but they stop wearing cages when they are 16
in the junior hockey okay so they actually learn how to i want to use this very carefully control
their sticks yeah for sure if you notice in our game our sticks are kind of everywhere like
college hockey so i have like a pretty beautiful face i don't want to be okay i just got dental insurance this year i don't want to be... Okay, I just got dental insurance this year.
I don't want to be stuck in the face.
Get a picture of Nursey now.
Let's take it rid of the pages.
Just take a headshot of me right now.
That'll be her post-career.
There you go.
But we've had a lot of conversations about that.
You look good with a hooked nose like me, though.
Do you think?
A little to the side.
In the meetings, they're like,
have you seen Biss and Armstrong's nose?
You want to have one of
those yeah yeah we're the four pictures that's what i'm saying this isn't a loaded question
either is there any other resources you talk about the the advancement of resources for women's
hockey is there anything else from a league standpoint that you think you guys would need
over the next couple years like what are some more things that you're not quite there on which
you think that you guys could use
in order to kind of take that next step?
Yeah, the like visibility
on the broadcast side has been great.
Like I've been able to catch
pretty much every game
on some major sports network
or it's always on YouTube.
But what I would love to see
is the production behind the game.
You work at TNT,
you work at SportsCenter TNT.
I don't know if you work at TNT.
I don't do anything.
But the production
behind those games pre post during the manpower or whatever yes i want to see more of that because
that's how you get to like really know players that's how you get to know players playing styles
um with that analysis and so i would love to see more of that i would like nature which a chicklets broadcast for one of the pwta games that would be
so fun yeah but we'd want to do it bravo style where we're in the room with you girls like
chirping at the other yeah you want all the tea i want all the tea that's what i want there you go
so i know you're involved with the cba like what kind of issues did you like kind of really have
to fight for or change from previous ones? Boardroom. Nursery.
Boardroom battler. Banging tables.
Banging tables.
Boardroom battler.
We want more.
Yeah.
I think the biggest thing was with the CBA,
we wanted to establish a set of guidelines
that we could agree on as players and employees
and the league, who is our employer,
so that there was no wishy-washy gray area.
Like, this is what's happening.
This is what we want.
This is what you want. This is what you want.
This is what's going to be.
And so there were some battles for certain things.
And there are certain things that have the opportunity to be reopened in the future.
Like we wanted to talk about revenue sharing.
And when you have an investor that's bringing in hundreds of millions of dollars,
the revenue share window is kind of closed at this moment and it's
going to be reopened in the future um we talked about like name image and likeness which is such
a hot topic right now ncaa and things like that and they the ownership group in the league they've
been super creative and innovative and so they had a lot of ideas about uh player name image and
likeness and who owns those rights and who shares those rights. And so we had some battles about that. And so it definitely got heated in that boardroom.
Because players in the NHL don't make money on their jersey sales, right?
It's a pool, I think.
It's a pooled revenue, right?
It goes towards HHR?
No, it's HRR.
HRR?
Yeah.
That's the shitty car.
Okay, so all the merch ends up being pooled.
That looks like a hearse.
It's pooled, and then I think it's dispersed.
Okay.
Isn't that right?
I don't know.
We're just guessing.
We're just guessing.
We are literally just making this up.
We don't know anything.
We have to make it all whole, and then that's why the players have to pay.
Okay.
Okay.
To make up for other things.
That's why they got Bieber making jerseys.
There you go.
Yeah.
There you go.
Yeah.
I know you're only 29, like we said earlier,
but you're probably one of the eldest stateswomen
in the game in Canada. Has it almost gone by in a blur?
I mean, I remember you first in the scene, and it feels like,
wow, I already approaching 30, not to put
any more pressure on you. It just turned 29.
Yeah, come on. Are you kidding?
Are you kidding?
Well, thanks for coming, sir.
See ya.
No, it's kind of crazy to have the younger ones,
I'll say, coming up and like look up to me.
Yeah.
Because I've been one of the ones
who have been out there and a little bit more prominent.
I don't necessarily think of it that way,
but to have, I play with a girl, Maggie Connors in Toronto,
and to say like, she was like,
no, you were one of the players that I looked up to.
That's awesome.
I was, it like blows my mind a little bit.
And so, because that was like a Natalie Spooner or a Marie-Philippe Poulin for me and so to think of me playing with those
girls now is it blows my mind and I'm only 29 and you said you said like the biggest strength of
your game is has been skating like we ask players often like what is there something you're looking
to add to your game right now yeah I would say would say it was skating. I was. Oh, you slipped down a little.
29, 29.
I was really good at skating.
I found it hard to bend my knees as I got older.
That's what I'm saying.
No, I think for me, I pride myself being very versatile.
So I think that I can play in a lot of situations.
And I'm very adaptable to who I'm playing with.
So if you want to put me up, if you want to put me down the lineup,
it's not the best thing to be on the fourth line.
I'm never the happiest, but I will play that role
and I will play to the best of my ability.
And so for me, what I'm looking for now
is I can get to the net, I just got to finish.
And I want to work on those small area little plays
because I think I'm super athletic.
And when I just play a direct game,
it ends up working out for me.
In the summer, are you same as like men's pro where you're working out morning on the ice in the
afternoon like are you training with guys around or is it all women we do no we have our uh pro
group of women um and we train with the guys so there's like Taylor Radish there um Darren as well
Mitch Marner's there and so we train in conjunction with those guys.
And it's great because we have like an awesome rapport with them.
Like T scored his first goal.
I think it was against Toronto this year.
And we're all like, oh my God, T, like that's crazy.
And so it was just, it was a lot of fun to be there with them
and them kind of see us go through this journey in this process.
Because it's been hard for them.
Like they don't really understand what's going on. And so they've been able to get to know us and and how
we're doing well it's awesome and and it's very exciting i think like not only for us but it's
just cool to see how many younger girls where i live are so into hockey and how much you know i
know dads with daughters who play and this league started they're bringing them to games in boston
they're looking to travel and see games.
It's just,
it's cool to see the one direction finally,
or everything be in one direction in one spot.
So happy for you.
We never,
we never asked you about playing in college in Wisconsin.
Oh God.
I heard that.
What's that bar there?
The KK?
The KK and the college club.
Was the men's team any good when you were there?
They won the big 10 championship my freshman year
and then they sucked yeah so bad so you guys took the reins there you guys were you guys
yeah they had a trail of college hockey holy trinity setup and everything right like the
whole you have your own rank your own rank oh you don't play at the cole center they have their own
they built us their own rank was that how many national titles when you were there? Guys, I got zero.
Oh, shit.
That's like the little known fact about me because I was like, how many did you win?
No, I went to the Frozen Four four times.
No.
Lost in the national championship.
How many times did you lose in the national championship?
Twice?
Hey, so me and you have no national titles.
And we've never had a real job.
So there you go.
We have more in common than I thought.
That is wild. I know. Three conferences you go. We have more in common than I thought. That is wild.
I know.
Three conferences though.
You get the conference title.
We've had this conversation a lot recently about maybe the state of Canadian hockey and more so compared to US.
Do you find that it's maybe too expensive and the resources aren't as available to kids coming up in Canada as maybe they are in the United States.
And as far as like the high-end development of going to like the U.S. program,
like you think that Canada is maybe on a, I don't know,
rescinding a little bit compared to America as far as hockey is concerned?
Yes and no.
Because as you mentioned, like the development programs in the U.S.
start at like 10 years old, right?
Even younger. mentioned like the development programs in the u.s start at like 10 years old right like even
younger they do those like specialized camps for kids that are very good at a super young age and
so you're getting exposed to other players who are very good at 10 years old whereas in canada
that wasn't necessarily the case like i never played against players who are really good it
was like 16 i was never in the same room. And so yes and no in that essence,
because I just don't think there's that funnelized,
that's definitely not English, approach.
Wisconsin, yeah.
We're the ivy of the Midwest at Wisconsin, thank you.
That's good.
Yeah, right there.
I went to
I went to Davenport University
it was in a portable
so I feel you
I feel you
I feel you
anything about playing
at American College
that caught you off guard
like you weren't expecting
maybe the atmosphere
or just the way
things the locker room
dynamics or anything
they call it breezers
they call pants breezers
that's a Midwest
yeah
is that a Midwest thing
I was like that's not a thing that's not midwest yeah okay is that a midwest i was like
that's not a thing that's what you call the i like funnel eyes better than that
what do you call the pink thing on the bottom of the skates there that holds a steel a tuck
yes what do you call it i call well i i used to say toque then i realized that was a hat
that's a canadian hat yeah i i don't even know like where that came from but i think it's just
us mispronouncing that could be just you yeah exactly nursey i want to ask you about like
obviously we talked you're you've done tv you're playing you've now launched this thing and really
helped it obviously in the boardrooms and everything and negotiations get it off the ground
um and i know it's a long ways away but with all that experience
of doing all of that like and a college degree what are you funnelizing yourself towards maybe
in your career with like a snapshot because they always ask us yeah and now i can ask you this what
are you going to do when you're done and hockey players always say i don't know i'm just playing
the game and yeah you know have you thought about that now that you have all these kind of experiences that you've been able to do?
You just turned 29.
I know.
I did just turn 29.
Started my professional career one month ago.
But no, I have a lot of different interests and I do love TV.
I have a lot of fun.
And so I'd love to explore that. But I actually think, I don't think my skillset lends me to coaching or anything like
that. But I would love to be in an ownership position or that type of thing.
Yeah, that type of thing.
Not like you got that feel like when you're negotiating, you're at the table, you were
working them to get this thing
going. You kind of worked your chops in that area that you went, hey, I can do this. I got this.
Yeah. And I'm very interested in the business side of sports. We've never had to deal with
salaries or salary caps or contracts or things like that. And so that has sparked something in
me that I'm like, oh, this is a cool side of hockey. And so I think that could be a possible
path. What would a franchise tag be for a team in your
league?
Like for, I know it's the original six right now,
but have you guys talked expansion yet?
What would be the tag, you know?
Yeah.
Because we would be interested in maybe.
Yeah.
Having a team.
Well, because we've been trying for the team in
every league.
Yeah, honestly.
We've been trying for the ECHL, but we're getting
pigeon tossed right now by Colorado Springs.
But I feel like it's just a growing sport and there's so much runway. Yeah. I think that they'll probably have some sort of
valuations towards the end of the season, but we are centrally owned right now by our ownership
group, the Walter Group. And I know that we talked to so many markets, like obviously we're very
concentrated in the Northeast right now, but there've been so much interest in the West, like
Seattle, LA, like Vancouver, there's been so much interest in the west like seattle la like vancouver there's been so much interest and so i totally see eventual expansion
out there do the women have uh agents yes you guys all have agents okay that's something i could see
you you getting into maybe super i don't like that no really no i would i would hate no desire for
that no none i take it back none you're. How's the travel with your guys' stuff?
How's that been set up?
I'm sure it was all negotiated so that it was comfortable and made everyone happy.
For sure.
What's that like?
So no driving over six hours, or I believe it's 400 miles.
So basically, us in Toronto, we drive to Ottawatawa montreal we fly to boston new york and
minnesota yeah and the travel has actually been it's been as good as it can be but it's been a
little trickier than i thought i mean like if you think of the maple leafs going to play the rangers
their travel probably their travel with the game probably takes like what a day of their lives
and it's fun and it's fun it's easy easy. You know, you're not going through TSA.
No, not at all.
And so for us, it's like we show up on Monday,
show up at the airport at 11,
get on our plane at 3,
fly into Connecticut,
play in Connecticut the next day,
and then we don't get home until the Wednesday.
And so it just takes up a lot of time.
You're never leaving after the game.
No, you're never.
There's no flights, right?
You can't get a commercial flight at 1130, midnight one.
And so I think that's been the tough thing is just our travel to New York should take a day.
And it.
So as far as resources, Gary should be providing PJs for planes.
I said, I've been trying to get private planes for us for years.
And that's going to be my legacy.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to figure out how to get us PJs.
It'll be a propeller plane.
Exactly.
Air nurse.
I will be flying the girls to their games.
If you know anyone.
Chicklets air.
Morales just doesn't remember any of those things.
This has been unbelievable.
We appreciate your time.
I don't know if there was anything else you had to ask, R.A., but...
No, I think we're good.
Yeah, I think we're good, though.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Good luck.
Thank you.
And let me know about that franchise tag.
100.
You'll be the first to know.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at Body Armor.
Spittin' Chickens is brought to you by Body Armor Zero Sugar.
Body Armor Zero Sugar is a new zero sugar sports drink from our friends at Body Armor
with no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
Whether you're looking to stay hydrated or recovering from a long weekend,
Body Armor Zero Sugar has got you covered. Body Armor Zero Sugar has great taste and flavors like
Fruit Punch, Lemon Lime. My favorite right now is Fruit Punch. They sent the,
well, they sent the bunch my way. So good. Especially a guy like me, get a little older,
need to stay hydrated all the time. Can't beat this stuff right here. Whether you're planning
a wedding, doing a podcast, working out, whatever, late night recordings, this stuff, boom,
unbelievable rehydration. You need to get some. G, have you tried this stuff yet?
I drink it every single day, R.A. I can't get enough of it. I'd say my favorite is the
cherry lime. I love the cherry lime. It goes down amazing. I'm a big cherry guy too. Cherry
flavor is my go-to.
Body armor, zero sugar. You can't
beat it. And the best part, too, are the vitamins.
Old guy like me, sometimes we don't get the vitamins
we need, so you take a look. Everything, 100, 100,
100. So you get rehydrated and a bunch of
vitamins. It's great stuff, and it is available
in stores nationwide, but you can
head on over to the Body Armor store on Amazon right
now and get yours today.
Big thanks for Sarah for jumping on with us.
Great player, great kid, man.
And Joy, what a personality she got, Piz.
Like, she's the type of face you wish you had, like,
NHL guys that show this much personality
in interviews sometimes, you know?
She's not shy about growing the game,
and it's great what she's been doing for Canadian hockey
and, you know, the women's pro game as well.
Oh, just incredible energy and a great ambassador
for women's hockey. And,
and we wish her all the best on the Toronto squad.
I did forget to ask her in the midst of the interview,
if,
if girls on the team had given suggestions as to what they should name the
team.
Like,
I don't know.
I don't know what they plan on doing,
but none of the teams in the league as it sits right now have names.
It's all just the names of the city.
So I like how they're
taking their time and not just rushing it and
waiting until they find something that actually is
like something that's going to pop
and move jerseys and
so on and so forth. So I'm interested
to see what they come up with.
Absolutely. Another winter classic
on the horizon, the Blackhawks.
Once again, I know people are probably sick of that, but they
actually haven't played the most winter classics,
contrary to popular belief.
They're going to host the St. Louis Blues
in the 16th winter classic, January 1st, 2025,
at Wrigley Field.
It'll be the Hawks' fifth winter classic.
Their third time hosting,
and they've yet to win a winter classic.
It'll be the third for the St. Louis Blues.
They had two and 0 in winter classics.
Boys, I don't know if we're going to get the Chicago...
The Bruins, actually. Oh, really? Yeah. I thought Detroit would have had the St. Louis Blues. They had 2-0 with the Classics. Boys, I don't know if we're going to get the Chicago. The Bruins, actually.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I thought Detroit would have had the most.
They're probably up there, too, with 3 or 4.
I don't really understand the frustration.
I mean, I guess people are just sick of seeing the Blackhawks in these games.
But when you're talking about an original six team with one of the top TV markets,
with one of the top young players to ever come into the league.
It's kind of a no brainer.
Now,
Chicago probably won't be great next season either.
I mean,
there's a chance they end up winning the lottery and getting Celebrini this
year from BU.
And if that happens,
that's when you'll see fans around the league explode.
If Chicago gets another first overall pick,
I'm hoping he goes back to BU for one year.
We'll see what happens there.
But man,
Wrigley field is a crazy good place to have this.
I look at, like, awesome venues for it.
And we've mentioned a bunch.
And I wasn't in Seattle this year.
But you guys talked how great that was.
I know that was a different spot.
But this is for the people going to the game.
Okay?
This is for the people that are in attendance in person and experience the festivities and everything that goes with it.
This is for the people that are in attendance in person and experience the festivities and everything that goes with it. And Wrigley Field is this amazing old school baseball stadium that is in an awesome city with a great young talent that they want to expose to the entire country and league.
So I understand it completely.
If you're disgusted by it, I'm sorry your team isn't more of a big market type team.
I know your team may be better and you may be really itching to get an outdoor game,
but I just look at it like it makes sense
because it's Bedard and it's the Blackhawks
and it's Wrigley Stadium or Wrigley Field,
whatever it's called.
So I'm down with it.
I don't know what else to say.
I guess I would maybe argue that it would be,
hopefully, a team a little more exciting than the Blues.
No offense to them.
They've had a great run,
especially since the coaching change.
They've been on fire.
I think they probably try to do it
so people can travel and drive in.
Yeah, true.
And it's pretty much a guaranteed sellout.
Not saying it wouldn't be anyway
because of the way the Bears are
But to get as many visiting team fans as you can?
Yeah.
I think logistically,
a lot of people would be able to drive in for it.
And I mean,
I've been to both the football stadium version and the baseball.
And surprisingly, I like the baseball stadiums better.
I don't think that's surprising.
Yeah, well, we did it at Fenway in Boston.
Then I actually went to watch the Boston-Chicago one that they had at Notre Dame Stadium.
Oh, yeah, we were at that one.
We were sitting so high up.
I didn't like that one.
I just think you get better.
It's hard to see no matter where you're at outside, football or baseball,
but baseball, you're just closer to the action.
Agreed.
Actually, Chicago and Boston have both been in four.
So when Chicago plays next year, they'll take the lead in five winter classics altogether.
Washington's
Evgeny, because that's offended the player assistance
program. We just want to send along our best wishes.
We hate to see guys have to go that route,
but whatever he's dealing with, we just want
to pass our good tidings along to him.
A couple suspensions as well since the last
time we met. Brendan Dillon, he got
three games for an illegal check to the head of
Noah Chari. He got a match penalty.
He was ejected as well.
Nikita Zdorov, actually a couple of Chicklets
alumni here. He got two games for
an illegal check to the head of Detroit's Lucas
Raymond. Also got a match penalty ejection.
Any dispute
with the suspension? They're right on target
more or less? The Zdorov
one made sense, right? He's cutting across the
middle. He gets shouldered ahead. And same for Dillon. The Dillon one, the argument is more or less uh the zadorov one made sense right he's cutting across the middle all on it he gets
you know shouldered ahead and same for dylan the dylan one the argument is like i think achari had
his head down from blue line to blue line and so there's not much onus i guess on the player and
protecting himself getting his head up and seeing what's coming like if dylan had just gone
shouldered to chest that's one of the best hits we've seen this year. I mean, he stepped up perfectly, lined him up.
Yeah, I guess I don't know why he gets an extra game compared to Zdorov.
Like, that one to me would seem pretty similar in terms of two games each.
The one with Achari, though, it was just jolting to see his helmet pop off like that.
Maybe that's what got him the extra game is the helmet going 20 feet in the air.
But I know it was very close to being the perfect body check.
And unfortunately, he got a little too high.
But sometimes it's like I think Ray Ferraro tweeted, like, you got to pick your head up.
And Achari's a tough guy.
I mean, he was able to get up from that and somehow be OK.
I don't really know how.
It looked like it could have killed someone.
But you got to just pick your head up a little bit.
See where guys are out there.
Know who's on the ice.
And that's what happens if you skate that long in an NHL game
and don't lift your head up once.
I think he lost the puck a little bit at the beginning,
and maybe that's why he looked down and kept his head down.
But that was a vicious hit.
Yeah, shout out to the guys who don't have to look down
when they stick handle, man.
That must be a hell of an experience.
Big time talent.
I bet the height difference probably was a factor, too, as well. Brendan's a lot taller than Jerry, man. That must be a hell of an experience. Big time. Big time talent. I bet the height difference probably was a factor, too, as well.
Brendan's a lot taller than a charity, too.
I'm sure that was a factor. But, boys,
we just talked about Zdorov, Vancouver Canuck.
We got one of his teammates, Brock Besser.
Wait, this guy's a smooth criminal,
huh? He's like the blonde hair, the
fucking... He's just like a cool cat.
He was wicked chill. Yeah, he was chill.
He wants to sit on the boat in the summer, do a little fishing, slam back a few beers,
maybe a little country music.
Rock bester.
Looking good while doing it.
And in terms of the interview, we really appreciate him coming on.
We didn't go into depth of him losing his dad and what he had to go through.
He mentions it real quickly, but we didn't really want to bring that up.
It was All-Star weekend.
It was an exciting time for him, So that doesn't really come up.
But we got to just hear his motivation going into this season
and what's been going right for him.
So thanks a lot to Brock Besser for joining us.
And here he is.
All right, before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at True Classic Tees.
With the new year in full swing, gang,
True Classics active wear shirts and shorts are your go-to for making moves.
This shirt right here, put it on the day.
Super comfy stuff.
Gee, I know you got some of the wear, too, as well.
Yeah, I'm wearing this sweatshirt right now.
They gave me some sweatpants, too.
They actually gave me a nice Henley long sleeve.
Tons of t-shirts.
I'm always struggling to find good, I don't want to say undershirts, but I like to layer my clothes.
You know, you wear a button- down with a white shirt underneath it. They sent me a bunch of white
tees. So, so needed. So yeah, it's helped me out a bunch. I absolutely love True Classic,
especially because of how comfortable it is, how well fitting it is. When you wash it,
it stays true to form. So I'm a huge, huge True Classics guy.
Absolutely. I'm the same. Things aren't always easy to find for a guy like me in my shape,
but the activewear, crudex, unbelievable moisture wicking,
odor control, quick dry, antimicrobial finish, maximum comfort.
That's the thing.
It's like I'm wearing nothing at all.
Valentine's Day date, no problem.
Dress for success with True Classics button-ups and chino pants
that stretch to make you look good.
And the best part is that True Class Classic sells premium products at an affordable price.
You get their best-selling t-shirts, hoodies, jeans, and more in three, six, and nine packs.
In True Classic fashion, they have re-engineered outerwear for men.
You can never have too much outerwear, especially wintertime.
And True Classic also offers stylish and comfortable outerwear ranges from lightweight puffer jackets
to cashmere sweaters, fleece jackets, and bomber jackets.
They're not too bulky or too tight.
Perfect for wearing with your favorite True Classic products.
All right.
I will say, too, I will say the boxers, 10 out of 10.
10 out of 10 boxers.
You got to try them if you have them.
Oh, they're in the package there.
I got to bust them out because these old school ones, you know, you see my itch and proud were on the road.
I got to take care of that.
Not going to happen with this stuff, though.
I'll tell you that.
Not too bulky, not too tight.
Perfect for wearing your favorite True Classic products.
Again, the beading and scarf, you're all set.
So if you're ready to upgrade your closet,
shop now with my exclusive link at trueclassic.com slash chicklets
and save up to 25 on your first order.
No matter how you move, make 2024 your most comfortable year yet
with True Classic.
All right, we left.
No, we're keeping that.
We're keeping that.
We're keeping that, R.A.
We got Brock Besser.
We got Brock Besser.
Here we go.
We'd like to bring on our next guest.
This 26-year-old forward from Minnesota
was taken 23rd overall by Vancouver
at the 2015 NHL Draft.
He was named to the 2018 All-Rookie Team
and was the All-Star Game MVP
in his first appearance.
Currently in his eighth season already as a Canuck,
he set a career high with 30 goals
and still has 33 games to go.
It's great to welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast, Brock Bessa.
Congratulations on the All-Star.
I nod, my friend.
Yeah, thank you.
I appreciate it.
Thanks for having me.
Where do you think your boy Bubl got his mushrooms?
This guy right here.
I thought he got them from you.
I like the mushrooms too.
I don't know if I'd be doing them before I went to an NHL skills comp. I'm pretty sure you'd be doing them. I don't know if I'd be doing them before I went
to an NHL skills comp or before I had to get
in the podium.
I'm pretty sure you'd be doing them.
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I think you're doing them for TNT.
I will say my first experience doing mushrooms
was at Bonnaroo and it was through Choclair.
And it was given to me by, it was Upshaw and
Lupo.
And they said they only eat about one fourth
of it.
So I ate about one fourth of it, you know,
started going about 45 minutes later.
I didn't feel shit.
So I'm like, ah, fuck this.
I grabbed the rest of it, threw it down the
hatch.
And then one of them came up and was like,
Hey, somebody else is going to grab a nibble
off that one.
Can we get it back?
And I was like, oh, I wasn't feeling anything.
So I just downed it.
And they're like, ah, probably a little bit
too much for your first time.
And then fuck the anxiety went along with the drugs and then i was done i was in a i was in a camper for two hours
looking at the wall kind of like playing in vancouver when it isn't going good hey
amen oh sorry vancouver fans normal hey but it can't be a difficult place to play but this year must be so awesome right now
with the mojo you guys got going oh it's been a blast um obviously it's been the most fun that
i've had in my seven eight years there and um you know just getting the thing finally going i think
we've talked about it for years that we can be a team that can make the playoffs and now that we're
finally playing this type of hockey, it's been a blast.
When Tau came in last year,
was it pretty cool just to see how he is with the guys?
I mean, I think having played the way he did as long as he did,
you just have this automatic respect for him.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah, I think we all knew kind of the type of guy
we were getting.
And I think we didn't realize how detailed he would be.
He was very detailed and kind
of right off the bat we he kept talking about this standard and we didn't really have a standard to
kind of base our game off of and he came in and he really wanted us to create a standard and um
you know at the end of last season he talked to all the guys returning and really wanted us to
have a big summer and come back early and try and create the standard and i feel like we've done a good job of that and um you know talk and the whole coaching staff's been great to us
i i think you guys like i think that happened fast hey i feel like anyway how much yes it's
talk he has to give you something but the buy-in from from the guys in there you guys there's lots
of guys on your team swirled there's room you. You're in rumors. Oh yeah. Rumor place. That's always, that's always fun.
Yeah.
Best.
We're creating half of them,
but I want to like with all that kind of stuff
swirling around your team and the coaches gave
you like a template and you guys had to buy in.
Right.
So a lot to do with,
with the group you guys have to.
For sure.
Yeah.
I think just a commitment from everyone.
I think we had everyone there like three weeks,
two,
three weeks before camp started and we had our skills coach out there we were skating together and um just
seeing that i think and you know quinn showed up as the new captain and he was really pushing the
pace and um he was trying to get a scrimmaging and going all out right away so it was uh it was
cool to see and i don't think we really had that buy-in before. And I think everyone's just committed and we got
such a great group of guys.
So, um, yeah, it's been going well.
So when you say like, uh, you didn't realize he
was so detailed about the game and talk, like
obviously I worked with him at TNT and you could
see him buying this, like, you know, between
periods we watch and he'll be like shaking his
head every time there's a goal.
Cause he'll see the breakdown as opposed to
like the skilled play of it.
Yeah. Like what are some examples of things that he had to come into
fine-tune to really like improve your guys game especially from like a defensive standpoint yeah
for sure um you know i think he's very you know one of the big things at least for me and you know
i think he talks about a lot is body positioning he's big on body positioning and you know getting
into guys and um you know not
worrying about the puck and and just uh you know taking their body and then worry about the puck
um you know just say some other things is just like um like he gets on the ice before everyone
like he's always like the first guy on the ice like you just see him come grab like a fucking hand oh excuse my french oh no you can't you can pretty much grab a handful of gum throw it in his pocket and walk
out and no one's on the ice yeah and everyone's like i gotta get going yeah so then like he works
with every single guy whoever it is he doesn't care where you are in the lineup he goes out there
and he's one of the first guys on the ice grabbing guys and doing extra drills with them before
practice so it's it's awesome so that was one of the things like i was talking to him not too much right because he's you
know it's it's a stressful job dealing with the media there of course trying to get your group
to where they're at but like he mentioned that he tries to go out and talk to at least a few guys
every day even just a conversation for if it's five ten minutes so like how important is that
to you guys as a team and did he grab you early on and come up and talk to you about your game
and then even life in general?
Yeah, yeah.
He, I think after like one of the first games because he came in,
I think we had a game pretty fast.
Right after that, he talked to me and just pulled me aside
and just kind of, he was just trying to get to know everyone, I think.
And he didn't know much about me, he said,
but he's best boys with Travis Green, our old coach. just trying to get to know everyone i think and uh he didn't know much about me he said but um he was
he's best boys with travis green our old coach so uh greener gave him some intel but um yeah he's
he's always skating around talking to guys and i think that makes you know everyone feel special
and you know feel like they have a spot um with talk so i think that helps along with the fact
that like all the other guys he brought in too like footy i mean you guys have yo there a gonchar is around the sidines are around like how much of an impact having all
those legends around and kind of helping you guys establish this winning culture yeah i think it's
been huge and they've all been great you know gonch uh is there for a couple weeks then he
leaves for a couple weeks so we always give him some shit about that but um you know footy's been
great back there they work they work those two work so closely with the d and they always come
in you know between every intermission and talk with the d about you know just i think little
details they whisper so we have no idea what they're going on they could just be blaming the
forwards for everything yeah for sure for sure those scumbags oh yeah for sure yeah so um i mean
you you anytime you're on the ice in practice,
like if you want to work on something after or before,
there's all those guys.
You can go to anywhere.
Yeah, yeah, you can pick whoever you want.
Which Hall of Famer am I going to pick?
Yeah, exactly.
It's great.
Is Mike Yo running the power play?
No, Toc is.
Toc is, really?
Yeah, well, Toc has the first unit.
Siddin's has the second unit.
Okay, so Toc's, I mean, this power play this year, it's crazy.
Like, there's obviously, like, you guys have crazy puck movement.
You're always bouncing around.
You're finding that empty area in the slot.
So was that an enormous thing in camp?
Like, let's get a power play that's just buzzing this year
because you have five guys that should be scoring at a pretty legit rate.
Yeah, I think we've, at least four of us have been together a while,
me, Melzie, melzy p and huggy
so we uh i think we work well together and obviously uh we had koozie there but now um i'm
not sure what's gonna what the power play setup is gonna be but yeah i think talk uh came in and
he's big on movement and you know if things are getting stale just someone start moving and then
kind of read off that so it's been good we went
through a little slump here but i think we started to pick it up again because the thing is about like
expectations going into this year talk you know mentioning the standard but until the season
starts there's always a little doubt so then for that opening night game oh just to wax my oilers
but that must have meant a lot and obviously and then you come back and you beat them again so it's
like all right boys like we're buying in and we're seeing results so it just like
shoots everything off quicker and what'd you have that night three or four four oh my oh just four
just pull the monkey right off the back
my sole one from milsy yeah no one knows that yeah i stole a few mic just ask the answer yeah i get those i got my stick on it
yeah but no i was um yeah i mean i think it just meant a lot to our group to show that the hard
work paid off like for getting there early we had a really good camp i think that we push the pace
hard and um actually i didn't think we were i don't think we won a ton of preseason games.
Oh, really?
Yeah, so then we were like,
all right, we better get dialed in here.
But yeah, I think just getting that result
and then beating them again.
At the start of that,
we had, I think, a six-game road trip
was big for our group.
And yeah, I just, that was a fun game.
What's the method to your madness?
Was it a big summer
of training while you've had this incredible start to the season I mean sometimes it's a
goal score it's just like when you get in the right rhythm it's more of just like a mental
thing right for sure yeah I think um yeah just like being in a good headspace mentally I felt
really motivated and driven this this past summer of uh just kind of getting back to my game and and you know loving the game and
and stuff so I think I kind of last year was kind of like a motivation thing it was hard to come to
the rink sometimes and really you know just be there and work hard and just from some of the
stuff that I've gone through so yeah I think just that like a clear headspace and that's kind of
what I told Patrick Alvin.
I met with him at the end of last year and I just
kind of told him like, I feel good again.
Like I feel motivated.
I feel like I found the love again.
So that's kind of what I told him for the reason
why I wanted to stay.
So then I went home, had a good summer of training
and things have gone well so far.
We've, we've had lots of guys on, even McKinnon
was open about it and working with like a mental
coach.
Did you end up having to work with anybody off
the ice in order to help get you back in that
mindset?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've worked with, uh, yeah, a mental coach, life
coach for probably like a year and a half now.
So yeah, we were working through it all last
season too.
So it was, uh, you know, I was very thankful for
him last year.
And it takes time.
It's not going to be an immediate like fix. So you see after last year and it takes time it's not gonna be
an immediate like fix so you see after a year it's like all right now i'm starting to feel like
myself again yeah for sure i think it's just uh really focusing you know on little things over
time and trying to get back to the right mindset and um yeah obviously just you know i lost my dad
so i'm just dealing with that just trying to figure out how to cope with that. So he's, uh,
yeah,
my coach has helped me through a lot.
After you're going through that,
I got to imagine like this year feels pretty fucking good.
Yeah.
Buddy,
like coming out of that,
like battling through that,
like all the people that helped you,
uh,
your family,
everybody,
teammates,
I'm sure.
And like to,
to be like reward or you're being rewarded.
Obviously you're fucking pretty good player, but it's like come through that and what you're being rewarded obviously you're fucking pretty good
player but it's like to come through that and what you're dealing with this year is just unreal hey
yeah i think i've always had that belief in me that i can score a lot of goals in this league
and even though i haven't over the past three four years or whatever it's been i've always had that
belief deep inside me and to finally do it and finally get over 30 can um yeah shut the
vancouver media up for a little bit it's like a career year buddy you're you're already
everywhere yeah they can get a little negative but it's so good that you guys have had a good
start we don't really have to focus on that right all right absolutely uh regarding quinn uh you
ever play with a defenseman anywhere near his level? Does he just make you kind of shake your head every day in practice?
You guys call him Huggy?
Huggy, yeah.
That's his name?
Yeah.
Why is that?
Like just Hughes, Huggy?
Hughes, Huggy.
You've got H-U-G in the first three letters.
They just did the hockey player thing, Busy.
We're going to let them rip on me.
You guys fucking done here?
Yeah.
It wasn't that stupid of a question, was it?
No, no, no.
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
I was wondering too. Sorry. i mean it's uh i don't think i've ever played with a d like quinn
but um you know just the things he can do in a game is pretty insane like when he's power turning
or spinorama at the blue line when there's no one else back so it's like what are you doing but then he it works yeah he walks the guy and then he has a two on one or four and three or whatever it is
going to the net and scores or snipes and you're like all right whatever it's like a video game
yeah it's crazy or even like even like in the neutral zone if he gets a puck and gets a guy
on his back it's just one power turn and he's gone he's gone yeah or he does a little ankle break the blue line he's painting in the corner you think he's done in
two strides he's out of there yeah sometimes he does a little too much so we get on him but yeah
it's all right yeah i like i like kind of going back to the beginning right minnesota kid and
like just grow up loving the game right right away i don't know if you were really good right
away was it something that you just took a passion to right off the get-go yeah i think i had a hockey stick in my hand before i could remember
um my cousin played college hockey wisconsin i think i was pretty young for that so i always
would go there and i had family looking up to him yeah oh yeah so big big wisconsin guy um i was
actually committed there at one point and then i decode and that's when i
got a bag from north dakota yeah they probably put his just a duffel bag on his front door
i mean but no discussion to go to minnesota a lot of minnesota kids that was never even
it was wisconsin then north dakota there was yeah i was in your life yeah i i mean because my cousin
played wisconsin i hated the gophers okay i love that i went on a visit there two different times i tried to see
if i could like it i just couldn't do it two different visits yeah nope you wanted to go to
fargo grand ford grand ford yeah even better what you you went there and you just you feel like you
just didn't gel there like what was it minnesota well to be
honest my sophomore year of high school we were going on a visit and we were sitting in the
parking lot and we got up we called them they're like hey where are you and they're like oh we got
to reschedule so i was toppling off the bed yeah buddy i'm i wasn't good it's over this is over
so that wasn't good, but. Holy shit.
But they also like, you know, there's some other factors. Like they have Olympic size rink.
I think they just changed it.
Yeah.
It was huge.
Yeah, it was huge.
Like I wanted to go somewhere where I could develop and, you know,
try and get ready for the NHL.
For real hockey.
Skating's not exactly your like biggest strong.
No, absolutely not.
Get me off the edge.
Absolutely not.
We actually had a guy on recently.
I forget who it was, but they said, hey, we're going to commit to you.
And we're also going to commit to this other guy.
We need you to drive him and his family down for the recruiting trip.
So he ended up driving this kid and six hours they went.
And when they got there, the kid got in the room and they're like, yeah,
we're not going to commit to you, but thanks for driving the other kid who they committed to.
It was Ducord.
Oh, yeah.
Going to Seattle.
They're like, hey, come up.
We got a scholarship for you.
Drive these other two kids up.
And they offered the other two full rides.
And they were like, sorry.
We weren't allowed to name the school because he didn't want to.
But how gutless is that?
At least you didn't get that job.
That's crazy. Yeah, yeah. Did you get a chance a chance like minnesota high school hockey tournament it's it's
so cool we've talked a lot about you play for your town in minnesota like it's all travel and
different in massachusetts at least but we want to get out to that that high school tournament at
some point you got it did you make it to the oh you never got to the big never made it yeah we
always had to play dinah and and they were always a wagon.
Dinah, that's the one I hear about all the time there.
I see it always, all the clips of them.
Yeah, they're solid, hey?
Yeah, they're solid.
We still have the hair.
You still have the hair from that tournament, hey, buddy?
Got the hockey hair from that.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
I don't look good with short hair, so we'll keep it with long.
So you went to North Dakota.
The facilities, the way they handle their business there,
I'm sure you guys are flying to games.
You got your own fucking dialed-in bus.
Basically, I feel like you're playing in the NHL
before you get to the NHL.
Yeah.
I think when I decommitted and I was in Waterloo at the time,
I started visiting some schools again.
And Dave Hacksaw, I'm not sure if this was legal or not,
but he flew down and saw me in Waterloo for 45 minutes at like a Starbucks and then flew back to Grand Forks.
So you're like, this guy wants me.
Yeah, yeah.
So then I was like, oh, that's sweet.
I went on a visit there.
I've never been there before.
And it was a Thanksgiving weekend series.
And it was sold out with no students there.
And I was like, what is this place?
Oh, yeah, because they're all back home.
Yeah.
Oh, they love hockey there, though, hey?
But I never knew anything about the Ralph.
Like, I had no idea what I was walking into.
Like, Two Gate Airport, assistant coach picks me up.
I'm like, where are you?
Where am I?
Yeah.
All hunters.
Then you go to the fucking Pajero.
Yeah, yeah.
This is kind of a strip mall. Yeah, and I'm like, what fucking Pajero. Yeah, yeah. This is kind of, you strip them all.
Yeah, and I'm like, what is going on?
And then, yeah, I don't know.
I just kind of fell in love with the place.
Why did you, sorry, Biz, why did you decommit from Wisconsin?
They were struggling a little bit.
Yeah, they were struggling, I think.
No offense to them, like it was my dream school,
but yeah, they only had a few wins,
and it wasn't looking too hot there.
I think they fired a couple coaches and stuff so
yeah this wasn't the time so hackstall looks like a pretty intense guy i don't think his maybe first
run around with the flyers went that great but seattle guys seemed to love him i didn't have
hack though so he recruited me and then he signed to go to the pro to philly i think okay and then
so then brad berry took over so hack recruited me but then i didn't have like
just from the short time that 45 minutes what did he say to you for you to be like yes i want to go
to north dakota i think he just yeah like he's just a guy that like he cared he like cared to
get to know me and then um you know he kind of talked about the hockey and you know where i'd
fit in and then like how you can develop as a player just kind of you know everything they have with their gym and you can go skate whenever you want you
can turn the lights on if you want to go skate so it was uh I don't know he's just uh he's really
great to my family and my parents up uh on a visit just just them and oh without you there yeah
without me there and hosted them and so he was was just really great. And yeah. That's a hockey school though, right?
Like you're there.
And if anyone's never been there, like you said,
there's not much there.
I've driven through there a bunch of times heading home.
But you're going there because you love hockey.
You want to play hockey.
It's all hockey, right?
Yeah.
Straight hockey.
Did you have any like panic when Hackstall left to turn pro?
You're like, well, I signed to be with this guy.
I don't know.
Do I still want to go there?
Or were you already kind of all bought in on being there?
Yeah, I was all bought in.
Part of the reason I committed there is because I was comfortable
with all the coaches.
So they all did a good job.
They all took different turns on coming to watch me play
when I was in Waterloo.
So I got to know Brad Berry.
I got to know Dane Jackson.
And then I just kind of assumed one of them was going to take over, so I was in Waterloo. So I got to know Bradbury. I got to know Dane Jackson. And then just kind of assumed one of them was going to take over.
So I was still comfortable.
I got a letter from North Dakota back in the day.
Did you?
You couldn't even have got in there. I got a letter, but.
But then I found out like everyone got a letter from North Dakota.
He's just like, I didn't.
No, you were way over there.
I never even took my SATs.
They were hunting down Sasky boys. Brock, what's this thing called? The altitude room you guys have at, well, at North Dakota. Yeah were way over there. I never even took my SATs. They were hunting up Sasky boys.
Brock, what's this thing called, the altitude room you guys have at,
well, at North Dakota?
Yeah, so I've never heard, I've never seen it yet
because I haven't been back in a few years,
but supposedly they put this altitude room in with bikes and weights and stuff,
and any time they're going to play Denver or Colorado College,
they just work out in this altitude room and it's like you're
up in the mountains you don't get pounded that first period like when you go play the abs you're
just like yeah he doesn't know best doesn't know what it is he hasn't seen yet but he paid for it
no no no no ralph paid for it he's got the bags remember that what guys used to get letters sent
to them i remember like Orp
and all those guys like,
hey, we want some of your money
from their colleges.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
You got to donate back.
Yeah, you got to donate.
Do they do that to you?
Yes.
Yeah.
I've gotten a couple calls.
They'll be doing that to you
for the next 50 years
in your life too.
Well, the shitty part is
the guy that's calling me
is one of my ex-teammates
and one of my best,
one of like our best buddies that we won the- Is he a buddy you want to my ex-teammates and one of our best buddies.
Hey, buddy, you want to go golf?
Oh, yeah, and you got an extra 20K kicking around.
He'd rather have us spend it on our golf trip.
You guys won it when you were there?
Yeah, my freshman year.
Oh, my God.
That's fucking unbelievable.
It's kind of surprising.
I don't know if you had the chance.
You won it.
You lit it up.
27 goals as a freshman
any thought of going pro um not really to be honest really yeah i think uh well i think jim
benning and assistant gm were at the frozen four watching and they had a dinner with my parents i
think and kind of pretty much talked about like that I was going to stay again okay like they were
comfortable with it and I think like I already had my mindset that I was comfortable staying a
second year and you know the first year is all you know roses and and all that but um the second
year is like it's it's harder than the first year yeah my line mates and you gotta I think that's
where I kind of developed the most of, you know, learning things.
Little adversity, too.
Yeah, adversity, yeah, for sure.
Who were your line mates your first year?
Nick Schmaltz and Drake Kajula.
Oh, Schmaltz, he can fucking snap.
He's a stud.
He's unbelievable.
Yeah, he's so good.
Yeah, him and Kels are fun to watch.
Yeah.
They got that good chemistry as well.
Still can't believe Chicago got rid of him.
Yeah.
It's kind of like that.
It's great.
That's not a guy you'd trade.
This NHL, the way he skates, it's so underrated.
Yeah, it is.
It ended up being like a pretty fair trade,
although Chicago moved on from Strom.
Because like Strom turned into a player too.
I think he's playing pretty good for Washington.
Yeah, that's true.
Brock, did you ever hear from the national program at all?
Did they reach out to you?
Yeah.
So I think I got invited to to that 40 camp or something,
but my family had vacation going to Florida,
and I don't think I've ever gone to Florida at that point.
I wanted to play high school hockey, so I knew I wasn't going there.
Okay.
So I skipped out on it, but then after the 40 camp,
they still called and asked if I wanted to be on the team,
so that was tough to turn down.
Wow, you turned that down.
That's tough, right?
Yeah, but mini boy, you got to play high school hockey, right?
I know, I know.
You got to play.
Yeah, you have that option, right?
Like it's good hockey.
Yeah, it's really good hockey with your buddies.
So then I knew I was leaving after my junior year.
They asked me to come again, but I heard that it's kind of like,
you know, they already have the team.
They kind of have their lines and stuff.
So it might be a little harder to have a role there.
And Waterloo traded for me.
So that was a three-hour drive from my house,
and I just thought it was a better option.
It's mature, man.
I just love it because there's so so like, we talked to Fantilli,
his path, he's the Ontario kid.
He went to the USHL and kind of did that route.
And it's just like, who ditches out on the GTHL,
you know?
And so like, there's lots of different ways to do
it, I think.
So I think good on you for that.
Like seeing what's best for you to play, play
with your friends, be happy happy touch a puck a lot fit
in i think that's so important it didn't make you nervous at all that you could have maybe went and
got better quote-unquote better development or at that time you just what value your friendship time
and um i had so i had two of so i had tommy novak on the preds he was uh he was a stud in high
school hockey and uh waterloo traded for him too and we were like
line mates growing up in summer hockey so uh i think that played a part in it he what he was
going to waterloo and then a best buddy i grew up with uh from burnsville he uh was in waterloo for
a year before and i think they went to the finals and i've heard so many great things about waterloo
so i just thought it was a good option yeah when you got to van who
were some of like because you left right up you played some games right after your sophomore year
right uh yeah so you get to at least get the the feel of the league before training camp the next
year were there vets that helped you out right away was there anyone that kind of made a little
easier for you yeah i'd say chris tan of he's a he's a weapon he's a everyone that's everyone
loves that play with the top five beauty in the league for really i also heard he's a he's a weapon he's a everyone that's everyone loves that top five beauty in the league
for really i also heard he's a mutant in the gym too i guess work ethic yeah top notch yeah he's a
pro at everything and he's and he goes he's like a dad he was like a dad to me pd and huggy when
he's in vancouver and he'd always have us over for dinners and stuff and you know if all the boys
are going out he'll he'll go out and be the last one there with you and then he'll be the first in the gym the next day and bro yeah you have no idea
that he was out the night like a modern day chelios i'm sure you've heard some chelios stories
and he'd be in that altitude riding the bike um how would you describe your your personal life
like like in the summer times when you're back home like are you just hanging out with your
buddies on the boat you're pretty chill guy man you seem like a very laid-back yeah yeah i live
on the lake back home and um what honestly what's the lake to be on i don't want to get
right yeah there's talk but i'm not on tonka that's the spot hey lots of hockey guys big
though that if you want to get your big boat and you know have a contest who's the biggest boat yeah the dick measuring contest how big is your boat but yeah
i know i know some i know talk to me you have a fucking yacht over there he's gonna be like
one of the royal tycoons like setting guys text wait till you see my boat next summer
prince of dubai i know some guys that live on Tonka, like JBR.
I don't know if I should say that.
But yeah, some NHL guys.
But it's just not for me.
No.
So you live on like a small one?
Yeah, it's like 20, 30 minutes south of Tonka
and a little more laid back.
And honestly, I don't go on the lake as much
as I used to.
Anytime I have time off, I want to go golf.
That's your thing.
I golf a lot.
But you still wake up every day, you walk out there with a coffee,
and you're like, oh, fuck, life's pretty good, hey?
Yeah, it's pretty nice.
That's my dream.
Can't complain.
That's my dream.
You look like a country music guy, too.
Yeah, a little bit.
No?
I'm a Lumineers guy.
Lumineers.
That's Tyson Berry's friends.
Yeah.
Do you know Tyson Berry?
Luke Shen told me that
yeah yeah they're like they're like super tight i think that because when he was in colorado and
that's where they reside full time so that's nice though you get to like go back home and
chill and lay low and do some golf and now we do these sandbagger videos yeah are you are you
pretty good you scratch i'm like 2.8 i think i ended somewhere be your partner uh probably nikki schmaltz he's sick
isn't he yeah yeah they do what happens all the day we need one like you yeah and one like me
yeah because we would get gassed by i think you and schmaltz yeah he's pretty he's pretty nasty
so is his brother i think uh giordo is not good at golf jordan always pretty good he's got a great
putter i went with him i went with him no i would say he's not a great fighter he's got a great i love
i love giordo but if he if he must be really good to you then you must be really shit
before you said that if you say no offense before then you could can say that. Oh, you're going to be getting a rumor boy at the deadline.
Besser on the blocks.
Speaking of that, the team just picked up Elias Lindholm.
I know you had to say goodbye to a teammate,
but I'm guessing the boys are pretty pumped on the group text.
Boys, you guys are a cup contender right now.
We're not worried about that right now.
Okay, I am.
We're just worried about like i think
continuing to play like the way we've been playing like i think this we just don't want to let this
break it to us i think um i think it was november where we would win a game lose a game win a game
lose a game that was kind of rough and then we started to figure it out again so i think it's
kind of like maintaining the standard right now um but to what you said, Ari, I think Lindy is,
you know, we've played against him a lot over
the years and he's always a guy that's really
hard to play against and can score goals and
he's, you know, he's responsible everywhere he
is on the ice.
So I think he's going to help our team.
And he played on the same line with Petey on
their national program, right?
In Sweden, I think.
Honestly, I don't know.
Okay.
Great question. That'd be nice. He's I don't know. Okay. Great question.
That'd be nice.
He's on the internet, so it must be true.
There's a few more things I'd like to cover
with the Vancouver team specifically,
but I feel like your guys' depth
has really stepped up this year.
Like a lot of guys, like, I mean,
Mikheyev, double digits and goals very early.
Hoglander, Dakota Joshua.
Like, I feel like that's been a big catalyst to
this group and where you guys are at like who to you has been the biggest surprise in in where
they've jumped from last year to this year um i feel like that's a blue i mean that's a great
question like there's so many guys so many guys have bought in and yeah like you know on our
technically our fourth line you got hogs and lafferty are in double-digit goals,
and they just buzz.
Hoglander's skilled, too.
He's so good.
I don't think he'll be on the fourth line in a couple years.
Yeah, that's why I said, you know, fourth line.
He's a guy that is so good when he gets a puck in the offensive zone
and he's quick and he's a tank.
Like, he's built strong.
He hit turbo from Seattle this year and buckled them. Yeah, he's so strong. He's a and he's a tank. Like he's built strong. He hit turbo from Seattle this year and buckled them.
Yeah, he's so strong.
He's a little brick.
And even our third line, like, you know,
Bluger, Joshua, and Garland.
I think Joshua already said career high in goals.
And, you know, Garland's buzzing again.
And Teddy's, I think he said a career high in points.
Like these guys are playing great together and meshing well.
What's it like when JT snaps?
Because there's obviously moments you're watching,
you're like, this guy's losing his mind.
Our boy Pasha talks about his body language all the time,
like he's a therapist.
But it seems like there's moments where you're like,
oh boy, calm down, JT, relax.
He's fiery.
Yeah, no, I think it's great.
I mean, obviously know over the years
everyone's talked about it he's gotten a lot better oh you've noticed a little change yeah
oh yeah okay yeah he's he's changed and we've we're really close like we've played a lot together
and um you know he just he cares so much and uh you know he just wants he wants to win so bad and
he's very emotional which is i, I think, a good thing.
He's handled it so well lately,
and I think he's been such a good leader for our younger guys this year.
He communicates well, and he's always talking, which is good.
So I don't know.
Pasha just, he's...
He's a hater.
Take a shot at him.
He's a piece of shit.
I was just taking L after L after L about power play merchant too yeah i wouldn't say that's true i think the reason
i score five on five is because of milsy i mean i think i personally think milsy is one of the best
uh guys down low with the puck in the hard to get from him like he's he's so good yeah so hard
is your team like is this is a lot of chirping from the bench,
a lot of like shit talking, like guys like Hoglander seems like
he might get in people's faces, or is it more just go about the business type team?
Yeah, I mean, I don't think there's much chirping unless it's, you know,
Garley if he's.
Garland gets the own?
I don't know.
He had McKinnon chuck a helmet on.
I think he's been a lot better, to be honest.
Remember when McKinnon chucked his helmet on him?
Yeah.
He can get under guys.
Yeah, I don't know if he does it so much anymore but you know i think if there's anyone chirping it might be like joshua garley or milsy yeah um i think thatcher demko is the other guy that i
wanted to talk about like i mean we had him on the podcast he's told told an incredible story
about getting in utica robbed at gun. Did he tell you about that?
Yeah, I've heard this story a few times.
I mean, he seems like a great normal guy.
I mean, normally the attendees are a little bit fucked up in the habit.
He seems like a great guy, and he's been a big reason
why you guys are where you're at right now too.
Yeah, he's a stud.
Like he's  I think we've known this for a few years now,
even on our teams that haven't been so good.
He was good for us.
And I think it's just showing now that we have a solid team.
We have a solid decor of how good he can really be.
What about the lotto line?
Deep down, you got to think that's a pretty sick name, right?
There's no cool names anymore.
There's no names anymore.
Nicknames were so cool.
I think that's just just and i know they put
it together for a chunk this year maybe a little bit last year right maybe once yeah maybe once
but when you guys get going a lot of lines buzzing hey yeah we were we were buzzing out the gate um
you know on that i think new jersey new york that little road trip there and then we went back home
and we weren't really doing so hot.
So then we got split up again.
But yeah, we've had, I think it was Millsy's first year
when he came to Vancouver with Travis Green.
We were put together and we played most of the season together
and we had some success.
I think I was working the Pens game when you guys were rolling
through that road trip.
You guys didn't lose a game.
I think you guys, I think Petey had four points and they all had three points like he had two goal like they just
lit it up it was crazy a lot of lying um uh what's your hair routine a lot of a lot of the ladies
vancouver canucks fans love to ask about that they're always tweeting these pictures of you
you look a lot like the guy in uh in shrek what's like the disney prince charming prince charming charming guy judge him by his face he doesn't love that comparison anymore do you have like a special
routine do you blow it out uh no honestly not that it's just natural i've had a girlfriend
for a few years i just wear a toque all the time so i don't really care to do my hair
you got a girlfriend yeah a couple years are you thinking
about maybe jesus yeah one day at a time biz okay one day at a time he went back to a hockey
cliche to answer we got a tmz portion of our show that we like to do so we like to ask about the
personal you got a girl uh i'm back i'm back on the market oh i'm single okay we have a we could do this i
actually fired up that raya app recently oh i think we've all been there before oh buddy i
never have goal i wouldn't even have got on that thing i wouldn't have been allowed i actually
already sent me a request the other day i think you might hop back
but i wouldn't even know what the fuck to do online dating. Oh, yeah.
Like, hey, you a movie fan?
Yeah.
Have you seen Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Another guy you added on, Nikita Zdorov.
Obviously, great muscle on the back end,
but is he a big comic relief in the room?
We hear him on the show.
Yeah, he's great.
He likes his suits, too.
Yeah, he's great.
He's the guy that him and Millsy and Gar,
they like to give it in a little circle there
and give it to each other.
So it's pretty good.
The Masshole, Aruski, and JT Miller just fucking
giving shit to each other.
Yeah, it's great.
Yeah, there's a lot of laughs in the locker room.
Joseph, as for the All-Star team, your game,
well, hopefully, like I said, stay away from Bubl's
water bottle there.
But I think five connects on the team.
You guys talk about who's going to play with who.
You just kind of wing it and go have some fun out there.
I think Quinn has some lines in his head.
We'll see if he tells us in a few hours.
Is Bubl around the team?
I'm not sure.
I don't know if he's going to be on the bench.
He's going to be on the bench.
Who's going to pick Yeltsin on the Monday day?
See him in van a little bit?
Randomly, yeah.
We interviewed him.
He loves the Canucks. him he loves the Canucks
oh loves the Canucks yeah loves the boys
yeah he loves it I think he was
on tour for a bit so
over the last couple years or something so he
wasn't really around a lot but I think he's done
so I've seen him a few times this year
well
I got nothing else buddy it's amazing to
see this run you're on the whole team
it's going to
unfortunately, you've got to play Edmonton in the second round.
You're back on the train?
I never left.
Oh, liar.
I just stopped tweeting about it.
I always like to ask the guys, do you have anything to ask us?
I don't think so, no.
Because sometimes conversation
Can I leave?
I already asked a question I wanted to ask.
Yeah, that was a good one.
All right.
All right, hold on.
I'll shut the fuck up. Brock F. Yeah, that was a good one. All right. All right. Hold on. I'll shut the fuck up.
Brock Fester, folks.
Light it up.
All right.
Before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at Game Time.
Listen, gang, you should not have to worry when you're buying tickets to your next big event.
That's why you want to use Game Time.
It's the fast and easy way to buy tickets for all sports,
music, comedy, theater, anything that's coming to you. Boom, check it out. This weekend, we're going
to the Stadium Series. Cannot wait. GameTime hooked it up. This is an unbelievable feature. They got
all kinds of deals, like they got the flash deals, zone deals. You say, I want to be in this section.
Boom, they'll find you those seats in that section. And GameTime, it's the only ticketed app that gives
you complete peace of mind with your purchase you can see the view from your seat
before you buy so you know exactly what to expect when you get to the stadium or arena or whatever
venue you're going to all in prices show you total up front so you know you're getting a great deal
without the hidden fees no sandbagging going on here you buy tickets two taps boom 10 seconds
it's all done gee you've been riding this thing all year.
Other than the stadium series,
what do you got lined up on tap next?
I don't know if I'll be allowed into MSG
after this podcast anymore,
but I crush MSG.
I know Monday night here,
me and Pasha are going over the Devils game,
obviously courtesy of our great, great friends at game time.
There's so many different arenas and stadiums in this area,
in the Tri-City area, whether it's the Islanders, the Rangers, the Devils.
You got all the football teams, all the baseball teams,
all the basketball teams.
There's just so many.
So I'm using Game Time all the time, R.A.
Absolutely, buddy.
The Bruins right across the street from me.
I always utilize Game Time to take out my bees.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with game time,
download the game time app,
create an account and use the code chicklets for 20 off your first
purchase terms apply again,
create an account and redeem code chicklets for 20 off download game time
today.
Last minute tickets,
lowest price guarantee.
Big thanks for Brock for jumping on with us,
man.
We're a great guy great interview
hope you enjoyed that uh got a few more news notes here for you hockey usa is named uh minnesota gm
billy garren uh as the gm for the 2025 four nations face-off in the 2026 olympic squad
what any surprise here that was billy g do you think someone else might have got it ahead no
not at all um i actually got a little rumor boys
text that right before this was announced,
I probably should have tweeted out that it was not
only Billy Guerin running Team USA,
but it was going to be Doug Armstrong
running Team Canada. That hasn't been
announced. I assume that will actually go down
if the guy got correctly the USA one.
Doug Armstrong was going to run
the Canadian Olympic team before it was
all canceled after the COVID mishap
I don't know what I'm talking about
COVID issue
and Billy Garrett is just perfect for this
I think his career
being a part of that
96 World Cup winning team
playing as hard as he did
guys love him, his teammates have always loved him
now the players that he represents as a general manager
love him, I love this decision.
I think it's perfect for USA Hockey, and I'm excited.
I mean, I've talked a lot of shit that we're going to take over,
and that's going to start.
That's going to start next February in Italy, boys.
So now it's on Billy Guerin's shoulder to build the roster he wants
so much talent to choose from.
It's going to be an amazing tournament,
and I think there wasn't one person that was disappointed in this decision.
I love it.
Well said, buddy. Well said. You mentioned
the Beanpot final tonight, Monday here in
Boston. Well, a 17-year-old freshman
Macklin Celebrini, basically ranked number one
on pretty much every draft board out there.
He's fucking a little breath of fresh air.
Roll that clip of his interview after
a 4-3 win over BC last week.
We didn't go as planned.
We knew what we needed to do tonight.
I thought us as a whole, we fucking
bounced.
You're goddamn right.
I'm confident that could be heading into
the championship game next week.
Battle boy, buddy.
I know not every team wants to play
a drop in F-bombs, but I thought it was fucking
little personality, little flavor out there.
Should we get more
profanity out in the interviews or what?
What's your take on a drop in F-bombs live?
Yeah, it's just been maybe a little
too cookie cutter. I'd like
to see it go back to the days, like, maybe
not to the degree of during the
lockouts when you had, like, Chelios
threatening Betts and stuff like
that. No, I think he was like, a fan
might go after him. You never know. I think he said, I think he needs to protect himself and mean i think he was like a fan might go after him you never know
i think he said i think he needs to protect himself and his family i was like holy
he said that nowadays you might get thrown out of the league but uh i love it i love it and and
and much like the you see the aggression and the physicality starting to pick up and maybe head
back towards what we saw from the game of the past. I think that players knowing how much social media can improve their brands
and their recognition.
I think guys will start letting it fly a little bit more.
It's a player's league,
man.
And where you've,
you've gotten time,
you've spent time with this kid.
What's his personality like behind the scenes?
Because if you have this much talent,
you have to be tapped in a sense of where your confidence slash cockiness is at an all-time
high yeah and i mean when i say cockiness not in a negative sense is like you have to have that chip
on your shoulder to be that great at that age and we're talking talk about greatest bu players of
all time jack eichel like is is he better than what he was at that age? Well, amazingly, he's right there.
I think through 25 games, Eichel had 41 points, maybe 42.
And Celebrini right now is at 41 points through 25 games.
He's one goal off the NCAA goal lead that Cutter Gauthier has for BC with 23.
He's got 22.
He's the youngest player in college hockey by a mile.
The kid doesn't turn 18 till june
and and just being around him like the cockiness isn't the right word i know what you're saying
he is not at all no one would ever meet this kid and think that he's just super driven man
and he's one of those guys where they're like hey you can't be on the ice this much he wants to
skate every morning he wants to skate after practice it's just like an amazing will by this kid and drive to be the best and to be this good in college which is like
i mean you're looking at a lot of 22 to 24 year olds full-grown strength they're he's playing
against men it's incredible to watch and and bu had the tough sweep against bc about a week prior
they lost in at bc then they lost at, and then they go into the Beanpot.
Kind of a must-win in terms of pride for your school
and getting to the Beanpot final.
They go up 2-0.
BC makes it 2-1.
Boom, they make it 4-1.
It looks like it's going to be gravy.
BC came back to make it 4-3
and had about 30 chances to tie the game.
The goalie at BU, Caron, he played unbelievably.
They call him Chewy. He was standing on his head. It was tie the game. The goalie at BU, Caron, he played unbelievably.
They call him Chewy.
He was standing on his head.
It was an awesome game.
I think BU and BC will definitely match up again,
whether it's hockey's semifinals or finals,
and who knows about the NCAA tournament.
Both teams are electric, outstanding,
but Celebrini right now, and after seeing,
I think the best freshman season ever is obviously Paul Correa. 25 goals, 75 assists, 100 points as a freshman.
They went on to win the national title.
Probably it'll never be done again, I'm guessing.
100 points in college.
But Eichel then comes in.
He finished the season, I think, with 71 points.
I don't know if Sal Brini's going to get there.
But he's even younger than Eichel was that first year.
And it's been incredible.
I mean, he's, the best thing about him, and I compared him to Jonathan Taves a little bit
in terms of there's zero cheating.
There is no cheating to his game.
There's no like, oh, I'm going to just miss my guy a little
to cheat on the puck and maybe get a two-on-one.
He's defensively responsible.
He penalty kills.
He's going to be the first overall pick.
And just to show up, Biz, for beanpaw games and anyone who's not played,
like that first Monday in February, it's electric.
Like the garden is completely full.
They had the late game.
Harvard Northeastern played first.
And then, you know, there had to be a couple of GMs there,
every scout in the league, every team's represented by a scout or two,
and he just showed up.
It's kind of what we're talking about with the Patrick Mahomes
and the best players. The bigger the game, the better
they play. And he came out, he scored a
beautiful goal to make it 1-0.
And then he scored a one-timer goal to make
it 2-0 that had to be going 95
miles an hour. I'm talking right by
Fowler's ear, an absolute
snipe. All of a sudden, BU's got their
mojo. They held on for the win.
He is something else to watch.
I can't wait for tonight. They got Northeastern,
who they lost to a week ago, who plays them
hard, who I think this is Northeastern's
sixth straight Beanpot final.
So the Garden is going to be electric tonight.
I wish we already had the score and be
able to go over the game right now.
This is Tuesday morning. You'll know what happened.
But I can't wait to watch.
I would bet it that he gets at least one tonight
because over the weekend they played Merrimack.
I think he had one and two.
It's dominating hockey by a 17-year-old kid
who realistically could be a junior in high school somewhere.
So it's amazing to see, and whoever gets him first overall is in for a future stud.
I just hope he goes one more year at BU.
Okay, so they do this semifinal?
That's what I'm hearing, Witt. Oh, go ahead, G they do this semifinal? That's what I'm hearing, Witt.
Oh, go ahead, G. I was going to say, that's
what I'm hearing, Witt, right now, is rumor boys are
hearing that Celebrini is pretty
adamant that he wants to come back next
season. He played with
Cole Iserman at Shattuck. They're supposedly
best friends. They're going to be 1-2 in the draft
this year. They would dominate college hockey
if he came back next year, but I want to ask you
in terms of development, like, has he done it all in college hockey this year? Like, he's done if he came back next year. But I want to ask you, in terms of development,
has he done it all in college hockey this year?
He's done so much.
He's so dominant.
But at the end of the day, he's 17 years old.
Going to play in a league full of grown men,
that's a huge step.
Yeah, he could easily go play in the NHL next year.
My thing would be, and obviously I'm biased
in hoping he returns, but my thing would be,
what's the rush
right if chicago gets him if chicago gets him i think if chicago gets him he'd be more likely to
go yes if it's san jose and you're seeing more dog days ahead of you you don't want to be playing
that that would be a frustrating long season getting chewed up and if what are you going to
do put him first line and he's got no other guys to snap it around with because will smith's not going they drafted san jose drafted will smith
fourth overall i'm here and he's not going next year either he's going to return to bc for his
sophomore season so he would have nothing there so in terms of the shark he's going to be buzzing
next year the sharks um and they get hey they get this kid james haggins who's coming in from the
national program who's also like he's going to be drafted after his freshman year of college as opposed to going into college.
He's going to be an absolute stud.
But in looking at like the Blackhawks, yeah, if they get him, you go play with Bedard.
I could understand that.
But the Sharks biz, you're right.
And the other thing is, even for the Blackhawks, for any team, it's almost like maybe push it back because then you get three more years of the
entry-level deal while you're a little bit better.
Instead of burning a year when you're still going to be horrible,
then you've got to sign him to what will probably be
a monster extension coming out of the entry-level
deal. Just hold off, and then you get
the three years of the low money
while you're still getting better and better.
As a GM, that's how I look at it.
I think what's going to happen is they're going to go
back next year. They're going to sign at the end of the year. what's going to happen is they're going to go back next year.
They're going to sign at the end of the year.
They're going to burn that year and get to play 10, 15 games, get their feet wet.
And then you have one good rookie year, and then you're locked and loaded to bend the team over for eight times eight.
We know that's coming.
That's very true.
Yeah.
Also, in terms of the amateur world of hockey, the Five Nations event went on for the under-18s. I think it was USA, Sweden, Finland.
I don't even know the other teams there.
Maybe Switzerland.
Are you about to talk about this kid from Pittsburgh?
That army's been stroking off?
No, I think he's under-17.
But under-18, that's where the kid Hagen's place,
who's going to BC next year as an under-ager,
the same way Celebrini is.
But Sweden won.
Sweden beat Team USA.
They tied it up late and then they won in overtime.
This kid, Anton Frondell,
holy shit,
guys, and he's not this draft either.
And he scored the tying goal and he scored
the winning goal with a second
left rocket one-timer.
Apparently there's some discussion
and this is a long way away. This is the 2025
draft we're talking, but he could be right there with Hagans,
maybe even go in front of him.
So another Swedish stud coming up into the system,
and just a name to keep your eye on right there by this kid.
So that's amazing.
My last thing for the show is reading The Athletic.
I got a buddy, Rob Rossi, who's reported for the Penguins biz.
You know him well.
He dropped a pretty cool article on Jaromir Jagger.
You know why I call him Jaromir Jagger.
It's the guys who were sitting at the Bruins-Penguins game in 95 going,
damn, this Jaromir Jagger's legit.
Well, Sunday, coming up, they're going to be retiring his number.
I believe it's going to be the third number retired, maybe the fourth in Pittsburgh.
So they went over, and he has a cool article talking to former staff of the Penguins, former teammates, just people that were around him for his years in
Pittsburgh. One of the stories is Peter Sikora, who lived at his house. So when Yaga got traded
to the Capitals, I think it was 2001, he just left his house there and he left everything in it.
And so Sikora goes in there and there's five Art Ross trophies. There's a stick for his 400th goal. And he's like, Yags, you want me to send this to you age before the internet, the long hair, what he did,
the way Craig Patrick talks about how they got him over to the United States,
and they had to get him visas.
I think they got to Hamilton, Ontario, and they were like,
where's his visa?
They were like, oh, it's in Pittsburgh.
They were like, okay, go ahead.
It was a free-for-all.
It was the old Wild Wild West getting him into the United States.
In the article, it also mentions that when they interviewed him prior to the draft in 1990, he went fifth.
And they said, would you come over next year?
And he said, yes, I'd love to come over.
And apparently the teams picking one through four had asked him.
And he said, no, I wouldn't.
I think he just wanted to play with Mario Lemieux.
So amazing that they went from Lemieux to Jagger to Crosby to Malkin.
It's been this insane run for the Penguins when we talk about what's coming up in the future for that team.
But I got a story that wasn't in the article from a former teammate
that at the 91 Cup Parade, and apparently,
and if you go into the article, it talks about women were obsessed with Jags.
I mean, good-looking guy. He's never been married.
They're out at a bar, and he stands up, they just all start screaming just rock star status well at the parade in 91
apparently some girl came up it's like can i have your autograph can i have your autograph he's like
yeah sure and she just pulled her pants down and asked him to sign her right butt cheek so he signed
it up and then come the next year they won it again in 92 and the girl comes up and she says
hey look and pulled the pants down.
And she had his name tattooed into the ass.
She signed it.
So this is Yagsman.
That's going to look like Pasha when the Devils miss playoffs.
Yeah, Pasha's going to have that Devil's mug right in his butt.
But I just think I recommend reading the article.
You kind of forget with all the stops he made after Pittsburgh
and everything he's done.
In fact, the guy's still playing.
So Sunday's going to be a special day in Pittsburgh.
And he even mentions Phil Bork's telling the story,
the old two-niner, that he went over to watch Yogg's play a few years back,
and he kind of was putting it in his head.
Like, hey, you got to come back.
They want to retire your number.
He's like, no, no, no, no.
They hate me there.
All they do is boo me.
People don't like me in Pittsburgh.
He's like, no, man, they booed you
because everyone was afraid of you scoring
and you were a threat and they love you there.
Time heals all wounds.
You're loved in Pittsburgh.
So I think Sunday is going to be pretty special
to see his name and his number go up in the rafters there.
So going back to that draft when he went fifth, though,
the first four teams, they goten nolan peter nedved keith primo mike reachy and then
obviously yager was pretty legit top five very legit i think the only two of them uh two of
those guys didn't hit a thousand games but each of them reached over 900. Islanders picked six. They picked Scott Sissons.
He only played two games.
And then going past that, at seventh and eighth, you have Daryl Sedor and Darian Hatcher.
So it was just the top eight picks were just loaded other than obviously the Islanders
fucking things up as the Islanders do.
So suck on that, Fishman.
This might get shanked at this stadium series event.
Speaking of, nice little segue there, Whit.
Yeah, the stadium series is coming up this weekend.
We are having a meet and greet at Texas, Arizona.
It's at 76 River Street in Hoboken.
Gee, have you been to this place yet?
What the fuck's up with all these bars?
Paris, Texas, Texas, Arizona.
What is this
it flows it just rolls off the tongue this is an awesome spot too it's right in downtown hoboken
right next to the path the path train is the train that connects you to new york city so if you're in
new york you want to come over for a couple drinks it's 7 30 to 9 right on river street in hoboken
pop over it's right next to the path will be. Merles will be there hammering out picks.
It's going to be a lot of fun. I'm going. I'm going
for both games. I'm looking forward to it.
I'm actually on the road for five weeks now,
boys. We're doing this simulcast
and it's right off to New York for five,
six days to enjoy the festivities.
I tell
you guys I'm doing that match later on this
month too with DJ Khaled.
Another one.
You and DJ Khaled. I'm doing that match later on this month too with DJ Khaled. Oh, buddy, I know. Another one. Wait, five weeks?
You and DJ Khaled.
I'm going to be bouncing around.
Yeah, I'll be staying in Atlanta for a little bit.
I'll be bouncing around Florida.
I kind of want to go check out different pockets of Florida to see where I would maybe want to buy a condo.
You should check out Delray, Lauderdale, West Palm, Boca.
I like that.
You go all around.
Check out what you like best.
I could see you living in Florida.
I'm actually going to check out Tampa, too.
Tampa's awesome, dude.
Tampa's a good spot.
I love Tampa.
You're on the inner coast.
Are you dealing with less storms if you're in Tampa because you're on the interior?
Yeah.
Less chance of hurricane on the Gulf side than the Atlantic
side, 100. Until the
one crushed Naples last year, but...
Yeah, go down
to Sarasota, man. CS the key, Lido
key, Longbow key. I'm going to Key West like
you, baby. Ah, fucking right.
I'm going to rip the bong and just hang out on the beach.
Did you hook up, Shani,
with my digits?
I got a little text with no number attached to it.
It was Sheeny.
I'm assuming you got it from you.
Pretending to be Sheeny.
Oh, I think Foles tried to get me.
I got a text saying, hey, it's Butch Goring.
You want to connect?
I'm like, oh, yeah, right.
Not a chicken dick's chance he has a cell phone,
let alone trying to reach out to me.
So Foles tried to get me with the fake Butch Gorin.
Well, what if it was Butch Gorin, though?
Like, do we know?
Like, are you going to test?
Do you want me to call it up?
What was the area code?
Like, if this is Butch, we got to make it happen.
Let me see if I still have the text.
I'll call it right now.
Nick Cousins is going to answer.
Come on, Butchie.
Let's go.
Say you're live to tape, too.
Hello?
Hi, who's this? Hey, how's. Hello? Hi, who's this?
Hey, how's it going?
Oh, who's this?
I don't know.
You just called me.
Sorry.
Well, you texted me first.
You texted me saying it's Butch Gorin.
You sound a lot younger unless you got a voice box transplant.
No, no, it's not Butchie.
Oh, who is it?
My name's Dominic. how'd you get my number
um i it's just online you got my oh yeah which which website did you get my number off of
so why so were you just trying to like prank me by saying it's butch goring hoping i would text
back being playing tummy sticks with Butchy Boy?
No, I was just joking around.
I don't mean  I'm not trying to be any problem for you, Biz.
I'm real sorry.
I'm just a big fan of the pod.
I heard you were looking for an assistant.
I didn't know how to reach you out.
And, yeah, I just found your number.
I didn't think much of it.
I didn't really think it was going to be you, to be honest.
Well, okay, you're actually live on Chicklets right now.
What makes you think that you could be my assistant?
Like, what type of skill set do you have?
And you didn't, by chance, try to sneak in and be our DJ at King Taps
at the All-Star game, did you?
No, no, that's not me.
Oh, okay, that's another guy trying some tomfoolery.
What skill set do you have in which you think you could bring to being my personal assistant?
I'm versatile.
I'm on my feet.
I don't know.
I'm just, I'm rattled right now.
I didn't think anything of it.
Ask him if he's ever had a girl give him a BJ with a zen in.
Have you ever had a blowjob from a girl who had a Zim,
a Zin in their upper lip?
A Zin in their upper lip.
Can't say I have.
No.
Okay.
Low lip.
Ask if he's given one.
That's one of the qualifications.
So I'm going to talk to the guys here and maybe we'll get you on next pod.
If you're actually serious about taking the role as my personal assistant,
write up a game plan.
We,
you,
you gotta come prepared.
I know you're jammed up right now because I called you
and you're like, ah, trying to be Butch Goring.
Now, one of the things that you would have to bring
in order to get the job, though,
is you'd actually have to find Butch Goring's number for me.
I think I could do that for you.
Okay.
All right.
So I'll reach back out and we'll'll maybe put our twitter poll see if our
fans want to get you on and give you the opportunity to to be my personal assistant i like we did say
at the beginning of the podcast though that we're not going to feed into these antics that some of
our fans bring but we're completely full of shit kind of like you were i want to tell you like i'm
i'm obviously rattled as shit right now because I just stopped texting you because I didn't hear back.
I wasn't going to, you know, persist on you.
I know you get a lot of people hitting you up, whatever.
So, you know, I wasn't going to persist.
Who's his favorite NHL team, Biz?
So I didn't want to bother you in that nature.
So I really apologize if, you know, I bothered you at all, Biz.
Who's your team?
New York Rangers.
Oh, my God!
I can agree
with you. They're the Fugazis.
I got Rangers fans in their
fucking feelings. Holy fuck.
Do you hear that, Rangers fans? You might have to be
this kid's therapist. Listen, I knew
the Super Bowl was going to be rigged last night for the Chiefs,
just like I know the Rags aren't winning
the Cup anytime soon. Hashtag rigged.
What do you make of Dolan cock-blocking the Lindholm trade
because he wants everybody at the Sphere watching the Rangers
fuck another first-round draft pickup?
I got to be honest, I didn't hear anything about it.
I know we were somewhat in the race for Lindholm,
but that went to bed quick.
But to be honest, I don't really want Lindholm.
I mean, you look at the package Van put together, I don't think
the Rangers could have beat that, and I don't think
I want the Rangers to beat that for a rental player.
Who do you
want at the deadline for the Rangers in order
to make an impact?
To be honest,
I don't think there's anyone at the
deadline that's going to be enough of an impact
player to put the
Rangers over the edge.
I like this guy.
I like Don too.
Yeah, listen,
I've played GM mode on Shell, so
I guess you could say I'm pretty with it.
I'm like,
I'm the next great GM.
Just Shell GM does it.
I need one more thing from you.
Is Dolan a clown?
Donor?
Yeah, he's an absolute clown.
He's never going to sell the team, though.
I think you just found your assistant.
You got the job.
I love you.
Great talking to you, Dominic.
And are you going to the stadium series?
I'm not.
No, I did order the jersey.
They got me on that ripoff.
But no, I don't think I'm going to go to the game.
Okay.
Unless there's going to be some event for me to sneak into, then I could be
Texas, Arizona, Biz.
What you should be doing is texting R.A.
Get his number online.
He'll sneak in with you.
I'll tell you, Biz.
I'll tell you.
You're the only number that's on public records.
So my point to you
Did you actually get it on public records?
Yes, and I want you to be rubbing that.
So nobody else, I wasn't going to put your number out.
I mean, I told my buddies, I was like, dude, I think I got business number.
And they're like, what is it?
I wouldn't give it to my best of friends.
I'm like, I don't want your number getting out of there.
But yeah, I checked every one of the guys I was trying to reach G, you know, just to
send an email, but you guys get a shit ton of people, you know, trying to reach out to know just to send an email but you guys get a shit ton of people you know
trying to reach out to you i'm sure and uh i didn't want to be another one of those people
um what's his job is i sent a joke tell me sticking with you i figured if you responded
to the butch joke um that it would be you and then you did well. Well, I'm like Mike Jones now. You know what you remember Mike Jones, the rapper?
281-330-800.
Paul Mike Jones here.
I'm Mike Jones.
What's his job?
I can't believe this is real life right now.
I'm sitting playing fucking cell right now, and this is nuts.
All right.
Well, we love you, Dominic, and good luck with your cell game,
and we'll see you next week.
You're going to have to come on the road with me the next five weeks,
and I'll be in a hotel room, so you'll be sleeping on a cot,
and you're going to be my personal assistant.
First order of duty.
I'll sleep on the floor for you.
I'll get your coffee.
I'll give you a tugger if you need it.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
Okay.
Thai massage.
You're going to give me Zinbom blowjobs.
All right, Dominic.
We love you, brother.
I don't know about that.
We're going to have to bring
the Thai massage therapist
on the road for that one.
Okay.
All right.
Well, we appreciate you, buddy,
and thanks for listening,
and good luck in GM mode.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'll keep it going.
Dom.
Dom.
So my number's online?
I don't know.
Your number being online,
that needs to be the minute we stop recording.
Call whoever you need to call to figure that one out.
I don't even understand how yours would be
and ours wouldn't be.
That makes no sense.
There's a ton of numbers that just aren't right.
I Googled it,
and there's just a million phone numbers
that just aren't yours.
So I don't know how he got yours.
I might be more jammed up than Dominic
right now at the fact my number is online,
but I don't really got much else for the rest of this
podcast, guys, other than going to scrub my
name offline quick here.
Yeah, like we just said, we're going to be
at the Stadium Series, Philly, Jersey
the first night, Saturday, and then
Rangers Islanders, 3 p.m. in
Texas, Arizona. If you got nothing to do before
or after that,
there's going to be a screening of the movie I'm in, The Late Game.
You go to thelategame.com, code RAZAM, for RA, the Zamboni driver.
There's a showing at 3.30 and then 9.30,
so it won't hit the fair with any of our Chicklets events.
So if you want to swing by, check out the flick, please do.
Boys, any final notes before we wrap it up and head to Atlanta for the Chicklets cast?
Nope.
I will see you guys tomorrow.
Can't fucking wait.
True TV.
Max streaming.
See you there tomorrow.
Adios.
Adios.
Adios. They say a drunken speech is just so good I like to poke the bear
I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot A cheap shot She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell
She hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
Even so, I'm tired
