Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say a drunken speech is just sober thoughts.
I like to poke the bear, I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 485 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here the Barstool Sports Podcast family
How goes it all? Another huge week in the week
We had a big number retirement out in Chicago.
All kinds of stuff going on in the playoff race.
But as always, we check in with the boys first.
Let's go to that guy in his bed right now.
Paul, biz nasty, biz sad.
Are you alone right now, Paul?
Smartest working man in show business.
I am alone, and this is great.
I love recording from the bed.
I think I've earned this one.
An incredible experience at the match last night.
But before I even get into it, I think we should even push it to the back end.
The hockey in the last week and what's going on in the NHL
and with Chris Chelios' jersey retirement night,
which I would probably put as one of the greatest days of hockey
that I can remember.
It's been just an unbelievable season so far in the NHL,
so I'm ready to hop right into it because the NHL is thriving.
I think we can officially say, Whit, that the dog days of the NHL are over.
Things are ramping up right now.
The playoff race is intense, and I cannot wait to see who ends up cracking it
as far as the playoff rosters and the playoff alignment.
And the NHL is on an absolute fucking heater right now.
So I'll throw it back over to you,
unless you guys want to hear about the match now,
but I figured we could even push that to the back end.
Yeah, whatever you want to do, buddy.
It was a great experience.
I'm basically in DJ Khalid's cult at this point.
So like I said, we'll get into it later.
Yeah, we'll get into that.
Another one.
So he has another one.
Bless up.
Next up, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
Looks like he's getting ready for some sort of game show behind you.
What's going on, buddy?
How's the trip going?
Oh, it's phenomenal.
Out of here today, right after we record, back home, back to Massachusetts.
But Ask Media, I believe Boynton Beach, Florida.
Grinelli, great job, buddy.
Just excellent producing. I had nowhere
to record. The hotel,
Opal Grand in Del
Rey, though, one of the top hotels
I've ever stayed at. Talk about an unreal
place. Two different pools. They got
it all. One pool has an amazing bar,
three TVs. That's where I watch Lightning
Devils. That's where I watch Penguins Flyers.
You know, one of those days, if you're
sitting at a pool bar watching big
time hockey, Sidney Crosby lighting up
five points. Sidney Crosby
has made the city of Philadelphia
his bitch for 20 years
now. I asked him about it on the broadcast.
Yeah, how did he make a city
your bitch, Sid? But
it's been a great trip, and I've
pretty much mastered. So Ryder's six,
his cousin Cooper's seven, and then Wyatt's three, and you always get the little guy chased around.
So those kids, I have mastered as a dad, and I learned from my dad, just creating competition
within boys throughout the day at the beach and the pool. I'm talking about jumping the pool first
to catch five footballs, a little soccer games,
one-on-one just nonstop competition.
How many times can you guys hit up a beach ball without it dropping and
hitting the water?
And we've killed hours and hours.
I'm talking,
we did a six hour pool day.
You know,
I reapplied sunscreen to Ryder Whitten 10 times because I'm not letting him
get a sunburn.
No,
Wyatt tans.
Why?
It's like my wife.
He's dark skin.
He's hoody.
Ryder's me.
Pale and not gross, but pale.
And so I'm out there playing games,
and I just feel like I'm a top-notch dad after this trip.
But I'm ready to go home.
You know when you get vacationed out?
It's one of those things.
It's like I don't want to leave, but I do want to leave.
So in the end, I've got to watch great hockey the
entire time and as i watch these games and these scores and biz brings up the dog days and oh my
god is january 15th to february 15th the nhl is kind of like but all of a sudden february 15th
comes and we've had this lead of league explode we got the biz with the idea of the century with
the rempire state building shirts i don't know if those aren't sale yet.
The Rampire strikes back.
Matthew Rempe might've brought the NHL season back to life.
He, he took, he, he took the dog days and he bent them
over just the way Crosby does to the Flyers.
100, 130 points for Sid, by the way, against the
Philadelphia Flyers throughout his career.
Uh, that is the most all time from any player, by the way, against the Philadelphia Flyers throughout his career. That is the most all-time from any player, by the way, Flyers fans.
I don't know.
I asked him, like I said, a TNT.
We had him right after the game.
I said, Flyers fans were not so nice to you when you came to the league.
What would they refer to him as?
Cindy Crosby?
Is that what they call them?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
He's fucking pulling your hair from behind right now.
You're fucking Cindy.
Cindy Crawford Crosby crushing the center ice shot in Chicago.
And, Biz, you said it.
We'll get into it.
I'll just save it.
Go to G.
I'm sorry.
G, what's going on, buddy?
How was North Dakota, bud?
North Dakota was awesome.
I mean, Grand Forks is a different place,
but the Ralph is the holy grail of hockey.
I mean, most people who know college
hockey know that, but it was a really cool experience.
I mean, just from the insane recovery
room to seeing the
fans showing up at 8 a.m.,
zero degree weather, putting up
tents outside the Ralph. It was so cool.
I got in the mix with them. It was actually hilarious.
So right when we showed up, I
walked right into this tent. We had cameras
going right away.
And I'm like, let's go.
And they all just start chanting, fuck Pasha, fuck Pasha.
And I'm like, we're in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
Like, how did the how did a fuck Pasha chant just start in this tent right now?
You know how it started?
He's down as bad as any person in hockey right now.
I feel bad for him. This guy and it's when he doesn't get to talk, he's down as bad as any person right now i feel bad for him this guy and it's a when he doesn't
get to talk he's part suspension but this guy can't catch a wind to save his life but gee they
ended up waxing duluth right oh yeah it was like five nothing awesome game insane environment in
there the floors can confirm same marble as the v. We talked about it last week. But it's pretty
cool though. So the school is actually like one
of the biggest aviation schools in the entire
country. So we did a tour with Louis
Jamernick V. Pretty sick.
And he's a commercial aviation
major. He wants to become a pilot. So we
have some insane footage coming out
when this whole video comes out.
But thanks to Coach Barry, the school,
Louis. We did a collab with the Sioux Shop.
It sold out in 10 minutes.
So shout out to the Sioux Shop.
Shout out North Dakota.
And just an overall awesome trip.
The video is going to be insane.
It reminds me of going to Yaroslav, Russia,
where maybe the city is not the nicest,
but the rink is just immaculate.
You know what I compared it to?
I compared it to Tuscaloosa, Alabama. I feel like they are the alabama crimson tide of college hockey where like this little city
that like it's kind of shitty just revolves around this hockey team and like it's unlike anything
i've seen when they play on friday saturday it's like the whole city basically shuts down
why why were they camping out at 8 a.m Are these students trying to get tickets that they can't have access to?
it's pretty cool.
It's actually,
so,
so it's GA.
They all student section is GA.
So it's general admission.
So everyone waits in line and it's a mad dash at right at six o'clock.
They open the doors and everyone,
it's like when they open the doors at the Dallas Cowboys team and everyone
sprints in,
even though that's not GA.
So it doesn't make much sense.
It's GA, so they all sprint
in, but they also can't, well, they can't
sprint, so everyone has to speed walk
race against each other.
Yeah, it's pretty wild.
It's a wild experience. We captured
the whole thing. Fish did an amazing job
video and everything, but it's going to be an awesome
video. I love it.
I didn't know that about the aviation stuff
out there, G, because there's like a lack of pilots
these days because most pilots usually come from the military.
That's where they typically get trained, but they haven't been getting
as many as they used to. Pilots, astronauts,
everyone goes to North Dakota.
Oh, there's a lot of astronauts coming from North Dakota?
Oh, yeah. They got like an astronaut
school there. It's fucking nuts.
Fucking stupid.
Astronauts were like geniuses
me too it's the closest thing to living on mars that's why they fucking that's why they're doing
it there it's pink whitney time new amsterdam zone flavored vodka the number one flavored vodka in
the united states of america the fact it has my name on it and i can say that sentence is
mind-numbing to say the least but But that's how good this drink is.
I'm down in Florida and I'm in that warm February weather and it's just been all over the place.
I even saw some kid go into a liquor store and get caught trying to steal Pink Whitney.
That's not classy.
That's trashy.
I understand the passion and the love in this kid wanting to get these 10 nips to enjoy with his buddies and watch the Super Bowl.
But pay for the Pink Whitney, for Christ's sake. These are small business owners.
Don't steal the Pink Whitney. I know you want it. I know you love it, but pay for it. It's not too
expensive. It's very affordable, and it's tasty as all hell. And I'm saying right now, you can go
to the bar. You can get a shot. You can go to the liquor store, get the monster bottle. I went to a
local liquor store in Pineapple Grove, an area of Delray,
and I always go in and ask the people up front,
how's the Pink Whitney sell?
The woman said, unbelievable.
It's a little bit of the younger crowd, 21 to 25-year-olds.
I said, that's fine by me.
That's fine by me because I know these younger kids,
all you guys like maybe a little bit of sugar,
but if you like doing shots and that's how you catch your buzz
and that's how you get your confidence to go talk to that lucky lady or lucky guy,
why have a liquor with a horrible aftertaste? You get Pink Whitney, it goes down smooth,
it goes down easy, and New Amsterdam's the reason that it happened, along with myself and Paul
Bissonnette and my wife. So shout out Pink Whitney, shout out New Amsterdam and shout out the big 1.75 bottle,
because that's the one that'll last you a while and you can enjoy it all week long.
Well, there ain't no geniuses here. We talked about Chellier, the intro. We're going to dive
right into that. Congrats to Chris Chellier. He's number seven, was finally retired by Chicago
Sunday night before the Blackhawks Red Wings game. Game that was unbelievable, by the way,
Patrick Kane overtime. You couldn't have written a better storybook
other than that.
But Chelios, man, ninth season in Chicago.
I know the old man, Rocky Roberts,
had promised them to retire his number someday.
They finally did.
The ninth Blackhawk to have his number retired.
But the star power, Biz, I've never seen
this many fucking stars at one number retirement.
Dennis Rodman, Eddie Vedder, John McEnroe,
Jeremy Roenick, Gary Suda, Tony Amante,
Brian Noonan, a bunch of other teammates, but
the all-time guest was Cindy
Crawford. What's up, Biz?
You didn't say Gretzky.
I got to Cindy Crawford first because I had
to get to that shot, dude. We got to go hashtag
Whit missed. That was an unbelievable
shot. She was in heels, nailed that thing from the gut.
Are they like pals, Biz? Do you know
they go like way back? Is she a Chicago gal? Do you know?
Cindy Crawford? Well, so I think that he described it as the Malibu mob.
So he started going out to California to train,
and that's kind of where he started meeting all these celebrities.
And correct me if I'm wrong.
Is it Peter Berg, the movie director?
Yep.
So that's who she's married to, right?
No, she's married to Randy Gerber.
Oh, Randy Gerber, the nightclub.
Oh, Randy Gerber.
Is he a producer?
What does he do?
He's like a nightclub owner.
He's been running clubs for like 30 years.
Okay.
And I think that he had his hand in the Casamigos as well, right?
So he was one of the original guys.
So it's just, like I said, they met all there when he trained out in Malibu
and he's been hanging there.
Actually, Chelly still has his place there.
But like you said, R.A., just a star-studded event.
And it was really cool because he wanted all his former teammates,
all the ones that were closest to him on the ice with him
as he was doing the ceremony.
And I just thought it was so fitting how he was able to kind of pay homage
to the past and obviously the Blackhawks organization
in which I wasn't really around during that time.
I didn't realize when he went from Chicago to Detroit
how ugly it had gotten.
I mean, this is a guy who's from there.
He was getting booed in his own hometown
to the point where he had to close down his bar.
He went back as a Detroit Red Wing
and he still had his bar in Chicago,
and they were booing him and his old man walking by
because he wanted to bring his new Detroit team there.
So he ended up closing shop there.
So it ended ugly.
So for him to come back and have that type of ceremony in Chicago,
I'm sure it meant so much to him and his family.
And right now, even his daughter is working for the team in media.
All four kids were there and able to attend.
But the way that he rolled out with his mom in that classic car, the speech.
And I mean, like we keep talking and joking around about how the NHL scripted.
I mean, the fact that Patty Kane was playing for the Red Wings and they ended up aligning
it to that game.
And he got to also pay homage to, and we've been debating it on here.
And I've made a few comments saying that Patrick Kane,
probably as it stands,
is the greatest American born player of all time.
Well,
Chelios kind of put his official stamp on that.
So I guess it's really hard to argue it.
And then for the way that the game ended up playing out and for Patty
Kane to get the OT winner and fucking yelling to the crowd,
showtime,
baby show
time i would say easily goes down on one of the greatest nights in hockey and uh just uh an
incredible jersey retirement for her guy who played 27 years pro guys most games combined
playoffs and regular season as a defenseman or at least an American-born player. So it was fitting, and no one else is more deserving than him,
and nobody else gets the boys together more than Chelios does.
And just an ultimate FOMO calling that from the desk
and wanting to be in Chicago for the festivities.
I can't imagine how drunk that weekend was.
I mean, Chelios, this is is a guy he burns it at both ends
better than anyone's burned it at both ends before the latest guy to stay out in the first guy at the
rink i was reading a story that in 98 they had a day game with chicago hopped on a plane out to
california watched the packers in the super bowl took the red eye back and went right to practice
and they bag skated him and he crushed everyone in all the skates it didn't matter guys are passing California, watched the Packers in the Super Bowl, took the red eye back and went right to practice.
And they bag skated him and he crushed everyone in all the skates.
It didn't matter.
Guys are passing out in saunas.
He's doing pushups and riding the exercise bike.
He's an animal.
I guess every day he goes, he goes Russian Banya.
He rides the bike.
He does 300 pushups, 500 squats, takes a cold tub and then goes to the bar.
Who the hell can do that?
Imagine R.A. trying to do that.
He'd be dead.
So I don't know.
I just look.
I look at Chelios' career, and my group chat at home,
somebody said, like, why is it just being retired?
And I think it goes into what you said, Biz.
It was an ugly breakup.
It was an ugly divorce, and that was in the days of the Red Wings-Blackhawks amazing, vicious rivalry that was years and years and years in the making.
And then all of a sudden, when the Red Wings were able to move to the Eastern Conference,
it kind of just ended it a little bit.
And obviously, the team's lacking success in recent history.
It's just there really isn't a rivalry anymore, which kind of sucks.
But new ones are created, and new ones will end up being around for all those teams.
But I mean, you look at Patrick Kane being a Detroit Red Wing and scoring a goal to beat the
Blackhawks and the ovation he got. I mean, I know it's recency bias, but I think with everything
that happened that entire day, it was like the game of the year in the nhl and it was something that you like you couldn't script you you and talk
about an ovation one of the coolest i've ever seen first in first time out in the first period
first tv time out they gave patrick kane's video it was great it started off with like all these
different fans with a sign thank you kane Kane, are kind of walking towards the camera
and they cut it in awesome ways
and all his highlights and quotes about him
and Blackhawks legends talking about him.
And you see all these names and guys
and they're all like greatest American of all time,
one of the best Hawks of all time.
Maybe, is he the best Hawk of all time?
I mean, I'm sure Bobby Hall,
there's an argument and all these,
but three cups, all those points and to do it as the first overall pick.
And then, of all things, he gets a breakaway in overtime,
slows it down, little stick handle, and shelf.
And let me tell you right now, who got in his way?
Wallman.
Wallman made the right decision.
I think he went to hug him.
He's like, no, no, no, no, no.
Give him his space.
Get the fuck out of my way.
Showtime, baby.
It was just amazing that it actually ended like that.
And it was so sick.
And by the way, Kane's got 28 points in 27 games.
So for anyone out there questioning how that hip surgery went
and how injured he actually was the past few years,
this guy's back.
Detroit's rolling.
What a game.
What a day.
And I just thought it was incredible.
And what's cool is when Chelios was the one who said,
and the greatest American player of all time, Patrick Kane,
you see the first guy in the celebrity box to stand up was Gretzky.
If Gretzky's leading the standing ovation,
you know you've reached legendary status.
Yeah, yeah.
So I'm sure it was super emotional for Kane, too,
that little video tribute.
He skated around once. He went tribute. He skated around once.
He went back.
He skated around again.
And they were getting louder and louder.
And I guess Duprinkit gave him another tap.
He goes, go for one more.
You don't really see that.
I mean, it was like three minutes, just him skating around.
But if anyone in the NHL deserves it right now, it's him returning back to a place that
he dominated and made his name and became a Hall of Fame legend.
So an amazing day.
And I think Chelios finally getting a number retired
is the perfect kind of send-off for him
as he's now an ambassador with the Blackhawks.
And it's like, especially as of late,
it hasn't been the most pleasant of days in Chicago,
not only just like the losing,
but with all the other bullshit that had gone on.
So for them to be able to kind of get the band back together,
not just Patrick Kane, but Seabrook was there,
Hosu was there, Duncan Keith, Sharp,
no Jonathan Taves, unfortunately.
Did you guys see him? No, eh?
No.
He wasn't there.
But to be able to kind of go through that group of guys
and what they did for that little dynasty as well,
to be there for Patrick Kane just as much as they were for Chelios,
just a huge night for the Blackhawks organization.
I think that Big Cat actually brought his kid,
and that was his first ever NHL game, was getting to experience that.
So the expectations are high for Conor Bedard to keep
performing if he wants to have exciting games at the United Center and speaking of Conor Bedard
awesome seeing that hit he threw on Kane Kane had the hilarious quote after he said if he didn't
have that bubble on I was going after him but he kind of rocked him a little bit right against the
wall and then they asked Kane about Bedard and and kind of like coming into the league and I
thought it was cool he said I just I'm very impressed by his game, his creativity, his shots, obviously out of this world.
But I appreciate being that phenom and that first overall pick because I know how much work goes into it.
And he actually, he goes into saying like, you know, a lot of people think it's God given, which there is for sure some amount of kind of God just tapping you on the shoulder, but it's so much work and drive and passion that I had
that I know that he's had to get where he's at, that he even mentioned Sharpie used to chirp.
I'm like, you're the silver spoon first overall. And Kane said to him, you should have worked
harder when you were a kid. And so I think like, but Dard's very similar to Kane. They're obsessed
with the game. We've talked about Crosby there there there's one focus in their lives and it's become evident that that bedard's
going to be pretty special right but him throwing that hit and him getting involved actually a pretty
funny clip i saw on the bench of bedard and felino and felino was kind of asking to maybe pull up and
as they entered the off the zone he's like you're you're too slow and and he meant like you were too
slow in the play and then it goes over felino's like did you just say i was too slow he's like, you're too slow. And he meant like you were too slow in the play. And then it goes over and Foligno's like, did you just say I was too slow?
He's like, no, no, I meant in the play.
Foligno goes, you're annoying me right now.
And they're laughing.
So it's just, it was an awesome time.
And I know it's been rough in Chicago, but that day, that building,
I read something that said it was as loud as it was in the 90s and the early 2010s.
And those dynasties that the Hawks had with Kane and Keith and Hosa and Seabrook,
I'm pretty sure they got three.
Did they lose in the Western Conference Final to L.A. on the other two?
L.A. won?
Yeah, Game 7.
Didn't it go Game 7?
Yeah, they could have got five.
I mean, they could have at least got four.
Say they win one of those.
Hey, and don't forget the Coyotes knocking them out the one year.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
Yeah, legendary Coyotes roster.
You talk about the tap that these legendary players get on the shoulder,
maybe from God, the God-given talent,
kind of the same thing that Cindy Crawford got with the looks
and then the fact that she still has the looks.
And then she can go to
center ice and nail that shot with high heels on in leather that cute little celebration she did
after too like she is still got it can we talk about maybe the most shocking news of the day
is bob buchner saying he didn't know who cindy crawford was yeah assistant coach of the red
wings i think newsy lalonde's like what the fuck's wrong with you, buddy? Sidney Crawford.
You know how many times I've cranked it off to her?
I'm pretty sure that I remember seeing Sidney Crawford and something's tingling and I'm 10.
I'm like, what is happening right now?
She's just a straight up rocket launcher.
And I think her husband's pretty goddamn handsome himself.
So, I mean, some people really do have it all, Biz.
You know, you get to be in bed doing a podcast
and Cindy Crawford's burying center-right shots in leather pants.
Here we go. Bless up.
Yeah, she still looks fantastic.
Yeah, Newsy said, I noticed Cindy Crawford.
Bob Boog just said, who's that? She's really pretty.
Newsy's like, oh, boy, you can really pick them out.
He's like, yeah, I got a good eye. Who is that?
I got a good eye. I mean, he's not that young.
He's not a fucking millennial. He's still fucking millennial. By the way, this is something
they used to do every game was pick
rockets out of the crowd in Chicago until
all of a sudden the era of you can't
even have ice girls anymore happened
and then now they really don't pick any rockets.
I think though with
everything that's even happening in
today's world and how everything's kind of shifting
back the other way.
I think they should not only get back to picking rockets to shoot at center ice,
but Rempe has almost revived the heavyweight title belt back in the NHL.
It feels like this young jam and this kid coming in now is maybe even pissing off some of the other guys around the league saying,
who the fuck is this young punk?
But hey, were they scrapping like this before?
Was there this much talk around fighting, what, two months ago?
No, there wasn't.
And for you fucking young kids coming up, all you vanilla lattes
who want to play third, fourth line and think you can skill it up,
take a fucking page out of Matt Rempe's book.
Because if this kid wants, he'll be making about a million bucks
maybe 1.5 till he's blue in the face
till maybe who knows
maybe he starts developing his skills a little bit more
and next thing you know
he's gonna be making 3 million on the next contract
because he fucking grabbed his fucking nutsack
and he got to the league
and he doesn't care
and he'll challenge anyone ready to fucking go
that's what we need to see more of
more of in the National Hockey League.
So I think an aspect of this is that it's the Rangers, right?
And it all began at the stadium series.
Sorry, I just dropped my phone.
Stay hot.
But the stadium series, and you know what?
I messed up last week when we were talking about this
and going over his special first game in his fight.
I didn't give Martin credit.
I didn't know that Martin went up to him and was like, hey, buddy,
I'll give you one here. That's awesome.
All the comments in our Instagram posts
were like, even from Rangers fans,
Matt Martin, one of the classiest guys
in the league. That's awesome. He knew
the kid wanted one. He gave it to him
in front of 75,000.
As Biz said, what do you think happened?
Deloria is like, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
The Rangers are coming into town.
I want a piece of this.
And you saw him standing over him at center ice and Rempe said, okay, buddy.
And then they go to Columbus.
And Olivier, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And now they're going to Toronto.
So as amazing as this is, I will say the kid's probably like, oh, fuck.
Like, he loves it.
You can obviously tell.
Open up a can of worms.
Yeah.
Oh, what has happened here?
And I think part of it is being on the Rangers and how the first fight was such a big story.
It's like it's a little different than if he was on the Blue Jackets, say.
Right.
It's like the Rangers come into town everywhere they go.
And what a team right now.
Holy four abilities.
And Shostakhin.
Oh, my God.
This guy, including his like bad game in the stadium series
he's still in february like the best goal in the league by seven miles so but the rangers come to
town and they bring fans to every building they're at and then these kids they just want a piece and
i don't blame them but the fact that he's brought this back and now i'm just saying for the kid and
and it you got to be a little careful. Against Olivier, who's a tough motherfucker,
I don't know if his defense is great, Biz, which respect.
He's chucking bombs, but he's kind of like he might have to figure
a little bit of the defense out if he's going to go every night.
So from my understanding, Martin said that he had just as long a reach as Chara,
and that's how hard it was to get through to him.
So it felt like he maybe handled the distance
and how he was able to hold Martin out
maybe better than the next two.
But I respect the fact that he's willing to stand in there
and exchange in order to try to get his shots in
and willing to take a few of his own.
That's kind of old school.
And that's why I think that people reacted
and have been reacting the way that they have been online.
And also, I think if you're another guy coming up and maybe you're, you're kind of on the fence and whether you want to chuck them or not, look at the response this guy's gotten.
He's a household name in New York city right now. And he's played five fucking games in the
national hockey league. Right. And maybe if he doesn't do that that he's back eating soggy subs on the bus in Hartford with the
wolf pack so I just I think that more guys should take this type of approach and make a name for
themselves especially if you're going to play limited minutes on the fourth line this is what
teams want they want these young guys to come in and instill energy in their lineup they want to
at least if you're just going to be dumping the puck in any way,
you might as well be running guys through the glass
and then chucking bombs
and trying to intimidate the other team.
So I don't have a problem with the way that he exchanges.
I mean, you obviously, like he did against Olivier, get caught.
And if you're doing that every other game,
if not once every three games,
it can become a bit much on the noggin.
It may not last is what I'm saying, right?
Well, I was doing that type of stuff in the America.
I was a little bit more technical about it
because I knew who I was going up against,
all these heavyweights, and that if they did connect,
it could do a lot of damage where you're going to spend
a lot of time in a lineup with a cocky.
I think that if they're wise,
they maybe try to get some old school fighter in there to
maybe help him out with his technique a little bit.
That way that, I mean, it's an advantage, right?
He's got that reach.
You might as well use it.
So I don't know who they're going to be able to get in there where they can help him with
the grappling aspect.
Like I play with a guy, Dennis Bombi.
You know, he wasn't the biggest guy,
but what he was really,
Matt,
I mean,
do you ever see his hands though?
He said,
I mean,
I don't think one of his fingers points the right way.
He basically looks like Michael Jordan where the way you're looking at
Michael Jordan's hand,
where it's like pinkies heading sideways,
his fingers are going East and West rather than North and South.
But it was from all that grappling.
So, you know, if the guy ended up changing where he was going to come at him with a right punch, he was able to tie him up and then get open so he could end up throwing the other way.
So that's kind of where a lot of those old school guys were good at that.
somebody in there who can teach him the ways, then he can be an ultimate force and a complete wrecking ball in the NHL because there ain't too many guys that are six, seven who are willing to
chuck them like he, like he is. So it's a testament to him. And like I said before,
you start by the fighting and let's say in your first couple of years, you're doing it 20,
25 times a year. You can maybe come in like Tom Wilson. I would say the skill level
on Tom Wilson high level is better than what Rempe's is. But the more you do that, the more
time and space you're going to get out there, because especially with these new guys in the
league, they're not going to want to come near you, especially in the net front. So as you keep
doing that, you're going to gain that respect. And as the skills come next thing, you know,
you're getting 10 goals, 10 assists and 20 fights. Well, then you just bought yourself a few more years in the
league. And next thing you know, maybe you're, you're, you're Tom Wilson where you're, you're,
you're putting up 25 and 25, and then you're signing a deal because you're this, this power
forward where they're far few between where you're getting a payday of 7 million bucks a year.
far few between where you're getting a payday of 7 million bucks a year.
So the sky is the limit in,
in,
in,
in my mind with the fact that he,
he can,
he's as mobile. He is for six,
seven.
He's willing to fight and he's willing to get that time and space for himself
moving forward.
So it's great to see it's great for the league and he shouldn't be buying any
beers for himself in the city of New York.
So in that phenomenal rant and hell of a job is mentioned at one point,
running guys through the black, the glass.
So that'll bring us to his hit against Bastion in New Jersey.
So devil's fans are all over me.
I retweeted the hit.
I said, how do you get kicked out of the game for this?
Now, a lot of people come back with the rule book and screenshots
and hitting to the head.
Okay. He's six, seven and bastions bent over with his head down for three seconds.
I don't really understand what you're supposed to do. There was no elbow. His arm was tucked in.
And I guess like the old, the saying now of avoidable hit, like tell me biz is avoidable
hit. Like don't hit him. If it's an avoidable hit,
does that mean do not hit him? And, and I understand you, you can't get the head, but
if a guy's bent over, I feel like that rule should change at least in that instance,
not to mention that he's six, seven. So it's like, I'm paid to hit people. I'm paid to
finish my check and run guys over. It was, I mean,
it was a great hit. I mean, look at what happened
to the guy, but I guess hitting him in the head,
you get booted. I just, with the height of
him and the other player being bent
over, I don't really understand. And the avoidable
hit thing, it's not like he...
That was something that was created online
during that
time. And even the
people barking online, even on the people barking
online on this one saying look how far he skated to get to him it's like the player is in play
he's making a play up ice he has the puck on his stick and then rempe skates towards him and when
when bashan ends up turning around rempe stops moving his feet. He plants them into the ice.
He doesn't jump.
He doesn't leap.
He's got his knees bent.
He's got his elbow down.
And yes, the first thing he makes contact with is his head.
Where the fuck else do you think he's going to hit him?
With the angle in which that Bastion's skating up ice and the way that you have to position
your knee flexion along with your torso flexion.
Yes.
Of course,
your head is going to be the first thing that it ends up hitting.
So I don't want to fucking hear this onus on the guy skating to a player in
play to make a fucking hit.
I'm I've had enough with it.
It's,
it's all the online idiots who have never played,
who are just going to keep barking and barking and barking
every time they see a big hit.
This one should have been on Bashan.
Now, talking about cocktails and the fact that he shouldn't be paying for one,
if you're a Devils fan, maybe buy him one too.
He had a rough game.
He takes that hit from Rempe,
and then Troubatrain comes in like no less than, what,
10 minutes in gameplay later,
and then they have the shot of Bashan inside the penalty box.
He's got the bloody nose.
He's looking at the score clock being like,
can we just fucking end the season already?
This is brutal.
There's also a picture of Trouba laughing after he runs him over.
He's like, oh my God,
the Rangers are dummying the devils in every sense say the right. It's just, oh, my God, the Rangers are dummying the Devils
in every sense of the word.
But, yeah, I'm fine if you want to give them a boarding call.
Okay, give them a boarding call.
But to kick them out of the game, I just don't get it.
And if the puck wasn't there, if it's one of those, all right,
one 1,000, two 1,000, all right, yeah yeah we can talk about a five in a game
but having the puck bent over with your head down and getting truck stick by somebody who's six
seven like there is no longer any people out there who say oh the head the guy probably should pick
his head up the guy should probably know who's on the ice no they just go after the hitter when
if you're if you're a guy in the league and you're of Rempe status
where physical play is part of your bag,
don't fucking listen to them.
Don't have any second thoughts about what you're doing
because if you go in there and you go for that poke check
and Bastion gives it that pretty little toe drag
and goes back the other way in scoring,
you know where you're at?
You're back in Hartford eating the fucking soggy subs again.
Put that guy through the fucking glass, and you know what?
If you end up getting a game or two, who cares?
You made the name for yourself.
Drury knows what the fuck's going on along with the coaching staff
and everybody else.
You'll be right back in the lineup, and Christ, I wouldn't even be surprised
if Dolan pays the fine because New York hockey is back, baby.
And I know I've been the biggest hater of them, but this is a fucking heater.
And this is the spice they needed in the lineup.
Look out, folks.
Look out.
And they had the chance to set a franchise record for, I believe, wins in a row in Columbus
and Columbus ended up getting them.
But I do, um, I want to shout out Lafreniere because, uh, in an age when we've talked a million times about the expectations of first overall picks and you have to come in and dominate.
But not everyone's McDavid.
Not everyone's Bedard.
Not everyone's Kane.
And this kid just keeps getting better and better and better and better.
And all of a sudden, like, you're noticing, wow, you know, he's still very young, 21 years old.
He's getting his game. He's getting his game. He's finding
his game. He's, he's got some swagger to him and okay. It's just taking them a little bit longer
and he's not a point per game this season, but I'm starting to see a version of a player who
in another two to three years could be a legitimate 30 goal, 80 point guy. And that's kind of in the
end, not what you're dreaming of with a first overall pick.
But if they get to be that type of player, you're happy and you love it.
Now, Kako, that's another story.
He stinks.
But Lafreniere, I love his game.
I love what he's done.
And it's a fun team to watch.
And if Shostakhin stays like this, there's no doubt in my mind that the Rangers could win the Stanley Cup.
And what a story that would be.
I think also, too, we talk about some of these guys, unsung heroes.
Is it Lindgren?
Is that how you pronounce his last name?
Yeah, Ryan Lindgren.
Zidane O'Chara was asked who was one of his favorite players in the league to watch,
and he said him. He just said his dedication to the game and everything that he brings night in and night out, his commitment to playing defense, blocking shots, and just like what he brings to the lineup. He mentioned his name and I've said it before in the past, like if you watch enough Rangers game, you can't have enough appreciation for this guy because he flies under the radar, but yet he does it all. And the amount of abuse he takes, I think he ended up taking like a puck or a stick
off the face, put the full cage
or bubble back on right back out
there. He's a honey badger.
He gets injured every game.
Like warrior injuries, like blocking shots,
pucks in the face. He's just always
in the mix.
He's a mucker.
Unbelievable story. Six round pick comes up
for an injury. He's like a folk hero in New York now.
Three fights his first five games.
First NHL to record 27-plus penalty minutes
and a game-winning goal within his first four career games.
And Saturday night, Biz,
we might have a little heavyweight revival versus Toronto.
We going to get Revo versus Rempe, you think?
I would not be surprised
because it's hard for Revo to find people who want to dance with him.
And I think that's going to be a strong possibility.
And with this young blood coming in, I think it's just completely revived the heavyweight title belt.
Now, do the Rangers play Montreal at all to finish off the year?
Because I think there's no doubt in my mind Wi-Fi is licking his chops at this right now
Wi-Fi loves the accolades of being that young up-and-comer guy but Rempe has kind of stolen
the headlines now April 7th they play April 7th and not to say in a bad way but there's some ego
involved here and it's it's a it's a good ego could be a good thing right it's it makes guys
want to thrive to be the best i have to imagine that these guys end up going toe to toe and is
it at the bell center or is it in new york msg oh my god well get your tickets now folks uh saturday
night when they play holyfield and tyson the only the only way that he doesn't fight Reeves is if LaViolette says,
don't fight Reeves.
Right?
If he's like, hey.
And then I will fight LaViolette to make up for the lack of fighting.
If that happens.
I will storm MSG if that happens.
Yeah.
No, actually, that Saturday night game.
It's in Toronto.
It's actually Rangers are at Toronto.
So it'll be.
Okay.
Let's go there. I'll go so it'll be okay okay let's go
there i'll go to back to tl let's go there maya culpa yeah that's all right right now on the bad
pasha side of the toronto maple leafs wow when you end up losing your top defenseman and the
team's been in the skids and everything's looking gloomy and doomy and you're talking about possibly
selling off parts and it's not the year and theomy and you're talking about possibly selling off
parts and it's not the year and the team goes on to go on a heater like the Toronto Maple Leafs
right now sometimes you got to tip your cap and sometimes you got to tip your cap to your producer
I mean your podcast partner and Paul Bissonnette I think Bertuzzi's I think he's finding his groove
I think it's taken him a long time but to get that hat trick and for them to walk into Vegas and Colorado and win both those games, including a Bertuzzi hat trick.
I mean, buddy, after the game before in which Domi had two goals.
So they're all kind of fine in their groove.
Austin Matthews is Austin Matthews.
Marner, I believe he's seven straight games with two or more points.
So as a guy who's been hard on him, he's on an amazing run right now.
The Leafs, the Leafs are buzzing.
The Leafs, I put out a list, actually, of the 10 teams, I believe,
who can win the Stanley Cup, and Toronto wasn't on there.
And boy, did the Toronto Maple Leafs fans come at me.
Now, granted, these are all the same people who two weeks prior were saying,
trade everyone in this team sucks. But maybe the Leafs are for real maybe the Leafs go out and make that
move maybe Tanev ends up there maybe they end up adding something to the deadline but when you're
going like this and Bertuzzi gets going and Domi gets going and all of a sudden everything's firing
and Riley's back man they've shut a lot of people up. Oh, my God. To hear you say all that and for me not to have to come in
and give them the major double wrister.
For you not to have to come.
I might go back and take a nap now right now in my fart sack here.
I mean, you pretty much touched on all of it.
When Riley got the five game, I was a little bit nervous, right?
But I'm saying, you know what?
I feel like adversity is something
that Toronto needs right now.
It can galvanize the group.
And William Nylander,
I want to say even after that first game
that they won that he was out of the lineup,
saying that what he did after that empty netter goal
and him going over and giving the cross check to the face,
it galvanized the group.
They were fired up in that locker room.
And yes, are they a little bit thin on the back end,
but I think to a man, every guy back there stepped up.
And Lilgrin was the one guy that I thought really elevated his game
in that five-game segment, right?
They ended up moving on from Sandin, and you're wondering,
okay, is that the little skilled defenseman they should have moved on from
or should it have been Lilgrin? And I will say in the second half, he's been tremendous. So for him to step it up with Morgan Riley being out of the lineup. Now, I don't know if you have the stat, R.A., but it's kind of a crazy number of their wins and losses when Morgan Riley's not in the lineup. So all of a sudden, everybody's trying to make a big deal about saying that they should keep him out even past the suspension.
I want to say without him in the lineup,
since he's been at Toronto Maple Leaf,
they're 18-2-3 or something.
Something crazy.
You might not have the number,
but even that core group of guys,
Johnny T was struggling earlier in the season.
He's fucking stepped up his game.
Austin Matthews, I don't think enough can be said about him.
You might be a leafs hater and
not had him in the mvp race but he continues to put the puck in the back of the net now the fastest
american-born player to reach 50 goals it took of what 52 games or 53 games to 54th his 54 games
excuse me to reach in arizona by the way. That was the biggest lock of all time, his hometown.
And then he added another one, too.
I mean, where was I on that bet?
That was probably as easy as a cash-in as Vegas Golden Knights winning it
in game five at home when they won fucking 10-cob
or whatever the hell it was when they scored eight or nine goals.
But William Nylander continues to be excellent.
You mentioned Marnerarner he's been
a dish and magician them all of a sudden getting contributions from a guy mcmahon where i don't
even think anybody in toronto at the beginning of the year to even know who the fuck that was
and matthews it's mcmatthews mcmatthews excuse me um you said max told me as well he is playing
that snarky mean fucking game that he needs to be he needs to be playing
and it that's another guy where he's been bumped up to the top lines when some guys haven't been
going and he's been contributing offensively and like i said as well bringing that physical
element to his game so if they can keep all this going with getting morgan riley after getting a
little bit of rest playing at the top of his game as well as finally Tyler Perduezy bringing some type of offensive element I seriously
think this is a nightmare first round matchup I am praying praying that they end up playing the
Boston Bruins in the first round because guys I think that they can take them down down I think they can exercise those demons of the past of blowing that 3-1 series lead just like when the Boston
Red Sox finally beat the Yankees to go on to finally remove the curse of the the World Series
I I feel something brewing in Leafs land all right I got a question for you buddy I can yeah
by the way told me um in terms of the Bruins' first-round matchup,
there is, in quotes, no fear of the Rangers or Toronto.
Do you maybe want to address that?
Actually, I believe I was asked if I was afraid.
It was a one-word answer.
I said no.
Yeah, I didn't say no fear at all.
No, I mean.
Oh, okay.
All right.
No, it's the same thing.
I said no.
I don't feel the Red Wings right now.
I think, I mean, Alex Lyon, I mean, we've got to talk about him.
He's basically the second year in a row,
he's basically kept the franchise afloat with his play.
He's been unbelievable for the Red Wings.
Well, let's stick on the goaltender topic.
But, Whit, you ended up sending a tweet out,
and I think you agree with me.
It's time that they try to move on from one goaltender,
either Allmark or Swayman,
to try to get a big asset back in return that could probably
play on a top-line
role for the Boston Bruins.
Do you think that it's time?
I do. R.A., I'd like to get
your opinion, but quickly, it's like
it is an amazing
luxury, right?
The Bruins have two awesome goals. They got
two number ones, but you have very, very few prospects available and to make a splash and to make a deal.
And with the age of the Bruins and what they have going in last year's disaster, like you're in it,
you're in it to win it. And it doesn't make sense to have two awesome goals. Yes, it's great. But
look at last year, they had two awesome goals and they still fucked it up by not playing the right guys and switching up as they did
throughout the regular season. It seems a little bit like Swayman's almost taken over the role
right now. And he's kind of the guy who's playing a little bit more as opposed to just them going
back and forth every game. And now it's like, all right, we need help up front. They need to do
something. I don't know what the Lindholm injury is.
I don't know if there's been a prognosis.
G, do you have any idea?
No, I'm not too sure.
Okay, so nobody knows there.
So they could need D help too,
but you have nothing to give to get what you need
to add to this team to give your chance to win the Stanley Cup
besides one of these goalies.
Swayman's younger,
and you can get a ton in return for Linus Allmark.
So I just look at it like we can't go into the playoffs again with what we
had last year,
minus Bergeron and Crecci and Hall and Bertuzzi and think that we're going
to be able to compete for the Stanley cup.
We got to try to add something up front.
And the only way they're going to do it is Allmark.
They also have a really good goaltending prospect in Providence.
I don't even remember his name. Brandon Bussey, Brandon Bussey so it's like i i and biz you said this long before
and i didn't agree with you but now it's like i don't know there's something with the bruins right
now they give up the lead in the last minute of every game and then lose an overtime it's insane
it's i i never seen anything like it they can't finish out a game and so it's like
all right well you got these goalies but you you need help scoring and you might need help on d if
lindholm's out so you got to make a move yeah it's dangerous and all of a sudden yeah swayman is truly
the guy but you got to believe in them at this point at least i do watching all these bruins games
and the reason going back to last year i said that I thought that they were going to do it last year,
but they ended up being able to add
all those guys like Bertuzzi came
in, Orlov came in. Did they pick
anybody else of significance up last year?
But they didn't have to move on
from that tandem. Who
are they, sorry? I got it, Hathaway.
Hathaway. The other
two guys, in my opinion, are significant
ads. Like you're getting a top four defenseman and also a top six winger
where that's kind of what they needed to do in order to compete in the East.
And I thought that that was a Stanley Cup lineup they had last year.
With losing those two centermen and last year not having to move on
from the goaltenders, I just think that you look really stupid this year
if you go into the first round and you end up losing,
say, in six or seven games, and maybe you lacked
a little bit of offense, and meanwhile you have
Swayman playing a net and then Allmark's on the bench.
You get to put one guy in net, and you have such
a valuable asset who's got, in Allmark, who's got
one year left on his deal next year.
He's making 4 million, so he's an extremely cap-friendly goalie next year he's making four million bucks so he's an
extremely cap friendly goalie that he's making five million bucks okay sorry I signed a four
year deal times five million but nonetheless for a guy who won a Vezina last year and a guy who's
still playing at the top of his game although he's not the starter in net that is such a small cap
hit that it was extremely appealing to a few teams that are ready to head into playoffs who don't really have a number one guy that they can trust.
Even a few other teams, like I would say that Cam Talbot's probably going to be a starter, but you're telling me that LA is not going to need to go out and get some goalie help or somebody to be a good backup.
And I bet you the list goes on to three, four more teams who are probably still trying to address that situation.
And I bet you the list goes on to three, four more teams who are probably still trying to address that situation.
So for me, we both know that the center position is something that they need to add to.
I don't know who they can go out and even get, but Allmark is such a big piece that if you're left keeping him on the bench and you lose in the first round,
and you talked about it, the age of this team, I just think that if you're a Bruins fan, you're saying, motherfucker, what are we waiting for here?
We're being too conservative.
Well, especially because you have to pay Swain in this offseason.
I mean, he's an RFA at the end of the season, so you have to pay him so you can't head into next season.
He's going to command at least six million.
So you can't head into next season with what?
Eleven million paying your goalies.
That just doesn't make sense.
That's my thing.
All Mark's getting built this summer.
So deal him before the deadline, right?
Like, there's no chance he's going to be on the team starting next year
unless they somehow traded Swayman.
So, like, do it now.
And, yeah, it sucks because it's amazing knowing you got two guys
and if one guy's struggling, you got all markers.
But in the end, like like you need help in other positions and you need to try to go for it this
year because there's probably some dark days heading towards the Boston Bruins, whether it's
in three years or five years, at some point, this like 20 year run of being like competitive
and having a chance to win is going to end. And why not try to get more out of what you have now sacrificing an asset
while you still have a great goalie once you move on from Omar.
So we'll see how that goes.
And, you know, obviously they're going to want a big return,
but the Bruins are just,
there's something about the Bruins that they're just missing.
Yeah.
I mean,
you would probably compare it to almost like the the playoff and run that the
the the red wings were on maybe not like every year but just the the sustained dominance for
20 years of you know being able to make playoffs most year always being at the top of the division
and look at what happened to detroit after it was all said and done they had five six years of hell
to where now they're finally starting to turn the corner.
So you got to push the chips in.
Quickly.
Yeah.
After Wednesday night of this week
where you got to be a part of the broadcast,
I mean, can you imagine an Oilers-Bruins Cup Final, by the way?
Oh, my God.
I mean, we thought that Philly-Pittsburgh 7-6 Sunday was fun.
I'm sure there weren't a ton of East Coasters
besides Bruins fans awake with that 10-15
start out in Edmonton.
One of the games of the year.
The Bruins go up 4-1.
The Oilers come storming back.
Poshinok takes the lead.
Hyman ties it up.
And McAvoy with maybe the best OT winner of the season.
I mean, McAvoy is just, he's one of the top dogs, man.
You're talking about starting your team.
If you could have a choice of any defenseman,
he's in that top three, top four.
What a player.
And to have the skill to make that move
and just an overall amazing game with two teams
that have so much firepower up front,
and then they put it all on show, on TNT,
for the U.S. viewers to be able to see that,
that was an awesome matchup.
Yeah, especially as a D-man, like last guy back.
I know Kane slid, but that toe drag move
and then the patience to go over to the backhand.
We actually, in that broadcast, we broke down a demo
in the first game because I think it was Drysdale
who ended up sliding on a two-on-one.
And then it got slid over and then that puck
ended up in the back of the net um or no sorry it was actually uh it was it was a a Blackwell
who ended up like basically toe dragging around up scored a beautiful goal when you were playing
DeWitt were your coaches or even coaches anti-slide? So I had some coaches that were and some coaches that weren't.
So I know we have many listeners who know a ton about hockey
and have played hockey, but if you're somebody who isn't necessarily aware
of how you're supposed to play a two-on-one, the basis of it is this.
Two forwards are coming down and you're a defenseman.
Your number one job is to not let the puck get through you. So you're almost at a way of saying this is taking away the pass, right?
You give the goalie the shooter and you make sure that there's not going to be a pass through your
feet, through your triangle, because the goalie has no chance, right? When it goes side to side,
you're donezo. So a lot of defensemen are kind of taught, all right, we'll kind of lean over
towards that player without the puck, maybe give a little stick checks and just try to make sure that that puck
doesn't come through. So there's coaches who say, listen, you got to lay down, you got to slide,
take away that option completely because there's players out there, there's Crosby's, there's
McKinnon's, there's Marner's who no matter what you do, if you're on your feet, they're finding a
hole and they're getting it to that backdoor guy and the goalie's dead.
But what happens is there's the side of coaches that say, do not leave your feet because those
same players I mentioned, those same elite playmakers, once you leave your feet, they're
hitting the brakes, they're throwing the beautiful toe drag on you and they're sliding it over.
They're scoring themselves.
I never liked going down, but I wasn't great at it over. They're scoring themselves. I never liked going
down, but I wasn't great at it. My timing wasn't good. There's defensemen who were so good at
timing it, right? It's all about when to slide. It's all about where your stick is as you slide,
because you guys slide and all of a sudden the player still gets it through that hole between
your glove and the stick and right that little spot. It's the size of a puck and these guys still
can find it. I think it's better off staying on your feet because worst case, right,
when you're down and out and the goalie does somehow make a miraculous save,
you're not there to clear the rebound.
You're in the fucking corner.
You're in the corner, and you're looking over as the two on O's
in front of the net with no back checker, and you're catching that minus.
So at least stay in on your feet.
If they get it through you or the guy takes the shot, you're there with a stick to whack away the rebound. You're there
to take away a man and not give him a chance to score. So if I was coaching, I'd say learn to
stand on your feet. The problem is with the level of talent in the NHL, stand on your feet. There's
some guys, no matter what, they're finding it. They're finding that hole. So it's all about
playing it positionally perfect. And that's really really difficult so i'd be interested to talk to different coaches who think stay on your feet and then once
you say get down and slide and take it away but it's tough because they can make you look foolish
either way i hate uh i don't like when guys slide face first because in that situation you don't
really have the ability to stop at all whereas if you go feet first sometimes
you can quickly use your upper body to pop up and hit on the brakes so you don't end up sliding all
the way into the corner and you talked about how some guys are good when they slide with their
stick I thought Drysdale in that first game and the reason I brought up is because Evander Kane
ended up coming sliding through and that's why McAvoy ended up making him look silly but Drysdale
slid feet
first and then he came around the stick but Blackwell the way that when he toe dragged he
actually ended up like he ended up like sticking his ass out and led with his skates so his skates
ended up blocking the stick from from hitting it off his stick when he was toe dragging it and I
just thought it was a beautiful beautifully executed play by the forward so I
guess it's just like even when you're sliding perfectly sometimes the skill on these forwards
man they can find ways to put it in the put the puck in the net as you said so definitely a debate
amongst coaches I I heard coaches going at it when I was playing whether they liked it or not so
I guess it's all preference but uh I don't know what the quote-unquote analytics would tell you.
Well, Biz, I'll tell you this.
If you slide and it works, good job.
And if you slide and it doesn't work, what the fuck do you do?
Slide.
Have a seat here, buddy.
That's pretty much how it works out.
Right between the D and the forwards there.
Grab a seat.
Hey, you want to try toe-dragging someone at the blue line?
If it works, awesome play.
If it doesn't, sit down on the bench and shut your mouth.
Yeah.
All right.
Before we go any further, here's a word from our good friends over at
Bartyama.
Spitting Chicklets is brought to you by Bartyama Zero Sugar.
Bartyama Zero Sugar is a new zero sugar sports drink from our friends at
Bartyama with no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
Whether you're looking to stay hydrated or recovering from a long weekend body armor zero sugar has got you
covered body armor zero sugar has great taste and flavors like my favorite hair fruit punch got some
lemon lime as well whether you're planning a wedding staying up late making your podcast
doing a workout late night recorders whatever Body Armor Zero Sugar replenishes you so good,
you feel like a million bucks when you chug some of this stuff down.
And it is available in stores nationwide,
but you can head over to the Body Armor store on Amazon as well
and get yours today.
Enjoy some Body Armor Zero Sugar like myself.
Grab some fruit punch.
Well, Wednesday wasn't the only night we had superstars on TNT Sunday, man.
We got to give Kucherov some love.
Unbelievable game he had versus New Jersey.
He had a 4-1 win for Tampa.
Solidified their playoff chances a bunch.
He factored in all their goals.
A goal and three assists.
The first play to hit 100 points this season.
He did it in 59 games.
His previous best was 62 games.
Now it's 102 points in 59 games.
Right now, Kucherov and McDavid are the only two players over the last 25 years to hit 100 points in fewer than 60 games. Now it's 102 points in 59 games. Right now, Kucherov and McDavid are the only two players over the last
25 years to hit 100
points in fewer than 60 games.
Tampa Bay, they've been on, not really a run
lately, but they've been kind of staying solid where they are
in the playoff spot. 69.60
games currently in the wildcard,
number two wildcard spot, rather.
But how about Frank the Tank? We're going to talk about Frank
the Tank getting tossed out of that fucking Jersey game.
If you're not familiar with Frank the Tank, he's a co-worker at basketball.
He gets a little bit passionate, but I think he was politely asked to leave the game with.
Did you check out that clip at all?
I saw the clip.
So I'd like to say that me and Frank are friends.
I love the guy.
Every time we used to do the streams in the gambling cave, he always would come join us, which I liked.
And, you know, he's got all these different factoids about all these different sports.
He's a fun guy to hang out with.
Having said all that, I've long made it public.
He's the worst fan in the world.
Worst.
The worst.
But I love it because I'm not a Devils fan.
Or a Mets fan.
I love the toxic behavior.
So like I enjoy seeing him go nuts about the Mets and the Devils.
But if I was a Mets or a Devils fans, I would hate his guts, right?
Because it's all doom and gloom and it's all negativity until they finally win.
And then he's like, told you so. So it's kind of one of those things where I think Devils fans are
kind of sick and tired. And the one thing I'll say is if you have season tickets and you're
sitting around Frank, I mean, you should, you should invest in earplugs and hope to God that
you have a multiple lifetime supply of
them and because you got to deal with this guy screaming now what he's screaming about has a
valid point the expectations of the devils and yes they've battled injuries probably worse than
any other team this year but nobody saw this coming this has been a disaster of epic proportions
they suck and he's all over lindy Ruff as many other Devils fans are.
But I think when you're screaming fire Lindy over and over and over, finally, some other Devils fan
says, please shut up. And then the tank explodes. And when the tank explodes, there's no putting the
oil back in the tank. It's leaking everywhere. And I believe he was asked to leave. I think there
was a video of
a security guard and then you know tank immediately starts biting on his chew toy and boom the tankers
exploded so it's one thing to kind of enjoy it as as we get to see it online but to sit next to it
game after game it probably can be a little bit exhausting um well i was just gonna say go go
into the devils like the goaltending has just been ruining them.
I mean, I don't know if you caught that game and some of the goals that went in.
The one where he ended up over sliding.
The one-handed goal by Hagel.
I mean, come on.
That puts the game out of reach.
It ends up 3-1 at that point.
But overall, do you guys think a coaching change needs to
happen this year like i think that that might if they're not going to get a goalie i think their
only hope in hell is maybe a coaching change it's nothing against lindy ruff i really think that
they're missing andrew brunette i've said that a couple times like with all the success he had in
in florida as an assistant and then having to take over after Quinville left.
I thought he was incredible the rest of the regular season.
People might put that playoff performance when they ended up getting bounced first round on him,
but I don't think so.
And now he's obviously going on to have success
with the Nashville Predators.
I just think losing him as basically Lindy
having a head coach there to lean on
is just something that is being overlooked a lot.
And you mentioned that without mentioning their power play
makes the Penguins' power play look like the 1989 Oilers.
They're two for their last 42.
Dude, you have Hughes, you have Heashier, you have Bratt,
you have Mercer, you have Toff foley how is your power play two for 42
and i'm sure andrew burnett had a lot to do with the power play yeah um so since january 1st i
believe the worst power play in the league it's clicking at about nine percent right now with all
those guys that you just mentioned so uh given the given the lack of goaltending right now,
the offense drying up from a power plays perspective,
and even if you're watching their games,
I said this on the broadcast,
they were a team that dominated off the rush last year.
Whether it was just gaining easy zone access
because their speed coming through
was pushing defensemen off the line
and they were being able to get these extended offensive zone shifts and or legitimately
scoring off the rush.
One of the best teams in the league, if not the best team last year at putting the puck
in the net off of these rushes.
You're not seeing that anymore.
So not only the power play not working, one of your biggest offensive weapons from last
year not clicking, you're just, they don't have a pot to piss in right now and it's looking like they're going to miss
playoffs um we kind of glanced over cooch and what he's doing uh i know we talked we talked about the
four points and the fact that he's the first guy to reach 100 points um still once again looked
effortless doing it i would probably put put him and McKinnon right now
neck and neck for the heart.
I know I've been beating the McKinnon drum,
beating the McKinnon drum,
but with no Kucherov and now no Sergeyev in their lineup,
there's no way that they're in a playoff position.
So I know McKinnon has been the guy I've been leaning on,
but I would say that right now they have to be neck and neck.
And as a Maple Leaf ball bag licker, I obviously would like to put Matthews as number one, but Ace brought up
a good point on the panel as well. For probably the first 20 to 25 games, most people would have
probably had William Nylander as the Toronto Maple Leafs MVP, maybe even the first 40 games.
So to me, it would be unfair to not put those two guys neck
and neck and I almost think that the Vegas odds has them tied right now going into this final
stretch of the season who do you got who do you guys have I have Kucherov but I think and I think
there's no way that if if it stays this even that uh he gets the votes over McKinnon and I think
it's a Russian thing and I think the all- McKinnon. And I think it's a Russian thing.
And I think the all-star game in that performance will affect it.
I know that.
I don't agree with it.
But I'm telling you, if the season ends
and Kucherov and McKinnon continue to play this well the entire way,
I think Kucherov deserves it.
But I think Canadian bias will affect the voting.
I really do.
And also, quickly about Kucherov,
he's got 102 points in 59 games.
So as a fan, you're like,
oh man, there's got to be an 80-point guy on the team.
No, there's got to be a guy with 70 points.
No, there's a guy with 62 points.
He's got 40 goddamn points more than the next guy on his team.
And I don't think
non-hockey players or fans
understand how ridiculous
that is. Like, in these years
of McDavid lighting it up, like, there's
Dreisaitl lighting it up, right?
In the years of Crosby lighting it up, there's
Malkin lighting it up. In the years
of McKinnon, we got Rontanen.
This guy is doing it
by himself. And in that game against
jersey i i swear to god i watched the whole game sitting at the pool bar it was a beautiful day of
rum runners with floaters it was just thankful for being alive i think he could have had 10 points
he was every single shift he was making something He could have had 10 on that ball shift where ball looked like you in Edmonton.
I tweeted the group.
I go, get ball off the ice.
It looks like me in Edmonton.
He was falling down.
Kucherov's laughing going by him.
But, man, with all the skill in the world and all the vision and the creativity
and his shot, nobody talks about how good his shot is.
He competes like a dog.
And that's the difference between the truly great ones
and the 80-point guys.
He is furious out there if you take the puck from him.
He'll do anything to win.
I know people may hate this.
He's one of the dirtier players in the league.
But what does that do for him?
It probably creates even more space.
So I right now think Kucherov is the MVP of the league,
but I think you'll see some Canadian bias and some North American bias. And I think if McKinnon
continues on this pace, he gets it. And my other thing about Matthews, unless Matthews gets 70,
which we've talked about, when will we see a 70 goal score? If he gets 70, I'm cool with giving
it to him. The argument would be he doesn't even lead his own team in scoring it's kind of like saravelli said there's never been a heart winner that finished second
on their team in scoring very interesting fact i know but we haven't had a 70 goal score in like
what 40 years so it's kind of it that'll be interesting to see that play out but kucherov
deserves it but i'm telling you right now if you don't think him being russian and his performance
at the all-star game will affect some of these voters,
you're crazy.
If he finishes 20 points ahead of McKinnon, you still think.
And he doesn't get it.
That, I think, is enough to get it.
But if he's like eight points in front of him, I think McKinnon gets it.
I agree with you.
And I think it would also, I would say from my voting perspective
and maybe my bias
and no disrespect to Kucherov and when I say it looks effortless it doesn't mean he's not putting
an effort he's just cracked the code where he just has figured it out so it looks easy when he's
doing it I think the fact that McKinnon could have and should have probably won it the year that
Halsey won it plays a factor in that he doesn't have one,
and it would be criminal if McKinnon has a career that he has
and never wins a heart.
And they do some of that.
They do some of that.
It's his time.
That's how I'm voting in my head if the points are close enough.
Because if you also watch
And Kucherov has one.
Yeah, and Kucherov has one. And if you also watch, yeah, Kucherov has one.
And if you also watch the games, I mean, to watch McKinnon play is, is also a treat because
like maybe in some cases where you say Kucherov, oh, it looks easy.
And it's like, he's not working hard McKinnon.
It just looks like he's fucking running a truck out there and he's blown by guys and
he's galloping.
And it even more probably like looks a little bit more fun to enjoy.
So that's my bias.
I would probably lean to McKinnon if it was that close.
So I think everything you said is bang on with,
though, as far as the bias is concerned.
Quickly, it wasn't on the outline for the show,
but I just wanted to go into, because we also brought up Brunette, the canceling of the U2 show at the Sphere.
All that team's done since is win five in a row.
So you got to, at some point, give a coach and a GM a little bit of credit for taking away a cookie because it worked.
And I know players may say, it doesn't fucking work.
We just started playing better.
But you can't dog what they did
if they end up going on this little run
they have gone on since that little cancellation.
So shout out to the Preds,
and I guess shout out to Trotz and Brunette
for making a tough decision.
So that was a side note that deserved to be mentioned.
And that's why I shouldn't be a coach,
because I'm a pushover bitch.
My players would run my show.
I was hoping they squeezed it in on that Friday night,
but apparently they did, because you two, I think there's only
like two more shows left. But just to jump
back on Cooch, I was talking to Cooch back in December
and he even said he's the best player in the planet
right now. And I don't remember
an MVP race this close with this many
guys. I mean, a
decent amount of time. I mean, these guys can leapfrog
each other. There's still tons of time left. And
to go back to Jersey, the coaching change, I think
it's way too late for that.
If they were going to make that move,
they should have done it a month and a half ago.
I think they're a little bit too far out right now.
Jersey, what are they, 62 points,
seven behind the wild card, five behind Philly.
They got a game in hand, but I don't know.
I think it's too late to make that move. I don't disagree with you either.
And going into that game against Tampa,
New Jersey was five points behind.
And that effort to know that essentially,
I thought that that was the season on the line right there.
The fact that they lost that game, it's over.
I don't see them making playoffs
unless they do something drastic that brings them back.
So now seven points back after that dumpster fire
in which was a pathetic performance performance but here's the thing that
devils fans and that idiot pasha is kind of holding on hope is that they're not really chasing the two
wild card spots they're chasing the flyers and so if the flyers end up selling off like they they
got walker they got sealer now drysdale's injured it looked pretty bad too yeah same shoulders last year that
yeah i felt really bad and he's it's hanging as he's running down the tunnel but if they end up
like deciding to move on from guys and almost sticking to the longer term plan as opposed to
wow we've had success this year let's try to maybe add and and make the playoffs but if they do sell
off then the devils they just got to catch theers. I don't know if they play again or how many times they play again this year,
but it's almost the third in the Metro they're chasing as opposed to the two wild cards.
Because I think it's pretty clear that the Atlantic Division is going to be the two wild cards.
Right.
I think it might be Detroit and Tampa Bay.
Yeah, those two are pretty firmly ensconced in there right now.
But again, keep with the theme of stars on TNT,
your boy Sid Crosby
went, what a fucking, I mean, this guy's with 36.
He looks like he's 26 out there.
Four points, like you said earlier, Biz, he's got
129 points, the most points
any opponent's had against the Flyers since they entered
the league back in 1967,
and this is a team that looked dead a week
and a half ago with the Flyers, the Penguins,
and fucking, they're right back on the race.
Do you think they get in?
They got games in hand,
which is helping them already.
And he actually won up cooch.
He had five points on Sunday and that puts them at 130 points.
The most ever by a Pittsburgh or any player,
excuse me,
against the Philadelphia flyers.
So wait,
you think Pittsburgh's going to make playoffs?
No, I it's, it's going to make playoffs? No.
It's all Crosby.
And if there's one human being that could do it, it's him.
But, I don't know, Malkin is, like, non-existent, man.
I watch these games.
And what a career and what a run.
But it's just kind of, of like laissez-faire and
and then there's Crosby just dragging his team along making defensive plays scoring big goals
blocking shots like I I actually I actually think that the league and fans of the league don't even
understand how lucky they are to have this guy represent this
sport the last 20 years and not to mention what he does on the ice and what he does in the community
and how many lives he's changed in the city of pittsburgh and that's not an exaggeration
younger kids getting into the game charities all these things that he's done to create
not only a winning culture off the ice but uh a very strong, supportive community in Pittsburgh around the
Penguins and Sidney Crosby and his legacy there. But then he goes after the game and he's doing
the interview with you guys and Tony Granato coached him and he's going through the battle
of his life. And Sid says these super kind words about what he means to him. It's just like,
it's one of those people touched by God raised the right way. He
has respect for everyone. He doesn't act bigger than the game. He doesn't act bigger than a
fourth liner on the team. He's just like one of those guys you dream to have represent your team
in your city. And, and if anyone can do it, it can be him, but where are the rest of the penguins?
And they have to trade Gensel. I think I was actually completely against that, but then
there was the TNT chicklets alt cast where I said all right enough's enough the Panthers made him look like fools and
there's been a little bit of a bounce back but when we talk about chasing down that third spot
in the metro buddy like it's one thing that right now they're five points behind sorry seven points
behind the Flyers and yes they have four games in hand on them. But it's not just that.
They've got to leapfrog the Islanders, the Devils, and the Capitals.
So you can't look at the points and the games in hand.
You've got to look at the teams that you actually have to get over.
Because those teams are going to be winning and competing as well.
So I don't think the Penguins get in, man.
And it's shocking.
And it's all the power play.
I don't know if they had a score change in that business.
Because the Boxer had a goal and three assists.
I think they credited him with an assist during the game,
but I think they might have changed it.
Oh, I thought, yeah.
Well, he had four going in,
and then I thought that the last goal,
he ended up getting a point on.
So, my apologies.
No, that's all right.
Yeah, I mean, he's been unreal.
60 points in 55 games this year.
Like I said, he looks a decade younger than he's been playing,
but no support so far.
Biz, what was up with you and Jazz?
A little WWF action?
Yeah, we were just fucking around.
Well, he's a big Flyers fan.
He's from Philadelphia.
And he gave me a nugget beforehand.
He said the Penguins have not scored more than two power play goals
in any game this season.
And I think maybe I did say the stat wrong,
or he thought I said the stat wrong,
so I just had enough,
so I went back there and fucking dummied him.
But like in flyer fashion,
when I had my back turned,
he jumped on me and strangled me.
He's a dirty boy, that Jazz.
You dummied him.
No shock there,
but great week on TNT anyways,
unreal games.
Oh, so many good games. And in that vein, actually we haven't even mentioned it, I guess you on TNT anyways, business. Unreal games. Oh, so many good games.
And in that vein, before we actually haven't even mentioned it,
I guess you had Sam Ryan out.
We talked to him about Toronto a couple weeks ago.
We're going to bring him on very shortly.
But I know I beat this drum and I haven't for a while,
but the whole blackout in NHL Network stuff,
Colorado, Toronto, a marquee game Saturday night.
I'm sure it was Hockey Night in Canada up there.
The only people who could watch it in America was NHL Network,
which, by the way, once again, they do not even have a fucking streaming outlet.
The NHL, you can't watch this game streaming.
You can only watch it on the NHL Network.
Certain smart TVs, like if you have a Samsung smart TV,
you can't download certain apps to log into certain cable things.
So I just don't know why they're forcing these games.
And even Sunday, the Chelly Ceremony, the Detroit-Chicago game,
that was only on the NHL Network.
The people, it's every week, man, every night, people getting blacked out.
It's a joke.
The NHL has to fix this because you're preventing people from watching your product.
It's fucking 2024.
These whole zones with blackout regions, just do away with them.
Young kids aren't watching fucking TV anyway.
So they need to fix it, man, because they really cost themselves.
So end of rant right there, boys.
I think we should send it over to Sam Reinhart right about now uh before we go to reinhardt yeah
uh florida panthers might be the best team in the nhl um they were on an incredible road winning
streak and the only way it was stopped was by carolina who's also carolina and dallas are the
exact same teams to me where they're like very, very good. And nobody talks under the radar.
They're under the radar.
Awesome.
And I don't think they mind it one bit.
And Carolina beat the Panthers one,
nothing to stop that road winning streak.
And it was only because the Panthers had a goal called back on the worst
rule in the league,
the offside review.
Let's hope they figure that goddamn rule out,
but shout out to the Panthers.
This team
has all the makings of a cup contender and a cup champ. So Reinhardt sat down with us and this kid,
very similar to Besser, just a cool cat. And I guess probably it's because he knows he's going
to sign for about 80 million in the next few months, but thank you for sitting down with us.
And I hope everyone enjoys. All right, before we go any further, here's a few
words from our friends over at DraftKings. Get in on the hockey action with DraftKings Sportsbook,
one of America's top rated sportsbook apps. New customers who deposit 5 or more can get a no
sweat bet up to 1,000 back in a bonus bet. What's a no-sweat bet?
It's just like missing the net.
Miss your first shot, you get another opportunity to score.
Bonus bet back.
You can also follow all your favorite Barstool personalities at Betting On by joining the Barstool Bet Group
in the social section of the DraftKings Sportsbook app.
This thing is unbelievable.
We have it here in Massachusetts.
If you like to play, there's none better.
I'll tell you that for free. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use the code CHICKLETS. New customers can get a no-sweat bet up to 1,000 if your first bet
loses. Unbelievable deal. Only on DraftKings Sportsbook with the code CHICKLETS. The crown
is yours. or visit ccpg.org. Please play responsibly. On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 plus age varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
One no-sweat bet per new customer.
Issued as one bonus bet equal to amount of initial losing bet
and expires 168 hours after issuance.
See dkng.com slash promos for deposit, wagering,
and eligibility restrictions, terms, and responsible gaming resources.
Well, it's great to welcome our next guest.
This 28-year-old forward from British Columbia
was taken second overall by Buffalo at the 2014 NHL Draft.
After seven seasons as a Sabre, he was traded to Florida,
where he has since averaged just over a point per game,
and he's here in Toronto for his his first nhl all-star game
appearance we're very happy to welcome to the spit and chickens podcast sam reinhardt congrats on the
all-star game in the hell of a season so far brother good job thank you appreciate you guys
having what a heater this guy's been on holy fuck sammy reinhardt putting the strap on on the free
agency pay me contract here pay me and and probably the main reason we have you on this
podcast is because you're good buddies with pasha eschke now pasha eschke is a villain in the spit
and chicklets world i don't know if you know this because he's been well aware well vancouver jt
miller and he's been double wristing his new jersey devils non-stop with ridiculous takes you
know what i did i did see that clip that take he had on jt
and thoughts that's not the right thing what that is not all right
he won't walk it back the guy's gonna win like a playoff mvp and possibly i don't know man i
will like which is bad i will say i gave the devils no chance against the rangers in my pick
before that me. Me too.
That was a hell of a series, but back and forth.
But that was the worst take I've seen all year.
Hey, don't feel bad.
I had the Panthers missing playoffs last year.
So did we all, I guess. Yeah, yeah.
But especially at this time.
I had the Bruins missing playoffs last year.
I think we were 20 points out at this time last year.
You guys have had quite the run.
I mean, just talk about your streak so far this year.
From what I'm hearing is you had a big off season.
The training-wise, you took a deep dive.
You fucking got in the best shape of your life,
and you came in ready to go.
Well, he got married.
None of that matters.
He got married.
Oh, okay.
So there's less nights with the boys then.
No, honestly, it's kind of taken out of context.
It's the less I've done over my eight years.
Really?
In an off season.
It's just I've had so many long summers.
I've done a tremendous amount each summer and put in the work.
And I think it allowed me to do less, just stay healthy, be ready for this year.
Yeah, I was able to tweak a little thing
with tweak a little things with my team back home and and and do less and more more feel good and i
think it was that kind of base over a bunch of years that and less time on the ice i did so much
off ice and it was it was allowed me to stay off the ice less because it took no time getting back
on to that's what i was gonna ask we we interviewed We interviewed Gary Roberts yesterday, and he talked about he's really trying to get guys
to not skate as much.
So many guys just love skating now all summer.
So for you, was it like, all right, let's just,
I don't need to be on the ice every day in July and August.
Absolutely.
It's a fine line that I've always kind of battled.
Yeah, you could skate every day.
Your hands would feel phenomenal.
You would have a better touch coming back um but god damn your hips yeah everything going throughout the season it's
i've been very fortunate knock on wood been very healthy and i think that's probably a little bit
of why staying off the ice but doing a lot off i started staying yeah doing a lot less on ice so
i think it all kind of contributes to it.
I remember I texted you at some point this year.
Merle's asked me to ask you if you're playing with a longer stick now,
and you actually said it's shorter now than it used to be?
Shorter.
It kind of took me five years to feel out.
I actually used a straight stick, more of a straighter curve in junior.
Didn't last very long with that in the NHL,
but it took me five or six years to kind of finalize what it was,
and I actually shrunk my stick a little bit.
Someone was asking me about Barkov's stick the other day,
just how long it was.
I don't understand how, like, you move it around your body,
how your hands are it so tight yeah
like having in tight some of these guys like ekblad i brought him up in an interview
he's so he's such a long stick i mean obviously he's a defenseman but
just i don't understand how you have such a long stick and you're able to i would get jammed up on
the wall all the time i think short long stick regardless you're getting jammed up on the wall. Okay.
I love this.
I wish 40 young guys would come on and fucking turn me like this.
Okay, game on, you motherfucker.
Exactly, yeah. He could have no stick.
He's getting jammed up.
Yeah, yeah.
But going back to the straighter curve, though,
I felt like a straighter curve helped along the walls as well,
where if you're a winger, I I don't have it, a banana hook on
it sometimes can get a little tricky, no?
Maybe I got it wrong.
Sometimes it's almost easier.
So it's, it's straight for about three quarters
of it.
And then the toes got a pretty good hook on it.
Like my cock?
Like my cock?
I knew you were thinking.
No, Sammy was thinking what he was saying.
The posture originally started that one.
So it almost makes the backhand a little easier
because it's still relatively flat.
I mean, look at Kucherov.
He's got a hook too, does he not?
Yeah.
If he can do it with a hook,
you should be able to practice it a little bit
and get a feel for it.
But I don't think it, it almost keeps it on your toe with a hook you know you should be able to practice it a little bit but um and get a feel for it but
i don't think it i it almost keeps it on your toe and makes it a little bit easier for me
shot everything that helps made better for me see i mentioned that in the intro you've been
averaging over a point per game of florida did you do anything different down there did anything
change it was just the whole circumstances the new team new lineup new code all that stuff
i mean well we'll get to actually play with Barky after this,
but my first year we scored 10 goals a game.
I mean, everyone had career years, adjusted our style,
obviously with a new coach.
It was just not a style that was relatively prone
to being successful in the playoffs.
It was run and gun it was running gun running
gun but no we were playing we were winning i actually had a slow start that year too almost
every year but um yeah i think it was november and then started playing with hubie a little bit
um got on the board and then our third line got going so it was good because everyone was scoring
our power play was good it was just your your win is that the year you had 32 comebacks or something yeah yeah these crazy
games exactly yeah six five for sure it was third periods it was just sometimes you're in that mode
and it almost feels a little too easy you know and then you're not ready but like with barco
it took a while it was the same thing with ike's like we didn't have chemistry right away
um almost a lot of discussion between you guys at the beginning trying to figure it out
yeah so we we played about 15 games at the start of last year we our coach brought it up to us this
year our numbers our stats were off the charts we just couldn't score we were just puck wasn't going
in and then um went back this year at the start and
everything just kind of started clicking and then you start feeling it i don't know the the power
play is amazing like i think you have more power play goals than six teams in the league and for
for any offensive player like the power plays where you just get that confidence you're getting
points you're getting the touches like so for you to to light it up this much it must be not a relief but you're like all right this is perfect
because now i know exactly where i am on the ice and barky knows exactly where i'm going to be
the power play can take off a lot of pressure it can put a hell of a lot more pressure on
um we kind of actually struggled at the start of the year and uh but barky and i were actually
producing five on five still so it was take some pressure
off but the power plays helped just the whole team truck and i were just laughing at this on break
just kind of thinking about the success we've had using the middle of the ice and it's just
every other power or a lot of power plays it's a black hole right everyone hates to be there
even when paul came and he said obviously we have truckie i'm not going to be goal line anymore he's so he said i think we're going to
put you in the middle i know it sounds terrible but we'll work it out and it actually took until
playoffs to start kind of seeing the success with it last year take some time to get a feel for it
but you got to distribute the puck there you can't you have to you even during this pressure it's all about the guys around it timing it right and and and finding you in there so i've been a factor of that but but
you've had to kind of learn how to find in that how to find that empty area i did the same thing
when i went to buffalo uh and then we drafted ike's it's like well shit i'm not going to be
on the half wall you got to figure out how to be out there and then kind of developed how to be a goal line
guy and then, uh, figure that out.
And then, uh, obviously take some, take some
time in the middle, but it's all about putting
the puck there and all these teams do diamonds
now it's, it's a vulnerable spot.
Did you see the Daryl Belfry breakdown I
ended up redoing on TNT where he explained how
you expose the the the opposite side
of the ice so I guess you're you're a righty right yeah when you're on the left side and you're
usually around the goal line area how you're always able to find those scene passes where
it's either Barkov or one of the other guys popping out like is that something that you've
always been good at or all of a sudden you've added that to your bag like he had he must have
had 50 examples of you
just working right around that goal line area
on that side of the ice.
Yeah.
Are you, are you saying like back, like where
a truckie spot is now?
No, this is just even more five on five and how
you guys are able to generate.
Like he was just, he just did a breakdown of
like how good you've been at it.
So I was just curious to ask you and if you'd
seen it, cause I thought it was such a good
breakdown and it was like, holy fuck fuck like 15 times already in the season this guy's
like like the same play he's showing made an escape along the goal line then you're finding
barkoff who's popping out at the perfect time so it just seems like you guys are just in unison
even five yeah you know what honestly i i saw i don't know if this is kind of the same skill
you're talking about but i saw a clip of bedard in
preseason and he was coming through the neutral zone and he just like i i assume he's got a toe
curve if he did it but he kind of put it towards his feet and then just flew by the guy and like
the guy had no chance to get his stick to where the puck was yeah he's like protecting it in a
different way but it's like it was just such a weird play. Is that kind of what you're talking about?
Yeah, well, like, it just seems like you're doing a good job down low
of like getting separation and kind of just like finding those pucks
in those areas in order to make those plays.
For sure, yeah.
I think maybe feeling a little bit quicker, a little bit stronger,
you get maybe a couple more inches, and that's going to make my life easier.
Yeah.
And I've always been able to read the play and find it,
so I'm feeling a little bit quicker now.
So it just gives me that much more time to see it and make the play.
Back to the beginning when you're younger,
Pasha told me youngest of three.
So just getting pounded on, always chasing your older brothers.
I know Griff was a real hot pick, right?
So for you, was it just always kind of chasing after them,
and that's what made you good?
Absolutely.
It was everything I kind of went through growing up.
I just saw how they were able to handle it,
both positively and negatively.
You live and you learn.
But I saw them go through it.
Yeah.
Made everything easy for me.
Yeah.
And your father played what?
Over 1,000 NHL games or close?
No, he retired at 29
okay so he played 18 to 29 and he had some injuries and then dominant though when he played
yeah very solid good to see you've done your homework now remember the first night you met
him I met him I had no idea he played in the NHL I think I think he felt that I pigeon-tossed him
it was the premiere of biz does BC because he was the star of the show you're like you're like hey buddy buddy i'll talk to you later no i didn't introduce him
to biz was i there for the premiere i don't know if you were there i was like oh so did you play
and he's like uh yeah you know how much better i was than you yeah basically basically that's
the look he gave me without having to say it rus But yeah, no, we always talk about this culture you guys have created in Florida.
And like, you guys are like a rat pack, a bunch of hyenas.
That's going to be an unreal close-knit locker room.
For sure.
I think it starts, I mean, you go on the road, you throw in the team chat, dinner,
reso tonight for eight.
And then all of a sudden someone's calling make it for 14 like and it's a different
14 every time and it just
it's just so close and it's
I mean you see it on the ice and
guys feed off of each other. Oh my god.
Great personality. That's so shit.
Well it's like every game it's like alright
if we're down we'll just cause a ruckus
and like there's like you're either scoring or
fighting it's just it's a team that's fun
to watch though too which I think everyone probably or fighting. It's just, it's a team that's fun to watch though too,
which I think everyone probably appreciates.
It's great to be a part of.
I mean, you see some of the personalities come out and it's unbelievable.
It's fun room to be in.
How much of this recent team success
and this culture you just talked about
can be credited to your new mascot, Kodak Black?
Is he around the team?
Did you get to meet him after that whole ordeal?
No, actually it was after game...
It was one of the games we won against,
I think it was Washington at home.
And I think he was on the glass.
Dookie had scored and went up to the glass
and then someone had recognized him.
So I think it was Billy, our GM,
brought him up to the suite
and that was the thing.
He was there next to Lou and all our GMs.
Right next to the GM box.
He thought it was like a shaded glass or whatever.
Ticked his ass off.
He could only see out.
Came down to the room after taking photos.
Unbelievable.
I'm in the shower with, I forget, one other guy.
And it's like quiet in there.
And he just comes walking in and looks in.
He's like, this isn't where I was supposed to be.
He's bird watching.
He's unbelievable.
But Kodak blocks a bird watcher. I was supposed to be. He's birdwatching. It's unbelievable.
Kodak blocks a birdwatcher.
I think so, yeah.
I mean, he definitely saw my back. That could end bad for you.
He's got probably people,
who's this missing that motherfucker calling me a birdwatcher?
Yeah, back in the clink he goes.
Didn't you say he tried to bring his gun into the locker room
or something like that?
I don't think so.
I didn't mean that at all, yeah.
But yeah, there's a good amount of security there around him with them.
And our team was handling it well.
But I don't think we've seen him since.
I haven't seen him.
I think after the humping incident, he might have been banned.
He might have been banned.
He got tossed all in each of our games.
I don't think I'd seen him after.
Yeah, I think there was another angle of that, too.
It wasn't a first thought that happened.
I mean, I could see why they did it.
They wouldn't get a lady bent over the box like that.
But anyways, moving right along.
Last year in the playoffs, it was a bit of, I think,
a coming out party for Matthew Kachuk, certainly around the league.
Were you even impressed or a little bit surprised
at the caliber of player in lead he was last year?
He seemed like he dragged you guys into the fight quite a bit
down the stretch and in the playoffs.
Some guys just have it some guys just just uh know how to produce know how to get the puck in the net um i don't think there's a guy that's better at a pull
up coming into the zone um oh then finding the trailer finding the trailer just making five guys
over back check is It's unbelievable.
So you just got to knack for it.
And I mean, timing, you guys saw it.
It's just late in games, getting the puck and hope for the best.
When the finals came, dude, and he had like broken sternum,
I mean, just seeing him kind of go and try to give it,
you were probably so impressed.
Like he was in a lot of pain.
You could see it.
I mean, he couldn't tie see it i mean you couldn't
tie up his skates couldn't get a jersey on it's just you know at that point in the series you're
you're looking for a spark and the the the guy you're you've been leaning on all all playoffs
it's it's a tough feeling it's it's uh tough to bounce back from it's unfortunate we weren't able
to but god damn you learn from it and
we were talking on the pod um maurice is just like what a great quote i'm sure like guys love
playing for him but as kachuk was slow offensive he he said like in an interview he's gonna pop
off soon and sure shit like since that day i think he's got 30 points in 12 games but
so even for you seeing him play it's like dude this guy's getting so much chances this isn't oh yeah it was it wasn't an issue at all um was he getting
frustrated i mean i'm sure he he wanted to but he wouldn't show it he wouldn't uh he wasn't he
wasn't cheating he wasn't going out of his way i think that kind of speaks to to to paul and the
culture we have there that if if a guy like
that that can put up 130 any given year and he's and he's having a slow start that he's not cheating
the game he's not starting to do anything different and that's just kind of the way we play and and
what we preach and if if we're all doing that more guys have more success what a guy paul maurice is eh it's not like i've never i've never uh seen a guy have a feel of
of the room um what to say um you know at any given moment and the the style he preaches the
guys are fully bought in and and and we love playing it what's your memory of of the time
out he took in toronto when he like one of these he's out of shows i think on
that same trip walt had gone on a canadian station and basically ripped your guy it was it was right
before i think i think uh chucky said walt was taking credit for the run because as the timing
um so i think they're fighting over who was taking credit um but yeah it was it was it was almost on
the bench and it was it was non like
he's i think we got a pretty good understanding he's not he doesn't dislike us it's not personal
it's i remember being on the bench and i was like this is perfect timing this is really yeah and and
we were obviously in a tough spot at that moment and and we're able to battle out of it um he did
the same thing in Minnesota.
We had a terrible first.
They were coming off a back-to-back, you know,
a couple of when we hadn't won three in a row.
He actually, a game or two later, he was on the
Jumbotron getting, I think, second all-time.
Coach's game played in the league and guys were
kind of pumping him up on the Jumbotron.
I look back, I'm like, I think if this was played in the Minnesota and guys were kind of pumping them up on the Jumotron. I look back,
I'm like,
I think if this was played in the Minnesota game,
some guys would change their opinions of you,
but they just put it off the big screen immediately.
Yeah.
But even then just absolutely ripped us apart the first period and then end up
losing the game.
And,
uh,
and the next day,
you know,
you kind of go into the rink and you're thinking. A little scared.
Yeah, it's a shitty feeling.
I don't want to go through this meeting.
And then it was so positive.
It just kind of brought us back in.
And then we went on a kind of mini run.
Where some coaches would have clamped down again.
Exactly, exactly.
So it's just got a good feel of kind of keeping you honest
and then kind of reeling you in at the same time.
And it's been fun to be a part of.
I know Biz made a joke of him,
the jump.
And he would talk to the press yesterday
saying,
you're finally waiting for the contract,
but it's sometimes tough to like,
sort of not look ahead.
Don't want that painting's coming.
What do you mean?
We're talking about the number.
What are you asking for?
Um,
what would you take?
Double digits.
I haven't asked for anything.
I like eight times nine.
You know,
we'll see. I like a lot of things, but, eight times nine you know we'll see i like a lot
of things but um we'll we'll see like i've i've got no no issue with it being ongoing with it
being slow they don't matter but i okay final offer is there an end gate i talked to zita this
morning he told me to approach it this way yeah you're on the spot on behalf of the no but he told you to start at eight and you said no i'll start at nine if to approach it this way. Yeah, exactly. I'll get you on the spot on behalf of the fan base.
No, but he told you to start at eight.
And you're just like, no, I'll start at nine.
If you approach it this quick, it might be done by now.
But no, I think if I was struggling, the team was struggling,
it would be more of an issue.
But they know I want to be there.
I know they want me there.
So it obviously doesn't always happen,
but it's, it's not, it's not an issue in any
of our minds.
So it's, it's, it's not like we need something
before the deadline here.
And we were, we're all in for this year and
we want to be there long-term.
That's going to be hard though, to try to not
think about it and block that out.
Like, is it something that sometimes creeps
in and you're like, bud, fuck off. Don't worry't worry about it that's a i'd be a mental midget i've i've never
had a long-term deal i think this three my buffalo was the longest i've ever had that's the longest
money that's i've ever had and and i've uh it was the longest i've ever offered i was ever offered
so um tough to get a longer one there's no option when there's no option so um
i was laughing about it with uh with jumbo joe thornton when when he was in florida because
i think he was probably offered a little longer at some point in his career but i don't think he
was ever longer than a two two three year deal his whole career um obviously a little bit different
circumstances but um so it's nothing new.
Obviously when you have a start like this, it's just out of my mind now.
It's irrelevant.
I would imagine like you're in Buffalo.
You're going through a lot there.
So it's more that it's easier not to think about it because you're so happy
and you've seen where it was kind of dark days.
Team wasn't on a good team.
Now you're in Florida, love the guys.
So it's easier not to think about it. It's easier to think of you appreciate where you're at winning a hockey
game and and trying to win the cup that's kind of yeah that's our goal right so it kind of takes
everything out of the equation mentally but i think i think if if i was having a tough start
or or tough first half it would it would probably keep you up at night a little bit more.
Um, but I'm comfortable with, with where we're at, obviously.
Um, like the Buffalo situation without being
offered anything long-term, was that
something that maybe aggravated you a little
bit or you, you know, just understood that
that's kind of where the market was based on
how much they were willing to pay?
Like, how would you feel about that?
Um, well, we had a lot of new people coming in so it's they were changing my underwear
you know and yeah so it wasn't at the time yeah maybe you'd want it i think uh i think maybe now
you you would look a little bit how many long terms that they they have and and maybe you
would think a little bit more
why it was never offered.
But I actually said this in the media the other
day because a Buffalo reporter was asking.
Kevin was phenomenal in making the deal to get
me to a place where I wanted to be and where I
was going to have success.
So I got nothing but positive things to say
about him, Donnie, and everything.
Yeah, we got to spend an hour with him in Buffalo talking to him.
He was just such a nice guy.
Was that Kevin or Oki?
Kevin.
Kevin Adams.
Kevin, yeah.
R.A. was there, but really wasn't.
His body was there.
Yeah.
He was on a boat.
He got Cadillac Margarita to death that day.
Shout out to my girl off at Get Our Day in the Park.
Where did you guys go? I don't remember who. Where are you guys? Where do you guys go?
I don't remember who.
Where do you guys go in Buffalo?
We went to that spot.
The little speakeasy.
Yeah.
The speakeasy.
Oh, right beside the rink, right?
Yeah.
Right beside the rink.
Yeah.
Been there a few times.
Awesome spot.
Awesome.
Well, I mean, the fandom in Buffalo was so hardcore.
I want to ask you because, you know, I'm sure they were wondering why it kind of fizzled
out or didn't work there, but your time in Buffalo, I'm sure you loved it
and loved the support of the community because
that's probably one of the craziest fan bases going.
It was great.
I mean, seven, seven, eight, we're almost eight
years together, I guess, or almost seven, whatever
it was, but yeah, you're, I mean, you're, you're
coming in at 18, 19.
Like it's, it's.
All you know.
Oh, it's all, it's all, you know, it was, it was
great.
They were phenomenal.
The people were all phenomenal.
I got no bad feelings about my time there.
Other than obviously wish we had more success,
but that ultimately falls on us and you move on.
Yeah.
So the all-star game, right?
It's probably pretty cool for you getting to be here
and being in
Toronto, being in a market like this.
Like were you thinking about that at all?
Or when you found out it's just more excitement?
Yeah, I think like I've never been here, so I've never experienced it.
But I think, yeah, having the first one be in Toronto is pretty cool.
I mean, hockey, how about the world?
So is it? Will you ever marry him or is it i i do say it's like the hockey mecca but i hate the leafs
yeah they're fans but i can admit like there's a different vibe in this city for sure yeah
exactly the enthusiasm and everything so um but crazy to see all the jerseys guys people flying
in it's it's been pretty nuts.
It's been a whirlwind, but I think for the first one.
Who was your guy growing up?
Like, who was your favorite player?
Probably a Ginla.
Really?
I was a Calgary fan, actually.
My dad played for them mostly.
So, I was mostly a Calgary fan, even though I grew up in Vancouver.
Like Vancouver as well, obviously.
But probably followed a Ginler the most.
And then, obviously, Crosby.
Yeah.
Once he came in, how did he not?
Yeah, I talked to your brother, Max, and he told me that I have to bring up your putting game lately.
He said you've been really struggling on the greens.
My putting game's been dialed lately.
What?
I used to have the yips.
Okay.
It's been good lately.
But there was a couple years there.
I couldn't,
everything else was down.
I can get to the green,
no problem.
Four and three footers,
like missing them.
Everything,
like.
Some of my strokes would be,
especially the long ones.
I get it every now and then
on the long ones,
but sometimes it's like,
it'll go out like this.
It was terrible but no i i hate practicing golf i just want to go play but putting uh a couple years
back when i was still living out my parents in the summer they got a putting green and i was able to
dial it in a little bit and practice and then uh but it's it's it's been better but there was a
couple shady years there sketch sketchy years there.
They're going to ask for reimbursement on that putting green
when this deal gets signed.
So you feel confident going into a sandbagger with us now?
I would feel confident.
Who's your partner?
Did it crush you to see Ikes play already
and you didn't get the partner up with him?
Would that have been one of your first choices?
Absolutely.
He would always be up high on the list.
I'm trying to think.
Maybe Zan or Kerfoot on your squad biz.
Coyotes?
Coyotes.
Members at the same club.
Really?
Or Morgan.
He's a Vancouver guy.
I didn't know he played on the Coyotes. Kerfoot? Yeah, I didn't know that. Jesus. He's good. He's a Vancouver guy. I didn't know he played in the Coyotes.
Kerfoot?
Yeah, I didn't know that.
Jesus.
He's good.
He's really good.
You're talking about Kerfoot who played in Toronto?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
I knew that.
Yeah.
I knew he was there.
Sounds like you didn't.
You said his name's Zanner, though?
I call him Zanner.
Yeah.
Oh, that's why.
I was like, who the fuck is Zanner?
I grew up with him.
I've always called him Zanner.
Why is his name Zanner?
Well, it's why. I was like, who the fuck is Xander? I grew up with him. I've always called him Xander. Why is his name Xander? Well, it's Alexander.
Oh.
That's kind of like when I asked Elliot.
He's sober right now, too.
He wasn't drinking.
I was going to ask Elliot Freeman,
oh, so why do you guys call it 31 thoughts?
And he's like, there's 31 teams.
Is it 32 now?
Yeah, they moved it to 32.
They moved it up?
Yeah, they moved it up.
He asked when there was 31.
At the time, there was 31 so i guess
i didn't explain that joker either um what else should we talk about you're a big soccer fan sam
have you had a chance to go down and see messy play no you know messy's uh messy's a tough guy
to uh get a hold of um cena did you see the clip of um someone saw him in traffic the other day
yeah and just yeah and they chucked the head of jersey they him in traffic the other day? Yeah.
And they chucked the head of Jersey.
They put his window down.
They chucked it in.
He signed it, chucked it back.
The guys were going nuts.
Would love to get out to practice. I've seen a couple of his games.
Sergio Busquets was at.
I heard.
Our game met him.
I don't know who that is.
Oh, dude.
Is that the guy who we got busted?
Yeah.
I think he was like.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. I missed what he said.
What'd you say?
He said he's on the Coyotes.
Fuck you.
Biz played with him in Ontario.
Yeah.
You were on the rain with me.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, that guy.
So, yeah, the soccer's blowing up now.
Blowing up.
Yeah, yeah.
So it's been pretty cool as a soccer fan being around it for sure.
Did they get the... Is the new practice facility done in Lauderdale?
Yeah, so I hear now we're officially in it, morning skate, everything.
I heard it's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
Five minutes from everyone.
Taking golf carts over there.
These guys are taking golf carts.
Oh.
Yeah, you save about an hour and a half, two hours in the car on game day.
It's going to be a game changer. Yeah, for sure. Pretty good squad you're going to be playing on Saturday. yeah you save about an hour and a half two hours in the car on game day it's it's gonna it's gonna
be a game changer yeah for sure uh pretty good squad you're gonna be playing on saturday uh
conor mcdavid leon dot pasta knock an old team of yours uh dalene we'll be looking forward to
playing with anyone in particular just gonna go and have some fun fuck around a little bit i think
you guys got who will arnett then will arnett that's awesome big fan big fan of the live show
oh did you guys he come by last night. It was unbelievable.
And we got to do dinner with him.
So he's a riot.
He's a massive fan of him.
I don't know, this McDavid guy is pretty good.
Yeah.
Played with him under 18s.
I think he was like 12 years old.
I remember it was my third under 18s.
And it was my third one. and they called me right before it was after
my team got knocked out of the playoffs and they're like i'd never played wing at the time
i'd only played center they called me and said oh i think we're gonna uh move you to wing we got this
like kid who's coming up wants to play center i'm like all right all right i don't like okay
whatever you think and then first practice i'm like holy fuck and he I don't, I like, okay, whatever you think. And then first practice, I'm like, holy fuck.
And he's, what, he's 15?
He was probably, well, it was under 18.
So I think he was 14 or 15, whatever.
I think probably just, I don't even know if he was in the OHL.
Damn, so he was what, three years younger than you?
He broke Crosby's record or something, I don't know, 18s.
It was unbelievable.
Right away, but you could tell could tell like what the hell is this
it was absurd yeah it was absurd i think from a speed perspective he was what three years younger
than you yeah and and he was equivalent speed if not more than guys three years older than him
i mean it's not saying much that he was more speedy than me but but uh yeah he was blowing by guys it was it was incredible like i i the strength i don't know
how you how you get that strong to fly around like that on the ice some guys just have i don't know
do you got a shitload of family and friends yeah to watch on zoom yeah everyone the whole family
came from uh from uh vancouver and then uh my wife's from around here. So we've got a lot of people in and it's been fun.
Who's the clown on,
uh,
on the Panthers,
like in the room,
like fuck,
they got 12 of them.
Lomberg.
Is he a goon in the Lombergini?
He's,
he's a character.
Um,
it's,
it's a lot.
It's,
it's,
it's a long list.
Um,
cuz he,
your guys' favorite. He's, he's, I don a long list. Um, cuzzy, your guys' favorite.
He's,
he's,
I don't think he's too happy with me right now.
I wouldn't imagine so,
but unbelievable in the room.
Um,
the best as even after your comments,
I'm sure you would probably assume that.
I,
I said on the podcast,
I go,
I want them every day of the week,
twice on Sundays.
I don't know if you heard that part of the clip.
Let's clip it now, yeah.
I think right now he reigns as the biggest piece of shit in the league,
and that is a compliment.
Absolutely.
I mean, only one guy can get that title.
Absolutely, you want that guy.
And you would pick him as the biggest piece of shit?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, he stirs the pot. I mean, we got a fair share of that on our team.
You know, Benny plays as hard of a game as anybody.
He's unbelievable.
He's kind of scary.
He's one of those guys that's just like one of those scary guys
where he lurks around the ice where if he catches you to head down,
he'll snatch your soul.
What did he murder in the playoff, Sasha?
Was it Slavin?
Slavin.
Slavin.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I was I was
he had just come on the ice I was like
just about to turn I think it was to
like go back to the bench and like I'd
kind of like seen in the corner and kind
of like turn back I'm like did I just
witness that right a murder exactly but
yeah he's done it he's done it a lot of
times have you seen Chucky have a
reverse hit holy oh yeah he's don't want's done it a lot of times have you seen chucky have a reverse hit
holy oh yeah he's don't want to be on the end of that anymore i'm doubt he caught one of those
years ago they still hate each other they go over it was that hit on slavin during that quadruple
overtime game no that was at home that was uh i think in the third period game four i think that
was what was they ended up the quadruple overtime was that anything like you've ever experienced
it was it was crazy it went what's what's the most you guys have played i did uh the end up? The quadruple overtime. Was that anything like you've ever experienced? It was crazy.
What's the most you guys have played?
I did the end of double overtime.
End of double overtime.
And that felt like four games.
I usually just untie my skates in the third,
so I don't really know exactly.
I kind of checked out mentally,
but I don't think I've been a part of any crazy,
crazy ones where I've been actually dressed in the lineup yeah you know what it it went by so fast
because like over time there's one tv or time out yeah like shovel um i think the intermissions are
way shorter right i don't know i believe or at least a few i think it's i think it's like a
couple less minutes they get so you're up there? Intermission at one point? They did, but you're not even like thinking.
It's so hard to eat.
You're trying to drink, but it's just like,
it went by so goddamn fast.
We were one second.
Did everybody share that opinion with you
that it went by fast?
Most, at least in our locker room,
I think most guys did.
And then, like, Chucky scored like 20 seconds left.
We were going into a fifth, and I was just,
what the fuck is going on?
And then I remember getting back, kind of feeling fine.
And I, like, blocked a shot earlier, so I was getting some treatment on my foot,
trying to flush it out around my ankle or whatever.
And I ended up getting a full leg cramp on both sides,
and I was, like, shaking, just so dehydrated. And, like, you know, on playoffs, you bring, like shaking just so dehydrated and like you know you're on playoffs
you bring like 10 extra doctors in there just like all like sprinting water over just trying
to hydrate and then i don't know i i couldn't imagine having that at home like for them having
to be at home on their coach the next day would have been terrible like we're all in the hotel
we get up we end up going to nc state
had a facility the football team we end up going to the rink and walking over we got us out like
we got meals put it like if i was alone on my coach that next day it would be how the hell do
i do play a game the next day so i think that was that was a bonus for us for sure so is that safe
to say that's the most relieved you've ever felt for a goal in your career um yeah yeah that was that was game one yeah absolutely that was the series out there
yeah i mean it was i was doing the panel with winnie gretzky and even he was like this is
fucking absurd get me the fuck out of here you guys don't pay me enough for this shit
to beat carolina you have to you have to play like them.
That was a style
you're trying to play.
You're just trying.
Whoever's got the better finish
in a game, you're so tired. I remember
there's
a number of chances both ways.
You're so gassed.
Raise the puck. You can't even do anything.
I remember the first
I worked at TSN while I was still playing.
You know how the guys would go for the playoffs for the broadcast?
Yeah, I did it too.
And it was Vancouver-Dallas.
And it was 3-2.
I forget who was up.
And I was like, they might tie it up.
And Bob McKenzie's like, shut your mouth.
And I was like, what are you?
Like, you know, these guys are doing it.
And all of a sudden they got tied up.
He's like, fuck.
Yeah, you don't say that You know, these guys are doing. And all of a sudden they got tied up. He's like, fuck. Yeah.
You don't, you don't say that.
And it went to triple OT.
Sadeen scored in triple OT, but he was like, you motherfucker.
It was like on the broadcast team.
We don't want any overtimes.
No.
Get us out of here.
You don't say the word overtime.
It's getting tight in TV, especially for the crew too.
Cause they got to stick around.
They don't give a shit.
They just want to punch the clock.
What time are you getting over there out after uh after double header uh usually around
like 130 you know 140 maybe 140 145 the latest but uh it's just it's just a little bit hard
sometimes because like some of these regular season games they don't play it the way the
florida panthers do i've been talking about this probably the last month i watch you guys constantly now because of the way you guys play
when nothing when any of the play goes quote-unquote boring you guys are trying to start
a fist fight or you're sucker punching guys in the face or slashing them on the way to the bench
where i genuinely think that in regular season hockey it needs i don't know i'm quite doing
i'm part of it yeah well you also
have more fucking power play goals in the pittsburgh penguins so you're doing your part
suck on that pens fans but no i just feel like you guys are just so much more entertaining and
the league needs more of that i think if it heads in that direction some of these boring teams
it wouldn't make these late games feel so boring all the time yeah Yeah, I think so. I mean, I'm glad you guys like the style we're playing.
I mean, there's some games where we just know
it's going to be boring as hell going in.
You know, Carolina being one of them,
I mean, that's what you got to do to beat a team like that.
It's part of the reason we have more success
against the better teams.
Simplify it.
The style is just simplify.
It's, it's just easy mentally.
It's, it's, it's, you know, Paul always preaches it's not an easy game to play.
Um, but if everyone's doing it consistently, you just ride that wave and it's, it's, it
feels easy when you're in the, when you're in the zone.
What's your, uh, favorite arena to play in?
Favorite city? Like one, maybe you had more success in or one's your favorite arena to play in, favorite city?
Like one maybe you had more success in or one you just love getting to that,
like away rink?
We say the Rangers is always fun.
MSG is always MSG.
Easy barn to play in.
That's up there.
It kind of changes every now and then.
that's,
that's up there.
It kind of changes every now and then.
Uh,
it's always fun going home to, to,
to Vancouver,
but,
um,
not a fan of the ice there.
Really?
Um,
MSG,
MSG,
the ice is great.
Um,
Boston's always fun going into.
Yeah.
That,
um,
we've always got good games against them.
So,
um,
and it just gets more and more fun as you
create rivalries and you go through the playoffs. It makes it more fun the next year. I, um, and it just gets more and more fun as you create rivalries and you go through the
playoffs.
It makes it more fun the next year.
I,
you know,
wish I tried it earlier a little bit more,
but won't do that whole playoff thing.
But I mean,
since you just mentioned Boston too,
like that series,
that was kind of like the whole turning
point.
Like,
Oh,
like what was the feeling in the room after
you guys are down three,
one,
I know like the famous speech from Chucky
said,
we're fucking coming back in this one and rah rah rah what was it just like in that that
first round absolutely it was you know you you uh we won the second game you feel it then you go home
lose two um but i mean fuck we felt it the year before so much pressure when you have that season
like you do you're going back onto home ice.
Well, Sean had that breakaway too to end game five.
We won the drawback, and it was just like control or die just watching him go back,
just like waiting.
And then you got Pabrasi back in net.
I mean, a system can help a goalie so much, but you got someone as flexible and acrobat as that guy,
and then you put him in our system,
and it's just unbelievable what he does back there.
But yeah, you just kind of, once we won that game,
and then you're going back home,
they got to go back to the double tree by their rink.
That's a shit story.
Honestly, that's what we're saying.
Make him go back
to the double tree and um don't that was your team model for playoffs go make him get the free
cookies yeah um and then uh yeah but like that game six at home was absurd yeah i think there
was what four or five lead changes in the third period. Yeah, yeah. I mean, a tremendous amount of luck to go through it too.
I mean, we were down with a minute left in game seven,
and I remember being on the ice.
You're probably playing three of the last four minutes
just absolutely exhausted, just like you're thinking
as you're on the ice, like this probably isn't going to happen for us.
And then Monty somehow squeaks one in,
and it's just riding that wave.
It's unbelievable.
It's playoffs, right?
You mentioned Bobrovsky.
What do you think happened?
Because obviously he kind of struggled a little bit
and Lyon saved you guys really to get into the playoffs.
Just all of a sudden something clicked with him?
Did you ever chat with him about that?
Well, he was playing extremely well.
I think it was right around that Toronto time where Paul was yelling i i think it was right around that toronto time
where paul was yelling i think it was right before he got hurt or he got sick or something
oh that was the beginning of line went on a run and then but but bob i've never seen
someone so dedicated and dialed and uh sam mabrovsky yeah sam bobrovsky the legend hey some legend if i was david i wouldn't know
anybody exactly it's just my ring finger bitch i didn't fucking memorize the names um but yeah so
you got all the confidence in someone that that that does that but i think i'm in a goalie in in
in an unstructured team you You can only do that.
Yeah.
How about his watch collection?
Isn't it like out of this world?
Bobrovsky's?
Bobby's?
Yeah.
It's probably dial.
I've never seen someone live so good,
like such a good life.
Like, you know, just like his style.
I love it.
It's like Russian like style,
like carting into dinner.
Abercrombie.
Abercrombie tracksuit
but it's just he gets like
we'll go to like a restaurant he'll get like
the finest
things on menu he'll get like four entrees
he'll like eat like a king
I absolutely love it
you know what I mean I respect that
it's unbelievable
absolutely you spend it
and then he'll go be at the rink
work as hard as it's unbelievable love you make it 10 absolutely you spend it well there's there and then he'll go be at the rink to if you work as hard as it's unbelievable it's love to see it i know yeah
you had the dad strip a couple weeks back was big wall driving the pace guy for everybody else that
week or what he was i i think he had said my my dad told me he had said the the second morning i
i think i went a bit too hard i think i tipped the scales a little bit too much. But we got a good group of dads that can certainly
send it on our team.
Oh, by the way, shout out to Lauren and Buffalo.
That was the bad ones.
Yeah, everyone was waiting for that.
All right, well, is there anything you want to ask us?
Not necessarily.
How do you not know who Kerfoot is?
Yeah, exactly. Xander? I'm going to start calling him Xander. not not necessarily how do you not know who kerfoot is yeah exactly zander unbelievable
zander before we let you go sammy we have a little segment here called rumor boys relate to do
what are the chances we see you uh in red and black next year in jersey
you're sick pasha the fuck is wrong with you pasha you're so i was dumber than anything i
said this podcast and i said a lot of dumb shit. You're a deranged human, Bob. All right, here's my final offer.
I'm going to say something and get booed next time I go into Jersey.
Yeah, yeah.
Then I'll go to MSG and get cheered.
Well, what an insane season you're having, man.
I'm really happy for you, and congratulations.
Thanks for coming on.
Awesome.
Appreciate it.
Thanks, buddy.
Have a great time, and keep brushing up.
All right.
Before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends over at Game Time.
You shouldn't have to worry when you're buying tickets
to your next big event.
Game Time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets
for all the sports, music, comedy,
and theater events near you.
Listen, I've had some frustrated buying experiences.
I went to U2 100 years ago,
you know, bought it off a guy out front and got zapped the ticket had already been scanned I got screwed you know why
because I didn't use game time oh I was so sick with myself right now I'm taking a look at it the
Bruins man obviously I'm a big Bruins fan they got eight more games left Vegas Edmonton Toronto
Rangers Pittsburgh St. Louis Philly Ottawa listen I going to be going to probably six or seven of these games.
Game time.
They hook it up.
I live right across the street.
It's so simple.
A couple taps, a few seconds.
Boom.
Tickets are right in my phone.
You cannot beat that.
It's so easy.
The last minute tickets.
Flash deals.
Zone deals.
It's so easy to use this app.
You find, you buy your tickets.
Every event in your area.
I can't wait.
Pearl Jam's coming back.
It'll be all over game time for that as well this summer. And game time is the only ticket in an app that gives you complete peace of mind with your area. I can't wait. Pearl Jam's coming back. It'll be all over Game Time for that as well this summer.
And Game Time is the only ticket and app
that gives you complete peace of mind with your purchase.
See the view from your seat before you buy
so you know exactly what to expect when you arrive.
And all-in prices show you a total upfront
so you know you're getting a great deal without hidden fees.
Buy tickets in seconds with two taps.
Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime. Download the GameTime app, create an account, and use code CHICKLETS for 20 off
your first purchase. Terms apply. Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off.
Download GameTime today. Last minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.
Big thanks to Sam Reinha for jumping on with us up and throwing.
What a nice kid, man.
Just a polite kid.
Well, well-mannered kid.
He's like, yeah, why is he friends with Pasha?
I was just going to say that.
Probably not anymore.
Probably blocked his number.
We mentioned, you know, the sort of revival of the heavyweights.
Well, it might be a little bit of a ripple effect
seeing what we saw in college over the weekend.
Fights in college hockey, they like seeing goalie goals in the NHL,
but fucking doozy.
Friday night, Arizona State was up in Alaska Fairbanks,
as far north as you can go to find an NCAA team,
and you can't get more opposite nicknames than the Sun Devils and the Nukes.
But what was wild, there was a skirmish going on in the corner.
The whistle had been blown.
These two guys, Dawson Bruneski and Tucker Nest,
they left all their gear in the penalty box, just went center ice.
Wait, have you ever seen two dudes do that in a college game before?
No.
I never have.
No, I've seen fights in NCAA games, but they're totally off a scrum,
and they start with the helmets off, and maybe one guy guy gets his helmet off and one guy has one glove on.
I've never seen,
and I'm sure it's happened,
but I've never seen a square off,
no helmets on out of the box,
leave my stuff in the box.
Cause I know I'm going back in there.
Actually,
no,
they'd be going to lock them is get kicked out in college.
That was amazing.
And I don't know what happened between those two prior,
but obviously they decided when they were in the penalty box,
we're doing this.
The view from the penalty box with the guy in Arizona State,
there's somebody recording it behind,
and he's looking over at the guy, you ready, ready?
And they go out.
It was straight out of the East Coast League.
I actually thought it was a club hockey game
because I couldn't really tell by the unis.
I was like, what league is this?
And Merle's like, that's the NCAA. It's D1.
So talk about a barn burner.
I mean, that was, they're probably going to,
I think you get kicked out of that game and the next
game. The NCAA. Both players suspended
for the season though. Both
powers, the coach, both coaches suspended
both players for the season. Oh, what?
What?
Oh, God. I would have
sorority sisters lining up to suck my player's cock
if he fucking did that.
That's nails.
That was one of the  I'd honestly never seen that before
where players left their gear in the box and didn't
have you seen that?
No.
Have any of you ever seen that?
Never.
Definitely not.
I thought that was the most nails thing I'd ever seen,
the fact that it was happening in college.
Oh, my God.
I'd have that guy get NIT deals out the yin-yang
along with the sorority sisters lining up.
The kid, Brunski, he's a fifth year.
Probably, I think he had, like,
Alaska has a few games left in the season.
So you got to imagine, he's played four years at Maine,
went and played one year at Alaska.
He's thinking, let me just end my hockey career with a bang here
and go out with one of the only... What a
way to go. Yeah, what a way to go, right?
Round of applause for this guy.
Good job, buddy. And by the way...
All you spitting chicklets in the show, show this guy
some love. All for a great
viral video on the way out. Five
years, he put his time in.
I hope he at least gets his degree.
The NHL linesmen and referees are like trained and taught how to separate fights the linesmen were in the corner in that one and
then the main refs like trying to break it up they end up eating him and then just going back
toe to toe it was a legit fight they both were animals they both were willing to go i can't
believe that they the coaches i i't believe that they, the coaches,
I,
I actually thought that they somehow the coaches like were fine with it.
Like I,
I knew that Greg,
Greg Powers quote was,
there's no place in college hockey for,
for moves like that. Why?
Apparently there is.
Oh,
I still love the guy,
but I guess I disagree with him.
The number one video on a college hockey this year.
There's no place in that.
I mean, take the suspension the league gives them or the NCAA
and then just be like, all right, buddy, don't do it again.
Yeah, like watching a fight like that where each punch,
these guys are trying to hurt each other.
It reminded me of there was one recently, Turbo, Tanev, and Garland.
Did you see the right shots?
I know.
He was going ham.
Actually, Janmark and Coleman had a great tilt in the Battle of Alberta
this past week.
I was like, holy shit.
They were chucking them.
And I think Kane might have gone with Kadri,
and then there was another one too.
So Battle of Alberta never disappoints besides the fact that Calgary ended up
on top of that one.
Yeah.
Make,
make hockey violent again.
And those refs should have got battle paid.
Did he look like members on Jeff Van Gundy?
When he was holding on to Alonzo morning's leg,
and he was just like getting whipped around like a little dog.
That's,
that's what the referee looked during that fight.
The game had four game misconducts,
six disqualifications. Two guys got to game misconducts, six disqualifications.
Two guys got two disqualifications each.
I never saw that before.
247 combined penalty minutes.
190 of them were doled out with 11.1 seconds left in the game.
That's what the officials just called it,
given Alaska Fairbanks the 3-1 win.
Arizona State beat them the next night 4-3 in OT
with just 43 penalty minutes in that game.
I'm sure the refs gave him a talking to.
But just like I said, almost unprecedented for college to see that fight.
If I would have been the kid fighting for ASU,
who like now he's done and known that you would have been done,
I would have went full slap shot after that fight.
I would have geared down right to my jaw.
I might even whip the 4-th out for the fans in Alaska.
People start puking everywhere.
It's like, oh, man, Jesus Christ.
Salmon season.
The band strike up the strip.
That's the only difference between violence and hockey, man.
Buddy Jeff Marica reported the OHL is investigating the Sudbury Wolves.
Shout out Sudbury.
Sure is he?
About accusations that a bounty was placed on a man's head.
Oh, my God.
Blackshot obligatory.
You can't put a bounty on a man's head.
During the Sudbury-Barry game on January 18th, Colts defenseman Kashawn Aitchison delivered a hard legal hit
to Wolves forward Nathan Villeneuve.
No penalty on the play.
Then Aitchison fought one of his teammates, Nolan Collins.
The same two teams played three days later.
Barry didn't address Aitchison.
According to sources via Merrick, word reached the Colts about the possibility
of a bounty being placed on Aitchison,
so the organization made the decision not to play him.
When asked about the alleged bounty, the OHL said it was an investigated incident.
Wouldn't comment further.
Biz, have you ever heard of a bounty?
No money on the board is one thing, but an actual bounty?
Have you ever seen or heard of that?
Well, I want to say Sean Payton in the NFL
ended up getting suspended a couple games
because word got out that this was going on.
At the junior level, considering how savage it used to be,
I would imagine this is something that happened in the past
going back maybe 20, 30 years ago.
The fact that it was written on the board,
pretty fucking stupid, but holy ago, the fact that it was written on the board, pretty fucking stupid, but holy
shit, man.
I mean, we talk about the violence coming back in the game, like in junior now, bounties
getting put on guys' heads.
Like I personally think it's awesome.
If I had a kid who was playing hockey and that was my kid, I would tell him, Hey, that's
kind of like a badge of honor.
If an injury ended up resulting in it it obviously my attitude would completely change off
it you're going to prison other than if it was like a challenge fight if the guys were just like
running at him to try to injure him yeah that's when my wires would cross but holy shit man i
don't know what the fuck is in the water up there in sudbury is has there been any there's been no
discipline so far it's there's an investigation going on?
Yeah, OHL's still looking to it
at last report.
Was it a dirty hit? Have we heard
what he did? It said
Aitchison, according to the article,
a hard but legal hit that
was delivered. I guess, I don't know if the other team
did like it. I don't know if there's a history there, but
speaking of questionable
decisions that people could see things, we got to go to Arizona.
They terminated the contract to forward Adam Ruzicka.
He posted an Instagram story.
Looked like he was doing a late night table skiing.
Apparently, I mean, I guess he was maybe seven.
He ain't no Kuznetsov, I'll tell you that.
You got to be the dumbest motherfucker of all time.
Okay, there's one thing you're so stupid to video yourself lining up below
but then to turn the camera around and put your face in it like he might have been able to say
like oh my instagram got hacked but to then literally put yourself in the video
what is he thinking what is this guy doing from my understanding he said oh it wasn't me from
that night it was a different he had the same outfit on as when they were at the gala so that's
that's that's tough sledding and guys like from a serious side of it like obviously like
blow is not a good drug speaking from her first-hand experience i'm gonna say i hope he's
all right i hope he doesn't have like an issue Like it seemed like he was just having a fun night out.
But if you're oh nine and one in the last 10,
you can't be flexing the vials on Instagram.
You just can't be doing it.
I don't care how good the Colombian Coke is.
You just can't be posted it in your story.
And from,
from a,
a guy who's had a buddy who was really banged up one night and thought he was
sending a video with like a like
a like he was he was having fun with a girl and they were videoing it and he was trying to send
it to her and accidentally posted it to his story on instagram to wake up like four or five hours
later or later where it was on instagram i think that maybe there was a possibility he was just so banged up and thought he was
texting it to his buddy or, or you would hope so.
But what are you looking to accomplish other than having your contract terminated, flexing
a vial of blow on Instagram with the Amex turned around?
I don't know.
That's why I said this guy might be the dumbest person
i've ever seen and and we we make jokes and r.a.s r.a. but if you're doing cocaine in this day of
age with fentanyl i think you're the most ridiculous insane human being like i'm telling
you you're playing russian roulette so a little message to everyone listening younger kids you're fucking nuts right now if
you're doing cocaine this isn't 1990 you have no idea what's in it you have no idea where it came
from and fair warning don't do it like i'm just being honest like you're it's russian roulette
do not even do it you're crazy and then if you're gonna do it don't post it to your instagram story
that's that's why i said off the hop on a serious note and from firsthand experience,
fentanyl ruined the Rob Brindamore interview,
and it can ruin a lot more than that.
So don't be fucking around with the dummy dust.
Yeah, the Yotes had no additional comment.
The NHLPA has 60 days to file a grievance on his behalf.
Biz, do you think the union will grieve it?
Just, you know, that's what they do typically to protect the player.
Even the union might be like, buddy,'s what they do typically to protect the player.
Even the union might be like, buddy, we ain't helping you on this one.
No, I think that everybody deserves help.
That's why I said, first off, you just hope that it's not like an addiction.
But going back to what you said with the fentanyl, don't even do it anymore.
Don't.
It's all junk.
You never know where you're getting it from.
It's fucking bullshit stop doing it when i hear like kids still are like going out like and getting like cocaine from
random people i'm like buddy you're like legit one little poke away from being dead it's it's
crazy to me that people still do it maybe i sound like an old boomer, but stop.
Yeah, that fucking fentanyl shit's a motherfucker.
It's got so much damage, ruined so many lives in this country worldwide.
Yeah, it's brutal shit.
Well, we got a little more positivity we could talk about here.
The Milwaukee Admirals of the AHL, they won 19 straight games.
They did lose on Sunday, but a nice little story in here.
Cody Hodgson, what his first goal in eight years Thursday,
he had previously retired. It was diagnosed with a malignant hypothermia. It Hodgson with his first goal in eight years Thursday. He had previously retired.
It was diagnosed with a malignant hypothermia.
It was away from the game for a while.
Made a comeback.
So that was a nice little story there.
During the winning streak, they had two shootout wins, seven shoutouts.
But this was pretty crazy.
They lost on Sunday to the Grand Rapids Griffins.
They beat them 4-2.
That was the Grand Rapids Griffins' 15th straight game with at least a point.
It was the first time in AHL history that two teams faced each other while
on point streaks of 14 games or more.
Pretty wild stuff. And of course, the
2011-2012 Norfolk Admirals
have the AHL record. 28
straight wins. I'm your boy, Coop.
Coop. That's impressive
as hell. Two incredible AHL
organizations. Now, Witt, did you
not lose to the Milwaukeewaukee admirals in the
final of the calder cup yeah i left uh right after my junior at bu left went to wilkes-barre and uh
we went on an awesome run and we beat bridgeport then we beat uh who beat second round don't
remember beat uh hartford in the third round and then got into Milwaukee. At this point, I was like, holy shit, we could win the Calder Cup.
We got swept.
And playing in that barn, it was fun.
They had a great veteran team.
But they're good every year, it seems like.
Yeah, same with Grand Rapids.
And they've done a great job with bringing guys up to Nashville
through that system, right?
They do an awesome job of preparing these guys
to be ready to play in the NHL.
And you know what?
In very similar fashion to the Bruins,
I know it's a little different because Saros has been the guy,
but this Askarov, Yaroslav Askarov, 11th overall in 2020, he's ready.
And Nashville's got to consider a time where all right like
this is our guy this is our future and we we we had a very high pick 21 years old they've done
a great job not rushing him but I think the days of uh Saros being the star netminder in Nashville
are going to be coming to a coming to a close because this kid it's one of those players that
um has no business in the AHL anymore.
And it was Vinny Trocek when I played in San Antonio together with him.
And it's Stan Colvin right now who scored his first goal for Dallas
who's lighting up the minors.
Some guys are just ready, and there's nothing more that they can accomplish.
And that's this goalie right now.
So watch out for him when he gets into the NHL.
He's a monster.
And as far as Cody Hodgson,
that is such a great story to come back from that. Those can be some dark days, guys, especially with all the aspirations he had coming into the league. He came in guns a blazing, and that's a lot of
time away to have to kind of deal with what he did. So for him to kind of get back into the game
he loves, I would love to get him on to talk about his story because I would imagine there's probably a lot of kids out there
who have been through similar experiences where their careers were ended short
and maybe they never even found the resolution as to what was wrong.
So good for him for clawing his way back into pro hockey.
And I think it would be an amazing story if he could find his way back to the NHL.
Before we go any further,
here's a few words from our good friends
at Labatt Blue.
Whether you're at beer league
or just watching some hockey with the boys or gals,
you cannot find a better beer
than a fresh Labatt Blue light.
Lots of things are better together in life.
Hockey, of course.
Getting some food, family or friends.
Golf.
But if you really want to take things to the next
level, drink some Labatt Blue
Lights with your friends and live life
to the power of weed.
I can't stop thinking back to
September. Chicklets Cup. Oh man, we were
gassing the Labatt Blue Lights all weekend.
I'm sure Sabres Mafia has consumed
their fair share of Blue Lights as well.
Imagine how many we drank on this playoff run coming up.
It's going to be endless.
Can't wait for the playoffs.
Duck down some Labatt Blue Lights.
And remember, take a page out of the Labatt Blue Light book
and enjoy your beers together so you can live life to the power of weed.
Find Labatt Blue Light at labattusa.com slash finder.
Here's your boy, Gary Bettman.
He does visit every city during the season.
I'm not sure if fans know that.
He's going to be in Winnipeg this week,
but it's a little more significant than typically carries.
There's a lot of concerns about the team's financial situation right now.
In short, they're on the NHL's radar due to the money situation.
Season ticket holders, there's been a 27 decline in three years.
They went from 13,000 to under 9 500 uh and chairman mark chip and he was personally calling season
ticket holders to ask them why they bailed uh and fans were pissed they couldn't buy like partial
plans i guess the team would if you wanted to transfer your tickets they were charging people
to do that which is absolutely fucking outrageous to charge people to fucking text tickets to
someone or a friend or whatever uh it's the nhL's smallest permanent arena with 15,225 fans for hockey.
They're drawn at about an 87.4 clip right now.
The third lowest mark in the league.
Average attendance, 13,306.
Lowest of any NHL team other than Arizona.
And they only get 15 of their tickets sold to businesses.
That's another issue there, Biz, you had mentioned before.
They just don't get the corporate sponsorship.
You know, Winnipeg is a small town by NHL standards.
I would say the situation is far from dire,
but there's clearly a concern here, Biz.
Have you heard any kind of scuttlebutt about, you know,
the NHL's overly concerned or is just sort of keeping on top of things here?
Well, even at the beginning of the year when they signed those two guys,
I thought they would have a little bit more fan support at the start of the year.
A lot of people were barking back about ticket prices.
I didn't think that they were that unreasonable,
but it comes down to the economy and how bad it is there.
And I guess the shitty thing is we're having this conversation
in the year where they're at the top of the league.
That's the biggest worry about this.
That's the biggest concern.
I remember originally tweeting stuff when they were getting the team back. that's the biggest worry about this that's the biggest concern and you know i i remember
originally tweeting stuff when you know they were getting the team back i was happy they were
getting the team back but people were from there were saying we should have never lost it where
i was speaking to players who were on the team when it happened and they just weren't getting
the fan support and of course there's just not a lot of corporate sponsorships given the fact that
they are in winnipeg so it's sad because i love to see canadian markets thrive and have teams
but from a business standpoint i mean guys if we're talking about a team who's at the top of
the league and they're having issues staying afloat from a financial standpoint what's going
to happen in in five years if they're they're in the bottom 10 of the league.
So I don't know, man.
The reason why the NHL is trying to thrive in other markets,
especially American markets,
is places where the economy never really gets affected by anything.
So it's brutal.
I could see if this continues that they end up losing their team again.
I could easily see in five years if they don't want to move it out of
there.
And we're talking about a town of Winnipeg.
I want to say it's about 900,000 surrounding areas.
So there are enough people to get people in the seats,
but as far as the corporate dollars in which that it takes to kind of operate
and run these teams now,
I don't think that that's ever going to change.
So I don't know how many meetings you can have about it.
Good thing is, though, the owner is extremely loyal.
I think he's a local guy, and he's also a billy goat.
So maybe he's okay leaking a little bit of oil
until they try to resolve the issue.
But once again, this might be an issue that they can't resolve.
I think this is something where,
and as good as Kyle Connor and Shifley and hellebuck are like they could probably well any
team could probably but they could really use like a iconic franchise player right like if you have a
mcdavid or a badard or one of these guys that just attracts people no matter what, like they just want to go see him, that might change things.
But if you're talking about the economy and the corporate money not being there,
that's a scary proposition because, as you said, Biz,
if this were happening and they were a bottom five team in the league, okay.
To have the success in this happening, that's the panic.
And when you say it's not a dire situation, R.A.,
I think it could be pretty quickly. And you don't want to see that because it's canada too that's the other
thing this is canada this is hockey this is what people live for up there and they got a team
competing and having a chance to win although i did say um i should say i had a player in the nhl
on a team currently sitting in a playoff spot tell Tell me that the Winnipeg Jets are the biggest frauds in the league and that
they'll lose in the first round.
Wow.
I know.
They're not nearly as good as anyone.
It was a player on their own team.
Huh?
Wow.
Really fraud.
I know.
I was,
I was,
I was like,
wow.
I said,
pretty good.
Could that player on that playoff team end up meeting the winnipeg jets in the first round oh my god if wow if they end up
meeting will you say that they've met obviously we will not say who the player is but will you say that they're playing in the first round? No.
You pussy.
Can you ask your friend who said that?
I'll never be a source to you guys.
Can you ask your friend who said that if he would be okay with you saying that they had met
and obviously not disclosing who it is?
Can you ask him?
Because that would be so much good drama going in.
I don't know.
Let's see how this plays out.
But I was like, holy shit.
That's a ballsy quote, man.
That's karma.
Yeah.
I just fired them up.
Well, the playoffs are going to be here soon.
And are we going to get some more LTI shenanigans or what?
Oh, my God.
Mark Stone is on the injured reserve due to a lacerated spleen.
He's listed as week to week.
Vegas also put Jack Eichel on LTI back on February 29th.
But right now they have 15 million on LTI just between Eichel and Laina.
So they can go over the cap, but they have those exceptions.
Now to be placed on LTI, long-term injured reserve,
a player must miss 10 games and 24 days.
While on LTI, our team can't exceed the salary cap by the amount of salary on that person's contract.
IR, just injured reserve, requires not playing for seven calendar days.
Players can retroactively be assigned to IR.
Players on IR do count against the cap.
We saw it a couple years ago.
Kucherov missed the entire 2021 season.
Dropped in for the playoffs.
Let it in points.
Won another cup.
Stone for Vegas last year.
He was on IA February 20th.
He was activated April 18th, just in time for game one of the playoffs.
Team ends up winning the cup.
Again, the salary cap does not apply in the playoffs.
That's the way it's been designed.
You know, I always say this, too, though.
Players are sacrificing, too, especially, you know, superstars.
That's another season or half season they can't put stats up.
Affects their resume, their potential Hall of Fame voting.
But if you're hurt, I don't know.
You might as well take the time out.
Wait, can teams go talk to their players?
I'm like, all right, I'm going to get my surgery here.
So you can basically map it out so it plays out like this?
Is that something that a player would have a say in?
Yes, they could.
But I don't think people that get upset at this,
one, people are so mad at Tampa, and now they're furious with Vegas.
And if somehow Stone comes back for game one of the playoffs, upset at this one like people are so mad at tampa and now they're furious with vegas and if if
somehow stone comes back for game one of the playoffs i understand it don't be mad at the
teams be mad at the league these teams are doing what they're allowed to do it's it makes no sense
to be fuming and furious at these organizations when it's the league who's created this entire
system so the thing is people i think actually believe like, all right, here, we're putting you on LTIR and then you're going to be ready to go.
It's like, do you understand how impossible it would be just to plan it and do it?
They have to see like multiple doctors.
The league is out there checking to make sure these injuries are legit.
So it's not like you're all of a sudden like, all right, bud, time for you to go on LTIR.
And as you mentioned, players aren't going to be like oh okay now kucherov that one is different because
he misses so much at the beginning of the year that that they're like all right just wait an
extra month but to leave that's also legitimate though yeah no and that's the other thing all
these injuries are legitimate that's what i'm getting to these injuries are legitimate last
year stone's injury it's a legit injury now question being, as they come back rip-rare and
ready to go for game one, there's obviously some shenanigans going on, but why wouldn't you take
advantage of a rule or a lack thereof to be able to get more money on your roster? All the league
has to do is make it so that your roster game one or every game of the
playoffs is cap compliant i don't really understand when this all went down like how they they figured
all right playoffs it doesn't matter like i guess we'd have to talk to an asian or someone within
the pa to realize that or or understand that they didn't see this coming yeah but but then it would
be like what if a guy they're not sure and it's
like okay it looks like he's going to be out for the full year even playoffs and then maybe you
know halfway through the second round the guy can play that's probably why they didn't do the cap
compliant through all playoffs no but this i'm saying you can bring you as the playoff starts
you can be way over the cap but correct any players in the game have to be under the cap.
Oh,
you're saying that.
Okay.
Okay.
So you,
you would say that even if they did pick up a guy to make up for that
salary,
who was a,
a,
a player of like a high skill level,
if you're 7 million over because of his salary,
you would just have to sit him out as a,
basically a healthy scratch for that game to be cap compliant wow okay i okay now i understand what you're saying
now it can help you in the regular season and you can use it but then once the playoffs start like
you can have as many guys on the roster you can have 100 million on your cap on the roster but
the guys in the game have to be at the cap. Damn. Okay.
Yeah.
But then, but then you're like, you give up all this stuff to get that guy.
Yeah.
This is a very confusing conversation.
Yeah.
But I just don't want fans out there thinking like, oh, stone's not hurt.
You can't do that.
Like, no, what I, what I know in a, it was a spleen that ruptured this time.
So we're not joking around about the cap circumcision.
He's actually injured right now.
Same going along for Jack Eichel.
Now, what I think that some teams do have the luxury of doing is, like you said,
dragging it out where maybe this guy in a situation where they actually needed him
to make a playoff spot and they were fighting for their lives would rush back a little bit sooner.
So maybe he would be playing at about 95, 90
where some of these teams, because they're so ahead in a playoff spot
and they're stacked, they have the luxury to say,
hey, listen, we know you're a little banged up.
We're going to sit you out an extra half a month,
I don't know, three weeks here.
You're going to be 110
raring to go come playoff time.
And we're going to add this on another unreal player.
And by the time playoffs hits, we're going to hit the ground running with a hundred million
dollars in cap and just locked and loaded with four fucking lines.
So I get what you're saying.
I think that maybe in the next CBA, much like we talk about how they need to figure out the the income tax situation to make it a more level playing field because some teams who haven't had
the luxury of exercising this thing like a team like edmonton has edmonton done this at all
no and they they're they have like 21 guys on on the roster. They don't even have as many guys as you can have,
and they have just no money.
So if you're a team like Edmonton, you haven't won a cup since Christ was a cowboy,
and you're looking revved up for a playoff run,
what if they end up drawing Vegas first-round playoffs,
all of a sudden Eichel's back, all of a sudden Stone's back,
and because they have that cap space, they're able to go maybe even add gensel
maybe even smith to the lineup as well so you're saying that yeah it's kind of a bullshit thing but
i guess it comes down to kind of like luck of the draw on the timing of these injuries yes yeah i
want to say landis kog did the same thing in colorado didn't they do that uh no no they haven't
dropped them in no no no but when what the year they won it was he not injured
uh going into playoffs too i want to say the last five cup champs it's been done by at least three
of the teams where they had a guy come back first first game of playoffs yeah i just don't i don't
get the anger towards the teams it's like the teams are doing what they're allowed to do like
if your team did it, you'd love it.
Yeah.
The league can't tell you when to get surgery.
Only the Buffalo Sabres can do that.
Before we go any farther, I need to talk to you about rocket money.
Do you find any subscriptions you forget about or any you paid for twice and didn't realize it?
I did.
And I found out about Rocket Money long before they
were a sponsor of the Spitting Chicklets podcast. And I cannot rave about them enough. Easy, easy
to sign up, easy to use. And they just let you know immediately what you're overpaying for,
how many different subscriptions you've doubled up on and how easy it is to get rid of them.
One click away. I'm telling you, I knew about this company through a buddy and I can't rave about it. I didn't even know they were coming on as a
sponsor. So I said, that's perfect because I've actually used it before and I got nothing but
good things to say. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted
subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your
savings. With Rocket Money, you have full control over your subscriptions
and a clear view of your expenses.
You can see all your subscriptions in one place,
and if you see something you don't want,
Rocket Money can help you cancel it with a few taps.
It's great how the dashboard shows you this month's spending
compared to last month, so you can clearly see my spending habits.
Plus, they'll help you create a custom budget
and keep your spending on track.
Rocket Money will even try to negotiate lower your bills for you by up to 20. All you have to do is submit
a picture of your bill and Rocket Money takes care of the rest. Rocket Money has over 5 million
users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions, saving members up to
740 a year when using all of the app's features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use.
Cancel your unwanted subscription by going to rocketmoney.com slash chicklets.
That's rocketmoney.com slash chicklets.
Rocketmoney.com slash chicklets.
Moving right along here, everybody's favorite play-by-play guy.
He's healthy, Jack Edwards.
He spoke to Chad Finn of the Boston Globe about the speech issues people have been talking about the last couple of seasons.
Per Jack, he got multiple tests at MGH.
Doctors couldn't pinpoint anything.
He had been given no specific diagnosis, no medical term for the change.
He said, I did not have some kind of accident.
I do not have cancer.
I don't have dementia.
I haven't had a stroke.
All of that's been confirmed by MGH.
It doesn't fit any slot.
There have been some guesses, but he's just been doing speech therapy
to try to fix whatever the issue is, but they haven't given him a definitive thing.
But I'm just glad to hear he's okay.
I mean, he's still healthy.
He's been tested well and all the other stuff.
And I know he's not everybody's favorite, but he's kind of beloved in here in New England.
But, Jack, I don't know if you're listening or not.
We're just glad you're healthy and keep plugging away with your therapy
and hopefully fucking things pan out for you, pal. mentions in the article like that people were coming up to him
like thinking he was sick and it's almost like no i'm not sick which almost makes it like i didn't
say a word about his broadcasting because there there was the thought that he was going through
something it's you feel really bad for a guy right who's done it for a long time. And I'm not a huge fan of his calls.
But, I mean, for somebody to just kind of lose their livelihood
and lose the ability to do things the way he always did it,
I feel so bad for him.
But at some point, I think the Bruins are going to have to take a look.
And the whole thing is it's just really behind the play.
So if you watch the game, it's just  and he mentions Andy Brickley
has been such a great partner for him and helped him out, but you know, he's just kind of really lagging
behind the play and you're watching the game, like, Holy shit. So I'm, I'm rooting for the guy,
right? I, I, I don't love the way he calls a game, but you never want to see somebody,
you know, lose the ability to do what they love and not be able to get an answer. That's the
hardest part is that he doesn't know what's going on. So hoping,
hoping,
hoping for the best for him.
Yeah.
Frustrating as hell.
So get well,
Jack.
We want to extend our sympathies to the family and friends of Paul
D'Amato who died last week at 76.
D'Amato was a Massachusetts native who had a small,
but a very memorable and influential role as Tim,
Dr.
Hook McCracken and Slapshot.
Just a small role in a classic movie,
but it's just an epic fucking role he was actually
the way his sideburns were he was actually
the Bigs Babes he influenced
the Wolverine character when they
reinvigorated the Wolverine character back in like the
70s in the comic book Tim McCracken
was the actual inspiration with the big
fucking pork chops like that pretty wild
little story he was also yeah
pretty cool story.
Yeah, his nephew, Thomas, actually reached out to me to say thanks.
You know, with Chicklets, we gave him a nice little tweet on the Instagram, too,
just to send our condolences there.
He was also in the movie The Deer Hunter as well, if you never saw that.
He had a small, very memorable role in that as well.
I also want to extend our condolences to the family and friends of Kenneth Mitchell.
He played Ralph Cox in Miracle.
He passed away at just 49 years old from ALS, five and a half years after his diagnosis.
So a couple of sad stories in the hockey world, the hockey film world,
but just want to pass along our sympathies, condolences, and hopefully everybody's doing okay.
But we've got to get to your Sunday afternoon.
I'm sorry, Monday afternoon, the match.
You and DJ Khaled, you've got to give us the lowdown on this.
What went down?
What an interesting character, man.
I was with him for four hours. I don't think he asked me one question about myself.
Oh, that's the worst, dude.
Dude, I'll tell you
right now, if you hang out with somebody and
they talk about themselves the entire time,
it wasn't even him talking
about himself. It was him organizing
this team of 10 people he had around him who were just
capturing videos of everything.
He was doing it.
They were editing it on like in the spot.
Like it was just a wild, wild scene.
I'd never experienced anything like that, but he is, uh, he is certainly a ball
of energy.
Now he was supposed to play a one holehole match against Charles Barkley for fun,
and he lost the first hole.
So he basically forced Charles to play him a best of three.
So he ended up winning the second and third hole,
and he didn't stop talking about it the rest of the day.
That's all he would talk about.
So I kind of just joined as a member of his cult,
and that's all I really talked about the rest of the day either, considering I was hanging out with him and I got sucked into his, uh, his, we the best vortex. But, um, as far as the, the, the match is concerned, buddy, I got to meet Rory McIlroy, hang out with Max Homa, uh, Rose Zang, who is a phenom on the LPGA, as well as, uh, Lexi Thompson, who played in a PGA who played in a LPGA qualifier at the age of 12 years old.
I don't know much about golf,
but I was doing some research with the cheat sheets they gave us.
I think she joined as a member of the LPGA, Lexi Thompson,
when she was 15 years old.
She has two brothers who have played on tour as well.
Did you know anything about this Rose Ang?
I just remember hearing about her at Stanford,
and it was like a bedard coming up onto the scene.
A bedard.
And then I think she won a tournament immediately too.
She's a true phenom.
And she gave you a tip, dude.
I saw you stripe one.
And then the guy who tweeted the video tweeted,
yeah, he shanked
the next one oh yeah i uh the the one after the lesson i stripe but rosang she was at stanford
and actually broke um tiger's record there she won 12 tournaments and even at one in one uh
situation with intense start she'd won eight of them yeah so that's just an absolute heater i believe the only
um only uh ncaa golfer to win back-to-back titles ncaa titles has anybody ever done that no right
i don't know it was just lpga but and as you just touched on in her lGA, uh, debut, she won and she was the first LPGA member to win her debut
since 1952. So she has just, um, you know, exceeded every expectation she had coming in.
And she was a delight to be around and where you talk about this Roy McIlroy. So the way that he
was described to me, uh, you know, Immelman who wonman who won who won the green jacket yep he he was
with us and i got to pick his brain he's a great guy he does the cbs broadcast as the lead anchor
and he described mcelroy as basically this sydney crosby whereas like tiger woods would be the wayne
gretzky and just the way that he's conducted himself the entire time so getting to hang out
with him and just see the the class that he oozes the way that he's conducted himself the entire time. So getting to hang out with him and just see the class that he oozes,
the way that he's able to pipe the golf ball.
Did you not say that?
Bud, it is fucking insane the way that he coils and generates power
and pipes a golf ball.
And he's tiny.
Yeah, he's a bit of a unit now.
He was skinny when he came in, but he's jacked.
Yeah, he's not a very big guy.
Would you not say probably the smoothest swing on tour?
I think that there's a lot of golf fans and analysts
who would say he's the best driver of the golf ball maybe ever,
or top three.
His swing is just so perfect, and every single time,
it's amazing to watch.
I didn't watch the match, but I saw a highlight.
He hits a driver.
It lands like three feet from the hole on a par four.
He's hitting the ball 330 yards.
He's like 5'7".
So, I mean, another prodigy.
I think he was like five years old on TV in Ireland.
They're just these guys that are just born to do
something. And, and the thing about McElroy is he's, he hasn't won a major in so long. He had
four so quick and he just needs the masters for the, for the career grand slam. And it just seems
like it's, it's almost in his head a little bit. Maybe this year it can change, but he he's kind
of drawn some criticism this year because, and I think it's probably valid because he was all over the live guys.
And then he kind of flipped his tune pretty quick and was like, all right, we're being too hard on him.
I was too hard on him.
So all the live lovers like hate him and some of the tour guys are mad at him.
But in the end, he's had to have his hand in like so many different aspects of pro golf when he really wouldn't have to, right?
I don't think Tiger would have ever done that in his prime.
He just said, give me my clubs and don't talk to me.
So he's been like an ambassador to the game and you got to give him respect for that.
All class.
And going back to his beginning, his father worked at a golf club.
He was a bartender, I think in the, in the clubhouse.
And so he would just hit up the range every day, right?
You just go there and just have access to it.
So you talked about the expectation of him being a phenom and coming in and
just lighten the world on fire,
but it's more about also the way that he conducts himself.
You said about him being on fire for some of the live stuff.
Immelman seems to think that he was probably at some point going to be
offered about 700 million to join the live tour.
That is probably pretty that's pretty
fucked up to turn down 700 million dollars um when rory and i don't know the exact age i think it was
12 years old but don't quote me but it was right around like say 12 to 14 his dad made a bet that
he'd win the british open by like year. By the time he was like 21 or something.
He put a future on his kid?
Yes, and he did it.
How much did he win?
I don't know.
I can Google it.
It's incredible.
That's how good he was.
The dad got a future on him.
His dad won six figures, it says.
Oh, my God.
Good for him.
But just like getting to hang out with them and hear them j Josh back and forth on the course and see the production that,
uh,
the match puts up.
It's all brought to you by,
I think it was a capital one.
And,
uh,
it was,
it was unreal,
man.
I,
I,
I don't know.
I didn't really belong.
I don't really know why I got the nod,
but to everybody behind the scenes who set up that whole production,
it was an incredible experience at a place called the park.
And it was much, it was in West Palm, much like where we went in Boston, where it's a
public golf course and, you know, people can bring their kids there and they got like,
like tenor tennis courts.
They got an unbelievable area where you can sit out and eat and enjoy the sun too.
And it's just kind of a bit of a free for all and makes golf a really fun atmosphere
there.
So thank you to everybody who had everybody who made it a pleasant experience.
And I'll never forget the day where I got to hang out with DJ Khaled.
So he was 15, and he made the bet that his son would win the Open Championship
by the time he turned 26.
He got a 500-to-1 odds, and he won it when he was 25.
Wow.
Which is remarkable.
What do you think it might have been higher, the odds, Whit?
I mean, just because he was so young.
I think he was that good.
I think at 15 he was that good.
I remember playing Royal Port Rush,
and he grew up at the club next door in Northern Ireland,
and we were playing the course. It was really hard.
I was with Mike Commodore, Henrik Zetterberg, and Jacob Markstrom.
And everyone was struggling.
You know, you miss the fairway.
It's a lost ball.
We're like, holy shit.
And the guy's like, you want to hear something that'll make you puke?
I'm like, yeah.
He goes, Royal McElroy shot 60 here from the back tees when he was 13.
13 years old?
Yeah. He was a legit prodigy like a
a a it was there was never a doubt on on what he'd do so it's pretty cool well he won all the skins
yesterday little little fake news too how a little no no laying up they they mistakenly reported or
they reported well i don't know because then biz said fake news with DJ Khaled, and the guy from No Laying Up wrote me.
He said, your boy better tell the sources.
Yeah, I would say that after some serious thought,
I think that maybe Khaled was lying to me.
So to the No Laying Up podcast, my apologies for reporting fake news
on my fake news.
They were pretty pissed, eh, when I sent that video out.
They were like, well well our sources are saying
i bet you he did think he was playing and that's probably why he roped charles into doing an extra
two holes and then when i saw your video i saw your video like addressing fake news and you're
just like that's fake news right he's like yeah i'm better than charles barker i'm like i don't
think he really addressed the fake news there but as you said i mean this is a guy who has people
carry him around places.
So his Michael Jordan shoes don't get dirty.
So in the end,
we're not really going to expect some reality coming out of DJ Khaled.
I think he lives in a little bit of a,
he lives in his own bubble.
Yeah.
Jesus.
But I'm now living in,
I got a correction from last week.
I,
Jake Clemens as the nephew of Clarence Clemens,
not a son.
I fucked that up.
So I want to give a correction there.
Also remind Chicklets TV Toronto trip dropped last week.
We finally saw the epic Pasha, Pasha, that fucking fight video.
It was as good as you described it with absolutely fucking hilarious.
A lot of people were very disappointed, though, that memes assisted
didn't make an appearance.
Danica Morningstar, a lot of people are frothing at the bit to see her biz,
but a lot of comments that Danica
wasn't there. A lot of disappointment. Yeah.
Sorry that we couldn't add Danica to your
spank bank, you creeps. We're not putting
memes of sister online.
Actually, when we said her name,
she's private on Instagram.
She had 600 requests, all
from dudes. So you
fucking El Creepos following the Spit and Chickles
podcast,
go easy on memes.
His sister,
maybe we'll do it.
Maybe we'll do a dating show with memes,
his sister,
and he could be the host.
We'll run that live on our spit and chickles.
Please don't bend my sister over.
Hey man,
I don't care. She's older than keep it classy.
He's like,
I don't care.
She's my older sister.
So if not my younger,
if he was my younger one, I might care,
but maybe I'll
marry her. Speaking of vlogs,
guys, we do have another vlog coming out.
Another episode of Chicklets TV coming out this
week on Thursday.
It is behind the scenes of the stadium
series and the TNT alt cast.
It's a lot of cool stuff of how we made that
intro, how everything was filmed, and then we head over to the stadium series in Hoboken. We cast so it's a lot of cool stuff of how we made that intro how the how
everything was filmed and then we head over to the stadium series in hoboken we go to ra's movie
premiere there's a ton of good stuff in this episode of chicklets tv it comes out thursday
i'm glad you brought that up oh i was just saying i'm glad you brought up the opener and what you're
referring to is we did this little uh like bit to open up that alt cast and i forgot to mention
tyler lassiter's name he's
the guy who does all those like road to pine and all the silly videos along with all the other
members of the team behind the scenes like alex bent is another guy so they they help out a ton
behind the scenes and they made that video which we got to watch beforehand which i thought gave
us some confidence going in because we knew we were going to get some laughs and we've kind of hooked them in.
So shout out to the team over at TNT for getting that done as well.
I'm getting a lot of requests and asks about when the Sean Avery, Kevin Conley, Sandbagger
will come out.
Do we have any answers on that yet?
Yes.
So it's coming out the second week in March.
Holy fuck.
We're waiting that long to put it out.
We're really blue balling our fans. That's two weeks though, Biz. Yeah. We're waiting that long to put it out, eh? We're really blue-balling
our fans. That's two weeks, though, Biz.
Yeah, yeah. We're only two weeks away from that
DJ Khalid land.
But, yeah, you're going to love that.
Second week of March.
Solid episode here, boys.
I'm heading to the airport. I can't wait to get home.
Can't wait to see you guys again.
And hockey's buzzing, baby. We're on the road
to the playoffs.
And I think these last five weeks will be just a complete sprint to the finish.
Can't wait.
Chicklet, you coming again.
G was at NODAC.
Keep an eye on Game Notes coming out Friday.
And follow us on all our socials.
Everybody, have a fantastic week.
We'll catch you later.
Peace. Can you lick a cheek, but how much is your love? They say a drunken speech is just so good.
I like to poke a bear, I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
When I know she felt it
So I said she could have a free one on the chain
She went below the bell, yeah
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk Even so, I'm dying Outro Music
