Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, here's your love.
They say you're drunk in speech.
It's just so good. I like to put the. But baby, come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 487 of Spit and Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here are the Barstool Sports Podcast family
What is up gang? We're heading into the stretch run for the season.
A pretty wild trade deadline.
Let's jump right into it.
But first, breaking news.
Happy 39th birthday to Paul.
Don't you dare wish me a happy birthday.
Don't say happy birthday to this guy.
Nobody text him.
Whit fucking texted me.
I blocked his number.
Don't you dare wish me a happy birthday.
I didn't even know until they said it before.
Where were we? It was at Newport? Yeah, Newport. Yeah, a happy birthday. I didn't even know until they said it before. Where were we?
It was at Newport?
Yeah, Newport.
Yeah, Newport.
And I said, you know what?
I've completely changed my mind since you called me a grumpster for saying that.
And today I've been getting the text in and I have a day off.
And it's actually felt quite nice to wake up.
And I think, gee, you were one of the first people to text me, buddy.
So I love you.
I'm a huge birthday guy, always.
Even if I've met you once or twice, I'll wish you a happy birthday.
Not only did you text me, you posted the IG photo with the tag in it too.
So I said, you know what?
You got me in the mood for my birthday today, G.
Gotta get some good graces for the next contract negotiation.
There you go.
There you go.
It's all yours.
Now, going back to the trade deadline, incredible job by Game Notes.
You, Sean, whoever was involved setting that up.
You going on with the fucking Oilers outfit.
I mean, for a guy who
It was half Oilers outfit, and the other half was a Russian helmet,
my helmet from Russia.
Oh, was that a Bauer 4000?
Oh, yeah.
I rocked that.
Is that a 4000, the old school one?
The 4500, I think.
That's the only helmet I have.
Okay.
So Nike.
Well, I want to say you've worn different helmets.
Like wasn't Easton paying you at some point?
Yeah.
No, but I'm saying now that's the only helmet I have.
I don't have any other helmets, but I didn't even, I never wore this helmet in the NHL.
Oh, okay.
Because I was going to say, I think Bauer 4,000 will go down as the best helmet of all
time.
Unless you had a big
noggin and you had to do the one with the really thick thick foam so it looked a little weird at
the back and most guys who played in the show know what i'm talking about you know there was a couple
guys who like rocking them but they had the huge melons and they just didn't look as good as having
a medium size it would like cut off like the back end of their head you'd see like half okay so i have a
confession to make for a little bit i wore the 4000 but i wanted to fit in the medium so bad
it was on its like last screws to where but why did you want the medium so bad because the large
has the thick foam and it looks stupid it's all about the gear wear bud come on when you're
sitting on the bench for as much as i am like i know but neither one of us were like gear wear like greats i'd say i i know but if you had unreal gear wear if you compared
how bad i was to how i wore my equipment i think i would go down as one of the greats but i think
you were way better with the tongues out in junior and And then you went to shin pads over the tongues.
Okay, I know, but my boots got so heavy naturally
that I couldn't keep wearing the graphs
because once those things got,
and obviously even the NHL,
they would only give me one pair of skates a year
because they're like,
Biz, we're not getting you two pairs of skates a year.
You got to play above 55 games to get two pairs.
Now, talking about gear wear,
I'll never forget, there was, speaking of Bauer, I want to say Duncan Keith
was one of the last players to maybe still be wearing those Bowers.
And they were the ones where you would still paint the toe cap.
That was like a cloth material.
And nobody on our team still wore them,
and they were getting punched out in our room,
like Stan was doing them, Stan Wilson.
And I'm like, who skates are those? He goes, duncan keith and i'm like why is he doing it here he goes i guess they kind of just do it on the road because he wears a new pair every like five games
so duncan keith was wearing a new pair of wheels ra every five fucking games and he was using close
to a roll of tape around his ankles like every single period. Okay, yeah, he was a big ankle tape guy too.
So anyway, going back to your entrance
and all the guys you had on during that trade deadline thing,
bravo, boys.
That was an unreal setup.
Even you popped your head in RA.
Yeah, a little bit, a little bit.
You were more there to talk about all your futures, right?
How many futures?
Well, Merle's did bring them up.
We actually did.
We got a final tally.
11 teams I have futures on.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
So my wheels were spinning, and we were talking last episode a little bit about the gambling.
So are you not essentially gambling is kind of like a hedge?
It's all this hedge algorithm.
And even if you end up hitting one, it's like, yeah, I want a future.
But it's like, oh, overall, I lost 1,100.
Yeah, well, basically.
If he hit one, he wouldn't lose.
Yeah, I mean, for example, if Nashville won the Cup this year,
I'd be sitting pretty because they're 76-1.
I got a ticket on them.
But actually, I don't even think they're my biggest ticket, actually.
I can't remember at the top of my head.
But yeah, you basically throw them all out there.
If one hits, it pays for the rest of them, and you make a nice little profit, man.
So you said you have how many out there for futures for teams?
11 out of 32 teams, so roughly one-third.
Okay, so if the lowest one hit, it would pay for all the bets and then some?
I mean, if a few of them would, yeah.
I mean, I would say at least half of them would pay for, yeah, all the bets that lose and then a bunch more.
I mean, that'd definitely make a profit.
But either way, boys, a couple of notes before we dive right into all the trade stuff.
We got a couple of interviews we're going to get to a little bit later.
They're going to be a little later in the show.
We have Justin Thomas, the excellent golfer.
You're the golf expert on the show.
Where is he on the, I guess, the golf spectrum?
Where does he fall with as far far as top 10, top 5?
I would say one of the
most well-known names in the
game. He's got two majors. I think he has
I want to say like 15
to 16 PGA Tour wins.
I think we go over it in the interview, but we did
this a while back before his season began.
And so it's obviously
a little late, but it's
a great interview. the guy's the man
he kind of started following us on instagram a while ago and grinnelli got in touch with him
came on awesome guy and i'd kind of been hard on him before about the time he got the dude kicked
out of the tournament in palm beach for yelling get in the bunker when he hit an iron shot off
the 16th tee but in the end it was a blast talking to him we're gonna put that at the very end just
after all the hockey talk but it was awesome for for at least me and i think biz enjoyed it as well
just talking to a high level um major champion in on the pga tour so it was a good time i forget
did we bring up the fact that you chirped them about that i don't know if i did i pussied out
have you changed your mind on that because if a guy yelled that at me, I'd probably act. Oh, no, I would still say, like, you kind of got to take that.
Like, he just, I think he got the guy booted, actually.
What if you would have challenged him to a scrap?
What would you have thought then?
If who?
Thomas challenged him to a scrap?
I know he wouldn't do it, but, like, what if a golfer's reaction,
instead of getting him booted, saying, fuck you, bitch, square up.
Would you be, like, loving that for golf?
If you don't have a hat tip or, fuck you, bitch, square up. Would you be loving that for golf?
If you don't have a hat tip or props to that,
I don't know what's wrong with you. That would be probably one of the all-time golf moments.
Don't get them booted.
I could see that going down on the live tour.
But then they just behead you.
All right, were you teeing that one up too. You beat me. All right.
Were you teeing that one up, too?
Oh, he beat me to the punch on that one.
I was like, should I say it?
Should I say it?
Oh, fuck, man.
Also, we got St. Louis Blues legend Kelly Chase.
He joins us for a little bit.
He's been dealing with a bit of a health battle here, but he has an announcement he makes on the show.
We're going to get that a little bit later.
And also, I know a lot of you folks have been clamoring for the next Sandbagger.
Thursday, 6 o'clock.
Sean Avery, Kevin Conley.
Oh, my God.
This one is so ridiculous.
And I laughed.
I mean, I know I say this every time.
Pasha does such a great job just putting these things together.
Bleep the name.
Bullshit.
Yeah.
Still, that scumbag does such a great job doing the entire kind of cutting and putting it all together.
But I was laughing out loud the whole time watching it.
Avery and Conley together, their dynamic is just something else.
And it turns out to be, I think, one of the most memorable sandbaggers we've done.
So Thursday at 6 o'clock, guys, I guess that's good.
We have Justin Thomas.
He had a golfer on the same week we're dropping a sandbagger.
Had a lot of questions of when's the next
sandbagger this Thursday night.
Tune in. Isn't it nice having a few guys
on where you're like, just roll the cameras. We can
just sit back and enjoy the show, this one.
Well, and then you don't even know
what's going on in their cart, and that
turns out to just be its own little
mini story within the match.
So yes, I highly recommend checking this one out.
My flu game.
It was my flu match, too.
I was sick as a dog.
Okay, so normally I'm a little bit better when I'm on the sauce golfing,
especially my putting.
My putting is a joke.
A little bit.
And I don't golf as much during the winter because I'm traveling around
fucking doing TNT and all this is nonsense.
So when you showed up and you were sick, I thought we were fucked because I was brutal on that trip.
I was throwing up at like four in the morning.
And I just remember thinking like, we're done.
We're fucked.
We're going to lose.
We're going to lose.
And then just watch the match.
That's all I'll say.
Just watch the match.
Wit here.
Pink Whitney time. The discussion weekly about new amsterdam's
own pink lemonade flavored vodka pink whitney where it's at and march guys march madness
saint patty's day um i like the saying in like a lion out like a lamb and for any of you youngsters
out there maybe people without a brain do you understand what I'm saying? It's still winter.
So it's coming in like a lion.
But at the end of March, spring's right there.
Technically, I believe it is spring maybe.
And then it's a lamb.
It's just a baby lamb.
And he's all warm.
And you know why he's warm?
It's because he's drinking Pink Whitney.
And he's doing a shot.
He's doing a nip.
Or he's got the big 1.75 bottle.
And the little lamb, he's just sipping on that. And his the big 1.75 bottle and the little lamb he's just
sipping on that and his mom's like do you want to just drink from my nipple no no no i got my
pink witty and that's how lambs stay warm now maybe i'm reaching a little bit on that one but
like i said saint paddy's day green beer and pink whitney shots on the side march madness i'm going
to be at barstool headquarters in Chicago for March madness.
Dame's, uh, days one and two of the tourney.
And I'm telling you the nips are going to be flying.
If we get an over in the first half, boom, if we get a win, boom, it's just going to
be one of those things where people are going to have to drink, get involved.
Everybody rides like Merle says for pink Whitney.
So that's why we appreciate everyone out there drinking it.
Go to your local bar.
Order up a Pink Whitney on the rocks.
Order up a shot.
Order up Pink Whitney with an energy drink.
Whatever floats your boat, whatever you enjoy, Pink Whitney's where it's at.
Shout out New Amsterdam and shout out all you.
Thank you for your support.
We love you all.
Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam's own.
Take your shot. Boys, you all. Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam Zone. Take your shot.
Boys, trade deadline.
Wild week. Biz, if you're a
fan of Vegas, man, you have to love how much this team
just puts their fucking balls on the table.
Every trade deadline, they go out, they get
Noah Hannafin, the biggest defenseman on the
trade deadline market. Then they get Anthony
Manta from the Capitals. Then a
name nobody had out there. Nobody
even thought he was going to get traded. Thomas Hurdle,
San Jose Shocks. He's doing what? I think the second
year of his deal, eight-year deal.
They get this guy. This team just fucking
chews him up, spits him out, and fucking wins.
And you don't like it, Biz. What's the problem
with this? They put the
fucking eyeball emojis out
the night before, just trolling
the fucking league like, lick my ball
bag. It's diabolical
now i i love it i don't have a i don't have like a horse in the race so to speak because i just
love all this madness that's been happening this year but as i said on tv and wit you'll agree with
me if mark stone is ready to go game one, soup to nuts, Ferrari out of the shop,
and he's putting up a point of game, and their centers are so deep
where Chandler Stevenson's playing the fucking wing,
who was one of the best centermen of all the playoffs last year,
is it not a little bit suspicious?
This is cap circumcision at its finest four years in a row and I
don't want people to turn this into me
saying that stones faking this injury
but I think we were on a phone call wit
okay and all right it's not faking an
injury where you talked about if you had
to get your spleen removed it's like a
three to four month process where you're
coming back I think it's like a three to four month process where you're coming back
i think it's longer for like removal his is lacerated so have any of us reached i haven't
do we know how long you're out with a lacerated spleen how does that happen i think it's three
to i think it's like three to five ish months but it depends on the severity. Biz, I'm so happy you said that.
None of us are saying Stone's fake in anything.
And my video that I made, if people didn't see it, it's on Twitter.
It's on Chickleton, my own Twitter.
It was just an initial reaction, and it was infuriating to me that they went out and got hurt.
So everyone knows they've had moments with their kids,
with their wives, with their spouse.
You just overreact.
That's part of life.
Now, no one's ever proud about overreacting.
I overreact.
Okay?
I'm disgusted by this team, but it's jealousy.
It's jealousy.
It's jealousy, and it's the fact that my team can't
and hasn't done it.
By the way, other teams have done this.
Yes, Kucherov made a joke of it, sitting there crushing Bud Light's laughing, making T-shirts about it.
So it's not just Vegas.
Vegas has done it above and beyond now.
Now, here's the thing.
When I say jealousy, I wish my team had 130 million salary cap roster when everyone's healthy, but they don't.
But Vegas doesn't give a shit.
And in the end, as I said last week, which is why my video made no sense because I said blame the league.
It's true.
This is on the league.
And for Vegas fans to sit there and enjoy it, it makes sense because their team isn't breaking a rule.
I know it's crazy.
I know it's crazy, but they're not.
And at the time of seeing Hurdle get there, I just said,
I'm so sick and tired of this team doing this.
But this team competes.
This team doesn't give a shit.
This team will cut and gas any players they've had.
Flurry, Pacioretty.
Now it's probably going to be Marchessault.
I don't think they can resign Marchessault.
No, no, no.
I got a theory on this. We'll get to it later. I got a theory on Marchessault. I don't think they can re-sign Marchessault. No, no, no. I got a theory on this.
We'll get to it later.
I got a theory on Marchessault.
Let's keep moving it along.
This team is willing to do whatever it takes to win.
They don't care about feelings.
They don't care about guys being attached to the city.
They're like, fuck you.
What's that movie, R.A., when Ben affleck's giving the uh the speech boiler room
right remember he's just talking about he's just like you know i don't even remember the line
there's i remember he has a message and then it's all about just i don't care we want to win yeah
we're trying our hardest every single season to win now when it goes back to the ltir the league
has an issue there is no doubt about it about it. There is an issue here at
this point, okay? I don't know how you address it. I mentioned before about having a salary cap in
the playoffs or at least having your roster, that game, every particular game of the playoffs
matching the salary cap. But here's the thing, guys. When Stone and all these other players
come back, why are they not playing Game 82 with the regular?
You're telling me you're healthy enough to play Game 1 of the first round,
but three days prior, you couldn't play Game 82 of the regular season?
That doesn't make sense to me.
Well, because the cap is still in effect because they'd be over the cap.
I understand, all right, but that's what we're saying.
There's issues that they're ready to play.
And I'm getting,
we're getting called conspiracy theorists
online for this. Okay, so let's say this.
Let's say Stone comes back game one.
He's a point per game player.
They march on to repeat as Stanley Cup champions.
But next year, same time,
when he goes on LTR again
and they add Patrick fucking Mahomes
to the fucking team with his salary cap and
they go on to win a third one I'm just
gonna say there's a bit of a fucking
pattern going on here that's all we're
trying to say so all right if it's a
case of a guy saying you know what we
got we're about even if I came back a
month from now I'd rather just take the four weeks leading into playoffs, relax a little bit, keep skating, stay in shape, and then boom, you hit the fucking playoffs, game one, primed and ready to go.
And it just so happens you're now 10 million over the cap, and you were able to make probably the two biggest deals at the deadline as a result of it.
Probably the two biggest deals at the deadline as a result of it. They, George McPhee and Kelly McCrimmon are two of the smartest, most diabolical people in management.
And now that they got fucking Bill Foley in the mix, who's got, who's a Billy goat through and through.
It's the most insane trio.
They are so fucking far above of everybody else
as far as how they're manipulating everything,
and they deserve to be applauded for it.
You ever see the show Pinky and the Brain?
Pinky and the Brain.
Pinky and the Brain.
I know the song.
I never saw it.
I mean, yeah.
One is a genius.
The other is insane.
It's like that.
That's what we're fucking dealing with here.
So, R.A., as I said, though,
there is not a fan out there
that wouldn't want their team to be doing this.
That's just a fact.
It sucks when it happens against you.
My favorite team happens to be in the same division as them,
and they're probably going to end up playing them in the first round.
Now, yes, Vegas right now sits as the second wild card. happens to be in the same division as them, and they're probably going to end up playing them in the first round.
Now, yes, Vegas right now sits as the second wild card.
They've been one of the worst teams in the league since late December.
Legit, like, bottom 10 team in the league since late December.
You got to think that they figure it out and that they probably overtake the LA Kings for third in the Pacific,
and I got Oilers-Vegas first round.
And, I mean, talk about an absolute disaster in the making
with the depth if everyone's healthy.
But here's the other thing.
Maybe they know that Stone is out.
That could be part of it.
Now, would you come out and say it?
No.
Why would you give that away to anyone?
It makes no sense.
But there could be a chance.
Maybe it's actually like, all right, we understand. This guy's not
coming back till mid-May,
late May, if at all.
So we don't know. There's so many questions
that remain to be answered. But every
fan, including myself, that is
furious and sick and tired of this
wishes their team could do it.
That's just how this
goes, man. And until the league does something
about it in the next CBA, I don't see it changing because and like unless it's golf, unless it's golf, if you ain't cheating, you ain't trying.
OK, so at some point here, the league's going to have to address this or this will continue to be a story year after year after year. But for them to get Hannafin and shore up that D that was already
really good, even Martinez is on the IR. When Martinez comes back, like white clouds probably
coming out of the lineup. It gives them five lefties, I believe, and only one righty in Petro,
but they're deep, dude. They're deep everywhere. Stevenson might be playing wing if they're all
healthy for Christ's sake. So I don't know what what's gonna happen with stone nobody
does that's the whole question but just to see them do it again it's one of those things where
a vegas fan loves it they're just taking it all in they're drinking our tears and i can't blame
them for it but i'm gonna keep crying until the oilers smack them in the mouth in the first round
and that will be a series where even if edmonton gets through, if they do play,
how are you going to play another three rounds and win the cup,
getting your shit pumped in by Vegas all series,
even if you do get by him.
As far as that question,
what game 82 versus round one game one,
I feel like that could be almost any injury in the NHL.
Like,
you know,
a guy might feel like 90 he could play that game and maybe like,
Oh fuck,
I'm going to wait until the playoffs.
You know what I'm saying? There's such a fine
line, I think, between when a guy is ready to play
versus not ready to play.
Is it ultimately the player's decision or
does he tell the trainer or the coach? How does
that exactly go?
I guess it's the player's decision, but
what I'm saying is
obviously you're going to wait until the first game of the
playoffs because you have the cap issues, but the real thing is fans are looking at, obviously you're going to wait until the first game of the playoffs because you have the cap issues.
But the real thing is fans are looking at it like you're ready to play.
Like, there's just not many injuries that within two days span,
all of a sudden you're ready to go.
But a couple days prior, no chance I could play.
But like I'm saying, with this whole scenario,
that's what you'd be doing.
That's what you have to do when you're working around the system the way they are.
And, I mean, maybe the hockey gods and karma for this manipulation.
That's what Basie said to me on the phone.
What if they miss playoffs?
They're not that, like, there's a chance.
I don't think.
There's a snowball chance in hell, but there's a chance. It hell but it's there's a chance it's just like
too big of a it's right now it'd be minnesota there's seven points six points back of them
and vegas has a game in hand and we should probably wait to talk about this i think we
had it later in the outline after that magic in minnesota after that fucking move they pulled off
do you want to talk about it now?
Or do you want to wrap up Vegas?
I was thinking there.
How old is Marchesau?
I want to say he's around 33-ish.
So would you say that...
He's got 35 goals this year.
Right.
33 years old.
My assumption in order to keep him is they offer
him an eight-year deal which at that age is not very common correct at what real no money real
low but at at uh they're gonna figure out the aav and we might be surprised at how low it is
but they got the money to front load it and pay it in signing bonus and maybe by
fucking year seven or eight he ain't even fucking playing anymore but they don't give a fuck they're
winning cups now they don't like there's no like hey here you go man we're gonna help you out we're
the vegas golden knights you've been here since the beginning the band of misfits the cup final
run then the cup championship i understand see you laterits, the Cup Final Run, then the Cup Championship.
I understand.
See you later, Jonathan.
Don't let the joy hit you in the ass.
That's what they do.
But I'm telling you, there's a number.
There's a number.
I understand that he could probably go out there and get like a Kalorn deal
where it's maybe like a four-year deal
and maybe it's like in the seven and a half eight range i get
that that he could go get that but you're telling me if he's offered like an eight-year deal at like
six to five and they're fucking and they're i think that'd be a lot okay maybe even a little
bit lower but i'm saying is is you not thinking free agency that somebody's going to offer a more than 6-2-5 a year at scoring another 40 years?
The guy won a fucking Conn Smythe.
Yeah, I just think it's more likely
with the history of that team
that they're like, thanks for everything.
See you later, bud.
And I understand that.
And I'm telling you is I bet you
they're going to pull another rabbit out of their ass.
They're going to keep their fucking Mr. Clutch,
the guy, one of the original misfits, and they're going to lock him into a long-term deal and they're going to keep their fucking Mr. Clutch, the guy, one of the original misfits,
and they're going to lock him into a long-term deal,
and they're going to keep it at a good number
where they can keep him,
and they're going to front load it
and bonus the fuck out of it and guarantee it,
whereas if, though, maybe on the back ends of the years,
he's not even playing anymore.
Who knows?
But they're going to be able to figure out a way to keep him,
and I get how in the past they have been ruthless,
but you also don't want to part ways with your Con Smythe guy
and a guy who's got 35 this year
and probably going to light it up again in playoffs.
You don't want to part ways with that guy.
He's a foundational core piece.
I think if you win again, you're just like, thanks.
This is an argument that we'll be able to have once the agency
or once his extension is signed.
But here's the thing.
But you brought it up, and I was thinking about it last night,
and I go, I bet you they think they're going to be cutthroat with Marchie.
And I go, no, they're going to bring him back,
and they're going to find a way to squeeze him in
because they're fucking 10 steps ahead of everybody, these guys.
Pinky and the brain.
But then they go out.
Hannafin had two assists the other night against detroit they win five three mantha who is kind of a notorious dog i'd say not not the good dog
not like he's a dog yeah it's kind of like dude he's like a lazy dog right now but you get in that
winning culture and it's similar to cuz net's off going to carolina and you're like we're gonna just
get this guy into how we do things.
And he's going to figure it out and it's sink or swim.
So amazing deadline for them again.
Do I hate the Golden Knights?
Yep.
Do I respect the hell out of that GM and that president?
Yep.
So in the end, they are right now crushing souls.
Let's see how this all plays out.
But if you're a fan and you're saying that you
didn't you wish you didn't team didn't do this you're flat out lying well and another thing to
our a we have a guy in management with the florida panthers luongo sending out fucking gifts of the
wrestler who's the wrestler coming out it's like like a famous gif. Undertaker. Was it the Undertaker?
Oh, I thought it was a different...
Undertaker with the fake cast on in the
wheelchair.
We're not the only ones who think this is going
on. We got management... And all he wrote was game
one, right? Yeah.
Well, there are actually 16 teams currently
utilizing the LTIR right now.
So, I mean, half the league is utilizing that rule right now.
So, you know, it's a lot.
Including business Leafs.
To what extent?
Yeah, but you're saying that, buddy, when it's like Klingberg.
Like, he's done.
He's out.
He's gone.
He's on fucking Klingberg Island with Robida.
The other thing about Vegas, Biz, is that they're just so successful
that teams are like,
it's been six or seven years since they're in the league,
and they're in the fucking hunt every season.
Buffalo hasn't been in the playoffs since, what, 2010?
Yeah.
So it's more about jealousy, and I'm one of them.
Biz, you mentioned the Nashville-Minnesota game the other day.
First off, Nashville, man, that was a team that looked dead in the water
about a month ago, four points out of a playoff spot.
Of course, we talked about it before.
The U2 concert got canceled.
They ended up winning eight in a row.
Could jump right in the back of the playoff mix.
They have 80 chance to get in the playoffs right now.
They ended up picking up Anthony Beauvillier and Jason Zucker,
a little depth for the playoff rush here.
But Sunday's the game.
I don't know if you guys had seen this before.
It went to overtime.
Nashville tied it late on a power play.
Minnesota pulled the goalie in overtime, so they had a four on three.
They ended up winning the game, but if they had lost that game,
they would have got no points.
You guys weren't aware of that, you said, Whit, right?
So, Jazz, our statistician, is that a statistician?
I think I got the second one right.
Who did the fucking AEW promo too.
He had a fucking night on him.
But he pulled up the stats.
So, it was first done in the KHL
by Sergey Fedorov.
And you know the team
that he took over for.
They obviously have a high-flying,
offensively skilled team.
But in the KHL, in overtime, you still end up getting that point.
So he was able to be successful on it, and it ended up going viral,
like the clips from the KHL did.
Then, more recently, and Merle's ended up bringing it up on Game Notes,
he said that it's happened in Timra.
They started doing it in the Finnish league.
So I don't think in that league either you get penalized
where if you get scored on, it happens.
But Merle said, who is going to be the first coach
that has the balls to do this in the NHL?
Did Merle's on his podcast on Game Notes mention
that you don't get the point?
Or was he also unaware of that?
No, so he didn't mention it.
I had no clue.
I had no clue about that. People might not say not say oh it's as ballsy as you think because they need points right now if they don't fucking do everything
in their power to get two every night they don't have a chicken dick's chance of making it but
i don't think anybody in their right mind thought this was going to happen flurry started coming up
the ice so all of us at the panel are like oh like i don't see the refs arm up like is the back refs arm up and then it kind of came back and then flurry had to return a little
bit and then you could see both refs it's like what the fuck is happening here and then he makes
the beeline for the bench and they throw it the other guy and then all of a sudden you see like
one guy i'm like did they pull the fucking goalie in overtime and then one guy in the crowd kind of
stands up and the next thing you know everybody's on their feet being like holy fucking shit here we go and they pull
off who was it who had the primary assist was it zuccarello yeah it was sick dish but everybody in
the building thought he was going down to erickson eck and he's staring erickson eck right in the
fucking eyes and he turns the stick over and slides that cross ice to Brody, and that shot.
Boldy, Boldy.
Boldy, what did I say, Brody?
Brody.
Yeah, sorry.
Brody Jenner.
Sorry, Boldy.
Boldy, couldn't have been a perfect shot,
12 inches off the ice glove side,
and what an incredible fucking game, Witt,
and what a way to end it.
Not even the players knew, though.
I don't know if you guys saw Marcus Foligno after the game,
Boldy after the game.
They had no idea that if they pulled the
goalie as well, they would lose the point. They were
just like, oh, I thought that's just how the coach was throwing it up.
I don't even think John Hines knew. I don't think
anybody knew until Jazz looked up the rule
because he thought, everyone thought, nobody's got
the balls to do this. This ain't the KHL.
Well, the best part about it was... We're not slaughtering
lambs here and doing gas.
The coolest...
The coolest part about it was just seeing a goalie getting to
celebrate sitting on the bench with the players for an overtime winner like the fact that the
bench is going nuts and flurries in the middle of it it's just it's such an odd picture to see the
goalie with his mask on going bananas on the bench and and i mean it makes total sense they need
points and i think panger or whoever was doing the game said right away or the announcer, like
they need points.
They need two points every night.
Other than that, it's like you can't even ice it.
So obviously, you'd probably go for the icing.
If somebody from Nashville gets that, they're trying to shoot it down no matter what.
But I mean, buddy, it misses the net when we get another face off that goalie stand
pulled. So it was just a really cool mean, buddy, it misses the net. Boom, we get another face-off. That goalie's staying pulled. So it was
just a really cool event
to see because it had never happened.
I can't believe that it took this
long. I guess the way that it
has to be where it's a team chasing down
points into the year. It would have to be the
exact scenario we're in right now. But to
see it all play out the way it did, what
a game, too. Foligno fought McCarron
like two minutes into the game.
Great bout.
Awesome fight.
And then later, Kiefer Sherwood fought, I don't remember who it was in Minnesota.
No, no.
It was, was it Sherwood or was it that Evangelista?
No, it wasn't Evangelista.
It was Sherwood because I read a tweet that he has a skin condition.
Mason Shaw. Did he fight Mason Shaw? Mason Shaw that he has a skin condition. Mason Shaw.
Did he fight Mason Shaw?
Mason Shaw.
That's who it was.
Mason Shaw.
Good call.
Sherwood has a skin condition where he has to wear these really thin white gloves under his gloves while he's playing.
And then when he's going to fight, he's taking them off prior to the fight or on the bench when he knows he's going next shift.
So I couldn't believe that.
That's probably hard to get used to whenever you have to start doing that,
to have that extra layer between your hand and the glove.
That's impressive.
Yeah, the broadcast picked it up.
So when he ends up agreeing to go, guys, he has to step back.
It can't be spontaneous because he has to figure out how to get the glove off
because if you don't take your glove off and you have something on your hands
when you scrap, don't you get tossed from the game
and maybe even get a suspension?
So you could see how he's kind of like agreeing, but he's like, oh, shit, give me a second.
He somehow gets it off in time.
But that was an awesome game.
And seeing Minnesota get those two points, we're hoping for playoff races.
It looks to me, at least in the West, it's set.
Now, obviously, the Wilds have something to say about that.
Who knows with the Flames.
But in the East it's almost like
kind of Detroit, Philly
and the Islanders
will be battling. But we want races.
I love seeing that action and that
new age play that we got to witness.
So a couple other things from that game. Flower when
Forsberg hit the post. Just giving
the post love every time.
In the midst of overtime you're in this playoff hunt,
he's just still having a ball.
I thought that penalty
on Eriksson Ek that ended up tying the game
with the O'Reilly goal.
Were you watching the game?
It was
fucking softer than
puppy shit. Fuck off.
That was such a bad call.
Anyway, if you're a Minnesota fan and you're watching that game,
you're going to be like, thank you.
That was a fucking bullshit call.
That definitely would have put a stamp on the season.
But I think that's it from that game.
Well, Whit, you just mentioned the East, and it races out East.
Now, Carolina, that's a team.
They've been criticized the last few years of not making the move
to go over the top, go all in, as they say.
But the biggest fucking forward on the
trade deadline market
Jake Ensel. They ended up
landing him. Then they go out and get
Kuznetsov as well from Washington.
Is Carolina the team to beat?
Are they going to catch the Rangers here? What do you think?
They're two points back right now. Rangers do have a game in hand
but I don't know. I feel like Carolinas might
be the team to beat the East right now with this.
I think the Florida Panthers are the team to beat.
But I think I speak for all Carolina Hurricanes fans out there with this.
That's a hell of a slow clap I just gave to the Carolina Hurricanes management.
Yeah.
And you know what?
Don Waddell was out there and he said, I think the fans were ready to run me out of the building Hurricanes management. And you know what? Don Waddell was out there, and he said,
I think the fans were ready to run me out of the building.
He knew.
He knew they had to do something.
The time had come.
This team's forwards, they don't score a ton of goals, man.
They're top six.
They're down near the middle bottom of the league
in terms of goals scored.
They had to make a difference.
And what happened in the Easter Conference Finals?
They were getting shut out left and right.
Now Florida is a different beast.
I think everyone's well aware that we're looking at a different team.
With the ability to stay healthy.
I don't know if they can be stopped.
But Carolina is going to have something to say about it now.
You slot those two guys in.
Gensel is a difference maker.
He's an absolute playoff performer.
Ever since he came in the league, rookie year, 13 goals.
They win the Stanley Cup.
I think that you're going to see him immediately impact that team.
And now they're top six, dude.
You got that top line with Ajo.
You got Terravainen and Shvetnikov. Then you got the second line.
I see Gensel maybe right between on the right wing, all right?
We're looking at, what's his name?
Netschus in the middle.
Kuznetsov and on the left side, Jake Gensel.
Because Kuznetsov, guys, while being an enormous question mark,
this guy can play when he wants to.
Now, I don't know if he's going to immediately be able
to come in and be that offensive wizard
that we've seen in the past. He's been awesome so far.
But, dude, he doesn't have a point
in two games. He's played more minutes the second
game than the first. He is
a difference maker when he wants to be.
So, I just think that the Carolina
Hurricanes going out and getting those
impact players, getting talented
offensive players,
is the only thing that they've really ever lacked come playoff time.
They're D-awesome.
Anderson's back.
I don't worry about the goaltending.
I worry about scoring goals.
And when you have a fan base that's dying for a winner,
and then the team goes and addresses the number one need,
you can't leave not thrilled with how their deadline went.
And I think you're going to see
amazing things by kuznetsov uh brindamore i saw quotes about brindamore when he coached him in
the all-star game really complimentary of him as a guy you saw him get the plumbers award i guess
they give out like a like a what are those things uh what do you what do you do with the clogged
plunger yeah it's a plunger there you go plunger that boy wit that's what i used for twig that's
what i did at the yandles house when i used to clog their toilet every time I went over there.
But I think now he gets into a winning atmosphere.
Mantha can have to.
Mantha's going to raise his game in Vegas.
Kuznetsov, you don't raise your game here, it's not going to work out.
And imagine the excitement for him to go from the AHL to one of the top teams in the league,
centering a top line and getting
a chance to compete for a cup.
By the way, we didn't even mention Jarvis.
They got guys on the bottom six who can play offensively and be great checkers.
So such a great deadline for the Carolina Hurricanes right up there with Colorado and
Vegas in terms of the top deadline days, I think.
So as far as the team's concerned, too.
So Anderson back from that blood clot he had, too,
and we knew goaltending was going to round itself out.
D struggled a bit at the beginning of the year.
They just kind of didn't look like themselves,
but they're starting to hum,
and you talked about these additions.
I think Kuznetsov, sometimes with these Russians,
they just need that motivation.
I think he was basically resting the first 60 games this season where his give-a-fuck meter, and the Russians, they just need that motivation. Like, I think he was basically resting the first 60 games this season where his
give a fuck meter and
like the Russians, they have
what's that? He was at rehab
resting for a little bit too. Oh,
I didn't know he entered the program this year.
Kuznetsov? Oh, I didn't
know. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, they
put him on waivers right when he got out.
Well, sometimes the give a fuck meter
can get pretty low too
for some of these guys.
I don't know what his issue was at the start of the year.
He didn't want to be there even at the start of the year
before any of that that you just mentioned.
Same thing with Tarasenko.
And not to say he wasn't motivated in Ottawa.
He had 20 goals, but so far in Florida,
he looks like the old Tarasenko when the St. Louis Blues
had that lethal 40-goal sniper.
So as far as Kuznetsov, I agree.
That might not be just as big as a pickup as the Gensel move.
And you said it all about Gensel.
He's just a slippery forward who's got a lethal shot.
He knows the right places to be.
And some of you might say, oh, well, he fucking played with Crosby.
I agree with you, Ed.
I think he's going to slide right in with Aho,
and he's going to be lighting the lamp
as soon as he starts playing. He's a
gamer. Gamer. He's a gamer.
What's he got? 34
playoff goals in his career?
He's got
three different runs where he had like
eight or more? Yeah, Gensel, yeah.
58
points in 58 playoff games, basically.
How many goals are A, 34?
Yeah, 34 goals, 24 assists.
Yep, bango, bango.
A goal every other playoff game?
Yeah.
The last time he was in the playoffs,
he had eight goals in seven games against the Rangers
when they lost that series,
when Louis Domingue was eating the spicy pork and broccoli.
Oh, God.
When goaltending fucked them, and then they figured out everything other than
goaltending and they traded away two of their good D-men.
The trade.
We'll go back to that trade quickly for Gensel.
Penguins fans are furious.
I understand.
The Penguins, it's over.
You know?
It's been this incredible 18-year run.
I mean, R.A., you look surprised.
I guess just hearing you say it, admitting it.
That's it.
And it's so wild to see.
And you've seen the two games since the deadline.
I mean, they look like the worst team in the league.
So, granted, they played Boston at Edmonton and got their faces caved in.
at Boston and Ed Edmonton and got their faces caved in.
But, buddy, they didn't even get one of the top five prospects from the Hurricanes in that trade.
And I don't know the Finnish kid.
Grinnelli, look up his name quick.
He's lighting up the Finnish league.
Yes, yes.
He's lighting up the Finnish league, so you never know what he could do.
But, man, they got Nikishkin, I think.
Nikishin in KHL.
That was a non-starter.
A stud defenseman who's getting like 50, 60 points a year the last two years in the KHL.
They got Bradley Nadeau at Maine.
They didn't get him.
They got Jackson Blake at North Dakota.
They didn't get him. They got Jaden Perron at North Dakota. They didn't get him. They got Jackson Blake at North Dakota. They didn't get him. They got
Jaden Perron at North Dakota. They didn't
get him. They got Morrow at UMass.
They didn't get him. Holy fuck, Whit.
Penguins fans are like... What are you, a
fucking scout now? Are you scouting for
BU? I've seen Morrow and
Nadeau and Perron and Blake all play
against BU this year. They're all nasty.
Perron hasn't been like the other
three in college hockey, but he's like an undersized
freshman whose shot is
unbelievable. He played with Celebrini
the year prior in the USHL.
I think Penguins fans looking at a trade
for Gensler, yeah, UFA, so I don't know what
to expect, but they're like, what?
We didn't get...
The tiki torches came out online.
People were not happy with the trade from
Dubas. No.
So do you agree with that?
You think he should have been able to fleece him for one of those?
Well, that's the thing.
You're in a position of no power because you have to trade him.
You're not going to sign him.
We need something.
He wanted players.
He didn't want picks or a lot of picks.
And then Waddell's sitting there like, buddy, here's the offer.
Like, I don't really know what you've done do you think
do uh bunting can become a like a like a hyman like to to what mcdavid is for crosby do you
think he could be a pascal dupuy could possibly but
they got rusk they got rust signed for four more years they got uh
latang for four more years they got um malkin i think for two or three more they got graves for
four more years like these are guys that are getting older that are getting more injured
and are getting worse how are they going to rebuild and become a legitimate team like i
don't know i think it's over, buddy. It's crazy.
I was playing devil's advocate.
They do have a decent amount of cap space.
So is a retool possible?
But I think we can agree that Malkin is about 60 of what he used to be.
Would you say that's fair?
About 60?
He can't have the same impact of what a Crosby does on a game now,
and that used to be the case where it was a two-headed monster.
It was like McDavid and like Dreisaitl for back then.
So I just, I don't know.
I guess I think with the amount they have in the cap,
a retool won't be possible if they're able to get back to that game.
And then you've got about two more years of the same production
that what Crosby's given you this year, and then it's it.
That's it.
It's all said and done.
It's crazy.
Interesting note, Carolina, only seven teams have a lower save percentage
than Carolina's.899 save percentage,
and only seven teams have more points than them, too.
It's just such an anomaly, man, that the save percentage is that bad,
but they're still one of the top eight teams in the league.
So they just got Anderson back already,
and I think that that's going to go into hyperdrive and fucking look out.
Huge pickup.
I mean, he was terrific for them last year, that series versus Florida, man.
I mean, he played his ass off and ran to the games that ran those in.
They just couldn't score any fucking goals in that series but both those goals were terrific on that series
last year but uh moving right along colorado uh they they showed up a little bit of help as well
this was a surprising trade uh because there was i think six big trades on wednesday that almost
felt like deadline day uh last week uh they sent uh bowen byram the defenseman to buffalo for uh
25 world senate casey midd Sent a Casey Middlestat.
Middlestat's going to be an RFA this year.
Byram still has another year left in the deal.
Were you shocked that they pondered what Byram had, Biz? I know you've been high on him for the last...
So his name's popped up over the last couple years,
and they finally end up moving on.
I think the feeling was he knew he was never going to get the type of ice time
to where he could flourish and be that number one
guy and then therefore not ever be able to be paid like one. So if he's got the confidence and he
wants to go try to be that fucking a, and they accommodated him. Now I think that middle stat
could end up being like a perfect guy to get in return. I guess right now I would like my initial
thoughts is like,
damn,
they held on this long.
I thought maybe they could get a little bit more,
but middle stats,
having a career year.
Uh,
I'm curious to know if he can play at the pace in which Colorado plays.
They're a fast paced team that hounds pucks and they transition quick.
And I'm not saying Buffalo doesn't do that, but I don't
necessarily know if Middlestad's known for his speed. Maybe some people might say, fuck dude,
he's a deceivingly fast player, but ultimately it comes down to what can you do out there? Can he be
from a production standpoint is hard to play against or as efficient and as Nazem Qadri.
is hard to play against or as efficient as Nazem Qadri.
And if he can do that, it's an incredible trade.
I'm a little confused that Buffalo went out and got another left-handed defenseman
because you're also saying in the same breath,
Byron wants to go somewhere where he can flourish
and be that number one on the left side.
Well, they do have Darlene, who's a left-handed shot.
I think he's more known to play the right
but then you also have Owen Power and then is it's Matthias Samuelsson is that and he's on a
Bargoon contract and I'm sure he's the type of uh more of a simplistic playing defenseman where he
might also get shift over to the right side but to have your top two pairings be all lefties is bizarro land to me.
Witt, you can chime in.
It's bizarre, but it's also,
I don't think it's as big of a deal as people make it out to be.
I think every head coach I've talked to has said,
I would be okay with it on my bottom pair.
Yeah, Nick Lidstrom, he refused to play the right side.
It's just you're more susceptible to making errors.
It's just you look at any
are there a few defensemen in the league
that are extremely good at a left-handed shot
playing the right side?
Absolutely.
But I think it's bizarre,
and or there's a future play to be made
to get off of one of these defensemen.
It ain't going to be Samuelson.
It ain't going to be Darlene.
I'll leave it at that.
I just wanted to say, I think Middlestad, I think he's going to fit in great there.
And last year was a career year.
And then it's gotten better this year on a bad Buffalo team.
He's a plus player.
He can produce.
And what they needed was a guy who obviously skates better than Johansson,
who went to Philly, and I believe they waived him, correct?
And he's in the minors.
But they need a guy who can just produce better offensively as the second-line center.
Middlestat's proven he can.
If it's 55 to 65 points, boom, that's all we need.
Now, he's an RFA.
They've got to sign him.
But with Byron, buddy, they've got McCarr, they've got Taves,
they've got Gerrard, they've got Manson.
They're all locked up for the next few years.
So it just made total sense that Byron wasn't going to be there much longer.
If they didn't have McCarr, he wasn't going anywhere.
Put it that way.
And that Johansson trade, the Avalanche got Sean Walker back from Philly.
What should Avalanche fans expect from him, John Walker?
Shot blocker.
Shot blocker that skates well, that's kind of come out of nowhere the last two years, right?
Like nobody had even heard of him.
And then all of a sudden you're hearing this guy's going to get 4 million to 5 million per year when he resigns.
I'm guessing it won't be with Colorado just because of those names I just mentioned that are already signed long term.
But man, the Avs had a hell of a deadline and that's not even including Duhame from Minnesota who's a prick they like Colorado needed a little bit more anger a little bit more uh pissed off
type hockey and they got it they got it in Trennan and they got it in Duhame and they got
Manson on the back end but like looking at Vegas, you're not getting out of the West without playing mean hockey.
That's one worry about Edmonton, I think.
Is there enough snarl?
Is there enough fucking FU attitude within the Oilers to be able to get by some of these teams
and play off-type hockey?
The Avs went and got that.
So I don't necessarily think when you bring up Casey Middlestad, that's what you think
of, but they addressed it in other ways with
Duhame and
whatever, Trekoff.
I guess
Kadri is a high ceiling
to live up to. I'm really curious
how a 25-year-old right now
having a career year can step
into that position under that
type of pressure.
I mean, you fucking walk in the locker room
and you shake hands with McKinnon
and he's basically shaking your hand like,
don't fuck up my second cup, kid.
He said, I smell Twizzlers on your breath, you motherfucker.
Yeah.
Did you have peanut fucking MMs on the flight over?
None more of that shit, bud.
Here's a protein shake.
You're riding the bike for 20 minutes doing the zone two after the game.
Well, you know what, though?
Look at Colorado.
There's the doctor.
Get your blood work done.
We're going to see what we're changing your diet routine to.
Look at the abs.
They got a lot better.
I think they got a lot better.
And when you're looking at a team that's approaching a Western Conference
that's going to be the biggest grind we've ever seen to get out of,
all right, good job, guys.
And McKinnon, we had that MVP discussion a few weeks ago.
McKinnon has just taken off.
Buddy, this storyline of him trying to become only the second player
behind Wayne Gretzky to get a point every home game throughout an NHL season is getting cooler and cooler to watch.
Every home game now is must-watch.
Dude, Wayne Gretzky being the only guy to ever do that and McKinnon tracking right now.
I already looked at their schedule.
I think there's like nine or ten more games or maybe 11.
It's like, oh my God, I want to watch every Avs home game.
That is an unreal record.
And I think that that's something that he's probably thinking about.
He'd never admit it.
But buddy, once you've gone this far, you're like, I can match the great one here.
Who would you have as the MVP right now?
We talk about this every fucking-
McKinnon by a mile.
Okay.
I like to hear that.
I know it sounds crazy to say by a mile, but he's leading the league in scoring now.
And if he ends up getting that record too,
it's a no-brainer.
All right.
Fucking good to hear it away from your mouth.
Yeah, at least a point in all 32 home games.
Hey, your opinion might change in a week from now
when somehow McDavid went from 79 assists to 100 in a week.
Because if he gets 100 apples, man, that's fucking... I think
that he would only be the fourth player
in NHL history to do it
and it's Bobby Orr... 100 apples
is... He needs 21 more
and, I mean, buddy, the guy got six
in a game recently, so it's like...
So I think, R.A., the
stat is I think four players did it.
It was Bobby Orr, Wayne Gretzky,
who did it four times.
Lemieux must have.
Lemieux, and then he would be the fourth.
So there's another crazy stat.
So I know we joke about this fucking MVP race
and how insane and close it's been,
but it's now a three-headed race again
because I think that McDavid has entered the chat.
And I mean, I guess you can include a four-man race
because is Pablo still in it?
I mean, if he keeps fucking scoring goals,
I mean, if he putts 65 goals,
yeah, he's definitely going to be in the contention.
No, he'd have to get 70.
He'd have to get 70 to be in the final three.
He's running right now.
And I'm going to lose ball bag liquor.
All right, we just mentioned the Flyers.
They picked up Eric Johnson from Buffalo
for a fourth-round pick in 24.
We just mentioned they parted with one of their veteran defensemen.
They all extended 30-year-old defenseman Nick Seeler for a 10.8 million dollar deal.
But the big news from the Flyers this weekend, John Tortorella.
Unbelievable fucking scene.
He got tossed from the Tampa Bay game, which is funny because they actually had a reunion
from the 2004 Bay game, which is funny because they actually had a reunion from the 2004
Stanley Cup team. So he was getting yelled
at and he was like, I call it
the Wolf of Broad Street. He wouldn't leave.
He's like, I'm not leaving. I'm not fucking leaving. It was like a minute
long. And finally he left. He ended up getting
a two-game suspension, 50,000
fine, which by the way, the CEO of
Comcast said he's going to pay it personally.
Have you ever seen this, but a coach
is refusing to leave like that and actually being
kicked out like that? You had a good tweet
with you had a good tweet about it for the
45 K.
Well, yeah, I just tweeted the
clip of Truba two-handing
Trent Frederick in the side of the head
and receiving a 5,000
fine to have towards saying I'm not
leaving the bench and get a two game sussy
with a 50,000 fine. Now the coaches have no max on their fines the players have the five thousand
dollar max so it's like i don't know maybe the coaches kind of address that but in any sense
the fact that this happened on reunion night of the 2004 stanley cup champion tampa bay lightning
with philly and Torts in town,
the clip of Andrew Chuck,
I think it was Andrew Chuck and a bunch of the other,
I think I saw Mo Dean with a glass of red wine.
They're dying laughing.
They're like, this is unbelievable,
the fact that this is happening and we're in the building.
We saw this firsthand for years.
We won a Stanley Cup with this lunatic and he ain't leaving.
And here's the thing i guess
the league has to make sure that they set a precedent like we can't have this going forward
two games he got two games for that that's shocking to me i i guess if you want to give
the fifty thousand dollar fine okay or i i just can't believe he gets suspended i think they gave
him i think they wanted to give him a couple days to heal up
because the funniest part of that clip is he's pointing at the referee
and he's got this cast on his hand.
Like, what the fuck happened to his hand?
I don't know.
He was on the bench in a sling like a week before that.
Who knows what he did?
But, buddy, I love Wes McCauley.
Definitely one of the cooler refs in the league.
A funny guy. Always talked to you on the of the cooler refs in the league. A funny guy.
Always talked to you on the ice.
But something happened in that game where he wouldn't even go over and talk to him.
And I talked to a head coach in the NHL who said to me,
Yeah, the refs are different, man.
Now, they won't come over and talk to you.
You don't really get a warning.
It seems like they've become a little bit more hardo hardo ish really in terms
of how they're approaching talking and dealing with coaches is that a direct um order from the
league i don't know but wes mccauley he's like get over here i want to talk to him and then the
other refs like ah no and then the linesmen are standing there and i actually was wondering
watching like if this guy doesn't leave, what do they do?
You can't drop the puck until he leaves.
It was a Mexican standoff.
He wasn't going anywhere.
Meanwhile, the cup champ team who had him, they're crushing Pink Whitney and Red Wine, laughing their balls off.
This was a full-blown Saturday Night Live skit.
But it was actually funny.
So I don't really understand the suspension.
I mean, they're fighting for their playoff lives here,
and they don't have torts for two games.
But, buddy, I just can't believe that I've never seen a coach do that.
To be fair, though, being a ref and a linesman
and the way that these guys have to schlep around,
sometimes these fucking coaches can be going,
like, what the fuck are you fucking calling you fucking idiot?
They go hard at these guys.
They just taken all this physical abuse or not physical abuse,
mental abuse.
Um,
do you think that the, the relationship can be mended?
Should we hear from the official side of things?
That was Elliot's tweet.
That was Elliot's tweet.
And he,
he said,
he said,
this is when I think that,
that ref should,
I don't know if he said be
able to or have to talk to reporters and kind of explain like what went on what happened what went
into your decision don't you think that so no refs in any professional league talk to the media
no you totally that and you could see what so i know in the nba and sometimes the nfl they they'll
talk to like a pool reporter.
They will give statements to like one particular reporter.
Okay, interesting.
That does happen. Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah.
Okay, so I'm sorry.
I stand corrected.
Should we just get the refs on postgame?
We'll do it on game notes live on Fridays.
Imagine the refs sitting at the podium after a game.
What were you thinking there?
That wasn't a fucking trip, you idiot.
Imagine the refs sitting at the podium after a game.
The fuck were you thinking there?
That wasn't a fucking trip, you idiot.
If we're talking about entertainment quality,
that would be must-watch TV.
If we got to see some of these refs sitting at the podium explaining their calls.
Now, I don't know.
I actually would be curious, talking to refs,
if they would want to do that.
Some of them would say, yeah, buddy, I want to get out there.
I bet you Carrie Frazier would have loved to. What if you offered them more money? I feel like if Some of them would say, yeah, buddy, I want to get out there. I want to see what happens. I bet you Carrie Frazier would have loved to after
the heist. What if you offered them more money? I feel like
if you offered them more money, because then
there's sponsorship. Then it's
like, I'm going to make a call to get me a little
more money to get me on that podium.
Yeah, this horse shit call is brought to you by
Tony's
turd remover.
We can unclog your toilets in no
time. We used to unclog Ryan
Whitney's toilets.
I think the reason he
got suspended, though, is because there were already two
huge fines earlier this season with
Sheldon Keefe and Paul Maurice.
The NHL has had a few
statements. They've sent memorandums out
to leagues. I'm sorry, to teams, telling
the coaches, just cut the shit. They don't want to see
their referees basically getting chumped on TV like that. I think that this was more about sending a statement out sorry the teams telling the coaches just cut the shit they don't want to see their referees like basically getting chumped on tv like that so that I think that this was more
about sending a statement out to the rest of the coaches around the league more more so than
than just picking on Tortorella I mean obviously he's the perfect guy to fucking set an example
with so and as as he was yelling get him over here I want to talk to him like Wes McCauley's
probably thinking like what do you think I'm going to go over there and then he's just going
to be talking to me calmly like it would have just exploded even more so I guess I understand
why he's not going over there and addressing it like face to face but an all-time clip from a
coach who's had a handful of all-time clips I talked about the the possibility of a reality
show of locking all the GMs in a house, like Big Brother style, before the deadline, a week before, so they're away from their families,
and they have only communication with their round table,
but they can't tell them anything that's going on
in the house other than the conversations
they're having with other GMs.
So you put them on a mansion with an acreage,
so Ken Holland can grab whoever,
like Iserman, and go for a little
stroll hey you know we're thinking of grabbing this guy all right let me talk to my team so you
go back to the phone where there's like a like a webcam or whatever so we can hear and see everything
that's going on as a viewer do you like the idea i love the idea the chance of it happening zero
now the biggest thing in reality tv biz i think there's a lawsuit from a former Real Housewife right now
is the amount of booze that they're putting in these reality TV stars.
Because to get the drama.
Well, that was my other idea is to stock a full of booze and food.
You have to have the booze.
You got to.
You got to mix it up.
Yeah.
Well, my buddy's sister was on Jerry Springer like many moons ago.
Shocker.
They had a shitload of booze fucking backstage.
Here we go.
What were they on there talking about?
Her and another girl were beefing over some guy.
And my friend's sister or the other girl had an ultrasound picture of a pregnancy.
And my fucking buddy's sister ripped it up right in her face.
The other girl got up and started fucking
wailing on her. But they get them all
licking up backstage just so they'll act like fucking
donkeys on Jerry Springer. I don't know
if I'm surprised or not at the
fact that there's a story with you associated
to friends of yours going on Jerry Springer.
Buddy, you're not surprised about
that? Like the
sun's coming up tomorrow.
It's going to get dark tonight. R dark today ra knows people drinking on jerry
springer about paternity oh and then that all goes together in one a funny addition i was actually
in a wedding later and she was like you know when you're potted up at a wedding with bridesmaids and
fucking groomsmen well she was my partner for the wedding, and we were walking down the thing in the aisle.
I was like, is Dottie Ann going to jump out of nowhere
and beat me up?
Because that was the name of the fucking white trash girl
who beat her up, Dottie Ann on fucking Jerry Springer.
Oh, my Dottie Ann.
So that's not funny.
I was like, yeah, it kind of is.
You got beat up on Jerry Springer, so.
Oh, Dottie Ann.
It's like you made up the name, too.
Dottie Ann, yeah.
D-O-T-T.
Holy shit, yeah.
Jerry Springer.
We're all over the fucking road right now.
Like a NASCAR driver.
Two first names.
Boys, only one.
Oh, good.
Oh, no.
I think.
Oh.
Oh.
So my other idea is maybe as a healing and repairing therapy, at the end of the season,
we get the coaches and the referees on like an ayahuasca retreat so they can hash out all their bad
blood to mend this
volatile relationship
that's happening between head coaches and referees
right now. Just an idea for another
reality show if you guys want to.
And we'll obviously throw booze in with the ayahuasca.
All right.
Only one team has been officially
eliminated so far. Chicago
Blackhawks. No surprise.
That's how the front office built the team.
But we had a really cool moment Sunday.
Our buddy Colin Blackwell, he's been in the league for a while.
He's bounced around a few different teams.
His 226th game, he got his first NHL hat trick.
Just a great scene.
He got it with the empty net.
Whit, did you happen to see the highlights?
Man, that smile on his face when he got that third one was just awesome to see.
Obviously, we know him.
You know, we have pals with him.
But just a fucking great scene.
The guy who's been humping,
he's bouncing around a little bit.
Just a fucking...
I thought it was one of the highlights
of the weekend, personally.
Getting to see players who've been through a lot
have these very memorable experiences in the NHL
is the most heartwarming thing.
And if you want to go back
and listen to our interview with him a few years ago,
that's a story that,
that not a lot of people probably could have gotten through to the other
side and ended up staying in the NHL and now getting a hat trick.
And it's just a really cool story.
I was happy for him,
but our gut to the second one was so gross,
little heel,
toe,
toe drag snipe.
So I was very,
very excited for Colin Blackwell.
And I mean,
you had trick in the NHL, but you could talk about that till you're 90 years old. So it was very, very excited for Colin Blackwell. And I mean, Hattrick and the NHL, buddy, you could talk about that till you're 90 years old.
So it was awesome. Um, we had him on the broadcast. Um, I think
it was against Philly and they, and he had this unbelievable tro drag
goal where he went around Drysdale when he slid. So he's having a great
second half and you know, guys like that, man, when you start, hopefully he ends up
getting paid this summer unless he's, is he still with the blackhawks next year uh this is the last year of his current
deal so yeah i mean he's playing well enough he should stick around if not chicago somewhere else
and yeah he's got he's got a little one on the way too so our best wishes to blackie and his wife
lauren they got a fresh child coming in i asked for corner but died uh he still leads rookies
in goals and points uh he's got nine more points in 14 fewer games than the second place, Brock Faber.
And he also leads the Hawks in goals, assists, and points.
He has 10 more points than the second place guy in seven fewer games.
So this kid, I can't wait for the next few years.
I saw he was only, he's the first rookie since line A in 2015 to have 10 or more multi-point games as an 18-year-old or 19-year-old or whatever.
Maybe it was rookie year.
No, it wasn't rookie year because I think Kaprizov would have done that.
But it's been as advertised.
Dark days in Chicago.
But in terms of the opposite of the Penguins, we got the Blackhawks.
And it might take another year or two, but they're on the way up.
And I think within, I don't think within three or four seasons max,
we're going to be talking about a team that's really competing
and in the playoffs hunting down that cup.
Your boys
added a pair of veteran forwards.
Adam Henrik and
Sam Carrick also added Troy
Stetcher in the back line. How much more confident
are you in the Oilers now with?
A little more after the pickups?
Or what?
Can't talk.
Definitely a little more.
Henrik's a guy who,
part of this,
five on five,
he's an awesome player.
It's exactly,
just,
they needed that.
They needed that up front.
Carrick is like depth
and he's tough.
I mean,
he went out in Columbus
the first game
right after getting there.
They're down 2-0.
He fights Olivier.
Olivier is a killer,
by the way, I knew nothing about him. he's he's uh he's tough as nails carrick goes him they end up losing that game they're probably one of their worst games of the season
definitely since they've become the best team in the league um since the coaching change but
then they lose to buffalo the buffalo loss losing a game twice is one of the worst feelings I've ever had as a fan.
I mean, you lose the game with two seconds left.
Guys are undressed in the shower.
Hold on.
Come on back.
And then they lose in a shootout.
They then went to pound the Penguins.
So they got five out of eight points on the road.
But more than anything, they did what had to be done at the deadline.
I think a lot of Oilers fans thought that they could have done a little bit more but after having elliot on last week he made it pretty
clear that i don't think holland wanted to subtract from the roster with how close the group is and
they were able to make two three additions including stetra without losing anyone okay so
if cc's really struggling maybe stetra goes in, maybe he's in for him.
Anyways, as the playoff begins, I don't know how the roster is going to play out,
but I love those moves. Henrik being the most important one. It's a guy who's done it in the playoffs. You remember his OT winner to go to the cup finals when he was on the devils, when they
beat the Rangers there. And I think that he's going to make an enormous difference. Like they
haven't right away, but buddy, like give them a little time. Fans are on me already.
I haven't done shit.
Like it's been three games,
dude.
You're learning a new system.
You're learning a new,
a bunch of new teammates.
You have a new coach behind the,
it's just,
there's so much that happens and there's so much mentally that I think fans don't necessarily think about with a trade.
I mean,
your life gets uprooted.
That's why in the end,
just give them a little time.
That's why I think some of these teams even hold them out a little bit so they
can get acclimated before these people are like,
it's been two games.
He hasn't scored the fuck.
We gave all the stuff.
It's like,
shut the fuck up.
Give him a week and a half to get adjusted to his whole new life.
Yeah.
So,
uh,
wit,
I,
I,
at first was maybe a little surprised.
They didn't go add like a,
like a Jake Allen,
given the fact that it seemed like it was, I mean,
they got him for a third rounder,
and they were even willing to retain half his salary.
But that Pickard looks like he's playing pretty good.
He had the shutout, and it seems like both guys really like each other.
Like you see Skinner stand up when he made the big save late in that Pittsburgh game,
like banging his blocker to keep his shutout.
So sometimes you don't really want to disrupt that goaltending chemistry.
So I was actually, I think if they could have done anything, the second pair defenseman
would have been like a top 4D man would have been the perfect add.
There just wasn't much out there.
I hear you.
I hear you.
But if you're an Edmonton fan and you're looking out and you're going to see what Colorado did
and you look out and see what Vegas did, that would just be my only critique on,
ugh, this is going to be a tough climb to the Western Conference Finals here
and a few heavy teams to jump by.
But ultimately, I thought they did a decent job with what they had.
They should have fucking had Dreisaitl fucking go on a two or a six-week vacation and took his money and went out and got somebody else.
Just fake a spleen injury?
Yeah.
Joking, joking, joking.
But yeah, I look at Vancouver as kind of the least of my worries when you're then,
and I'm talking the West with Dallas, Colorado, and Vegas.
Like I would rather play Vancouver than any of those three teams.
Now, granted, in the first round, it pretty much seems that they're locked into that second
spot in the Pacific.
So they'll either have Vegas or LA, but I can see Oilers fans wishing a little more
had been done.
Obviously, the arms race in the West and seeing how these teams improve,
it makes it a little harder, but you're a better team.
You're a better team than you were.
So in the end, let's see who we get in the first round,
and from there, it's going to be a war.
Another contender added some offensive punch, Florida.
They picked up Vladimir Tarasenko, and it was immediate dividends he paid off.
Two goals, one assist his first game.
They also grabbed Kyle Oposto from Buffalo.
Biz, are there any weaknesses on this Florida team?
Are they the team to beat in the East?
So, great sneaky pickup.
I don't think anybody saw that one coming.
I didn't think that they needed to add.
You talk about not wanting to disrupt the chemistry but right away I
don't know if it was Anson Liam or or
even Craig Berube chief we had chief on
the panel and he goes look at that smart
move by Paul Maurice he probably had
that core group in and he said hey I'm
gonna put Tarasenko on the first two
lines boy their first couple lines have
been rolling better than any top two lines, boy, their first couple lines have been rolling better
than any top two lines in the league.
We're going to put him in that slot, get his confidence going, and by the time playoff
rolls around, nobody fucking cares where they're playing in the top three lines.
He ain't going to be playing fourth line, right?
He's going to be getting his ice time and his confidence is going to be there and he's
going to feel like he's been bought into this team already. So he had an immediate impact, and like I talked about Kuznetsov,
is these guys just need a little bit of motivation, man,
and then you've awoken the dragon, so to speak.
So great pickup, and I think another thing that happened
since we last talked was a very emotional Bill Zito
about how he signed those two guys,
the biggest one being Forsling,
to an eight-year contract extension at a crazy AAV.
This was a guy that was put on waivers
by Stan Bowman in Chicago,
and they pick him up.
And I think Zito credited his scouting staff.
They were banging the scouting table saying,
pick this fucking guy up, he can play.
And they did, and that's probably one of the best
bargoon deals as far as production and how good
and sneaky good Forsling is on the back end.
And it almost makes you wonder, are they parting ways
with either Montour or Ekblad?
But hey, that's for us
to just talk about either way they are
fucking locked and loaded they're easily
the best team in the East they're now
not the toughest but they're a tough
fucking team and they're gonna be a
tough a tough exit who's tougher oh who
the fuck you think the team that fucking
dragged all the Bruins the other night
heavyweight champ of the East Ryan Who the fuck you think? The team that fucking dragged all the Bruins the other night.
Heavyweight champ of the East, Ryan Reeves.
Tyler Bertuzzo, Mr. Uppercut himself.
Max Domi, the bull in the china shop.
Joel Edmondson, lanky arms.
He'll chuck him.
McCabe, he'll chuck him.
Giordano, you want to talk old man strength?
What else do you want?
You want more names? All right. So based on fighting.
Labuskin, the big Russian bear.
Toughest fucking team in the East, bitch.
Based on fighting, which happens a ton in the playoffs, the Leafs are the toughest.
But you think they play a harder, meaner, tougher game of hockey than the Florida Panthers, buddy?
Are you on crack?
Are you going with Jerry Springer next week?
Jerry. Jerry.
I know you're trolling now.
We need business final thought.
Listen, listen.
Buddy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I just named the names,
give them a few weeks to get acclimated,
and I think that they have the toughest roster
in the East.
Yes, I love the way that the fucking Florida Panthers play.
They scrum it up every fucking whistle.
But to a man, I like the Toronto fucking Maple Leafs.
I don't even...
Bruins will destroy them in a first round.
Absolutely destroy them, Biz.
Hey, listen.
They might outscore the Leafs.
They might.
They got a great fucking team and they got some clutch players. But they ain'tscore the Leafs. They might. They got a great fucking team, and they got some clutch players,
but they ain't going to beat them up.
I know I tweet out Leafs in five because I'm a trolling Bruins fan.
I think it's going the distance,
but somebody is going to be leaving that series battered and bruised,
and it ain't going to be the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Piz, the Leafs playing.
So they either have the Panthers or the Bruins in the first round.
They're both disaster matchups for your boys.
It's just how it goes.
Yes.
Have the Bruins and the Leafs played these awesome seven game series?
Of course they have.
Well, Florida drummed them last year.
Drummed them and they do it again.
And maybe it would go seven with the Bruins, but like, buddy, they drummed them last year. Drummed them, and they'd do it again. And maybe it would go seven
with the Bruins, but, like, buddy, they aren't
beating that team. Like, I know you're excited
about the fights and the scrums
that they had against the Bees. They got
worked 4-1 twice
within, like, four days of each other.
I don't care about regular season. I don't care
about regular season.
But you don't do anything in the playoffs
either.
Well, we did win round one last year hey what i'm saying hey i'll say this wit i'll say this it's going to be a heck of a
fucking series and if i'm the toronto maple leafs in that locker room i'm not afraid of either of
those teams and that's not something they could have ever said in the past so if you're a least
fan you're saying you know what we made the absolute best with what we have we have these you know five six ferraris in
the lineup and we got a bunch of fucking toughness figure it out boys and i think they're going to
who's the who's the fourth fifth and sixth ferrari well i would consider matthews marner
and neilander i'll give you fer you Ferrari then I think we're looking at
well I'm saying like from a pay perspective
like a JT, Nylander, Marner, Matthews
and JT's been playing incredible in the back half of the season here
I would also put Morgan Riley in that category
because he's not the guy that I want dropping him
we need him on the ice
very true
now here's the thing.
You got your five, six Ferraris up front.
Who's passing them the puck on the tape with speed through the neutral zone besides Morgan Riley?
So I said this on the panel, and I said this in a couple.
By the way, shout out to Sportsnet for having me at the trade deadline.
It was a blast.
Love working with all those people.
They are going to have to make some
adjustments. They can't snap
the puck up. You know how you were
talking about earlier in the year when Bob Stauffer
sent you that message about how they were
too predictable with coming up the wall and they
weren't really taking a lot of chance up the middle
and they have some D that can make those plays?
I agree with you.
The Leafs don't have a lot of
D men who can make those types of plays
So they're going to have to
Fucking win the battles on the walls
You're going to have to advance the puck
Zone to zone
If you're on the far side, if you're on the weak side of the ice
Slash gate
Push them down
You don't got to be fucking doopsie days
All game long
If you're a centerman you got've got to come low and slow.
Well, guess
what? You've got fucking 15
games to make some adjustments
and figure out your personnel
and get acclimated, which is my favorite
word of the podcast right now,
and figure it out.
To a man, I like
the Toronto Maple Leafs going against the
Boston Bruins.
Biz, if they Toronto Maple Leafs going against the Boston Bruins. Biz, if the Leafs beat the Bruins, I will get the Willie Styles cornrows for the rest of the playoffs.
Okay.
Well, that's not really a bad bet.
You're going to fucking look cool with those in.
It has to be something you don't want to do.
Maybe wear a tank top.
That might be a worse bet for you.
I'd rather corn roast.
Yeah, exactly.
I do agree with you.
I tend to check out the regular season as well
because the Bruins did beat them all four games,
outscored them 15 to 7.
Of course, they beat them in 2013, 2018, 2019,
seven games each.
But I thought this quote from Matthew Dyes was interesting.
He said, I'm hoping we get another crack at those guys,
and I think it's going to make for a good series.
I didn't even say Matthew Nye's.
I didn't say his name either up front.
No, to wit, to wit, because wit was like, who are your Ferraris?
And then I fucking bent him.
No, I'm saying he's considered one in a sense of he
My God, what planet is Matthew Dye's considered a Ferrari?
I'm saying from a... You don't want
him involved fighting and scrumming it
up every game. You need him to produce
and get on the forecheck and make plays.
Like, Max Domi,
let's fucking see him chuck him. He can actually
make plays too, obviously, playing on that second
line. But he ain't afraid.
He ain't afraid.
That Dewar was the other guy they picked up from
Minnesota, correct? Yeah. He could chuck them too. They got some guys, buddy. Yarn Croak's been
fucking awesome since he's been back. They got some players, man. Don't look past the Leafs.
And now all that said, all that said, you talk about teams kind of manipulating things here and there
in order to make their chances to win a Stanley Cup better.
The gap's too far. It ain't going to happen.
I wouldn't mind seeing them dropping into a wild card, a first wild card situation,
and end up playing the Rangers.
I like that matchup above the other two as far as you talked about Boston, Florida, whatever.
I would rather play the Rangers than Boston.
You'll get the agreement with that.
I think Carolina is going to overtake the Rangers.
You think they're going to?
Carolina is going to win the Metro.
Staying in Boston, a wild story.
Sorry, Ari.
Go ahead, buddy.
No, no.
Go with it.
No, actually, I'm glad you segued that, Whit.
And, you know, actually, I'm glad you segued that, Whit.
And the fact that the Bruins and Don Sweeney are making moves to react to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Like how?
What moves?
They didn't even do anything.
They went out and got Patty Maroon to try to be as tough
as the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And another thing, you want to talk about lack of loyalty?
The fact that Allmark now knows that they were ready to move on from him?
Yeah, he really struggled in his first game back against the Penguins
where he decided to just dominate them minus a LeTang shot from the point,
a seeing eye slap shot that found the back of the net in the third.
It's crazy, though.
They had a deal for
Allmark. I guess everyone's saying it was to the
LA Kings, and he nixed it.
Now, apparently, R.A. was a 16
team no trade he had.
Yeah. So do we know if
LA was on that or if he just said
no, no matter? Well, no. He had
a modified no trade clause, which is a
16 team no trade list. You give the
team, I don't want to go to these 16 teams.
And you got to be kind of like, you know, we don't fucking,
what's the word creative about it.
Cause you got to realize you don't want to put teams that, you know,
you're not going to get traded to.
And he put LA on there.
I know geography had a pot.
He didn't want to go fucking get traded all the way across the country.
And he basically had LA on there and fucking nix the trade.
And as far as PLD, I know Pierre-Luc Dubois,
I suppose he was getting shot there on.
I don't know that he was coming back here to Boston for that deal
because he makes 8.5 million, Olmoc makes 5 million.
I don't think the Bruins are going to take on another 3.5 million
for a guy who they might get half fucking half games
that he's going to play for.
So I don't think that was who they were going to get back in return.
But either way, fucking Olmach, he nixed the trade.
He had his right, modified no trade clause,
and he must have had LA on that fucking list.
Didn't want to go there.
So, I mean, so that's why.
Can't wait for this goalie controversy.
Who's going to play game one?
Who's going to play?
I actually am changing my opinion on last year.
More like who's going to get their ass beat.
I think they should just literally
do game to game like they
do in the regular season. Last year I said,
no way, you got to pick a guy. They might as
well just go game one Swayman, game two
Allmark, game three Swayman, game four Allmark
because you didn't trade them. Now
Bruins fans will be stuck. They're going to fucking have to
because they're going to have a sunburn on the back of that with
Matthews going bar down on both of them.
Shut the fuck up, dude.
Oh, my God.
This is just, it's trolling, G.
Just let him troll.
Let him troll in his Atlanta hotel and let him just enjoy his role.
Are you the Bruins representative, G, for the podcast?
R.A. doesn't really, he keeps it pretty neutral.
I'll be the B's representative.
I'll fucking go head to head with you.
I'll go to war with you for this one, Biz i don't think there's a chance maybe we could uh maybe we could
get you getting a maple leaf tattoo in your ass and you and pasha could book a two-for-one special
done done oh yeah you add cornelli on your arm you'll get a leafs tattoo on your ass
if if the leaves beat the bruins i'll get a leafs tattoo but biz what are you doing
you have to get cornelly somewhere on you.
I'll let you shave my ass.
Biz.
Let me think about it.
Hey, we got some time to think.
We got some fans that could send in some tweets as to what this little friendly wager should be.
I feel like we've been going a little bit aggressive with the tattoo stuff.
And I did put my ass on the line for the Devils not winning the East because the future was bright
and I did almost get bent over on that one
but ultimately like always I always end up being
right so we'll think of something in the
next couple weeks maybe
tattoos anything maybe we can
get a little three-way going already if you're willing
to put your maybe you can get
one of those luscious beautiful boobs
pierced
talking about tattoo yeah my last tattoo was those beautiful luscious, beautiful boobs pierced. Oh, I thought you were talking about a tattoo.
Yeah, my last tattoo was 31 years ago, man. Those beautiful, luscious breasts.
And if you want to see those breasts
and him crawling around,
shout out to all the boys on the production crew
for getting that video out
on the Spit and Chicklets YouTube channel
of our alt-cast with TNT.
So that was edited.
And actually, a week before that, before that RA, we had yours of the
late game and, uh, our, our whole trip to the outdoor stadium series. So check those out. The,
the most recent ones with the alt cast. So go see the behind the scenes at, at TNT and what that
crew set up for us in order for us to execute that and how much fun we had shooting that promo
the day before where RA was being absolutely ridiculous.
So, R.A., the year of the hog continues, my friend.
We're back on.
How did we get there?
Where were we?
I was going to address quickly the Bruins deadline.
Fans were disgusted, and I love bringing in Maroon.
It's one of those things where the guy, dude, three-time cup champ,
like locker room guy everyone
loves him funny quote he's like i feel like i'm hated here but he's very excited to be a bruin
now people really wonder the move for columbus defenseman um what is it all right uh peak yeah
andrew peak yep okay so andrew peak who hasn't even played for the blue jackets and makes like
two and a half million with i I think, two more years remaining.
I think it's one of those.
What is going on?
Also, did the Bruins send a third rounder for him?
They sent Jacob Zorbel and a third rounder.
I think Don had PTSD from that game the other night and he just like he went off the rails.
The game where they won?
Yeah.
Well, Bruins fans, at least you know Sweeney was out there trying to do something with Allmark.
So it's a little different if they just got Maroon and Peek and it was like, what the hell?
He had another deal in the holster that couldn't happen.
Rangers fans also.
They're another fan base.
What the hell?
Now, Roslevic, I think that's great.
I think Wenberg can make an impact, but they were looking for a score.
And they were all in, apparently.
They were all over Gensel.
They were all in on these other deals.
But both those teams probably leave the deadline day.
Both those teams' fan base kind of wishing for more.
Say that.
Gensel probably went, I smell Fugazis.
I ain't going over there.
But the thing is, did the Rangers really have to?
I smell a first-round exit.
No thanks.
Did the Rangers have to make any moves?
I mean, they were at or near the top of the standings all season so far.
I mean, Sterkens got his swag back.
I think this could be a first-round exit where it's like, oh, that didn't do anything.
Or it could end up being the sneakiest moves at the deadline.
Like, Wenberg was solid last year in Seattle.
Like, he was one of those guys where they had four second lines, right?
Like, everybody was productive when being put in the right situation.
Rostovic, who ended up coming, he went from Winnipeg to Columbus.
Not really sure what happened in Columbus.
Also didn't really hear his name a lot.
Like, where do you see him slotted in?
You seem to have been high on him when he got picked up by Columbus.
He started off hot.
Started off real hot.
And then it kind of, I mean, hometown boy.
I think it was still a cool story that he got to go back
and be a part of that team after growing up there. But, yeah, those guys, they're going to play on the bottom six, I think it was still a cool story that he got to go back and be a part of that team after growing up there.
Those guys, they're going to play on the bottom
six, I think, and they can both
skate, so it's going to help them.
The biggest thing with the Rangers
is Zabaniad and
his lack of scoring five on
five. If he right
now was having one of those seasons where you're like,
holy shit, this guy is a game
breaker every time he's on the ice. It's
a little different story, but fans are like, we got
to get him going. I think he's got the
graph skates on. He needs a winger
to play with. Yeah, he's got the
man that we shall not name.
The guy's got the slow boots right now.
Still, yes, RA, I guess
you're right. They've been near the top
of the league all season. Shusterkin is
kicking, but I was just
saying with Bruins fans and Rangers fans,
they were both expecting and hoping
for a little bit more.
Guys, sticking on the New York
Rangers, we recorded
earlier today. I just had to hop back on. Right
now, it's 9-15. I believe
the second period just ended, and
the Rampire State Building is
getting suspended.
I mean, one of the dirtier hits we've seen this season.
I defended him in a sense when he railroaded Bastion in New Jersey last time they played.
Well, what happened?
I think Biz mentioned when we were talking about it on the pod that Tom Fitzgerald at the first intermission was probably calling Colorado and saying, I want McDermott on my team.
We're getting dummied around by this enormous mutant, Rempe,
and we need some help.
So McDermott's on the team now.
They make that deal.
And what happens?
The game begins, and McDermott hops over the boards,
and he's calling him out.
Rempe didn't want that smoke.
He didn't want it.
And that's one of those things where we talked about Laviolette talking with him and maybe telling him,
you don't have to fight all the time. Maybe before this game, it's one of those, hey, leave
him alone. We'd rather have him out there. Don't fight him. If something ends up happening,
maybe it ends up happening, right? But when he comes and challenges you, which he will,
which he obviously did, leave him alone. Let him sleep. Well, something happened, all right,
and then they didn't fight because Red Bay just got the boot.
He flies across the ice.
And I don't know what he's thinking, but the old chicken wing right to the chinsky of Siegenthaler.
I can't believe he wasn't knocked out cold.
And I would say four games.
I don't know if you think that's fair, G.
That's a lot.
But he's already been teetering.
He's already been teetering he's
already been teetering on the edge and now yeah but he has no but he has no history though like
i mean he has been teetering but he has no reported league history where there's been an
instance where if this was like a legal matter they could be like hey you have a an instance
writ like written down here basically you know what i? So I think two games, but yeah.
Two to three-ish.
Two to three.
Wouldn't be shocked if it was four or five, though.
So he had the bastion play, kicked out of that game.
I said I thought that was just maybe a boarding call,
but whatever.
He's kicked out of that game, got him in the head.
He then left his feet, even though he's 6'7",
and crushed Labushkin into the head. He then left his feet, even though he's six foot seven, and crushed Labushkin
into the boards. There was also another one that's escaping my memory right now. And then this
happens. This has been the most blatant, easily the worst one. The suspension's going to be coming.
McDermott was then chasing him around after it happened, but the ref grabbed him, so they weren't
able to fight. Now, I don't know if I can say i was a big fan of rempy kind of taunting him and waving goodbye it's like usually you wave goodbye
to the guy getting kicked out you don't wave goodbye when you're the one getting kicked out
but i think the emotion the emotion of being an msg and this kid is just in love with being in
the nhl right now he's just probably not approaching it the right way with that hit not probably's just probably not approaching it the right way with that hit.
Not probably.
He's definitely not approaching it the right way with that hit.
That hit, there's no place in the league for that hit.
No place at all.
You can't stick your elbow out and catch a guy right in the chin
and expect to not get suspended or stay in a game
and not have some retribution coming your way.
Now, this goes back into the old school NHL.
Some people hate it.
Some people love it.
If this is the 80s, this is probably where Panarin is panicking because I think back in the day,
Rangers Devils in 1989, we're probably seeing McDermott then go and try to murder Panarin.
That is the old eye for an eye, old school way of payback. I don't think anything will happen like that.
But in the end, that is a suspension.
That is a dirty hit.
And there's no place in the game for that hit.
So I guess all the Rempe haters going into it,
it's kind of worth saying it's a matter of time
before he does something like that.
It's a matter of time before he gets suspended.
Well, the time has come.
He's suspended now.
So I hate the hit.
I hope Siegenthaler is okay. I'm not exactly sure if he stayed in the
game. I don't know if you guys know, but
nonetheless, guys,
can't be doing that. What's the fallout
from this wit? Does Laviolette
now sit him down again and say, hey,
you really got to take a step
back here, or do you just keep letting him
play his game?
You don't want to restrict No, that's one where the
coach is like, listen,
we're up 2-0.
We have all the momentum in the game.
I love you playing physical.
I'm sure he told him I love the Labushkin
hit. That's fine.
Even though he left his feet, buddy,
we'll kill those penalties.
He didn't even get one
against Labushkin, did he?
No, no penalty.
Okay, so he loved it.
And Lavi, I love that hit.
And Lavi, let's tell him, listen, four checking wise, great.
Get in there, hammer guys.
But you got to sit him down there and be like, dude, all of a sudden it's 2-0.
And then we got to kill a five-minute major.
We cannot be having that. Because this guy is not nearly good enough to be staying in the lineup if he's going to be taking penalties like this and suspensions.
So I think he can be a difference maker.
And he's proven that obviously guys have their head or should have their head on a swivel when he's out on the ice.
But, man, if you're going to put your team down five minutes and you're going to take charging penalties or roughing penalties or boarding penalties, the coach isn't going to play you. It's going to be that simple.
So LaViolette's going to probably tell him we can't be having that. I don't know if Kreider or
Keandre Miller. I mean, Trouba's the captain. Take him aside. Like, well, we love your energy.
We love how physical you can be. I don't know if Trouba's the guy to have that conversation.
Trouba's like, good job, man. Good job. Do it again.
You didn't knock out any teeth, though.
But, you know, wanted to hop back on quick and kind of address what I hope will end up being the dirtiest hit of the night.
Because we don't want to see those hits.
And Rempe's going to have to figure out a way to play on that edge without falling over to the dark side.
So the Rempire State building, boys, the power's
out tonight. The power's out.
And across
the river, I'm not sure if it's too late for the Devils.
I think it may be, but they added a pair of goalies.
They got Jake Allen from Montreal
for a conditional third in 2025.
And they also traded
Vitek Vanacek to San Jose for
Kapo Kakadon. I don't know, man. This feels
like going to the drugstore after you already fucking knocked your wife
up with fucking twins, man.
Alright, definitely weird timing.
I said this last pod.
Chalk it up to just a
shit year for the Devils. Nothing went right.
They couldn't get the saves, and
you figure out your coaching situation this offseason,
but like, Fitzies put them in a good
situation where they're on the up and up.
Now you have a guy and also to, to any general manager's defense who has young goaltenders
is you're trying to use as much of the season to evaluate which one you actually want to keep
because you don't want to end up being the team that says, oh, this guy's rubbish. You get rid
of them. And the next thing you know, he's on a different organization kicking and you're like, oh fuck,
there's the next Mika Kiprasov, right?
You don't want to, so you want to try to get, if
nothing was going right anyway, why wouldn't you
try to gain as much information about who you
want to keep and then eventually move on from
one of them.
And then also they go out and get a guy in Jake
Allen, who he's known to be a really good
teammate and locker room guy, where he's good at helping the young guys understanding, maybe even
some stuff from a system standpoint, and also helping nurture a young goalie. He just did it
with Montembeau and Primo where he's not the guy who's saying, I'm here to take your job, get the
fuck out of my net. He's here to say, I'm fucking grateful the fact that I'm fucking getting to play
40 NHL games a year.
I make over 3 million playing in a fucking Canadian market
and getting to help develop these.
He's already got his Stanley Cup with the St. Louis Blues.
He's loving life.
So getting a guy like that for New Jersey to help with the young guy is key.
And then who knows? If you address it this summer where maybe in the off season you can go out and get Markstrom because there is stuff that has been tied there.
Well, all of a sudden you're going to next year where you have a fucking unreal starter in an unreal backup.
So now you've completely addressed your goaltending situation and you still have these young players that are ready to take that
next step you're gonna see a luke hughes next year who could handle 82 games who's not worn out
you're gonna see a better nemek or nemek nemich nemek i say it right the first time nemek nemek
so anyway the opposite yeah but it's that's it i Maybe too little too late, but it wasn't panic move time for Fitzy.
It was a washed year.
And yeah, that's all I got.
All injuries too.
So many injuries.
But staying out east, I mean, maybe the most least discussed good team in the league is Tampa Bay.
I mean, this Duclair move could be huge for them.
He has played good in San Jose on a God awful team.
And what sucks is man,
they,
they had Hannah fan.
I think they were this close.
Everyone said it was this close and they ended up having to settle with Matt
Dumba,
but still like you got the core,
you got the goalie first round.
Look out.
I mean,
Tampa Bay is going to be in it.
They're going to be right in the hunt.
And they went out and did something.
They had to.
It's just such a kick in the dick with that Sergeyev injury.
If he was able to still stay healthy,
they probably wouldn't have needed to trade for Dumba.
Maybe they would have anyways.
But then they also add Duclair.
It's like, all right, nobody's even just considering them to go on any sort of run.
And they're just sitting there quietly saying, all right, let's just wait till playoffs.
So I don't think it was the best deadline.
You know, those those years that they made those big additions of Coleman and Goudreau,
and then they brought in Hagel and like all these things they did.
Now it was it was much more quiet.
But in the end, they'll have something to say once this tourney gets started.
I mean, I mean, obviously they've'll have something to say once this tourney gets started. I mean,
obviously, they've had a few hiccups this year, but
do you still consider them a top-tier contender
in the East, or just in the league,
I guess? I think it depends on what
happens with Vasilevsky's health.
Like, moving forward.
Where's he at? Back surgery,
man?
He's got so many miles on his tires.
Look at the amount of playoff games he's played like right
now vasilevsky's basically played like if you took playoff games at a consideration and what that
could do on your your body from going three straight cup runs he's played the longevity of
like a full full career full 15 to 20 year career like that is just gnarly. If he gets hot though.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's goaltending, man.
It's all, it's the whole playoff.
So it's like, if he gets going, all of a sudden they're riding him.
I don't consider them a top tier contender for the Stanley cup, but I also don't consider
them as like a runoff first round exit.
I just think that it's all up to Vasilevsky and then Kucherov and point and stammer.
They do their thing. And Hedman's Hedman's like going to Vasilevsky. And then Kucherov and Point and Stammer, they do their thing.
And Hedman's going to be up for the Norris.
Nobody even mentions him, or he could be.
So, yes, writing them off would be crazy.
Yeah, it almost feels like they didn't take it for granted a little bit.
100.
It's actually depressing.
I have no skin in the game.
It's depressing that Sergeyev got injured.
Because I would really love to see what that group would be able to do in the game. It's depressing that Sergeyev got injured because I would really love to see
what that group would be able to do in the East.
And it just sucks.
And it kind of makes for the two wild cards.
I feel like they're going to be easy series.
They're not going to be that challenging.
I don't know, man.
If somehow, if the Islanders get in and Sorokin keeps on this run,
they got six in a row now.
They're sitting in a playoff spot.
Detroit's out, which is crazy.
After the run they had, they've gone cold.
The Islanders won't be an easy out, Biz.
I know you got your Butch Goring shirt on, but, buddy,
it's a veteran team.
They're on a roll. They have a real tough schedule coming up including la tonight or you know you're listening
tuesday so last night but if they keep going dude and they get in there i don't want to play them in
the first round i don't consider that like an easy wild card matchup i think carolina and um
is that possible? Carolina
and also Florida winning their divisions?
Yes, right? Yeah.
I think they beat both of their
opponents in five games. Doesn't matter who they play.
But you're saying if somehow
the Bruins and the Rangers win the Atlantic
and Metro, it'll be a lot tougher
for those two teams to beat the Islanders handily?
Yes.
Isles Rangers in the first round would be... I would love that.
If we got the Bruins and the Leafs
and the Isles and the Rangers...
Full-on mutiny.
Let's go back to MetLife.
Yeah, I don't really have much else.
What's next on the agenda here?
Well, we got to jump back to Boston for a quick second.
James Van Riemsdyk played his 1,000th game the other night. The 392nd
player to ever hit that number. So we always like to give a little hat tip to those
guys. So congrats to JVR on hitting that number. Amazing career. Absolutely.
We just talked about the Isles. Phil Kessel, we got to talk about him.
Is this the end for Phil Kessel? We talked about him possibly signing with Vancouver, but
general manager said
it wasn't a fit there. I don't know.
It seems like the end of the road for the guy.
I think this is it, R.A.
I think if it didn't work
out here, I mean, it took that long
into this. Yeah, because obviously
he's not going to sign with a team after because if he didn't sign
by Friday, he can't play in the playoffs.
He's not going to come back and not to play
in the fucking playoffs. If it is the
end, man, we got to tip our cap.
Bruins, Leafs, Pens, Yotes, Golden Knights,
three Stanley Cups, Masters
and Trophy. Just an unbelievable...
One of the premier snipers of his generation as well.
I need to interview that guy.
I don't know if we have any chance
whatsoever of ever having him on. I think we have a chance of getting him
on a sandbagger would be our only chance
of getting him on. That's more likely, I believe. Either or a sandbagger would be our only chance of getting that's more likely I believe which either or either or sandbagger interview you need to talk
to Phil I biz you know how you mentioned well we're going to Kelly Chase soon uh biz mentions
that he considers Brett Hull um kind of like John Daly of the NHL Phil Kessel is a little bit like
Brett Hull the one-liners voice, it's all a little similar.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, that might be a better comparison.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, most likely Kessel will be playing a lot of golf,
and well, that'll bring us to our first guest, Justin Thomas.
But first, Whit, I got a trivia question for you.
How many short-handed goals did Phil Kessel have in his career so far?
Maybe zero because of the way you're asking.
One. One short-handed
goal. On that note, we're going to
send it over to Justin Thomas. Enjoy.
Before
we continue, I need to talk to you
about Peter Millar. Yes, Peter Millar,
the only thing I wear on the
golf course since before the days
of chiclets. It's pretty much the only
gear I bought. The best shirts, the best pullovers, the best
quarter zips, and now the Merge Hybrid Jacket.
It has a premium performance fabric that offers lightweight warmth and water resistance, perfect
for the season.
So as spring's around the corner here and we're approaching golf season, all you people
in the Northeast and Canada,
you're just fired up. March is the beginning, right? March is like I could see golf on the
horizon now. And when you're playing golf in end of March and April and even into May,
if you're playing in the morning, buddy, it can be cool. It could be chilly. That's why this
Merge Hybrid Jacket is perfect. You tee off, you wear
it. It doesn't restrict you at all. It feels great. You're easily able to swing in it. And then maybe
you get to the back nine, it warms up a little bit. You could take it off and just rock that
Peter Millar golf shirt. The Spit and Chicklets one. I only wear it in sandbaggers. I only wear
it in money matches. It's my go-to golfing gear. So I want everyone to head over to PeterMillard.com slash chicklets
and check out the Merge Hybrid Jacket as well as the rest of their performance
outerwear offerings.
Peter Millard is the best in the business.
Anyone who's ever worn it will tell you the same.
PeterMillard.com slash chicklets.
All right, we're looking forward to chatting with our next guest.
This Louisville native became the third youngest golfer to make the cut at a PGA Tour event when he did so at just 16 years old.
In his two years at Alabama, he won most outstanding golfer as a freshman in the Crimson Tides first ever national championship in golf, and then he turned pro.
Since then, he's won two PGA championships, a players championship, and a dozen other PGA tourneys.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chickas podcast.
Justin Thomas, how's your offseason going, my man?
It's all good.
Yeah, thank you, boys, for having me.
It's family time, so it's time to watch my family attempt to hack it around a golf course for a couple days.
Well, it's funny you mentioned your family.
So we just watched you.
Is it the PNC, the father-son tourney?
Yeah, that seems like an awesome event.
You and your dad got out there together,
and I know he's been your coach your whole life.
So it must be pretty sweet actually playing in a legit tournament with him these days.
Yeah, it's cool.
I mean, being an only child, I just kind of grew just doing wanting to do everything my dad did and he
was he's been a head pro was a head pro for a while so i basically get dropped off at the course
after school and i would wait till he was done with work and we go play nine holes and get home
at whatever night or night dirty during the summer have dinner and go do it again the next day so it
just was uh it's fun for us to be able to do that because obviously with have some stuff going on in my life now don't really get to do that too often with them so
we try to enjoy it oftentimes with like prodigies they pick up a club at a young age like how early
was it when you picked up your first club and started making contact i mean before i could
remember i i just probably two or three. My parents always say two years old.
Obviously, I don't remember shit from that age of my life.
So I just was.
Yeah, I was very, very young, to say the least.
Do you remember the first time you waxed his ass out on the course?
Like you must have been beyond fired up.
It's as sad as it is.
I don't remember that.
I just.
Yeah, it's as sad as it is.
I don't remember that.
I just but as as my dad says, as soon as it happened, it never happened the other way again.
It was as soon as I got him.
That was the end of it for pops.
Were you like a natural right out of the gate or did you need a lot of practice and a lot of reps?
I mean, I just loved it. So it was easy for me to I I mean, I played other sports as a kid growing up. I think your stereotypical stuff, baseball, soccer, basketball, but I sucked at everything else. So I realized if I wanted to play professional sports, it needed to be golf. And fortunately for me, I was decent at it, but I loved to practice it. So it all worked out well.
it but i love to practice it so uh it all worked out it worked out well i mentioned making a cut at just 16 years old was that like overwhelming for you or were you young enough where it didn't
even really phase you just kind of going going along with it i think it was neither i think i
honestly was so it was young enough to not even understand what i was doing i think i i go back
and look at videos uh first off i was like 108 pounds. I'm convinced my parents just did not fully feed me. I was in way over my head. Not that I was already not hungry to make it to the PGA Tour, but I think after doing that at that age, I definitely realized that that's what I wanted to do and this is what I wanted to do.
But yeah, I definitely had some mat wanted to do. And this is what I wanted to do. But yeah,
I definitely had some maturing to do from that,
that point on.
So Biss said the word prodigy,
like,
I guess it makes sense playing at a tour event that age,
but how do you even get in a tour event?
Like they just invited you cause you were that good at within your age
group.
Yeah,
I got,
so what did it,
every tournament's obviously different,
but the Wyndham at the time they had they had an exemption for if you won a junior tournament that was put on by the same sponsor at the same golf course. so um i got to go play the windham and i missed when i was 16 so what that would have been my
sophomore year maybe something like that but junior i don't know but i miss i remember i
missed my first week of school and i could not have cared any less if i tried that i was playing
of high school which is fucking nuts like had you had you already committed to alabama at that time
like how
does it work because in hockey sometimes they're trying to get these kids to commit like 12 years
old fuck some of them out of the womb like yeah what was the process for that it's it's a little
different in golf just because um i wasn't i wasn't committed to alabama yet but um it's just
it's different just because it's I think some kids will
you very rarely have that sixth and seventh grader that commits
because so much can happen in golf.
It's not like a football or basketball where you just see this
like the person as tall as they are or as big as they are,
and you're like, oh, well, we can make him work.
It's like golf is  it doesn't matter.
You know what I mean? It's not like, oh, not like oh wow he's six three he's got to be a
great golfer it's like that doesn't really mean anything we're just the most like average looking
people ever so we just have to make it's they basically coaches will sometimes just wait long
enough to kind of see what you got but i committed i think my uh maybe middle end of my sophomore year something like
that junior year i get one of those official visits like catch out catch a football game
just get fucked up oh yeah jesus shuttles were style uh yeah i i definitely abused the visits
uh stuff um i mean i the that's it's bad as it is my official visit to alabama was the cam
newton game the game where alabama was up 24 uh 24 3 at half and they lost 28 27 and i got to just
walk just watch cam newton run around our stadium like this and i remember my host uh
by host for that weekend a couple guys on the team, Bobby Wyatt, Corey Woodset, and Trey Maldax.
They were on the team.
As you're hosting, you get almost a per diem to spend on the kid that you're hosting, which naturally in college just goes straight to booze.
I basically walked in and had some whiskey there waiting for me.
I basically walked in and, you know, have some whiskey there waiting for me.
And it was a, we didn't really talk a whole lot on that walk back because we were pretty pissed off.
Did you hear Barkley's comments recently?
He'd rather root for Afghanistan than Alabama.
I did.
So he, I've had a good time with him, you know,
the Auburn-Alabama rivalry.
But he, during the Texas game, we were actually over in Rome
doing a little practice session for the Ryder Cup.
So, I mean, I stayed up because we had,
Scotty Scheffler was there, he went to Texas,
and everybody just loves to root against Alabama.
So, basically, it was everybody on the team
versus me watching this game.
And after Texas, basically, it was already over,
they were going to win, Chuck texted me he goes hey
brother I'm in Afghanistan I don't have any service what's going on in the game and I just
facetime him and he's laughing his ass off so after the Iron Bowl after Alabama beat Auburn I
was like hey man sorry like I'm you know I'm in the middle of Turkey what's going on I'm not sure
what's happening this game so two can play that game. That's awesome. You ever played golf with Chuck?
His swing, we interviewed him last year.
His swing's fixed, basically, he was telling us.
Yeah, the good news for Chuck is it couldn't get any worse, right?
What was he going to?
I mean, yeah, he has made a massive transformation in his golf game.
I mean, you talked about hanging out with some of the guys.
Obviously, the PGA Tour is like a brotherhood.
Who are some of the undercover guys that are just like the biggest, funniest booze bags?
Like they're the pranksters.
I mean, John Daly comes to mind.
I'm sure you have a John Daly story.
Well, John, I never really played in the John Daly era, if you will.
I mean, we definitely have some characters.
I mean, Kevin Kisner, he's
pretty entertaining. We've had a
couple good trips
and go-arounds with him.
Duff is really funny. He's
kind of sneaky, and the thing that's hard about him
is he actually is smart,
so he's witty and the shit that he says
back to you.
But, you know,
he's older now, so he's got to really pick and choose his time when he wants to let loose.
But when we do, it's always good fun.
Oh, I think I actually remember.
You're part of a little bit of a whack pack, right?
You guys go on vacation.
I remember seeing some pictures where you guys were golfing with no tarps on, no shoes.
Oh, yeah.
I'm trying to think of the names.
I'm not the big golf guy.
Witt's a huge golf guy.
He's a golf jock sniffer.
The spring break four, is that the one?
Yeah, yeah, pretty much.
It was, yeah, with Rick, Ricky Fowler, Jordan Spieth, and Smiley Coffman.
Yeah, our lives have changed a little bit since that first trip.
But, yeah, we definitely acted our age at that trips.
Golf's so interesting.
Playing team sports, you have guys to lean on,
and I know those guys are your good buddies,
but you're also competing against one another.
So when you guys have gone through tough times in your career,
do you give those guys a call, or is it more you're kind of out on your own
when you're trying to find your swing a little bit uh it's a little bit of both i mean it's uh there's
definitely i mean jordan is definitely somebody that i i feel like i can always talk to about
anything i i you know he's been one of my best friends for a while and it just is
he's i think with with two he you know he was at the top of the golfing world
and then he you know and his eyes kind of fell off the map and then kind of brought it back so i
think he's also good to talk to in that regard i mean and i know the same with rick but i mean max
almost becomes someone that i um we're very very similar him and i we both just our demeanors and
kind of how we go about things we're both work hard, but we're hard on
ourselves.
It's kind of nice to have a sounding board every
once in a while, but I would say I
honestly rely on
athletes outside of golf
more than I do in golf
for questions and stuff like that.
Justin, are there a lot
of personal rivalries on the tour that fans
are completely oblivious about? Not asking you to name names or anything, but is there a lot of piss andries on the tour that fans are completely oblivious about?
Not asking you to name names or anything, but is there a lot of piss and moan amongst guys that people just don't know about?
Not much.
I know that seems so boring, but it really depends.
I think the Ryder Club and the team events bring that out.
bring that out i think during during actual normal events it's so rare that you get the you know the number one player in the world the number two player in the world battling out down
like it just so much can happen in golf and and there's so much that goes into it that it doesn't
always work out that the best call it two or three players in the world are battling it out down the
stretch which you know naturally is who you're going to want to have a rivalry with It's like you're not necessarily picking on the 115th ranked player in the world.
It's like you're trying to beat the best.
So I think team events, Rory and I have had a couple of good battles.
You always just want to beat their brains and whoever they're playing.
JT, I'm not going to lie.
I'm not that invested in golf.
But when I see these like
mackleroy going at the caddy and the rider cup when i see like de chambeau and who's the other
guy he goes at all the time oh brooks probably yeah i fucking love that shit that gets me dialed
in man yeah i don't know if you follow all that shit or or or know all the the side stories going
on but that i think that that's what the tour needs, man. They should add fighting in hockey.
Fuck it.
Just guys fucking teeing off on the greens.
Happy Gilboa style.
Yeah, I'm kind of fucked if we start fighting.
I need to put some weight on,
or I need to start talking to you guys,
because we don't, or maybe, I don't know,
maybe if you can get an enforcer for a caddy
or something to where I'm like,
That's what I'm saying.
You really got to start that.
You want a caddy that's going to help you, but at the same time, he's got to be able to eat some ass.
If all of a sudden we start fighting in the middle of the seventh fairway, I need him to drop the bag.
Okay, let's get into this.
What drives you bananas when you're playing with a guy?
Obviously, pace of play.
I want to say I read that you hate when other players are like describing their shots to you or you're like
buddy get the fuck out of my kitchen yeah yeah it's you definitely you have some towards
i mean look there's guys that whether you're friends with them or not you play with them
it's you're not blatantly rooting against the person but let's be like i'm not brooding like i hope everybody plays bad the week that i'm playing naturally because it's
an individual tournament but you know you're out there cordial whatever it is but yeah the guys
just hit their t-shot and come over like i can't believe how short like the wind switch and and i
just it went right over the back of the green and i just want to be like i don't fucking care
like i'm i'm happy i'm happy that you hit the wrong club and hit it over the green.
I don't know what you want me to say.
Oh, fuck.
That should be like a Chappelle skit or some shit, you know?
Yeah.
Buddy, I don't give a flying fuck.
I thought they putt broke left.
You're like, bro, I hope you five putt.
I don't give a shit.
Yeah.
And the caddies that caddy for those players, no.
So sometimes it's kind of fun to like egg them on and be like, yeah, really?
What do you think happened there?
And then you just like almost just wind them up and just let them just keep going.
And then basically as soon as they can go on, then they got to go their way with their caddy.
And then all of a sudden they're just chewing their caddy's ear and they got to deal with it.
The caddy player relationship is like, it's amazing to me because there's got to be times
where you're so mad at your caddy or even you're mad at yourself and you want to take it out on
your caddy like have you been a guy that that on occasions maybe explodes on a caddy are you
pretty level-headed and almost blame yourself a little bit um i'm i'm kind of in the middle i don't i
don't blow i mean at the end of the day you like i'm the person that hits the club that hits the
shot whatever but and i've told bones that's my caddy before i'm like look like there's there's
going to be times where maybe like passive aggressively say something that's not directed
at you but it's it's kind of about you uh and i'm like just just
let it go like i i just i need this is how i cope with this and just let me get it out and just
sit there and be like yeah for sure and i'll be good in a couple minutes but if i keep it in there
and a couple holes later and i'd be like i told i knew we shouldn't hit that eight iron back there
i knew it was downwind and that all of a sudden it just builds up and builds up. But I'm more of the kind of discreet.
Yeah, I'm not going to sit there and, you know, tell my caddy he needs to stab himself with a pencil or something like that.
But it's more of kind of the passive aggressive way.
He's like, were you talking to me when you said nice read, bitch?
You're like, no, no, no, no, no.
I wasn't directed at you.
Exactly.
Good luck collecting your paycheck,
you bitch.
Yeah.
Don't forget your rights to checks for,
for like,
for non golfers listening.
Like how would you describe your game?
Like what are you best at and what are you best known for?
Are you like a sick putter?
I can only putt when I'm drinking.
I try to go sober recently and i can't putt worth
a shit i mean you have to do it sober what are you known for uh my ball striking i'd say my my
iron play has been what's uh statistically been the best over the year so i i'm down for that
wait is he lying no no yeah he hits his irons pretty tight biz it's similar to you biz's back swing goes to
his kneecap so we gotta maybe get out there with you sometime and hey well time out i want to ask
you this because you're a pro golfer the higher you go the more susceptible you are to problems
so i figure let's do like a half slap shot almost that way it's an easy follow-through and you just
got to go hard with the follow-through and then you know power is not my issue right so yeah yeah i mean i i haven't seen but just from from the sounds of it you know
we'll get hurt to try it right i mean it's if you're gonna hit it offline at least fucking
smash it just get as far up there as you can yeah i mean recently he had a hundred yards in he's like
i'm gonna hit this eight iron i'm like dude that is a little club here he's like, I'm going to hit this 8-iron. I'm like, dude, that is not the club here. He's like, no, no, no.
I'm just going to bring it back to my left
pinky toe and just pick it. I'm like, alright, here we
go. We'll get Justin Thomas on
the pod to figure this thing out. That's why we brought you on
to help us with our golf mechanics. A little
saucer pass right up there on the green.
Oh, okay. So in terms of saucer
pass and hockey, like, have
you always been a fan? I mean, can't be
much hockey in Kentuckyentucky i know
they've had some minor league teams in the days but like when did you get into the game if you're
into it at all yeah i i don't we had the louisville river frogs growing up uh or the the team that we
would go to i i don't know why i just remembered the team would come out of this just weird looking
frog uh at the start of the games but my mom saw my family
they're all from Pittsburgh so I went to Lemieux's first game back that was my first ever NHL game
and I think because of that and obviously no professional teams in Louisville I just kind of
became a Penguins fan and over the years I've gotten to know some of the pens and uh at oakmont the u.s open was in pittsburgh
in 2015 right after they won the cup and i mean as they should they were just shit face that
literally all of them are out there every single one of them had two drinks on their hands and and
i got delayed by tea time so i just kind of hung out and and just talked to him i mean i i love
talking to hockey players.
I love, I don't know.
I just think it's because I think a lot of hockey players love golf.
And I think, I hate to say this because I don't want to give y'all any credit at all,
but I think there's some very underrated athletes and just the shit that they're doing.
So I just, I respect being around them, but I also know they like to have a good time.
So they're fun to hang out with.
Do you remember Witt's era in Pittsburgh?
Do you remember Witt as a defenseman?
Were you one of the ones booing him out of town?
Yeah, from the towns on it, I didn't need to.
The rest of the town may have been too.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, actually, there was a viral story that you told about how you ended up in the same bar as the Penguins guy, panthers i if it's in florida
i try to go i've only been able to go i think twice just for scheduling but i'll go um so between
you know first meeting them and you know not all the guy or many guys are still on the team but just
got to know whatever so we went to palmetto bluffuff actually with the spring break group, but we had the wives, they had the babies, and we got to dinner.
And I go take a piss and I'm walking back and I'm like, that's Sid.
I know that's Sid.
And I'm just like, but it just didn't register.
I'm like, why the hell is he here?
So I'm just kind of walking to where I can see enough of his face.
And I was like, Sid, Sid. is he here so i'm just kind of walking and i to where i can see enough of his face and i it's like sit sit i'm kind of yelling at him and you know he's just like he's going another person
yelling at him and one of the guys on the team turns around says hey he sees me and then he gets
him so whatever we're catching up and we go back and sit down and then they um what oh yeah they
sent a bottle of wine they're like you know this is for Mr. Crosby and the Penguins. They wanted to send
this as a thank you. And we're pretty boozed up at that point. And we thought, I don't know why
this came to my mind. I'm like, all right, we got to send something back to him. But something is a
joke. So I was like, can you, and I asked our waiter, I'm like, can you take, I think there
were eight of them. Can you take a Caesar salad and cut it into eight like eight separate and the one sounds exactly and put a crouton on each one
and like send it from us so they go and they send that back and then they send back just a tray of
dots that comes out it was only water you know thinking it's tequila shot they have like the
lime on there the salt it was only water so that we sat back like a glass of 2 milk or something.
It was just we were having a time with it,
but we ended up drinking with them a little bit after,
but it was good fun.
Yeah, that's silly.
That's silly stuff.
Do you remember seeing these two dingbats play?
I know Biz wasn't there as long as Whit,
but do you remember seeing them in person?
Well, I don't think.
He saw Biz on the bench. No, I only played the bench i don't play 15 games with the pens i haven't i have not been to very many penguins
games i i do i haven't been at a game pittsburgh in forever but i just uh i enjoyed following and
watching hockey and physio that i had for a while was Canadian, and he played maybe in Europe or something for a little bit.
So he was always, always talking hockey, being from Dallas, big stars guy.
So it's always been easy to kind of be a fan of him.
But I unfortunately do not remember those days, no.
Have you ever golfed with Mickelson
and you ever  like, do you ever gamble with him?
Yeah, I've played with Phil.
I haven't played with him in a bit.
He's a machine with gambling, isn't he?
Yeah, I know, right?
Yeah, there are rumors that he does like to gamble.
I don't know where that came from.
Fuck off.
No, come on.
You ever golfed with him?
For sure, for sure.
No, we've we've
played i i qualified for the u.s open in 2014 uh and i was on the the web.com tour at the time
which is you know a tour under the pga tour and you know you're not playing for very much money
at all and so i think it was uh myself and jordan verse it was a practice round verse phil and ricky
and down the t and they. We were on the tee.
I was playing the standard game with 2,000 closeout, 1,000 press.
It's like, okay, here we go.
This is like a 13th place on the tour that I'm playing on at the time.
Fortunately, we ended up winning.
Jordan clutched up for me.
It was the most people I'd played in front of, the most nervous i'd been um even in the practice round oh for sure i mean i put you
know on the web.com it's like you can yeah the only people there are the family members in your
group and maybe you know the couple people from the town that like golf for some reason so it's
not playing in front of thousands of people on a tuesday practice round for a couple thousand
dollars wasn't something i was too used to.
But it was nice.
Ricky had to go to the ATM and get some cash and put it in my locker.
So that was nice.
That's unreal.
What about in golf?
The other thing that I'm so amazed by is, say, your final group in a major, right?
And you don't tee off.
It's like 3 o'clock.
What do you do all day?
You wake up. And say you wake up at 8. You're like, I don't tee off it's like three o'clock like what do you do all day you wake up and say you wake up at eight you're like i don't play for seven hours my mind's on
it the entire time like how do you spend that entire day it's weird it's and i've always tried
to compare that or think about other sports in the sense of like i wouldn't know what to do with
myself if we had an eight o'clock tee off you know what i mean um it's you really just do anything possible to stay busy
and not think about what you're gonna do i mean you you know you maybe kind of stretch out
breakfast another 30 or 45 minutes and you know maybe just go to the gym and kind of stretch that
out another 20 or 30 minutes if i play it late like that i'll i'll generally go do a little bit
of putting before I have lunch.
I mean, it really is just, like you said, you wake up and you're thinking about it, you're ready to go.
Then you got to wait that long.
You're just trying to somehow do something that's not have you on the couch, on your phone, on social media,
read articles about yourself and looking at all this shit about the tournament.
You just want to tee off yeah i was uh man i get nervous when there's like a couple people
watching me on the tee box go at it what was your first like welcome to the pga moment where
where there was just a gallery like a crazy insane gallery where maybe even your nerves
where they'd never been before uh no shit it was it was probably that tuesday practice round at the
us open with with uh with jordan ricky and phil it just there were so many people were
teeing off at you know 8 8 30 in the morning and it just is that was that was at that point was
was wild uh the most nervous i've ever been in my career though was the rider cup in 2018
in france uh i mean there's i think it was like six to ten
thousand people on the team they had a big uh big grandstand and it just was it you're like
you're the nerves and everything that i had the adrenaline that i had but just also just you don't
i don't feel anything it's it's just wild in the sense of different to other sports to where that kind of feed off that energy, but then you're feeding off of it, and then it just goes dead quiet.
And you can just hear a pin drop, and it's almost like you can just hear and feel like you're heart beating in your face.
And you have to somehow try to hit it in front of you.
It's wild.
Hard to explain.
It's a panic.
It is, yeah. What the fuck do i do now i gotta hit this like i gotta just find the center of the face here somehow yeah i mean jordan and i it was
best ball the uh that match that we played and we were kind of checking aside you know are you
gonna go first am i gonna go first whatever and there's a big bridge that goes from the practice
green over onto the first tee and and he had it and he was great kind of keeping me calm.
And he's like,
you know,
do you want to go first?
You want me to go first?
And as soon as I,
it kind of hit me and I'm looking up at that grandstand,
I'm like,
let me go first.
I need to go first.
Just get the fuck out of my way.
I need,
I need to hit right now.
I'm freaking out right now.
Um,
I was reading,
I think it was in 2000.
You went to Valhalla and you got to see tiger when,
uh,
what was it like the,
was it one of the major championships?
Yeah.
Was it the PGA?
And then you ended up getting Jack Nicholas autograph that same weekend.
Like,
was that like,
uh,
like,
I mean,
you know,
I,
we talk about Wayne Gretzky as our goal,
you know,
Tom Brady to go like tiger woods and what he's done for golf.
That must've just been an incredible experience to watch him win that and then eventually of course get to play with
him and meet him yeah yeah it was i mean i was seven at the time and it being uh yeah we don't
we college basketball is kind of all kentucky uh louisville is kind of known for it's had a couple
you know football stints obviously you have the horse racing,
whatever,
but in terms of something big like that every once in a while. So the PJ being there was huge,
but going there at that age,
idolizing tiger,
just,
he was in,
he was in that era,
that prime of where he was almost an underdog to not win a major versus
winning a major,
which is just obscene.
And, um, yeah, it was, I remember, I'll never forget being in the clubhouse, to not win a major versus winning a major, which is just obscene.
And yeah, I'll never forget being in the clubhouse watching.
He had like a six or seven footer to force a playoff on 18 on Sunday.
And I'm watching on TV, Mike, that whatever, the one or two second delay.
It's like as soon as he hit the putt on TV, you could just hear the crowd erupt outside.
And then I knew that he had made it just was you know
as a seven-year-old like you are you're dreaming big already but it was uh it was kind of like a i
i wouldn't do this kind of moment that was pretty it was pretty special his mental game is just
tapped eh it's it's not nuts it really is it's i think at least it in my opinion from talking to whether
it's other athletes or golfers whatever it is i'd say the best at what they do i have a hard
time explaining it right i mean i've asked so many questions and he's like you just you just do it
it's not i'm like oh okay let me oh i gotcha let me write that my order book that'll really help me a lot i guess just
he is he's i mean he's just he's wired differently and and it's um i mean he was obviously physically
better than everybody already but he just would beat people with his mind and how hard he would
practice to where the golf tournaments for them so easy to him and he just would out intimidate people it's uh it was bizarre that's probably around the time john daily shit oh yeah
talk shit doesn't he he yeah he's uh yeah i mean he's just he's just a dude right like he it's not
obviously he's got a microscope on him bigger than anybody in golf, but he's still a guy.
I think that's why we get along because I'm pretty sarcastic.
Not that I know when to be serious or not,
but if I'm hanging out with a bunch of guys,
if we're playing golf, drinking beer, whatever it is,
I just want to be myself and relax and needle you, have fun, whatever.
And I feel like he's kind of the same way.
So like Jordan, you're saying,
kind of like when he's playing against guys in the final round,
he'll say shit that'll get under their skin?
No, he doesn't talk.
That's not usually a thing in tournaments.
No one's talking trash like Wilder playing.
I think it's just more, Tiger's more just like the,
there's a good story of tony finau when uh when tiger won the masters in 2019 it was on sunday it was like the seventh hole they hadn't spoken or said anything um and they're walking back there's
like a long walk back to the t and they're walking back tony's like tiger he's like uh
how's the family how's the kid is and tiger's like they're good and when he's like okay this is yeah this is this is it so it's more of that kind of uh
just you know almost uh blanking you type if i was tony i would have started bitching about my
shots and the wind took over kind of like how it drives you bananas maybe that's how you get under tiger's skin i i don't know so yeah yeah it's uh people i'm sure have tried many things and none of them have
been too successful in the past i was um i was playing medalist one time and we're going off
one we went off 10 going off one and then uh the guy i'm playing with james driscoll put on the
tour for a while he's like oh he goes tigers t goes, Tiger's teeing off, so just move.
He's coming.
He's going to play right through us.
I'm like, unbelievable.
So he rips driver.
He's with Jason Duffner and Ahmad Rashad.
So Tiger hits it to like 20 feet.
Duffner pulls it into the left bunker,
and he's like, hey, guys, nice little quick hello.
Duffner hits a bunker shot to like 20 feet.
Tiger nestles his putt down.
He goes, let's go, Duff.
He's like, can I putt it out?
He goes, nope.
Duff's like, all right, okay.
He picks up his ball and waddles away.
Yeah, probably just got to his part, Duff did.
He's never going to be in a hurry, that's for sure.
No, no, no.
So you could tell he was just like the alpha.
I love listening to Witt talk about golf courses.
You know all the tracks. What's your favorite track? tell he was just like the alpha i love listening to wit talk about golf courses like when you just
you know like you you know all the tracks what's your favorite track if you had to pick one
uh it'd probably be i like links golf like over in scotland and ireland i just think it's fun
it's really it's really really fun to place there's a place in northern ireland rural county
down that's a pretty pretty sick track it'd be probably it's you know a fun to play. There's a place in Northern Ireland, Royal County Down. That's a pretty sick track.
It's a fun place to go on a boys' trip or something like that.
That's where we just were, Biz, in October.
That's where we went.
You golfed at that club?
Yeah, Royal County Down.
Oh, is that the one you called a goat ranch?
No, no.
That was not our city.
Oh, okay.
No, the guy there told us that it's the number one course in the world
that you can play that's not private.
So anyone can go there.
It was sick, really nice.
The thing is over there is you can get four seasons in a day.
But that's also part of what makes it.
If you get shit weather over there, you're like,
all right, yeah, we'll go play versus here in the States if it's bad. You're like, I'm not playing. That's what part of what makes it, you know, if you get shit weather over there, you're like, all right, yeah, we'll go play versus here in the States.
If it's bad, you're like, I'm not playing.
That's what am I doing?
So it's kind of a part of what makes it fun, I guess, over there.
My other buddy told me that the Masters is kind of like a cult, like all the way that they run it over there.
I want to get invited back every year.
So I think they're doing everything great.
Okay.
Oh, cool.
Okay.
All right.
Love those. year so i think they're doing everything great okay oh cool okay all right love those
there's no one pro golfer in the world that would say a bad thing about about augusta i heard all
the greenskeepers are oompa loompas and they come out whatever they do they do better than any place
in the world you'll you'll have a tree fall i, they had a tree fall down like two years ago, like a full blown, massive 80, 70 foot tree. And the next day you would never even know that it
existed. It's insane. It's almost not even real life sometimes. It's wild.
Is it true if you find a weed there, they'll give you a hundred bucks? Is that a true thing
or is that a rumor? I've never seen one or heard of one somebody finding one so that it wouldn't surprise me
i've never seen a squirrel out there like it's it's they're killing the squirrels no it's just
you don't it's it's almost like there's a bubble like you're just not even allowed it's it's it's
it's hard to explain and also sound even we're saying
it out loud like i just did but like you would think with pine trees everywhere and and pine
needles you'd see a bunch of pine cones it's like nope i've never seen a pine cone on the ground
it's it's almost like it's there's somebody in the tree and it'll be falling and they just like
run out run back in it just it just never happened. You see a guy in a green jacket, just like snap a bunny rabbit's neck.
You're like, holy shit.
You guys are fucked.
Hey, Biz mentioned that you met Jack Nicklaus.
Pretty cool that you just opened a course.
You guys built a course together, right?
That's unbelievable.
How did that come together?
Yeah.
To talk about something I just never really uh thought would happen especially
at you know at the time 29 years old it just was he it's more so i guess the money behind it um
wanted obviously jack to do it but i think wanted someone a younger person to kind of do it with
them co-design it if you will. And I love golf course architecture.
I think it's cool because you have such a variety of ways of doing it,
both kind of new and modern and old, whatever, or current,
whatever you want to call it.
But then, yeah, for some reason, I was chosen off of that list,
whoever was on it, and they reached out to us.
And with it being here
30 40 minutes from home it it was great uh it's not something i it was going to be a super time
restriction on practicing or playing a tournament so i could go out there and check it out but it
just was it was great i mean it was i i tell everybody it was like watching picasso paint
right the guy's done hundreds and hundreds
and potentially thousands of golf courses,
and I got to watch him do it
and give any opinions or thoughts if asked.
I mean, I knew my role.
I knew my place.
It just was more to sit back and learn than anything.
That's cool.
Like Jack himself, he's the one who puts like,
we're on a bunker here like
like make the fairways narrower here yeah so that his team i mean obviously when you get to that
level it's not like he's the one sitting from scratch and designing and moving shit but it's
just the team will design you know you kind of get a concept of what you want the course to look
like be like then the team will come up with
basically the design and then jack or jack and i would go out there and we just go hole to hole
like i don't like this let's move this bunker over here let's take the screen from this way
face it this way uh you know that's maybe let's let's bring this t over a little bit i think
it's a little too severe let's you know maybe put it up a little bit or all the drainage is that everything is going to come right to this corner of the green.
Let's maybe change the elevation a little bit so the water falls off.
There's just a lot of stuff that goes on to it that I had no idea.
And there's way more that I'm sure that I still don't know.
But there's a lot of little things that go into it that's pretty depressing i actually heard another golf rumor that um at the grove that uh
like what's his name uh mj's t shots he only hits it like 250 yards he hits it like a bit of a
grandpa so the minute after 250 yards it gets real narrow so nobody who hits the long ball can have
the advantage on him is that that true? Is MJ cheating?
I feel like I probably shouldn't say too much about it.
Oh, yeah.
Am I being wired right now? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
MJ's nuts.
Yeah, he's a competitive guy.
I mean, hey, it definitely is.
I mean, if you're designing a golf course,
I don't know why you wouldn't design it for yourself, right?
It's not a coincidence that this place is nicknamed Slaughterhouse 23.
I mean, he's tough to beat out here.
He's tough to beat at a lot of places when he's playing well,
but it's just, it is.
It's for us to, for hitting drivers, it gets a little more narrow,
but it's, he just, his short game is so good.
And out here, he's always going to be in the hole.
He can kind of get it around the green, and then next thing you know,
you lose however much you bet, and you pay it to him, and go on with your day.
JT, I played with him there with Clark MacArthur.
Yeah.
So obviously, the first time, for people who don't know,
there's like seven people in the group.
Dwight Freeney's out there banging the ball around.
Everyone has their own carts.
So he doesn't say a word to me.
We get to 17, the 35th hole of the day.
It's a par five.
I'm on in two.
He's dead.
The guy's short game was insane.
He's dead.
Short side.
It hits this flop shot.
Like insane.
I put it right inside him.
He makes his birdie putt.
I miss.
First thing he said all day. he goes, that's right,
bitch. I'm like, oh my god.
So then
we go 36.
He beats me on it.
He hasn't been the same since.
Wait a second. Wait a second.
So then I finish the last hole.
Another press. Lose that hole too.
He's like, scratch golfer?
Bitch, you couldn't scratch my wife's ass.
I was like, I just left.
I just paid him 10 grand and left.
I was like, holy fuck.
I would have paid that to play with him anyway, so I didn't give a shit.
MJ's fantasy camp.
I felt this big.
I'm like like this guy
he's pumping rap tunes the whole time that say his name in the song yeah what planet am i on
right now oh yeah yeah i've played with him i hear a good bit where yeah y'all something will happen
or you know i don't see i don't see your name on the on the scorecard or in the clubhouse or this
is yeah welcome to grove bitch, stuff like that,
where you just couldn't feel any more useless as a person.
So for a guy of your stature, do they give you a membership
or do they force you to pay the initiation fee like everybody else?
No, yeah, we had to pay.
We had to fork it out.
Damn.
Damn.
Yeah, other places are different,
but I think this place is very unique in the sense of
like look he wants he wants everybody to feel like you know we're all members same with this
but i mean he's got a lot of buddies that he's played with over the years the same thing they
had to pay to be members it's just it's but it's a it like the you know the member members always
fun or any kind of events where people are in town.
It's such a unique, ridiculous membership that it's awesome and totally worth anything you could have to pay.
And he's just peeling up in these unreal cars, dude.
Doesn't he have an insane car collection?
Yeah, you could usually hear him coming in.
Just buzzing, eh?
Yeah, you could usually hear him coming in.
Just buzzing, eh?
There's like a two-mile road that's dead straight on the drive-in just so he can rip his Ferraris up there, I think.
And, yeah, you just hear the thing.
Like, MJ's coming.
Yeah, better get ready.
Hey, what about, like, I mean, it just takes so much time and effort,
and you've got to be so involved in your game.
Like, what's your practice schedule like?
When you've got some off time or you're working on something, are you hitting balls an hour,
putting it out? Like what's the time you're putting in each day when you're really trying
to like work on the swing? It just depends. I, I, I feel like during season it's, I'm trying to
work on something specific. If it's, if i'm trying to work on something in my golf swing
mechanically then i'll probably spend more time hitting balls uh and videoing just to try to
kind of put maybe what i'm feeling certain things in my swing versus what it looks like because it
never looks like what it feels like it looks like right so trying to kind of match those up but then
there's gonna like
before majors i'm always gonna work a lot on my short game because that that's generally how major
championships are won in my opinion um but it's it's it's kind of different throughout the season
i mean i'm always trying to i'm more of a practicer than a player so i like to spend a lot of time
working on my distance control and and whatnot but anytime i play i want to you know
whether it's with guys that are on tour or buddies or mj whatever like i want to play for something
it doesn't need to be anything crazy but it's something to at least i feel like i'm out there
finishing you know finishing the hole and i need to post a score because you know any athlete is
competitive and you don't want to lose whether it it's 50 or 10,000.
The fact of you having to hand over money to your buddy is never fun.
So you've won two majors and they were both the PGA Championship?
Mm-hmm.
So, I mean, that's the ultimate crown right there, winning a major, right?
Your first experience, like, fuck,
how were the nerves coming down the stretch there? Are you like, fuck this up don't fuck this up or were you just like in the
zone if he was thinking that i'll be shocked well i don't know what you're thinking man it's golf
like i mean you're in your own head sometimes yeah it's it is hard because you obviously have
all that time between shots and uh i mean the night before trying to go to sleep and like you
said you have that time on morning like it's not that's the one thing i think that makes golf so different
than any every other sport is it's not as uh you're not as reactive you know it's like all
the other sports you're moving most mostly you're moving non-stop and you're kind of reacting
to what's happening and other than timeouts between quarters periods whatever it is like
you don't necessarily have that much time to kind of think about what could happen you're just
you're just doing what is happening at that time um and i think that's i was able to learn from
past experiences because i i had had times whether it's tournaments or majors that i'm
you know walk down the fairway thinking about oh i just birdied this hole and i birdied that hole
and then i cup on the back nine, I'm going to win.
And then I make four bogeys and finish 23rd.
And then you're like, well, fuck, I wish I wouldn't have done that.
So for the first major at Quail Hollow, I was just very calm.
I just thought it, for some reason, was in a great frame of mind
and kind of state of mind that day.
I felt very at ease ease and i felt more so
like let everybody else fuck up instead of me going to win this thing like just let everybody
else make the mistakes uh which is kind of what happened i was projecting there because that's
usually what i say when i approach the ball and that's what i'm talking about maybe maybe that's
the problem maybe we fix that well It's always been the mental game.
Let's focus on the backswing.
I think it's always been the mental game.
So you've gotten two PGA championships.
If you could trade one of the PGA championships for another major,
which major would you want?
I mean, the Masters would be the most life-changing.
I really, really want to win an Open Championship.
I think that just would be so badass.
I mean, look, I don't give a shit if it's any of them.
I'll take another PGA for all I care.
But if I had to trade for one, I definitely would trade for Masters.
Okay.
Do you think most golfers would say if they could only win one,
they'd pick the Masters?
It's the most life-changing.
It's going to be the most...
I mean, not that you win majors for that reason,
but it would make you the most famous, if you will.
Financially, it's going to be the most impactful.
I mean, you're always going to get invited back to Augusta.
You're just historically Masters champions.
I hate to say a little more remembered, but it's hard.
And if you win one, are you not a member after you win it?
You're not, no.
No shit, but some of them have become members, right?
Condoleezza Rice is a member.
She is.
She is.
I don't think she's won the Masters to my knowledge.
No, she lost.
She lost her playoff one year. Oh, okay. No, but you don't think she's won the masters to my knowledge no she lost she lost her playoff one year oh yeah no but uh you don't you don't you may you may get a little a little different uh
privileges time to time but no you do not become a member but you do get to go and sleep in all
like the silly bunks they have in the cult like uh structures right yeah they got some cabins
they got the cabins they got the they're pretty sweet. I don't think
I'm ever going to get the invite now, which is a shame.
Oh, shocker.
I don't think that we're ever going to be
over there. They'd have to re-sod the whole thing.
You know what I find so weird
about pro golf is that
you guys finish up,
and tell me if I'm wrong, you got these beautiful
locker rooms, play at these awesome courses, but
then guys, they never shower
and get dressed in the locker room, right?
Don't you guys just leave immediately?
It's on like just after a round?
Yeah, after a round or after a tourney.
You don't use the locker room, right?
On Sundays, I do on Sundays usually before I travel.
But no, I mean, after a round,
it's usually you get after whatever you practice,
media, whatever the hell it is, and eat
depending on the time of day. And then
our physios are generally set up at the
golf course. They'll see
him. And then, yeah, I
head back. Yeah, it is kind of wild. I mean,
there's some guys that'll
bring some clothes. I heard a rumor
they all stop because DeChambeau is a bird
watcher. That's what I heard.
Hockey players love seeing wrenches.
Yeah, we love showering.
Biz would get out of his suit after being a healthy scratch.
I'd be doing the mangina in there.
I'd be bending over, giving the Timbit man from Tim Hortons.
I would legit be a healthy scratch, and I'd have my suit on.
Yans would be like, take your suit off.
You're showering with the boys.
I'd say, all right, I'll get the pops.
That's why I played the game was to just stare wit said that if you lined up every guy you ever played with you probably get about 80 of the guys if
you covered their bodies and just had their horns exposed that's how did you not say that when i was
one year in college we had a very one year oh okay yeah right what would you put your percentage at
now then if you're 80 then?
I probably have dropped down having kids and a wife.
I at least have to say I dropped down unless I sewer myself.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, that was a tough time in my life. Yeah, he draws them in.
Are you hitting balls after every round in a tournament?
That's got to be like if you play bad, maybe you hit.
And if you play good, you're going home.
I'd say it's 50-50.
I mean, sometimes it's kind of like a nice little just,
it'll let some steam off kind of thing.
It's also every place is different.
I mean, there's some places you get done,
like the facilities are right there.
And some of them, you got to take a shuttle along.
And it's like, look, if I want to hit like eight balls or something,
I'm not going to get in a fucking car and go take an eight minute shuttle
just to hit a couple of drivers.
Like I'll just, I'll just hit a couple extra tomorrow morning.
So it's, it just kind of depends.
But usually I'd say probably 50, 50.
Have you ever been invited on Ernie Els's private jet?
I haven't.
I've had a couple of good drinking sessions with Ernie jet? I haven't. I've had a couple good drinking
sessions with Ernie, but I haven't
been on his plane. I think he
may have sold his plane by the time I
had gotten on tour.
Have you heard about this guy
wrestling guys in his plane when he gets buckled?
Oh, yeah.
He kidnapped me one time.
This was like
my first year living in Floridaida he had like a friend that
was um that lived down the street from me and i was pulling in the house and um i saw him rolled
out my window i'm like ernie what's up and he's like who the fuck is that i'm like it's justin
he's like justin who like justin thomas he's like come over here. I'm a drink. I'm like, okay, here we go. And like had a buddy in town. I'm like, I'm sorry, but we, we, we got to do this. I don't know what's
going to happen. We got to do it. So I parked my car and went over to the house and about nine
hours later, we, we went to sleep. Uh, yeah, we were, he, we were at his house and then,
or we had this guy's house and then he wanted to go to his house. And I mean, I was like,
already my house is right there. Like, Oh, home and he literally picked me up threw me in his car
locked locked the door this trainer that was with us drove us home he was we're like in his guest
house and we were out of uh we didn't want to go to the main house to wake up his family so we were
we were drinking vodka muscle folks. Oh, oof.
My buddy, he was calling him the wrong name the whole night.
I didn't even care.
He's like, where the fuck is he at?
And he's in the bathroom.
But he's all curled up around the toilet throwing out those.
Vodka muscle milk.
This guy.
So he's one of those old school. You talk about old school hockey players
who are like six pack after the round.
He's just one of those type of throwback kind of guys yeah yeah it's definitely different here now than
i think it used to be but he's and he's such a good dude too and he's just like so big and you
know i mean he just as a bear sometimes he is he is but man he did uh he could he could throw him
back for sure uh okay so i so I had buddies go to,
I don't know if it was a major,
but it was in Washington,
and they went to watch the warm-up session
for the guy who's always smoking the stogies.
Is it Jimenez?
Yeah, yeah.
The stretching guy, Vince?
Oh, buddy.
The guy who does the funny stretching?
Yeah.
They said he was moving his hips,
and then he stopped, looked at the crowd,
and then started going the other way,
and the
whole crowd erupted so is he like have you ever had any encounters with him he just seems like a
silly bastard yeah yeah he is i haven't played with him a bunch but i mean i've played in
tournaments with him or i've watched him do that and it's the wildest thing you're like i don't
even know at this point if this is helping this guy but i feel like he's just he's committed and
everybody liked that.
Everybody loves it, so I'd probably do the same thing too.
Just impregnating women from the range warming up.
He looks like he's pregnant himself if you've seen his barrel on him,
just smoking Stogies and drinking wine all the time.
I mean, who are some of the other old school guys
that are just like these legends behind the scenes?
Like, Wick, who can you think of?
You play the Masters
practice round with Tiger and Freddie Couples
every year, right?
The rub and tug master.
Oh, is that a rumor?
That's another rumor?
I just go on the internet and believe everything.
I got to start
getting you to send me these. I need some
of these rumors.
He's just creating them in his mind he'll send you 15 tonight he'll just imagine them now
I'm gonna make one up about you but couple seems pretty sick he seems like a cool cat
Freddie's the man and he uh I mean his texts are hilarious like it just it's out of completely out
of nowhere no context like literally today like we had a group text from our Ryder Cup team,
and the vice captain's in there.
Out of nowhere, it was probably 10 in the morning here,
so on the West Coast, 7 a.m.
Nobody had said anything in a couple of days.
In all caps, he just says, bitches.
I'm like, morning, Fred.
What's going on, dude?
What?
He's basically calling all of us, which is what he's doing,
and asking what we're doing.
But he's a freaking beauty, and he's so, so much fun to play golf with
and listen to talk.
What do you call him?
Tempo Townwit?
He's got the best tempo?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's just silky, man.
Silky.
His swing is, like, compared to how short yours is, his is that long.
He just wraps it around there.
Coils?
If he saw your swing, he'd throw up.
It's like the exact opposite of his.
The term is coil, by the way, Whit, just so you know.
You're right.
Another little fun fact about you.
This one's true.
You like to engrave your wedges with like quotes and funny things
like what what do you got in your bag right now what's what's tickling your fancy with the quotes
yeah the ones i use i just have uh i think i just have maybe my initials on there um
and radar just it's what the i don't know it's a nickname that literally nobody on planet earth
calls me but it's the the guy who makes the, just puts it on there, whatever. But my dad has a wedge that he likes
to walk around with. He always has to have a club. He just needs something to lean on. He's
been a teaching pro forever. He's used to just being on the range and leaning on a club. And
for years, he would always just take a club out of my bag and do it. And I would get pissed off
because it would be a club that I'd need.
So I literally just started bringing an extra club every week for him to hold.
And the Vokey,
the,
the wedge rep started stamping the tournaments,
the years,
everything on it.
So he's got this wedge that he says,
he's like,
I think COVID started on this,
this wedge.
I mean,
this thing is just,
it's so old and got the grip is so nasty.
Like he's got, I think it's four or five years now. He's had this thing. I mean, this thing is just so old and got the grip is so nasty. Like he's got
I think it's been four or five
years now he's had this thing
on as hockey players.
You've ever seen the movie Slap Shot.
I haven't seen it in a while,
but yeah, I've seen it. What's
like the Slap Shot to PGA golfers?
Like what's the most authentic throwback
like the best golf movie?
It's got to be Tin Cup.
That would be right.
I love that movie.
I mean, I was going to say maybe Happy Gilmore.
I mean, what's the
Yeah.
I think
Caddyshack's the
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I think you got a good argument for Tin Cup and Caddyshack.
But I think Happy Gilmore is a little more maybe new age, but as much as
I love Happy Gilmore, it's Caddyshack and Tin Cup are kind of the OG golf movies, I'd
say.
They kind of had a real life story, didn't they, with that guy who came out of nowhere,
that real fun story?
I mean, once again, I know nothing about golf, but that guy who just-
Oh, that goon Blocky?
That guy from this year?
Why'd you call him a goon?
Oh, dude, I hated this guy.
Why?
No offense if you're his friend.
No offense if you're his friend.
Why?
This guy was a fucking clown.
Biz, it was the guy who said if he drove it like Rory, he'd be the best player in the world.
Yeah, but.
No, he was a goon, dude.
He was a goon.
How could you compare that in the hockey world?
Like if I'm just like  I mean, if I
It would be like R.A. saying if I could skate, I'd be like Mario Lemieux.
Like no shit.
I think the guy got a lot of coverage and then ended up being a little bit of a blowhard, I'll say.
Now, granted, I've never met the guy.
Jeez, one quote.
I wonder what people think of me with the misquotes.
I'm fucking calling Freddie Couples the rub and tug master.
What are you going to say about me on tour?
Jesus Christ.
I got a question.
So right now, crazy happenings in the world of pro golf.
There's Live, there's the PGA Tour.
I imagine it
can be like a little stressful for you guys how much they offer you i i did one like when you
first got offered by them was there a thought of going or never at all did you consider it
no really no i uh i actually got an uh not arguments but actually no i would say arguments
at the at the grove remember about it because it was right after uh ram had left and and uh you know just talking to people
about it and everyone's like well i mean you got it i'm bare i was like no like i i don't know like
you're telling me they offered you 400 million you would say no i'm like i would 100 say no i'm
like i i totally understand like that's ridiculous and asinine and it's easy
to say if you don't, but I'm like
if...
It sounds terrible, but it's like
I am not going to wake up tomorrow and do
any... I'm not going to live my life any differently.
I'm not going to...
Which is everything Rom said too.
I know. I know. I guess
I should be careful, but there's
a point. that's kind of
what i said at the beginning is i'm like look like if when we didn't know what was going to happen
i needed to kind of know what was going on in case everybody left i'd like i just want to play
against the best player in the world if everybody is there then i don't really have an option right
but now we still have the heavy heavy majority of the best players in the world on the PGA Tour.
And we're continuing to improve the product and whatnot.
But it is.
It's tough and everybody is different.
But I just want to win as many PGA Tour events as possible and as many majors as possible.
And I can't imagine doing anything to potentially hinder that i mean i understand if they keep getting more guys and stuff might have
to change but um i don't know i just i i have that's just me personally everybody everybody's
different and everybody has a number whatever you want to say but it's tough is it hard for you to
talk about this stuff like is it like is it jam you up a little bit?
I know we were talking sick of it, right?
It's, I mean, I did it.
I did it first.
It hasn't been as much.
It wasn't that much for a while.
And then again, since Ron left, it's been more again.
But, uh, no, I mean, it's, it's the reality, right?
Like it's, I think the most important thing is just as selfishly as a professional golfer like i want our sport to continue to get better and competing tours is not
what's best for professional golf and also there's a great great uh podcast that kind of dissected a
little bit more is that it's a great point is like we're golf right like we're not if we lose 20 call it of our fans like
it's not like we're the nfl where a hundred million people are watching right like we
there comes a point where we can't continue to lose more fans we need to be doing shit to get
more and more fans so we can try to get to that level right so that's what i was going to ask do
you feel that maybe golf got a bit complacent and that's why that whole eruption happened? And do you think maybe that they need to figure out or maybe they have since a better way to compensate the guys who aren't winning all the tournaments, like the top 50 guys?
I look at it the other way, man.
What do you mean?
Because I look at it like guys like you and say there's 30 other guys, right,
that they're the reason fans are watching and going.
So the guys that are beneath them are kind of like complaining where it's like,
well, dude, people aren't watching the guys who nobody knows.
They don't really  that's not why any fans are going to the tournaments. That's not why they're watching the events.
So it's like you got to play better and then you'll be one of these guys so it's like biz the
best players in every sport make the most money whereas in in golf like it doesn't work that way
by being the best player you don't get anything extra right you get the same price for winning
as a no-name guy would get i understand but i'm also not talking about like making the the purses
bigger for those guys who are finishing like, you know, 86 or whatever.
But is it not true that they have to pay for their own travel?
They have to pay for their own entry fee.
I just feel like with what the PGA was making, maybe that type of stuff could be taken care of because as a fourth line or fifth line, if I'm being honest player, I still got to fly on the plane with the boys.
I still got the filet mignon. I still got to fart my protein plane with the boys. I still got the, the filet mignon.
I still got the fart, my protein farts, you know, like on, on,
on the private jet.
So it's just like go to the four seasons.
Like what about, what about helping those guys out in that regard?
Yeah, that, that is, again, there's so many,
it's always funny playing in pro-ams and,
and they'll ask questions like that.
And we're like, you mean you pay for your,
like we literally pay for everything.
Like it's not, it's, it is, we're, we're our,
we are our own team.
Like, you know, I'm paying for my hotels or houses every week,
my travel, my food, my paying, you know,
paying my caddy, coach, whatever it is.
And yeah, obviously the bigger of a name you are,
the bigger endorsement deals.
But like you said, it could go Monday Qualify,
and we have the chance to make the same amount of money that week, prize money.
And I think that's where some guys had some frustration.
Guys are bringing a lot more value than others.
I mean, it's like anything.
It's just you have  I mean,rick mahomes is going to bring a lot more to
the nfl than than else uh the special kids guy yeah derek car like it's just it's the way that
it it's just how it is and i think that um but everybody has an opportunity to play their way
to that and i think it's i mean everybody knows playing in
professional sports like it's fucking hard to get to the it's hard to get to the nhl hard to get to
the mlb hard to get to the pga tour and you know you kind of go your whole life wanting to try to
be the best at it and get there and then all of a sudden you you know you're maybe not one of those
top x guys that's getting whatever and you're're like, well, why are they getting that?
Why out?
Why am I not?
It's like,
well then fucking play better or be,
be better at what you're doing or just work on what you're doing.
And you can be at the same position.
But I was also thinking though,
of like a certain number,
like how many people have their,
their card?
Would you say 200 people on tour?
It's 200 ish.
Have some kind of status.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay. So maybe there's like
a certain cutoff where like i'm not saying they get to get their house or their private jet paid
for but just even like a like a plane ticket a hotel yeah they they started something because
it's kind of similar to that they start if you're you know you're a rookie on tour and you come out
and you miss say you play 25 events you miss 25 cuts you don't make it you
make zero dollars playing you're in the whole money actually you're a couple yeah you're there
are 100 200 000 in the red um so i mean that's just the reality so the tour came i it's bad i
don't know the number but they came up with a almost like a stipend that every tour member
gets at the beginning of the year it's like is your, obviously there's going to be guys that are,
you know, if you got guys that are flying around on a Gulfstream
versus people that are driving or flying, whatever,
it's going to be different expenses.
But every person now is getting a stipend to help with that,
to make sure that, like I said, you're not playing as a rookie,
you miss every cut and you're fucking looking for a job
because you've lost a bunch of money.
Wow.
Well, that's kind of what  can you explain to maybe people
who aren't huge PGA fans like this, is it the pip where guys get paid
based on popularity?
Is that how that works?
Essentially, yeah.
It's the easiest way to say it to say it i think it got it still is but it got very
misunderstood as like a social media contest that's all everybody thought was like oh
their twitter and their instagram like they're dropping sex tapes yeah exactly i mean hey you
want to it's probably help you win the tip i don't know if it would be help with some of your sponsors, but you may win that.
But it has five categories.
It's Google mentions your amount of time on TV, your popularity in the most influential people in the world on the PGA Tour
that are the reason that we're signing these TV deals,
the reason that we're getting these contracts,
the reason we're getting these sponsors for these tournaments,
the reason we're selling merchandise, we're selling tickets to events.
And obviously we have the purse we're playing for every week,
but the PIP is something to the player impact program
when it stands for is just to basically reward the guys
that are helping maybe grow the tour.
I don't know, just to make it better
and hopefully more not watchable, but just more popular.
And then I also heard something.
Wait, are they making the ball so it doesn't travel as far
yeah what are your thoughts on this dude i i don't really understand why why recreational
golfers like myself and biz are getting punished but i don't know your opinion on it oh it's even
me yeah we're gonna we're losing like 10 yards like we don't have yards to spare you're gonna
be hitting eight iron 75 yards soon do you think do you think people are going to start hoarding golf balls like the ones that are made now
not a bad idea you're on to something i want to get business with us jt
yeah well we'll talk we'll discuss that post uh post call here but yeah we could be onto something
yeah it's i'm not i'm not crazy about it i the reasoning of it i understand what they're saying
uh and the decision but i just i think that just i don't know how you guys feel or how
in terms of like hockey but in golf just the people that are playing golf now are completely
different than golf 20 years ago like there's legitimate athletes that are playing golf now
like people are working out way differently than they used to for golf or
they aren't,
they're just physically stronger and they know how to hit the ball further.
Like,
I just feel like,
I mean,
you look in bat,
like people are jumping higher and ask all like they're,
they're running faster in other sports.
Like it just,
people are understanding what technology nowadays,
just how to get more out of what they have.
And I kind of feel like that's just what happened,
has happened with golf,
but the USGA hates fun,
so they want to roll the ball back.
Yeah, so Biz, my analogy would be like
if in five to 10 years,
there's a lot of players as fast as McDavid,
where it's like, holy shit.
And the NHL was like,
all right, well, we're going to make skates heavier.
It's like you're punishing.
Put them in rent-a-skates.
You're punishing guys for becoming amazing at the craft that they're paid to do,
where it's like, well, just because I figured out how to get all this speed,
all of a sudden, it doesn't make sense to me.
Well, to be fair, when the PGA started, weren't they playing with rocks?
Like in Scotland?
Wasn't that how it was all created?
Yeah, the technology was slightly different back then as well.
Yeah.
What was the other thing I was going to mention?
Well, I got one more for you.
We've kept you a long time.
We appreciate it.
I have a shot in my mind of yours,
but I'm wondering the in my mind of yours,
but I'm wondering the best shot you've ever hit in a tour event.
So I would rebuttal in the sense of the best shot,
like the one that would be the hardest to recreate or the best.
The one that would be hardest to recreate the one you're like i just i just
fucking pulled that off holy shit the three what i hit in the u.s open aaron hills was was hands down
the i mean i could put down a thousand balls and not like every time i see that video i'm like what
the fuck like that doesn't i don't know how even even in the moment it just you kind of black out
sometimes when you get in those zones and in those modes.
It just was one of those that none of it makes sense.
I don't hit a three-wood close to that.
I know it was downwind.
I know I had adrenaline pumping,
but there's no reason for that ball to be able to fly that far
and somehow land soft enough to go there.
Yeah, so the three-wood on Saturday, 18 of the U.S. Open in 2017.
It was like 300 yards.
And the reason I really remember it is he had these pink Whitney pants on, bro.
He was rocking these pink pants with a little pink Whitney logo.
Nobody even knows that.
Sky high.
Shut up to us.
It was sick.
And then the other one that I thought was pretty sick, I don't know the yardage,
but the shot you hit to the 17th
hole at the players when it was like 50 mile
an hour in your face. And I think it's a
wedge, but you hit, what'd you hit, like six iron
or something? Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it was, I think
it was a back in that day
so it was probably 140
140
to 145 yards.
That would just be a,
normally just a wedge kind of just under the hole.
And it was, it was,
that was the windiest round of golfing I've ever played.
It was probably blowing at least 30,
30 and probably gutting up to 40,
maybe a little more.
And it was like, I just, I mean,
the nerves that you have on that,
that specific shot,
because when it was that windy,
you're like, if I don't get it on the green,
then I have to hit this shot again with no room for error.
And I just,
you could make a 15 realistically.
Exactly.
Yeah.
There's,
there's points in your mind where like,
I'm not,
I'm not going to finish this whole back.
There's this tournament.
This is it right here.
We're done.
I just,
I did.
I think I hit a seven or an hour.
I hit a six or seven.
And I think I did seven,
but I just choked down.
And I basically just kind of had this like window in my
head of a, just needs to kind of like stay under this tree line.
I almost like just chipping it out and I'm like,
just keep it underneath that and just get on grass as soon as possible.
And yeah, it was, I was very, very happy when that ball landed on, uh,
on grass.
Well, JT, we have this thing called the chicklets bump.
Sometimes guys come on or oftentimes guys come on
and all of a sudden they start popping off, right?
I think that you're going to win a Masters this year.
I think it's going to happen.
There we go.
And you're coming on after.
You're coming on after once you get it done.
I'll wear the jacket 100.
And just for fans of yours, what's your first event of the season?
Palm Springs.
It's the
third week of January.
I think it's AMEX.
I'm starting out in Palm Springs
in a handful of weeks.
I was going to invite him.
If he does win a Masters, you have to
come join us in a sandbagger.
We did this golf match in
halifax with sydney crosby and nathan mckinnon like it was the first golf video we ever did
we didn't know what it was going to be and i was playing lights out on the front nine jt i'd never
played so good in my life what i have like five pars on the front he was i think he was like three
over through eight holes like it was it was insane and mckinnon lost his mind he lost his mind he
started calling me a sandbagger so we called these the sandbagger invitational we just got done our
our 20th one with jeremy roenick and team usalani so maybe at some point in time we can get you for
a sandbagger but you have to pick a partner that's the only thing who would your partner be
in a sandbagger what did uh some do ifer, or do I pick an NHL guy?
Either.
The name Max Homo was coming to mind,
because you said you're buddies with him,
and we would love to get him.
Max would be good.
Max would be good, yeah.
We'd get 400 shots, two bits.
Perfect.
We'd be in a decent spot.
I can't wait.
We could make quadruple bogey for birdie in this match.
So I think that
that could be a good one.
It's called
Sam Beggars Cup
for a reason.
You guys are probably
going to win that match
before the board
even starts.
And we get buckled.
If you had to pick
a current NHL player,
who would you play?
Or even retired?
Who would be your guy
other than Sid
because he's already
played in one?
All right.
If I can go retired,
I want Brent Hull.
For sure.
We've been trying to get Hull for one.
Oh, yeah. So I played Troubadours in Nashville. You're there, right? Great spot. Yeah, it is. Yeah. I played some golf with Hull. Yeah, that would be entertaining in many ways. And he's good. So that's perfect.
He's the John Daly of hockey. That's the way I describe him.
perfect he's the john daly of hockey that's the way i describe him kelly chase used to work out there and when those two would get together the stories that they had were the funniest shit
because chase wrote up had the best impression of holly's little squeaky voice and he would just
kind of sit back there and laugh listen to what he was saying so that'd be good that's awesome
why we can't thank you enough this is awesome yeah. No, thank you guys for having me on.
Y'all keep it up.
Enjoy listening to you guys.
Have a great year.
Thanks so much.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at Game Time.
You should never have to worry when you're buying tickets
to your next big event.
Because Game Time is the fast and easy way
to buy tickets for all the sports music comedy and theater events near you you can browse the
game time app i do it every day man broen's playoffs are coming up celtics playoffs coming
up the stones are coming pearl jam's coming all kinds of concerts at great woods i am going to be
all over game time this summer love to see some shows some other things you want to see with game
time man they got last minute deals they have flash deals they have zone deals it's so easy all over Game Time this summer. Love to see some shows. Some other things you want to see with Game Time, man,
they got last-minute deals.
They have flash deals.
They have zone deals.
It's so easy to find and buy tickets
for every kind of event in the area,
no matter what it is.
Game Time has deals on tickets
right up to the start of the event as well,
even an hour after.
It's the place to find last-minute seats all the time.
You can find exclusive flash deals,
sponsored deals on tickets for football, basketball, baseball, concerts, comedy, theater, and more. And with zone deals,
you pick the section, GameTime picks the seats for an average of 18 savings. Unreal. And the
GameTime guarantee means you always get the best price. If you find tickets in the same section
and row for less, Game we'll credit you 110
of the difference. Like I said, man, summertime is coming soon enough. I know it's only March
right now. Boom. It's going to be here. Constant seasons. You're going to be all over game time.
You want to take the guesswork out of buying tickets with game time. So download the game
time app, create an account and use the code chicklets for 20 off your first purchase.
create an account and use the code chicklets for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply again,
create an account and redeem the code chicklets for 20 off your first purchase.
Download game time today.
Last minute tickets,
lowest price guaranteed.
A big thanks to Justin Thomas for jumping on us.
Enjoyed that little golf chat.
Always nice to get a little different personalities on here.
Biz, like you always say.
We're dropping a new vodka.
Muscle milk.
Muscle milk vodka collab.
Well, we want to send our best wishes to St. John Seadog's head coach,
Travis Crickard. He collapsed behind the bench during Saturday's game versus Cape.
Was it Cape Britain?
Cape Britain.
Cape Britain.
They suspended the game in the third period.
Fortunately, he was released from the hospital Sunday.
He was declared out of danger.
So I just want to wish him good tidings moving along to Travis.
Also, you guys, just to repeat what we said earlier,
Sandbagger coming Thursday night, 6 o'clock.
Can't wait to check that out.
The Oscars, you boys check any of the Oscars out?
I just saw some of the clips on there and the acceptance speeches.
Oppenheimer seemed to clean up quite a bit.
Is it Emma Stone?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
I love her.
She's kind of the new  who's the
Jennifer Lawrence?
No, no, no, no, no.
She's going to end up in the end being more of who's the woman that everybody always talks about.
Meryl Streep.
She's got two leading actress awards so far.
What was her other movie?
La La Land.
Maybe it was La La Land.
So she's got two best female actress, and she's 35 years old. And she's
just like, she's beloved.
She started off super bad too.
That's why I was asking Jeff.
I was like, didn't she start off super bad? That's such a
fucking come up.
Started from the bottom, now we're here.
Oppenheimer
deserved the best
picture though, right? Oh, 100.
Yeah. They had 13 nominations, won seven of them.
Picture, director, actor, support and actor, cinematography, editing, and score.
And I'll tell you, I thought Lily Gladstone was going to win best actress
from that, was it Killers of the Flower Moon there?
The score Stacey went about the Indians getting killed for the oil.
I thought she was definitely going to win.
And then I watched that Poor Things over the weekend,
the one that Emma Stone was in.
I was like, oh, boy.
I don't know if Lily Gladstone is going to win.
She was un-fucking-believable in that movie, Poor Things.
I don't know if you've heard about it.
It was up for Best Picture.
What's it about, R.A.?
Dude, it's so crazy.
This director, Yorgos Lanthimos, I don't know how you say his last name.
He makes the craziest fucking movies
Google his fucking
His filmography
He makes insane movies
She plays like a fucking girl
Who lives with a doctor
It's such a crazy plot
It plants a brain into her brain
And she's like a child
Even though she's an adult
I can't even explain it
It's a fucked up movie
You're doing a good job
They do it kind of.
He sounds horrible.
So Emma Stone gets a new brain, and it's the brain of a child.
It's put in her.
So she's a grown adult female, but yet she has the mind of a child.
Now, what does he have her doing?
Well, and he's doing it as like a science experiment.
Correct.
But then all of a sudden, she finds her libido, as you say.
And if anybody out else wanted to see
Emma Stone naked, this is the movie
you're probably going to want to watch. No shit. She's nude in this?
Oh yeah. Many times.
Yeah. Yeah. And? What do they call it?
Jumping like. She put one in her belly button?
You see
she probably must have blown out her bush
full bush because she shows that a few times.
I love a nice bush. It's all over the place.
But it's not, you know, I'm not even trying to like sexualize the movie,
but it's definitely a horny movie.
She's like this like, I don't want to say fucking the wrong word,
but a mutant or whatever it is.
And then she starts becoming like a woman and like starts getting horny
all the time.
And then she like runs off with a guy.
It's such a fucking crazy movie.
I can't wait to watch this movie and have basically nothing to do
with what you just said.
Dude, what do you think the director would say
about the recap
of that film?
But,
he'd probably be like,
spot on.
Trust me, dude.
This guy's movies
are so fucked up.
Anybody who's listening
to see the Yorgos Lanthimos,
however you fucking say
his name,
movie,
the craziest movie
this guy makes.
He would say spot on.
Did the movie
get good ratings?
Your review makes me
want to watch this
so fucking bad. It makes me want to watch this so fucking bad.
It makes me want to never watch a movie again.
I didn't even want to try to explain it.
I just been telling people to watch it.
All right.
If you want your next job, you should be doing like two minute review recaps on movies.
And then people can rotten tomatoes you on how much you matched it up to what the actual movie was.
This is like Siskel and ebert on meth you're both people um now the oppenheimer i was
on a flight my last cross crunchy one and i started it and i didn't get to finish it but
it obviously had a slower pace but anytime you add in good cinematography with great acting and a good
plot,
like I was not bored for one second.
Next time I go watch it,
I'll restart it from scratch.
That's how much I liked it.
And he would,
so he was,
was,
should he have won best actor of all the ones up for it?
Well,
Murphy.
Yes.
No,
a hundred percent.
Yeah.
Yeah.
A hundred percent.
Yeah.
I know,
I know there was a late buzz for Paul Giamatti and the holdovers.
And I'm a huge Giamatti fan, but there was no way he was going to win,
fucking beat Murphy for that.
I loved him in that wine movie.
Was it called Sideways?
Sideways.
Oh, yeah.
Great fucking movie.
That's a great movie.
I'm not drinking.
It's so good.
Fucking Merlot.
Yeah.
Dude, that movie did one of the pinot noir, man.
Nobody ever fucking heard of pinot noir before that movie, unless you're like a real wine freak that like created a whole industry for like one type of
wine man it really did say pinot noir again you know dude check out biz dog tooth the lobster
the killing of a sacred deer those the fucking yeah yorgos lanthimos movies they're the craziest
fucking movies okay i'm to check these out already.
Insane.
What a beauty.
Insane movies.
But anyways.
I did have one part that I forgot to mention on the pod.
So I actually got a text from McDonough, Ryan McDonough,
to throw a softball to him in our pregame interview
about that little bit of backstory to the sphere.
So they got the team trip canceled.
So remember that Ten fey band i was
talking about yeah uh tyson barry was like fuck it and he brought it to the locker room and then
he started the this beer called chili ones and they started doing the chili ones after every
win so since then they're 10-0-1 and the 10 face song before they go out or they while they're out
there from warm-up is what's kind of ignited the group and bond the group missing their musical experience. But here, here's the kicker. And I
didn't text him to tee this up. In the meantime, we invested as a group, me and five other buddies,
Ryan O'Reilly is one of them, Tyson Berry is another, I am, and then a couple of our Victoria
buddies to invest in this 10 Faye band. So we threw up a lob saying, what's kind of changed the mojo of the team?
And then he plugged them on the air.
So that was the sneaky banger a while ago.
So in the meantime, we've invested in this band called Tenfei.
So I thought that was pretty cool.
They ended up giving a shout out to the band that we've invested some money in.
And I've mentioned their sneaky bangers before.
The one I want you guys
to listen to now is that elodie track and the one that i had you guys listen to before there's two
albums they got going i know you guys are like oh this is such a shameless plug yans is just
punching his steering wheel right now fuck it fuck yeah from red deer what i can't have things i
enjoy and fucking no i'm just saying remember I think when you gave out the original Sneaky Banger, he was like, what was that?
He hated the song, but you know how many compliments
I got about it?
The original tune I pumped was super rich.
Now, if you like the tune, go to Yanz's Instagram
and give him the fuck you emoji to tell him to shut the hell up
and stop being so goddamn critical.
Isn't he the other one who's getting on me about saying
the word silly, or is that just you?
I think I got on
you for that. I think he was getting on you
for the thank yous you give out.
But you're a nice guy.
You know what, G? Do me a favor. At the end of the
show, play the song Elodie by
them and I'm sure they'll be fine with you
getting clearance from it
because they're independent. Well, actually,
sorry, they're owned now, or at least partly.
Get to work.
Get back in the studio.
The best part of that story for you was the fact that you were able
to be given a question to be asked McDonald
because I know when you're interviewing a player
and they tell you what to ask, you're like, thank God.
I don't have to think of anything.
Exactly, because sometimes I could fall off a cliff with those.
So shout out to the National Predators,
10-0-1 stretch, and to the Tenfei band who has been getting them
and their mojo back, you're welcome.
All right, boys.
We had a nice conversation with Kelly Chase a little earlier.
We're going to send it over to that right now.
He's a big announcement, too.
So, without further ado, enjoy Chase.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our good friends at Body Armor. This episode is brought to you by Body Armor Zero Sugar. The brand new Zero Sugar Sport Drink from our friends at Body Armor provides
real hydration with no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes. Whether you're looking to just stay hydrated,
recovering from a long weekend, a late night,
maybe recording a podcast late,
Bodyama Zero Sugar has got you covered
with great taste and flavors like Fruit Punch and Lemon Lime.
Take a little swig right now.
Oh, yeah.
Helped me for my late night last night, recording the podcast.
You know what?
They're a huge part of Apostola right now.
We love Body Armor.
They even got the PMT guys all over it, too.
New commercial.
Check that out.
But you know what?
Body Armor, zero sugar.
It's available in stores nationwide.
You can also head over to the Body Armor store at Amazon and get yours today.
Body Armor, zero sugar.
Get on it.
Ho, ho.
the Amazon and get yours today.
Body armor, zero sugar.
Get on it.
Ho, ho.
Well, it's been way too long since we've had this legendary tough guy on the show.
In his 11-year career, he made a living out of protecting his teammates, and he's currently kicking the ass of his toughest opponent yet.
It's a great time to welcome back to the Spittin' Chickens podcast, Kelly Chase.
Chase, how you feeling, buddy?
I feel pretty good.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'm pretty lucky.
Got a great group of great support staff, and I got great doctors, and I had a little
setback health-wise, but that's just going to be a story here in a couple months and
be behind us.
Well, Chase, I'll hop in.
I mean, obviously, some horrible news.
Now, you were diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia.
Yeah.
I mean, obviously obviously terrible, buddy.
You're in the fight for your life right now.
You're handling it like an absolute G.
You're still doing tons of stuff behind the scenes
to raise money for charity.
Now, what exactly does this disease do?
Like what does it attack and how are you battling it?
Yeah, it's a blood disease.
So, you know, and it's in your bones as well.
And so for me, it was a chromosome that kept So, uh, you know, and, and, and it's in your bones as well. And you,
so for me, it was a chromosome that kept multiplying itself and it wouldn't let me heal. So I was getting these inflammations and he's, you know, it's like, they're telling you,
you got gout and you're like, what the hell's gout? And then while it's painful as hell,
you know, you got it, it's in your foot, then it's in your knee. And they're like,
man, this is no quality of life. And I'm taking these pills for it and it's not getting better.
And then I have a tooth implant. That's implant that's not the infection is not healing. And they've given me
this antibiotic and it's not working. And got a really smart doctor. I went to her and Trish
Herbert and she said, Hey, I'm going to do blood work and try and find out what the hell's wrong
with you. And, and, um, that was on a Friday. And on Monday she was telling me not to get in the
dentist chair, have oral surgery. She wasn't telling me she was telling me not to get in the dentist chair,
have oral surgery.
She wasn't telling me she was texting me.
So I was of course already there and I just, you know, talking to the surgeon, he's like,
no, we're doing this, getting it, you know?
So back and forth and I asked her to call me, she's on a plane.
And so what happened was, is we ended up in a situation where I just had surgery done.
And then she, as soon as I got out of the chair, she had landed in St.
Louis and said, get the hell over to the Siteman's Cancer Institute. I'm like, what am I going there
for? And then I went there, got some tests done an hour and a half later. The doctor basically
came in and said, listen, my name's Ramsey Abood. He goes, you think you got gout? And I said, no.
a boo do you think you got uh uh gout and i said no and he said uh and i thought well this prostate thing i added some deal dealing with my prostate uh which you know kind of everyone
should have checked and i thought oh maybe that's what it is and uh he goes you don't have gout
and he goes uh you have acute myeloid you know leukemia and AML, it's aggressive. It's another way of saying you
have aggressive leukemia. And I'm going to be honest with you. I don't have a clue who you are.
I don't know who you are. I don't know anything about Aki I've heard. These two doctors right
here seem to think you're the toughest guy to walk the soil of St. Louis. So I have 20 people
on the other side of this wall that are professionals and they're
concerned for you. So that means I need to make you better and I'm going to make you better.
You okay with that? And I said, yep. And he goes, and I'm just sitting there dumbfounded at that
point because I go leukemia. And he goes, yeah. I go, how the hell did I get that? What happened?
He goes, you drew a bad card, bud. He goes, here's the deal. I'm going to make you... And he goes, yeah. I go, how the hell did I get that? Like what happened? And he goes, you drew a bad card, bud. He goes, here's the deal.
I'm going to make you.
And he goes, let's, let's make a plan.
And, you know, went through it and then asked me if I would want to call anyone.
I said, no.
So I see you're married.
You don't want to call your wife.
I said, no.
I said, you know, I'll make a plan.
She was out of town.
I said, let's just, um, make a plan and we'll figure it out.
And, uh, and he went through everything with me. And then he just kind of
talked to me about, about odds and just said like, do you want to just like, here's the statistics.
Do you want to hear the statistics? I said, no, I said, there's winning teams and losing teams.
Right. And he goes, yeah, I go, well, get me on the right fucking team. I want to be on the
winning team. So let's get winning. And he goes, okay, I like the way you're thinking. I have a
trial drug. I'd like you to try. He talked to me about that a little bit. And I said, okay, if you think that's what we should do, I mean, I'm in your hands now.
So like, let's do that. And then he said, statistics wise, I said, stop, I'll give you
a statistic. 4,000 guys played one game or more in 120 years in the NHL. I go, if you have a
statistic, there's no fucking way that I can't beat this because there's no way I should have played in the NHL. So you can keep that. I don't care about any of that shit. We're going to get better. And since that day on, we've been working at getting better and they got it in remission. happened to one of you guys you i'm telling you i know this would happen you would you would wake
up 10 days later in the state i was in and you wouldn't you would not freaking believe how many
people reached out you wouldn't believe the people that reached out to you that you said that guy
doesn't like me because i was a dick to him on the ice or that i told that guy this or i said this
about this guy on spin chicklets you wouldn't believe how many guys will call you
and you're gonna go there's oh fuck someone's playing a joke on me chris draper did not text
me i was an asshole to chris draper but you know what he did and he gives a shit and you know might
not hear from his winger but but but the other side of it honestly like the guys that reached
out to people,
you couldn't write them all fucking down with,
you couldn't write them down.
You,
you,
you,
you,
you don't have the time or energy to get back to everybody.
That's just amazing to hear like your attitude.
No surprise at all.
When hearing that,
that tough news and how you approached it all.
And,
and the most amazing thing,
actually,
it wasn't even that surprising,
but still amazed me was when we talked to Glenn Healy at the All-Star game.
He mentioned that he went over and saw he's like he's got an exercise bike in there with him.
Like, was that just kind of how you approach it?
I'm going to keep working out.
I'm going to do whatever I can to stay active during this.
Well, it's funny because I've been getting a lot of grief from guys saying you took a Peloton in there.
And I said, yeah, you didn't work out that much when you fucking played.
Now you're taking a Peloton.
You'd have worked out that hard when you played you to play three years long but uh but i actually i i'd read this uh i read lance armstrong's book and i just i i actually have
a friend that's really tight with him and i talked to him on the phone and uh and i just said he goes
no i wrote it just because that's what i did he He goes, I didn't ride it for any reasons, but I thought it would move the, it would move the can't chemo
and stuff around in me. And I wanted to keep busy. So I made a deal with the doctor. Um,
and I said, listen, I mean, he goes, you're not going to, you'll be sleeping under that thing in
three days. I go, we'll see. So now, you know, you know how we are. And we're, and you know,
what's great about my doctor is he's like, they're not the norm.
Leave them alone.
Leave these guys alone.
Because if you went in the hospital and you walked down the hallway, you'd feel sorry for people.
You guys have been going in the hospital your whole fucking lives trying to help people,
right?
And you'd look in that room and go, I got to go in and talk to that young girl.
I'm going to go in and talk to that guy.
That guy's struggling.
But you don't put yourself in that predicament.
And I didn't when I was in there because I was looking at people going, fuck, this poor
bastard's sick. And I didn't realize how sick I was, but I was
like, oh, but I'm going to ride the bike. Okay. Well, they tell me, well, you're going to be
sleeping under it. Okay. So I did a hundred pushups a day. Sometimes it would take me all day.
I would do a hundred sit-ups and again, your body exhausts, right? I try and walk seven miles in the hospital and I would ride at least 30 minutes a day. So I did that 24 days in a row and I made a deal with
the doctor. I said, listen, if I do this and I get my count back, I want to get the fuck out of here.
I don't want to be in here. I can't take it. Like, just let me get the hell out of here.
And so we made a deal and he had a little shortfall and he's ended the deal by two days
and I was pissed off.
And I don't know if you guys have heard that story about twister, but, um, there's, there's
very few 3am guys.
And you know, you hear your buddies go, all right, 3am.
That's who I call.
He's coming until his wife says, get the hell back in bed.
The police are there.
Right.
Then the guy's not coming anymore.
Tony Twist, he's coming.
And I had two days where my doctor was at a seminar
and he didn't show up.
And my numbers were there
and I'm ready to get the fuck out of there.
And I have a complete breakdown in the shower at 11 at night
and I can hyperventilate and crying,
and I make the real strong decision, call Tony Twist.
Okay, that's a fucking real, you're thinking through shit right now, okay?
So I call my buddy, and all he says, you know,
you've seen in a town where Ben Affleck says,
listen, I'm going to ask you to do something.
We can never talk about it again.
We're going to hurt some people.
And Remy goes, whose car are we taking?
Well, I call Twister and I tell him the exact same thing.
Okay.
And all he says to me is, first he says, are you okay?
When I call, because he can tell I'm rattled.
I'm fucked up.
And I go, no, you got to get me the hell out of here.
And he goes, what?
And I go, get me out of here right fucking now. Like, get me out of here. I'm fucked up. And I go, no, you got to get me the hell out of here. And he goes, what?
And I go, get me out of here right now. Like, get me out of here. I'm losing it. He goes,
all he says is, are you hooked up to anything? And I said, no. He goes, I'll be there in 25 minutes.
I fucking think it through a bit and go, this is not the best idea. Now this is going to go out and people are going to go, what the fuck happened at that hospital? But I tell them, you want to ask me something, Biz?
No, no.
I'm just, I'm laughing.
I'm just loving your, your, your optimistic approach, Chaser.
I think people are, are, are going to absolutely love this.
I was going to ask you, but you kind of answered the question already like throughout this process and how positive you've been like how many points of vulnerability when
you would break down because when you obviously when you first talk to the doctors they probably
get different reactions from different people but obviously you being you you were like no let's
fucking go baby i'm going right at this but you know you have your you have it must have been i
had one i had one of them with, with twister.
Like, right.
So I think it's through and I call him back and I said, where are you?
He goes, I'm 15 minutes.
I said, don't come here tonight.
Come tomorrow morning.
Right after they see me, they're not going to notice till shift change at four.
So fucking don't come in here till after I see the doctor, get me out of here.
He goes, what do I need to bring? I said, two hockey bags and a truck. Cause I got this fucking Pel come in here until after I see the doctor, get me out of here. He goes, what do I need to bring?
I said,
two hockey bags and a truck.
Cause I got this fucking Peloton in here and I need you to haul this
Peloton.
Now twist on St.
Louis windshield repair company.
And he's a hardworking team of guys,
crew of people,
smart business guys.
I always say this about Twister and he chuckles that I say it,
but Tony twist is classic player of the year a
couple times okay in the western league and he's smart enough to run a bank he'd rather rob it
sometimes i think this is working personality okay so i love the guy but you you gotta kind
of know twister a little bit and he's the best and he's and he's a 3am guy so i he goes all right so sure shit in the morning he shows up got a little little uh
deal the role of you know the janitor deal the look all yeah he's gonna get everything out of
there and he's got the you know the he's looking like he belongs in that in the janitor outfit
and uh he's taking me out of there we pack up the two hockey bags because they brought christmas
tree in there that I've
packed down now.
And they think I'm going to be in there for Christmas.
So I'm like, fuck that.
I can't stay here any longer.
I got everything.
You know, people have sent stuff.
I got it into hockey bags.
He goes, let's okay.
And he gives me the card to go in the elevator.
And he goes, you go down the employee elevator.
You walk down past the coffee shop.
He goes, go up the escalator.
He goes, you see now on on it we're on the eighth
floor he goes you see an emergency right there and i look in the loop and there's a truck parked
there with a fucking uh with a hoist a hoist down on the on the ground and and the pylons and the
and the flashers going and he says that's my truck that's that's it's the same as when she'll
repair service truck he says we'll get that bike on that thing. I was, I know how I'm going to get this fucking bike out of here,
but get a sheet for the bike.
I'm,
and I go,
the doctor,
the doctor's not been here yet.
He goes,
don't get a sheet.
I'm taking this shit out of here.
Go down and get in the truck.
And I go,
the doc's not been here.
I've got to wait.
So he goes down,
he takes my hockey bags or takes the hockey bags.
He takes my stuff and he comes back and he's in the room.
And my doctor shows up who hasn't been there for a few days. My, my guy walks in the room. He takes my stuff and he comes back and he's in the room and my
doctor shows up who hasn't been there for a few days. My guy walks in the room. He goes, Hey,
what's going on? And I'm like, what's going on? You fucking can't keep your word. That's what's
going on. You fucking told me that I could get out of here. I should have been out of here two
fucking days ago. I go and I'm pissed off. And I said, I want to get out of here. This is, and I'm,
and I'm serious. Like I'm having one of those moments you're talking about emotionally like i'm i'm gonna have a meltdown and they call it
chemo fog or chemo brain what the fuck i'm having but i'm you know i'm not and he looks over and he
sees tony and twister's just standing there with his beanie on all big and tough mean looking as
hell and he goes how you doing and he goes ramsey bud and twister nod as hell. And he goes, how you doing? And he goes, Ramsey Boatman.
Twister nods his head and he goes, you a hockey player? Twister goes, nope. And he, of course,
he says, listen, I'm going to, and he looks over at me and goes, I'm going to get you out of here today. I'm going to discharge you today. I go, but are you though? He goes, yeah, I am. I'm like,
are you? And he goes, yeah, I'm going to just, are you good with that?
And I go, yeah, I'm good with it.
And he looks over, he goes, Tony, you good with that?
He points to Twister, he goes, you good with that?
And Twister goes, oh, I fucking knew he was leaving today.
I didn't know how we were getting this fucking bike out of here,
but I knew he was leaving.
I was going to discharge.
Yeah, he took the bike and just walked out, Twister did,
because now my family can come and get me because he's discharging me, right?
So Twister fucking got the bike and everything out of there.
And on the 20th, so I went home on the 22nd.
On the 27th, I went in for a bone biopsy.
I was not supposed to get out until the 5th of January and not supposed to go in for my second round until February.
So basically, we're a month ahead. All right. And Twister, um, he's kind of been around a little bit. My wife's kind of,
she doesn't know what's going on because, because him trying to get me out of there.
And I'm in this biopsy come in and he says, listen, we're going to, when do you want to
start second round? I said, right now. He goes he goes i knew you're gonna say that you can't start right now and i'm bed available but we get
you and we'll end up getting me in january one but i come in the room after my vitals and i can
tell he's something's wrong and go what's up and he goes we're gonna let you out we're gonna make
you an outpatient you seven days of chemo we'll just make you an outpatient he goes no no blood
cells no immune system no you know no white count no platelets but he goes and i go okay and he goes no no blood cells no immune system no you know no white count no platelets but
he goes and i go okay and he goes right because i mean that makes sense like fuck he goes you'll
just get the big guy and he'll take you out of there and i realize he's telling my wife
fucking and i love this doctor right and i'm like this motherfucker so i i look at him i go really
and he hate and my wife gets starts hitting me like
yeah you can come out you can stay with twists that's where you'll live because you're not
you're not moving and it starts this shit starts right and i'm like so anyway to wrap a bow on it
i i have to agree that i'm going to stay in the hospital but but i look at him and i said hey one
thing i can tell you about your doctor seminar you were on the next time you're at one you get
all the doctors gathered around before the end of the seminar.
And you explain to them, you might think that's hockey.
Because as he says to me, you don't have the flu.
You've got fucking leukemia.
Like, you're not going home.
And I said, well, one thing you can get the doctors around and all agree on.
One thing about hockey players, you might think we're fucked up.
But we don't run home and tell our wives everything.
Okay?
So you don't need to fucking run and tell them.
And he's rattled. He's rattled at me right because she needed to know and she's giving it to the doctor oh yeah you got to get your win somehow eh oh my god you gotta you gotta get your win
it's called a draw so you mentioned that right now is the fourth round and this is the first
time you're really dealing with the nausea that's that's that's tough like is there a number of rounds you're hoping would be the last one like what's
the info for that fifth round is my last one and if it's okay for a mission then we just go on and
it's just a story it's behind us guys yep next year you know i'll collect something else maybe
it'll be diabetes or something i don't know what the hell chaser like the one thing about you man
is like your wheels never stopped spinning.
So in the midst of not only like training for a fucking ultra marathon while
battling leukemia,
I wasn't doing that.
Well,
I was barely moving the pedals,
but you've also been organizing a way to raise money for charity and for
cancer research.
And I want you to talk about that.
And like,
it's just a Testament to who you are,
man.
The fact that you're dealing with what you're dealing with and yet you're still thinking of others you've always been that guy you do an
incredible job for the alumni not only just st louis but the entire nhl you're an og buddy so
what's going on you got something going on with garth brooks now yeah you know what there's the
announcement uh what well so so so here's the deal so so what we got is, let me just back up a little bit.
So we have our chapter presidents meetings.
I'm the chairman of the NHL Alumni Association.
I know you had heels on.
And we're pretty proud of what we built with the Alumni Association.
You guys did a hell of a job of interviewing heels and figure it out.
Because I think there's a lot of alumni that don't even know we have an Alumni Association.
And they don't even know how to get a hold of guys.
And they don't know how to reach out for help. And there's a lot of guys that fucking need it. Okay. So that's just the first thing. So we're having our chapter presidents
meetings in St. Louis. And I said, and then they asked me, Hey, would you be interested in, you
know, doing this bike ride? And I'm thinking, you know, bike ride for charity, it's already
organized. And I said, you know, maybe we just do our own event. What I wanted to do was I wanted to get my doctor an opportunity to plug money in research
that was missing. I wanted to make sure, look, I know all of this stuff has to happen as a
collaboration, but I don't want to build a fucking parking garage. I wanted to go to research. Like
this guy could possibly have saved my life. And I want say thank you but i also want to say look at you know because because
as hockey players we're we're a mile wide and an inch deep every time someone fucking asks us for
something you guys do it all the time we fucking go running and we we kiss the baby and then we
walk out but we never really know what the hell the baby's sick from.
Or sometimes we do, but we don't really, we don't dig in.
But what a platform.
So now I got this platform.
I'm like, okay, I got to think about this.
So sometimes you have good ideas and we're shitty at monetizing.
So I go, I'm going to do this.
Well, four days into my, I go, I'm going to try and do this event.
So I'm going to tell you guys this first of four days into my treatment, I get a call from a guy that I think is as tough as anybody to play.
Certainly as mentally tough as anybody played. And it's Darren Kimball. And he says to me,
Hey, listen, uh, I want to talk to you a little bit. And he's kind of emotional. I'm like,
how you doing buddy? And I go, good and you know i go i'm gonna be
all right you know he's talking to me about it and he goes he goes i gotta be honest with you
he goes i got leukemia and i've told nobody and that's why i didn't show up for the parade
uh in 19 so this fucking guy is get dealing with leukemia like i am. And he's doing it with his family, three people,
three other people that know. And I'm like, dude, you're like, first of all, the whole fucking league
would be there to support you and help you. And it's not his style. Okay. But I finally have
convinced him. The reason I'm telling you guys on this show is because he's going to be a part of
this event. But I'm like, Kimby, you can't do this by yourself. Like, and he's been battling like a motherfucker and he's so damn tough and
stubborn.
And I'm like,
dude,
you got to tell people because we can help people.
What if you're,
what if someone in your family gets it?
And we could have plugged the hole with some of this money.
Like we,
I need you.
Like I need you.
And then we see Tony Granato,
you know,
Maz,
uh,
Troy Murray's suffering from a different type of cancer
but he's you know got cancer and and and so he'll be a part of it brian boyle with the leukemia will
be there you see these guys and you're like this was big these are big tough fucking guys
you played against tony granato and didn't get fucking slashed he was sick okay because in and
kimball like it doesn't pick and choose who it gets.
So so Kimby now is a part of it.
And hopefully his daughter London sings the anthem.
But this guy's tough as anybody that ever fucking played.
And here he's been suffering by himself.
So I'm like, OK, now we're doing this thing.
So we started thinking about how we could do it.
Well, we always have these charity games.
We've got a great college rink where our practice facility is.
So I started thinking,
well, what can we do to make it a little bit better? So chapter president's meetings are on,
let's ask a bunch of those guys. Cause that'll give it a different flavor of guys that are going to be at the event, right? Adam Graves will be there. So you start phoning Kimby's buddies,
Shelly's coming. Eddie Belfort's going to play defense. They'll boo the piss out of those two
guys in St. Louis. It'll be great.
You know, and it'll be like, it'll be a fun event.
Well, then I call D.B. Sweeney and Dave Coulier,
who are always playing these games, you know,
that are kind of like the Hollywood guys that kind of want to play.
And then I started thinking about it.
And Trevor Rosen plays in Old Dominion, the band.
I asked Trev, Trev, you want to come play?
He's like, are you sure?
I go, absolutely. Then I called Dier, Trev, you want to come play? He's like, are you sure? I go,
absolutely. Then I called Dierks Bentley. Dierks is going to play. So then you start getting guys
coming in. And then I started calling a bunch of our friends and saying, I just want my buddies
there. Best coach I ever had in the NHL, Joel Quenville. He's been in hiding. I said, Q,
I need you to come in for this. He goes, all right, I wouldn't miss it. He's coming in.
So then I've been on Gretz's ass and Hully's coming again.
So that's one bench.
Then you start calling other people and saying, and hey, I want someone.
Sean Payton, as you know from Gosser there,
coach says, and now here's the scoop on him.
The fucking guy's gone out and got eight sessions of ice
and he wants to play in the game.
Okay, so he's trying to skate right now so he can play he's cramming and you gotta get him on your
peloton program get him in shape the guy's got a bit of a belly i think he's gonna i think he's
gonna take warm-up and then he's gonna figure it out but it's gonna be gret or it's gonna be
granado peyton and garth brooks on that bench so gar And, uh, so, so we'll have the, the, the Pipers in,
uh, from Canada, the three top Pipers and, and heels that'll pipe the guys in when we do the
introductions to start the game, we'll do, uh, we'll have a halftime show. Um, uh, Trevor Rosen
will sing, uh, a song. Dierks is going to sing one song.
Garth's going to be up in the VIP room after the game.
He's going to do a meet and greet with everybody in the whole VIP area.
We've got tickets for that.
You're going to have all the great stars that are there.
And we're going to have like 80 guys there.
I think if I looked at the list, we have 40-some guys or 48 guys or whatever it is here.
The guys that are in town and can make it uh we'll be here obviously and then we'll have another 40 from out of town at least 40 from out
of town so we have packaging and swag and everything i'm sure you guys are going to send
shit uh swag and everything for 100 guys uh in the alumni because they're coming in and we just
it's going to be a and we'll just have a party. Craig Neenhouse, of course, Neener that plays at all our events,
will be singing and he'll be kind of the house band and playing.
He'll be down on the ice singing both Amazing Grace and Hallelujah with the Pipers when they do it.
And they'll do that three and a half minute video that Healy has that Springsteen allowed us to do.
No Surrender, No Ret retreat with the video of the
guys from the forties right till now. And it's, it's pretty cool. So it's going to be a, it'll
be a fun time. And listen, we're the, the, the objective here is that, you know, try and raise
a half a million or more dollars and help these guys, not just help people like me because they've
already helped me, but fucking who knows who,
who like it's going to affect somebody.
It's just a matter of,
you know,
when it gets you.
And so for me,
like I said,
I've always just tried to help as many people as I could.
And I'm fortunate to have that platform,
but I don't think I dug in as deep as I have in this deal because obviously
it's more personal.
So the chase family will be part of the donation
factor as well. Chase, that's
unbelievable. Yeah, I was going to ask, what's the date
of this? And we'd love to not only send merch, but
maybe for the ladies in attendance, we'll
send a full day of R.A. being
a maid. We'll put him in a maid outfit. He'll
clean their entire house. Get the
little duster. French maid.
Put the nipple clamps on him. Get the duster
out. I think that would go for quite a few bucks.
What do you think, Rear?
Probably 15, 20 bucks maybe.
I don't know.
We're not going to show anything if I'm doing that.
Yeah, right.
You've never been to St. Louis.
Me and Whit went there on a PTO to camp, buddy.
Those girls would love you in town.
Hey, not only that, there's a whole bunch of guys that are bringing their wives that
would love to have them off there.
They'd pay for
that shit it's it's it's april 5th is the game at seven o'clock at 17 which is our practice facility
and uh and listen i mean it's gonna be fun i look i i just first of all i just love seeing the guys
around like you get holly around you know oh my god fuck you can't even pass like
fuck when you start hearing that shit again and you you just can't help but laugh and i was telling
this story the other day about how we were laughing because the last time gretz had his fantasy camp
was like the last time i was on the bench with holly well i guess no that's not true the outdoor
game was but but he had uh he was, Carbino was the centerman.
And Carbo gunned a pass across the ice.
And it skipped just before it got to Hull.
He hit him right in the boot.
Okay.
And he just turned around.
He come to the bench.
Didn't act like it hurt or nothing.
And he says, Sparky.
Because, you know, all the oiler guys are there.
And Sparky's there.
He goes, Sparky, could you fucking get a 916 wrench for fucking CarboStick
and have him adjust that fucking thing?
The entire bench is dying laughing.
It's just the constant bitching.
So I'm looking forward to seeing guys I haven't seen for a long time
and listening to stuff like that.
Well, I was going to say Dierks Bentley.
Dierks Bentley is probably a confident guy,
but give him one shift with Holly and talk to him after.
Oh, yeah.
Sitting there like this.
Yeah.
Never sing again.
He'll be playing school gymnasiums moving forward.
Have you guys heard the story about when Twister got called up and Holly
with the jersey?
This is this is he they put Twister on left wing.
He's a left defenseman.
He catches a pass at the red line.
He takes two steps.
He goes to dump it in and he, it catches in the spoon and it goes straight up in the fucking air.
He takes off.
I've never seen it before.
I've seen it again.
He put himself offside.
It went straight up in the fucking air and it landed behind him.
Okay.
And Holly's on the bench and he looks at Bob Barry and goes, Bob, who the fuck gave that
guy a Jersey?
Okay.
Now that guy, instead of just fucking, you know, and then in the game, Twister proceeds
to grab ahold of somebody and just pound the living shit out of him.
And Holly turns around and goes, Bob, nevermind.
Hey, so as I, I kind of view a holler as like a NHL's John Daly.
I don't know if you think that's a fair comparison, but Wayne was telling me that he's one of
the smartest guys going where he would do the, he would say he would do the hardest crosswords in like four minutes where everybody else would be trying to team up to get them done.
So his brain is just three steps ahead at all times.
A hundred percent.
He would do the USA today crossword.
Okay.
So they would put it in.
First of all, Brett Hull is the most flexible athlete I've been around.
Okay. To this right now,
Hull, he just lays his palms of his hands, even with the belly down on the floor.
Splits? In the splits?
Oh, he could do that. So he laid in the splits position in the locker room,
big tall coffee. Okay. Big tall coffee and the USA Today crossword. And he would go against
the whole coaching staff on the USA Today, Crossword.
And on the weekends, on the weekends, he would get the New York Times.
Okay.
And just like, he's brilliant.
First of all, he's brilliant.
Okay.
And, and so like those guys and he, they couldn't beat him.
And it was hilarious.
And he just walk in and throw it on their desk.
Like just walk in, you know, pitch it on the coach's desk time and just walk out of the,
you know,
and we used to laugh about it.
Right.
And,
and I think at times they would fucking really like they would come in to
check to see if we,
if there was people,
guys helping them.
And aside from Doug Crossman,
there was no one on that fucking team that was going to help her at all.
Maybe twister,
but I mean,
Garth butchercher, me,
the Sutters, we're not helping them with the fucking
USA Today crossword, okay?
So he would just come in
and toss it on the coach's desk and he would
smoke them every time.
He's a really bright guy.
What would you say is Holler's most
legendary story? We hear about how
he served a too many men penalty
and he told, was it Keenan that he didn't want to.
And yet he still got.
I don't serve penalties.
Yeah.
I've heard guys tell a version of that,
but it,
but I'm telling you,
it was,
I don't serve penalties,
uh,
in LA when he scored.
And I'm sure you guys have heard,
have you heard that one where he,
he scored in LA?
It's actually,
uh,
um,
it's in,
uh,
uh, a book. Someone wrote it up at, uh, who wrote the book beauties who wrote the book on TSN. Oh, it was a James Duffy. Yeah. So Duff phoned me about,
he goes, did this happen? I'm going to get happened. And then he looked it up and he's
like, I'll be God damn. But what it was was we were playing in LA and at the end of the game, Holly didn't go on the ice.
Cause he was a defensive liability.
And which,
if you look at his stats,
I think he had 72 one year and he was minus two.
Okay.
So kind of was like,
you know,
where you can't score 72 or 86.
It'd be minus two,
whatever it was.
He was minus two that year.
So anyways,
Brian wouldn't put him on the ice and they scored a tie it up late la and he just jumped over the boards and so sutter sent out
bass and valerie and sutter brian was coaching richie was playing and holly wouldn't come off
the ice so gararski goes hey one of you fucking guys get off the ice you're gonna give you too
many men on the ice penalty and uh so finally and holly won't turn around the whole bench is screaming
at holly and he goes richie fuck off and so richie sutter finally just turns around and goes off the
ice because holly's told him like you know you're just get off the ice you're like so poor richie
is just doing what he's told and um off the ice he goes ho's doing loops. Cujo's got to make four saves.
And the puck springs out on the left wall.
Hulley goes down the left wall, kind of cuts in.
I want to say it was Bodger.
Could have been Galley.
Just kind of cuts in and rips one.
Kelly Rudy, I think, is an off-glove left-handed.
And it just beats him high stick.
Like, he thinks it's going glove, and it's in.
And there's like,
I'm not kidding you.
Like there's seconds left in the game,
13 seconds left in the game.
And he doesn't even let anybody congratulate him. He just fucking peels off after it goes in,
comes right to the bench,
slide stock into the bench and goes,
fuck,
like we're playing overtime in LA.
Right to the club, Right to the club.
Right to the club, no shower.
Oh yeah, right to the forum club.
And I'm telling you,
the whole bench is like,
Dave Tomlinson,
the reason I knew how for Duffy
to find the story was,
I said, listen, man,
I don't know the date.
I can't tell you the year,
but Dave Tomlinson had 100 games in in NHL and most of them were Boston.
And I go,
if,
if he's in LA playing,
it happened that game.
Cause he was sitting beside me and he kept saying to me,
are you fucking kidding me?
Are you kidding me?
Does this happen often?
Are you kidding me?
And he just,
and I started laughing.
I just said,
man,
it happens a lot like shit like that.
And I'll tell you one. I told it the other day and he was laughing and I leaned over
at Chelios's retirement.
I don't, I don't, I'll tell the story is, uh, we were in, we were in, uh, uh, Montreal
and there was a, there was an article in the newspaper and it showed, it showed, uh, Patrick
and it showed Holly and it was basically in french
the showdown a shootout or showdown so it's in both papers and it was basically hall against
patrick waugh and holly was scoring all the goals and patty was you know having a hell of a year
so we came into town early so you know we practice and what do we do after, after practice, right? We go to the Chapre. So we go to the Chapre and anyway,
guys leave there and they go, uh, uh,
they go do whatever. Anyway, I went to Barbie barn that night. You know,
we all, you know how you heard about it. You had to go to Barbie barn up there.
You don't know you go to places, you know, you can afford anything now,
but it was this barbecue place. They used to send all the players.
So we go there.
I get back to the room and I'm rooming with them.
I room with them for seven and a half years.
So this shit is like, you're used to it.
I'm used to this.
Right.
And Ron Wilson calls my room and he says, Hey, you got to go get the big guy.
And I go, what?
He goes, you got to go get them.
And I go, and it's, we got 11 o'clock curfew and it's 10 to 11.
I go, where is he? He he goes he's still at the shade so i go fuck so i get out of i get out of bed and i go i go down you know it's two blocks from that sheridan or whatever the hell is right there
we you know so i go two blocks two. I go down. I go in there.
And Hully, hey, what's up, buddy?
You know, he's in a great mood.
But now it's the local locals because the players have left.
So now it's these hangers on.
And I'm like shooing them away and getting rid of these guys.
I go, come on, we got to go.
He's like, come on, sit down for one.
I'm like, nope, come on, we got to go.
So finally, I get him to go. He bitches, complains the whole way out of the place doesn't say anything to me go back upstairs pissed off brushes his teeth goes to bed goes out the next game we're winning like four or five one
in the first period and he's got three and he wouldn't shoot he wouldn't shoot anymore you
wouldn't score more than three goals in a game because he didn't he goes i don't need these assholes shadowing me like they did my old
man so if he scored three fucking shuttered out he wouldn't shoot in the net anymore wouldn't
score an empty net goal fucking it was unbelievable he did he should have another 50 okay and so he
goes so i'm fucking saying i can see him at the end of the first period standing by the boards
wait like waiting and he usually just goes off the ice and i'm like what the fuck see him at the end of the first period standing by the boards, wait, like waiting.
And he usually just goes off the ice and I'm like,
what the fuck?
So I'm the last guy off the ice.
I'm coming across.
I come across the old forum.
I get to the door.
He goes,
I fucking told you we should have stayed.
There was no reason to leave.
This French guy can't stop me.
He just scored three and he's still thinking about you pulling him out of the strip club.
I should have had another hour there.
You are a different specimen if that is what's in your brain in an NHL game after you just put three up for the first.
Yeah, maybe not.
Maybe, fuck, I went home and got some sleep and maybe that's why I got three.
No, thank you.
No, thank you.
Yeah, we still have 40 minutes to play. Oh, my God. Oh, thank you. That's not what he's thinking. Yeah, we still have 40 minutes to play.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
It never ends.
He's the best.
Oh, no, he's the best, man.
The shit, I used to laugh at him sometimes.
And, you know, he could piss you off, too,
because he was tough on people.
And he, you know, and, but he, but I'll tell you what,
when he, you never, you never,
ever,
ever.
And you can watch it on any playoff game that he's ever played in.
Look at his playoff points.
First of all,
it's a,
they're a joke.
I mean,
but you never went into a big game worrying about whether he was showing up
to play ever,
ever,
ever.
And there's very few guys that score goals like that.
You can say that about. You fucking knew.
He went to the front of the net.
Darian Hatcher beating the shit out of him with a fucking aluminum stick.
Went to the front of the net.
Bob Rouse, those guys that were mean, tough bastards.
Jamie McCowan.
Fuck, he went to the front of the net, took a beating, scored the goals,
never bitched, didn't lip off of guys.
And then also knew, like, I mean, one time in his entire career where he said something to twister and I,
where he said,
Hey fucking suck.
It's Lee Norwood cross-checked him in the face.
And he had a Gordie out tape down his cheek and in his teeth. That's how hard he got him.
And he goes,
could somebody fucking do something,
please?
So,
you know,
basically it's the only time ever where he,
where he said anything to us. Yeah. handle my dirty laundry that's the only time that's the only chaser this has
been unbelievable buddy and you know they say laughter is the best medicine and when you beat
this motherfucker we're gonna get you back on and and uh if a i'm gonna check my schedule man i'm
gonna do everything in my power to get there on you said it it's April 5th, April 5th. Yeah. Yeah. It's going to be unbelievable. Like, look,
it's the people that are coming, make it special for me. I think, um, but also like the outpouring
of hockey people, like, like people calling you going, how come I wasn't invited? Like my friends.
And I'm like, cause I thought I was a pain in the ass, like the LA guys, you know, like
Nellie Emerson and Bergie and, you know, and Blakey.
And like, you're like, how come you didn't invite me?
I'm like, well, fuck, you got a little going on.
You're running a team.
Like I didn't, you know, and so, you know, I love the, and it's not just me, by the way.
I want to say that.
They're not just coming because of me.
They're coming because of Troy Murray.
They're coming because of Granado and boy and uh and and kimby now kimby because you guys are going to announce that um that's a big fucking deal and for this guy to do
what he's doing by himself too like there's no listen to me there is no i don't give a fuck how
many of these athletes you guys have on there There is no brotherhood like hockey. There is nothing like the hockey players.
You take them in a bar fight a hundred out of a hundred fucking times.
You take them to go to a wedding,
a funeral,
a party.
It doesn't matter.
You take hockey players a hundred out of a hundred fucking times.
That's it.
So the brotherhood that we have,
it should.
And I just told you guys like that's a small static guys that played in the NHL in 120 fucking years.
So, I mean, I'm proud of the Alumni Association.
I'm proud I'm on here with you guys.
But I can tell you for a guy that was a real shitty player,
got to play a long time, I feel really lucky to be in that brotherhood.
Chaser, you're an inspiration, buddy.
Inspiration, buddy.
You're a beloved teammate,
and we thank you so much for sharing your story, dude.
You're fighting like an absolute beast.
No surprise there.
So thank you, and to everyone listening, man,
take this guy's attitude and how he's approaching things
when the days are tough.
So thank you.
And, of course, our behind-the-scenes crew,
like G, Sean, Memes, and all those guys,
they're going to get all this information off you and we're going to post it on
our platform so people can go there to make sure they know the full details of
what they're getting into for this,
uh,
this celebration chaser.
You're bringing the people together,
buddy.
And,
uh,
we love you and we,
we can't wait to get you back on.
Well,
I,
I appreciate it.
And I,
I mean,
look,
you guys have built something special.
And I,
I actually remember when you started talking to me about it one day and I looked at you kind of like, there's no fucking way the league's going to allow you two fucking guys to fucking run this club.
Now they can't fucking get up.
Now they don't want you around, but they can't get rid of you.
Now me and Gary are buddies.
Yeah, I know.
Who knew?
We're boys.
It's a true catch-22 right now going on.
They're like, we need him, but we hate him.
Yeah, you see me and Gary's secret handshake.
I'm part of the Illuminati now.
All right, Chaser.
See you, buddy. Thanks, guys.
Lock up that pal. Love you, brother.
See you, boys.
All right, before I go any further, here's a few
words from our friends at Verizon.
You already know that Verizon
is the network America relies on.
But did you know you can get the network you want for your phone and your home?
Get Verizon for both mobile and home and save.
So you can make sure whatever it is that you're following,
the Shares Oscar movies, the hockey playoffs, the shop football,
draft predictions, whatever it is, it's all good.
Whether you're at home or not at home.
And when you switch, get a great deal on an iPhone 15 Pro,
an iPad, or an Apple Watch SE.
The network you want on the tech you love.
Simply better together.
Only on Verizon.
Visit verizon.com slash barstool
or your local Verizon store to shop or learn more.
Huge thanks for Chase and Jaser jumping on us, man.
We know he's going to kick fucking leukemia's ass, buddy.
Keep on punching.
No one's ever beat Chaser up, and this shit ain't going to do it.
So keep on fighting, brother.
G, I want to turn it over to you.
I know you had some words you want to share with the audience, pal.
Yeah, bear with me, guys.
This is going to be kind of hard for me to get through,
but I feel like I want to share this with you guys. I want to be transparent with kind of what
I'm going through right now. About two weeks ago, my life kind of got flipped upside down.
Both my mom and my girlfriend were diagnosed with breast cancer. My mom had surgery pretty
quickly. She's in a good place. But Alana, my girlfriend, she has a long way to go.
pretty quickly. She's in a good place. But Alana, my girlfriend, she has a long way to go.
And I was going to keep this to myself. I really didn't want to come on here and have people think I'm asking for sympathy. But I went home this weekend. And after talking to my
mom and talking to Alana, it would be such a shame if we didn't use this platform that we have just to remind everyone
out there to go get checked. If you're a female, go get your breast checked. If you're a male,
go get your nuts checked. Go get anything checked. Go to a doctor because an hour out of your day,
it could save your life. It's funny because I was actually the one who found the lump on Alana.
I was actually the one who found the lump on Alana.
Shout out to me for having sex.
It felt like a grape, felt like a blueberry.
Right away, I knew something was wrong.
We went to look and get it checked.
The first doctor initially said, don't worry about it.
It's probably nothing.
And sent Alana back without doing any testing.
So it's kind of one of those things where you need to listen to your body. a few months later, she just kept thinking like something's wrong. Something is not right
here. So she ended up going back. They did the biopsy. It turned out to be cancer. And come to
find out that young women are being diagnosed with breast cancer at an alarming rate. And that's
scary because they don't know why this is happening.
So the next couple months,
it's going to be a battle.
There's probably going to be some shows I miss.
There's probably going to be some trips I won't be on.
But both Alana and my mom are going to kick cancer's ass.
And it's crazy
because we were just talking to Chaser
and how much of an animal he is.
Well, it's not just NHL players who kick the shit out of cancer.
It's housewives do it too. My mom, she's a beast. And the second she found out she had cancer,
she booked a half marathon for six months down the line. Because she's like, I need something
to train for. I need something to set my goal to. And a few years ago when my mom's best friend got
cancer, my mom was like, I'm going to
sign up for a triathlon. She ended up doing a triathlon. Ended up doing three triathlons
in the name of Mike Crocker. So it's going to be a battle. And I was talking to a lot of my
friends this weekend. If there's any two people that could kick this shit out of cancer, breast cancer. It's my mom and it's Alana.
And Alana is going to be documenting her whole journey on TikTok.
So follow along there.
If you have any advice, reach out.
We have no clue what we're doing.
We're trying to navigate this journey and there's a lot of questions.
It's really scary. So any advice, anything,
we're welcome. We're open to all that. And lastly, I know Chaser just said this, but I hope there's a way we can rally Chicklets Nation together and find a good foundation
for breast cancer, for cancer, for anything, and just flood them with donations.
And if we can make a difference here, if we can save one person's life by telling them,
go get checked or just money, donate, donate, donate. If we can change one person's life,
then this is a success. So it's going to be a battle for Alana, for my mom, but Chicklets Nation and this podcast is the best outlet in the world for me.
And you guys have all been so supportive, and I can't thank you guys enough.
But I wanted to let everyone know what I was going through.
Gee, that was incredibly well said, and we're a family here.
And I think it's an incredible idea for, for all of us to rally
around this and not only give your family the support they deserve, but, but use the platform
in order to raise money and do more. So whatever it is you want or want to set up, buddy, we're
behind you. We love you. Um, I don't think anybody who's listening, realize how much you do for our
podcast and, and our world here. So I think that it's for our turn to step up for you.
So I'm sorry to hear everything you just said, buddy,
but we agree there's two women
that are going to kick cancer's ass.
And just tell us what to do next.
Yeah, we'll figure, I love you guys.
And we'll figure something out.
Like Alana has been so positive
and she's really just, she's facing this thing head on and
she's going to kick its ass she has surgery this week once we kind of get through um you know this
storm that we're dealing with we'll we'll try to find a foundation whether we start one or
or whether we you know donate money to a great one um that's that's probably the route we'll take but
it's uh it's going to be a battle, and they're going to kick Cancer's ass.
Gee, both of them are very lucky to have you in their lives.
Yeah, exactly.
And we're here for you.
I think all of Chicklets Nation is going to be here for you.
Yep.
And we're really sorry that this is going on right now,
but you said everything so well.
We got you, buddy.
Gee, where would you want them reaching out
for people who have been through this who want to provide advice?
Like where do you want them to?
Is there an email?
So I think just DMing Alana on Instagram is probably the best way to chat with her.
You can DM me on Twitter, Instagram.
You know, I've been reading all my DMs lately because Alana posted a TikTok last week on explaining her scenario and everything that's going on.
And that's where she's finding a lot of peace.
And because there's so many questions, right, guys?
Like you get told you have cancer.
And listen to this.
They told her she had cancer at five o'clock on a Friday.
Didn't tell her the grade.
They just were like, hey, you have cancer.
And she's like, all right, well, what do I do next?
And they're like, oh, you got to call
the doctor's office on Monday.
So last weekend, we just had to, we, we had no idea if she was stage zero, if she was stage four.
We just sat in my apartment, drank wine, and cried all weekend
because that's all you could do.
And there's just so many questions that we have throughout this whole process.
And I think people that have gone through it, DMing Alana,
we found the most peace with that.
Just telling her about the surgeries and the,
and foundations,
and even just like shirts she can wear and,
and just like little things that like we wouldn't think about.
And the doctors don't tell you,
but someone who's gone through it,
they can really help you.
So I think just DMing Alana,
DMing me,
um,
it would be the best way to,
to get in touch.
All right, everyone.
Let's stand up for our guy here and his family.
And hug your loved ones, guys.
So, G, we love you, buddy.
Love you, G.
I think it'll be great, all the support you get from this.
Love you, guys.
See you, buddy. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, while Giving up on love, that's not my style
Tending to notes in a harder key
Singing the lines that were meant for me
No, I never wanted it to go away
And we'll leave it all
And come back to say
I'm another man, I'm another one
Oh, the feeling is gone
And no, I'm no longer that one
