Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Never do that. Yep. Ciao. Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 494 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
And we are live.
This is the first time we've ever done a live numbered episode like this.
So thanks for joining us.
Let's jump right into it.
The Whit Dog, Ryan Whitney.
What do you have for us?
Let's go Oilers.
Thank you, man.
Let's go Oilers.
Forget last night's game.
Forget every series.
Forget everything but the Oilers.
No, I'm just kidding.
First, guys, I got to tell you, thanks for tuning in. tuning in this is a blast I got energy I got buzz in my veins right
now and I also got a little Pink Whitney in my bloodstream and that's why this show is presented
to you by New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney right here booyah coming at you and it's this time of
year it's the springtime it's playoff time it's golf season so year. It's the springtime. It's playoff time. It's golf season.
So please, take your shot with Pink Whitney.
Go down to the local bar.
Grab a big old bottle for the golf course.
Maybe if you're laying out by the pool when the weather gets real nice in the northeast and up in Canada,
Pink Whitney's where it's at.
Mix up a drink with it.
Take a shot.
Any way you want it, we all appreciate it.
So this show is presented by Pink Whitney, New Amsterdamsterdam zone thank you so much oh thanks baby i think i was born to be live now if i say something
to get in trouble i take that all back but this is a pleasure guys the whole the whole rush of
not being able to take anything back and not being able to edit anything, Biz, it has me just feeling some sort of way right now, baby.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Biz Sanette, what's going on, buddy?
Live.
Fuck it, we'll do it live, buddy.
Let's go.
Hey, I would be poopy pants right now,
and the Leafs are down 0-2,
but Pablo put the Leafs on his back.
Like, you know, as sad as it sounds,
that's my greatest Leaf memory to date.
Them winning game two of a first round series
to tie things up against the Boston Bruins.
They have not beat them.
Look at that fucking celebration.
We're not going to dive into Leafs quite yet.
We're going to go back to yesterday's games
because we want to stay hot on topic.
But I am so fucking fired up.
There's a possibility that
william nylander is playing in game three i heard he's out i heard he's out no you didn't there's
still he stayed on the ice he stayed i know but he said in the fucking shut the fuck up
he said in the press conference after there's a possibility william nylander will play game three
i actually we're gonna save it i have heard a lot of rumors and things come through my cell phone,
but I think I'm down to the bottom of what happened
and why he's not in the lineup,
and I will say it when we go over that series.
Little dangle of carrot for him, eh, Merles?
I love it.
Little dangle of the carrot.
Piz was game two better than dinner with Chaney and Will Onet up in Toronto.
That was, well, you know what?
Given the length of the dinner, and it what? Given the length of the dinner,
and it was probably twice the length of the game,
yes, I would say the game was better.
No offense to Will.
And I have already reached out via DM.
He was obviously concerned after game one,
but I did say, hey, we'd love to get you on the pod
and or our new live show,
even for just 15 minutes to talk a little Leafs Bruins.
And he said, let me look at my schedule.
So that feeler is out there.
I thought he said, sorry, I have a restraining order against RA.
I can't come on that show.
I'm very busy in the creative process of writing Bajorne with Memesy.
That's why he's been non-existent and G's had to take over for the social media.
He's writing his new script with Will Arnett.
But, boys, I am so fired up for this.
Obviously, hey, a couple clicks for Fishy and G setting all this up.
And, of course, we've got to welcome our Game Notes buddy
who's used to this type of live shit and the chat, Mr. Merles.
Welcome aboard, baby.
What's up?
What's up?
So, Army and I, we were going to do a cease and desist on you guys.
You know, you're stealing our thunder with a live show in the chat,
but we settled out of court, and that's why I'm here today.
I gave her a free bet.
I gave her a free parlay.
Which?
But look right there, too.
The abs, baby.
I love it.
I love it.
The OG29.
Now, Whit, you texted the group before you came in as far as this free
play. Vancouver,
what do you say? They're plus 220
right now with Demko? No, Nashville
I believe is now. I think they're still
plus 220 to win
the series. I don't think we're hopping in that game
first, but with Demko done. I'm getting excited.
I'm excited. And Peter,
let's just save it for that. Let's save it.
Let's save it. Let's save it.
Boys, this isn't the only time we're going to be live on the internet today.
Tonight, 7 o'clock, we get a little live stream action.
Bruins Leafs.
7 o'clock, jump on for that.
We get a few special guests stopping by, too.
Merle's Game Notes.
When's the next episode coming?
We'll let the folks know.
Friday at 11 a.m.
We'll have all the picks for you.
I'll have a few picks in this show, you know we know we come hard on friday saturday so we'll see 11 a.m friday game notes i love this rollout so we have the regular pod coming out mondays as usual i think this monday
given the crazy sunday schedule we will be recording monday morning so that podcast actually
won't be out till probably like three or four in the afternoon, if I'm not mistaken.
And then of course,
we're going to be coming to you live like this every Wednesday.
And then we got the game notes Friday.
So we're just hitting you in these beautiful waves.
Check all the social media.
You'll figure out all the scheduling.
We love you guys.
Yeah.
I think we're doing Monday live.
If I'm not mistaken, right?
Is that a regular?
We're doing Monday live too.
We're doing Monday live boys. We're doing Monday live. We're doing live in, too. We're doing Monday live, boys.
We're doing Monday live.
We're doing lives in one week.
I like that.
I like that.
I'm a live guy, dude.
Now, once again, I could really regret that, but I'm a live guy.
Absolutely.
We can't wait, boys.
But we got to dive right into it.
It took this long to get our first overtime of the 2024 Stanley Cup playoffs. The longest since 1997.
But Florida commanding 2-0 lead after who else?
Cotter versus Swaggy for Haggy.
Ended things 2-59 into the extra session.
Right now, he's just the sixth NHL of all time to score at least five playoff overtime game winners.
This is crazy when you look at the list ahead of him here.
I got to find the list here.
Joe Sackick's number one with eight of them.
him here uh so i gotta find the list here actually no sack x number one with eight of them dude sack uh maurice rashad glenn anderson cory perry and patrick kane but for swag he's done in 47 games
all those other guys the least was 132 games what he's done in this small small amount of time is
insane all right that doesn't even he's got and he's got eight game winners so like you know he's
got he's scoring big goal after big goal and what a
patient play on that on that tuck he just waited him out waited him out and what we've seen this
year especially last night with dumba the save we'll talk about the save but you gotta go you
gotta go top shelf sometimes you can go even go on the ice these mid-range shots we saw it in the ncaa game with leonard the goal the
goalie on denver he went roof job on that backhand but the sneakiest best part of that play was the
dirt dog kachuk picking that picking that thing up off the wall spinning off of his check it was
all created off the four check they had a nice four check right before that Tampa got it back out they rimmed it in and Kachuk makes a beauty of a play for Swaggy I mean the fact this guy was a Tampa
Bay Lightning and ever since he's come over to Florida he's just lit it up over 40 goals last
year I think he was right around 40 this year but the patience on this dude is something else
but the goaltending guys I think it was one of the greatest goaltending
battles save for save that i can ever remember i saw somebody saying it was like wavers pupa in
1990 or something dude darren rpi guy was he yeah he won the national championship
oh he was on that team no shit yeah. Yeah. Him and Adam Oates.
So I don't remember that.
I was seven.
But that goaltending battle.
And it was funny because Bobrovsky didn't have to make that many saves.
They were just all lights out.
Vasilevsky had to do a lot more work, but he made some 10-bellers as well.
So I just was amazed that playoff Bob is doing this again.
That is just  look at that that he's a ninja he's
he's gumby eyes in the back of his head to to do that is you you what you said the the the save
in the national championship game that one that one was along the ice wasn't it this one was
no that one was the same thing where if it was on the ice or up top it's a goal but mid-range they just get that
that shoulder that arm on it but that was better than the denver one because he's backwards he's
just totally throwing everything out there and i think that save shows a lot about goalies that
people don't necessarily always think of like you talk about players and extra effort not giving up
like like goaltenders have to be battlers dude and there's
some goalies that like oh if i'm off my angle that's not it but brofsky's a guy that he'll do
anything to make a save and it's it's it's same way you gotta fight through a check you gotta
fight through a guy picking up your stick in front goalie's gotta battle through traffic they gotta
make that last ditch effort to do whatever they can any part of their body and holy shit you you talked about the
goaltending battle i think everybody's going to remember that one but later in that period i would
say between the two of them one of the best goaltending performances i've ever seen in a
period as far as 10 bell saves when he went splits on sorelli going to the net and he basically just
got it with his toe and the you know most guys do that and then their body gets turned around?
The fact that he was able to do it and then stay there and, like,
hold ground was absolutely bananas.
So I know Verhage gets the game winner.
And by the way, crazy stat, 11th overtime victory for the Florida Panthers
in a row.
Yes.
11 in a row.
So this goes back to last year when Kachuk was scoring the OT winner
and going right to the gate.
Hey, hey, busting 30, boys.
Let's get going here.
These guys are fucking ruthless in overtime.
And going to the other side, Tampa Bay, they can't find any luck.
I thought that for the second half of the game, they brought it to them.
Like, they knew they were playing for their playoff lives,
and they turned it up.
But as far as the
You think that series is over
guys i i listen i'm not i will never underestimate the the heart of a champion and they're going home
and i would imagine kucherov brings his game up to that level we've seen all season long i think
that they've done a good job of neutralizing them them getting that kill that four minute double
minor at the beginning of the third period was so fucking massive for them getting that kill, that four minute double minor at the beginning of
the third period was so fucking massive for them. Like that to me, that, that, that was the, that
was the game right there, right? They had that opportunity, four minutes, fresh ice to get that
go ahead goal. Couldn't do it. They hold the fort. Uh, do I think it's over? I think that they go
back and split and I don't see this game going longer or this series going longer than six games I I originally had Florida and six boys to drop the first two uh listen huge loss that we
haven't talked about yet for the Florida Panthers Sam Bennett takes a fucking clapper right to the
hand Murs it sounds like he's done for the series so as far as going back to that goaltending
performance absolutely incredible Bob to me to me, the story.
But six losses in overtime in a row for Tampa.
A swing of 11 wins for the Florida Panthers in OT.
Remarkable.
Yeah, Biz, that streak, the second longest in NHL history.
It actually goes back to 2021, this 11-game overtime streak.
The record is 14.
Montreal did it from 93 to 98.
How about the 93 Habs?
They lost the very first OT game
they played that playoffs, and they won the next 10
overtime games during that whole playoffs,
including three in the Stanley Cup final to win the Stanley Cup.
Could you imagine, as a fan, getting to
experience that? 10 overtime
wins in a Stanley Cup playoff?
I don't even know if fans would want to sign up for it.
Yeah, if you know what's going to happen.
But the stress of that,
I just... Quickly, the first round of the NHL playoffs, guys.
It's been awesome.
It's the greatest two weeks in sports.
We are biased, but I think the world's catching on.
You see the viewership's up 60 from last year's first round right now?
Hockey is thriving, boys, and it's a pleasure to get to be a part of it and cover it.
My last thing on Tampa, dude, everyone calls Kucherov the power play merchant, right?
They were one for six last night.
Okay.
I don't think he's a power play merchant.
He was my vote for MVP, but you can't be one for six, dude.
You got to be able to do better than that.
You got the one goal, but biz, you talked about it.
That four minutes you had, you got to bury one like that.
But Bennett is, Bennett already had a goal and an assist in that game.
Then he goes out.
It looks like maybe a broken wrist, broken hand.
I don't know.
We certainly won't find out.
But without him, dude, that's a kick in the dick.
Even if they get by Tampa, which it looks like,
I don't know if Tampa can win four of the next five games,
but even if they get by, I feel like you need Bennett for a long run.
He's just too valuable.
And he's too much of a playoff style prick to,
to lose out and not have.
Merle.
When you say it that way,
four out of five,
they got to win.
Yeah,
buddy.
I,
you,
they always said,
what is it?
A series doesn't start until a road team wins.
The game home team.
I think they're still fine. You know, like? A home team loses a game. Home team loses a game.
I think they're still fine.
You know, like they said, Bennett's gone.
I never won in the playoffs anyway, Biz. That's why I couldn't remember it.
I got 40-1 on Tampa to still win the Cup.
They're up to 90-1.
If they win this series, they're going to win the next series.
They're going to go to the finals.
So, just get through this series.
Just to give some more love Tampa's way way though sorelli he's such a great
player like you don't if you don't get a chance to watch him enough the way that he plays a 200
foot game i thought paul was awesome so overall from a play perspective i'm not concerned about
tampa and you know they're going to be coming guns a blablazin'. Just, I guess, would be sad here if, fuck, man, Stammer.
Like, he's their captain, right?
You never know how quick these things can turn,
and next thing you know, the dynasty's over.
He doesn't have a contract for next year,
but I'm sure he'll have a lot to say about it in Game 3
along with the rest of that core group.
So, they ain't done yet, but they're definitely on the ropes, R.A.
I don't know if you guys would agree before we move on from this series.
I think overall the two best games for one series, the two best games so far,
entertainment, speed, and I think Winnipeg, Colorado is right there,
but these Florida-Tampa games, to be expected.
This is why I wanted that last day of the regular season for this to go down,
to give us Florida-Tampa and to give us Boston-Toronto when it happened.
To me, I feel like maybe from a modern-day version,
people like the 4-3 game.
I tend to like a game where it's the 3-2,
and then you got the big saves as well
because it gives you every dynamic of hockey.
So if you're maybe a person who's never followed hockey before
and you watch that game, you're like, oh, my God,
who are these people standing between those posts?
They're just fucking flying around like ninjas and gummy the whole time.
It's a walrus.
You've seen that fucking commercial.
It's a fucking walrus.
Guys, I do have a little breaking news here.
So George Richards just posted that Florida Panthers coach Paul Murray
said Sam Bennett better than they initially thought out
perhaps only a week.
Wow. A bone bruise
they say. A bone bruise.
And that's a big time
big time
gift for the Panthers. That looks bad.
That looks bad.
I wouldn't believe anything you hear
this time of year.
What was your takeaway? You usually love the I wouldn't believe anything you hear this time of year. Yeah.
All right.
What was your takeaway?
You usually love the goalies and you're a huge Bobrovsky guy, aren't you?
Yeah.
I mean, I love all the goalies.
It's crazy.
Two Russian goalies going at it.
I thought it was, yeah, one of the most entertaining goalie playoff games I've ever seen.
It was just insane saves both ends.
I mean, Bob was just a little bit better than Vassie.
But Tampa was right there, man.
I mean, the game was a coin flip.
It went to overtime.
Count out Tampa Bay, your own peril, Biz, I will say that.
And just to go back to the high ratings,
with the point you were saying,
Biz, I want to commend you.
You go on Pat McAfee's show.
I've noticed you've been going on that quite a bit.
I think that's huge for getting the word of hockey out there.
He's been very good about spreading the gospel as well.
And also, too, I want to talk about the Barstool Twitter feed, man.
That's been huge, Whit, for getting hockey out there.
We never really put a lot of hockey stuff.
I think we're bringing a lot of fans in and just showing people how awesome our game is and how skilled these guys are.
So I got sneak attacked by Patty Maroon on Pat McAfee,
and then that Boston Connor had me bet the 10 public push-ups.
So I could be on TNT getting demanded push-ups from Boston Connor.
10?
That was the bet?
Well, it's like more of a humiliation where he could say, hey,
next segment you do when you're doing your demo,
make sure you throw in one push-up.
Oh, humiliation.
Your push-up clips will be on your Raya account,
and you'll be just wheeling and dealing for usual.
You'll have your shirt off doing those push-ups.
10 pump jump push-ups.
McAfee, I think, I shouldn't say, because I have no idea,
but you've got to think that ESPN's like,
hey, we've got to talk a little bit about hockey.
We have all these games.
But you could tell he loves it.
Whether he was pushed into watching or watched it on his own,
he is in deep in hockey now.
Well, he's a big Pittsburgh guy, right?
So he grew up a Penguins fan.
They were a Penguins fan.
They were doing all their stuff.
And going back to push-ups, I just
and you already touched on Kachuk being the dog that he is
to start that playoff with Verhage.
I just thought it was kind of like a pass of the torch
in the interstate rivalry where it was just so symbolic
that Chucky was literally sprawled out on top of Vasilevsky
to end that game.
Like literally star fishing him,
star fishing him like,
like RA when he's got his first notch after,
after the breakup.
All right.
Yeah.
On that,
on that note,
a good way to end the Daytona rivalry.
It'll be,
it'll be in Panama beach.
Yeah.
Shit. All right, boys, Colorado, they had a four goal second period
And Alexander Yogi
Yogi have bounced back, stopped 28 out of 30
Winnipeg shots on Route 352
Avalanche victory, tied the series at one
Avs got goals from five different players
Lackanen had one and one
How about Kael McCarr, pair of assists, game high
27 minutes, 12 seconds. But boys,
I mean, we had a series here. I thought
Jorgiev bounced back huge.
Jorgiev bounced back.
I think Jorgiev won again. Then it's Jorgiev, it's Jorgiev.
I don't know what the hell the name is. Merles, what was
your biggest takeaway from this game? And are we looking
at a six or seven game series now?
Yeah, another Russian goalie playing great.
I'm the abs guy. I got to tell you
a quick story about the game last night. So this jersey here, You know, I don't want to waste it in the first round. I
thought they would take care of business easily. They go down one, nothing again. I put the Jersey
on bang, the abs score goal. So everybody's like, take the Jersey off, put it back on. I'm like,
no, I'm like, I'm not doing that all night. All of a sudden the jets score. i'm like no i'm like i'm not doing that all night all of a sudden the jets score i'm like oh shit i gotta do this so i took the jersey off put it on the floor put it back on
tweet let's bet abs next goal boom it works i i i do i'm doing this all night but they start
scoring so quickly i couldn't get the tweets and the bets in the website shut me down it was going
so fast but I saw that.
The ads were awesome.
I love them.
You just see, like, when they really focus, they can shut you down.
And then Georgiev, Gorgiev, whatever you want to call him,
he's good enough to get them to the next round.
And I found it funny.
I was listening to the chicklets from last episode, and you talked about Frank Kuz who retired.
He was 6-0 on that other run so
you know the goaltending doesn't really have to be great for the abs to win and and i i'm always
he was pretty solid uh is it francos or franco francos francos pavel francos um he came in in
that edmonton series and made some big saves and he was good for them all year so
it but as far as Forgiev man he turned the fucking corner I was a little he was a little
shaky after that first one and he'd been on a shaky stretch too as far as the game I mean boys
I think the storyline for the Jets right now is Hellebuck you have a Vesna goalie who all of a
sudden what's he let in 10 goals through? 10 goals on 77 shots.
5-0-4 goals against so far, yeah.
And, boys, that was a tie game, and he fumble-fucked it behind the net.
And then even on that fourth one, like, I don't know, five-hole?
You talk about Lekkonen.
That swing at the end of the second period, right?
There's seven seconds left.
It seemed like Ehlers just fell down and lost position,
and he was just like on his ass playing with the puck,
and then Lekkonen ends up pouncing on it,
and it just seemed like everybody had fallen asleep,
and then he advances it to Mack, and then the seize part,
and Josh Manson out of the box, and he slides at five hole.
What a move, by the way.
I thought that was an impressive offensive play by him.
He fucking opens up Hellebuck, slides a five-hole,
and they could never recover after that.
Abs came out in the third period, dominated play.
And I sent a text to the group chat with,
last year, Winnipeg won the first game,
and then they got shell-shocked in game two,
and then they could never recover, right?
Or, excuse me, against Vegas, right?
Yeah, they lost four straight last year to Vegas, and then that's when rick bonus he came out and he ripped him you don't see that postseason
you don't see that at the end of the year but then they made a lot of big changes it was the
dubois trade they brought in velarde by the way like that i know they ended up losing but that
dish by velarde and that one-handed tip by shifley was that was so sick i don't know how you get that
good of wood on it and get it shelf like that with one hand on your Scheifele was, that was so sick. I don't know how you get that good of wood
on it and get it shelf like that with one hand on your stick. And it was after a huge shave by
Hellebuck. He just hasn't been able to kind of reel it in and find his game yet, which is surprising,
especially being at home with all the fans behind you. But yeah, that Parisi goal, dude,
I mean, I don't, I don't, it's kind of weird to be out of the net like that. Cogliano made a great
dish out front Parisi sticks with it.
By the way, we should mention when we talked about the 03 draft last episode,
we said there was four current players.
We forgot about Zach Parisi.
We forgot that he's still going.
He was a part of that draft in 03.
It was kind of because I know he's in 84,
and that was back when if you went to college,
your draft got pushed back a year.
So I was thinking 85 birth years.
But Zach Parisi is still going strong.
They are saying on the broadcast,
he was on a golf trip in September.
He's like,
I'm not done yet.
I'm not done yet.
So that's how he was able to kind of hitch on with Colorado.
But I,
I,
I'm very,
very surprised at Hellevuck.
Like it's just to have the season where he's the runaway Vesna winner.
Like there's nobody really even near him this season.
And then you kind of lose your game a little bit.
And I thought the first game, like, you get the win.
It's almost, oh, all right, I didn't have my A game, but we got a win.
Now I can really refocus, and I'll light it up game two.
Well, he got lit up.
And last year, we talked about Colorado.
They lose the seventh game at home.
What the hell happened?
Buddy, they didn't have Nitschushkin.
This guy is so dominant when he's going. He's enormous. He's strong as an ox. He skates like the wind.
He'll get in front, tip goals. Great shot. You saw the snipe in game one. His empty netter last
night was gross. I mean, granted it was four or two. It was probably over anyways, but I think
it was like three on one and he gets it. He ends up throwing like an off angle backhand. But having him back in the lineup, you see how much of a different team they
are. And Makar, Makar just reminds has reminded me at least he's the like you talk about Quinn
Hughes and I don't know how the Norris Trophy voting will end up going. But Makar, he's the guy.
He is him on the back end. And the way he skates and walks the line what does he have five points
through two games so it's just mckinnon showed up ready to play leckanen's a playoff performer
i will say though if leckanen's dad was mad at ranting and before he's probably fuming right now
i don't really know where the big man is i don't know the big lorry's put him on his ass about
three or four times already in this series and i normally don't see the big loury's put him on his ass about three or four times already in this series
and i normally don't see the moose getting manhandled like that keep in mind some abs fans
might be watching saying he's got three assists in two games shut the fuck up regular season
rotten is extremely dominant and looks different and controls the puck below the goal line that's
the scary thing to me if i'm a jets fan is you're going back to the best home team in the league,
if I'm not mistaken, R.A.
Their home record was through the roof.
They are a different team.
You're traveling to high altitude,
which usually takes a half game to get adjusted to.
I've been bag skated there plenty of times.
I know.
I know I'm not getting my proper amount of white blood cells
to my brain in fucking Denver.
And then all of a sudden you get Rantanen who like you know what i need to up my game that could be that could be
hey another guy for their team who's really surprised me in the first two games is middlestad
has he made a huge impact offensively but he has made some great defensive plays he's playing with
a bit of an edge and i've been highly impressed but hey Winnipeg's fine man
they've been playing great they just got to get back on track and and completely get the mental
demons of what they had last year after they they got embarrassed in game two and shed that they
now we need to see their response we saw the abs response Stanley Cup champion mentality response. Let's see it from the Jets
or are
they the fraud squad?
Also, the
Ehlers line, right? Ehlers
speed, how fast he is, he's got
to get going here.
I think he's moving well. It's just
about producing. You got to produce. We talk
about the depth in Winnipeg.
That guy's a big part of it, dude. He's going to have to carry a line. He hasn't done much. They're going to need
him going. And my last thing would be, as we mentioned, shout out to Georgiev, right? To
bounce back like that. Now, Anunan, I know I can't say this guy's name. He was better. He was playing
more down the stretch. He was so sick that he couldn't really go again. But I wonder if he was,
I assume if he was healthy, they would have gone to him game two.
So it was almost a lucky break that, that Georgiev gets to stay in there and he kind of bounces back.
You're happy for a guy.
Like as much as we're going to, we're going to go after some players right now who are maybe like invisible and we're going to have to talk about not showing up.
I'm also rooting for guys, no matter who it is. If you're, if you're struggling and fans and media call you out in the playoffs, it's nice to see a guy come back and have a big
response game. And that's what Georgiev did. And, and Sammy did for Toronto, but the situation's
different here though. Like Sammy had a great end of the regular season coming into playoffs.
Georgiev, every, every time I was watching a game, he was getting lit up and his body language was shit so for him
to have such a drastic turnaround
in that second period is huge and I
think that we would be idiots not to go back
to the beginning of this series to show
the white out like we're able to
pull up photos of this experience
and we talked about Pat McAfee
he was like I don't even
know where Winnipeg is but look at this
this is God's country folks celebrating the greatest game on earth Pat McAfee, he was like, I don't even know where Winnipeg is, but look at this.
This is God's country, folks, celebrating the greatest game on earth.
Like, that gives me fucking chills.
I like the orange one a little better. Look at that.
I like the orange one in Alberta a little better.
Hey, Georgiev and Samson.
Do we have pictures of the outside?
Do you have pictures of the outside?
They were sad as shit last night.
By the way, my wife's like, do they sell beer out there and have places to pee?
I was like, I think so.
There's no chance these people are sober.
That's the way.
Why is it such a small area?
They're like stuffed in there.
I don't know.
Because it's Winnipeg.
Nose beers.
Georgiev and Samsonov, by the way, the only two goalies going into the playoffs on these
playoffs teams that had save percentages below
900 in the regular season.
So both those guys bounce back
with huge game twos.
What's this one?
Hey, some people were putting
up the memes of somebody
losing it on someone where it's like
McKinnon walking into the dressing room
after game one to Gargiev.
So good.
So good.
Biz,
a hell bucks last six games.
He's one in five,
a four,
three,
four goals against eight,
seven,
68 percentage,
a 42 career playoffs.
That's 18 and 24.
Do you think a road game could actually help right now?
If the two bad games at home,
10 games,
10,
listen,
and,
and I was
talking to a few people and I'm not
like putting this on him. I want to see
how he responds. Sometimes
under that much chaos,
like even go back to the beginning of the year,
Winnipeg was having attendance issues
like it was kind of a chill environment.
All of a sudden, like the build-up
to these playoffs, which is probably
twice as loud and twice as crazy as any regular season game they experienced this year.
And also peripheral vision and all the white is a little different than the regular season.
So maybe blaming the white out.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not blaming the white.
the way i'm saying that the color that that he's now taking in through his eyes could fuck with maybe his vision and tracking pucks i've i've heard goalies who have played in playoffs talk
about this some goalies that environment and that chaos they thrive under it and they actually need
it like a guy that comes to mind is like binnington. The higher the stakes, the more he's like, let's fucking go, baby.
Let's go. Where under the bright lights
of all this chaos, which is playoff
hockey, you just said the numbers. Show
me his regular season numbers and then
show me his playoff numbers and then
tell me what the difference is. The
whiteout. The whiteout. And on top of
that, this is the goalie who played, I
think, the second most amount of games this year next to the guy he's playing across from in Gorgiev.
These guys started the most games of any NHLers this year in net.
So could fatigue be an issue?
I don't know.
But he's going to an even crazier barn in Colorado when they get cooking.
And you're on the road.
So hella buck response game.
I'm all for it.
Let's see it.
Yep.
We got jazz.
Jazz is in the chat,
spitting out the abs home 31,
nine and one regular season.
One of two teams,
30 plus team in the league.
I think at home,
right?
I see armies in there.
We've got jazz.
You got all the crew.
I don't want to be negative,
Nancy.
This could potentially be over in five.
Oh, you think they're going to do what Vegas did to them?
I think that if I don't see a response in game three,
I think that they're mentally shook,
and Nate Dogg's going in the locker room saying,
step on their fucking throats!
And push down that fucking Snickers bar.
If you let in one more fucking goal, you're done.
Step on their necks.
Did you see that aircraft carrier that that motherfucker on the flyers was sitting on last year?
Oh, God.
Burles, has your opinion on the series changed at all after these first two games?
No, I always believed in the Avs.
I mean, that first game, I got a little worried because Winnipeg was so good.
But when the Avs came back and were able to score that much on them,
I wasn't worried at all.
They're going to be able to get to them.
And like Biz said, that altitude going home,
Avs are going to jump all over in that first period.
Oh, speaking of jumping all over in the first period,
12 of 14 games so far has had a goal in the first 10 minutes.
I haven't bet it once. I haven't bet it. And the Bruins,
the first game was like 10 minutes, 14 seconds.
So the teams are getting off the quick starts.
You're not seeing any kind of zero, zero first intermissions. I've been a big fan of that bet. Have you historically went like playoffs? No, not really. But I mean, it's just something that once you see a little bit of a trend, you kind of want to hop on unless you look at it like, oh, if I wasn't on at the beginning, I can't get in now. So I don't usually bet that bet but i like it and it reminds
me of the first to 10 in the ncaa tournament a little bit of juice going but yet you get the
you get to like play the bet out for like what three four minutes it's a fun little little what
400 meter sprint kind of we're gonna get draft draft king props of business in his riot dates
fucking dude that's crazy you said that wit on. On my DraftKings right now, I got a goal in first 10 minutes is the big boost,
plus 100 on the opt-in today on the phone.
Okay.
They're on to your stats.
Are you making these up?
No, that was a Ned Havern stat.
That was a Neddy Havern stat.
Shout out, Ned.
He said, little nugget for you, Whit Dog.
Since Army's in the chat, shout out to Army.
He's pointing out Adam Lowry all season long,
saying that he should be the fourth line center for Team Canada.
I mean, he's used to playing that shutdown role.
Fucking, I don't mind that at all.
Couple clicks for the arm dog in the chat.
I'm Doug.
I'm Doug.
All right, before we get to the Rangers capitals,
here's a few words from our good friends over at Game Time. I'm Doug. I'm Doug. All right, before we get to the Rangers Capitals,
here's a few words from our good friends over at Game Time.
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends over at Game Time.
Did you know you can get tickets to the Red Sox game for less than 20 right now? Are you kidding me?
Major League Baseball for under a double sawbuck?
That's right.
Thanks to Game Time, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
You shouldn't have to worry when you're about to buy tickets for your next big event
because GameTime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports,
music, comedy, and theater events near you.
GameTime has flash deals for sudden discounts.
They have zone deals for for you're feeling a little
flexible and their lowest price guarantee means that if you can find the same seats for less
anywhere else game time will credit you 110 percent of the difference whoo that's good stuff
right there because game time is the best place for last minute seats with up to 60 off of all
your favorite events out there so what are you waiting for i'm gonna'm going to grab these Sox tickets right now, just on principle.
They're so cheap, less than 20 bucks for a Major League Baseball game.
I'm all over that.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Once again, download the GameTime app today.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price
guaranteed.
All right, boys.
We might need
to force live ad reads for
all of us just to see how we do.
I don't know if the advertisers will
necessarily. You got one today?
I got a live one at the end.
I got to bring Ryder to hockey at 4.30.
We're fucked.
I'm going to miss the opening face-off
for the late game.
I just canceled my TNT game.
Verizon.
Verizon.
Hey,
fuck you. I've been with them since the start
for like, what, 25 years. My first
ever cell phone, Verizon.
I've had the same number ever since.
So shut out Verizon, and I'm going to crush this ad relator.
Not one stutter.
All right.
Put that on a live line with DK.
I love it.
You want that action, DraftKings?
Merles, you want this?
Yeah, I love it.
Plus 28,000.
Snort three Adderalls just to get out my fucking ad read.
Anyway, over to you, R.A. All right,000. Snort three Adderalls just to get out my fucking ad read. Anyway, over to you, R.A.
Alright, boys. Rangers and Caps went down to the wire
in game two, but
D.C. couldn't get the equalizer. 4-3 New York
win that gave the Rangers a 2-0 series lead,
but the big talk after the game.
Temi Panarin, big hit on T.J.
Oshibiz. I thought this was
a hit worthy of a suspension. He didn't even get a
penalty on it. Which you ought to take on it.
I thought it was a pretty gross hit.
Listen, whether or not it's a suspension
or a five-minute major in the game, the fact that he didn't
get a two and then the Washington Capitals
end up getting penalized on that play is fucking ridiculous.
The Rangers were going to win this series in five
no matter what. They don't need the ref's help.
Awful officiated game.
I thought the Caps got completely fucking
hosed. Way too many power
plays for the boys in blue.
I got nothing else to say.
I thought it was bullshit.
Power play for the Rangers has
been incredible. They were incredible special
teams all year, although they did give a
couple up on the kill. And my
one other takeaway is I think Trocek is an absolute mutant in the center ice position.
He's snapping back draws like crazy.
He does it all.
Such an underrated pickup.
I don't know why Carolina ever got rid of him, but what's one man trash is another man's
treasure.
And Vincent Trocek is a fucking honey badger in the middle of the ice.
So shout out to him. They look good. They're playing physical. Shusterkin looks good. man's treasure and Vincent Trocek is a fucking honey badger in the middle of the ice so shout
out to him uh they look good they're playing physical Shusterkin looks good like I said
they're they're done and the series is over in five games four if the officiating keeps going
the way it's been going uh also quickly I'll throw it over to you guys Carberry kind of had to try to
use the media to get Ovi going a little bit, boys. One shot through his first two games.
He looked slow.
If he doesn't have any type of impact, they ain't sniffing a win in the series.
Yeah, I was surprised to see that.
But, I mean, you need to do whatever you can at this point.
But, yeah, he kind of just looks a little bit lost out there.
Like, he's lost that step.
We've talked about that.
But at the second half of the season,
he went on fire again.
So,
Oh,
he's leading the playoffs.
He's feeling great.
And Rangers are just doing a great job,
kind of shutting him down.
It's a team defense.
They're all over there in his face.
And it's hard to get a lot of great chances against the Rangers,
the special teams last night.
They had three power play goals.
They had a shorthanded goal.
The caps had two power play goals,
but you get four special teams goals, dude.
It's going to be hard to lose a playoff game.
The hit.
I texted a couple guys in the NHL.
I said, can you explain to me, because I'm very confused why this isn't a hit to the head.
And none of them could.
They all agreed with me that that, dude, that looks, I looked at all the angles.
I'm watching it in
slow motion. I understand it's not just shoulder to head, but dude, his head snaps back. He buries
him in the face. And here's the thing. You go review it and you decide, all right, not only
is it not a major, it's not a minor penalty. That's what Carberry said. He said, I was told
it was not a minor penalty. There was nothing there. Well, buddy, if that's Tom Wilson or that's Truba,
they're getting kicked out of that game and they're getting sussied.
And you can't say to me, you can't say, well, they have priors.
They have all these other incidents that they've been a part of.
Well, no, dude, if you go based on only the hit, which is what they do,
it was not a penalty.
So it just made no sense to me.
You could tell that Panarin was gunning for him. Oh, she had already had him in the headlock earlier.
He was rubbing his face. He was giving it to him for most of the game. Panarin was hunting for him.
And I'll say this, shout out our Tammy Panarin. Last year, you talked about his struggles. I don't
know if he was as healthy as he needed to be. Two assists in seven games against the Devils.
He was getting chirped. He was getting ripped on.
I love that if I'm the Rangers fans.
I'm saying it's a dirty hit.
I'm saying that I don't agree with the no penalty.
But, buddy, that guy stepping into somebody like that
when he doesn't usually play that way,
that is a sign that he's here.
He's ready to go.
He was kept off the score sheet,
but he made an impact the other way.
That's what we talk about all the time.
If you're not going to get points, which he did in the first game,
do something else.
All right, I'm going to go run this guy that's been torturing me all game.
So I don't really get it.
I know, R.A., you're on my side on this.
Rangers fans, I love your team.
You guys are crazy.
If you can't admit that the referee in last night and in this series
has been severely one-sided, then you're ridiculous.
Hey.
What?
And if that wasn't a head shot, coolly fucking hog chopping fucking Tom Wilson was a shot to the head.
Right to his junk off the face off.
Did you see him?
I did.
I did.
But Wilson got him with an elbow right in the face right when the puck was dropped.
What would you do if someone went after your call?
Yeah, but I'm saying they didn't call that after not calling that
little spear to the nut so that one that one ends up being squared up the rangers fans are saying
that um wilson's hit on zabeniad was like the same as panarin on oh she i don't see that dude i don't
i obviously somewhat similar but that panarin one was pretty vicious. Like I mentioned, it's look at that dude.
I mean, he ends up, I, so I guess there's office feet too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just, I don't know, man.
When you look at that replay and then you're, you're decided to take it off the board and
then McMichael gets a penalty and you're down shorthanded after that hit.
If Rangers fans can't admit, dude, that you got the lucky side of the draw on the
refs last night, you're lying.
You got a great team. You're going to walk through the
Capitals, but you're lying. You got the
refs right now right in your pocket.
They want Rangers.
Even Messier said it was
the principal point
of contact on ESPN last night.
I mean, I want to fucking
lost Stanley Cup in the last 800 years for the team.
Trouba and Lindgren played the last three minutes of that game.
That's fucking incredible.
No, but they should never do that again.
Did you watch that?
They were playing with like, I said it, they're like playing with rubber sticks.
They couldn't like flip it out of the zone.
They gave him 100 extra chances.
And I'm looking for the empty net
or two but that was you got to get miller out there next time catch the yellow part of the
boards every time it hit the yellow part at ms what were you talking about i was confused by that
so like they would you said they had rubber sticks sometimes they were trying to clear it and it
would be a soft one along the yellow where the ice meets the boards,
but they have the yellow dasher and it would just blow up.
So like the player was going to go to the wall to keep it in, but they had to try to
knock it out of the air because every, the MSG ice is brutal.
And so what they do between whistles when they get the, like the ice girls out there
is they usually take that snow off of part of the yellow.
And even sometimes before games, they get the metal hole out and they, they even it
up.
So it doesn't ramp up.
And when it hits that part, go into fucking orbit.
I just felt like in the last two minutes when I was watching, it happened like three times
off of those rubber twig clears.
And I'm like, well, they have a hard enough time keeping it in as it is.
And now they got to bat it out of the air because of the shitty ice at MSG.
It saved them in that last two minutes, in my opinion.
So I was asleep in the last two seconds and it got thrown in the mixer and almost almost scored.
Dude, they all left the front of that.
I think they might have thought it was like one second left.
I was like, oh, my God, it was Ovi alone.
I don't know if it would have counted.
I think the buzzer, it was so loud in there,
you couldn't even really tell if the buzzer went off.
But I think that shorty was one of the most beautiful shorthand.
It looked like a three-on-two practice line rush.
Zabenni had cried her back to Zabenni, to Keiondre Miller,
and just buries one.
Just a beautiful goal, shorthanded.
I was like, how the hell are they shorthanded?
I think Ovi turned it over right outside the defensive zone blue line.
Tough play there.
Who else did I want to mention on the Rangers?
There's something else I'm forgetting about.
Oh, no, I wanted to mention Lindgren.
So the Caps are one of the worst teams in 30 years to make the playoffs.
That's goal differential.
That's just what we've watched all season.
It's not a great team. They
got in and congrats to them and good for
them, but it was on the back of Charlie
Lindgren. He's not
necessarily looking like
he did throughout the regular season.
Forget the little giveaway
he had in front. I don't know who was the Rangers
forward that he literally just handed it to. He almost
buried the ball. I think that might have been Cooley
too. Yeah, I think it was cool. But then Roslovich is, it was a great shot, but
to get beat on that angle. And that's when it was two, two, it was a great shot, but I don't know.
I think that's one you got to save. He was kind of down a little bit early and it beat him up top.
That's one he probably wishes he could have had back, but Rangers, man, they're flying right now.
They're looking good.
And Panarin being angry and mean, that is a beautiful sign
if you're a Rangers fan and you're afraid of a perimeter player
not getting in the mix come playoff time.
Merles, the Caps, I mean, they didn't quit.
They didn't lay down at all.
But are they done?
Are they done for this series?
You think they show a little more fight back in D.C.?
You what?
I know I'm going to contradict myself when I just said the same thing
about a team not out of the series until they lose a home game.
But, yeah, this series is over.
I love the coach there.
He's done a great job.
But I said it last year, it's the end of the road.
And we know it.
And I see it.
And boys to men.
Boys to men.
Yeah, boys to men.
Oh, that's an eighth grade dance.
Hard as a rock.
Tucking up your pants.
Makeup.
We just went from Boyz II Men and then Biz thought of singing R.E.M.
Yeah, I thought that was, it's the end of the world as we know it.
Oh, R.A., he just shoved you in a locker.
Losing my religion.
People hate that song. I kind of loved it growing up. How did I get shoved in a locker. Losing my religion. People hate that song.
I kind of loved it growing up.
How did I get shoved in a locker?
Because you chirped him.
You chirped him thinking he had the totally wrong band,
but he had an R.E.M. song that was very similar.
You got to remind me.
No, I...
Oh, R.A., R.A.
No, no, I'm not being a little cunt here.
Oh, no, no.
We're live here.
I think I got it wrong.
REM.
I was pointing out that it was just a different song.
You said it was the end of the road.
I said it's the end of the road as we know it.
But it's the end of the world.
I fucked up the lyrics.
It's bigger.
Bigger than you.
Never do that again.
Just like in the intro when you go, oh, oh, snap the cop.
And I say, never do that again.
Never do that again.
Wait, I hear like people do either love or hate that song, though.
How it?
Losing my religion?
I agree on that.
Yeah.
It's a good tune.
I'm not the biggest R.M. guy, but.
What's another divisive tune where some people love it?
Probably you singing Sarah McLachlan.
Hey, Macarena, Macarena, Macarena.
No, no, no, no.
Hey, Macarena, Macarena, Macarena.
Hey, Macarena.
There's nobody that likes it.
Mambo No. 5.
A little bit busy in my life.
All right, go.
Tell him to stop.
Cut the shit.
I'm fucking easily late.
All right, Nashville. Even things up with vancouver
thanks to a four to one win in a game that saw just 34 combined shots on goal crazy game each
team had just two shots on goal 12 minutes in the game which is absolutely crazy uh uc saros my boy
he stopped 17 out of 18 connect shots made a handful of big stops as well casey dismissed
that for vancouver because that Thatcher Demko was hurt.
He stopped 12 out of 15 shots.
Nashville, 30 blocked shots.
The Vancouver's 8 blocked shots. Both
teams 0 for 4 on the power play.
We got a series here, Whit.
What do you think goes on here? I mean, Demko's
out. This is a huge fucking loss for Vancouver right
now. We don't know what's wrong with him. If he doesn't play, man,
they're in deep trouble. I think
they could be cooked, and the whole child was cranting, KC, KC, just trying to fire up the Smith,
who had a good start to the year and kind of faltered towards the end.
He didn't really have much last night.
I mean, I know the deflection by, was it Bolivier?
I think he had that first goal.
Nothing he could do on that one.
But, dude, without Demko, I don't know.
I think Vancouver's the better team.
But when you have Saros and he's that mismatched on the other end
by a goalie who just can't really compete at his level,
that's why I was talking about really considering putting a bet in on Nashville
to win that series.
I thought it was a boring game.
It was exactly what Nashville needed.
What were the final shots?
18-16?
That's crazy.
That's not what anyone's looking for after this nonstop action we've had
throughout all these games.
But Nashville looked at themselves in the mirror after that game one
where they blew game one.
They could easily be up 2-0 in this series.
And they come back and they say, let's just shut them down. And let's
just get in their face nonstop.
Forsberg, what a goal
he scored to make it 2-0.
That guy, nobody talks about him
partly being on the Preds in that market.
Over 40 goals. Just a stud.
Monster can skate. He scored
that filthy little goal. They're up 2-0.
All of a sudden, it's like, what's going on here?
Van is just there without Elias Pettersson right now.
Okay?
So I don't know what's going on.
There's Vancouver Canucks fans online that are agreeing with me,
saying he hasn't been right in 30 games.
He looks completely lost out there.
He's lost his confidence.
No clip is more evident maybe we could get the still shot up of the empty net he mixed i mean across the seam through the box
pass he's got no goalie sorrows is swimming around and he misses the net and just his body language
after and you totally understand you're struggling you need to bury one like that i think he dropped
to both knees he was so shocked even he can't believe he missed he should have dropped to one knee when he was
fucking shooting it i know he was just like look at his legs when he does it if we can get the
screenshot he looks like a beer leaguer on that release his one leg's like giving out like uh
scotty scheffler's fucking backswing like my ankle yeah like your ankles he's nowhere to be found right now and i
like i don't want to be too critical but he just seems like a type of guy where he has these like
swings where he seems like a little bit like uh mentally weak is that a fair comment merles
like i don't i don't trust like like like we talk about mckinnon how he's got that dog where you
know exactly what you're going to get from him going into playoffs.
Where a player like that who is a 100-point player in the NHL
to be that volatile sometimes and him to completely disappear
and be a non-factor.
And on top of that, you watch him go into battle sometimes
and when he's below the goal line,
anytime there's any type of friction or pushback, he kind of gets Bambi-legged.
Like, he's easy to knock off the puck.
So, buddy, where's Willie?
No, where's Petey?
And with no Demko, if there's no Petey, I agree with you.
I think that Nashville's actually going to win this series,
and especially at the commitment they have to blocking shots in front of the net.
Now, some bright spots for Vancouver.
Like, I feel like JT's going.
Like, the effort's there.
He was fighting the puck a little bit.
From a play perspective, I felt that Van did dominate for, like, probably 60-40.
But it came down to all those blocked shots and Nashville sacrificing their body.
And in playoff time, you got to do that.
And actually when DeSmith took over for Demko in the latter part of the season,
Toc used the media to try to get him going by saying, and it's true,
like the guys in the locker room love him.
And Toc said, when you're playing for a guy who you really like in net,
you're more willing to lay your body on the line.
And given the fact that he ain't fucking Demko
and he can't make those game-saving saves.
Yeah, I had to double up on saves there.
Sorry.
Can't wait for this live ad read.
Oh, fuck.
Let's just do it now.
If you're not going to get that that that's kind of one of the
things that they built their identity off of so let's see how it goes but other than that i i
think they're okay because from a play perspective they looked all right so just like hellebuck
going on the road i think it's probably going to be a good thing for pd to go on the road and get
away from home to clear his mind a little bit so So they showed a clip of talk was he was drawn something on the board,
on the bench to Peterson.
And he's just like, he looks, he's just like, yeah, he doesn't,
he looks disinterested.
And I'm not saying that this dude doesn't want to win.
I'm not saying that at all.
It just seems like he's a little bit of a front runner.
And by that, I mean, when things are going, he's buzzing.
Like when he's feeling it he
is flying around the body language is different and then there's some guys that when things start
going the wrong way they just they don't stick to it they kind of oh woe is me like I don't deserve
this kind of why is this happening and it just seems that right now he's in one of those lulls
he's in one of those maybe feel bad for myself. Like, I don't really get what's happening, but, bud, they need you.
They need you.
Look at that.
Is that Biswa?
It looks like Kenny Smith.
That is a weird still.
That's Kenny Smith.
That's Kenny Smith from TNT, NBA on TNT right there.
He's got no MCLs on the inside.
By the way, I've seen him go one knee down shelf many times.
So it's just odd.
I feel bad for a player like this.
Dude, you're in Vancouver.
They can be some of the most ruthless fans.
They've never won a Stanley Cup, dude.
You just signed a monster extension.
Things are going to get ugly there for him if he doesn't get going.
They will get ugly. He'll if he doesn't get going. They will get ugly.
He'll be in Carolina or New York.
Yossi,
well, no, dude, if he plays like
this, they lose first round. Who would
ever take that contract on?
But Yossi, you talk about the block shots.
There was one clip. I think it was the third
period. Blocked two shots in about five
seconds right in front. Put his face right
there. Could have just got buried right in the mouth.
Didn't care.
That guy can do it all.
But Zdorov was awesome for Vancouver.
Yeah, he was.
He was great.
He threw a couple of huge hits, had a nice goal.
So at least they got him going.
And I do agree.
I think overall Vancouver outplayed him.
It's just the goaltending mismatch that would really worry me if I was a Canucks fan.
Something that's probably getting overlooked too.
Tyler Myers didn't play because of the flu.
I know that he's had plenty of criticism in the past maybe with his play,
but this year he stepped up and he adapted his game
and he's been a force for them, so that being a huge loss.
So another big body on the back end.
I think Van's going to go there and they're going to split.
I've said it since the beginning, this one's going to seven.
Also, I saw Sara Vali say that Demko's injury isn't even related to the knee.
So it's something else.
Which sucks because I thought right away, I'm like, oh, he re-aggravated it.
But no, it's a different injury, I guess.
So that's just such a kick in the dick for the Canucks organization and their fans,
because you got him back to regular season games. Here we go. Makes that save early in game one.
They get the win. Boom. You find out on the off days injured as the only guy that picked the
predators and a whole chicklets crew. I want to tell you how I came to that. It was, it's all
about the playoff experience. Yeah. Vancouver was there, these guys, but they was in that bubble. There was no fans. There was no pressure. They don't have that. It, the shots block shots was 32 to
six. You're there. Vancouver Canucks are regular season merchants as Pasha would probably like to
call them. They don't know how to play that next level in the playoffs. And that's why I got so
mad at Buffalo last year and mad at Detroit this year.
You have to use, oh, we don't want to waste an asset when we're not ready to win.
Yeah, but you got to get in that first year and lose in the first round.
So when it is your time, you have that experience like you guys did in Pittsburgh.
You got in that first round, lost to Ottawa.
Holy cow.
This is a whole different game.
Crowd, media.
These guys have never seen that because it was the bubble.
The only time they've been in there in the last two games, it's been on display.
And I am laughing right now that I have the Preds because that's going to be the series
that wins me the first round.
That's an incredible point.
They actually wrote an article after game one.
You can hop in and say whatever you're going to say. that's that's an incredible point they actually wrote an article after game one g can you can
hop in and say whatever you're going to say but there was an article in the daily hive about how
all the players on the canucks were like that was the craziest thing i've ever seen experiencing
that first game of playoffs there where the crowd was even when they even when they went behind i
think in game one or when they tied it up they just scored a goal the crowd got even louder
kind of supporting the guys so that emotional experience they had sometimes like you can go
from that high and not being used to it you're like oh so the best teams stay even keel and have
had that type of experience so just to go back to what you're saying that could definitely play a
huge factor Merles and you were pretty adamant at the bar the other night that you don't
believe that the Vancouver Canucks can win a Stanley cup with Quinn Hughes
as their number one defenseman.
No heated discussion because it just it's seven game series.
It's four series.
And if you look at all the past winners,
their main D man is a big horse,
a guy that can one block shots.
We're seeing that.
And it's not something you can just all of a sudden turn on.
You've got to be big.
You've got to know how to block shots.
And you've got to be able to stand strong for these two months
after you've done great for 82 games.
So it's just a long time on a small guy, on small defensemen,
and I think big teams, bigger D, are going to win.
So we had this discussion on the phone
after fdny so we were like okay well where do you view certain teams and where their d-man are like
so you're saying that if you want to win a stanley cup you need to have your petrangelo you need to
have your drew doughty you need to have your headman your your carlson for for washington so is is hayes getting that
guy like where do you draw the line is roman yosi that guy obviously this was like a three-hour
argument yeah the heiskanen was a good one because he i'm he's got to show me a little more he's kind
i feel like he's a little thin on that side, like where he might get worn down a little bit, but he like,
when you brought him up, he's like six, two, right?
I think he's taller than you think.
He's bigger than the car.
That that's what I kind of said.
But it's hard though.
And we looked up, then we looked up his weight.
It says it's similar.
I think my car might be heavier than Heskinen,
but Merle's made a good point.
My car trucks people.
You've seen like, you don't really see Heskinen throwing huge hits, but neither did Nicholas Lidstrom.
My thing was that I was so argumentative with Merle's about this
because he was just throwing guys aside that are really good defensemen
until I realized, oh, wait, the Oilers have Ekholm,
so we're part of his, what would it be called, equation.
We can do it. We can do it we can do it
okay so how do so how do you view Fox because he has Truba he said no he said no so you don't think
the Rangers can win a Stanley Cup because Fox is their number one yeah I don't I don't like them
to win it this year although like Miller I I'm close to moving Miller up into that number one
one b scenario with that Rangers team.
That's how much I like Miller.
And then,
and then we were talking about Carolina.
He's like slaving.
They're good.
They're part of his equation.
So there's many teams in Merle's mind that can win it.
And then if you show him a true number one defenseman,
that is small,
they're done.
They can't win the Stanley cup.
I want to last one to do it is Duncan Keith.
What's the last one we can find.
On game notes on Friday,
because we're going to have to move along this discussion,
can you show me a list of all 16 playoff teams
and show me who you would say checks that box off?
Yeah, I like that.
Okay.
I want to see who else you have.
So Roman Yossi, yes or no?
Is he getting the job done?
A little homework for me here, huh, Biz? Sending me back to school. What about Roman Yossi? yes or no? Is he getting the job done? A little homework for me here, huh, Biz?
Sending me back to school. What about Roman Yossi?
Yeah, that's a tough one, too.
Tough one?
He had 23 fucking goals this year.
He had 90 points. They're not
going to win the cup, though. He blocked shots.
He's not talking about, like,
can you withstand two and a half
months of beatings in 28
minutes and basically, like, the physicality of the playoffs?
I think Yossi would.
If he was on a better team, no doubt in my mind.
So what about the year when Letang went down for Pittsburgh
and they had no one?
They had like Dumoulin.
This was the biggest argument.
He said Dumoulin was their number one defenseman.
He said when they won it.
Dumoulin's on, then fucking Roman Yossi's on.
All right.
We'll put him in the homework assignment.
We were drunk during our argument, so it was a lot louder.
But let's move on.
Whit, you were wondering the line.
Vancouver is currently.
One of the comments is, where's Merle's getting his fentanyl?
All right.
Ouch.
All right.
I get everything else.
Not that shit.
Whit, Vancouver get everything else. Not that shit. With Vancouver currently minus 115, Nashville currently minus 105.
It's more or less a pick-em.
Nashville is plus 220 before last night's game.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
That's quite all right.
No problem.
And before we get to the Leafs Bruins, here's a few words from our friends over at NetSuite.
All right.
Before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at NetSuite. All right, before we go any further, here's a few words from our
friends at NetSuite. All right, quick math. The less your business spends on operations,
on multiple systems, on delivering your product or service, the more margin you have and the more
money you keep. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system, bringing accounting,
financial management, inventory, HR into one platform
and one source of truth. With NetSuite, you reduce IT costs because NetSuite lives in the
cloud with no hardware required, access from anywhere. You cut the cost of maintaining
multiple systems because you've got one unified business management suite. You'll improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes
into one platform, slashing manual tasks and errors.
Over 37,000 companies have already made the move.
So do the math.
See how you'll profit with NetSuite.
And by popular demand, NetSuite has extended its one-of-a-kind
flexible financing program for a few more weeks.
Head to netsuite.com
slash chicklets.
Again, that's netsuite.com
slash chicklets. And one more time
for the folks in the back, netsuite.com
slash chicklets.
Are those the Brock Faber
glasses you had on, R.A.?
No. Actually, the ones they sent, they had on, R.A.? No.
Actually, the ones they sent, they were a little too big for my head.
I do need some new glasses, though, man.
Yeah, we interviewed Brock Faber guys yesterday.
Awesome interview.
Young stud.
That was a lot of fun.
So look forward to that one coming out at some point in the near future.
And we negotiated his contract.
So you guys can send all the tweets out to everybody, Minnesota fans, all of it. Eight times eight.
It's all signed, sealed, and delivered.
Billy Guerin sent it over on fax.
And congratulations.
You've locked up your stud defenseman, Minnesota Wild fans.
He had to dodge Biz like Matrix-style bullets.
It was like, oh, Billy G sent Biz in like a hound.
And he had, leave me alone, Biz.
Leave me alone.
He knew it. He was me alone. He knew it.
He was prepped.
He knew it was coming.
Biz, your boy.
Austin Matthews' first goal of the playoffs.
A huge one.
It was the difference in game two as the Leafs tied up the series with a 3-2 win.
He not only had the goal, he had two assists on the other two goals.
23 minutes, 24 seconds of ice time.
Only Lindholm and McAvoy had more ice time.
He was a plus two.
Eight shots on net, six hits. Almost 70 of ice time. Only Lindholm and McAvoy had more ice time. He was a plus two, eight shots on net, six hits, almost 70 of the dot.
Just one of the best playoff games I think we've ever seen him play.
It was his fourth career three-point playoff game,
tied for third most in franchise history.
Also, Matthew says three goals in game twos with the Leafs are down 0-1
in each series.
All three of them have been game winners so far.
Just a huge game.
There's obviously going to go to you for this one for the double wrist,
a stroke off, whatever you want to call it.
Just a monster game for Matt.
Yeah, I'm probably going to get emotional talking about it.
It was incredible.
It was biblical is what it was.
He refused to go home 0-2.
That's it.
Simply refused.
If you watch the full game, the defensive plays
he was making, how physically engaged
he was, and that goal
and that celebration
was everything. Like, look
at that. He fucking knew
it was going to the back of the net the minute that
he alley-ooped caught that, and what a
setup by Domi. What an incredible
fucking play. And after
to go down and give it the fucking
pumper nickel after doing the shimmy
shake head fake.
It was biblical
boys. And the only
reason they were there, Sammy.
Incredible bounce back performance
by Sammy. He was fucking a dog
in that. I thought overall, aside
from the Tampa
Florida game, that that was like the best goaltending duo.
And I was shocked to see Allmark and Nett, but he made a few 10-bell saves to keep them in it.
The one on Robertson backdoor, I mean, it wasn't as nice as the one that Bobrovsky had.
But then going back to the other end in the third period, I think Sammy had three, four big ones,
especially after they'd gone up 3-2.
Maybe not as crazy about the power play if I'm a Boston fan towards the end of the game. It looked like they didn't get many looks,
but a gutsy performance with no Willie and
really no Marner. Steve
Simmons was pretty critical. He had Mr. Invisible on the Toronto
Sun this morning in Toronto.
Now, to me, that's brutal.
That, to me, is brutal.
Has he been good?
No.
There's a few clips circulating on the internet right now with him bailing out.
Some people are even showing the comparison where he's bigger in stature than Doug Gilmore was,
and they're showing Doug Gilmore clips of him fucking getting in there
and winning puck battles along the wall.
I'll say this.
I know that that's not Mitch Marner's game,
but if you're not going to be setting guys up back door for tap-ins
and buzzing around and finding those seams
and fucking dancing like Messi out there,
you better be fucking sacrificing your body
to go win a few puck battles along the walls
and not bailing
out because when you're bailing out like that it looks like shit bits for them to to finally somehow
win a stanley cup like even if you're saying he is setting guys up and he's getting apples and he's
scoring you still have to do that dude the. The Cup champions, they all do it.
And yeah, buddy, I'm not trying
to say it's easy when you're flying in. What's
Marner way? A buck 70? I don't know.
Maybe a little bit more. You're flying into
the corner. You have a step on the loose puck
and you see McAvoy. Yeah, buddy,
this one might hurt, but
you got to go take a hit to
make a play. It's like the oldest adage
in hockey. Remember Terrian talking about going to loose pucks, taking a hit to make a play. It's like the oldest adage in hockey. Remember Terry and talking about going to loose pucks,
taking a hit to make a play morals.
And yet you realize you have to go in,
you move it D to D and Chris Neal's going to run you through the wall and
Binghamton,
but you did your job.
You've got to that loose puck and to see him just totally take a different
route to go around,
let McAvoy was like,
what the hell?
And then to go in and kind of throw your body into him that's just such a hard look to see and he has 52 playoff games he's
got 10 goals so it's one of those things like the game gets so much different you could be a 100
point guy in the regular season and the little tiny amount of space and time gets taken away
it's such a tiny difference,
but it means,
and is so noticeable when you're not doing what your team needs you to do.
So like,
even if he was scoring,
I still don't think it'd be in the long run.
Okay.
For a team to see a guy ducking out on taking hits.
And that's,
what's bizarre is that Matthews does it.
He goes in and he's bigger and it's easier for him to do it.
But like,
it's, it's, it's about what your team's bigger and it's easier for him to do it. But like, it's, it's,
well,
it's about what your team's seeing and how your team's reacted to like,
this guy's are one of our best players and he's bailing out.
And so when clips like that get online and then the fan base starts getting
riled up and.
Yeah,
but I,
but I,
but I understand,
I understand what you're saying,
but if he's doing those things I said,
where he's setting guys up and,
and he's even bailing out,
I think the guys in the room understand what his game is.
And I don't know if they're going to look at it or be as critical as what
you're talking about or, or, or media,
or even former players who have one,
because I'm sure just like finding a team who didn't have a number one D man
has had a cup champion that had a guy who was a skillful player,
maybe not making as much money as Marner, doing those types of things.
But because it's Marner, because it's a Toronto Maple Leaf,
and given their past lack of playoff success,
it's just being amplified through a magnifying glass.
I agree with everything you're saying.
And if I was a coach, I would say,
Mitchie, that's a bailout.
That's not good.
If we're going to see that,
you better be giving guys fucking tap-ins.
Do your job.
Do what you're paid to do.
Fuck you, Grinnell.
Who was that, Grinnell or was that Grinnell or Fish
is that you Fishy
you piece of shit
take that off the god damn screen
that was the Toronto kid himself Elliot Fish
oh Fishy
Cavzilla back there just throwing me
under the cunkle
I thought Domi was great
Domi's been a dog man
and we talked about after Saturday's game one,
it was like they were almost too fired up.
They were taking stupid penalties.
He was able to reel it in and still be a prick.
But, yeah, like he was awesome.
I mean, that's a big goal.
What a  I mean, the crazy thing about Matthews' goal is the move is so silky.
Like that's just that little fake.
But the catch  look, the alley-oop catch, put it down,
stay on sides.
One of the goal,
that'll end up being one of the goals of the playoffs.
He was just so smooth and getting that done.
And then they end up getting a win,
which now we can go into the goaltending situation.
Now,
R.A.'s the Bruins fan.
R.A.,
you were at the game,
right?
No,
I didn't end up,
I didn't,
it didn't go over.
I watched that.
I watched.
I'm giving that to R.A.
Come on, R.A.
Let me hear it about the goaltending situation.
Now it is Mike.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
I mean, I told you what the other day.
I don't know why they were going to go back to.
I'm not go back.
Go with all Mark.
The second game.
Swain was so good.
That first game.
Thirty five out of thirty six.
Shot saved.
Made so many unbelievable saves
in that game. I just don't know why they
have to keep with this rotation thing.
It's the playoffs, man. You can't
pre-map your fucking games out in the playoffs.
You go game to game.
Go with your gut. I don't know if a guy plays
that good how you don't go back to the next game.
And if Swayman got the loss or
whatever, didn't play that great, okay, then you go to Allmark.
I just do not understand the logic of the whole rotation thing.
And, folks, you just heard Jim Montgomery's brain
trying to make the decision for the next game.
No, because all you guys chirped him last year
when he didn't do the rotation.
Yep.
I said fucking start Swayman before game three last year.
You can fucking look at Twitter.
Yeah, during the series. But you guys all wanted to stick with the rotation last year. You can fucking look at Twitter. Yeah, during the series.
But you guys all wanted to stick with the rotation last year.
We don't even fucking need Marner or Nylander.
You guys are going to fuck it up yourselves.
R.A., you're giving this man what he wants.
I'm not worried one bit.
I'm not scared at all.
The Leafs are going to do what they always fucking do,
and that's blow it.
And you know it.
I know it.
Besides last year.
Here's my prediction.
Besides last year. Here's my prediction last year here's my
prediction Nylander plays game three we see the Marner magic Swayman gets lit up for five and then
Boston talk radio and then the whole fucking city implodes and the Leafs take down the series
could you imagine if we would have drew up a script where there would be no
Nylander the first two games, no Marner, and then we'd find ourselves in this
situation of you guys having a goaltending controversy just like last year?
Mr. Rear, talk to me.
Who gave you dust, dude?
You sound like you're fucking whacked out right now.
I'm fucking ready to go.
This is playoff hockey, baby.
This is playoff hockey.
If he doesn't start swaying tonight, then I have no fucking idea what he's thinking.
For sure.
I mean, he asked us.
I mean, and not like, Omak wasn't bad.
Omak's not the reason they lost the last game, but like.
No, he played great.
He did, but it's also like, well, he gave up three goals.
The guy before gave up one goal.
I just don't understand.
I don't know.
I don't get it, Whit.
I don't get it.
Do you think it goes back to the entire city of Boston last year,
bringing up, like, why didn't you do what you did?
You had to rotate, and then almost you get into this year.
It's like, all right, I'm not doing what we did last year.
That didn't work, so we'll just ride with what's been working
since February 4th or whatever.
There's got to be some sort of last year in didn't work. So we'll just ride with what's been working this since February 4th or whatever,
but there's gotta be some sort of last year in his mind and that they never switched.
And that apparently all Mark wasn't really disclosing how injured he actually
was.
And then,
all right,
we're going to change up last year,
a disastrous loss.
And we're just going to go.
I understood doing it.
I said what I said last episode,
go till somebody loses.
And then the next guy goes till he loses.
That's what they should do.
But now, now you're in the situation where if Swayman wins tonight, you have to start him game four.
You have to.
And I don't know if they will because he stuck to his guns with Allmark last year.
And he might stick to his guns with the rotation this year.
it was guns with the rotation this year.
If Swayman wins game three,
if that actually happens and then they go back to all Mark game four,
will you lose your mind?
Like,
gee,
I want to hear from you.
What do you think the city of Boston will be saying if they go back to all Mark game four,
after a game three win from Swayman?
I think they would lose their minds.
I think the city would absolutely fucking lose it.
Felger and Maz would have the fucking riot gear out and getting everyone going.
It would be bad.
Oh, not Felger and Maz stirring the fucking pot again.
I love Tony.
I love Tony.
They've been great to me, but I can't believe how much they dictate the conversation in this town.
Even still, they are great at what they do, getting people riled up with the Bruin shit.
No? I mean, people take their fucking huesam all the time like
older people though right like i don't know man i think it's how many how many younger age people
are listening to sports talk radio that's gonna be us one day boys yeah um one last thing if we're
done on the leafs bruins i was gonna talk was going to talk about the Nylander situation.
Yeah, what are you hearing, buddy?
So my understanding is that it is head-related.
In game 81, listen, this is people texting me,
news is starting to roll out, the secrets are starting to whisper.
So he sustained it in game 81 but yet
still played game 82 and he's suffering from like migraine like symptoms i've heard from people that
he was throwing up so obviously this is a serious situation and some people want to say oh like he
should be playing no matter what because he was playing playing game 82. Like, I don't know why he played game 82.
If this was suffered in game 81, um, Elliot, Elliot Friedman spoke on this.
He doesn't think that they're handling it as far as the media, the proper way.
I agree with that.
But then you're not obviously trying to tell your opponent about what's going on with
William Nylander's head, because it just opens up the door.
If he does play for them to take run on him,
runs at him,
but that would be happening anyway.
So don't know why he played game 82.
If in fact that did happen in Florida game 81,
he played in game 82 in which he looked like a dog.
Now that he looked like he was playing concussed And none of us had any prior knowledge of that.
Once the series is over and or once this Stanley Cup playoff run is over,
once they lift Lord Stanley,
I can't wait to hear the final story as to why and how it all played out the way it did.
Stupidity at its finest.
Still don't know why he played game 82.
R.A., back to you.
Guys, real quick here, actually.
Jim Montgomery just held his press conference,
his pregame press conference, and he is pretty upset.
He's not a fan of the scheduling at all in this series.
He said, I would have rather been here Thursday, Saturday.
If I'm being honest, I think we're spending more time in Toronto
than Toronto is spending in Boston, and we're the home team.
Why are you bringing this stuff up, dude?
We might win this in six.
Toronto might win this in six.
We don't talk about the goalies.
Yeah, he puts it on himself.
He puts it on himself, Murr.
He's playing chess when you're playing checkers.
You can't be worried about where and when the games are
when the series is 1-1.
Let's go. We're here
for five days. Three days doesn't matter.
We're going to win. We're going to win.
I think Murr's on to something.
Changes the subject.
Somebody had it in there. Monty Masterclass.
Yep.
Actually,
another note on the Leafs.
Max and Ty Domi, the first father-son duo to score playoff goals for the Leafs in their history.
A couple of clicks for the Domi boys.
He was meant to be a Leaf.
They need to re-sign him.
He's a fucking bulldog.
And Matthews likes playing with him.
He likes playing with him.
That's a value add right there.
And then apparently, if Nylander does does play game three he will be slotted in
that third line position who he was doing line rushes with this morning so hey get him away from
some tough matchups a well-balanced lineup and uh sorry last last last thing i'll say on toronto um
taveras incredible performance in game two he's taken a lot of flack i wasn't crazy about him in
game one but he showed up he had that turnaround jumper just like mj uh with the chicago bulls
beautiful goal he showed up and that was a huge relief for them on the second line so
let's go leafs bees are a mental midget right now it's one one yeah it's one one uh not the biggest
mental midget the the playoffs so far.
That might be the New York Islanders.
They had a 3-0 lead with 7 minutes
left in the second period. An absolute
collapse. Carolina scored the next 5
unanswered for a 5-3 win. A 2-0
series lead heading back to Long Island.
In their history, the Islanders were
81-0 when holding the 3-goal lead
in the playoff game. No longer is that
true. It was the third three-goal
comeback win in franchise history for the
Kings slash Whalers.
Carolina had 39 shots.
Isles only had 12 shots in this game.
That's absolutely pathetic. Carolina
110 shot attempts
to 28 for the Isles. I can't
believe the game was this close anyways.
What did you see here? Are the Isles
all done? I mean, I thought they showed a little bit of life
or are they just done-zo? I mean, a lot of
vets on that team.
Maybe they get one. Maybe they get
one, but that right there was
the ultimate just
killer for a team.
The most
noticeable aspect of how disgusted
and just crushed they were was what
they were doing to Gensel after he buried that empty netter.
I think it was Brock Nelson went after him, then Paul Merritt.
They were just so angry that what just happened actually happened that they couldn't even control their temper.
Gensel didn't really do anything.
He put in the empty net.
It wasn't like Greg on Ottawa when he got cross-checked in the mouth by Riley.
He just put it in in and they were just in
shell shock. But nobody
was in more shell shock
than Frankie Borelli.
Frankie Borelli.
I've watched this.
I've watched this.
I can't make it up.
It's Corsese.
I can't make it up.
That's just... This is the best cup of all time. I can't make it out! It's Corsese. I can't make it!
That's just, that's just, that's just... Okay, this is the best clip of all time.
I think... it's coming.
Look at him! I can't believe it!
All these fans!
They're sh... what just... look at him. I can't believe it. All these fans. Look at Frankie.
What just happened?
Oh, my God.
Holy shit.
Oh, I couldn't listen to him.
What happened?
I don't know, Frankie.
Look at this guy.
What the fuck just happened?
Look at this guy.
Look at this guy.
They were still showing the highlight from the tying goal.
I know.
So I didn't realize that.
So they were showing.
Cut off that for a second.
Cut off that, please, Fishy.
So they were showing.
The broadcast was showing the replay of the tying goal,
and they came back too late.
I think it was within one second.
Yeah, boom, boom.
So I understood Islanders fans.
Frankie, I've watched that video at least 200 times.
And the best part of the video is there's somebody in the back of Borelli's
that you could hear yell out, look out!
And then you just hear the horn.
And it's shock.
And the thing is, the Islanders, yeah, you had the 3-0 lead.
Dude, you were dominated like no team's been dominated in the playoffs so far.
You had zero business winning that game.
I don't care that it was 3-0.
That was just peppering nonstop over Alamov.
So you got to go back to Soroka.
Frankie Borelli dusted me in golf in New York.
He played unbelievable.
His career low is 72.
So I don't feel as bad for him as what happened in this
because the guy just owned me.
But that video, I will watch that when I need a pick-me-up in five years.
And the thing is, his dad, God bless his dad.
He's the man.
He had a big heart procedure, and he's doing great.
But they brought him back.
He had a pillow.
He was hugging the pillow just to, I think, remind himself to not go crazy.
3-0 first pitch.
Let's send dad home.
Can't handle it.
And Frankie says in the video, hopefully this doesn't jinx us.
Oh, what a breakdown, Woody.
That was the funniest I've ever laughed.
Somebody else, look out!
The Islanders are going to Island.
And going back to game one, I felt like
they deserve to win it.
So they should technically be up to nothing in this series.
And people are, whoa, whoa, whoa.
They got drummed with all these numbers, offensive zone possession, a shot attempts, this, that,
and all the above, but it doesn't matter.
They were up three, nothing in a hockey game and they kept taking fucking penalties and
just feeding into the momentum, which was the Carolina Hurricanes attack.
And then eventually the levy broke and, hey,
chicklets bumped to our boy Jarvis.
He was tremendous.
Huge.
Oh, but fuck me, man.
The Islanders, the amount of joy they provide based on their own misery
and demise to the hockey world, like they have to be commended for it.
They still had, they kind of had no business being in playoffs too,
but the amount of entertainment they're providing in the short series,
that will be fucking, I'd say, I'd say it's done in five.
Now I would have said six, a hard series, but done in five, brutal,
brutal loss.
Merle's you played all over the place, a bunch of different teams.
How bad does a loss like this demoralize it, demoral a team oh i think that's the worst there is the only positive is they are
going home so you can kind of bank on that i remember when we were in wilkes-barre that's
what we would always do like doesn't matter we're going to win our home games so as long as they can
come out first period get a lead this time they'll hold on to it that's their only hope but
that canes team i was talking
to wit during the game like they're not dead yet like they i've seen this team do this they score
they score quick and they did it so that game moved them right up my rankings as a as a stanley
cup winner right i had them in regulation biz i put a pretty big bet on them in regulation on my
clock so then it was three nothing and yance texted my buddies at home group chat and was like,
hey, live bet Carolina. They're winning
this game. And I waited till it was
3-1. So they tied it up and I was already
happy enough. I'm like, alright, I'm alive in
overtime. I think it was plus 280
right around there. I'm like, alright.
And dude, when they scored that fourth
goal, I was the same as Borelli,
but I was the opposite. I was screaming.
My wife's praying.
I was, oh, my God, they're going to win in regulation.
And I just couldn't believe it.
And part of it was the broadcast came back.
How did Martin even get the puck?
Oh, it was a great forecheck on Dobson.
Dobson kind of had, I don't want to say a soft play,
but an awesome forecheck.
And Martin McBarry's, you didn't even see it happen live.
And just the shock and awe of that ending.
And Carolina sticking to it, dude.
That team, there's no quitting that team.
There was never any quitting Bryn DeMoor.
And I think the fact that they went out and in front of their home crowd
had this amazing comeback, it makes me think it might be a sweep.
That's something that's just like, all right, we got this game.
Look at Martin.
This is a guy that was on waivers last season in training camp, dude.
And he's scoring a game-winner, shocking come-from-behind win,
and the Islanders have to go back to Sorokin
and hopefully maybe get game three, and they're somewhat alive.
I don't know, though.
Yeah, we'll see what happens.
Biz, do you think the fact that they're a veteran-heavy team
maybe works in their favor as far as brushing this loss off a little bit quicker?
No, that should have been the reason they didn't fucking give up a three-goal lead.
But it's been happening all season long.
Like, this is a team.
I don't know the exact stats, but I think that they gave up 12 third-period leads this year,
like, under the last 10 minutes of the game too.
And like,
in some cases they were multiple goal leads.
So this was a problem they had all throughout the time,
even after Patty walk took over,
it's kept happening.
And then finally he kind of called out the goalies and then they went on
that last,
you know,
a 15 game run,
whatever it was.
And then you think that,
okay,
that problem's resolved.
No,
right back to their regular season habits. 15-game run, whatever it was, and then you think that, okay, that problem's resolved. No.
Right back to their regular season habits.
This is the same team that we saw game one, the real Fugazis in New York.
Three-goal lead in playoff.
Look at the blood pressure on Paddy Waugh.
Look at him.
He's ready to pop.
Instant pan. Instant pan.
I mean, and as you see,
every team's going to be losing, guys.
This is the playoffs.
Brett Pesci, non-contact injury.
What is the good news?
It doesn't sound long-term.
Usually those non-contact ones are the disasters.
That was the end of my career,
just taking a stride, boom, ankle, done, tendon gone.
It sounds like it could be the rest of the first round,
and that may be it, and hopefully they can get him back.
He's a huge part of that defense.
Up there, top three say overall
best defense, one to six in the league.
So that's kind of a
kick in the dick. But luckily they have enough guys to be
able to step up and at least finish off the
Islanders without him. Yep. Well said
Whit. Alright, before we get to
Vegas and Dallas, we got a few words from our friends
at Viator. Alright right, before we get to Vegas and Dallas, we got a few words from our friends at Viator.
All right, guys, before we go any farther, I want to talk to you about our good friends at Viator.
And when this season ends, I'm getting out of here.
I'm booking a trip, hopefully going to Italy.
But our good friends at Viator are going to help me do all that.
And Viator is a tool that you can use to plan and book your travel experiences all around
the world. The Viator app and website make it easy to explore 300,000 plus travel experiences
so you can discover what's out there no matter where you're traveling or what you're interested
in. Viator can help you plan better travel experience. And that's all that matters here.
We need to travel better. 300,000
plus travel experiences to choose from means you can plan something that fits everyone's needs
that you're traveling with so they all enjoy. Enjoy real travel reviews to get inside information
from people who have already been on experiences that you're considering. There's also free cancellation. That's the best.
Free cancellation helps you plan all the unexpected. Plus, Viator offers 24-7 customer
service so you know you'll get the support at any hour if things aren't going as planned.
Download the Viator app right now and use code VIator10 for 10 off your first booking in the app.
Find the perfect travel experiences for you.
Do more with Viator.
I love, I love Viator.
Thanks, Mark G.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
All right, boys, moving along here.
Just one minute and 23 seconds
Into game one who else biz but
Mark Stone made his presence felt with his
First goal of the playoffs gave Vegas
A lead they would not relinquish in a 4-3
Win to take a 1-0 series lead over
Dallas Stone of course
Missed the last 26 games of the regular
Season with a lacerated spleen
Came off LTIR just in time for
Game one much to the chagrin of Vinny in the NHL but the rules 56 games of the regular season with a lacerated spleen. Came off LTI just in time for game one.
Much to the chagrin of Vinny in the NHL, but the rules are the rules.
Chicago got away with it.
Tampa Bay got away with it.
They play by the rules.
That's what they are.
Vegas up 1-0.
What was your take on this tilt?
Ultimate heel.
The Dallas fans were giving it to him throughout that interview. ultimate heel. Hey, the Dallas,
the Dallas fans were giving it to him throughout that interview. Like you couldn't even really hear that was awesome.
I'm I picked Dallas.
I picked Dallas in six might end up being seven.
I'm not worried if I'm a Dallas stars fan,
I'm not.
And Merz Merz has made it clear that he just loves Vegas.
I think he called them a super team.
And yeah,
you get carry it back. You get Petro back. You get stone back. It's a hell Vegas. I think he called them a super team. And yeah, you get Carrier back.
You get Petro back.
You get Stone back.
It's a hell of a squad.
Hurdle gets a nice goal.
Hannafin two assists.
They bring him in.
It's a great team.
Dallas outplayed them, boys.
Dallas outplayed them.
Okay?
Ottinger had some struggles, and he figured it out, and he was amazing.
That was a bad game for Jake Ottinger.
But you're looking at the shots around two to one.
You're looking at  and you know what?
To be fair, Thompson let in a horrible one.
That Marchmont goal was probably the worst of the playoffs so far.
But Dallas played well, dude.
And Dallas was down 2-0.
They were down 3-1, I believe.
And they're fine.
They are completely fine.
They're going to need Ottinger to be better.
But if they play the same way and Ottinger is able to kind of figure it out the way he had the whole second half of the year, they're going to win.
They're going to win tonight. This series will be tied up. They're just as good as Vegas. There's
no panic in me in terms of betting and picking Dallas, and I like the team. I want to shout out
though, Stankoven's back check and strip of the puck on stone, then feeding Robertson. He did it
against Winnipeg earlier in the year. He ended up scoring the goal when he went to the net. I love that guy.
I love the stars. I'm not worried. Yeah, Vegas is scary, dude. They're Stanley Cup champs for
a reason. Of course, Marshall gets one unreal goal. He got he got the same exact chance three
seconds after the goal, too. They came came in they hit him in the same spot and
Ottinger saved that one but it's going to be it's going to be a seven game series I was crazy
picking in six I think everyone knows this is going seven but if I'm Dallas leaving that game
all right we lost the first one we lost home ice advantage but we are fine the game we just played
will be good enough and we'll be able to step it up a little bit more. I'm not worried. I mean, what was a bigger lock, Game 5 win at home for Vegas
or the fact that Mark Stone was going to open the scoring in this series?
Game 5 and back.
I wouldn't be doing this podcast if I was smart enough to bet
what I should have bet, Game 5 and Vegas.
The fact that he took it all in, too, and he's like,
oh, I couldn't hear the question, just like mocking the crowd.
This guy has turned in to the ultimate heel.
And he's already playing with the house's money.
He's already got his cup.
An unreal playoff performance.
And he's fully back and healthy and ready to dominate.
Listen, I would say through half that game, I would say it was pretty even.
But in the second half of the game was when Dallas really took over.
They didn't give up any shots in the second and third period.
I agree with you.
I actually think we're going to see a better Vegas team in game two because
these guys haven't all played together for a long time.
It's basically like half the lineup's new.
They're getting fucking used to their tendencies again.
So Dallas, who's had a great special teams all year long, great penalty kill.
They give up two in the first game.
They'll just make some adjustments, figure it out.
I agree with you, though, Whit.
This one's going the distance.
But a lot of pressure on our boy, the Glassbanger, going into game two at home.
This fucking asshole is bringing so much bad juju to the lower bowl there.
That could be part of the reason why Ottinger's off.
So he is making a fuss about the fact that he can't hold up his LTIR sign.
So that's the bang sign he holds.
And then he bangs the glass and he's annoying all game long.
So he thinks he's helping the team by making it all about himself.
And everyone who has season tickets hates this guy's guts.
He's threatening them online, saying that he'll fucking beat them up on the concourse
because they don't like the fact that he's taking away from the play.
This isn't some guy like Frank the Tank all the way up, maybe being loud, but not in front of you.
This guy is sitting on the glass making it all about himself creating
noise and being a glass banger the entire time this is 10 times worse in my opinion
than the grown-up guy who brings a ball glove to the park oh you know the guy who goes and gets
the home runs did you see a guy with the tackle kids and grabs the home run ball and he's fucking
elbowing 10 year old girls so he can collect his 110th home run ball.
But glass banger is 10 times worse than this guy.
And he's bringing hook daddies to the game is flavor of the week,
whichever one he is.
If you're going to bring one,
at least have her fucking tits hanging out on the glass to distract the
opposing goalie,
as opposed to making it about yourself,
sit there,
shut the fuck up with daddy's tickets,
sit in the seat, and put some nice bolt-ons on the glass,
and then maybe, just maybe, you'll get a win in game two at home.
You fucking distraction.
Bang him on the glass, huh?
Dallas could be in the cup finals.
Game seven in Dallas, and all six games could have been four,
three in overtime, the greatest series of all time.
And someone is like, Hey, I got tickets to game seven.
You want to go?
Yeah, I'm in.
Well, my seats are right next to glass back.
I'd say, sorry, bud.
I'll watch this.
I'm going to, I'm going to a Buffalo wild wings for this.
This, this poor, these poor people in this section spending big time money on tickets have to deal with this clown is just nightmare fuel.
And somebody said on Twitter, because he's coming at me, I pay for my tickets.
Somebody said it's his dad's tickets.
Somebody said there is old man's tickets.
So he's just bringing hook daddies, taking daddy's tickets.
He's the Zach Hyman of glass bangers, I said.
It's nepotism at its finest,
and he's ruining the Dallas Stars' chance in this series.
So they need to get on the road and get rid of this clown,
or else who knows, they could be down for the count
because of one man sitting on the glass.
So I asked, I said, be self-aware.
Give your tickets away for game two.
Don't be a distraction.
And fuck you, I paid for my ticket.
You're going to want to keep making it about himself.
If they go down 0-2, I think that Jim Nill and coaching staff
and the organization needs to release a statement
and ban this guy from banging on the glass
and from distracting the
rest of the amazing season ticket holders that have paid their own hard
earned money to not watch this dickhead riding shotgun with the hook daddy
flavor of the week.
And he said,
Oh,
I played hockey before you ain't played hockey before buddy.
Tonsil hockey with the fucking pay for play special.
As I tweeted out,
you're going to pay extra for that.
Don't you? to kiss some biz?
That's  yes.
DF  I think they call it DFC.
You have to pay extra.
And my buddy told me that.
Oh, yeah, you got to pay extra.
What's DFC?
Deep French kiss.
That's extra.
That would be K.
DFK.
That would be DFK, but
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah, not a C.
How much extra?
I think my buddy paid an extra 100 for a D-F-K.
So you can taste what 17 Trojans feel like.
All right, moving right along.
I would rather that than sit next to Glassbanger.
that than sit next to Glassbanger.
Don't you guys
love Dallas tonight, though?
Betting-wise?
Come back at home, tie this thing up.
EBR rule number five.
If the team loses the home game
one, you always hammer them game two.
This is the only chance we got it in the first round.
I'm with you, Murr.
Witty, your boys jumped out to a four-none lead.
Zach Hyman, the first hat-trick of the playoffs.
Oilers take game one with a 7-4 win over L.A.
McDavid, five assists.
The first player with five assists in a playoff game since Jeff Cortnall way back in 98.
Evan Bouchard, the only Edmonton defenseman to get any points.
He actually had four of them.
Adam Henrique, 4,333 days between playoff goals and NHL record.
And Skinner stopped 33 out of 37 shots.
Whit, we got to go to you.
Oilers, up 1-0.
Are they looking good?
How are you feeling right now, buddy?
Oh, I feel incredible.
I said it would be five games.
I don't think there's a way that the LA Kings can even slow these guys down.
They got to
figure out something but that was domination domination it was the best period the oilers
played all season in the first period it could have been six nothing after the first period
just mcdavid coming out like that oh we got mckinnon mvp or kucherov oh hold on a minute
because i'm connor mcdavDavid and I'm going to be flying around
the ice and I'm going to make Mikey Anderson
my bitch about four different times
throughout the game. What, R.A.?
What? No, no. Just react and see
what you said. No. Yeah. Did you
see? He owned him. He's working
his triangle like Glassbanger
and his hook daddies.
And Hyman?
Oh, I had this phenomenal year over 50 goals.
I'm in that nepotism, baby.
I ain't slowing down in the playoffs.
I'm going to bury a bunch in the crease.
I'm going to get open for McDavid.
People, oh, he plays with McDavid.
Big deal.
You got to know how to play with somebody like that.
Leon buries that shot.
Leon mastering that shot with his feet on the goal line going shelf short side.
There's a view that the Oilers tweeted out. Still about this goal from last night they tweeted it yesterday it's from
behind the net oh my god he picks a corner the size of the puck and just roops it celebrates
crazy I love Henrik playing with McDavid we got something cooking with that that line we got
something cooking putting Henrik there and I just think that that the Kings, I mean, it was 7-4, dude.
They had one goal go in off Nurse.
Dubois' goal was complete lock off, a rebound right off his foot.
And then the other goal, CeCe went to make a pass,
and his stick disintegrated, and they buried another one.
Here's what I was disgusted about in this game.
That Trevor Moore hit on DeJarne.
That should be a suspension.
That's bullshit. You're going hit on DeJarne. That should be a suspension. That's bullshit.
You're going directly at a guy's knees. That's intent to injure in my mind. He got a penalty for it. I don't know how you don't at least get fined. Just goes right underneath submarine style.
Didn't like that. But what else are you going to do if you're the Kings? You're going after the
sixth defenseman. You got to stay out of the penalty box. I said, this is one of the greatest power plays in the history of the league. People come in. They're not even
top three in the league, top five in the league this year. Have you seen the past few playoffs?
If you get a penalty, you're fucked. They were at 75. I think they were three for four
and they just snap it around with ease. LA has no answers for this team right now.
Will they be able to tighten it up in
the neutral zone? If they don't, it's a sweep. It's the Edmonton Oilers reaching new levels.
Matias Ekholm, their true number one. Even though Bouchard is their power play guy,
he gets points. I love how he moves the puck out of the zone. Ekholm's their beast. He broke up a
ton of plays in the first period, playing physical, doing his echo mean Swedish cross checks in front of the net with a big old beard.
Merle's number one D can win a Stanley Cup style guy.
And the Oilers just dream start.
The arena was rocking.
And, yes, these are late games.
People on the East Coast, my friends, they want to watch McDavid.
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
I got to wait until the conference finals if they make it.
I said, fine.
I don't really blame you.
This is my job. This is blame you. This is my job.
This is my passion.
This is my team.
I will be awake, live, nonstop tweeting throughout every game,
enjoying the madness that is Edmonton Oiler hockey.
What a breakdown, Woody.
Boy, what a breakdown.
I was going to keep going.
It's just phenomenal.
Nothing else to say.
Jazz sent me a crazy stat.
We talked about the value of Hyman's contract and how he exceeds it.
Home hat tricks based on hat sales.
He's actually exceeded the amount of money he's brought in for the organization
from his home hat tricks on hat sales alone.
So tell me that fucking five and a half ain't working with what he's doing.
That's fucking crazy.
And the only other thing I have on this, uh, discipline has been an issue in the past two
series with the LA Kings over the Edmonton Oilers, where the Oilers have just pounded
them.
If they don't remain disciplined, they're fucked with it's over.
It's all said and done.
They could be fucked.
If, if they don't take another penalty, the rest of the series, they could be fucked.
But yeah,
it's real dead man walking
if you're going to take penalties
and go to the box against this team.
There's no stopping them.
They put McDavid on either side.
Bouchard has a cannon up top,
four apples.
I think there was a stat.
I wish I'd written it down.
I'm so dumb not doing that.
He's got 30 points
in I think his first 29 playoff games. One of a few
D-men to ever do it. McCarr didn't even do it. It's amazing that he's able to shoot the puck
the way he does and have the vision he does, and he's got amazing guys to just dish it off to.
It's just a great team, and I'm not getting ahead of myself, even though it sounds like I am.
It's a long, long playoff. It's a long series. But as I said, win game one and two at home, lose game three in L.A.,
win game four in L.A., win game five at home,
and then we rest a little bit.
Vancouver and Nashville are going seven.
Merrill, what do the Kings need to do different to hang around the series?
Pray.
Yeah.
Get some new players.
Or new defensemen that can skate with McDavid,
like my car or something like that.
But yeah,
I don't,
I don't see them putting up much a fight.
Uh,
Kempe,
I love watching that guy.
He seems to do something every night,
but I'm going to be on the Oilers again tonight.
I can't wait to stay up.
I was telling Whit earlier.
I think I'm as tired as the players trying to stay up for these games.
And then the kids are up five hours later.
But it's the playoffs.
We got to grind away.
So the due date of number three is two weeks from today for the Whitney family.
It's a home birth, just like Wyatt was.
So one of these nights, I'm going to come off the West Coast games.
And she might go into labor an hour later.
And then I'm looking at a 24 24 hour shift of hockey and birth in the
bedroom.
And here we go.
But I'm ready.
I'm ready to deal with what's coming.
And I just know the birth will be a lot easier when she's pushing and she's
in labor.
I'm going to say, babe, the Oilers won tonight.
They closed it out.
Come on, get this baby out.
We got some rest before round two.
And she said, OK, boom, number three will be out. Come on, get this baby out. We got some rest before round two. And she'll say, okay, boom, number three will be out.
So I'm excited for a lot of things going on in my life right now.
The Edmonton Runners being number two,
only because we're bringing new Whitney life into this world.
Exciting times, exciting times.
And we got one last story to get to.
But before we get to that, we have some words from our friends at Verizon.
Here we go.
It is live ad read time.
Guys, I've been a Verizon user since I had a cell phone.
That's why I have the honor of bringing to you this live ad read.
You already know that Verizon is the network America relies on.
But did you know you can get the network you want from your phone and your home?
Get Verizon for both mobile and home and save. So you can make sure whatever
it is you're following, this year's Oscar movies, the hockey playoffs, the Sharps football draft
projections, it's all good, whether you're at home or not at home. And when you switch, get ready for the iPhone deal of the iPhone 15 Pro, iPad, and Apple Watch SE.
The network you want on the tech you love, simply better together, only on Verizon.
And the call to action, visit verizon.com slash barstool or your local Verizon store to shop and learn more.
Wow.
Pretty good.
Hooked on phonics, bitches.
Great job.
Glass banger could never.
Oh, my God.
Busy boy.
Good job.
I stumbled one line, but whatever.
That's okay.
Yeah.
Can't faking be perfect. You crushed the under. Burles, but whatever. That's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Can't fucking be perfect.
You crushed the under.
Burles, big news up in the other end of the woods.
Sabres bringing back franchise icon Ruffles.
Lindy Ruff coached the team once again.
Can you believe this?
Were you shocked by the signing of what?
Completely shocked by it.
It was the last guy I would have thought was coming back.
I felt like that was the end of the road like the capitals for him in new jersey but i mean i i don't know i i'm completely shocked
i made a joke that they should bring back miller and comley and peters and and just try to relive
the whole thing again but they're they're in it's not the answer for me for me it's just lazy
like what and if you were gonna if you were gonna hire him
do it later in the summer to at least maybe make it look like you've interviewed other candidates
to get to the bottom of like maybe why the coach isn't getting through to the players or not why
you're not seeing any type of of progress I think we knew that Don Granato wasn't the answer based
on the fact he was probably too much of a player's coach.
And I don't want to say that in a negative sense, maybe too soft on these guys, where I think in order to get to that next level, I think we've talked about it on a few podcasts leaving up.
They need to understand structure and play 82 games of consistent hockey.
82 games of consistent hockey.
It's too much. Like he gave them the leash to play that,
uh,
um,
um,
pond hockey style.
And a few years ago,
um,
when Tate Thompson was lightening up,
like everyone was saying,
and most of them were,
they were saying,
okay,
this is the future.
This is what it's going to look like next year.
And then we're going to fill in these holes with other guys.
And it's going to help with our defensive game.
And it's going to bring us to that next level.
So what do they do? Uh, I got a week after the season, these holes with other guys, and it's going to help with our defensive game, and it's going to bring us to that next level.
So what do they do?
A week after the season, they hire an old coach who just had awful success in New Jersey where that kind of seemed to be one of the topics
is he couldn't get through to the younger players there.
I don't give a flying fuck what Lindy Ruff's success was way back when
with the Buffalo Stabbers
and the fact that you maybe wanted a nostalgic hire to revive the energy of the fan base
after 13 years of playoff drought misery.
Lazy hire.
If you were going to go back to him, do it in July where you could say,
guys, we've gone through the interview process with all these different candidates.
Who the fuck else did they even interview?
There was no time.
Probably no one because they
Listen, I could be completely wrong.
He could go in there, and all of a sudden, boom,
they look like the old Sabres of the past,
and he brings them to the promised land and back to playoff hockey.
I may be wrong, but if they miss playoffs next year and it doesn't look any better,
how stupid do you look?
Do they even give a flying fuck or is it just based on nostalgia?
This hire?
I think it's based on the fact that this,
this,
this hires kind of,
it's going to be Kevin Adams career on the line in Buffalo a little bit.
So what happens is these GMms in my opinion they're not ready or willing to kind of risk
their job security on a new guy who hasn't proven himself that's what we all wanted this is when you
stay away from the old boys club and you go to a new guy like we mentioned david carl who knows
if he would have even taken it if he was offered it somebody like carberry's done a great job new hire you go back to somebody that you know
that you think you can understand how he'll approach the team but to me it's like oh it was
just i think that the year before in jersey he did a great job right and they won the first round and
then this year they had andrew burnett they did true but but he was the head coach and then this year they lose hamilton they
have all these injuries but it was a disaster so the fact is he it gets hired after this brutal
year in jersey where chance fans are chanting fire lindy basically all season and then you take him
in in buffalo in this make or break hiring where you need this team to get out of this funk, this over decade long funk.
And you go back to an older coach who does not have a great rep currently in the league because of what's happened in the past few years or last this year.
It was very shocking. It was shocking to me.
But you got to at least wait a little bit. But I know what you're saying.
It was shocking to me. You got to at least wait a little bit, but I know what you're saying.
Do you think, like you just said, like he wasn't,
Calvin Adams wasn't really willing to risk his future on,
let's say a guy like, I'm drawing a blank on the Denver U coach,
like a young coach.
Yeah, yeah, Carl.
Carl, Carl.
You think that he sat down and thought maybe what the public opinion
and the backlash would have been on a
like that's that's what i'm saying so if anything in my opinion it's either the ownership which i'm
hearing is trying to sell the team or at least a large portion of the team they forced that higher
or because he was comfortable enough when did kevin adams he played in buffalo didn't he
he played in carolina I don't know.
Did he definitely play in Buffalo, Murr?
Was Lindy Ruff the coach when he was there?
Kevin Adams was an assistant coach when Lindy Ruff was the head coach.
So that comfortability is probably why Lindy Ruff has the job in Buffalo right now.
But like you said, he's risking his job by making this higher.
I think if Buffalo doesn't make the playoffs next year i think he's done i think i think it's done and i don't think lindy
rough's the guy to get them there all right remember when you listed last show um how many
coaches the sabers have had in this in this 13 year? Is it eight? The fact that they hired a guy that was one of the eight,
it's like, holy shit.
You've had all these coaches in this brutal run in Buffalo,
and you actually hired one that was one of the guys before?
That's what it was like.
This makes no sense, dude.
No sense at all.
And they had some good teams when he was there,
but it was a different time.
I don't know if he can get in there
and force guys to play defense. There's going to
be some big signings they have to make, or
trades, to figure out becoming
a physical tough-to-play against
squad. I just...
I was shocked.
Yeah. Yeah, I was very surprised
as well, but actually,
one last news clip that came over yesterday.
Jake Vorachuk, a friend of the program we had him on a few years ago,
officially retired yesterday.
He actually the 10th most points in Philadelphia Flyers history.
I was surprised to read that.
I know he was there for a good stretch.
But I would say one of the funniest characters we had on the show.
I know it was probably seven or eight years ago we had him on,
but just an absolutely hilarious guy.
We'd love to get him back on for another visit.
But Jake,
congratulations,
buddy.
You are a hell of a,
hell of a player,
hell of a guest here on checkouts.
And we'd love to get you back on the show.
But boys wrapping up the first live show here.
Any final thoughts,
any things you want to put out there before we do it?
Yeah,
I'll give a few picks out for tonight that I'm going to be riding with. Bruins
game, I'm going to have Zaka to get a point
and then Bertuzzi to get three
shots. In the Vegas game, I'm
taking the over. I'm taking
Barbashev to get a point and I'm taking
the Stars money line for EBR
rule. In the late game,
Kings Oilers, I'm going over again.
I'm taking Dreisaitl to get two
points plus 175 and I'm going to be on your Oilers with Oilers, I'm going over again. I'm taking Dreisaitl to get two points plus 175.
And I'm going to be on your Oilers wit.
Oilers three-way minus 115.
Oh, that's a hammer time tonight.
McDavid and Leon, third and fourth all time in points per game in the playoffs.
That's crazy.
We talk about some disappearing acts.
These guys get even better in the playoffs.
It's that impressive.
And last thing I'll say, besides thank you for tuning in,
this has been a blast.
We'll be seeing you Monday again at noon for our next live show.
And tonight, tonight, we got Bruins Leafs.
It'll be myself.
I think Biz will definitely be able to do most of it,
but he's covering the Oilers tonight for TNT.
Merles is going to maybe be for the second and third period.
We're going to have some special guests.
And last year, we had a blast.
These live streams, you can tune in.
We'll get the chat going.
And I can't wait.
A huge game in T.O.
And Armdog's calling the Oilers game tonight, too,
so he'll be with us as well.
So they're having people call it from in studio, huh?
No comment.
We can believe that.
Oh, they're not supposed to know that?
Well, they do now. No, Bruins leaves. Bru can believe that. They're not supposed to know that. What do they do now?
No, Bruins Leafs.
We're live.
7 o'clock, and then Monday, we're doing it live again, 11 o'clock Monday, boys.
All right, everyone?
Oh, it's 11 Monday.
Great job, Breer.
Okay.
All right.
Hey, all right.
Great job, Murr.
Thanks for joining.
Great job by all you guys actually showing up on time, because whenever we do the regular
podcast, it never starts on time. So congrats to you three. Very true. All right, boys. All right. on time. Cause whenever we do the regular podcast, it's never starts on time.
So congrats to you three.
Very true.
All right,
boys.
Awesome time.
See you in a few hours.
We love you.
Check out station.
We love you guys.
Go Leafs.
Go.
