Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
It's my duty to please the booty.
And Muzz got mad at me. The coach said, he goes, Jesus Christ, why don't you just wear two nines?
And I went, okay.
Ah, I'll stretch the car.
Please, please, please never do that.
Yep.
So.
Catch the car.
Please, please, please never do that.
Yep.
So.
Spit and Chick.
That's presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam.
But you hear the boss.
What's up, gang?
Playoffs in full swing.
Only had one handshake line over the weekend, thankfully.
Lots of stuff to talk about.
Let's go to the merman first.
Matt Merley, what's going on, buddy? How you been?
Oh, you got to hit that mute button. Oh, he's muted.
Oh, he's muted. That's one.
Do a loser lap. I'm the live
guy. I'm the live guy.
He's got to do a loser lap.
He's got to do a loser lap. I am a loser
right now. I coached in the
charity Capital Cup Classic
and we lost in the finals again. It's like the fourth year in a row I Capital Cup Classic and we lost in the finals again.
It's like the fourth year in a row I've coached
and we lost in the finals. This is the guy
who was like, I'm the live
guy. You guys are stealing my live
show idea. He's talking into
outer space. Nobody's hearing him.
Fucking Johnny Gosselin over there.
Oh, well. We'll go to the
biz man next. Paul Biz Nasty.
He's crushing fucking TNT lately.
Playoffs, out of your mind.
Going bananas.
What's going on, buddy?
My Leafs.
My Leafs.
Took 15 seconds of the undercatch once again.
What a fucking soap opera.
I mean, yeah, if this soap opera is just one loser over and over and over.
Quentin Tarantino fucking screenplay.
Never getting laid and being a loser.
Well, they're definitely getting
laid, but they're losers.
Yeah, that's where they're spending all that fucking energy.
I'm running on fumes,
but oh my God, some incredible
games, amazing hockey.
TNT's been a blast. We had
Armdog, your co-host of Game Notes
in yesterday. We retired
his iron shirt up to the rafters with Wayne's sweater vest.
So it's been awesome.
I'm sure you guys have having a blast live.
Whit, congratulations to your Oilers.
Stuart Skinner, oh my God.
Not over yet, but thank you.
But thank you.
Incredible game.
He needed to steal one, but, I mean, we won't dive into everything yet.
I mean, it's just been hockey hockey hockey for me and uh it's actually been fun collabing with uh shack hyman and charles
barkley on the broadcast as well so uh it's just been a fun three days guys and uh i love it i love
it there it is when i saw this picture like you're a big dude like six three two i don't know 25 and i'm like oh my god i've never
seen or been around shack i had one of his sneakers when i was little he makes you look
like a straight up midget like a little person and and imagine that dude's dumper in front of
the net it was just it was oh i i just couldn't believe seeing him standing there how little you
looked oh yeah when he was screening Lundquist too.
And the best part about it.
So we, when we get in studio with them, they get the main room, right?
So normally when we're on, on Wednesdays, I think they have Tuesday, Thursday shows.
So we never really cross over.
So they take over our room and we get pigeon tossed to like the living room aspect of it.
You guys have been there, but he'll come by and he won't even say anything to us.
He'll just come by and he'll just start skating.
He'll just go.
And he just does it and like goes by.
He does it all the time.
So Ace started calling him Shaq Hyman
because he's always in the blue paint.
And it's like, it'd be awesome if Shaq could come out
and do a segment as Shaq Hyman.
So he came out unbeknownst to us, just did it, didn't talk,
and then came out again yesterday and then did the backwards skating.
So it's just been a blast.
And then obviously Charles giving it the Leafs guarantee,
the fucking mush man.
We got a new mush man, not you, Witty.
There it is.
I mean, you're right.
You're right with me.
And this guy, you giving him the hat and that stupid penguin suit and him screaming,
it's a guarantee.
It was just, I mean, you guys also buried him with silly string right after he's guaranteeing
a win.
I was like, I don't even get the silly string bit going on here, but the losers from the
start of that whole skit, you guys did.
I didn't silly string them.
The rest of the guys did to shut them up about the Leafs.
Cause I yap about them all the time.
But that's something they do on their set.
But the fact that he gave it the guarantee
and then that game happened with the drama on the bench
after they get shellacked.
William Nylander coming back and he's got the pink suit
with the blouse coming in.
Maybe just kind of fly under the radar a little bit
coming in for your first game of playoffs after missing three,
after playing all 82,
the fuck is going on,
but I'll throw it back over to you.
Um,
our race,
you could tee up our boy,
witty.
It's been a good couple of days for him with back to back in LA,
the wit dog,
Ryan Whitney.
How's it going,
pal?
How was your weekend?
Looked like you had some fun on the internet.
It was phenomenal.
I had a blast on the internet.
But first, I want to say this.
I want to say this show was brought to you by Pink Whitney.
Take your shot with Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam's own pink lemonade-flavored vodka,
the number one selling flavored vodka in North America.
It's an honor to be a part of it.
It's an honor to have my name on it.
We can't thank New Amsterdam enough.
We can't thank everyone out there enough for drinking it, giving it a shot.
It's this time of year.
It's Pink Whitney season, spring into summer, playoffs into the beach,
and the Leafs will be on the golf course pretty soon,
so they can really enjoy their nips every time they make a birdie,
more like a bogey because they're the Leafs.
But if anything, check out the new 1.75 liter bottle.
It's a beautiful big old bastard that you can just carry around to the party.
You fill up everyone's drinks and have a grand old time.
Shout out New Amsterdam's Pink Whitney.
And thank you for taking part in drinking it with us, whether it's at your liquor store, getting the nips in the big bottles or at a local bar where you could do a shot or make a mixie.
So thank you so much.
Now back to me.
Thanks for introducing me.
Once again, I love being live, guys.
I don't know what it is.
I was born to be live, baby.
We'll do it live.
I'm going to put my name on it.
You want to record the Pink Whitney ad before?
No.
We'll do it live, just like this whole goddamn show, just like the Oilers
are alive, just like the Oilers are winning
close, low-scoring playoff
games finally, just like I guaranteed
they'd go back to Edmonton up 3-1.
We're not starting there, though.
I have plenty to say. Had a Spaces
after the game last night that was very
successful, did about 12 minutes straight.
Merles and I made an enormous bet
and then he fell asleep.
I am just grinding.
I'm up every morning with the kids like Murr.
I'm on baby duty waiting for my wife to pop,
and all I'm doing is watching playoff hockey, taking care of my kids,
and getting in battles on Twitter.
So I love it.
I live for it, and playoff hockey is here.
So, Murr, you fell asleep.
Also, Dave Portnoy has taken over as Mr. Ice.
He also fell asleep during one of his overbats.
What the hell is going on, and where is Mr. Ice?
Why isn't he doing it?
He retired.
Why did he retire?
Yeah, he had a retirement game, and he lost that too,
so he shut it down.
He said maybe the finals will pop his head up again.
So he's just been getting slaughtered?
Slaughtered.
Oh, that sucks.
Tough time of year to just pick over.
Yeah, Big Cat said he lost a luxury SUV on this guy in the last month.
Jesus.
How you guys are animals?
I've been hitting it good.
I went six and one Friday.
Saturday, oh and five.
Pathetic.
But then bounced back again yesterday, five and one Friday, Saturday, oh, and five pathetic, but then bounced back again
yesterday, five and one until wit talked me into dry sidle shots in the late game.
And it was okay.
So you guys have been going hard on the shots.
Lekanen has been Merle's guy.
It's auto, auto, auto, your dog, a Lekanen.
He's a puck hound.
And he's also a shot hound now.
Yeah.
Avalanche.
So we had the draft Kings Merle's minute yesterday, and it was the easiest thing I ever came up with was the Lekanen he's a puck hound and he's also a shot hound now yeah avalanche so we had the draft kings
merles minute yesterday and it was the easiest thing i ever came up with was the leckanen they
still didn't change it from two and a half shots he had seven five four and last night he only got
three but it got it done and he had the goal too so huge night from the avalanche just like his
oilers are going my avalanche are going i would love to wait the Lekkonen talk and the Oilers talk
because I think after yesterday, and it was right around dinner time,
it was putting the kids down.
We finally sat down to eat.
It's the end of the Vancouver game.
I'm like, Vancouver's going to lose this game.
What a miraculous comeback.
And, Biz, before I go to you, I want to say one thing.
I haven't had a ton of fun watching this series.
The end of that game, it was electric. It was unreal.
The best part of the game was Taylor
LeJuan chugging a beer
and then his daughter chugging a water. I don't
know if you guys saw that. It was incredible.
Look at this.
He pours it over the head like a complete
lunatic like this with the daughter.
I don't know if it's like Wynn or Winnie.
I'm not exactly sure.
Look at this girl.
Look at this girl.
Bravo.
I mean, what is she, five years old?
Six years old, so the crowd's going nuts.
The games, though, pretty uneventful, pretty low energy almost, I feel.
Pretty uneventful, pretty low energy almost, I feel.
I would say that Vancouver has had to adjust from being as aggressive as they were in the regular season.
And I think that, I don't know if talk mentioned in a press conference,
I know a couple of the guys had talked to him.
I don't reach out to him during playoffs because he's got enough on his plate.
But, buddy, they have three wins in this series all done by different goalies.
So all of a sudden, Demko goes down.
Then they go to DeSmith.
DeSmith was incredible.
He was kicking, as well as the team in game three.
I think that they'd match block shots as well as saves.
I think they went with 31 block shots and 31 saves.
A crazy end of the game as they were laying out
and DeSmith was making these saves.
But I guess he tweaked something.
And because Demko for sure is not coming back this series and maybe even not the next
if they had for him oh buddy they're a completely different team that's their game breaker because
they can open things up and then they get that big save and it's right back to the other end
kind of like we saw from logan thompson Golden Knights, right? You're getting that most nights.
And I've talked to Brian Boucher, and I'm like, hey, is he really the real deal?
I asked him halfway through the season.
Because Demko had had, obviously, the hype from the past couple years.
But this year was really his year where I think if he stayed healthy,
he ends up being the Vezina winner, right?
Him or Hellebuck.
And he said, he goes, Biz, for how big he is and the way he's able
to move laterally. He's like the McDavid of goalies. That's how big of a freak physically
he is. So he goes down, they gotta be safe with the dismiss thing. It's a tweak, right?
He could have played, but that ice in Nashville is not the best. It gets choppy during playoff
time. I've played there during play. Well, not play, but our team played.
You did pregame skate.
I did pregame skate, and I got to practice there on the off days.
But low-scoring, uneventful hockey because of the humidity
and just how the ice is that time of year.
I actually predicted it before game three.
I said, I think this is going to be low-scoring going there.
Well, I mean, I guess 4-3, not very low-scoring.
But going back to the game itself, they had to be safe with this,
and that's why they put in this Arters.
How do you say his last name?
Help me out.
Yeah, Silvos.
It's way different than you'll look at it.
Silvos.
Silvos.
There you go.
You got it.
So I think that that's why it's been uneventful
and lowest amount of shots in a game one and forever
with 12 the game before.
And they really didn't pepper in this game
until around the three-minute mark left.
So overall, incredible win.
I'll throw it back over to you.
What did you make of the rest of the two games?
So I want to get out ahead of it.
I tweeted out, like, has a team ever had 12 shots
and won a playoff game buddy a team had 10 the pittsburgh penguins against nashville in game
one of the cup finals and beat them and i think that was five three they did five goals on 10
shots or whatever it was and then ironically the oilers ended up getting 13 and get a win
and funny enough i was like, that's kind of pathetic.
Like the Vancouver Canucks win all because of the Smith.
But no, they blocked a ton of shots.
And then after watching my team go through it after.
So, yeah, you see the you see the breakdown right here and the hits and and all the blocked shots from games three to four.
But after seeing my team get a win with such few shots, it's almost even more exhilarating
because you're like, oh my God, we didn't get any shots on net. We blocked a million shots and we
somehow got out of that game with a win. It's like, wow, we didn't, we shouldn't have won that
game. And in the playoffs, if you want to go on a run, you got to have a couple different instances
of winning games. You got no business winning. And that's what I took away from game three.
It was DeSmith standing on his head.
It was the team just stepping up, blocking everything.
And then it was just some timely goal score.
Their power play's been real good.
That's kind of what a lot of people say about the Oilers and the Canucks.
They kind of live on their power play.
But you know what?
They got it done.
Game four was a different story where I couldn't believe when DeSmith got hurt.
Because Canucks fans, it's like, this sucks.
You finally get Demko back. He looks pretty good. Boom. He's done for possibly the playoffs to get
DeSmith. Unbelievable. Now he's hurt. So for them to get a third win with a third goalies, that's
depth. That's incredible. Good for them. What I was a little rattled for Canucks fans originally was, I guess by the letter of the law, the Forsberg goal is not a kick in.
I don't know.
I look at that.
Okay, so when you talk about angling your skate
and a puck's thrown into the crease
and a guy just turns his blade a little bit,
say turns the toe of his stick or turns his heel
and it goes in, boom, I'm down with that.
I know his skate stayed on the ice,
but it was somewhat of a motion towards the net, I thought.
I guess he was just stopping.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
He moves it forward, but you see snow.
And in some cases, you have to get to your outside edge.
And I didn't think it was that bad.
I didn't get to see many views of it.
Obviously, they looked at it and didn't want to challenge it.
No, that's what's crazy.
That's not reviewable, dude.
That's not challengeable.
Oh, okay.
That's what I couldn't believe.
That's what the broadcast said on TNT.
I don't know who was doing that game.
But I was like, oh, they're going to challenge that.
And then they announced, like, you can't challenge that.
And I think the league would have to maybe step in and do it.
But I was like wow
that's kind of all of a sudden it's a goal mike yo was flipping out and i was like they kind of
got a beef there it just looked a little different than a lot of the ones you see of just a foot being
angled if you could have challenged it and obviously a minor being the result if you're
wrong i probably wouldn't have challenged it yeah because then you're three one with a pot with a
penalty coming up which Which the game before.
So there's been a lot of great coaching instances in this series.
Talk it didn't hit the panic button and challenge the other one with
the Smith.
The other game.
Because they gave up a goal late to bring it within one.
Then they pulled the goalie again.
And on that second goal, he interfered with his slide over.
So it could have easily been challenged where, once again, if you're wrong,
they're right back on the peep.
So I guess we can go to game four, and the craziness was the last couple minutes.
And Liam McHugh pointed this out.
When the timeout was called and Nashville was huddling up,
I was shocked because all the Vancouver guys were just kind of skating around
or just chilling out by the bench, and talk didn't say one word to them he didn't have the board out drawing up a play for six on five and we're kind
of like what what the hell like wouldn't you be drawing something up but those guys were prepared
they knew exactly what they needed to do six on five they get the first one and then that fucking
move and listen murals i'm gonna throw it over to you you were giving quinn hughes some shit based
on your defenseman list and it wasn't looking good for him and that narrative would
have probably stuck but motherfucker that juke he made at the blue line who was the guy who went
flying oh the guy who scored the goal earlier in the game but man he jukes him he makes a sick
little backhand pass to the top of the diamond and And then JT Miller, man, what else can you say about this guy?
I don't care whatever Pasha wants to call him.
My apologies for saying it was you on the broadcast, Murr.
Calling him the power play merchant.
Who gives a fuck?
The goal in the game before with the no-look pass
and then three apples in game four.
Oh, my God.
Look at that.
Look at that.
A work of art.
Unbelievable. Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
I've had some tough still shots of myself. There's
more to come to that one. That's
a man whose devil suck
who the Canucks are winning and JT
Miller's lighted up. He hates his life
right now. Do we keep that up? I
think that Pasha's nose
might be worse than Army's.
No, man.
I don't see that.
Army's is straight up
like east to west
like McDavid buzzing through the room.
I know, but at least
his isn't fat like that
on the bottom
and then he's got the
Drury curve on top.
I mean, this would be like
me talking about a dude's ears
right now, bitch.
Fair enough.
Now, Merle,
quickly before you go,
Quinn Hughes
and Hronik, they'd
played the least amount of minutes of any
of the D going into the third.
And then they rolled with them, but I think they still only
finished with like 21 minutes.
So, after the ball bullet, the blue
line and that goal that he was, it was just,
there's definitely maybe an injury
there, maybe a little lack of confidence.
But Quinn Hughes, after Merle's brought up this entire ordeal of big defenseman
being the catalyst to Stanley Cup champion, hasn't looked like himself.
He really hasn't.
Yeah, I know that the city of Vancouver is happy with me right now.
They want to build a statue for me.
That's how happy they are that
Vancouver turned this around. But if you listen to game notes, it was not about Quinn Hughes's
talent. The kid's amazing. He's awesome. I know he's a Norris Trophy winner, but I just had the
stats that they don't win. And I know that Toc listened because he had them blocking shots.
Friday, 30 block shots. We just saw the stats. Sunday, another 28, 29 block shots.
And that's all I was saying.
If they want to win, you've got to play big.
You've got to block shots.
It's not about the dipsy doodles anymore.
And I'll put my hand up.
Hand up.
They're going to win the series.
I had Nashville.
Hand up.
Hand up.
Actually, Wayne texted me.
He said that they played your game notes video in the locker room.
Remember when they used to bring out the TV in grade school?
You used to watch.
Oh, yeah, everyone's pumped up.
They brought it out.
They put the VHS in, and it was fucking Matt Murley chirping Quinn Hughes.
And there he was out there doing the Shakita hips.
Shakita, Shakita, Shakita.
Hey, even Wayne said it on the broadcast.
He was talking how you got to have big D to win.
Hey, even Wayne said it on the broadcast. He was talking how you got to have big D to win.
So if I'm on this similar thought process is number 99.
I'm okay.
Um, I think that the last two games alleviates a lot of stress for PD.
I'm not saying he was unbelievable.
Still made a few, wait, wait, wait, still made a few mental errors.
He hasn't been as dominant, but getting a few points, man, it just helps with the confidence.
Going back home, they're up 3-1.
Hey, better than he was in the first couple
games because he was in...
Fair, but nothing close
to what you're going to need
if they move on and they want to be able
to compete with Edmonton. I'm sorry.
The two big dudes on Edmonton
in the playoffs...
I'm not going to talk about the Oilers right now. Back to Vancouver. What an The two big dudes on Edmonton in the playoffs.
I'm not going to talk about the Oilers right now.
Back to Vancouver.
What an unbelievable first four games for Conor Garland.
A guy who wasn't exactly in a great spot.
He requested a trade at one point.
Things were looking murky for him.
That dish to Lindholm behind the net on the backhand.
And Lindholm made the great pass over to Besser to make it 3-2 when they originally pulled the goalie. So Lindholm had some question marks
after his regular season after the trade over from Calgary. He's turned it on. Garland's played
phenomenal the whole time. Their depth players have been better than their big guys. I think
JT Miller's been real good. But Besser, for him to go out and get a hat trick, dude, 3-3 going into overtime,
he's got all three.
And that second effort, dude, on the tying goal, to have that first chance,
and then it looked like it was dead.
It looked like Soros had him, and he just kind of reaches back from the goal line.
Unbelievable second effort there, and no quit in Vancouver.
So Canucks fans have to be proud.
That was just a big, ballsy win.
I mean, they had no business.
You could see them be like, all right, it's 2-2, but we're going home.
We're in a good spot.
We've got to win two of the next three, and two of them are in our building.
But they didn't give up.
Knowing you've got to fly back to Nashville, though.
If you're 2-2, you know you have to come back.
Worse travel.
But, buddy, you mentioned that third line.
Like, Lindm was injured after
he came over from the trade he wasn't playing well so who knew how he was going to be in playoffs
you mentioned Garland before the season like requesting the trade Dakota Joshua got called
out in training camp by Talkett for maybe not coming in with that that dog mindset but that
line has been the heartbeat of this team when they've needed the most and I got asked by Bob Marjanovic he's like a radio guy in in Canada he said what do you think
the difference in the series will be I think it was going to be depth scoring because Mikheyev was
double digits Lafferty was double digits Dakota Joshua was double digits Hoglander was double
digits so they had all these guys come out of their shell this year to provide that secondary
scoring and to why they ended up having such a successful season and winning the Pacific division.
So the fact that they're stepping up now in the perfect time, especially when a guy like Petey's not going the way that he's going, just huge for this fucking group, man.
I'm so fired up for them.
They deserved a bounce like last game based on the shit show they've been dealing with in net.
They deserve that
yeah i agree speaking of the shit show in net um we have a little breaking news uh the 2024
vesna finalists have been announced uh sergey bob rofsky thatcher demko and connor hellebuck
oh my god hellebuck oh oh my god what's the next series i I think we can move on from Vancouver and Nashville
See if Vancouver can close that one out
But I think right now it's just been a
Ballsy effort by that entire team
I don't think we mentioned the fact
That Sissons could have ended the
Oh my god
I was going to bring that up
Oh my god and the bench
They're all like hugging
That poor guy dude
He didn't
sleep a wink last night on his backhand like not that far from the net right as he released it the
crowd the view i saw the camera kind of like looking at him from the far right corner and
the crowd goes nuts as it goes off his stick and then it's just there was one guy on the bench who
who stayed with his arms up i don't think he knew i don't think he watched i don't know who it was there's a clip he watched. I don't know who it was. There's a clip of the bench.
I don't know if you could find it. And he's looking
around and everyone's like, dude, put your
arms down, bud. He missed.
Oh, God.
Imagine you had the puck line for
Nashville.
No, I couldn't.
I could never imagine that in a million years.
Puck line.
Jesus got best.
Well, R.A. had national first period, second period, third period money line in game three.
I was like, all right, I'll ride with them.
Waxings.
Yeah, that was tough. I mean, you know, I do have both.
Obviously, I got 17 teams.
I do have a big future on Vancouver.
So, I mean, it's not, you know.
But, yeah, it was tough to lose that one.
Oh, God.
Scissors, man.
I mean, it's not, you know, but yeah, it was tough to lose that one.
Oh, God.
Scissors, man.
What was weird about the game was DeSmith was actually the e-bug for the game Sunday.
Like, that's weird because, you know, he couldn't play while he was hurt.
So they had, you know, the Silva, so obviously his name started.
Then another backup.
And he was actually the e-bug.
So he wasn't healthy enough to start the game. But if they went through two other goalies, he'd be healthy enough to play.
Kind of weird for the playoffs, right no i mean but but once again they had
to be conservative about the situation because buddy if they lose demko and to smith that artist
kid he had no playoff experience coming in like you don't know what you're getting like you could
be getting a louis de ming and we've actually seen this with the pittsburgh penguins when they were
down to their third string spicy pork and broccoli and nothing against Louis Deming he had a great NHL career I
think he's now playing in the AHL or was up and down all season but that whole series turned when
they had to go to their three string goalie like wasn't Pittsburgh up 3-1 in that series against
the Rangers I think they had a stranglehold on it. And they couldn't win with the third string.
So maybe weird that you're saying that he wasn't the backup
in case maybe Archer's went down.
But, buddy, they can't risk any injury with the Smith.
They had him wrap and bubble wrap up in the top of the building
near no one.
So we can move on.
Stranglehold on the series for the Canucks.
It by any means is not over.
Obviously Nashville being a very resilient group, they went through the fucking wall
in the last, uh, later part of the season after the FU tour.
So can't count them out at all, but such a huge momentum shift going back to Van for
the Canucks.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Interesting stat, Piz.
Uh, Just the eighth
time since 1990 that a team has used
three goalies in one series.
The previous seven teams were one and six
in those particular series. So, let's see
what happens with Vancouver. Not over yet.
Huh? What'd you say? They're defying
science.
Next up, Biz, I had y'all boys queued
up. The Leafs, Bruins, your boys
are on the brink.
B's got it done Saturday night.
Marshawn absolutely crushing the Leafs right now.
And we had a little, what, a little ten-a-ten on the bench.
What was going on with your boys on the bench, man?
I made up a little dialogue for a little tweet.
Oh, eight years of failure.
Yeah, one point.
We're sorry, Biz. Go ahead.
No, no, you can go, too.
I was just going to say, like, about that situation,
I'm sure you've had plenty of fuck-you matches on the bench, buddy. I mean, you played you can go too. I was just going to say about that situation, I'm sure you've had plenty of fuck you matches on the bench, buddy.
I mean, you played power play with Sid.
If you didn't find the seam, I'm sure he was coming back to the bench,
letting you have it.
The only difference is you probably didn't say shit
because you didn't want to get sent back to Wilkes-Barre.
No, I didn't say a word.
I said, I'm sorry, sir.
Let me try again.
I'm sorry, sir.
May I have another?
Thank you, sir. May I have another? Thank you, sir.
May I have another?
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry, Biz.
It's just it's one of those things where I don't think the arguing on the bench is the end of the world.
It's not because that happens a lot.
You actually saw two different instances this year of Perry was giving it to Evander Kane.
And I think Leon was giving it to Evander Kane and trying to get him going in the regular season it's like that happens
dude you're together all the time it's a family you call each other out when you need to have
more we've talked about joe thornton back in the day saying we need more out of you like that's not
crazy it's just the fact that marner is like that bad right now.
And these two guys, Nylander hasn't even played.
He's telling him to stop fucking crying.
This isn't fucking junior.
That's what he said.
Like, dude, that's not just, hey, buddy, you got to get the puck in deep there.
Hey, bud, be harder on the puck.
Stop fucking crying.
This isn't fucking junior. That's a different type of like personal argument on the bench in a
playoff game.
And buddy,
you just,
if that's me and I have that skillset and I missed the first three
games,
I could have found out that Austin Matthews thumped my old lady and I
wouldn't have said shit on the bench.
Like that's ridiculous.
That's the,
that's the worst part about it where it's like,
bud,
you just missed the the first three games.
Like, you shouldn't be saying anything.
Now the argument becomes, who is he yelling at?
Did they establish who he was talking to?
Was he talking to Matthews?
Because right before that, or was it after,
that Marner turns around and throws his gloves down.
I think the funniest thing about the clip was Bertuzzi, though.
Bertuzzi's just like,
Bertuzzi's like, I want to be on the Bruins again.
He's actually been
pretty solid in the series and working his deck off.
Marchand has been owning them.
He's just
working them left and right, but
where do you want to start?
Do you want to start with Marner and what I
said on air? Can I start with one thing Bruins side?
One thing Bruins side?
Let's start with them.
The big question mark, would they continue the rotation?
Would they continue the rotation?
No.
They had two games in between games three and four.
Monty made the right decision.
I think it was pretty not alarming.
I can't think of the word.
But after game three, Swayman said, and I said, there's no goalie controversy
here. These guys love each other, the
celebrations, how close they are off the ice,
and I don't think there's a controversy at all.
But then all of a sudden,
Swayman came out and said, I want to keep
playing. I don't want to give up this net.
It was almost like, oh, alright, well,
yeah, they're buddies, and they really care about each other, But there's also some sort of ego involved, not in a bad way,
ego, just like, dude, I'm feeling it right now. I don't want to come out of this net because I'm
so confident when goalies get in this zone, they get in this zone. And it kind of led me into
hearing a pretty incredible story involving Swayman. And the Leafs and the Bruins have this
ridiculous goalie history, right? The Leafs gave the Bruins have this ridiculous goalie history right
the Leafs gave the Bruins to Carrasco he had this unbelievable run well apparently Swayman's
draft year okay oh yeah here we go he did you hear this biz keep going okay so he was um he was
interviewing with teams prior to the draft and all that. And apparently the Leafs really, really liked him.
And he was telling his father, like, yeah, I think the Leafs are going to pick me.
And round four comes around.
He's been hearing the Leafs are into him.
And now all of a sudden the Leafs have the pick.
Fourth round pick coming up.
Dad, here we go.
And the Maple Leafs select goaltender, Ian Scott.
One pick before the Bruins.
One pick.
And the next pick, the Boston Bruins select Jeremy Swayman.
And what do you think Jeremy Swayman's thought about since that day?
I cannot wait to get to the NHL.
I cannot wait to be a starting goalie.
And I cannot wait to shove it up the Maple Leafs assholes.
And he's doing it, and he's doing it in style.
And I think hearing that, it made even more sense.
Stick with him right now.
I don't care if you get to the second round.
You actually want to go one and two and see what happens.
Right now, this is Swayman's crease, and he is making a mockery of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
He's in that zone.
So go ahead.
Do you have his numbers, RA?
Because they're astronomical.
It's nuts.
Yeah, Swayman 3-0, 9-5-6, 8 percentage, 1-3-4 goals against.
He stopped 87 of 91 shots so far.
Yeah, absolutely.
Stella, I told you.
Fuck those rotations in the playoffs.
I think we should stick with the Bs and give them their flowers
before we get to the Leafs. Now, how about Monty handling it in the playoffs. I think we should stick with the bees and give them their flowers before we get to the Leafs.
Now, how about Monty handling it in the media too?
He said the goal all along was to make sure each goalie gets a game.
This guy is just a little puppet master, isn't he?
Do you believe a word of that, Murr?
No.
That's why when he talked about the travel, he's like,
I don't understand why we're up here for three days.
We're the home team.
He's a master class.
He's thinking way ahead of everybody, just we're up here for three days. We're the home team. He's a master class.
He's thinking way ahead of everybody, just diverting all the topics and the media.
He's a little magician, and I just love what he's doing.
I did agree finally with the Swayman, and now it's Swayman's net.
But I was going to ask R.A., what do you do next series?
You do Swayman because he has this great history with Toronto.
Florida, Olmark gave up the lead last year. Swayman lost the last game. But is it Swayman because he has this great history with Toronto, Florida. Olmark gave up the lead last year.
Swayman lost the last game.
But is it Swayman right away in Florida too?
Fuck yeah.
Whoa.
Pump the fucking brakes, buddy. No, Swayman.
Game one, Swayman.
And then go from there.
That's all.
Hey, everyone.
3-1 here, boys.
I said that they were going to reverse the curse.
And they were up 3-1 on the Bs and that last crazy meltdown series where they gave up what
also a 4-1 lead in that crazy game it ain't over yet boys wait the bruins were up 3-1 in that
series weren't they no i think the toronto maple Leafs were weren't they talk to me in 2000 in
yeah 2013 they blew the 3-1 series down the 3-1 lead right yeah blew a 3-1
seriously okay so i thought they'd actually already come back against the bruins to force
game seven being down 3-1 i thought that that was the case and i was like oh my god if they
actually win the next two and then this happens again i didn't know they were up in that series
wow um i think we got to go back to Brad Marchand.
And it's scary because game three, when he was in Toronto, he was like, I guess, pregame skate.
It was five minutes before they were actually supposed to start.
And he goes over to mine.
He's like, let's fucking get going here.
Let's go.
I'm ready to go.
And he had pep in his step the whole day.
So you knew he was going to bring it.
And then obviously all that drama from him in the situation with Bertuzzi in game three.
I don't think that should have been a penalty.
I think they were just battling in the neutral zone.
That was just gainsmanship.
It sucks that they didn't because they end up going down and scoring that weak one.
But then once again, the Marsha show in game four ends up having what?
Two, three points in that one.
A huge goal on that PP.
And it's just, he's on a mission and i would say at this point there's no doubt in my mind brad marshall is a hall of famer
just from the leadership standpoint everything's done from a body of work the sheer dominance over
the last decade is one of the best gamer wingers in the league. Pull up his playoff numbers.
The bigger the game, the bigger the stakes.
Brad Marchand is at the top of the fucking list.
He's a warrior.
So it starts there.
DeBrusque has been an absolute leaf killer.
How do you pronounce his last name?
Gee, you're hopping in here if you want to talk.
But this, is it Lowry?
No.
Lowry.
Mason Lowry.
Lowry. He's the one who forces the. Mason Leroy. Leroy.
He's the one who forces the pinch in game four, right down on Revo.
And then, boom, it's in the back of the net to get the boys going.
I don't know what they're going to have to pay him, but he seems like he's the next fucking chara for them.
They just keep reloading.
We talk about the culture so much with the Bruins.
And Biz, I thought Wayne told an unreal story on TNT this past week about how
Marshan went to training camp five days early to practice with the rookies was going out there the
whole time the only guy that that had been that had played NHL games is skating with the rookies
at their training camp at their development camp I thought that's amazing but one point on the
Bruins too is their bottom six has been incredible I thought Pat Maroon like a lot of people made fun
of that acquisition like especially the videos
that were first coming out of him
at Bruins practice and shit
looking slow and big.
And he has been incredible.
I think he's been an unbelievable
addition to that bottom six.
Beecher has been incredible.
I know Hazy was giving me shit
earlier this season for that.
He was.
He was.
A hundred percent.
I think that bottom six
has been the difference maker here
besides Swayman.
And then to the Leafs. And then to the Leafs.
Okay.
To the Leafs.
Jason Greger, my buddy, Edmonton guy.
I've actually updated this tweet since game four.
This was after game three, so I've just changed it.
Maple Leafs last 11 playoff games.
They've scored 21 goals, scored three goals once.
Their power play is 10. They're three and eight in those games.
Chris Johnson tweet.
The least have the Leafs have lost six straight playoff games on home ice
getting outscored 21,
11.
This is your core.
This is your,
there it is. Tick tock hockey, baby. This is your core. This is your core.
There it is.
Tick-tock hockey, baby.
Gritty, gritty, baby.
And this has to be the end of this core.
And I'm telling you this, Biz.
You cannot win with these four guys as your big dogs.
They don't got it.
Matthews, he gots it.
He's the guy.
Tavares, getting older.
What a career.
Makes too much money.
I think he's got one more season.
Not the end of the world.
Nylander, Marner, one of them's got to go. It ain't going to be Nylander.
It ain't going to be Nylander.
It ain't going to be.
He just signed an eight-year ticket.
And I've been very open about when I talk about players,
like admitting, dude, Mitch Marner is an incredible hockey player.
Yes, he is.
His skill level is out of control.
He's a crazy point producer in the regular season.
Even the playoffs, his points aren't great.
He doesn't score a lot of goals.
He's very undersized.
And not only is he undersized, but he's frail.
Sidney Crosby was undersized.
Martin St. Louis was a little undersized.
They're thick, dude.
They're fucking in the corners.
They're battling.
This guy is just getting tossed around.
He is one million times the hockey player I ever could have been in every aspect.
But, dude, I'm looking as an analyst and somebody watching these games.
This guy, he doesn't got it in the playoffs.
He doesn't got it.
And the fact of the matter is when you're sitting around looking at the ref
and you're sitting around and you're throwing your gloves,
it's like, all right, something's got to change here.
I think Keefe will be gone, and I think Marner will be gone.
And I don't know what they get in return and who they hire as a coach,
but let's just finally come out and say, this isn't the core.
This ain't going to do it.
And some people might say it's not fair to single out just Marner.
I think in this situation, if you go back to last year,
Nylander was probably their best forward in playoffs.
It's very unfortunate whatever happened
as to why he couldn't play in the first three games. Do I know the full story? Absolutely not.
It came down to migraines. Apparently he was throwing up something that he'd never really
dealt with. So it's hard to hold that against him. I thought in the game four, when he got inserted,
he did make some plays. There was a few instances where he maybe tried to do a little too much individually go one on two one on three uh they had all the momentum in the third period at
one point he took that stupid penalty i want to say it was on jake the brusque where he just reached
over grabbed them and hauled them down so overall like was he the reason they lost no could we have
used them in the first three games to maybe pull out one more win if we would have saw last year's Nylander?
Like they've been the first three games, like, or at least games two and three, they were tight.
I feel like he could have been a big impact in game three.
Matthews won them game two.
He ain't the fucking problem.
He's a horse.
And then all of a sudden to add to the drama, he comes down with an illness.
So he's battling something.
He actually left game four in the third period. I don't know what he's down with an illness. So he's battling something. He actually left game four in the third period.
I don't know what he's dealing with now either.
So he ain't fucking going and he hasn't been the problem.
JT agreed completely wakes, makes way too much money.
If he stays as a Toronto Maple Leaf after next year's deal, all good, but he should
be making a million bucks on a team friendly deal deal playing fourth-line center and in providing leadership.
At 11 million bucks, I don't even know if he's an elite third-line center
at this point with his speed.
But once again, I don't think he's been the major problem.
I think that Mitch Marner has been rubbish,
the worst player on the team this full series.
I didn't say shit until finally
game four games one and two on the road non-existent didn't win pull up the tape i don't think he won
one fucking puck battle along the yellow dasher along with really not doing anything else yeah
you saw signs of brilliance with that one backdoor play he made to Nize, the Marner magic. But, like, if you think that that's like, oh, I did my thing.
Like, I had my guy.
You didn't.
You're making 11 million.
And what does he want?
What does he want in the next deal?
Probably 13.
Probably exactly what Austin.
I want what Austin Matthews made.
Why is he getting all the attention?
He's getting the fucking attention because he plays
on the fucking defensive side of the puck he wins puck battles and he scores 69 fucking goals
you're going fucking leafs are a raptors court side two weeks before playoffs after being out
with an injury doing a fucking photo op when you haven't done fuck all come playoff time
that's the problem i have with it so after the first two three game
performances that and listen i've said on the broadcast too i don't know if he's injured
an injury could still be injured yeah he could be dealing with something still lingering but
why is he playing as much as he's playing mur i your post, and I talked about it also, and I ran the clip on the broadcast, the PK.
So he'd lost every battle in the first period.
So I'm waiting, I'm waiting, my blood's starting to boil.
Then they win an offensive zone face-off in the second period.
He goes to the wall.
He has so much time and space.
I think he's going to open up and scan the ice and make a good play,
probably move it to his defenseman who was wide fucking open.
No, he's slow.
He gets fucking manhandled and beat on the wall.
It goes back to the defensive zone.
They take a penalty.
Who gets put out on the fucking penalty kill?
Mitchie penalty kill Marner floats up to the top, misses the block, takes a curl, doesn't
stop.
Puck goes down low. He comes out of position from the top of the diamond. He goes to the low, misses the block, takes a curl, doesn't stop. Puck goes down low. He comes out
of position from the top of the diamond.
He goes to the low guy, Coyle.
He's got one hand on his stick. It's on the wrong side
of him. Coyle makes the play up top.
Charlie Coyle says, here comes the
clap bomb. Yeah, sunk
over to Marner back door in the back
of the net. And who the fuck's front nut front
going?
Mitch Marner. Why the fuck is he killing. Mitch Marner. Why the fuck is he
killing penalties, Murr?
Why the fuck is he killing penalties?
There's no, zero accountability
there. As soon as
he got that big deal. You're right.
There's no, like they just have the keys
to the whole city. There's no accountability.
There's no like leadership there.
The way they play, the way they act,
like you talked about off the ice.
But I think like what you said,
what about Nylander saying like,
this isn't junior.
That's something that's been going on for a long time.
That's highly personal,
dude.
Yeah.
Like I'm sick of hearing about your junior stories and what you did and
playing like this.
Like this is the NHL.
This is game set,
like seven game series,
big boy hockey,
quit the shit.
And he's finally fed up with it.
Especially like you said, he missed the three games.
He should just sit there and be quiet, but it is so bad there.
And the Colts are so bad.
It finally boiled over.
That's why some people thought that Nylander was looking at Matthews
because Marner was sitting back, but Matthews never played junior.
So I think Matthews was talking to Marner and I think Marner was talking back and but Matthews never played junior. I think Matthews was talking to Marner, and I think Marner was talking back,
and this is my guess, and then I think Nylander popped in,
and it was just like a two-on-one.
I think Matthews starts here.
I'm pointing at Matthews, and Marner's like, oh, what the fuck?
And then Nylander's on the other side and probably started giving it to him too,
and then he chucked his gloves.
Now, I think many
Marner fans, like all anyone does is single out Marner. It's like, all right, well, I mean,
Tavares, people have said enough about Tavares and the other two guys in the playoffs have showed up.
So it's a little different. My thing is watch the first shift of the game, or was it the first
penalty the Bruins got? Do you remember what Marshawn did, dude? He fucking flies into the zone.
He kind of beats Matthews a little bit.
Riley comes over. He ends up going
and getting the puck in the corner and he throws
it back to the Deeds. It's just like
this dog mentality that
you don't see in Toronto.
And it'll
have to be a big-time
culture core shake-up
for it ever to have a chance of changing.
And let's not forget the defense.
They can't move the puck.
That defense cannot get the puck out of their own zone, like tape to tape.
And the Bruins have done a good job forechecking.
But you've got to be able to make plays under pressure, dude.
You've got to be able to actually have a guy draped all over to you, look on the wall, and then find a guy in the middle.
The Leafs don't have that.
Like, Riley can do it.
But I would put  at least get  what's his name?
Fucking Giordano back in there.
I agree with you there.
Get some leadership in there.
I agree with you there.
I would be okay.
And, Biz, sorry, last thing.
No, you're fine.
You never know.
Hockey's crazy.
The Bruins blew 3-1 last year.
Florida's a way different team.
But now you got Hall.
Now you got Hall.
Excuse me.
Like, he's playing.
Wall.
He's playing, correct?
I always think of Justin Hall, which is not a good.
The Leafs fans don't love that.
You're giving me PTSD there.
Wall?
Buddy, hey.
Sam Sonoff's done.
See you later.
He ain't playing for the Leafs ever again.
Wall.
Hey, who knows, dude?
I actually don't even know why.
I know he was injured, but why didn't they just go to him earlier?
I don't think Sammy's been the issue in this series.
Maybe that one back.
Was it the Brusker or Frederick?
Frederick's goal.
Yeah, that was about when that was.
It was a backbreaker.
That was right after that Marshawn Bertuzzi incident.
Now, I don't know if I mentioned it earlier,
but with Nylander missing the first three games,
did I already say, like, why would he come in with that suit?
Why would he do that?
Why would he do his thing?
Because they don't give a fuck, dude.
As Merle said, they're the Toronto Maple Leafs, dude.
I walk around this city, People want pics with me.
I'm a fucking god, dude.
They don't care.
Even after the morning skate, he does the interview.
He's got no tarp on.
He's got the chains.
And the earrings.
I respect fashion.
I got no fashion.
If you want to be fashionable, great.
But, buddy, win a fucking game.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
But as crazy as this sounds, as big of a soap opera as this has been,
maybe they turn it on.
Maybe they go back to Boston, away from all the notes.
Matthews heals up for illness.
Maybe Marner takes it personally, and we see more of that Marner magic.
I mean, yeah.
Wall, baby.
Yeah, and maybe Wall stands on his head.
Who knows?
You just never fucking know.
So Leafs aren't dead yet, and the fat lady hasn't sang.
So let's go.
When you tweet it out, it isn't over.
People think you're trolling.
I said, I go, people don't.
This guy ain't trolling.
This dude actually believes.
Beliefs.
I believe that they're going to come back.
And I respect it.
You're a diehard.
Well, let me ask R.A.
It ain't over to you.
R.A., what happened last year to the Bruins?
They fucked up the lineup.
They fucked up the goaltending.
They just, Marty just had too many pots and didn't know where to put them.
And the goaltending, he screwed up as well.
Yeah, that's it.
They should have just put, I mean, I said put Swingman in, what, game three? And they didn't put where to put them. The goaltender, he screwed up as well. That's it.
I used to put Swingman in game three and they didn't put him until game seven.
That's what happened last year.
Here's my prediction. They're going to find a way to fuck it up again.
Yeah.
You'll see him mention he doesn't have it.
Is that something that he can get
later or is that something he can learn
eventually?
That's the thing.
The way he's built like that
that's not his fault he he is not a very strong like human being dude he is super strong you know
what i'm trying to say right now i'm talking like in the nhl with these guys a lot of dudes 200 to
220 pounds that in the playoffs when you can be rougher, when you can
be more physical, when everyone changes their game, there's certain parts of him that really
can't, he's not going into a corner with certain people and coming out with it. And he can toe
drag these people and he can be down on one knee and score these beautiful goals and just have
skill that's through the roof. But sometimes in these games, dude, you got to be a horse.
And like, he's a smaller built individual.
So I, and what's funny is like in the regular season, like he will all,
he'll always light up the regular season, especially nowadays in hockey.
The guy's unbelievable at hockey.
But when the games get due, when you, it's, it's, it's, it's one step.
It's, it's a little bit time, time and space that you lose and a little bit more physicality.
And all of a sudden, it's like, holy shit, dude.
I'm in one.
And they're not calling as much as they call in the regular season.
So, yeah, I feel bad.
Like the kid is an  I've actually heard he's a great kid too.
Yeah.
I've heard guys love him.
And like on the road, he's one of the guys.
It's just like, you're making this much money.
It's just hard to not bring up.
This is nothing personal.
You've said everything about his skill set and how good he is.
This comes down to effort, battle level, body language in some instances.
I pointed out the clip, too.
He's a net front.
He goes in for the battle. Yeah, he got a little tap on the back of the leg too uh he's a net front he goes in for the battle yeah
he got a little tap on the back of the leg but he drops to his knees he looks at the ref it's just
like bud this is fucking playoffs and if you're not built for playoffs stop fucking asking for 13
fucking sheets because that's where you earn your money fucking how about how about you say you know
what i'll go i'll make 10 after already making close to 100 a year, like total in his career.
Why don't you take 10?
Because based on the fucking overall picture,
he ain't worth anywhere near 13 sheets.
Keep in mind, folks, Brad Marshall, 6.25 million,
and he's been the biggest beast in the series.
Guys, Mark Masters just tweeted out the lines for Leafs practice.
Halsey and Ebbs used to say I look like Mark Masters. They used to call me Mark Masters just tweeted out the lines for Leafs practice. Halsey and Ebbs used to say I look like Mark Masters.
They used to call me Mark Masters.
And Matthews, one, is not present at practice.
That's kind of  people expected that.
But he responded to the tweet with,
when Matthews missed Friday's practice,
Dewar skated on the top line as a placeholder.
That is not the case today.
Domi is skating with him.
Leafs preparing for a scenario where Austin Matthews is unavailable for game five.
He must have
some serious
food
poisoning.
If he ain't playing.
You're waving it?
You think?
Yeah?
Your hog's down there. You're waving
the Wi-Fi.
All right. Let's move on. You're waving. Yeah. Waving my flag. Waving my flag.
All right, let's move on.
Let's move on.
We got six more series, and one of them's over.
Before we do, though, we have a word from our good friends over at Game Time.
What?
What?
All right, everybody, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our good friends over at Game Time.
Look at everybody right here.
Rolling Stones, Foxborough,
a few weeks away, 132
you can get in the barn for. The greatest
rock and roll band ever. That's unbelievable.
Unbelievable. I can't even talk. That's how unbelievable
it is. You want to see the Red Sox,
any baseball team, hockey playoffs,
basketball playoffs, anything you want
to see, you go to game time.
They have it all. That's right. Thanks to game
time, the official
ticketing partner of barstool sports you know what you shouldn't have to worry when you buy
tickets to your next big event you don't have to deal with dirtbags out front or shady people
online uh-uh game time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports music comedy and
theater events near you game time has flash deals for sudden discounts.
They have zone deals for when you're all flexible there.
And the lowest price guarantee,
which means that if you find the same seats for less anywhere else,
Game Time will credit you 110 of the difference.
Pretty good deal right there.
Game Time is the best place for last-minute seats
with up to 60 off of your favorite events.
What are you waiting for?
I already had a ticket for the Stones.
You know what?
I'm buying this for my buddy.
He's going to get him in for about 1.12 to see the greatest rock and roll band of all time.
You can do the same.
Game time right here.
Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with game time.
Download the game time app.
Create an account and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Once again,
download the game time app today.
Last minute tickets,
lowest price guarantee.
Biz,
if you want to see the Marner's last game as a leaf,
155 bucks right now,
tomorrow night,
the garden.
That's why we bring you on,
Murr.
That's why we bring you on,
buddy. Thank you so much.
I'm going to go check on 20 bucks.
It's game time. Thank you, guys.
What's the next series, R.A.?
Colorado-Winnipeg. Huge surprise
here. Obviously, Winnipeg, a lot of people
think they're going to do a lot better. They're down three games
to one right now. Getting dummied. I don't know
what is up with Connor Hellebuck. This guy is the
presumed Vesna winner.
1-3. 19 goals he's given up on.
146 shots. Comes out to an
8-7-0 save percentage.
5-2-2 goals against Witt.
What do you think happened? Is it strictly
mental here? I mean, he doesn't look like he's hurt.
What's your take on this? A fraud squad.
They're back. God.
Fraud alert. That player
has texted me. I
fucking told you was the text i got it is a fraud show
right now now i have no idea what's going on with hellebuck i i i don't i don't get it i i it's it's
not like i know goaltending well enough to see what he's doing technically that's just so lost
right now and where he's just fighting the puck this much, I would have to lean towards Colorado and the way that they are just getting into the zone
and getting through the neutral zone.
It's like they're in practice.
It's like they're doing the 5-on-0 warm-up breakout drill
when you go down to the under end and shoot.
Or maybe there's two defensemen that hop up and just kind of ghost it playing defense
so the players don't exactly have nothing to get in the way.
Colorado is just dominating.
And I guess if you look at the rosters, and we talked about the depth Winnipeg has
and how they got three basically 1A, 1B lines,
they have no superstar-level players.
And Colorado has three of them.
And I don't even think Ranton has been as great as he can be,
and they still look unstoppable.
But Makar, we got to talk about Makar.
And actually, it goes back to Hellebuck.
Makar's goal, while being one of the goals of the playoffs,
it was Bobby Orr-esque.
I think everyone could agree.
First off, I thought it was icing watching the game.
I'm like, icing, and the ref waves it off late.
Most defense would kind of be like panicked.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no, no big deal.
I'll just grab it.
I'll wheel the net.
Totally shield off one guy with the net.
See you later.
Then he comes up on two guys.
Sort of loses it a little bit.
But he's going so fast, it ends up kind of hitting his skater's shin pad.
Bounces right to him.
Now you got three forwards gone.
Or maybe at least two.
I think the other guy had come back, and then boom.
The other guy, and then all of a sudden you're like,
oh my god, this is the defenseman coming down
on me as another defenseman. As Biz
wafts a fart and waves the white flag
as the players on Winnipeg are,
he just comes down and snipes. Awesome
shot. I think maybe,
I mean, obviously there's Matthews, but like
is his wrist shot not right there with Matthews?
Yeah, that's what I said.
And he can change the angle.
He pulls and changes the angle.
And from the point, and what I noticed too, I wonder if kids out there have been working on this.
His hands are very close together, which is definitely easier to stick handle.
Like if your bottom hand's up a little higher, like it's easier to feel the puck puck and have softer hands but it's not that easy to shoot it and snap it from there
dude he is just he's on the point just he's like sifting wristers through like Lidstrom used to do
but they're going 93 miles an hour and so if they don't get tipped they're beating goalies high but
that goal at the end of that rush I don't know Hellebuck has that in the regular season, I think.
Great shot, but kind of far out.
No screen.
And boom, it just beats him over his blocker.
It's just there's goals that he's giving up that, to me,
when you watch them all regular season, you're just like, it's not going in.
It was clockwork.
You know certain shots, certain one-timers. If there's no screen, Hellebuck's got it.
Perfect position.
Gets down low. Nothing's beating him low. Got an amazing glove. If there's no screen, Hellebuck's got it. Perfect position, gets down low.
Nothing's beating him low.
Got an amazing glove.
And I don't know, R.A., sometimes confidence just gets in your head.
You lose a little bit of it, and then this is not the team as a goalie.
You want to be trying to find your confidence again.
Merles, I think you've said it all year long.
Actually, they've been your team for about three years now,
and Pasha sent it to the group text.
There's no team who gets a little momentum and goes on a run
more than the fucking Colorado Avalanche.
It's like when they smell blood, it's Jaws skating after that boat
in Martha's Vineyard.
It's the definition of buzzing.
When they get buzzing in the ozone, they're buzzing. Now,
it seemed like
Hellebuck had a great two periods
in game three, right?
When they were up 2-1 going into the third?
When they were up 2-1, but then
as much as you want to blame Hellebuck, Jets
are giving up opportunities in
scoring chances and shots like they weren't
in the regular season. If you give up
40 shots against the Abs, you're toast.
So I don't know if the altitude played a factor
where all of a sudden the floodgates opened in the third period
in that game three.
But overall, if he ain't playing lights out the way that they're playing,
they don't have a chicken dick's chance of winning this series.
It's over in my opinion now.
They're a mentally fragile group, the Jets.
There's no resilience in that locker room.
Last year, same thing.
They won game one.
They get rocked in game two, and they were never able to recover.
There's no response right now.
At least one of those games they got to double OT with Vegas.
Right, where now it's like they forgot how to play.
They're not cycling the puck in ship pickings. They're not
cycling the puck in the offensive zone.
They're not eating clock.
How many games
in a row this year did they go
where they allowed two or fewer goals?
I think it was like an 11-game stretch.
They've completely
lost their defensive structure.
Did losing Brendan Dillon help?
No. Horrendous injury.
That was horrible, by the way.
I hope he's doing alright, man. That was ugly.
Thankfully, I guess there's no structural damage.
It's just the cut. So they're
obviously swelling and infection
is the worry now. There was a hole in his hand.
Yeah. Alright, buddy.
We can't even put the still image up here
on the chat, on the stream, but
it was horrible looking. But, Merles,
you watch the Aalanche so much
that i guess you're used to seeing once they it's just it's the ice is tilted they're playing
downhill yeah and they just keep coming and you gotta credit sakic as the gm getting that kid
walker on d he's buzzing harlan it's mcfarland now it's mcfarland well with sakic's running
everything up there okay let's not let's let's be honest here
but he he goes back sometimes i think it's mccarr grabbing the puck because he's buzzing around so
much that miles wood they got from the devils that pasha hated that guy goes out there and he's
flying flying colton's flying around your buddy um cogliano he's flying around and these are the
third fourth liner so these guys are going nuts.
By the time McKinnon and them come back out,
the team is like, what the hell is going on?
And then they just have their day with them.
They're really fun to watch.
And I think it was on your broadcast, Biz, I was watching,
and some of the players were saying when you feel that altitude,
it's like a guy sitting on your chest.
And you can't breathe, and it usually does hit you in the second,
third period, and then that place is buzzing. Like said they smell the blood the fans smell it they stand up
the whole time it's awesome okay i want to give some flowers out all right let's let's quickly
talk about um bowen byram gets moved right they had d depth he wasn't going to be the number one
guy casey middlestad. Oh, yeah.
Some question marks, right?
Like never played in a playoff game, has been getting better, I think,
stats-wise every year in Buffalo.
Improving, improving, improving.
A little bit of a thicker body while being not huge.
He's thick.
Oh, yeah.
He has looked amazing.
And what he's done being the second-line center that they've been chasing
ever since Kadri left is he's been able to allow Nachushkin, McKinnon, and Rontanen to play together.
Okay?
And also, to go with Middlestad playing this well, Parisi's playing unbelievable.
I said last show, Parisi was on a golf trip in September.
I'm not done.
I want to come.
I want to keep playing.
Colorado grabs him.
He's looked awesome, dude.
And the final piece of that second line,
Arturi Lekkonen. And this is the thing with Marner, not to go back to the Leafs. Arturi Lekkonen is
kind of the same build. Now the difference is 100. He is not the star of the team. He is not
one of the three or four stars of the team. So it's different. He doesn't have the same matchups.
He doesn't have to deal with the number one lines and the number one D, but he is a tenacious finish asshole on the ice.
He's always in the fight. He's in every battle. He's winning battles. He's tipping pucks. He's
going to the dirty areas and he is in the mix every single game. This guy is a playoff player.
You remember how well he played when Montreal went to the finals against Vegas. He was leading that team on that crazy run they had when they beat Vegas. So this is a guy
that's rounded out this second line that allows the three big guns to play together. And now,
okay, we got the McKinnon line buzzing. Now we got Middlestad flying around making plays with
his two great wingers. One of them's 39 years old, Zach Parisi. And then we come with Colton,
two great wingers. One of them's 39 years old, Zach Parisi. And then we
come with Colton. Colton's line.
And it's like, it never,
as Merle said, it's never ending.
And then you got Makar back there. Walker
doesn't have a point, dude. I had no idea
how good of a skater Sean Walker is. Oh, yeah. He can
close on you like a hawk. He flies.
Dude, he flies. You got
Manson getting points. You got Devontaeves
and Makar. This team,
it's, it's, obviously, they want Vegas-Dallas to go to seven,
and then I think they're going to be favored no matter who they play,
the way they've looked.
Winnipeg's not a joke of a team.
I'll go to  Biz, do you have anything to say?
I was just going to  look at the trades this team has made.
I know.
Like, Sean Walker, Josh Manson, Devon Tabes.
They got him in a trade.
You just said Lekkonen, Middlestad, Nachushkin.
They basically got Nachushkin for nothing.
Like that, those are all impact players I just mentioned.
It's fucking crazy, man.
Incredible job by the front office.
And I mean, you just mentioned Lekkonen.
He's been the guy where I'm like, man, like you always think like, I wouldn't
say his play is going to dip, but like, how is he that relevant every single game?
He is like, he is like a star on this team.
Now I love watching him play.
I love every time I mentioned their roster, I'm mentioning that puck out.
So that's all I got.
Uh, okay.
Um, what else?
Oh, miles would, there's another I got. Okay. What else? Oh, Miles Wood. There's
another fucking trade. You know what the biggest
thing about that is? Pasha.
It's not, hey, it ain't
a player problem. It's an organizational
problem. Zaka's having
success. Wood's having success.
Anybody leaves who, anyone who leaves
that dirtbag franchise of yours,
Pasha, has success. Suck on
that with your jury on your face.
Okay.
Shout out Georgiev.
Has rebounded.
We talked about the first game.
Holy shit, what are they going to do?
He's looked solid.
Now, Winnipeg hasn't tested him much.
My last thing on Winnipeg, I think Jets fans would agree.
Last year, they lose out the four straight in the first round.
They lose in five.
And Rick Bonas has a press conference for the ages.
And they went out and they did things to address what he was talking about.
Culture,
the room,
not buying in all the issues off the ice.
And they made a bunch of deals and you get Shifley to resign.
You get a hell of a book to resign and everything looks different.
Well,
now what do you see?
You're down three,
one you've lost three straight in the first round. And you have a coach and a player dissension press conference
where Scheifele's saying they're making all these adjustments.
That's what he said.
We're not making any.
And Bonas is disagreeing.
And you're like, what has really changed here?
There's obviously something there where I don't
I mean, we interviewed Rick Bonas.
Seems like a great guy.
We've never played for him.
But there's something going on where, like like shit hits the fan with this team.
And it's just finger pointing everywhere.
Good teams, great teams.
They don't finger point.
They point the finger at themselves.
I have to be better.
I, it's, it's just like, it seems like right now it's just like,
what the fuck that's on you.
That's on you.
It's blaming everyone else.
When guys, you haven't played remotely close to how you had to play
to compete with this team.
This team is an offensive juggernaut.
You guys are built on defense, clogging up the neutral zone,
and playing a lot of time in the offensive zone, cycling the puck.
You're doing nothing.
You're doing none of that.
And that's why you've seen three blowouts in a row.
Yeah, I'm glad to mention Yorgiev there, because he
did respond pretty well. 3-1 now,
I mean, the numbers aren't great, 8-8-5
and 3-0-4, but he's been stellar the last
three games after giving up seven goals the first game.
That's all that Kemper had to do.
Give him
average goaltending, and he'd probably get
your Stanley Cup. And last thing,
before we move on to our next series,
Val Nachushkin, they didn't have him last year.
They lose at home in Game 7.
He was a force when they won the Cup the year before.
And you talk about Hellebuck and what's going on with him.
When I say confidence, Nachushkin didn't score a goal
for about fucking 85 games in Dallas at one point.
So, yeah, he's playing with McKinnon and Rantanen now,
but it doesn't look like he's having success just because of those guys.
So confidence is a crazy thing.
And with him, they are a different team, dude.
No doubt.
No doubt.
Now, hopefully Brendan Dillon's feeling all right, buddy.
I had him on the show a couple years ago.
That was an ugly injury.
So hopefully he's back in the lineup soon.
He's a warrior, too.
He was probably trying to say I could play.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, seriously. Put some. He was probably trying to say I could play.
Put some tussing on it. Get back out there. Whit, next up, your boys,
the Oilers, up three games to one.
Stuart Skinner, first shutout of the
playoffs, 33 shots, stopped all of them.
First shutout. I'm going to give credit
to David Riddick. I know he only saw, what, 13
shots from Edmondson, but stopped
12 of them. He gave LA the
goaltend they need. They probably haven't gotten in the series yet, but you know,
one went away from that second round.
How are you feeling, buddy?
Feeling amazing.
Just the fact, the fact that we stole a playoff game,
that they finally got a game.
They got, they won a game that they didn't deserve to win.
Like I mentioned before, you need that in the playoffs.
You need to have that happen.
Not just once.
Usually it's a couple times on the way to the Cup.
If you look back at all these Cup winners, they win games that after the game,
the other fan base is sitting there thinking, like,
how the hell did we not just win that game?
And shout out L.A.
It was very similar to Game 2.
Edmonton ran them over in Game 1.
L.A. shows up, completely different team Game 2.
Edmonton runs them over again in game three
and la came out flying i saw the first period i'm like all right i kind of expected that i think all
oilers fans expect that and let's quickly mention these fucking 10 50 start times on a sunday night
telling me yeah buddy i know you're working shout out to you guys all you guys at tnt it's what are
we doing whatever i'm not even
getting into that mcdavid and dry sidle at 10 50 eastern on a sunday night but or there's fans
were really expecting that first period and and la they didn't disappoint they came in waves they
didn't stop they were chipping pucks in they were getting on the d but the oilers weathered the
storm i actually mentioned i'm like all, you get through that first period.
You knew it was coming.
Even if you get out of that period 1-0, it's like, all right,
they were dominating that entire period.
But then the second period came, and I thought the Oilers would really find
their legs and the pace of the game would change in their favor, and it didn't.
And it didn't in the third either.
We were able.
We.
Yes, I say we.
Once an Oiler, always an Oiler.
I love the Oilers. I just just this team it's addicting it's addicting watching this city watch hockey there was a different mindset in this
game dude they were blocking shots they were out they were getting pucks out when they shoot that
when i talk about making plays under pressure a couple times bouchard's rounding the net with a
guy on him he's not chipping it out for an icing he's finding guys in the middle and while yes then
the guy in the middle almost just had to chip it out it's still making plays under pressure that
the oilers have not in the past done a great job of with their defense their defense is so improved
people who have called out nurse and cc they've looked really good dude they've looked solid
they've been getting in the way they've been having good, dude. They've looked solid. They've been getting in the way. They've been having good gap.
Connor made a big comment in game three about backtracking on that team.
He said, when we're backtracking and our D have good gap,
we are very, very good and tough to beat.
I'm kind of paraphrasing that, but it's all about,
not only is it the backtracking for people,
I think most people know what I'm talking about, but it's these forwards getting on your horse and getting back
and forcing the other team's offensive players to not be able to walk into the middle.
It goes hand in hand with the D having good gap.
If D you're backing off the offensive blue line early and these guys have a ton of room to enter the offensive zone,
the backtracking really doesn't even change because no matter what, they've already entered the offensive zone
and they're making plays and they're cycling down low.
When you have the backtracking and D standing up,
which by the way,
D can stand up with this backtrack because they know if I get beat,
I got McDavid,
I got Leon,
I got any of these other guys.
Nugent Hopkins is amazing at it.
One of the top back checkers in the league.
I got them right behind me and it's not going to,
it's not going to be a two on one chance against.
So in game four,
after dominating game three,
they do,
they just like held on for dear life, but in a different way.
And also, while the shots were completely outrageous in favor of L.A., a lot of them do.
They weren't like a ton of grade A scoring chances.
End of the third period, they were.
I'll say final 10 minutes.
It was the Skinner show.
The big question mark.
Can Stuart Skinner actually lead this team?
Dude, he answered a lot of questions last night. He really did. He had a really bad game one and
two. Actually, I shouldn't say really bad. An average game one or two. He's given up one goal
in the past two games, his first ever career playoff shutout. And he made some big time,
huge, like game saving saves in the last 10 minutes of that third period of game four
and just to get that game after not really deserving to win it just goes so far for this
team and then you go to special teams la is one of the top penalty killing teams in the league
they're eight for 50 look at this dude crazy i read this on the broadcast too okay so for people
who aren't aware back when i played i I remember coaches would talk about the combined percentage of PK and PP.
If you can get to 105, it's really good.
If you can get to 110, it's amazing.
So an example of that would be if your power play is clicking at 25
and your penalty kill is at 80, you're at 105.
Pretty solid.
Pretty solid.
If you can get to 110, that means
say the power play is
25, the PK is 85.
You're laughing.
153?
11 for 11, PK,
and 8 for 15 on the power play?
Not to mention, last year, they were 9 for
16 against LA in the first round.
So, chirp me all you want
and try to say I'm ridiculous in calling this one of the greatest power plays in the first round. So chirp me all you want and try to say I'm ridiculous
in calling this one of the greatest power plays
in the history of mankind.
This power play is unstoppable.
I'm telling you, unless you're a goaltender
who has to be the number one penalty killer,
and Riddick was good last night.
Granted, they only had one power play, but they scored.
And the call on England.
Yeah, I'm not going to say that that's a great call i don't think
it was as horrible as kings fans are making it sound but dude the minute you have no stick and
you kind of get that other hand around a guy's body they're calling it every time i know it was
a little bit weaker but but that's fucking sports that's not just the NHL. You didn't score a goal. You lost 1-0.
No, I'm saying you didn't score a goal.
Buddy, their power play is rubbish.
They were better 5-on-5 than their power play as far as the Kings were concerned.
And going back to these last three series they've played against them,
Edmonton's 50 on the power play.
50?
They're 50.
So, like, figure it out.
The one other thing, man, and i think this is the biggest component because if they don't have this guy i don't think they get past one of the big dogs
are going to have to meet eventually evander kane in game three he was a fucking beast and his post
game press conference was he had hyman laughing at his answers Can we roll the audio of it at least?
Can we roll spec beforehand
In the podcast he did?
Is it the pressure?
Is it that it means more?
Or what makes you play your best hockey this time of year?
Just the drama of it all
Look at Hyman
Just brings the best out of me
So going back guys Drama of it all. Look at Hyman. Look at Hyman. Just brings the best out of me.
So going back, guys.
So Speck.
Everyone reads Speck.
You know Speck.
Mark Speck.
I love Speck.
I'll give Speck credit, dude.
He gets people talking.
Some people love him.
A lot of people hate him.
But this dude's been doing it for a long time.
And he went on a podcast.
I don't know what it was.
Or a radio show show and he just said
evander kane's all drama drama just surrounds this guy so much drama in his life he brings
drama everything he was saying actually he's calling it drama i think canadians do they say
drama biz i don't know but potato potato for him to then ask the question what does it bring what
makes you play so good him to just just bury him right back with the drama.
I mean, the timing, and he just looks at him.
And then Hyman's drinking the water.
Hyman can be a nicer guy.
Doesn't want any conflict.
And his smirk, dude.
And he's obviously been there behind the scenes
and probably witnessed some of it.
But Evander Kane, the gift that keeps on giving.
Fuck.
Is that something you guys talk about in the locker room?
Like,
well,
you guys make that motherfucker wrote a hit piece about me and then kind of
everyone chimes.
You just keep to yourself.
I think that you probably talk to the guys in the team you're most
comfortable with about like,
if a guy is coming at you publicly,
as far as a media member,
if it's like bothering you that much.
Yeah.
You probably mentioned it.
Some guys like make light of it and joke about it.
Be like, oh yeah, I'm getting ripped by spec again.
Like this is, is this a common thing?
Like how many times?
Oh yeah.
A personal attack on players.
Well, I, I don't want to really like, yeah, I guess kind of personal attacks.
I don't think he makes it super personal,
but he will call you out if you're not playing
and performing to your contract.
Like, put it this way.
I remember, like, I was in the locker room
in the real struggle days of the Oilers
and struggle days of my career,
and then I see the mob of media coming over,
and you're just like, oh, fuck.
I was minus three again last night. I've been
playing horrible. And you get a question
from Speck. And you know that question
is just going to basically be a different
worded way of saying, you suck.
Explain why. And then one time I got
up and then I went to the training room after and
Horko saw Speck hit you
with the first question. In
Edmonton, everyone knows Speck's
coming. And if you ain't playing, Speck's you with the first question. In Edmonton, everyone knows Speck's coming.
And if you ain't playing, Speck's writing about it.
And everyone reads Speck.
He's a media hound, like Leckanen.
Oh, he's a shit disturb.
But like I'm saying, you talk about him.
It's just that he's doing his job.
I mean, some guys hate him.
I certainly didn't love him when I was there.
But he's Speck.
And just to get buried back by Kane after bringing up the drama he's involved with.
But Kane, dude, yeah, the Oilers aren't going to win the Stanley Cup
without him being a big factor.
And what Chris Knobloch has done such a great job of since he's come over
is kind of realize how that lineup needs different adjustments here and there.
And I mentioned at the beginning of the playoffs, the first two games,
he started on the third line with McLeod and Perry.
And Fogle was playing up with Leon and Nuge.
Dude, before game three, what did Knobloch do?
He chucked Kane up in Fogle's spot.
And it's one of those, like, maybe,
I don't know if he even necessarily thought he deserved it,
but it's like, all right, he might have thought he deserved it
or he might have thought this will get him going. Gordie Howe hat trick, dude. Goal, Apple, fight,
and Kane's in the fucking series. And Kane's involved, and this is what we need. And now,
dude, if you have McDavid and Henrik and Hyman, and then you come on the ice with Nuge,
Leon, and Kane playing the way Evander Kane's capable of, that team is hard to beat.
And I want to shout out Vinny Desharnais.
This is a guy when I first saw him last year, I was kind of like,
ah, like big dude, tough, will stick up for teammates.
His skating, ah, dude, his skating has really improved.
A couple times this series, I've seen him pivot and go back on loose pucks,
win the race to the puck, make a play D to D.
It's just, it's, you got Ekholm playing with Bouchard.
You got CeCe and Nurse.
Then you got Kulak and Deharnais.
There's not much weakness there.
There's a lot of working together.
You could tell these guys are talking.
They're being very loud on the bench.
It's just a cohesive team.
And they have two superstars that as we look around the league and talk about the great players
and then the difference between a great player in the regular season and the playoffs, nobody does it like these two.
East Coast people, I got buddies that know I'm so invested with the Oilers that love hockey and want to watch McDavid
that are bitching about these start times that I'm sad don't get to see these two superstars that somehow are better in the playoffs.
Leon, dude, Leon last night.
Yeah, they only had 13 shots.
Buddy, this guy is a horse.
He's so much faster than people think.
He protects the puck in the offensive zone.
He'll stand still.
And guys are just bouncing off him.
And then he's doing no-look backhand passes to the middle of the ice,
giving guys chances.
It's just amazing hockey.
There's a long way to go.
They got to win 13 more games.
Let's finish off this series at home, not have to travel again.
But I love where the Oilers are at.
It's been an incredible first four games.
I'll tell you what, Whit.
I couldn't stay up last night to watch that.
I was like, this is just not worth my time to watch it.
I can't stay up late.
I'll watch it in the morning.
So I re-watching it this morning and I started rooting for the kings because of our dry sidle shots bet because
i wanted ot so then we're alive and the oilers gave them nothing nothing i was just so impressed
by them i was like wow maybe they are a team that can win the cup this year so i'm i'm really
really think you got something good there yeah biz i Biz. I saw, I saw Leon was minus one 30 minus one 25 over two and a half shots.
I was like, I put five grand on it and he got, he got his, he got his second.
He didn't get his second shot till like nine minutes left in the third.
I was like, and then I'm like, Merle's I'm like overtime.
I win the bet, but I don't want overtime.
Cause I need to go to bed and then they could lose.
And it was just like this ultimate, like, what do I do?
I was like, I'll just take the win.
I'll eat the loss.
I'll eat the loss.
I'd already hit Lekkonen.
Morales gave the Lekkonen over two and a half shots.
But, yeah, I thought Leon three shots was the lock of all, biggest lock of all time.
It was a Charles Barkley lock.
Piz, what should I take on this series?
I know fucking, we just had an epic break.
No, I mean, that was a great summary.
Yeah.
No, that was a great summary of Edmonton.
I don't know. I thought that the big guys
for LA showed up. They had a push.
They ran into a hot goalie.
Yeah, I don't really have
a summary on the Kings other than
fuck, it looks like they're going to be done.
I understand the goalie change.
I don't think Talbot was doing anything
where it didn't warrant Riddick coming in.
I thought he was solid. Dowdy's been battling his dick off. warrant Riddick coming in. I thought he was solid. I mean, Doughty's
been battling his dick off. He plays
a lot of minutes. I think he led
all skaters in ice time this season.
Yeah. Still getting it done at his age.
I thought Kempe looked great last
night. Like, they did everything. They threw the kitchen
sink at him, but they didn't figure out
the PK. And that
is the biggest thing. And then obviously
special teams. It came down to special teams and it's going to kill them. Last thing on the PK. And that is, is the biggest thing. And then obviously special teams, it came down to special teams and,
uh,
it's going to kill them.
Last thing on the series,
Quinton Byfield is here and it's only going to get better and better and
better.
That kid is a player.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Boy,
Kings keep running.
They're grooming them to be the next Copa car.
I think they're going to move them back to center ice position.
Yeah.
That would make sense. All right, boys. Uh, before we get to the next Kopitar. I think they're going to move him back to center ice position. Yeah, that would make sense.
All right, boys, before we get to the next series,
here's a few words from our buddies over at DraftKings.
Live.
All right, before we move it along here,
we have a few words from our good friends over at DraftKings.
Oh, it's that time of year, everybody.
It's Kentucky Derby time.
Are you ready for the greatest two minutes in sports?
Then saddle up with DK Horse
an official DraftKings affiliate.
And right now, new
customers who download the DK Horse app
can get a 100
deposit bonus up to
250.
Just deposit 25
or more and complete the playthrough
requirement. Make sure you do that.
Wage on your favorite horses, then watch the races at Churchill Downs live right in the app.
DraftKings has you covered with a one-stop shop for all things horse racing.
Download DKHorse now to join the Run for the Roses action.
New customers get a 100 deposit bonus up to 250 when they opt in with the code CHECKLETS.
Only on the DKHORUS app.
Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
18 and over or 21 and over in certain states to open or access an account and a resident of a state where DKHORUS is available.
Eligibility restrictions apply.
Void where prohibited.
One per new customer.
Match calculated on first deposit.
Up to a maximum of 250. All right, boys.
Moving along.
Dallas-Vegas.
This was looking like Vegas might run away with it from the jump,
but Dallas fortunately won game three, making a bit of a series here.
Orton had a tough start to the series, but he's buckled down a bit.
We're also going to give a little shout-out to Logan Thompson, man.
A little shout-out?
A little shout-out?
Okay.
Major shout-out to him.
Yeah, he had never played a playoff game prior to this year.
He had never started one.
You know, we met him out in the All-Star game last year.
Quite the character.
2-1 so far.
9-2-7.
Same percentage.
2-1-4.
Goals against.
But, yeah, we got a little good goalie matchup here.
This is like two contenders, man.
Obviously, someone's going to go out early.
Merles, we'll go to you for this one first.
What are you liking on this?
I know you got a little multiple nigs inside of there for you.
Yeah, I got my Vegas Stanley Cup future.
I love that team.
I thought it was done.
I felt sure they were going to win that game at home,
but Dallas, they're a serious team,
and we don't talk about enough that desperation.
How much desperation can play into some of these things?
You saw it with the other series we'll'll get to that. We're down three,
nothing,
but Dallas had to have that game.
They threw everything at Vegas.
And yeah,
I,
I,
I'm,
I'm not big on Logan Thompson as,
as our Vegas insider.
He he's all right on him.
He likes him a little bit,
but I'm much comfortable with Aiden Hill,
but he was phenomenal.
He kept him in that game,
but credit to Dallas and our guy,
Wyatt Johnson,
that guy is just, we're going to talk about him for the next 10, 15 years as a superstar.
Hey, I think somebody got him with a crazy future to win the Conn Smythe.
I think it was at Pasha, put down a hundred bucks to potentially win.
Pasha was.
Yeah.
Ten grand.
He's unbelievable.
Let's go back.
That game three made me change my mind where I think Dallas can actually
come back and win this series.
You know what the scoring chances were?
High danger scoring chances after two periods.
21 to 3.
21.
That's what it ended up being.
Every fucking chance that Dallas was getting was a high danger chance.
All the way to the one where Logan logan thompson made the save
and then eichel goes down on the two-on-one and ends up fucking burying or did he set up march
or so on that one but either way then you see logan thompson coming that he's giving it the
pumper nickel you never see that from a goaltender but hey dallas in overtime they knew their lives
were on the line they dominated the entire entire game. They stepped it up.
I loved how they kept  Stankhoven was playing a shit ton in OT,
obviously with Wyatt Johnson.
They kept going to the young legs, and that's a pushback.
That's when you're on the ropes.
Winnipeg, take notes.
When you're on the fucking ropes, you got to go in
and you got to fucking dominate in the way building.
That's how it's done.
So I mean, two goals for Wyatt Johnson.
Incredible series so far.
Everybody came to play in that game.
They were fucking blocking shots.
They were fucking humming offensively.
And a little concerning if you're the Vegas Golden Knights
with that performance.
Because even when they wanted to turn it on, they couldn't.
Dallas just dominated from top to bottom.
So Dallas is the best.
They're the best team on the road in the NHL.
So I think they definitely had that confidence going in.
We're like, we're so far from dead in this series.
But, buddy, you're up 2-0.
Everything's looking good.
You're dominating play.
Next thing you know, it's 2-2.
All based on that big save and Eichel going down in Barron.
And if last year didn't remind us enough, Buffalo Sabres fans,
you're not going to love it.
Eichel is fucking amazing.
He is so dominant when he wants to be.
He comes down shorthand.
You think he might pass.
Nope.
Just snipes one right off the post and in.
And it's 2-2, and you're like, holy shit.
Like, they're somehow
gonna pull this game out too you remember in game two it was 1-1 and all of a sudden like
hannifin comes out and gets that goal in the second period it's like they just couldn't get
over the hump at home glassbanger an issue glassbanger should maybe not show up he's a
liability he's a liability but when you're the best road team and then you go in there like that and
Heskinen,
Heskinen was,
was incredible.
I thought I was the best player on the ice.
How did you,
what did you end up deciding with him on your list?
Mer?
Does he fit the criteria?
He was the best player on the ice and he was physical too.
He was hammering guys.
He was doing it all.
He needed,
he needed to step up in a big way where I said this
on the, on the show, I feel like in the regular season, given the offensive output they had,
he didn't have to, to, to join the rush all the time. He just needed to play a simple, easy game,
make sure he was breaking out the puck, staying in position. He had to be a little bit more
aggressive and stand out. And in game three, like like i said he was the best player on the
ice and then he has the goal as well so uh hats off to him he needed a response and he needed to
come out of his shell and i don't know exactly where he is on your list murr but he needs to
be on it after that performance yeah he's on there he's 6-1-194 so he fits the criteria i didn't go
under the hood yet check his blocks blocked shots block shots. That's, but, um,
yeah,
I'm very happy with him.
We saw him at ice con with,
and we couldn't stop talking about him.
Every shift he was out there in person,
it was different.
He was sick.
He's very,
um,
very fluid in the way he moves.
He's quiet about how he does it.
And,
and obviously probably playing with Klingberg for the amount of time he did
probably taught him a little bit about walking the line and how he's able to juke guys out i guess my comment and it's no offense to him i would say that he's a poor
man's macar like he is he's just underneath him with all the skating ability the offensive ability
the way that he's able to defend and close on guys he's a one-man breakout he's worth and i
don't even think he's making that much i think he's making like
eight and a half so just an absolute bargoon and and one of the more under underappreciated
defenseman in the league because he plays in dallas and you never hear about him when you
look at at these lineups and how evenly matched these teams are the the fasca and uh radic fasca
he's day-to-day but he's line, whatever you could kind of deal with that.
The Marchment injury, and it's also listed as day-to-day.
That's a loss that's going to be hard for them.
I don't know when he'll be able to play again.
But that second line of Sagan, Duchesne, and Marchment,
they're awesome together.
So that's a big piece, and he's so big against a huge Vegas defense
that you'd like to  or you'd think that he might need to be a part of this series
for Dallas to come back and get it done. Like we said, after it was 2-0, you got to win four out
of five against Vegas. Thompson's kicking. It's going to be hard, but I wouldn't be surprised at
all if it's 2-2 going back to Dallas. I think we're going to see more out of Pavelski. His
resume and his past convinces me that while being quiet so far,
you're going to see a big goal out of him at some point.
And I actually think overall, Hintz has been quiet too.
Robertson's been real good, but his winger's there.
You've got to think Hintz and Pavelski will end up getting this thing going a little bit more.
Or is Hintz the center on that line?
Hintz is center, but no, you're good.
Sorry, the other two guys on that line.
So Dallas has a little bit of
question marks, but just that response and Merle's mentioned the desperation. What was kind of
shocking to me was when Wyatt Johnson scored that goal, his celebration was his second goal of the
game, game winner back in the series. He was kind of just gave it a fist pump. It wasn't. And this
shot, buddy. Oh, he got a little step on Theodore. And I think a lot of guys would have ripped it
quicker. And even Theodore with that long reach he just waited waited waited Thompson had to go down
he had no room bar down I actually hit the bar and the top of the net right down and he gives
that pump there but I I feel like I would have expected a much bigger celebration we're back
this thing ain't over and he was just fucking let's. And the guys came in and business as usual on the road
for the stars. So let's see what
the Golden Knights come back and respond
with in game. This should be a great one tonight
guys. That was part of my theory as to
why I think Dallas can come back and win this
series is they just
dominated in game three
but yet they haven't had their big dogs
fully step up, right? Like you said
Pavelski. There's still a lot of gas left in the tank.
A little bit more from Jamie Benn, Duchesne, Sagan.
Like if these guys all fucking show up the way they did in regular season
for game four, we're right back to Dallas all tied up, baby.
Yeah, it's just tough for those stars to get going against this Vegas team,
though.
You see those D, they keep rolling out there,
and the lines, they roll out there.
It's really something. Like, oh, man,
those guys are out there. Oh, those guys are
out there now. It's really something.
Yeah.
Boys, I thought we might have a few handshakes
over the weekend. Fortunately, we only got
one handshake line. We'll get to that
in a little bit, but Tampa Bay, the Islanders
both staved off elimination.
Matthew Bozzel, double overtime. Get the game-winning goal versusers both staved off elimination. Matthew Barzal, double overtime.
Game-winning goal versus
Carolina, stave off that. And the
Tampa Bay, man, they look dead in the water.
Ended up winning. Stamkos had two goals in
Game 4.
3-1 right now. Biz, who's
dead out of these two teams? Are the Islanders dead in the water
or what? I mean, are they going to come back?
I don't think they're coming back to win the series.
I like
their ability
to to beat guys one-on-one facing man-on-man pressure i the barzell move that's what you have
to do you you have to beat them one-on-one you have to create your own offense because they're
going to smother you so he gives that juke moves he creates a separation and rips it posted in so
unless we keep seeing stuff like that then they they don't have a chicken's-dick's chance of coming back in this series.
I mean, their power play is not very good.
It's never been very good.
Another aspect to what they need is that second layer of offense
from their back end.
Noah Dobson, much like I said, like Haskin in early on,
maybe wasn't jumping in the play, playing on his toes, being aggressive.
This is a guy who had 70 points in the regular season, 10 goals and 60 assists.
So I thought he was way more active in that game four.
And I thought that that was a big component to why they were able to press.
And hey, give it to the Islanders.
I think they've outshot them two of the four games so far, which doesn't normally happen.
We know that Islanders aren't the most offensive team either,
but this regular season, Carolina led the league
and only given up 26 shots per game.
So three times now, Islanders have exceeded that.
So if they get the goaltending and, you know,
maybe they can squeeze one more out,
but I think this series is dead in the water
and we're going to see a performance from Carolina
like we did in game two, where they have 110 shot attempts and just completely
smother them and swarm offensively, where I don't think this is going longer than five
games, boys.
I think they get it done at home.
They ain't fucking around.
I do, too.
I think it's similar to Vancouver, too.
Without the travel being insane, it's like, we ain't going back to New York.
The only reason we're going back to New York is to play the Rangers next round.
I'm not flying back to Long Island to stay at the Garden City Inn
and play the Islanders again at UBS.
So I was also amazed at Stefan Nosen, who spent time in the AHL
and has really found a role with Carolina.
Dude, he ties that game four up late.
He's on the PP.
It's just like Brindamore is able to find certain guys that just fit a mold.
He loves how they play, and he's not just playing third, fourth line.
He's out on the power play, tying it up late.
It was a beautiful tip, too.
The Islanders are just hands down the best at blowing leads and blowing third
period leads this entire season. And for the, uh, for the Canes to tie that one later, I was like,
Oh my God, they're going to blow another one. I thought the Canes would get that overtime winner,
but you mentioned the Barzal move. Then Bertuzzo gets that shot through. It was just,
it was a great effort and it was desperation. was not giving in not giving up and in fairness
like they could Carolina could this series could easily be 2-2 it's like they they have outplayed
them in certain aspects and a couple games so you got to think if they're able to steal one
go on the road steal that one game and somehow get it back home. Then you never know. It's a tall task. I don't think they're going to be able to get game five.
But credit where credit's due.
Now, I ate a lot of shit from Rangers fans.
I had a take.
It was last season where I said I thought Sorokin might end up being better than Shesterk.
And I think I actually guaranteed it.
Sorokin got his chance in game three.
Gives up three.
Gets the hook.
Something's gone wrong with him.
The whole second half, pretty much since Wach came over, you saw Varlamov was the guy.
I don't know what's going on. Maybe over the summer in talking to Patrick Watt and getting
back with a goalie coach, he's able to fix it. But right now that's a take I would love to have
back. Shostakhin is on the top of his game, dude. Sorokin hasn't given up four or more goals in 27 straight playoff games.
Like, this guy, he's him.
We keep saying he is him.
But Sorokin, in getting that chance game three to get his team back home
into the series, he laid a huge egg and got pulled.
And Varlamov came in and got the job done in game four
to stop the sweep from happening.
So shout out to the Islanders for not giving in.
And who knows?
Maybe you can shock them in Carolina.
But that crowd and when that team gets going at home,
it's going to be tough.
One other way they could potentially come back in this series,
they've got to figure out a way to block the shots from the point.
They've got to get in shot lanes.
Which you think they'd be good at.
Which you think would be part of their identity.
Carolina, third highest scoring back end in the regular season.
And they just find a way to generate offense.
You saw on game, I think it was three, Orlov and Burns had one.
And then going back to last game, Pajot, you've got to get in that shot lane.
That's where they pepper all their shots and then they filter in the flankers.
That's why the power play has been good for Carolina.
And that, to me, is why the Islanders are struggling.
They haven't figured that out yet.
They need to make that adjustment and lay their bodies on the line.
Let the bodies hit the floor.
What I agree with you, man, I mean, the Islanders are right in this series.
The first two games, they lost two goals.
There was an empty dinner in each of those.
The third game, they lost by a goal, and they won the fourth one. This could easily be
two series or three-one their way.
I agree with that. It's a lot closer than I think
people think. Merle,
it was a sweep,
but it wasn't a sweep.
We didn't get stopped.
Yeah, and
Biz was like, say that again,
I didn't get stopped.
Merle, what do you got on Tampa and Florida, man?
I mean, Tampa won last, made a 3-1 series.
Are they done or what?
I mean, they're not going to quit.
They got hats of champions, but Florida's been steamrolling them.
This is the one.
I think this one's still alive.
Both games in Florida were 3-2.
The one was in overtime, so Tampa could have easily won that one.
And as you said, they're champions.
Champions don't die
easily. They got the
great goaltending, which you need.
I'm taking Tampa. We'll get to some
picks later, but I think Tampa's
going to go in and steal that one game.
They'll go home and win, and we'll see a
seven-game series in the Sunshine State.
I thought the coolest story of that
day was Sergeyev coming back.
80 fucking days since he broke two bones in his leg.
And he leads him out.
He starts the game, plays 17 minutes of ice
against the best team in the East, in my opinion.
And he ends up getting a primary assist.
So that was such an emotional elevation for that group.
And Koop is so good at pulling on
the heartstrings and what he says in the media
and motivating his
guys. I think he said, he goes, if
you don't have belief, don't show up to the fucking
rink tomorrow. And that whole
core group and what was potentially
Stamkos' last game as a Tampa
Bay Lightning, they all showed up.
I think the whole entire core group
had a point. Point was unbelievable.
Stamkos had a goal.
Kucherov looked like himself again.
The power play was going like it hadn't been all series long.
So it was all systems go.
Hedman's been a fucking dog too.
He's lugging 25 minutes a night in the absence of Sergeyev,
basically having to handle all of it in all situations.
So a very gutsy effort.
It was great to, if it is Stamkos or if it was his last game
as a Tampa Bay Lightning, to get to have that experience
in that game at home with them playing the way they did,
that's what they all deserved.
And as Talkett would say, you never underestimate
the heart of a champion.
They will not go silently into the night.
Great push by Florida.
Obviously, I think in the third period,
they hit a couple posts after they'd made it close.
It was 4-3.
I think they rung one off the crossbar,
one off the post,
so they still had that fight and pushback.
This is an uphill climb,
but if there was one team that could do it
it would be a team with two cups and a modern day dynasty on their hands
while we're talking about the sergachev i'm sorry wet but sergachev i just want to say it before
we move on from him is in his clip but he was talking about how he saw stamkos come back from
the injury and how it made him like i gotta work to work even harder. I got to do even more and more and more.
And that's goes back to culture.
And the Toronto Maple Leafs have the opposite of that.
Biz, I love you mentioned stamina, like five goals in this series.
He doesn't have a deal.
Like how proud is that guy?
Not to mention at the end of game three, when he went down in goaltender mode and blocked
that shot when they were trying to keep alive, could chuck ended up burying it but he gets two goals after the game you saw coop walking off
the bench almost like you thought you were gonna sweep us you motherfuckers i don't think so and
and then nick paul dude what the hell were the ottawa senators doing getting rid of this guy
idiot didn't he didn't he sign doesn't he sign sign a seven year deal for like two million bucks or three million bucks?
I think he makes like three and change.
And I think it was long term.
Like, oh, what a fucking move that was bringing that guy over.
He's been a beast ever since he got there.
It's still to me, if I look at all the three one series, I think Nashville has the best
chance to come back and win the series just because of how good Florida is.
But in game three, dude, Tampa was up to one. They're looking good. All of a sudden, boom, boom, boom.
It's 4-2. And Paul made it 4-3 and ended up finishing off with a chuck empty netter. But
this Florida team, guys, they're just so much to handle. And you saw how much it took for Tampa to
get that win. Can they do that three more times? I doubt it. It certainly won't be easy.
If any team isn't going to lay down, like you guys mentioned, it'll be Tampa. And if you can
get back to home ice for game six, it's the same thing we've been saying with these other series.
You never know. It's just Florida. They're too big. They're too strong. And they have Bob,
Bob, Bob is the guy. Bob has been doing it now over and over. Everyone wondered,
could he do it again? Yes, he's doing it again.
So I was impressed by Tampa.
Sergeyev, you saw the emotional Instagram post he had when he did get hurt.
I think he talked about God and his faith in that post.
So he got on the ice for warm-ups.
The place was going nuts, and he kind of blessed himself.
So you know that there was a lot of energy that went into that.
That's a 24-7, like, he wasn't thinking or doing anything else
but recover and try to come back to play.
And Koop also, like, talk about playing that thing like a dog.
I think he came out and said no chance he plays first round.
And maybe they hoped that he wouldn't have to,
but desperation, they called for him coming in.
But, Biz, you said it, 17 minutes.
Looked great, Biz.
I saw on the broadcast
you say, like, in the clips
that had come out from him, it just looked like
the Daytona 500 at the beginning of practice
just barely moving. You're like,
alright, he's on the ice, but he isn't ready to play.
Dude, he's playing with big-time
forwards and keeping pace and pivoting.
I was amazed at that.
In every clip I saw, he wasn't even taking
a full stride.
So I'm like, this is just more of a moral boost.
And then they asked us, do you think he's going to play?
I'm like, no, he's just there to read the lineup card and be there for warmup
and get the boys fired up.
And the next thing you know, he's on the fucking blue line starting the game.
I'm like, what?
Sick analysis, Biz.
I don't even have the guy playing.
He's fucking starting.
But one last thing I want to say about florida the fourth line nicky cousins all the fucking king of the rats
boy he is fuck they had lombardini go down too he was i think he was out with the flu so he didn't
even play and that lorenz kid stepped in and did a heck of a job ended up having two points in that
game three. So when
we talk about the Florida Panthers and their
6D and their whole
lineup, front to bottom, well when
the fourth line's contributing two goals, man,
no team has any chance if they're
fucking clicking on all cylinders. And that Stenland,
that monster, know nothing about
that guy. Is it Stenland, the huge
righty on the fourth line? This fucking guy,
he's a beast uh
last thing for me on the series we talked about the trades and you get paul and like
how good was hagel how good is hagel ben that was another deal the blackhawks didn't want him i guess
they didn't want to pay him but what a deal is he's an awesome player he's proven himself in the
playoffs i know he wasn't there for either of the Cups. But, dude, it hasn't been on him why they haven't been able to get it done
since he's come over because he plays a hard role.
He plays physical, and he scores big goals.
That's where you can figure out the dummy organizations.
You see all these smart ones and how many first-round picks they give up?
All these valuable first-round picks.
You get assets.
You go get good players
and all those players you mentioned for Colorado
Lekkonen, I think they gave up maybe two
first rounders
for him to Montreal
give them away, get the good players
Nick Paul, Hagel
all these good teams are going to
find these diamond in the roughs that these
shit organizations think that they have crappy
players so they give them away because they think their scouting staff is going to find these diamond in the roughs that these shit organizations think that they have crappy players.
So they give them away because they think their scouting staff is going to draft the next unreal first round draft pick.
Idiots, morons, dumpster fire organizations who don't have a fucking clue where we should be running them.
R.A., you should be the fucking GM of half these teams.
There's not a chicken dick chance of that happening.
Oh, yeah.
I would.
You're talking about Brodsky, right? I would, uh, when you're talking about Bobrovsky,
right?
I mean,
dude,
he's been absolutely insane so far.
I looked at his numbers.
It's three in one,
right?
Three,
two,
one goals against fucking eight,
seven,
four safe percentages.
Like,
wait a minute,
huh?
Like I had a double check and I'm like,
dude,
he's been insane.
Like,
I can't believe his safe percentage is that low.
Obviously he had one bad game.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, high scoring series. You're playing against Tampa Bay, right? Absolutely. Like, I can't believe his save percentage is that low. Obviously, he had one bad game. Yeah. Yeah, dude.
Well, it's a high-scoring series.
You're playing against Tampa Bay, right?
Absolutely.
Yeah, you're right.
It was four games, so that one high-scoring game kind of fudges the numbers a little bit.
Yeah.
17 out of 19, 21 out of 23, 26 out of 29, 36 out ofI'm sorry, 26 out of 32, the last one.
But, like, I mean, the saves he's made, dude.
He's been unconscious.
Like, the one with the fuckingthe one with the back of his elbow turning around.
Put it this way, R.A.
You see those numbers.
Paul Maurice and
Bill Zito, they're zero wary.
You might look at those numbers. Some guys are like,
I don't know what we got. No.
That's why sometimes you have to
dig a little deeper than just look at the numbers.
Under the hood, as most people.
I don't even know how to open the hood in my car.
Who else do we have left?
Saying goodbye to Washington.
You're in your 40s.
You don't know how to look under a hood yet?
Oh, you're such a manly man, R.A.
I bet you're fucking changing spare tires all the time.
R.A., do you even have a car?
I don't think I've ever seen you driving.
I wasn't talking about a car hood, Merle.
What's looking under the hood?
Whoa.
I mean, wow.
What's looking under the hood?
I don't know.
I'm missing this one.
You guys don't know the guy under the hood, the little man under the hood, the man in the canoe?
You haven't heard that fucking phrase?
Like my dog?
Like my dog?
My baby maker?
Wow.
So all you women
don't have any fucking satisfaction
with you three.
Merle's got it, right?
Yeah, clit.
Clitoris, that's all.
Oh, finding the clit is looking under the hood?
Yeah, a little bit.
Well, that's the clitoral hood that covers it all.
That's literally what it's called.
A little OBGYN lesson.
Learn something new every day.
Absolutely, boys. If I asked my wife to
look under her hood right now, she'd slap
me in the face 10 months pregnant.
Yeah, I would hope so.
You know what? I'm going to call my
great-grandmother right now, and I'm going to use
a horizon. And look under her hood?
Oh, my God.
She just ruined that.
All right.
Off to the Verizon.
All right, guys.
Before we go any farther, we have to talk about our good friends at Verizon.
This playoffs has been a blast for me.
Watching the Bs beat up on the Toronto Maple Leafs and Biz has just been an absolute blast.
But the series isn't over yet.
There's a lot of hockey left to be played, which means there's a lot of hockey left to be watched. And we use Verizon for that. Verizon's fast, reliable network lets you
stream the games on the go or at home to keep up with all the action. It's had me covered down here.
I'm in Chicago right now. It has me covered here. It has me covered in New York late nights when
I'm on the go, if I'm out at the bar, or if I'm just sitting and watching and my girlfriend doesn't want to watch it. Plus, Verizon makes it easy to save on streaming
the Stanley Cup playoffs. For a limited time, they're offering a great deal on the Disney bundle,
which includes Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+. You can stream select Stanley Cup playoff games,
including every game of the Stanley Cup final on ESPN+.
Visit verizon.com slash barstool to learn more.
All right, boys, I mentioned earlier, only one handshake line all weekend.
The Rangers did sweep the Caps 4-0.
Charlie Lindgren had a great year, but he wasn't up to snuff this whole playoffs.
Shusterkin, unbelievable.
Rangers are looking good right now,
Merles. You think they are? How far they go? Eastern Conference Finals, Stanley Cup
wide. A lot of people got dough on them.
Yeah, they're looking
good. The goalie's playing well.
Wow. Eastern
Conference Final.
You're going to be playing who? Your Bruins?
Well, I know. They're going to beat Carolina
first. They ain't going to be Carolina. First Carolina.
Shut the fuck up.
DraftKings already had the odds for Carolina Rangers.
Did you see that?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It was a Carolina minus one 40.
Did you say?
Yeah.
Plus one 20.
Yeah.
I really liked the Rangers.
I do like them.
I would love for New York to,
to get there,
but I,
I would have to say they're,
they're not going to the Eastern conference final right now all right wow no shit huh um i will say smart
of them to win the president's trophy because they easily had the fucking biggest layup of the first
round completely dumbing them i think they had just as many shorthanded goals as washington did
power play goals their special teams were cranking. Panarin, holy fuck, dude.
This guy's hammering, guys.
Ends up getting the series clincher.
I thought the best player in the series was Trocek.
75 in the face-off circle, three goals, three assists,
fucking getting involved physically.
They're just a well-oiled machine right now, and they look good, boys.
Yeah, it sucks to see. The Fugazis don't look very Fugoiled machine right now, and they look good, boys. Yeah, it sucks to see.
The Fugazis don't look very Fugazi-like right now.
Not at all.
But I'm hoping this big, long, lingering rest period
just helps them completely forget about how to play hockey,
and then Carolina goes in the next round and waxes them.
I don't really have much else to say.
Shusterkin.
What did you say Shusterkin was at as far as his numbers?
I mean, he hasn't let in four goals.
He hasn't let in four or more goals in 27 straight playoff games.
Oof.
Yeah, the other game he let in three at home.
That was the first time in a dozen games or something that he let in more than two.
So he's dialed in.
When he gets in that dialed zone, it's pretty scary as the opposing team.
Going back to the series, amazing first time ever.
Ovi didn't have a point in a playoff series, and he had nothing.
Beginning of the year, he had nothing, and then he turned it on.
Carberry, after the series, actually mentioned he thought he was so gassed
from dragging him into the
playoffs and how well he played. Probably
a little bit of a diplomatic answer, right?
Like, what, R.A.?
Sorry, I'm going to cut you off, but we do got to
give Spencer Carberry his props
for what he did with that team this year, man.
He was a guy who'd come out of nowhere a coach.
I don't know if he's going to be a finalist for the Jack
Adams, but he should be. Did an awesome job
with those guys. Sorry, I'm going to cut you off. No, that's okay. finalist for the Jack Adams, but he should be. Did an awesome job with those guys. Sorry.
No, that's okay.
I think that's a good point.
I think he would be top three.
But OVI, he was invisible.
He just wasn't hitting like he usually does.
He couldn't even get his shot off.
He couldn't get chances.
You got to give credit to the Rangers.
Suffocating defense. They got guys playing up and down that lineup that can just check and
score. You got Rempe
scoring a goal in game one.
You got Vesey scoring a goal in that series.
You got everyone producing. This Will
Cooley?
Yeah, he's a good player. That guy's nice.
He's the one with Wilson
and the cock. Yeah, he gave a
little spear to Wilson and the cock.
You gotta now see they got a chance at getting
what's his name back in the lineup?
The fuck?
Concussions injuries.
Cheitel.
Cheitel.
Yeah, Heidel.
I'm the worst name guy.
Heidel.
I'm mush brain right now.
But the Rangers, they got to be super confident in how they look.
But the Caps, I thought one of the coolest things in the series,
and I could say mea culpa on me.
I didn't like the hit that Panarin threw.
But Oshie was on the broadcast with Biz on TNT,
and a guy who's killed people his entire career,
he said, I didn't mind the hit.
And that's honorable.
I mean, that's a guy who's saying, no, I got run over.
And Panarin, we already mentioned him playing like that
is exactly what you want to see as a Rangers fan.
And then, oh, she's able to eat it.
Yeah, I got run over and I didn't have a problem with the hit.
You got to commend him for that.
Those dickhead Rangers fans had a good laugh at my expense
when I teed him up for that to say, yeah, I'm hoping we get a few more calls.
And he says, oh, I actually like the hit.
I was like, motherfucker. I'm hoping we get a few more calls. And he says, oh, I actually like the hit. I was like, motherfucker!
I'm going to be a meme online
now because of these idiot Thrags
fans coming after me. There must have been
a hundred quote tweets. Call me a
clown. Putting the makeup on me.
All of it.
He's got a shirt with a clown face on you.
But the
Rangers, I've always looked up to
Chris Drury. That's why I'm rooting for the Rangers.
I love Chris Drury.
He's done a great job there.
I love the excitement around that team.
MSG is my favorite place to play, at least top three.
Rangers fans are crazy.
Rangers fans are out there thinking they're going to beat the Canes in five games.
It's like, buddy, you're a good team, but you haven't been tested yet.
You had the easiest route in the first round,
and while giving credit, you took care of business, right? Carolina has to go to game five. good team, but you haven't been tested yet. You had the easiest route in the first round. And
while giving credit, you took care of business, right? Carolina has to go to game five that you,
you didn't, you were able to show up and just wax this team four in a row. Good for you.
Not much competition, but it's going to get way different next round.
Shisterkin is kind of the game breaker. When I look at Carolina though, it's like,
fuck Anderson looks awesome too. So it's, though, it's like, fuck, Anderson looks awesome, too.
So I think that's going to be an amazing series.
I mentioned the game they played earlier.
I think it was February.
It was like 1-0 or 2-1.
Unbelievable hockey.
You imagine it'll be like that for seven games.
But the Rangers have a lot of momentum right now.
They got Keiondre Miller playing great.
I thought that Trouba is just being himself.
He's hammering guys along the boards.
Adam Fox, who I thought
might have got injured there. That was a little
scary. I think Jensen kind of went knee on
knee on him. He seemed to be okay from that.
Rangers fans were petrified for a minute.
But yeah, they have a great team.
They have a chance to go really far, but
the competition starts now.
A few years back, we used to talk about how many
Finnish goalies there were. They kind of dominated the league for a while like we can talk about the russian goalies man you
know vasilevsky bovrovsky shisterkin these guys are dominating the playoffs right now i feel like
russian goalies are like you know fucking run the league right now no well merles were you telling
me that story on a podcast or was that in chicago when we were just hanging out or minnesota about
how the russian federation wanted to change up their goaltending issue when you were just hanging out, or Minnesota, about how the Russian Federation wanted to change up their goaltending issue
when you were over there.
Yeah, that was way back.
I think in like 2009 when the KHL first started,
they made a rule that you could have five imports,
but if you had an import goalie, he counted as two
because they weren't getting enough goalies.
They weren't developing enough of their own goalies,
so they made that rule so teams would stop bringing in imports so it really turned the whole dynamic of everything so that's what
2009 15 years ago yeah it makes sense that it worked it does and and and you have all these
guys that are starring and shuster can be in the top dog sorokin look great he struggled then you
got vasilevsky and then like this fedov, who's coming over to Philly now,
who actually signed a pretty big extension.
Yeah, they're all over the place.
You also have, I think it's Askarov, who's coming into Nashville.
I don't know what's going to happen with Saros,
but he's been lighting up the AHL.
I believe he was, like, a top 15 pick for Nashville.
He was great in Milwaukee.
So, the Russians have done an amazing job producing
goaltending talent. Now we just got to get them back
in this best on best. Yeah, exactly.
Well, yeah.
Shoving needles up their ass.
That's why they're not playing, right?
I don't know.
There's a lot of issues going on.
They're all renting Tim Stapleton's room
When he's not there
What is it?
They still suspend her from smoking darts on the plane
After they won the gold medal at World Juniors
What's the deal here?
They're trying to take back
Trying to take back Crimea
Jesus Christ
There's some issues over there in Russia
If I offered you
A billion dollars Would you fly to Russia?
Yes.
50 million?
So you'd die for a billion dollars, right?
You think for sure if I showed up in Russia, I'm getting killed?
I just wonder if I got you a flag.
I don't think it's worth it for you going there.
For a billion?
All I have to do is fly?
What?
So you would die for a billion dollars?
I think my wife would be pushing me onto the plane.
If I made it home, I got a million.
She'd have a new pool boy.
Hey, Ryder would be learning soccer and hockey from the pool boy.
A Russian with a mullet shows up at my house.
He's got my heart in his hand. Still beating somehow.
Yeah.
It has a billion dollars.
Want to play soccer?
We just killed your family.
Like, I mean, not a billion dollars.
Hey, let's get you a bowl cut.
And let me shove this needle in your ass, Ryder.
We're going to jacked all of a sudden.
All right.
Well, listen, boys.
Muggsy, Jeans, Merles.
We won them last year down at NYPDFDNY game.
They're so comfortable. They're so good.
Here's an ad for Muggsy right now.
Alright, gang. Before we go any further,
here's a few words from our good friends over at
Muggsy.
Look at this vest gang, right?
Muggsy makes the Chicklets crew
look awesome. We were down at the NYPD FDNY game
last year. They had us all decked out in the old Canadian
tuxedos. Dude, these
clothes are so comfortable. Like, if you're like me,
kind of spaghetti legs. Don't
have much in the back there. Don't matter. Muggsy
jeans are so comfortable. The style, the
comfort is unreal because Muggsy
makes damn comfortable clothing for guys
everywhere. Muggsy started by
reinventing the jeans game back in 2015,
and now they make the best jeans, chinos, tops, and joggers ever.
Mugsy works exclusively with some of the best designers
and manufacturers around the world
to deliver the finest quality fabrics directly to your door.
I mean, might look like Michael J. Fox a little bit back to the future,
but pretty stylish, little vest action right here. Their entire goal is making guys more comfortable at work, at the bar, on look like Michael J. Fox a little bit back to the future, but pretty stylish. A little vest action right here.
Their entire goal is making guys more comfortable at work, at the bar, on the course, wherever, by giving them one place to shop.
Get one of these bad boys right here.
Made from buttery soft, patented stretch materials that look stylish, but are insanely comfortable.
Never too baggy, never too tight.
There are over 18,000 five-star reviews from dudes of every shape
and size of which i am certainly one of them and first time customers can get 20 back on their
first order right now all you need to do is head to mugsy.com and enter your email and the discount
is automatically added to your card boom simple that's back on the only jeans and pants you will ever wear
again. Free shipping and free returns
on every single order. So the only
risk is never knowing
how great they truly are.
Mugsy, I'm
telling you guys, not just the ad. They are the
best. I have a pair they gave me.
They're not jeans. They must be what? Chinos they're called?
They're like golf pants. I have a pair they gave me. They're not jeans. They must be what? Chinos they're called. They're like golf pants.
I come home and instead
of switching into my sweats, I just
stay in those because they're so comfortable.
It's amazing. They look great on you and you
have some fit. You're thick.
You got a Beyonce dumper on you,
Murr. That's all you do.
You got those thoroughbred legs.
I've always had the hardest time finding
jeans. I would find a pair and I would buy five of them
so I'd be good for like five years.
You were getting a ton of compliments
when you did the FDNY
NYPD broadcast. People were like,
damn, Mer cleans up nice.
You must have slayed back
in the day. Are you allowed to talk about it?
No.
It's a live show.
My old man said
How do you think I got my wife? How do you think I get the
beautiful Swedish wife, Biz?
You took her to the casino
and she saw the Merle's Casino act.
She was always better than Black.
How did you meet her?
Did you go to the bar there?
Just look at them.
It's a big story between us
because I claim she bought me a shot at the bar,
but she probably remembers better than I do that I went up to her
and meet a guy that I was playing with, Alex Larson.
We went up and bought them Fisherman shots.
There was no Pink Whitney back then, so we were over in Sweden.
What's in a Fisherman shot?
They don't sell it over here, so it kind of tastes, you know,
Fisherman's Friends, the cough drops, kind of tastes like that. It looks like it over here so it kind of tastes you know fishermen's friends the cough drops kind of tastes like yeah okay and um it looks it looks like jaeger so it's black
it's dark black but it's got like a coffee or a cough medicine it's the best dude complete black
out if i've been seeing these green teas all over the place for shots but i mean i have done a green
tea shot before that was the cool gram thing I feel like it got popular when the word organic popped off.
You know, everything's got organic on it now.
It's like, oh, do a green tea shot so you'll get fucked up.
But yet, you know, it's a little bit healthy.
These are organic Doritos.
They're cool.
Remember the pickle juice shots were big for a while, too.
Have you tried my organic blow? Who was the guy who used to crush pickle juice shots were big for a while, too. Have you tried my organic blow?
Who was the guy who used to crush pickle juice on the bench?
Oh, pickle juice and mustard.
All right.
We're getting yelled at here.
Boys, we had a firing since the last time we met.
David Quinn, two years in San Jose.
They fired him.
1954-9.
Tough session for him.
That's going to be a tough gig for a guy to fucking take a gig like that.
He knows it's not going to be good.
And then you're basically getting paid to lose.
Do you think it was a situation where he wasn't doing a good job?
Or it was just like, man, they felt bad for him.
What's your take on this, Wynton?
I don't know.
I felt bad for Quinny.
I mean, it had to be the hardest coaching experience he's ever had.
It's hard to put a lot of blame on him with that roster.
Like, I don't  who would have done better?
I mean, they didn't  their defense.
I don't know if they had a
Us.
We better.
Yeah, by just, like, bringing him out every night
and them just playing guilty every single game.
But maybe it was one of those things where now it's a complete reset and a complete rebuild.
When he got there, I don't think it necessarily looked like that,
but they've made all these moves since hurdles gone.
And it's like, all right, let's just kind of reset again.
Who knows if Will Smith ends up turning out pro, if they end up getting first overall,
they get Celebrini.
There's not much in the prospect cupboard board.
So that's what's kind of, I think, worrisome for a lot of Sharks fans.
It's like you don't even really know what the future is going to bring.
They need to win that.
If the Blackhawks get this first overall pick again.
What do you mean if?
They're getting it.
You think it's happening again?
But they get every outdoor game.
They get every first overall pick.
What are you talking about?
They have dirt on Gary and fucking Bill Daly or something
if they do. If they do,
the league, you think
that the backlash towards Mark Stone going
on LTIR is great. If the Hawks
get the first overall pick again,
Sharks fans should storm the NHL
offices. But
yeah, I don't know where Quinney will end up.
Feel bad for him though.
He had nothing to work with.
It was a long year.
He's going to continue to get paid, so it's almost like put him out of his misery.
He doesn't have to be there.
Everyone dreams of coaching the NHL.
I'm sure it's really hard to find out you're getting fired.
I don't know if his staff got fired, if the assistants got fired,
Ryan Wasowski, a couple others.
I think they stayed on as of right now.
Yeah, they have.
So we'll see what happens with the new guy they hire. Maybe they end up hiring Ryan Wasowski, who couple others. I think they stayed on as of right now. Yeah, they have. So we'll see what happens with the new guy they hire.
Maybe they end up hiring Ryan Wasowski, who I've known for a long time.
His brother Dave played in the NHL a bit.
But, yeah, a very bad team, a team that at some point they looked at,
like, we need to just lose and lose and lose
and give ourselves the best odds at Celebrini,
and Quinny ends up being the sacrificial lamb.
Talking about fucking draft picks,
like the Devils actually tried to sign, what's his name,
Kovalev, yeah, Kovalchuk to a market deal,
and they lost a fucking first-round draft pick.
Then what the Blackhawks did, they lost nothing.
They got baddad, and now they might get Celebrini.
Look, I'm not a Blackhawks hater whip,
but that's fucking insane when you say that out loud, right? The fact that Kovalch got, but dad, and now they might get celebrating. Look, I'm not a black Hawks. He had a whip, but that's fucking insane.
When you say that out loud,
right?
That the fact that Kovalchuk,
I mean,
they didn't,
they weren't trying to like,
like rewrite the rules.
Kovalchuk was a fucking superstar.
They try to give him a good deal.
They lost draft pick.
It's like,
Oh,
black Hawks whistle by the graveyard.
Nothing fucking crazy,
man.
It is.
Hopefully,
don't be.
Yeah.
All right.
We had to go there.
Uh, Amazon prime video biz. Not sure if you heard this one right. We had to go there. Amazon Prime Video Biz.
Not sure if you heard this one.
They are going to be the exclusive home for NHL regular season games on Mondays for the next two seasons up in Canada.
Did you catch this?
No.
Oh, it's just in Canada.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, it's a big deal.
I mean, you know, basically because, you know, what's it?
Rogers had the deal for the last 12 years. Five point two a big deal. I mean, you know, basically, because, you know, what's it? Rodgers has had the deal for the last 12 years, 5.2 million deal.
I don't know if they're, like, subsidizing or giving off the fucking prime here or what.
I think either way, the more people who watch the games biz, what is better?
I mean, I've been bitching about this for so long now.
The blackouts, the, like, fucking people not being able to watch the product.
I don't get it.
I don't get why, why they ban it,
why they don't let the fucking clips go out.
But hopefully this is a little,
a little start to the better.
No,
I like it.
It's kind of the,
the American approach,
snapping it around to ESPN and TNT.
It just helps for the growth of the game.
And,
and may,
I don't know,
maybe it'll be a different look panel.
I haven't gotten any type of information on it.
I personally love going back up to Canada a little bit and working.
So I like snapping around between a hockey night in Canada and,
uh,
and working with sports net.
So I,
from my understanding,
it's like,
it's in a little bit of a collaboration with sports net,
but Amazon will be,
um,
in charge of kind of running all the operations.
Yeah.
Like it won't be ran like
sports net so so not the same staff and people on the on the panel possibly yes it's gonna be
new people oh cool yeah yeah new people so i'm interested to see if they create like a different
look right everybody's got their look espn does it a certain way um tnt obviously does a hockey
night in canada they got ron McLean and all those legends there.
And, you know, he's a, he's a poet itself.
So it's great.
It's all different and it's all great for the growth of the game.
And guys, I will say if I'm taking one major sports, obviously football's in a different world.
Um, I don't know if you guys saw the numbers based on just their, their NFL drafts and the amount of money it brings to cities
and how many people.
Would you say 225,000 people?
Dude, the group of people in Detroit, going there and the people going to the second round
of the NFL draft, it went back like 600 rows, it looked like, in Detroit.
And they didn't even have that high of a pick.
Yeah.
But as far as major sports leagues,
I think that hockey is on a heater right now,
and these types of situations and expanding it as far as networks
and on-air talent and bringing more hockey action is awesome,
and I think shining more light on the game will just help with the growth of it,
and especially from the different network standpoint.
So I couldn't be more thrilled to be a part of this game
and where it's heading right now,
and especially with the amount of talent that's coming in the league
because as we've talked about many times,
the talent level, the skill level,
and it just keeps amplifying year over year over year
what these guys can do on the ice.
Absolutely.
More Kale McCars, please.
And in talking about A adn broadcasting it kind
of segues into a tough loss for the game the canadian game and even americans who are able
to experience bob cole ra i know you can go into that what an amazing announcer and person that
that guy was what a run he had yeah uh bob cole hockey day in canada just an absolute legend of
the game uhed away at 90
years old. I mean, Biz, I think we should probably
defer to you. You grew up listening to this guy.
I mean, he was basically the soundtrack
to your childhood and some of your adulthood,
no?
There's an amount of memories
that this guy created calling games
and
he would sing. It was like
he would sing the broadcast.
He would do it by himself.
He would bring in a little piece of paper
and that's all he needed for preparation.
He was a natural.
Buddy, he would have like a little sheet.
He didn't need all these pages everywhere.
He would just watch and he was just a natural.
And the amount of joy he brought to the game.
I mean, it's hard for me to speak on it
because I was still
pretty young when he was doing it i mean obviously up until the later years but like listening to
wayne and all these other guys who were actually playing at the time where he was at the peak of
his career and to do it for 50 years he was the soundtrack to hockey for five fucking decades guys
and just handled himself with absolute class and it's just such a a loss to
the hockey world and and the word goat gets thrown around a lot but he will go down as the goat as
far as broadcasters the way that he was able to deliver hockey and uh i mean the the the amount of
of uh phil bork from the pittsburgh penguins when mar Mario Lemieux had that amazing goal when he walked the Minnesota North Stars, he posted about that.
And just getting to go on social media and listen to everybody talk about their interactions with them
or what moments stuck out and popped out in their mind to them.
So obviously, rest in peace, and there'll never be one like Bob Cole.
obviously rest in peace and, uh, there'll never be one like Bob Cole.
I remember, um, when I moved to Ann Arbor to,
for the national program, uh, uh, my billets, Dave and Dottie line,
Bob, great people. He used to work the penalty box door for Michigan games.
Um, well they got CBC in Detroit, in the Detroit area and Ann Arbor.
And I got to, you know, watch the hockey night in Canada games and just hearing this guy you're like this is just different than back home I was what 17
turning 18 and like oh my god like the way he announced the game the way he kept it so simple
he just he was so good at like bringing the story to you like you're watching but you're not you're
not like oh this guy's talking too much but But when he said things, how he announced goals, it was incredible. And even for all American kids, I think they'll
agree. Like when you get to play at hockey night in Canada game, and if you ever got interviewed
and you got the towel and you knew Bob Cole was doing the game, it just meant something.
It meant something a little bit more awesome to see Crosby. Um, I don't know when he recorded,
he went to the penguins practice or rig facility and spoke on
him and what he meant to the game and and how much he mattered and I believe before already you know
better before Bob Cole it was Foster Hewitt he was he was the legendary broadcaster so Canadians
went from Foster Hewitt to Bob Cole these two legend broadcasters who were just masterful at
play-by-play and making hockey which is is a religion in Canada, just that much better and greater to watch because of these voices.
And so rest in peace.
What an amazing job he did.
And what an awesome time it was for me first getting to experience him
calling a game and,
and realizing how much bigger the game felt when Bob Cole was doing the
game and doing the cup finals and just hearing his goal announced.
Oh baby.
It was just,
it was awesome. So here, and he passed away goal announced. Oh baby. It was just, it was awesome.
So here,
and he passed away 90 years old,
dude,
I think everyone would,
would take 90 if you were given the option right now.
So rest in peace.
Wow.
Well said wet man.
Yeah.
I just wish we could have got more hockey than Canada here.
That's why the,
I know that was awesome,
man.
Cause we do get it.
And I make sure I always watch the Canadian feed.
Just as same here.
The commentary is better than the play by plays better. Everything's better. And I make sure I always watch the Canadian feed. Same here. The commentary is better.
The play-by-play is better.
Everything is better.
So also, we want to give a quick shout-out.
Actually, before that, we have an ad from our friends over at Kraken.
Let's go to that first.
All right, guys.
Before we go any farther, we got to talk about our great friends at Kraken,
one of the OG crypto platforms.
These guys have been around way, way, way longer than the hockey team for over a decade,
in fact.
And Kraken's world-class security is like having an all-star goalie protecting your
assets 24-7.
It gives you peace of mind when it comes to trading, which is extremely important.
With over 190 cryptocurrencies available, there's something for everybody here.
Or maybe you're looking for new ways to approach your strategy in crypto.
The Kraken Learn Center is an awesome educational resource for all experience levels.
So join the 10 million clients already using Kraken's intuitive platform to buy crypto.
Go to kraken.com slash chicklets.
That's kraken.com slash chicklets. That's Kraken.com slash chicklets
and see what crypto can be.
Not investment advice. Crypto
trading involves risk of loss.
Alright, boys. We have one
last note here. You guys are familiar with the movie
Goon, right? I've talked about it here.
My buddy Jay Baruchel had a lot to do with it.
Well, a lot of people have known that it was based
on a book. It was a book called, well, I don't know if it was called Goon.
It was not a huge seller.
It was about Doug Smith, who was a guy from, I already had neck of the woods biz.
I'm sorry.
And fucking Jay and his buddy Evan bought the rights to this book.
They made Goon.
Well, Doug Smith, he's a handsome police officer.
He donated one of his kidneys to a good friend of his, John Fertazio, the other day.
So I want to acknowledge him.
He's a big part of the hockey community.
Dude, the movie Goon is based on this guy.
The guy, I don't think he played hockey until high school.
He ended up playing in the AHL.
He was a fighter because he was that good of a fighter
that he was able to get to that level.
So, you know, he's a big part of the hockey movie community.
So, Doug, what you did is an awesome thing. I mean, it's a big part of like a hockey movie community. So, Doug, what you did is an awesome thing.
I mean, it's a huge thing to donate a kidney to anybody.
So, it's a very noble gesture he did.
So, I just want to give him a little shout out for that win.
Awesome.
I'll vote also.
I don't think we ever mentioned the story of Aaron Portsline, the reporter for the Blue Jackets.
He got a new kidney, and it was a woman who works for the Blue Jackets who gave him one of hers. Lindsay
Noel. What a story that is.
And I guess it shows how much he's meant to
being around the Blue Jackets that long
that someone that worked for the team was inspired
to help him out. That was also a
cool story in donating a kidney to someone.
I'm so glad you brought that up because we talked about
that when he was getting sick and
he mentioned he was looking for a donor and I
wasn't aware of that. So I'm glad you brought that up,
man. That's awesome. That's a great little
addendum to the story.
Also, there's one more. The Coyotes,
I don't know if they're going to be called in Utah,
but they showed up in Utah. They got a look at the building.
That was insane.
Yeah, what a
place. What a job by
Ryan Smith to get everybody there
in a warm welcome in a very difficult situation.
Everything I'm hearing is this guy's complete first class and already having that type of support in a new NHL city.
It's remarkable the amount of people that have committed to season tickets and each of those players,
after dealing with all they've dealt with over the past couple of years, not knowing what their future lies,
they know that they're going to have a home
and an ownership group that they can count on.
So incredible job in a difficult situation
from Gary Bettman and everybody at the league
finding this alternative and making it all work
in such a short amount of time.
Because I think this was all whipped together
in the last like four months,
finally realizing that Marilla wasn't going to get anything done in Arizona
based on the fact that nobody trusts him in his business dealing.
So great job,
Ryan Smith and very happy.
Sorry.
What do you mean?
Except for the NHL.
What do you mean?
Well,
they're like,
Oh,
five years,
you can come back.
If you got an arena,
we'll wait and fire.
So I mean, I got you. No, no. five years, you can come back. If you've got an arena, we'll wait for you. So I didn't mean to cut you.
No, no.
I think that's from a legal standpoint.
They're saying all that.
I don't think it's happening.
I don't think it's happening.
Did you guys see the videos?
It was pretty cool.
So they had the players up on stage, and they had them all introduce themselves.
Just like, hey, I'm Clayton Keller.
I play forward.
I'm from this place.
Did you guys see Liam O'Brien?
Yeah, that was unreal.
Like a WWE.
My name's Liam O'Brien.
You guys can call me Spicy Tuna.
We have a man bun.
Did you just play
Spurs in it?
Just the difference in playing and the mullet compared to...
It looked like there was 15,000 people there meeting these guys and then going nuts.
They must have felt like, holy shit, this is the best thing that's ever happened to us.
Who's this crazy ginger?
Genius move by him because he's an unrestricted free agent.
So he comes out like that.
Oh, we got to have him.
Yeah.
I'm going to have his own role at every sushi place in town.
Seven year deal coming for the spicy tuna.
Can't get rid of him now.
He just took over the whole city.
All right,
guys.
Well,
great show.
We'll be back to you Wednesday at noon.
Merz got something on.
He's got some pics.
Sorry,
Merz.
Pics,
pics,
pics.
I see the chat here.
I've been following the chat all day.
Right away.
It's coming up 15 minutes.
The last game in Sweden, Sjleftia tonight.
They're going to take the series 4-1, take them to Moneyline,
take them under 4.5.
They're going to win 2 or 3-0.
Then on to tonight, I got Tampa Bay plus 160, Moneyline.
Keep that series going.
And my guy, Hedman, over 2 a half shots again, wit plus one 30.
I love that.
Then the late defenseman.
Yeah.
He,
he,
he's gone over at three out of the four games in the series.
He's got six points.
They think,
yeah,
he,
he rips them from up top,
especially if they can get some Vegas tonight,
Mary,
that's your squad.
I guess I'm on a money line.
I'm getting Vegas money line at home.
Minus one Oh five.
I'll take that every day,
but this is my biggest play of the night.
Marcia Show, over half a point, minus 130.
I think he got shut out last game.
He doesn't get shut out too often at home.
He'll be buzzing around.
Those are my five plays, and I need them because I'm just about to go close.
That's why I've been working my phone a little bit today,
and I was probably muted because of that.
I got a plot of land here
that I'm going to go biz style on
and build a house on.
Wow.
You're closing today on the land?
Yeah, we're trying to get the papers
officially signed. That's why a guy called me. He's like,
hey, I got to put it back on the market. I'm like,
no, no, no. What are you talking about, dude?
No, because it's in this
one neighborhood we've wanted to be in for years. We've been
trying to buy a house and it never comes up.
So now a plot of land came up in it.
So we're trying to get that done.
You're a custom build.
I'll have the stories like
Biz had for the last three years about his house.
No more socialism, huh?
Oh, yeah. Fucking nightmare.
Knock on wood, Murr.
She's like, let's plan this. I'm like, I'm the biggest bush ever. Hey, knock on wood, Murr. Knock on wood. Knock on wood. She's like, oh, let's plan this.
Let's plan this.
I'm like, I'm the biggest bush ever.
I'm like, nothing's getting planned until this is done.
I got some advice for you.
Yeah.
Double the amount and double the time.
Oh, yeah.
For sure.
Both.
I'm building probably the size of your guest house.
Which one of us guest houses?
I'm not a dickhead like that.
Fuck you guys. I'm not a dickhead like that.
And fuck you guys.
I'm the most conservative guy.
My house is 4,400 square feet.
I'm not a dickhead. These guys who have 10,000 square foot houses or 80,000 square foot houses are assholes.
Ours will be even ours will probably be 2,000, 2,500 at most.
We're from Europe, man.
We live in apartments.
We want it.
I'd rather have the apartments. I want big outdoor
space instead of indoor space.
That's what I'm going to have. I'm going to get the pickleball court.
Can't wait to have you guys play.
The guy's building a pickleball court.
He's never played.
I played a couple times. I love it.
I love it. It's good for the quick feet.
It's not like tennis.
You don't need that really nice stroke.
It's basically like ping pong, but you're standing on the table.
I'd pump you in pickleball.
Paul, you're doing that on every sport.
Worry about your Bruins not blowing this 3-1 lead, you fucker.
All right, guys.
Wednesday noon, we'll be back to you.
Thanks for tuning in.
Chicklets loves you guys.
Thanks.
Have a great couple days.
We'll see you soon.
We'll see you guys. Thanks. Have a great couple days. We'll see you soon. Yeah. You can get liquor cheap, but how much is your love?
They say you're drunk and speech is just so good.
I like to poke a bear.
I like to stir the pot.
We'll be right back. A cheap shot, I bet she needs a detox To cleanse her mind Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something
that crossed her line
and I know she felt it
so I said she could have a free one
on the chain she went below
the bell shift
she had me with a cheap shot
a cheap shot
she had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
I think we need a deep talk.
We've been so wrong.
