Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. That's the power of the game. Please never do that. Yep. Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 496 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, gang?
Playoffs are in full swing.
We've already had four handshake lines, so let's jump right into it.
Matt Murley, the Murr Man.
What's going on, buddy?
How you hitting?
Oh, Murr.
One of those handshakes right there.
My Colorado Avalanche.
See this new hat Pilar just sent to me, you know? OG 29 in the building, baby.
Oh, there's the logo.
I got the jersey back in the vault.
It's resting for the next round.
That's why you don't see it.
All right.
There you go, Merle.
Thanks for the explanation.
Only comes out on game nights, correct?
Hey, how'd the land situation turn out?
You were battling for a lot in what, a cookie cutter neighborhood?
The suburbs?
The burbs, yeah.
Trying to get into the burbs.
I'm telling you, we've been trying to get in this neighborhood for years i didn't want to talk too much about it i didn't
want to jinx anything and we that's where i lost the bid when we were at ice con i lost a bid on
the house i lost every bet too that week but i lost a bid on the house but uh now then a lot of
land came up and we got in on it and uh the wife couldn't be happier so that makes me so you guys
secured it you You're good.
It pretty much secured.
Deal.
Like it's signed.
I've still got to do the insurance and all that.
Then what is it?
Title insurance?
You know all about that. It's never over until it's over, bro.
With you, you especially.
So let's just.
Yeah.
It looks good as of right now.
Hey, happy wife, happy life, buddy.
Shout out Biz, by the way, talking about how like his little 5 000 square foot house 4400
you just rounded up to five i said 4400 that's not that fucking crazy oh buddy you're talking
to people like like you think people most people out there have about 4400 square foot i don't know
we're talking about like it was a little condo or If you're living downtown Toronto, it's a lot.
But if you're living in fucking Strathroy, Ontario, it ain't.
I think if you're living anywhere in the North American hemisphere, it's a lot, Biz.
I'm looking at 2,000 square feet.
And if there's any builders out there listening, I'll give you a free ad on Game Notes.
Here's what you dummies don't understand.
I'm living in Arizona.
There's no basements.
So if you have 2,200 square feet, you you probably got 2200 in the basement right murr
i don't even believe are included when you're looking at homes around here in the square
footage of the house correct they don't include the basement square footage we don't have basements
there so we have a bungalow in arizona because most of the time they don't dig out the basement
it's a beautiful house it came according to the u.s census in 2022 the average square foot
what's up with the rope people comment that on your little v-neck rope get up last episode is
ra cutting g off can you not hear g what the fuck's up with your wi-fi ra i i can't hear g
i i could hear g he was giving us the consensus consensus the square foot oh what is it what is G, what the fuck's up with your Wi-Fi, R.A.? I can't hear G. I can hear G.
He was giving us the consensus.
Consensus to square footage.
Oh, what is it?
What is it? So it's the average single-family home in 2022 was measured at 2,200 square feet.
Double the size, bitch.
Does it include basement?
Does it include basement?
How many people?
Do you think everyone has basements?
I think majority of people in North America have basements.
You think the majority of people in North America have finished basements,
that they're down there spending time and enjoying watching TV
or putting around in my house?
Yeah, I think that most people have ping pong machines
and putting greens in their basement.
Yeah, I do.
And it turns into a water park once in a while their basement. Yeah, I do. And, and, and,
and it turns into a water park once in a while as well.
Not anymore,
baby.
Oh,
okay.
All right.
All right.
Jeff Deedy,
the best man of all time has helped my family out immensely.
Well,
speaking of square footage,
I mean,
we're soon going to get to the amount of space that Leafs fans and Leafs
players have rent free in Boston Bruins fans' brains right now.
We're going to six at home, baby.
You don't think I'm part of the chain gang again, baby?
You don't think Ricky Marner's buzzing?
We got the Marner magic again?
Fucking Hugh Hefner over there.
Holy shit.
Let's call the wit dog on that note.
Ryan Whitney, wit-shaking brother.
How'd you enjoy the game last night?
Not too much, I would imagine.
I don't care if the Bruins lose.
I picked the Leafs.
I want the Leafs.
I picked them.
I need my picks to be better.
I need my picks to be on point.
Last year, 8 for 8.
That is not happening this year.
But before we continue, before we go further, I need to talk about Pink Whitney.
Take your shot with Pink Whitney.
This show is presented by New Amsterdam's own
Pink Whitney, the number one
flavored vodka in North America.
It's the right time of year to start drinking
Pink Whitney again. I played golf the other
day. We did nips. We did the
nips. We did the mixies after
everyone had one. And then when I got home,
I had one for the nightcap. So the Oilers
play tonight. I'll probably pour myself
some Pink Whitney. I am in the midst of a possible birth coming any night. I know I keep nightcap. So the Oilers play tonight. I'll probably pour myself some Pink Whitney. I am in the
midst of a possible birth coming
any night. I know I keep mentioning that. So the Pink
Whitney has to be kept to a minimum for me,
but not for anyone else out there. So take your
shot. Go to a local bar. Go to a local
liquor store. Grab the big old
1.75 liter bottle. That'll last
you a little longer. But Pink Whitney,
take your shot with Pink Whitney and thank
you to New Hampshire Jam and all you guys.
So, that's a live ad read. Crushed it.
What a read by Witty boy.
That's off the top of my head too, which
sometimes can be very ugly and
I don't necessarily think
until we started doing these that live
was my bag, but it's my bag.
It's your bag. So, Biz,
you guys are alive.
You guys are alive. And R.A., I know
you go like this, like, huh?
Huh? You want the Leafs?
I'm not a Bruins fan. How many times
do I have to say this? I could care less.
Well, the very first episode we did,
like, before the Gene Chiklis, before
Biz, you actually said you were a Bruins fan.
You copped to being a Bruins fan the very
first episode we had. No, no, no. I would
love to hear the actual audio. What I said
is when the Bruins are in
the Stanley Cup Finals, yeah,
I'm going to root for the Bruins unless they're playing the Oilers.
Right now, the Bruins playing the Leafs
when I picked the Leafs, that was also before we'd
ever made picks in this show, correct?
So if we're doing playoff picks, I would say that
that probably differentiates. I
don't care. I do not care.
People think that I'm out there rooting for the Bruins like you and Grinelli with your underwear on and your special posters in your room and your Cam Neely little like bobblehead dolls.
I don't care.
I want to see a good series.
And now we got a series on our hands.
And there are Bruins fans out there saying like, I'm not worried.
Although now I sent a tweet out where I said anyone who's saying that's lying.
And most Bruins fans like, no, we are.
But the ones who aren't, they are lying because the Bruins have this disgusting sort of vibe around them in these games where they can close opponents out.
I don't know what's going on. I'm worried. I can easily say that I'm very worried.
It's going seven. Well, let's just say that.
say that I'm very worried. It's going seven.
Let's just say that.
Can we discuss the lineup changes that were made this past game? Because
mind-blowing to me to be up
3-1 in a series. Murrell's
your best buddy. Yeah, Murrell's has to
defend Monty here. Wow.
I don't understand why they would make these
lineup changes. Shattenkirk's looked good on the
power play. Beecher's been great in the face-off
dot. It doesn't make sense to me.
Are they overthinking it, Murr?
Are they overthinking it?
You guys, last year, though, when I said
keep Bergeron out, keep the winning lineup,
you guys wanted to tear my head off.
No, no, no, no.
Just compare Beecher to Bergeron.
Keep the winning lineup or not.
What do you ruin fans want?
Do you want the goalie rotation or do you not want the goalie rotation?
Listen,
you're out of your fucking mind.
There's a difference between Patrice Bergeron and the other two guys.
Now, keep in mind, the fourth line has been going great.
To me, the bottom two lines for the Boston Bruins have made a difference
and an impact in the series.
Now, going back to the game before, yeah, Beecher was on the ice
when they scored a goal, but overall, I thought the line had been tremendous and they continue to overthink it and one thing i felt that shatton kirk had
provided was help to the power play and all of a sudden they're fucking shooting blanks in game
five you can't change that line one power play i mean i hey doesn't matter you gotta look terrible
it looks horrible not the oilers how about creating a little bit of momentum that they didn't have?
Brutal stat.
Brutal stat.
They came out awful.
You'd think that they would have learned from last year.
And you want to know the craziest thing?
As that game proceeded, Brad Marchand had a chance to close that thing out.
That empty net he had where it just hit off the stick.
It crawled over the crossbar.
I would have put that in. I could have put that in the net. It looked like it it just hit off the stick. It crawled over the crossbar. I would have put that in.
I could have put that in the net.
It looked like it sort of bounced at the end.
But, dude, I can't believe anything, Biz.
You haven't mentioned.
And it's not even on you.
We've just gotten to be talking.
But Joseph Wall.
Buddy, this is Bobrovsky coming in last year.
It's the exact same thing.
Changing up the goaltending.
And I got to give the Maple Leafs a lot of credit because, dude, they came out.
They played a great playoff style game.
And that game was horrendous in the first period.
The Bruins were awful.
It was like an exhibition game.
Both teams were turning it over.
But at least the Leafs, like digging deep without their best player, one of the best
players on the planet. They just showed
a lot of heart. They showed a lot of balls.
And for all the chirping that I've done
and a lot of people have done, Mitch Marner
played a good game. He played a hell of a game.
He played a really good game.
He was a different player than the first four
games of that series. You gotta, when you're gonna
carve someone, you gotta also shout out that
he made a difference to night. That whole line
was awesome. Max Domi, I thought, was
great. Besides that pass he
made. Max Domi gets
put to center ice. Do you know what his face-off
percentage was last night?
85 fucking percent.
Snapping back draws
on every center of the Boston
Bruins. 85 percent. That's better than
Trocek was.
That's better.
I don't think a centerman has had a better face-off game.
And then what comes up huge in the first period,
he snaps back that draw.
Marner comes in and help out.
And McCabe with a bomb from the point to get things going.
I think in game six, they need to keep that line together,
whether Matthews is in or not.
If Matthews is in, keep that line together.
Put Nylander with Matthews.
An incredible game.
That was a legacy game by Max Dolmy.
And I think that if he fucking.
Legacy game?
Buddy, he fucking got put at center ice.
You know what legacy means?
For him?
For him?
Going back to Toronto?
What are you talking about?
A legacy game, G?
With the lack of success they've had in Toronto in the playoffs? If they win the series, okay.
If they win the series, okay.
If you lose a series, you can't call it a legacy game.
That's fair.
But I think they're going to go on to win the series.
Okay, they win the series, I'm giving you legacy game.
I'm giving you legacy game.
Going back to Joseph Wall.
I know he's only played in six appearances in playoffs.
1.94
goals against average with a
930 save percentage.
This guy's legit. Remember I talked about
him when I talked to that Joe
Bowen? I reached out and I said, hey, what's
the deal with this guy? He goes, biz, he's got
the makeup to be a future Vezina winner.
His mechanics are incredible.
He's big. He's got the athleticism
and he's got the fucking mental edge.
This guy is an absolute gamer.
I know there's a lot of Leafs fans complaining right now
that they didn't throw him in in Game 4.
Listen, I thought that Sammy deserved to have the net
up until that point in the series.
I hated that Trent Frederick goal.
That was the one where I was like,
okay, I think that we could maybe try a wall and net,
but all things have played out the way they've played.
He ends up getting the game five start, and he was fucking incredible when he had to be.
He outplayed Swayman.
He made that one extra save that Swayman couldn't.
Look at this guy.
He's a fucking ninja.
There's Trent Frederick, too.
He can't fucking score on a wall.
He's living rent-free.
The one on Coyle in ot was was unreal too just kicking
the leg out um coil mcavoy um we're both awesome i thought all game but they're kind of standing
there as that puck gets thrown to the crease by tavaris and as merles texted the group like
gotta throw a shoulder check merles i actually watched the replay as Merle's texted the group, like, got to throw a shoulder check. Merle's, I actually watched the replay.
As Tavares gets to the bottom of the circle,
Coyle does do a shoulder check.
And then I don't know if he didn't see Nizer,
but then all of a sudden, boom, they both are puck watching.
And I really felt bad for Gryzlik.
Bruins fans are all over Gryzlik.
They don't really want him playing in the playoffs.
He had a good game, dude.
Grinnell, you said he was bad.
I saw your  he had a really good game.
That's why I felt bad.
He had three turnovers in his first three shifts.
Dude, he had a good game.
Go watch the game, buddy.
Go watch the game.
Until that final play that Tavares beat him wide, which was surprising,
shout out Tavares getting that foot speed going, he had a good game,
and he ends up kind of looking like, you know, I guess not great on that OT winner.
But all three of those guys are just standing around.
Nyes comes back door and puts it in.
It was shocking the first period, though.
R.A., your video said it.
I just don't know how you're that unprepared to play
after learning from last year in the first period of that game.
What'd they have?
Their two shots, I think, was the lowest total of all year in a first period of that game. What'd they have? They're two shots.
I think was the lowest total of all year in a period.
Two shots.
I just,
I couldn't believe it.
Just like they were dead.
I mean,
you know,
full credits at Toronto.
They played great.
And Joseph ball was unbelievable.
We talked about him possibly coming in last week,
but it just didn't have the desperation.
And,
and Marty looked like crestfallen after in the process saying,
you know,
we weren't very good.
He just didn't have any,
like,
Oh,
we weren't good enough.
Just weren't good enough. Ready to play. It's like, well, why weren't, why weren't they? we weren't very good. He just didn't have any, like, we weren't good enough. Just weren't good enough.
Come out ready to play.
It's like, well, why weren't they?
Why weren't they rampant?
There you go, Monty.
That's, weren't good enough.
I don't have, you know, something to give you that's concrete.
Either at all.
Besides Toronto was better than us.
Yeah, I mean, I would have liked a little bit more
Also can I bring up
Bruins fans
R.A.G. in 2013
They were up 3-1
Yeah I fucked that up
I got confused with the Philly one
Bruins fans are all fucked up
They're all fucked up
Now Biz in fairness
Any other team right now I'm almost sure the Bruins might blow this fucked up wit. They're all fucked up. Now, Biz, in fairness, any other
team right now, I'm almost sure the
Bruins might blow this. You guys
will probably win
game six and somehow blow
it. It might be an exact
replica of what's happened prior
in other years. Because let's
not think that you're the Panthers
of last year or all these incredible
teams. You're still the Leafs last year or all these incredible teams.
You're still the Leafs.
I know.
I know. Okay.
Okay.
I know.
What are you hearing about Matthews, Biz?
Because they're saying this might not be an illness.
It might be like an actual injury.
I think Elliot said that.
So the soap opera continues.
The core four have been yet to play a full 60 minutes together in this series,
which is mind-boggling.
And the fact that we're going to six
and we've had a goaltending change.
Pretty crazy.
So my understanding was it was like a stomach bug or a virus,
something that was like 48 hours lasting,
and then they pulled him out of game four
because he just had no energy through the second period, right?
So then he obviously isn't playing game five and then
elliot friedman has that follow-up tweet saying that it might be more than just illness so what
do we have here a mystery injury just like we had with william nylander like i feel i don't want to
say the the the leafs have mismanaged us through the media and how they've communicated to the fans
as to what the fuck is going on but this continues to just be a mystery bag with what's going on with
the lineup, given their stars, the entire series, they've had drama with basically every guy.
Tavares didn't show up game one. He's been incredible since Matthew's obviously now missing
game five with the illness in game four, leaving Marner was in fucking no man's land the first two, three games.
And Nylander was Nylander.
So I don't know what the fuck is going on,
but in game six, the core four,
that has to be their best game
at the Toronto Maple Leafs if Matthews plays.
It has to be the best performance
we've ever seen in Leafs land
getting a lot of yacht club activated
if in fact all four of these guys
play no more excuses no more nothing because all the other guys who ain't making the big bucks
have brought it nice has been incredible he's been helping drive that other line okay Domi has
been incredible and every other role player has elevated their game in this instance so if game
six comes around here and
the core four isn't activated there's going to be major major changes coming murr why are you laughing
the core four i love it the core four everyone's calling them the sore four yeah the chat's
hilarious also i'm reading the chat it's hilarious what are they saying they're calling all sorts of
stuff but what like elliot was If it, if he was sick,
then you don't let him skate around the team.
Same with,
with,
um,
Nylander where I don't,
I don't want to speculate,
but I know when I played ice hockey and guys would go out and skate really
hard for a certain amount of time.
And then they didn't play that day.
A certain symptom came an hour or two after they raised their heart rate.
If you're picking up what I'm putting down.
So I don't know if there was any big hits we missed,
but it's definitely not some sort of flu or something.
Cause he wouldn't be in the locker room.
I thought Matt.
Yeah,
exactly.
It's not sickness anymore.
And I think he skated.
What was it?
10 minutes before they went on the ice for pregame skate.
I don't know how hard he went,
but yeah,
I wonder what that injury is now.
All right.
I'll ask you.
People are hard on Marner.
People have been hard on Stars.
Don't get it done in the playoffs.
What's up with Posta right now?
Man, yeah, he's not getting it done.
I don't know.
I don't think he's hurt.
I don't know if he's just getting shut down.
He's got a battle through it, but yeah, it's been a disappointment right now.
Mashaun's been obviously stellar.
He wasn't great last night, but yeah, I don't think he's hurt.
I haven't heard he's hurt. I think he's just getting shot down. I would argue,
R.A., I think he looks hurt to me.
He's mishandling the puck a little bit
where maybe then you wonder if it's
something with hands, wrists. We're
totally speculating, but he doesn't look
like himself. He's getting knocked off the puck
pretty easy, too. It seems like something's
just every time someone initiates
contact with him
his body kind of just gives up a bit he's got marner upstairs in his head biz what's your
confidence level going into the next game what do you think he's gonna say no no listen it's gonna
be boston's best performance they're gonna come out guns a blazing in the first period they're
on the road no pressure it has to be the best start that start the Maple Leafs have had all series long, all season long. The other element,
they got to get the power play going. They have to relieve pressure from themselves five on five.
The power play has been rubbish this series. And that's why I say the core four is so important.
They need to fucking figure it out
they need to stop it around and if they don't score on it they need to create a shit ton of
momentum and hem the bruins in and make swayman and or all mark whoever they fumble the bag on
whatever they decide to put net they got to make them work invest early play with the puck down low
and i'm telling you though i actually think the Leafs are going to put together an unbelievable 60 minutes.
I think they're, for the first time in a long time, going to score at least four fucking goals in a playoff game.
They've only scored three goals one time in their last 12 playoff games.
For the offense that the Leafs put out on a constant basis during the regular season, that's laying an egg come playoff games. For the offense that the Leafs put out on a constant basis
during the regular season, that's laying an egg come playoff time.
They got to find the back of the net.
My prediction is they're going to get two power play goals,
and they're going to win this game 5-2.
You're going with the 5 again?
I'm going with the 5 again.
I'm doubling down.
I don't give a fuck.
Which of the bros is going to do different next game? Obviously
get some shots on that. Nothing. They're going to be
choking on the same piece of steak they were
in game five.
They're going to start
better. They have to start way
better. They have to get in there and
at least get some opportunities in the
first period because
it's one thing on the road to be able to
build your game after having a good
first as the Leafs did if they're at home and they dominate in the first again then you're really in
one although I guess they really don't have a home ice advantage I think we can all say it like
they don't the crowd's not loud they don't seem to play very well that's one of the starts important
they got to get the yacht I think even if it, I don't even think most of the people at the beginning of the period will be
in their seats behind the benches on that lower bowl.
I think to start the second period or the third,
the other night,
like it was,
there was empty seats everywhere.
The Bruins,
the Bruins,
they're not like a super skilled team.
I think we can all agree with that.
They have a bunch of very,
very good players.
They have pasta and Marshawn can be really elite. Mc They have a bunch of very, very good players. They have Pasta and Marchand
can be really elite. McAvoy in the back
end. But they're workers. They're grinders.
They're guys like Frederick, Coyle
that need to play in the offensive zone.
They need to cycle the puck. And they
actually had, they turned on their game
last night. I mean, the beginning of overtime,
they had three, four chances real quick.
So you know that the game's there. They've had
a lot of success in Toronto already in this series and all season.
So the confidence should be there for them.
You'd like to think with that leadership core group
that they're going to be able to be pissed off enough at each other
and them as a group to be like, that was bullshit at home.
We're ending this tonight.
We're not dealing with going back home for a game seven where anything can happen.
So I can't wait to watch Thursday.
It should be a great one.
I'm hoping Bobby McMatthews is back too.
He must have a legit injury, dude.
I know.
I'm hoping he's back for game six, though.
I heard rumblings that he might be coming back,
and I thought he was one of their more impactful forwards
in the back half of the season.
So if they can get him back in with matthews look out boys
i think they're gonna steamroll the bruins and then we're going back to the gad infa game seven
rear admiral hey let's do it hey another little thing here too carlo koliakovo tweeted out you
know that guy like the the oz guy who predicts all the mentalist stuff the mentalist yeah he
predicted that the leafs were going to
win this series in seven games in comeback fashion he predicted the first 13 picks in the nfl draft
this year with trades too which is crazy with trades he predicted he predicted that before
the series or he just said it last night oh he i guess you know he went on he went on radio i think
he went on with carlo coliac, or it was with somebody else,
and then they eventually got him on.
You could maybe pull up the tweet that Carlo Koliakovo sent out yesterday.
You don't want Oz, the mentalist Oz, going against you.
That's not good.
That's kind of like, remember the monkey a few years ago
who used to do the playoff picks?
He was red hot.
Not as hot as the Oz, the mentalist.
Speaking of being red hot, did you guys hear Jack Edwards last night calling Steve Casari a coward?
It's unbelievable.
And I kind of got off my soapbox of hating Jack Edwards.
But yeah, this guy Casarizario, is in the hospital,
knocked out cold on a stretcher.
And Jack Edwards up in his ivory tower,
what could have been his last games,
calling a ref a coward.
It's like, this guy, just when you think,
all right, Jack, great career, good job,
you're right back to this fucking idiot.
So, you know what?
If you're going to sit there and announce a game and never be involved physically in anything
in your life, I find it kind of crazy
you're calling a referee a coward
for getting off the ice. And I don't think
that that was like a poorly refereed
game. Oh, that's the Bruins
whining. Bruins fans complain about
when the Marshawn got called on that
play. Maybe there, but other
than that, it wasn't like, oh my god, the Bruins
got fucked by the refs last night,
and we got Jack Edwards calling a guy who was
just knocked out in the hospital. And Bruins
fans were calling Leafs fans babies
because they wanted a penalty on
Marshawn when he tripped Bertuzzi
right before Trent Frederick scored that weak
one. So I don't want to hear about the
bitching and officiating,
and I think it's the perfect fit at the
fact that the Leafs are going to beat
the Boston Bruins in game seven at the God and Jack Edwards last game.
I cannot wait to hear the end of the game call from Jack Edwards.
That is going to be the hockey gods and hockey karma biting the bees right in
the hoop.
I can see this.
Oh yeah.
The mentalist thinks it is.
No, it isn't.
Gee, you didn't like the no call on that.
You had a little tweet action there, the mosh on there we were just talking about.
The referee's knocking them off the street.
That's how nervous they were.
Yeah, I mean, I think exactly what Witt said, though.
I think that was a terrible non-call.
I mean, he was holding them at the face-off dot,
but I don't think the refs, the Bs got screwed by any means.
Okay, all right. At all. With the refs that the Bs got screwed by any means. Okay, alright. At all.
With the refs that game. Yeah, they didn't
lose because of the referees. They fucking lost because they
couldn't score. Who's playing
game six, boys? Who's getting the pipe?
It's Swayman. It's Swayman. Swayman's goal.
It's Swayman's goal for
the rest of the playoffs. Unless he
has a big stinker, lets in like six,
seven goals, I'm riding my guy's sway
for the rest of the playoffs.
He was great last night, Biz.
Yeah, he was awesome.
So, Allmark was fine in game two.
He was fine, but he wasn't great.
Yeah, but Swayman has the body of work this entire series.
I don't even think it's a question.
Okay, so if he puts Allmark in net, he's overthinking this again,
and you're nervous going into game six?
If that would happen, I don't know about nervous, but, yeah, I would say he's overthinking it by putting Allmark in net, he's overthinking this again and you're nervous going into game six? If that would happen, I don't know about nervous, but yeah, I would
say he's overthinking it by putting Allmark in.
I mean, game one to overtime last night, it wasn't
for Swayman. Guy put his balls off.
Alright. What do you think, Murr?
You think he's going back to Sway?
Yeah, I think it's Swayman. It's gotta
be. You cannot flip back and
forth again. You cannot do it.
It is amazing, though, with the Stanley Cup playoffs.
I guess any sport, the game to end it, that fourth win,
and Bruins fans know more.
It is so hard to get that win.
You can get three relatively easy for the Bruins.
It was 3-1.
It hadn't even been that difficult.
And all of a sudden, you're trying to get that fourth.
Last year and now after last night, you're like, oh, my God,
we just cannot get the biggest one, the fourth one.
Do you guys think that maybe in their heads they're thinking last year,
game five, Marchand has that breakaway to end it.
And then in this game, I think it was in the third,
he has that tap in and he missed it.
You don't think they're thinking about that?
You don't think those old thoughts?
If you were playing still, would you be on the flight there
talking with the guys about it?
No, but I'd be a mental midget in my own mind about it.
Would you?
Bro, I'm the biggest mental midget of a player of all time.
I never got to play in those moments.
I think you're overplaying that a little. I think if you got
ready for game six, there's no
part of your mind thinking, oh my god, against
the Panthers 365 days ago,
the same thing happened. It's just like
these guys, they're not.
After the series ends, they could be like, oh
my god, that same exact thing happened again.
But I would think right now, they're just
focused on next game, next shift.
Alright. Yeah, a lot of similarities. I don't like either.
I'm rooting for Game 7 because it's going to be
Saturday night, so we go right from the Kentucky Derby right into the Bruins
Leafs Game 7. What a day.
That's a long one. A lot of money too, Murrah.
I predicted, by the way, that in Game 7, the Bruins would lose at home and the Leafs would speed bag them
and you'd be able to hear a pin drop in there.
I said that before the series started.
And I'm sticking with it.
I think we posted the clip.
What do you got for us, G?
We have that tweet, the Oz the Mentalist tweet right here from Carlo.
You want to read it out?
It was sent before the series started
three in a row
it says coming back
three in a row
yeah
I mean he didn't
he can't hear the audio
I mean I'll take his word for it
all you need to read coming back
three in a row suck on that bitch
alright I'll get Chris Angel to fucking
counter him.
Fucking magicians.
Can you just change the guy's name?
How do you know that's even his number?
How do you know that's Oz?
Oh, you're calling fiction, Murr? You're calling bullshit on Oz.
I can put anybody's name on there and write that.
It was actually Dr. Phil
who predicted it.
Fucking quack.
Winnipeg ended the postseason with high expectations, but they will exit It was actually Dr. Phil who predicted it. Oh, Jesus. Fucking quack. All right.
Winnipeg entered the postseason with high expectations,
but they will exit them with an all-too-familiar feeling
for fans in the Hockey Mad City.
The Avs doubled up the Jets in Game 5, 6-3,
and beat them in five games after losing Game 1.
Last year, Biz, the Jets beat Vegas 5-1,
and they lost the next four straight while being outscored 18-9.
You know who the goalie was last year?
They back up this year, Laurent Boursois.
Jets also the first team in NHL history to allow five-plus goals in each of their first five games to begin a postseason.
Whit, I guess your source is right after all.
Yeah, it looks like fraud.
The fraud squad.
What a prediction.
Yeah, I'll get to that in a minute.
I'd like to start with the winners almost because you're looking at, and Merle's can go into this, it's his team, probably the most well-oiled machine in the
playoffs currently. Rangers fans would have a little bit of a gripe, but the Capitals are not
the Jets. The Jets had done a lot more to prove themselves as what many people consider true
contenders. They had the goalie, they had the depth up front. They had everything working at the end of the season.
And then they ran into a machine, a machine that is locked and loaded and flying.
And every single aspect of the Avalanche roster right now is on the top of their game.
Whether it's Miles Wood, the guy Pasha said stinks, running around, creating havoc, going to the net,
whether it's Nathan McKinnon doing it.
Look at the first shift of the game.
Nathan McKinnon, he had to be skating 28 miles an hour through the neutral zone.
And then on the back check, he comes back and he like bury someone against the boards.
I was like, OK, well, they're ready to play.
And when your leader and your captain is playing the way that McKinnon's playing,
it's hard for the whole team not to just follow suit.
You're just watching this guy.
And there's also the side that McKinnon, I think, has been pretty made evident to us.
He'll call guys out.
So if you're not going, you're going to hear from him, and he's always going.
So there's no excuses.
Nachushkin's back.
We already talked about him.
Makar is the guy and their goaltending. Georgiev, who we were carving after game one,
has really settled down. He looked really good the next four games. A gentleman's sweep,
you like to call it. And the poor Winnipeg Jets, after a great regular season, just caught a tough matchup. I don't think that it was any other team.
I think they played Dallas better.
I think they played Vegas better.
I think they could have played any team better than Colorado.
Right now, Colorado is the top contender in the West.
I don't love admitting it, but I'm a little afraid of them.
My whole goal as an Oilers fan is that the next round,
they're in a battle with whoever wins Vegas-Dallas.
But Colorado, all props to them. They did
everything they needed to do. Now to the
Jets. Yes.
The guy texted me. I fucking
told you. That was the text.
And what am I supposed to say back?
Because I argued the point originally.
I remember I was down in Delray.
I was talking to him.
I then went on the show recording in that studio that they helped me out.
I don't remember the name.
I apologize.
And I said it after arguing with him.
And he got the final word.
He was correct.
They didn't have anything remotely close to what it looked like they had going into the playoffs.
And I don't really understand what happened to Hellebuck.
I mean, some of those goals throughout the entire series that you can't put them all on him, but at some point the goal, he's got to just
steal a game for it. He's got to make a save. He's not supposed to make. And every little thing was
going in. It just was, it was unfortunate for Jets fans. I don't really know where they go from here.
Now saying all that, I don't think anyone expected them to be as good as they were this year. Yeah, dude, it sucks.
You're going out in five again, second year in a row.
But they still had a good season.
I know that sounds, maybe Jets fans will tell me I'm an idiot.
Dude, they surpassed their expectations going into the year by a lot, in my opinion.
I know, but just like Carolina, you make two big moves at the deadline
to have expectations of at least putting up a fight.
And Murr, I'll throw it over to you.
I feel like that 7-0 win at the end of the season and also the 7-6 win in Game 1
set up some false expectations and maybe some false hope
that they could play this run-and-gun style with the Colorado Avalanche.
Bonus said it in his post-game press conference after the series was over.
He's like,
these guys brought it to another level that that wasn't the regular season,
Colorado avalanche.
They had another gear that,
that Winnipeg jets had never seen before.
And they got rocked in game two and they got shell shocked and they were
never able to recover.
They got fucking worked,
doubled up on the amount of rush chances against the entire series.
Which we talked about before the series, that that's how Colorado does it.
What was it, 14 games in a row they allowed two or fewer goals against
during the regular season?
Where was that Winnipeg Jets team?
Where was the high-cycling, high-flying offense where they would hem teams in?
It was nonexistent.
Then you try to play the rush games
against one of the best rush teams in the league,
especially in Colorado's barn.
Just a, I don't even want to say dumb game plan
because they just completely lost their game after game two
when they got rocked in that second period.
Yeah, they only got five goals from their forwards
in the last four games. Bizarre.
Kyle Conner, Tafolia, two, Gustafson, and
Shifley. I mean, they got nothing. Four games, five
goals from your forwards. That's trash, man.
You gotta get a lot more than that.
What do you have to say about it?
I'm going to tell you what happened to Hellebuck with
our good friend Mike Kelly, NHL Network.
The Avs had 10 goals with a screen.
The most of anybody.
And that's only in five games.
And how do you get away with good screens?
Cause you don't get pushed out of the net front.
And how do you not get pushed out of the net front?
Cause they're small D out there.
P Yonk is six foot.
The mellow six foot.
They're number one D Morrissey,
six foot,
190 pounds wet.
It does not get the job done in the playoffs.
Murr's right.
Murr's right.
Exhibit one, we will get to exhibit two later.
How big are Colorado's D?
Well, they got Manson.
They got Jack Johnson.
Yeah, but they got Girard.
Haves is big.
Haves is pretty big.
McCarr. So you got the four rightard. Haves is big. Haves is pretty big. McCarr.
So you got the four right there.
He's the unicorn.
He doesn't even count any talk about defensemen.
Unicornville.
Hey, when you win, you don't have to talk about that.
We're talking about why they lost and your Vesna goalie got lit up by the best, fastest team in the league.
I don't know if anybody's going to be able to skate with these guys.
Edmonton can skate with them.
All right.
Edmonton can skate with them. But here's the problem. No no i'm just i'm just being edmonton can skate with them but
i don't know if colorado's gonna lose a game at home they get flying in that building and
everyone's dying they can't catch their breath and then you have mckinnon you're like what the
fuck's going on?
And then, yeah, dude, they throw out that Trennan.
He scored a goal.
He's enormous.
And then, like I said, Miles Wood, they have everything you need.
They have skill.
They have speed.
They have toughness. They have height and girth.
I'll say girth.
And they have a goalie who just needs to play good enough.
So, right now, the most impressive first-round win for sure.
For sure.
And how about Middlestad?
He's turning into Qadri 2.0 right now the way that he's playing.
Maybe he's not as mean and as greasy and riled the other team up as much,
which, hey, discipline also ain't a bad thing either,
but he's coming into his own at the perfect time right now.
He had three assists.
What was it in game four?
And then he had a great game five to close out.
And the craziest thing about this two boys,
they were doing it without rotten and he wasn't playing up to his
capabilities.
And then all of a sudden two goals in game five.
So now he's going,
they're all well-oiled machine.
They're getting rest and they're going to end up playing probably a team
that went to seven between Vegas and Dallas where they're beating the wheels off each other so great thing
for colorado right now they're sitting pretty the the only thing they need to do is because
there's a little bit of a break now get a baza and putting a chushkin in there you don't need
him disappearing again no no too much time off can be a bad thing.
They literally have to chain him to the baza.
You're staying in this baza
and we're going to have
Joe Sackick sit outside of it
like those Russian guys did.
You're not going anywhere.
Our guys had the guns outside.
What do you have,
seven goals this series,
Natchushkin?
I don't know.
I think so.
Every game he scored
at least one, so.
RA, you're muted.
R.A., you're muted, buddy.
We'll take over.
We go from the Avalanche.
We'll go to another series that shut her down.
The Carolina Hurricanes and Butch Goring's New York Islanders.
Biz, what did you see over there?
What I saw was the Islanders break their own record.
Can you believe it?
Can you believe that that happened again?
That happening again.
What are the odds, dude?
Buddy, start of the third period, I had to take a shit.
I drank a little bit of coffee to get going during these late games,
so I had to rev up for the Nashville-Vancouver game.
So I go take a shit, and I come back, and it's 5-3.
It was 3-3 going into the period.
I said, what the fuck happened?
Liam McHugh looks at me.
He goes, the exact same thing that happened the other night.
They beat their own record.
The game where they blew that three-goal lead, it happened in nine seconds.
Well, this one, it was in eight seconds.
It was eight.
Can you fucking believe it, Whit?
Here's the thing.
Dude.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, my God.
Oh, God.
No!
What the fuck was that?
Watch Stu.
Stu.
Watch Stu.
I think he reaches for food at one point.
Fuck!
No, so the fourth goal.
The fourth goal, the fourth goal,
Stu just ends up, two seconds later,
just grabs his fork and grabs some more Z.
Chicken cutlet spaghetti.
But this one, man, the first one,
Shea goes to throw it on net, off a foot,
right to Jack Drury, great shot, 4-3.
And then they rim it around, hits the dasher, goes
right in front. The Islanders literally
did nothing wrong on both goals.
The Islanders, dude, I got
a lot of respect for those guys.
They went and they won that game 5
double OT. Or game 4, sorry.
They forced it back to Carolina.
They're down 3-1. They tied up again
like zero quit in the Islanders.
Nothing. It's a high character team. A lot of older guys They're down 3-1. They tied up again, like zero quit in the Islanders. Nothing like that.
It's a high-character team.
A lot of older guys, a lot of guys who've been around.
They didn't make it easy on Carolina,
and they ended up just getting two brutal bounces for those four and five,
three goals.
Even at 4-3 after Drury scored, I was like,
I think the Islanders will come back.
Like these guys, they're just relentless.
And then eight seconds off the dasher, right to Nose.
Nose got three goals in the series.
I think Kim and Jarvis were the only Hurricane players with three goals.
I believe, was it 10 of 12 forwards for Carolina scored a goal in that series, R.A.?
Yeah, and going into that game, I think seven forwards had three or more points
for the Carolina Hurricanes.
They got depth up front, scoring at all
forms right now, R.A.
And Javis might have had the all-time chicklets bump
the night we had him on. He had a goal
and two assists that night. Ended up with seven points
in the series. Seriously, that would be the best
run ever since I guess they've had on this show
all time. Okay, I'll go to this
part of the game.
I've seen Evgeny Kuznetsov do that in shootouts.
We're talking regular season.
Really doesn't matter.
Like a shootout.
Yeah, it's an extra point.
Shouldn't say it doesn't matter.
At the end of the season, those points really do come into effect.
But it's a shootout.
It's an end of the game, regular season, January 15th.
I'm going to go really slow.
Dude, when he got the penalty shot, when they picked him after the hand over the puck in the crease,
I said, I wonder if he's going to do that.
No, no, no.
And sure as shit, he got it and slowed down.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
13 seconds it took him to get to the net.
Apparellis.
Apparellis.
You hear someone going, what the fuck is he doing?
And I actually saw there's a fan you could see in the stands in Carolina.
That's like it's like this as he's approaching the goal.
And you can never seen it before.
No one. I think there was probably a lot of people there that, yeah, he's new to the team.
And they haven't watched a ton of Capitals hockey in the past.
And they're like, what is happening? What is going on?
And he's just waiting for the poke check.
And then you could tell Varlamov's so mad.
He's just disgusted.
And sure as shit, he goes poke check, boom, scored.
I was laughing my ass off after that went in.
I'm like, this motherfucker did that in a playoff game.
Like, the balls to do that.
Do you know what the heat he would have taken?
Forget online and all that shit.
From his teammates, had he
not scored there? Well, Bud,
I mean, go with the percentages.
I think that he's 45
in his career on penalty shots.
And he pulls that off every time,
so why would he change it up? And
most of the time, people are saying, if you get the penalty
shot, would you rather have the power
play? Well,
unless it's the Edmonton oilers power
play you're picking koozie to go every time with the slow-mo going in and wayne was vocal about it
on the broadcast i think we had him on a regular season game and he did it and he's like i'm not
crazy about that but if you've earned the right to get a penalty shot there's no back checker i
don't think there should ever be a shot clock if you want to take 30 seconds
to get to the net take 30 seconds fuck stop and have a cup of coffee and a sandwich so you just
have to continue forward movement that's the only rule the hardest part about it lundquist said is
the fact that as a goalie you have to get out and then as you come back matches speed but you're
kind of hanging out on your edges there as a goalie,
basically in a squat position, like creaking back like you're in a rocking chair.
But it's too slow.
Normally there's some type of momentum, but he's waiting, waiting, waiting.
And like you said, the frustration kicks in.
That's when he tries to get him with a Koba strike.
And that's when Kuzi goes more to the forehand,
because now he's reaching with that blocker hand.
And then that low blocker is wide open open and he picks it off every fucking time.
It's genius.
It's genius.
It's just amazing to watch.
Yeah, it is genius.
I didn't know his percentage was that high.
I wish I could ask Hank, as I know nothing about goaltending.
I would think in that instance, you're not poke checking.
Like, because you pretty much know, put it this way, all right?
You know a bunch of guys who's unbelievable at it.
Like, you've seen Barkov do it, but where they'll go,
they'll go one way and then really cut back.
You have to be going fast to do that.
Gatsuk was legendary.
Gatsuk, I was trying to think of current players, but he's going so slow that you know his first stick handle is going to be a shot because
you're not moving fast enough to actually
get the goalie to commit and go back
to the other side. I would think a
poke check when he's moving that slow
wouldn't be the play.
Do you know what I'm saying by that?
Yeah. Just wait for it.
And he's going to go stick handle shot. You pretty much
know he's always doing that.
But the balls on him to do that.
He's fucking get the wheelbarrow going like the South park meme.
He was dying,
laughing on the bench as he went through like howling.
But like you said,
credit to the Islanders,
man,
they battled their dicks off.
It's kind of like going back to last year with Carolina and that Florida
series.
I thought they deserved a better fate, like at least for it to go to six games,
the way that they played.
Because outside of game two, when Carolina dominated
and had like 100 shooting chances at the net,
I felt like the Islanders brought it every other game where it was pretty even.
I think two of the games they outshot them too,
which never happens with Carolina.
So nonetheless, Hurricanes just way too deep.
And those moves at the deadline ended up paying off big time too.
I thought between Kuzi and Gensel, they fucking brought it.
We all knew we were going to get Carolina versus the Rangers.
And that one should be incredible viewing.
I think that's going to be an amazing series.
I've said it.
I think it's going seven.
I picked Dallas-Vegas to go seven.
I think that's going to go seven.
I picked Boston-Toronto to go seven.
I think I'm right on with my sevens.
And that one, I would be shocked if it ends before that.
And Rangers have home ice.
Rangers are the President's Trophy winners.
They've been sitting around resting at home.
Carolina's got to hop on a flight in maybe a day or two.
Can't wait to see that series begin and how they're going to match up.
We're going to preview it a little later on, right?
Yeah, we can do it.
Unless you want to do it right after this ad.
We don't want to do it right while we're at it.
I think we do it later on.
Stick with the series that are already going on currently.
All right, let's hear from our friends at Verizon in the meantime.
All right, everybody, before we go any further, series that are already going on currently. Alright, let's hear from our friends at Verizon in the meantime. Alright,
everybody, before we go any further, here's a few
words from our good friends over at Verizon.
Ho, ho, gang.
Playoffs have been here for a little bit now. We're
having a lot of fun because we
have Verizon's fast, reliable
network that lets us stream the games, the
draft, all the stuff on the go or at
home to keep up with all the action. Of course,
I'm in Boston here. I'm very concerned with what the Bruins are doing.
Hopefully, they can wrap it up soon here.
Maybe move on to Florida after there's all kinds of good series to look for.
Here in the East, we're going to have the Rangers on tap.
For you New York fans, see what you like.
Plus, Verizon makes it easy to save on streaming the Stanley Cup playoffs.
For a limited time, they're offering a great deal on the Disney bundle.
It includes Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+.
Honestly, the best deal out there in streaming.
Of course, you can stream select playoff games as well,
including every game of the Stanley Cup Final on ESPN+.
Can't wait. Almost there.
Getting to the second round right about now.
You can visit Verizon.com slash Boston to learn more.
There's a couple other notes.
Lou Lamorello, it was his 325th career postseason game.
He passed Glenn Sater for the most by any GM anywhere.
Lamorello also has 172 career playoff wins.
He does trail Sater with 187, so he's got a ways to go to catch him.
Also, too, Biz, I just know the goaltender, Sorokin, man,
he was 0-1, three goals allowed on 14 shots that last game.
He had a 6-6-1 goals against and a 7-8-6 save percentage.
Yeah, it really wasn't his net.
It wasn't really his net.
I thought it was Varley's.
I thought that Varley had stolen the job later in the season.
I also felt with Patrick Waugh's comments about Sorokin
that he'd maybe lost a little bit of trust in him.
And it seemed like Sorokin's confidence wasn't there
where it had been in years past.
And hey, the good thing for the Islanders
is they had a two goalie system.
I thought Varley played okay,
but ultimately got peppered in that last game.
But besides that, maybe there was a few goals
that Varley wanted back, like the Koozie one in game one this reverse vh thing it's kind of starting to melt my skull a little bit well we could talk
about the donov goal well well that's sorry that's no no i think it could probably lead us
into that series because no i think we had another series next i apologize okay florida tampa where
do you guys want to go from here van nash it was Van-Nash we were going to go because just last night,
right? Okay, let's do it.
Yeah, that's right. Disaster
at the Game 4 for Nashville. They eked out
a 2-2 win in Game 5 to send the series back
to Nashville for Game 6.
Nikita Zadora put Vancouver up 1-0.
He didn't see that coming. Roman Yossi
got the game tangled. There's a lot of controversy here,
Biz. A lot of people thought Target should have challenged
for perhaps goaltender interference.
He decided not to.
He said, if we're down 2-1, then maybe, but it's 50-50 at that point.
We looked at it.
I don't know what the NHL would do on that one, so I don't think it was a bad call him not doing it,
because then you send him to a potential power play.
Correct.
I disagree, R.A.
So the reason that most people are saying he should have was based on how Nashville's power play had been performing and how most of the calls had been going this playoff.
Like you saw Coop's postgame press conference where they got hooped.
I thought that that was worse than what had happened in the Florida Tampa game.
Me too. I can understand why he didn't though, because if you go back to game three, I believe Vancouver was up 2-0, and DeSmith got bumped into,
and they were considering maybe calling goaltender interference there,
where Toc didn't want to maybe rattle his team and show weakness,
so he didn't, and then they ended up squeaking out that 2-1 victory
with DeSmith, right?
So past patterns in the series where he hadn't challenged was fine.
Now, not challenging this one.
They had the momentum because they scored the goal to make it 1-1.
If you put them right back on the power play and then they finally solve it
and finally get another power play goal, I think it looks poorly on talk.
And he said based on when he was viewing it in real time,
he thought it was a 50-50.
So up until that point, I guess I can't argue with the fact
that he didn't want to put them on the power play
and he was okay with where his team was at 1-1.
So you disagree with, you disagree because of how Nashville's power play
had been performing or based in real time on
seeing what had happened, thinking this would 100 come back because he's pushing him into the net.
I thought it would have come back. I just forget the power play, forget anything. I thought that
goal's coming back. And you talked about, you looked at the Tampa, Florida ones. I mean,
Nyquist puts his stick into sea loaves.. I'm sorry if I'm saying his name incorrect.
He puts his stick into his midsection in the crease,
and all of a sudden the puck goes in.
I think that there would have been big-time complaints from Nashville fans
that it did get called back, but I think that one's coming back.
Now, I do get his point that if that puts them in the lead,
it's like we kind of have to, but I don't know.
I look at that and think that the way that this has been getting called, I think that goal is getting taken off the board.
It's a momentum killer for Nashville.
And yeah, you're right.
I wasn't even thinking about that, but we could stop their power play.
Now, Army on the broadcast did another great job.
And he was kind of talking about that.
They didn't even try to set up.
Yossi came flying
in and they just went with he had some good turn for it they just attacked right off the hop
they just went right in there beautiful give and go I mean Yossi's so fast and it drives the crease
and yeah if if you see somebody come into the crease and just stick their stick into the goalie
all the time you're watching games like oh that's that's going to be goaltender interference
so it was more about the replay of overhead that was the replay i saw i was like oh
challenge but talks kind of yeah so you see they all right you see top right his picture there it
ends up just going from there directly into his side and then the puck's in it's like that has
to have something to do with it when the league's looking at the the replay yeah they some people argued that maybe zadorov would have got called like our call they would have
considered him pushing him in a little bit too but i agree with you i'm about i'm about 60 sure
that they would have overturned that goal now if you go back to uh the penalty just over the blue
line the defensive zone that Joshua took.
I think late in the game, under 10 minutes,
you don't have to finish that hit.
You just worry about getting inside the dots
and getting back to D zone coverage.
Like you're getting, you're maybe letting the moment
overtake your emotions a little bit
because it was so crazy inside that building.
Up one, nothing.
Last period, you think you're going to be able to close out at home?
Everybody's horned up for hockey in Vancouver.
I don't know if you guys have heard this Arbutus Club story in Vancouver.
So there's this club.
It's like 100K to join.
There's a huge waiting list for it.
I've actually been there before.
Is Pasha on the stream right now behind the scenes he is yes oh no
is it can you come on for a sec yeah well i mean i mean biz well it's not i just snuck into this
place are are you a member at the arbutus club uh no but i wanted to be and after hearing the
story i might want to be even more more. So they have everything you want.
They have swimming pools.
They have pickleball courts, squash courts.
They even have an ice rink.
And I think a couple days a week they have these open skates for kids.
I don't know if they go there and they get like private lessons or whatever it may be.
So this big email ends up coming out where on Tuesdays and Thursdays, let's say there's a skate at 10 a.m.
Well, all the kids go on the ice and all the parents who bring the kids, they end up meeting down in parking garage level three and they have gang bangs in the cars.
All the members who Tiger was getting like lessons growing up. But I have no clue.
But there was a company or a,
or a beauties club email that went out because all these parents have been
caught because the cameras caught them where they're like swapping SUVs and
shit.
They go down there.
Not with,
not with the cup couple within couple.
They're all swinging at this artist club.
Oh yeah.
On the parking level three,
like trunks open, like, gangbang, switching cars.
Like, swapping.
You got fucking Nancy from North Van eating fucking headrests while, you know,
Kirk from Kitsilano is fucking bringing her to the woodshed.
And because their kids are working on, like, two-on-ones together on the ice,
they're like, all right, well, two-on-one your way.
With the season the Canucks have had, they're all horned up for hockey,
and it's getting them going.
Pasha's going to be waiting outside the door at this place
to try to get in there.
He's been trying to get in.
It's like hedonism three.
It's like where R.A. used to hang out in Jamaica,
but now it's made its way north of the border.
Could you imagine?
Like eight different couples.
You think when Joshua threw that hit, he was thinking,
I lay this guy out here.
I'm first invite to the club tonight.
He's doing private lessons from fucking Nancy from North Van.
His cock sucked off his torso in the back of her G-Wagon.
The keys in the bowl for the carry-in of a fucking woman too, huh?
Unbelievable.
Okay.
Biz.
Pasha. You're devils, I saw.
They can't even get in the playoffs, but they get brought up on ESPN as the worst overtime record in NHL history in the playoffs.
That really cracked me up.
I saw that.
That was shocking.
But, I mean, since I've kind of been a fan,
I feel like they've been pretty good.
This past season, they were 1-1.
In 2012, I'm pretty sure they were undefeated I feel like they've been pretty good. Like this past season, they were one and one in 2012.
I'm pretty sure they're undefeated.
Like Henrik had a couple overtime goals.
So that's that surprised me.
That must be like a late nineties,
early two thousands kind of thing.
If anyone is in van,
Pasha's available for private skating lessons.
As long as you take care of them after it doesn't have to be paid for by
cash.
Thank you,
Pasha.
Thanks.
Do you,
buddy?
What is the goalie?
V8? What is it? Is that the special?
Reverse VH. That's the tomato juice?
Was that, well, remember that tomato juice?
V8. Okay. Reverse VH.
Buddy,
Saros had that thing going on that Zdorov
shot, too.
Because that shot's from a bad angle.
Zdorov's like, he's kind of becoming a little
like cult figure.
Oh, they're going to have to resign.
People in Vancouver love him.
And that reverse VH, it hurts the smaller goalies.
That's what I was going to talk about.
You see Soros get exposed there.
Look at Logan Thompson.
It's all these guys who are below six feet or in that range.
Guys like Ottinger can get away with it.
Guys like Hill can get away with it.
All these mutants like Vasilevsky, they can be on their knees and their shoulders go up
to the crossbar.
These other guys need to stand the fuck up because they're getting exposed.
And I actually think that the Vegas Golden Knights or excuse me, Dallas Stars have figured
that out because they've scored like that from Wyatt Johnson.
And then you saw the Dadnov one.
The other one that ended up going off of Delandria,
that one ended up being a lucky one when he was batting with Eichel
that hit him in the chest.
But these goalies are going to start getting exposed from that goal line area
when they keep going down like this.
There's Tyson Barry getting the lineup first time all playoffs.
He didn't know until like 20 minutes before the game.
He went for a walk all day.
He was on the scratches bus at 620.
And he found out Luke Shen was sick.
He didn't get in the lineup.
He got an assist.
So kudos to him.
I know your pals.
I figured I'd give him a little shout out.
Yeah, you know, it's been tough sledding for him.
He's been out of the lineup and, you know, trying to keep his motivation high.
I mean, you always want to be a part of it, right?
And when he got picked up by them last year from Edmonton,
I think that he thought he was going to go in there
and help QB the power play.
Well, obviously, if you got Roman Yossi,
I mean, he gets first dibs, right?
And it hadn't really worked out.
You know, maybe he's out of the lineup too
because he can get exposed defensively a little bit.
But I forget who it was who sat out with illness.
It wasn't Shen, was it? oh was it yeah so he gets inserted his hometown of vancouver basically i mean he's
from victoria and i thought he had a pretty solid game so good for him and uh good good mojo for the
squad him being able to come in and and make an impression on that peeps. Oh, sorry, Biz. No, I didn't really have much other than,
boys, JT Miller's been a beast in this series.
Even in that game, I played a couple clips
in the intermission of him just completely dominating.
They need to get Petey to the point
where he's dominating a game.
If you pay a guy 11 million,
you have to drive your own line.
I'm not saying you got to show up all series.
And there has been a few instances where he has made good plays, but he's also made some
bonehead ones.
He lost coverage in the last game where they were able to get out of, but man, he's got
to fucking show up in game six.
He needs to take over.
He needs to elevate his level of play.
Cause if he doesn't man i could
see them dropping this in seven they aren't getting any type of sustained ozone time other than that
jt miller and maybe the third line to some degree i thought i thought darlin's line's been incredible
too with lindholm but where the fuck is pd man i don't know and canucks fans kind of sometimes
they'll blame the fact that he's not playing with their best wingers.
And as you said, you got to get a carrier online, dude.
Look at the people McDavid's played with over the course of his career.
And obviously as Hyman. But what has he done for him now?
Saros really wasn't himself throughout this series.
But the third period, like even that entire game that's a worry if i'm a canucks fan i said i thought the
predators had the best chance of any team down 3-1 to come back and win this series now they're
going home dude that save he made on lindholm the garland pass from behind the net was so sticky
he had no room to tight turn against the boards did so quick and threw a blind backhand right to
lindholm It felt like a
set play. Lindholm knew he'd find him, but he just darted over to the right and Saros slid over with
ease and saved that one. Now they're going home. I mean, yes, they lost both games there, but that
crowd is still awesome. It's a hard place to play. Let's see if they can force a game seven,
but Saros getting hot and becoming who we all thought he was, as opposed to the beginning of the series. That's a worry right there. So we'll see how it ends up, but I agree
with you on Petey and Garland has been awesome. That's a guy and JT Miller has been great.
It's just weird to see Vancouver. I thought they'd close that game out. I really would.
And they didn't have the challenge. And all of a sudden they're going back to Nashville on a tough
fight. Why my Oilers need to close out this series tonight, dude?
They will just be sitting around waiting for Vancouver.
Is Quinn Hughes hurt?
Does he have a shoulder issue?
I don't know about the shoulder issue,
but I want to talk to you guys about the game-winning goal.
Did you see it?
Let's hear it, Murr.
It was a good shot. It was a good shot. Great little shot. Smart shot from the D like you did you see it let's hear it murr it was a good shot it was a good little
shot smart shot from the d like you're gonna be giving all of your our beauties club members
another another another one where the goalie was screened maybe hughes actually screened them
but are you telling me he couldn't have blocked this shot i i i watched a clip I kept rewinding my TV I think he might even move this foot
Oh god
Like look at this
You gotta eat that
You gotta eat that
Look see how his legs turned
That's not how you block a shot
And that's what my whole thing is
He doesn't know how to block a shot
Like his right foot is now facing the right corner
In the last still image
Yeah see how he keeps moving And then I'm telling you You rewatched the clip It looks like he moved his foot That's not the right corner in the last still image. Yeah, see how it keeps moving?
And then I'm telling you, you rewatch the clip.
It looks like he moved his foot.
That's not how you win in the playoffs.
And I talked about it before, and it came up,
and there's a game-winning goal.
Now we're going back to Nashville, game six.
Is there any way we're doing a chicklets trip for that game?
That would be a fun little spot to be.
Friday night in Nashville?
Is it Friday night?
Imagine me on Broadway.
Keep pushing, honey.
I got it on speakerphone.
Keep pushing.
I'll be home tomorrow.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
I don't know about that, Murr.
That was actually the first playoff game facing elimination
on the Preds have won since game six back in the second round of 2018.
So a little struggle in the old elimination games.
I think, Murr, you and Pasha are neck and neck
for most hated man in Vancouver.
Oh, he's taking Pasha over.
I was starting to climb back, but then that one just,
it happened for me.
Exactly what I talked about.
You got to be big.
You got to block shots.
I was starting to think like, well,
because he doesn't even play penalty kill
or the last minutes when they're up a goal. So I was starting even to question, well, mate, cause he doesn't even play penalty kill or the last minutes when they're up
a goal.
So I was starting even to question if he's their number one D man.
Oh,
cut the shit.
These other ones.
He doesn't even play the final minute.
All these other guys play the final minute when they're Edmund,
McCarr,
McAvoy,
Lidstrom,
Keith.
He's a different type of number one.
He's a different type of number one.
Although Niedermeyer was out there in the last minute.
Guys, we have another huge game tonight with Vegas Dallas.
Before we get to that, I need to talk to you about Peter Millar.
Spring is officially here.
The warm weather has finally arrived,
and that's why we're here to talk to you about the new Crown Comfort line from our friends at Peter Millar.
Now, normally, we talk about Peter Millar, we talk about their classic pieces, the golf shirts, the quarter zips, the pants, the shorts, they have it all.
But this time, we're talking about something a little more classic.
Peter Millar's Crown Comfort polos and shorts make the perfect partner for any casual occasion, not just golf.
The polos are made from 100 long staple Pima cotton, known for being incredibly soft.
The shorts keep a classic cotton look and feel with just the right amount of stretch for lightweight all-day comfort.
You could be on the course.
You could be out to lunch.
You could be with your buddies.
You could be anywhere wearing the awesome new crown comfort line from Peter Millar. So be sure to head over to
petermillar.com slash chicklets to check out the crown comfort line. That's Peter Millar,
the official outfitter of the USGA and spitting chicklets. So shout out Peter Millar. Amazing
stuff. I wore it before this podcast ever existed and I'm lucky enough to continue to wear it now.
for this podcast ever existed, and I'm lucky enough to continue to wear it now.
So we're going back to Dallas, Biz, and we're going back to Glassbanger Land.
And this asshole, this asshole might have the  oh, of course he's going.
And he's the most hated  dude, Mark Stone has cheated LTIR for two straight years,
and Dallas Stars fans hate Glassbanger more than Mark Stone.
And shout out Mark Stone.
I think his wife was with maybe his brother or her brother wearing an LGIR suit.
If you can't respect that, even if you hate the Golden Knights,
that's funny as shit.
Funny. That's just funny.
That's troll level 1,000 right there.
That looks like memes kind of, by the way.
He's a better-looking brother.
Yeah, for the fourth straight game in the series, boys.
The road team was the victor.
Dallas evened up Vegas with a 4-2-1.
4-2 win, rather.
Each team has 11 goals in this series.
Dead even right now.
Roger, tough start for the series, but he's been outstanding the last three games.
Biz, let's go to you on this one.
How do you see this playing out?
Six, seven games or what?
I don't remember you predicting.
I think if Glassbanger shows up to game five, Dallas is going to lose at home again.
He says that he wants me to pay for his seats and his 9,000 hooker.
Who spends 9,000 on a hooker?
It looks like Glassbanger is currently in the chat right now as well.
Where is he?
Yeah.
This is my land, bitch.
He's not coming on.
You know he isn't working, dude. He's got he isn't working dude he's got his dad's seat he's got his dad's money he's the hymen of glass bangers i said it originally
nepotism the one thing they do have going for him is this wyatt johnston kid he is a fucking gamer
didn't you say that he was going to be the next patrice bergeron merle yep and i was laughed at
then that was a couple years ago i never laughed at you for that not by us by probably the chat
yeah by the yeah well i think wasn't monty the one who said it to you yep yeah you loved him
i don't know how he must have known him from a prospect camp in dallas or something and he goes
to the hard areas too he's slippery about it. He just seems to be able to get lost.
And I don't know, man.
He's fucking, he's taking over.
I think Pasha's got a ticket on him.
He spent a hundred bucks to win 10 grand for a future on.
He wins the con smite, but they're going to have to figure things out at home.
I would say that those two games showed me that we thought Dallas is exactly who we thought they were.
I thought Haskinen was probably the best player on the ice overall,
and the fact that he's got to lug the ice time he's lugging.
He upped his physical game, and he also got way more engaged offensively.
I don't think that he had to during the regular season,
given the fact that he had two first lines,
and it seemed like two third lines the way that they've been going but he had to elevate his play and become more of a monster in that number one that you
talk about Murr and I thought he was fucking everything is advertised he flies under the radar
all season long because he plays in Dallas but he's been lugging the mail jumping in looking like
his old pal Klingberg doing the Shakita Shak Shakita, Shakita hips on the blue line.
Juking guys.
Doing it quietly.
But I tell you what, man.
Going back home, they got to bring that same effort.
And the one thing going to the other side, I don't think some of the big boys for Vegas have shown up.
Besides Eichel.
Eichel and Marchessault have been fucking good.
But Hurdle, meh.
Petro. Barberchev. Bar barbara the cigarette machine hasn't played like
he did last year petrol i don't know if he's still a little bit banged up outside of game one i
haven't really felt the effects of mark stone being that piece of shit pain in the ass maybe
not the the uh the net front presence that we would have expected especially after that nice
tipping in game one.
Hey,
and it's hard to get back in a game shape.
Maybe game one,
you're running on pure adrenaline,
but they got to get their stars a little bit more involved.
Shay Theodore is another guy like he should be another Haskin and lug in the
mail,
getting up in the rush,
getting more involved.
So overall,
man,
if,
if,
if Vegas is stars don't show up,
I think that Dallas is going to take this series and I commend the young legs. I think Stan Colvin, all right. So overall, man, if Vegas' stars don't show up,
I think that Dallas is going to take this series,
and I commend the young legs.
I think Stan Colvin, although not really finding the back of the net as much as I'd expected, he's been great.
He's been a water bug out there.
And Hintz finally showed up too.
He had that huge block at the end of the game in Game 4,
and he ends up getting the empty netter.
So Dallas looking really good going back home, but once again, it's going to come back to that asshole glassbanger block at the end of the game in game four and he ends up getting the empty netter so dallas looking
really good going back home but once again it's going to come back to that asshole glassbanger
making it all about himself he's probably not even going to have a hot nine hundred nine thousand
dollar hooker she's probably going to be a trash bucket just like he is and it's going to be all
about him and they're going to lose and cost themselves the series he ain't going to learn
his lesson either because they'll probably go win game six
and then he's still going to be an asshole
as opposed to giving away his tickets to charity
and letting the juju be good in the bottom of the section.
Nope.
He's a cancer, folks.
He's a bad bucking.
I agree with you on that, Biz.
Merles, you know what this is reminding me of
and people will think I'm insane
because it's quite the leap.
Lockout
year. Wilkes-Barre Penguins
versus the Binghamton Senators.
Binghamton wins
the first two games
and we storm back and we take
four straight. I think
Dallas is a better team. I think
they got a lot more going for them. I
think they have a better goalie.
That is not to say Logan Thompson hasn't been really good in this series,
but that's a Donov goal.
Everyone's like, yeah, it's this insane shot.
Dude, it's from the boards on the goal line.
That can't go in.
And Dallas is rolling now.
I think they take this in six.
I got to talk to you because you mentioned Thompson.
Aiden Hill is going to get the start tonight.
No, they did that. Wow. Aiden Hill's in the net. I got some other updates you because you mentioned Thompson. Aiden Hill is going to get the start tonight. No, they did that.
Wow.
Aiden Hill's in the net.
I got some other updates from our Vegas insider.
We got new lines.
We got new lines out in Vegas.
Put them in the blender.
You got Hurdle, Eichel, Marchi, Dorfiev, Stevenson, Stone,
Howden, Mantha, Amadillo, Carrier, Waugh,
and the Cigarette Machine on the fourth line. It's Amadio. Cigarette Machine.
So that's how...
It makes sense. I think Cassidy's probably
sick. He hasn't run over anyone.
Remember last year?
Remember the hit that Barbershop put on
Gutis? I mean, there was like
10 of those for him in the playoffs.
And all of a sudden, he's just kind of skating around.
I think that he's so good when he doesn't play
like he has the skill level he has. And he's just kind of skating around. I think that he's so good when he doesn't play like he has the skill level he has.
And he's just like, I'm just going to kill people.
And then his skill takes over.
He gets a little bit more room.
He's, he's on the outside a little bit.
And Cassidy's seen enough to stick them on the fourth line.
Now granted their fourth line will play, but still, that's not what you thought you'd get
out of Barberchev.
Yeah.
I got, I got, Mantha's just there as a placeholder for Carlson.
Carlson will be there in the game.
That was one, one mishap I made. I was just going to say, I thought he I got a man. That's just there as a placeholder for Carlson. Carlson will be there in the game. That was one,
one mishap.
I made it.
I was just going to say,
I thought he was maybe,
I think Carlson's a little banged up.
So man,
there's just there for the,
the skate,
but that's the lines from morning skate.
Slick.
Willie will be there.
Yeah.
As far as Vegas.
Willie.
Yeah.
March.
So got two goals.
I go get three.
And the only other forwards who have goals,
a stone,
a hurdle in a body.
Only one goal each.
So yeah,
they definitely got to step it up. If they're going to win the series, Merle's for sure.
Also, you just mentioned Thompson.
First playoff starts he's ever had.
2-2 with a 2-3-5-9-2-1.
He's been outstanding.
I think he hasn't been a problem at all.
I'm surprised they're going to Aiden Hill, Merle's wife.
I am surprised by that, too.
Yeah, I mean, that overtime game was incredible.
And that actually reminded me of the Binghamton, too.
We beat them in overtime and flipped the series. But, yeah, I mean, Aiden Hill was incredible, and that actually reminded me of the Binghamton, too. We beat them in overtime and flipped the series.
But, yeah, I mean, Aiden Hill won the Stanley Cup last year.
How do you  you know, maybe you give him the road game,
and if you win, you ride him.
If you lose, then Thompson gets the home game, right,
where he played phenomenal.
I don't mind that.
Hey, since that dickhead glassbanger is still in the chat,
if you guys lose game five at home and you end up going back to game seven at home, are you going to show up if you're 0 for 3?
You think this guy cares about anyone but himself and his hook daddy?
He's going to the game.
Nine grand.
I mean, Christ.
Nine grand?
What a house with that fucking.
She better have the biggest bolt-ons I've ever seen if you're paying nine grand.
And where do you even get them?
On back pages?
Where is he getting them?
Local strip club?
Imagine he ended up getting arrested for this.
I think he buries himself on the chiclets, Chad.
He should make Dallas fans a promise.
If it goes to game seven after going 0-3 at home,
he should put two of them in the front row,
tell them to sit down, not say a word,
and bother anybody in the section.
No signs the whole game.
And he should go watch at his local watering hole.
He shouldn't go anywhere near that building,
be unselfish, and let his team finally maybe win one at home
so they can close out the series.
That's just my thoughts.
But going back to you,
Whit, he's a selfish piece of shit.
It ain't going to happen. They ain't going to win
a home game with him in the building. Mark
my words.
Whit, what do you think the series goes? Six or seven?
What? Well, I kind of
really
messed up because I picked seven and then earlier
in the show I said I like all my seven calls
and then I just said I think Dallas gets it done in six.
So I'll stick to seven. I think
Dallas wins this series and I wouldn't
be shocked if they just go four straight.
They win at home tonight and in Vegas
the next game, game six, and they get it done.
But I would like to see seven. Let's
say that. But I got Dallas. I got Dallas
winning this series. And I got Dallas and
Colorado being one for the ages.
Well, whether you're in Dallas or Vegas,
you can get tickets for the game with the awesome
app, GameTime. I'm going to send it
over to our friends over there. Alright, everyone,
before we go any further, here's a few words from our
friends over at GameTime. Gang, I got the
app open right here. Did you know you can see
a Major League Baseball game about five minutes away
from you for under 20?
Yes, that's right. The Boston Red Sox
right up the street from here. Go on the old GameTime app, under 20. Boom. Major League right. The Boston Red Sox right up the street from here.
Go on the old game time app under 20 bucks.
Boom.
Major League Baseball.
That's not the only place you can do it.
Any city, wherever you are, you should never have to worry about buying tickets for your
next big event.
That's why game time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports, music,
comedy, and theater events near you.
Because game time is the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
Thank you to game time. You official ticketing partner of boss dual sports thank you
to game time you get flash deals for sudden discounts you get zone deals for when you're
feeling a little flexible and their lowest price guarantee means that if you find the same seats
for less anywhere else game time will credit you 110 percent of the difference wow unreal deal right
there of course game time is the best place for last minute seats with up to 60 off your favorite events.
Could be more than that if it's a baseball team down the street.
So get on it.
What are you waiting for?
I'm going to hit the socks right now for under a double sawbuck.
You should be doing the same.
Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with game time.
Download the game time app.
Create an account and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download the game Time app today.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.
All right, not just Dallas and Vegas.
You can also get tickets to Florida's next opponent.
Don't know if it's going to be Toronto or Boston.
We'll see what happens there.
But the Panthers did finish off Tampa in five games.
They're cross-state rival.
They finally beat them in a playoff series the first time
and three times they played them.
Bobrovsky, I'll tell you, his numbers weren't good.
But, you know, 4-1, obviously. 2-7-8,
8-9-6. He was stellar, man. I mean,
I think it was one game that kind of threw his numbers off.
Kachuk for a hag. He led the way once
again. Nine points for each. Florida's power play was
stellar. But let's get to the Cooper, the
two overturned calls. I mean, he doesn't usually
bitch this much to the media, you know, or complain.
But there was the Duclair one and then
the one with Sorelli. What did you think?
They got hosed.
Definitely on the first one, the Duclair one.
That was bullshit. The Duclair one was
I didn't like either one of them.
I don't think Sorelli had
a ton to do with Bobrovsky not being
able to save that puck, but the Duclair
one, my biggest problem is
and I don't know how it's not
taken into effect when the refs are looking at it Forsling's holding him Forsling's holding his
stick like who's to say Duclair wouldn't be just stepping out of the crease and out of the way if
he wasn't being held where he was so I don't get how you know you talk about sometimes if if the
defenseman pushes a player into a goalie if the if the defense defenseman goaltender's team obviously pushes a forward in, then the goal will stand.
Well, the defenseman's standing there holding a guy from moving out of the crease, and you still call it no goal.
So that one, it's like, that's why Koop after that one was just yelling.
He's like, that's fucking bullshit.
That makes no sense because if you're being held, it should cancel out all of the goaltender interference
that you consider with Duclair in the crease
because he wouldn't have been standing there if he wasn't held there.
So I didn't agree with that one at all.
His skate's there, but, dude, he's trying to move,
and you can see on the video of it,
like forcing, pulling his hand and his stick away from, you know,
getting even out of the crease.
So I'm not wording that as correctly as I wish I could,
but I hope you understand what I'm trying to say.
It should be a holding penalty then.
There you go.
There you go.
And it's Bobrowski's choice to try to wrap his arm around his skate
where it was.
There's no rule about not having your skate in the crease.
I thought it was a complete hose job,
and it took every bit of momentum that Tampa was trying to gain in the crease. I thought it was a complete hose job and it took every bit of momentum that Tampa was trying to gain in the game.
And people will say,
Oh,
it got out of hand.
Florida ended up outscoring them.
It was a way different game.
Those goals end up being counted and they're getting power plays because
they're not being challenged.
So I thought it was bullshit.
And I feel like Tampa Bay fans were robbed.
What was potentially Stamkos' last game as a Tampa Bay Lightning. Although, given
Brisebois' comments this morning and the presser, it feels like
he maybe had a complete change of heart. I don't know if that was based on Stamkos'
performance.
You all saw how from the trade deadline on, Stammer
elevated his level of play,
which was incredible to see.
For someone who, you could say, has already earned his Hall of Fame plaque,
has accomplished so much already,
and has been accomplishing so much for so long,
for him to play arguably the best two months of hockey of his career,
because it started around the trade deadline.
He carried it all the way through that series against the Panthers.
For him to do that at the time when our team needed it most was incredible.
His age is like...
Well, all right, here's the thing.
Coop said it.
He belongs here.
We know it.
He knows it.
Breezeball pretty much said the same thing.
But Breezeball is going to say, yeah, you should be here. We want you here. We know you want to be here. We know it. He knows it. Breezeball pretty much said the same thing. But Breezeball is going to say, yeah, you should be here.
We want you here.
We know you want to be here.
Take this.
I don't think because of what he saw from him, and I don't agree with this,
but I don't think what he saw from him, he's going to really go off of his idea of his term and his salary cap hit.
And Merle's mentioned in the group chat, like, yeah,
if you really want to stay,
you're going to have to take a big time hometown discount.
You're probably not going to get the term you want.
I think stammer really deserves a lot.
That guy has been such a legend with that team.
Forget the cups, forget everything he's done in the community.
Forget the type of teammate he's been.
Dude, this guy's battled through so many different injuries.
Like you talked last episode, what Sergeyev saw Stamkos do,
and he came back to score that huge goal in the bubble cup against Dallas
when they were in the bubble at COVID time.
He's always battled back.
The broken leg in Boston, missing the Olympics.
It's been just character.
Forget the goals.
Forget everything on the ice.
It's off the ice stuff where you're like,
this guy needs to be a member of the Lightning. So if do really lowball him if i'm stamp coast i'm saying fuck
this i that's way easier for me to say not living there and spending my entire adult life there half
of his life spent in tampa bay so it's going to be hard for him but if they don't show him the
respect that i think he deserves and people came at me on twitter like oh he's a declining asset
it's like is he though because i saw him fucking light it up this year and he was maybe their best respect that I think he deserves. And people came at me on Twitter like, oh, he's a declining asset.
It's like, is he though?
Because I saw him fucking light it up this year and he was maybe their best player in the playoffs too.
I don't know how.
He's one of the more dedicated players off the ice.
He works out with Gary Roberts.
So I know 34 is not exactly a spring chicken in today's NHL, but to me,
the way they get it done is keep the AAV down and give them a little bit of
extra term.
Give them like a four or five year deal.
I think a team friendly deals probably coming in at about four and a half.
I probably imagine that he's going to want about five and a half, which you could probably
get on the open market.
I bet you the Leafs might even fucking give them six just to bring his type of, I think
you could get a lot more than that.
Yeah.
40 goals last year.
I,
I,
I,
so what do you think a team's going to give a 34 year old like
Steven Stamkos?
You think he's going to make three years at 6 million a year?
Is it worth moving your family for the extra 500 to 750 grand after
taxes?
The guy's made,
how much has he made in his career?
He's talking about 95 90 million
bucks yep just under 100 mil there you go like what do you mean here so i think that if you give
him term and and let him say hey we want you to play four or five more years here because we
believe in the fact that you keep in shape that you can play that much longer let him end it a
lightning because the time that four or five years comes along kucherov ain't going to be the same player headman ain't going to be the same player
vasilevsky ain't going to be the same player let them all ride off into the sunset in tampa bay and
if you get some fucking doldrum years who gives a shit all the fans are going to want to see those
guys all retire together you can do fucking jersey retirement night after jersey retirement night
and get people in the building that way.
Christ, look what the fucking Penguins paid LeTang and Malkin to keep them around to sell out the building and have people around.
I think you give him term and I think you could probably get him back for five million bucks.
I think you can do it.
Where is your guys, each one of you guys, official prediction as to where he plays next season? He's playing, I think now with everything that
happened and the change of tone in Breezebois,
I think 100 he's back in
Tampa. I think that watching
Breezebois press conference,
I feel like that's damage control
based on the way they've handled it the entire season.
No? I've never seen Breezebois
speak like that where he
comes off like he's playing a little
bit of damage control.
No? Yeah, very fawning. He was very fawning towards him, which he should be. It's Stamkos,
you know, but I agree.
I agree with you.
Now, I think
back to legendary players leaving.
Obviously, it's football, but Brady,
he hated Belichick by the end.
I think Koop and Stamkos, it seems
like they're very close. They've had the
success together. I think heop and Stamkos seems like they're very close. They've had the success together.
I think he still wants to be
there. I haven't talked to him about it,
but I would like to see him remain
at Tampa Bay Lightning. I think it's cool when
somebody's able to be on one team their entire
career.
I'd give him
three times eight, but
that's just his mentality.
You think he'd be able to keep him for 8 million?
No.
I mean, I know the cap probably don't work, but I don't know, man.
The guy scored 45 goals last year.
You heard what Breeze Bob just said about him.
He was their best player for the last two months.
I mean, his age is what it is, but he's not playing like he's that old.
I mean, he was probably the best player for the last fucking series for them.
Imagine he signs with the Panthers.
They don't have the money.
They got to give it to Reinhardt.
Let's go into that
because it was a changing of the guard
in the state of Florida, boys.
Matthew Kachuk gave a great interview
postgame. He said, when I got here a couple
summers ago, we kind of talked about
if we're going to do this, we're going to have to get through them.
They were able to not have to do it.
Toronto took care of it last year and then they were,
they just waxed Toronto, but they knew,
they knew at one point to go on a run,
they'd have to end up knocking off the champs,
knocking off the guys who've ran that state for a long time.
And they did it. They did it at home,
which was really cool for the Panthers fans who've just been the,
the, the nail in,
in the rivalry of the hammer and the nail with the
lightning all these years. And they did it at home. The score wasn't the score. How many empty
netters did they get? We're also saying I was trying to live. Oh, I was trying to live bet next
goal. I knew that Cooper pulled the goalie belligerent style and he did, but it ended up
being a drumming. Cause Chuck mentioned that it meant a lot to them to beat them at home.
And now you look at Florida.
I think Florida is the class of the East, personally.
I love Carolina and I love the Rangers.
But I think Florida is a step above both of them.
And they're just primed and ready for another run.
If they could stay healthy.
I think that's the problem.
Last year, Vegas killed everyone.
Well, Vegas was not even playing the Panthers of the first round.
Everyone was banged up.
So I know Bennett, the injury wasn't as bad as they had seen or maybe thought.
We'll wonder if they get him back for next round.
But the Panthers put on a performance.
Barkov was incredible.
I know Kachuk and Varhegi have more points, but Barkov in that final game, dude,
that shorthanded goal he gets and just the way he kind of controlled.
That was his first.
Did somebody say it was his first three point playoff game in game five?
I was shocked about that.
I don't know if I'm getting that wrong.
I thought I saw that stat, but he's just a horse and they have all the mojo going again.
I wanted to talk about Bob.
I don't care.
Like Gretzky, our boy, Wayne, um, stats are for losers,
right?
Is that what he said?
And when he's remember when he was talking about grant fear,
when they were winning that cup,
when all those cups,
it wasn't the say it was the timely saves.
It was those big saves that turned the game.
and that's,
what's been Bob Roski.
He's making the save at the most important part of the game again.
And I also want to talk about this Montour.
He's becoming one of my favorite guys
he's somehow he's flying around he'll be in the d it's almost like mccarr where he's in the d zone
and the next thing you know he's the first guy on the four check sometimes and then back yeah he
doesn't stop and then he's absolutely just rips he's got a mean streak to him too he's a bit of
a pain in the ass to play against. He'll stick you. He plays
hard, man. He's probably their most
undersized D, but he plays above
his weight class, and they're
a beast back there, boys. They're going to be a tough
out. I just think that they're... I think they're
going to wax
Boston or Toronto.
Wax. I actually wanted to
say that of the 16 teams that
began the playoffs, I think everyone knew there was a couple
that wouldn't win the Cup. I think there's seven that can
win. I think you got Florida, Carolina,
Rangers. I think they could all win the Cup.
And then I think you got Vegas, Dallas,
Edmonton, and Colorado. I think those are the seven
teams. Granted, dude, it's seven. It's not
like I'm listing it down to two teams can win.
Boston and Toronto.
Smell you later
next round, guys. You're going into the beast
That is Florida
And you're going into their barn to do it
I'm going to focus on the first round
We'll take them one by one
Kelly Clarkson
That's what's going to be like when it plays them next round
Oh yeah yeah yeah 40 year old virgin style
There you go buddy
Alright boys we got a few more words from our good friends
Over at Verizon.
All right, gang.
Before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends over at Verizon.
Ho-ho, gang.
Playoffs are in full swing right now.
We are so pumped up here at Chicklets.
Big matchups going on in Vancouver, Nashville.
Not done yet.
Vancouver moves on.
Cannot wait to see who they play.
Colorado as well.
Looks like they might knock Winnipeg off.
We'll see who they play. Colorado as well. Looks like they might knock Winnipeg off. See what happens there. But I know I'm
enjoying all of these
games because of Verizon's fast
reliable network. It lets me
stream all the games. Stream the draft.
Whether I'm on the go, at home, wherever I am
I can keep up with all the action.
All I know is that Verizon
makes it easy to save on streaming the Stanley
Cup playoffs. And for a limited time
they are offering a great deal on the Disney bundle.
If you're not familiar with it, you get Disney+, ESPN+, and Hulu.
One of the best deals out there.
And you can stream select Stanley Cup playoff games,
including every game of the Stanley Cup final on ESPN+.
Visit Verizon.com slash Barstool to learn more.
All right, boys.
What you mentioned earlier, Edmonton, they're playing game five tonight
versus L.A.
Edmonton a minus 125 favorite.
Merle, so you're liking that one tonight?
Oh, want to get to my picks already, R.A.?
Well, I mean, might as well dive right in.
Of course.
I don't have an Oilers hat, but I'm going to be all over the Oilers three-way minus one 20.
I can tell you that.
And then wet, we're going back after dry sidle for the over two and a half shots.
Yep.
Fiala over two and a half shots.
Our guy from the sandbagger, he, I watched the last few games.
He doesn't, there's not a shot.
He doesn't like, he doesn't turn down any shine to like me at the pink Whitney parties.
And then, uh, this is an interesting one, a new one I found with, I think you're going to like this one and join me tonight. doesn't like he doesn't turn down any kind of like me at the pink whitney parties and then uh
this is an interesting one a new one i found with i think you're gonna like this one and join me
tonight uh day harney block shots over two and a half plus 150 he's been a beast back there i saw
you five one game i like this and you know the kings are gonna have to come with a push
so it's one i haven't I've never done
a block shot one but I'm going to have that in there tonight but I'm an Oilers tonight three-way
I'm real excited for this game tonight I'm very excited um I have a little bit of the nerves going
of of coming out having them come out hot and ready to go like I you can't come out flat like
you saw the Bruins do it maybe they thought it would be easier than it would be. I would think after
game four that Edmonton knows
it won't be easy. When LA gets going,
they get going. You're back at home.
Game one at home, they trucked
them. Let's see if that can
continue its way of every
other game. The Oilers owning them.
McDavid,
amazingly enough, consistently
reaches levels that Gretzky has.
There's certain numbers that McDavid's hitting that you're like,
oh, Wayne Gretzky's one of the only guys to do that.
He can join Wayne Gretzky tonight.
This is courtesy of Jason Greger, always dialed in with the Oilers,
of joining only Wayne Gretzky as the second player ever
to have 10 or more assists in a playoff series twice.
McDavid has already done it once.
I believe Gretzky did it like five or six times.
Not sure the exact number, but McDavid has nine apples in this series,
so he could become only the second player after Wayne to get 10 twice in a series.
Leon's been dominant.
Awesome clip came out.
I think it was with BRBiz of basically Hyman and Nuge and Leon.
They're all talking about different plays.
They do a couple of different plays.
And Leon comes in after one of the goals.
They can't defend it.
They can't defend it.
And they can't.
An amazing PK that I said last show is just getting used and abused for the second year in a row.
Not much to say considering they haven't played since we last recorded.
But tonight's the night to end this series. If there's chance that vancouver can have to go to seven more rest get everyone
even more healthy i think edmonton's okay in that department knock on wood let's close them out
tonight rogers place will be rocking and there we go well you said it the the combined special
teams percentage for the edmonton oilers is at what? 153.
153, where it seems like LA's PK is just under 50 right now,
and their power play is 0 for 11, I believe, in the series.
They don't have a power play goal, right?
No.
Like, that's the fucking series right there.
If they don't get that going, they don't have a chance in hell of coming back in the series.
Like you said, though, when they are going and they got their lines cooking like last game, expect a push.
I just think Edmonton's too much.
And the fact that Skinner gets his confidence after that shutout, I think Edmonton's looking real good.
And the easiest path to the conference final, I think, of any team.
Because if they're going to get the winner of Nashville-Vancouver,
they're going to dust them.
I think this is over in five, and I think the next one's over in five, too.
Pierre Lebrun had a pretty good piece on The Athletic about talking to former
players and staff about how to maybe stop Edmonton's power play.
He talked to Bergeron, Tip, Berube, Guy Carbone was in there.
It's a cool article. Basically, they all
said, don't take penalties.
There's not...
Good place to start.
You try to maybe take away one option.
They have four other ones. There's no
really stopping it. That's the thing.
There's no stopping that power play.
Sorry, Mitch.
That's going to fucking...
Oh, that's okay. We're just live.
I know.
Are we going to get some spaces tonight?
Are they planned?
Well, here's the thing.
And I really appreciate a lot of people
have reached out and said, we like the spaces.
We like the spaces.
Well, the game I did the spaces, they lost.
The only game they've lost was the game I did spaces.
So it's really hard for me to hop back into it.
If it's 5-0 after the first period, I'll do a spaces.
But I can't really get invested in doing a spaces until game one of the next round
because their only loss, I was doing spaces every intermission.
And me and you, Big Cat, were betting next goals.
That didn't help either.
Glass Banger should take a page out of your book. Having some self-awareness. Paces every intermission. And me and you, Big Cat, were betting next goals. That didn't help either.
Glassbanger should take a page out of your book, having some self-awareness.
He's taking pages out of the back pages.
That's his problem.
Yeah, guys, I think we're going to move on to the second round,
but I got to tell you guys about the second round.
I don't know if you guys saw it. I saw it come up on my Instagram.
I tried to enter, but I guess because I'm an employee, I can't.
But there's a spit and chiclets playoff ticket giveaway with my favorite company, Mugsy Jeans.
If you use code chiclets, you get 10 off and the winner will get a picture.
Are you signed with?
Did you sign this picture already?
Oh, no.
Yeah.
So it's a punishment.
It's a tough.
Well, no, but it might not be a punishment because what I signed was the picture of Tim Jackman punching my head right off my body.
Oh, okay.
So if you order one pair of jeans, you get one entry, two pairs, two entries, three pairs, three entries.
And then the winner, when you receive your jeans, it will have the picture of me getting beat up and having no head signed.
That's the golden ticket.
It'll have the picture of me getting beat up and having no head signed.
That's the golden ticket.
And then if you do win, you and a friend can pick any city, any second game,
any second round game you want to go to, and you'll be flown there,
all expenses paid, hotel, flights, tickets, and get to take in a game.
So Muggsy, get involved in that.
It's a pretty cool contest to pick any second round series, pick a game.
Comfortable stuff, man. That's for sure.
Nashville's got to get there.
Yeah, we only got one series we know of for the second round so far.
Carolina and New York.
We got a little preview for you right now.
Carolina is a minus 140 favorite.
That ranges 100 to make 120.
Playoff history, the Rangers beat Carolina back in the second round of 2022.
Carolina beat the Rangers back in the qualifying
round during the bubble playoffs there.
Interested nugget from Dan Rosen.
Laviolette coached the 06 Canes that won
the Cup. Rod Brindle was the captain.
It hasn't happened since 1947
that a series featured two opposing coaches
who won a Cup together like that with the
32 Leafs. Yeah, kind of wild
stuff there. I mean, this is a wicked
even match. I mean, this is a wicked even match.
I mean, Anderson's playing out of his mind.
Shesterka's been out of his mind as well.
Merle, we'll go to you first on this one.
Who do you like and why?
Yeah, this is going to be a tough one.
I mean, I've always really liked the Rangers.
I called off them this year with Peter LaViolette.
But the other day, Peter Millar sponsored Game Notes.
And I took Peter LaViolette's team, the Rangers, Peter Millar sponsored game notes and I took Peter LaViolette's
team, the Rangers, and I won a bunch of money. But if you remember the Rangers, this is how I'm
going to make my pick. The Rangers Islander games all season. I know they're a rivalry,
so it's a little different, but they were tight games. Islanders probably had their way with them
at the end. And we saw what Carolina just did to the islanders that home crowd i gotta
i'm gonna take carolina in the series and i it's gonna be seven games i'll give them at least seven
games though carolina and seven too many weapons too good a d they're just they play harder i feel
like than the rangers are a little stronger moreoff style, and that place is just rocking when they get going.
Well, can I go?
Because I'll argue all those points besides maybe the D.
I think the Carolina has a better D.
I got the Rangers in this series.
I got them in seven games.
I think it's very evenly matched.
But you're talking about Carolina's arena.
MSG?
MSG in the springtime after a first-round flameout last year?
Oh, that place is going to be on fire.
And the biggest difference maker for me, Igor Shosturkin.
The guy has been unstoppable since his early season struggles.
It seems like all the mojo and all the things in New York City are coming together.
The Knicks had a tough loss.
I actually saw a stat that in 1994, the Rangers swept the first round.
And then the Knicks were like up 3-1 and went to the finals.
Like, will it happen again?
Well, sure as shit.
The Knicks ended up losing last night.
I'm kind of all over the map here.
But I think there's some 1994 magic with this Rangers team.
I don't have them winning the Stanley Cup.
But I have them winning this series
in a classic all-time closely fought series
back and forth where it's 1-1 after the games in MSG.
It's 2-2 after the games in Carolina.
And then maybe they go back and forth home winners
and the Rangers get it done at home in game seven.
Trochek has a lot to play for.
Not only is he playing for the Stanley Cup,
Carolina got rid of him.
I just think that the Rangers and their goaltending will end up being up on top,
but it's going to be unbelievable hockey, and I'm on the rags.
Biz Nasty, what do you have for us, buddy?
I got the for reals.
He's in six.
Oh, he's mushing you.
He's trying to mush you, Rangers fans.
I know what he's doing.
No, no. I know what he's doing. No, no.
I know what he's doing.
I agree with you, Witt.
I think it's going to come down to goaltending.
I mean, Anderson's been incredible, but he's no Shusterkin.
I don't think that Carolina faced a back end in the first round
like they're about to witness in round two.
Aside from the five mutants they have who play strong in front of the net, much like Florida did last year, where I feel
like the small forwards for Carolina are not going to be able to get to the net front
and to the paint like they were in round one. They haven't dealt with a
defenseman. Hey, they had Noah Dobson in round one. Boys,
he ain't no Adam Fox. Adam Fox is the modern day
Sergei Zubov. I think he's going to have a huge, huge, huge component to this series,
especially on special teams in the power play,
which I think will flourish on what is typically an unreal PK team in Carolina.
And the other thing, too, is Carolina plays that man-on-man D.
What I saw as far as offensive zone movement from the New York Rangers
and the pick plays and how they play, they get that forward lost up top.
Sometimes you see them three across the blue line.
I think that they're going to create a lot of problems for that man on Mandy,
and we're going to see a lot of breakdowns for the Carolina Hurricanes
in which they're not going to be able to adjust.
The Fugazis have turned into the Farilsis.
What's his name?
Their goalie.
Help me out here.
Shusterkin has found his game,
and I think that they're going to be a threat.
I have a little hot take or a prediction.
Not the craziest prediction.
Jacob Trubo will throw a hit in this series
where he's either suspended
or people are losing their mind that he wasn't suspended.
He is going to crush someone, and there's going to be the internet ablaze and everyone's going
to be talking about another Trouba truck stick.
He's the new Tom Wilson.
Not the craziest call I've ever made, but he's going to be flying around trying to kill
guys on Carolina.
He usually does that.
So it's not nuts to say, but this series, you're going to see it.
You're going to see it from him. Gee, what do you have for us, buddy? Ranges Carolina.
I've been to a playoff game at MSG, and I've been to a regular season game at the Hurricanes Arena,
and I would say the Hurricanes Arena during the regular season was actually louder.
I think they have a significant home ice advantage. So there's something about this
Hurricanes team to this year where it just, I, it just feels like their year. So I love the
Hurricanes. I think the Hurricanes do it in six games. I'm not as bullish on this Rangers team
as much as you guys are. Yeah. So, so I like, why is that? Why is that? I just don't think
they're built for a playoff run.
I just don't think, like Merles has said before,
like Adam Fox, number one guy, he's an incredible defenseman.
You need some big guys out there.
They have Trouba.
They have Keiondre Miller.
But I've just never really been sold on the Rangers either.
Just like I don't think their top six is as good as people make it out to be.
Mika Zibinijad, he plays for four games.
He's the best player on the ice. He disappears for five games. You never see him
again. So, yeah, that's kind of where I
stand. Okay.
All right. I agree with GX. I got Carolina
in six as well. I think, same
logic. I just, for lack of a better
term, they do. I mean, they've been beating at this door
for a while now. A couple of, what do you
call it, conference finals they couldn't get past
and Gensel. What's his name
there? Kuznetsov.
Those are huge pickups.
We just saw the last game with the effect they had.
Yeah, I got Carolina on six as well.
Wouldn't surprise me at all.
Here's my prediction for the series, R.A.,
is that there's going to be a controversial call,
and we're going to see an iconic Rob Brindamore press conference
with him losing his mind.
He has been calm as a cucumber here.
He was calm first round.
He was calm, right?
It's boiling up.
It's boiling up.
It's sizzling, baby.
It's like a volcano.
It's ready to erupt.
We need you to have you there, Biz, for that press up.
Make sure you ask the first question.
You're going to see the vein in his forehead popping out,
and he's going to say something to get himself fined,
and they're going to get fucking hosed because, of course,
the Rangers are going to get whatever they want because they're one of the original six.
I'm telling you it's going to happen.
That's my prediction.
You mentioned Brindamore, and there was an article in The Score today
about Brindamore, and he apparently is very unsure
about his future in Carolina.
Here's the quote.
Confidence say he has become unsure about his future in Carolina,
according to a source familiar with those conversations via the news and observers, Luke DeCock.
You don't think Ronnie Francis is going to get ownership in Seattle to throw the bag at Rob Brindamore?
Oh, well, perfect segue, Biz.
One more thing.
Gensel, he's always kind of owned the Rangers.
First ever goal, first ever game, first ever shot against the Rangers playoffs
as the Penguins played him.
So that is a scary player.
Every team has their killer.
Gensel's a Rangers killer, but I still got the Rangers.
Go ahead over to Seattle and Haxtell getting the ax, R.A.
Yeah, three seasons.
That included a surprise two-series playoff run in year two.
Seattle cracking a fired head coach, Dave Haxtell.
He went 107, 112, and 27
in his three years. Emily Kaplan
from ESPN reported that in player exit
meetings, a lot of players indicated they didn't
want to play for him anymore, refused to play
for him anymore. That's a little surprising to hear,
but I don't know. Somewhat shocking, somewhat not
shocking. What I can tell you is that Ron Francis did
not want to make this move. Dave Haxtell
is now one of four coaches who lost their
jobs this cycle who didn't even have their extension kick in yet but i was told at the exit meetings with players there
was a handful of players and pretty significant players who made it clear to management i don't
want to play on this team in the future if dave haxell is still the coach and that forced them
to make a change paul mcfarland and assistant also didn't have his contract renewed. That is a damning report by Emily Kaplan.
Good reporting.
The craziest part of that for me is that four coaches have signed extensions
and then been fired before the extension.
What the fuck?
What a gig.
That is insane.
Yeah, no shit, R.A.
Oh, my God.
How does that happen? how are you that sure of
giving a guy an extension we love you as our coach and then gassing him before the thing even starts
biz well i i when we had the denver coach on carl he said he goes the turnover in the nhl right now
as far as head coaches is crazy um it seems so fickle where all of a sudden a couple of players who aren't happy
with the head coach, all of a sudden he's gone.
That's crazy.
My wheels started spinning.
I'm drawing a blank on their first line center who had a tough year.
McCann?
No.
Beneers?
Who could have the type of impact where he walked in a meeting to say,
and I'm not speculating either, but for guys to go in and say they can't play for this head coach after
I felt that they'd established a pretty good culture over the past couple of seasons.
And even from when the cameras were in the locker room, when they were at the winter
classic, it felt like he had a good sense of the locker room and it seemed like the
guys love playing for him.
And clearly things fizzled out towards the back half of the season.
But I guess it goes back to when he was with the Flyers.
It seems like he brought in that college style of coaching where he's a little hard on the players.
And when you treat them a certain way, it works at one level where it won't work at the next.
And maybe that rubbed off on the players eventually to where they're saying, hey, peace out. We don't want you as a head coach anymore. But very surprising given the
fact that they went to the second round last year after knocking off the defending Stanley
Cup champions. And then, yeah, obviously not the same season they have, but they also dealt
with a crazy amount of injuries and a tough Western Conference. So when your first side
center puts in what, Matty Beneers, where you have 15 goals this year,
it's going to be tough to win in the National Hockey League
and make playoffs.
So I don't think all the onus is on Haxtell.
I was shocked to hear these reports
and shocked at the fact that he ended up getting canned.
But that's the new NHL for you guys.
That's probably one part of the new NHL.
I'm like, ah.
Kind of like, wait, players can just go in now and be like,
I'm not playing unless this guy gets gas.
Imagine Ron Francis when he played the game,
how coaches treated players at times.
Not saying it was always correct, but that is a new NHL move right there.
Like, I'm done.
I don't want to play for this guy.
He better have been miserable
to people and an absolute
prick if you're going in and you're
just basically like, I don't want to play.
Terrian was hard as shit on me. I never even
considered saying that.
Now, granted, I didn't have pull with teams I was
on, but it wouldn't even have gone through
my head to be like, fire this guy or I'm done.
Yeah, I wonder
how many players a GM has to hear to consider, oh shit, man, I can't bring this guy or I'm done yeah I wonder with like the how many players like a GM
has to hear from to like to consider oh shit
man I can't bring this guy back because you know obviously
they're not going to call these guys bluff I mean guys
say oh I'm not going to play I mean what are they going to send them
the minors or whatever so I wonder what the parameters
are there what what player
do you think could walk in to have a type
of impact where if they said that
I would say turbo
uh gun Larson debbie larson
veneers like who else could go in there and say that where they're actually i'm thinking i'm just
thinking of like solid eberly and i can't i'm just we're listing off their key players yeah
bjorkstrand but like none of them they're all they're an expansion team none of them are
significant players they're all cast offs veneers maybe he's the top pick he's like they're one guy
yeah but i mean i don't i think it's all smoke and mirrors because he's getting given roddy
brindamore eight times eight or something that's what i was kind of getting to was who would be
able to say that to it to have an impact and veneers played a second year all these other
guys it
ain't like they're like gonna be there for the next 10 12 years they're all gonna be gone from
matt benears biz and like meeting him when we interviewed him i would be shocked exactly if
that kid went in and said that like i just don't picture that yeah yeah he played college he knows
the college system like that's another college coach. He's used to that.
Yeah, plus he's a young guy.
I don't think a young guy like that's going to say that type of stuff.
Probably a little gun-shy at this point.
Yeah, I bet it was all veterans.
But either way, he's gone.
They'll be looking for a new coach.
We do have some finalists to announce.
The call to finalists, no surprise here.
Connor Bedard, Brock Faber, who you'll be hearing from soon on this broadcast,
and Luke Hughes.
No surprise.
Bedard's going to win it, right?
I mean, it's a great idea for Faber to have it.
Somebody said it was Bowie who fucking ratted out Haxtell.
Yeah.
Bowie wouldn't mask off for Haxtell anymore.
Here's the thing about the Calder Trophy is I think a lot of people figured Bedard would get it.
Nobody considered it to end up being as close of a race
with a lot of people thinking Faber deserves it more.
He was right there.
He was that good.
So many other years,
that guy's taken down Rookie of the Year honors.
It just happened to be with this generational unicorn talent
coming in and exceeding expectations
that were already incredibly high.
So Bedard's the winner, and Faber's like your 1B.
He was awesome this year.
So the finalists, though, made total sense to me.
Yeah, no surprise there.
We had the Norris finalists announced as well.
Biz, we got Quinn Hughes, Roman Yossi, and Cael McCaw,
basically the highest-scored offensive defenseman out there.
It's no longer about defense anymore.
We say that all the time, but who are you giving it to, Biz?
Well, these guys do it all, right?
I would say that Yossi
What do you mean?
Do they do it all?
Did he block the shot last night?
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Did he clear the front of the net last night?
They do a lot. They do a lot. They do most of it. Did he block the shot last night? Oh, for fuck's sake. Did he clear the front of the net last night?
They do a lot. You know, they do most of it.
I think the best defenseman in the world is easily Kael McCarr.
I think that based on a full body of work this season
and how valuable he was to his team,
I think that Quinn Hughes is going to win it.
Me too.
I honestly think that if you interviewed all 32 GMs,
McCarr would beat out McDavid as far as what GMs would select
which player first overall, based on the impact and ice time
they can play in a game.
And, of course, age being a factor.
I think that, like, you know, I think Kael McCarr should win it.
I think Quinn Hughes will, based on Canadian media,
getting more votes and voting him first overall.
That's just how it's going to go.
And I'm okay with Quinn Hughes eventually winning one of them.
But I think by the time it's all said and done,
Kael McCarr is going to have four or five.
And he's going to go down as the greatest defenseman of all time.
Yeah.
Quinn definitely had a lot more buzz this year.
Hey,
Merle's,
did you get cut by Vancouver at some point and never tell us or what?
No,
I'm just,
I mean,
it just keeps happening.
It just,
it's just happening for me.
It's just popping up.
They're not built for this.
Trouble with the boys.
Uh,
boys,
any other,
uh,
hockey notes,
uh,
outside,
uh,
hockey world.
You want to,
as the official scorekeeper,
I got to add from the preview, Pasha has the Canes in six,
and I make a point of that, of Pasha.
You wouldn't think it, but after the four series that have completed,
he is the leader in the clubhouse at 4-0.
Biz, 3-1.
Witt, 3-1.
G, 3-1.
Army, 3-1. Meansy, 3-1. Merle's, 3 and 1. Witt 3 and 1. G 3 and 1. Army 3 and 1.
Meansy 3 and 1. Merles 3
and 1.
RA 1 and 3.
So that's after.
Holy fuck.
Holy shit.
Hey Merles, game notes.
Coming Friday, right? Game notes
will be Friday. I'm not sure the time because
now Army just got called back to TNT, I guess.
But in game notes fashion, let me give you some picks.
I already gave you the  what did I give you guys?
The Oilers already?
I'll give you the Vegas ones.
Marshall Show over half a point.
Johnston over half a point.
A goal in the first 10.
It's boosted up on DraftKings to plus 100.
I love that action.
And then Vegas
baby Vegas money line
plus 136
you're giving me that all-star team
I think they're they're gonna like
wake up and show up as the veterans they
are
last pick hurdle anytime
goal scorer from the Vegas insider
plus 285
arm Zempik, Oilers, and
Vegas minus one and a half parlay. That's a lot
of picks. Oh, that's a big parlay.
Alright. Alright.
Alright, gang.
Great show. Hopefully everybody enjoyed it. We'll see
you next Monday for the next
version of Spitting Chicklets.
People say I'm smoking crack
because I said McCarr will end up being better
than Bobby Orr. Now to
Bobby Orr. I, to Bobby Orr.
I can't believe I didn't fight that.
I went like this.
Or even Lidstrom.
I think Lidstrom got, what do you have, seven or eight Norrises?
Yeah.
But watching Kael Makar, he's clearly visibly more dominant than what Lidstrom was.
Lidstrom did it quietly.
Dude. What do you mean?
Fuck me, bro.
Watching the game, you don't think that he's got more of an impact?
He is a more dynamic skater,
buddy, for 20 fucking years.
Nick Lidstrom didn't get beat,
didn't get hit, didn't make
mistakes, didn't turn the puck over.
I'm not saying Kael McCarr isn't on track
to become one of the top three,
if not maybe the best defenseman ever.
But you can't say just because Lidstrom didn't fly around
with the offensive explosion skating stride McCarr has
that he wasn't as dominant.
I would say that high-end Kale McCarr is better than high-end Nick Lidstrom.
Let's put it to a vote, G.
Get in the chat.
I seem to lose these arguments to you quite a bit.
Nick Lidstrom was my favorite player, my hero growing up,
so I'm just kind of coming at you right now.
But Nick Lidstrom was different.
It didn't look the same way, but it was dominance, dude.
Yeah, I understand.
They also had an unreal team with seven-haller famers for a long time
in a non-cap era.
So he was also surrounded by a lot of greatness as well.
Not to say that Makar hasn't been.
But I would just say if Makar is able to sustain what he's done the last
two, three seasons and keep it going, like every time he breaks a stat,
he's in the same category as Bobby Orr.
Like I think he was the fastest defenseman of 250 points, wasn't he?
Or second behind Bobby Orr.
Now to Bobby Orr's defense, I think that he, six seasons,
he was 40 or more points greater than the next defenseman.
And in one of those seasons,
he was 70 points more than the next defenseman. And in one of those seasons, he was 70 points more than the next defenseman below him.
So what he did to revolutionize the position and how much greater he was for those eight,
let's say eight to 10 years, but from a longevity perspective and what I think will be an extremely
long career for Cale McCarr and watching him night in night out in today's NHL, given the,
the, the level playing field of how good players are and the fact that he's able to do what
he did against the Winnipeg Jets, like take it below the goal line and go end to end.
Like Lidstrom wasn't really dominating the game offensively the way that Cale McCarr
is.
And you could say, but he was able to walk the line with his head up and filter shots through
with great screens and make great plays offensively.
But let's not sit here and say that high end offensive McCarr is not as good
as Nick Lindstrom high ends.
I didn't say that,
but I was about to say like defensively,
like I agree,
like McCarr is incredible. But for you just to immediately say after what, five seasons that like, I agree. Like, McCarr's incredible.
But for you just to immediately say after, what, five seasons
that, like, he's better than Lindstrom, I think that's a little crazy.
He's on a trajectory to be better, in my opinion.
Just like I said, Austin Matthews was on a trajectory
to be the greatest goal scorer of all time.
And he's dummying Ovi's records from a game and goals perspective right now.
He's on pace to beat him.
So would you say based on the dynamic aspect of Makar's
yeah, Makar's so dynamic.
You're talking about his skating and how he looks when you're watching the game.
Is McDavid better than Gretzky?
I would say
Do you know what I mean by that?
Where if you watch him skate, like it's different.
No, no, no.
I would say no, because at the time period Gretzky compared to his peers were just that
much better.
Like I said, the high end, like Bobby or, but we're also talking about like the, I mean,
buddy, like you're talking about a guy who has more assist than the next player has points
here.
I mean, buddy, you're talking about a guy who has more assists than the next player has points here.
So we're talking a little bit apples and oranges,
and also the fact that Gretzky was able to do it for as long as he did.
Bobby Orr was limited to the amount of years he played due to injury,
but going back to the Lidstrom argument,
I would say if you looked at high-end offense,
Makar is greater and more impactful.
Defensively, I would say, let's say it's a wash
because if you watch Makar play and how fast he is,
and I would say that he plays a little bit more physical
than Lindstrom did.
I would say he probably wins net front battles
a little bit more than Lindstrom did.
I'll give you physical.
I will not say net front battles.
Okay, from a neurological perspective,
I would say that they're even in how smart they were and how they processed the game.
I would say that from an overall perspective and how much he shines more than his peers, I would give it to Makar.
And I think he's on a trajectory to be better than him.
And I think if he can sustain what he's been doing so far in his first what six seasons that he will be
better than Bobby or based on
a full body of work so I'll
leave it at that and to the people in the chat
saying I'm smoking crack I've said
my piece
and you smoked it
I think it was a good argument
100 no you made
great points I think it's just like
Lidstrom just did it for so long that, yes,
there's arguments to be made, but you just got to let it breathe.
I think McCarver would have to do this for like 12 more years, dude.
Lidstrom did it 20 seasons.
And I think he will.
And he could.
And I think he will.
All right.
Nice little discussion at the end of the show.
Game notes coming to you Friday.
Chickens will be back next week.
Great, great hockey in store tonight and the rest of the week.
Love all you guys.
Love you.
Adios.
You can get liquor cheap, but how much is your love?
They say you're drunk and speech is just so good I like to poke the bear, I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Now the week rolls in, we're on the road again Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell, yeah
She had it with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She had it with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
You've been so on time
