Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
It's my duty to please the booty.
And Muzz got mad at me. The coach said, he goes, Jesus Christ, why don't you just wear two nines?
And I went, okay.
Stop! I'll stretch the car!
Please, please, please never do that.
Yep.
Stop. Please, please, please never do that. Yep. Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 498 of Spittin' Chick.
Let's present it by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the old Boston Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, everyone?
We are down to the final eight teams.
Getting to the nitty gritty, so let's jump right into it.
Say hi to the boys.
Paul, Ms. Nasty, Ms. Annette, how we doing, buddy?
That was your best.
Hello, everybody, in the last few pods.
All right, high stepping out of the gate.
I'm here in Arizona.
We got three days off.
I got to come back, see the puppies.
And yeah, no, it's been a good couple of days.
Not doing much else other than just consuming hockey.
And I think it was you last pod, Witt,
who said that you were amped up for the second round with these matchups.
I mean, maybe you could say the Florida-Boston game
wasn't great, but every other game has been unbelievable.
Oh, it's fantastic.
Down the wire. This hockey
is 10 out of 10,
and these teams, I think every
team has a sniff to win it.
Every fucking team right now.
Absolutely. No doubt about it. I thought the Bruins game
was fantastic, personally, but let's go to
Robert. You just got a hand towards the end. I meant
just as like down to the wire, but
incredible.
I think the Canucks can win the Cup.
Apparently, we got Bob Stauffer is like down to the wire. But it's been incredible. Can win the cup. I apparently after Bob,
we got Bob Stauffer coming on.
I thought it was going to be
Oilers in five.
And he's all of a sudden concerned
about the Vancouver Canucks.
Petey's out with the flu.
I think with no with no Petey,
especially the way
that he's been playing,
they ain't a chicken dicks chance
that they could beat the Oilers.
But I'm interested to hear
Stauff's theory on what makes the Vancouver Canucks
such a challenge in this series coming up.
So we'll hear from that man later.
But as far as right now, boys, hockey is on a heater.
I'm supposed to like I was saying, producer Mikey Grinnelli.
What's going on, buddy?
Our team's up one.
Oh, looking good.
The X factor.
Wow.
What a call, Chief.
I was called an idiot.
I was told he's on an AHL contract.
And who scores one of the biggest goals of the game?
Justin Brazzo.
Yeah, just an awesome game all around.
I also had the Brandon Carlo call before the game.
I got to be honest.
I didn't put money on it, though.
It wasn't available on DraftKings when I originally tweeted Brandon Carlo anytime goal scorer.
But the Bs look awesome. A lot of hockey left to left to play though i'm not going to get ahead of myself i feel like everyone's probably expecting me to jump on here and be an idiot get
ahead of myself a lot of hockey left to be played here you guys gotta be proud of that bottom six
for the bruins right oh my god all these guys are coming into the coming into their own at the
perfect time yeah they said like said it on the last show.
They've been arguably the best line throughout the whole playoff so far.
I think, I mean, the fact that the Bruins are playing this well
and they still haven't gotten any offense from Pavel Zaka
and Charlie Coyle is almost a good sign.
They're going to turn it on eventually.
Good stuff, Drew. Good stuff.
Next up, the wit dog, the new dad, Ryan Whitney.
How's everything going, pal?
With the new guy.
Uh-oh, is Witty Wi-Fi back?
You think Canucks fans are fucking with his Wi-Fi?
He just stared me in the back.
We lost him.
Oh, the wit dog.
Oh, man.
I'll keep it rolling along.
It was interesting, Biz.
We told that story last week about how Bree got the eggplant palm and ended up breaking
our water.
I thought it was pretty crazy.
Everything started with an eggplant, and then it finished with an eggplant too, right?
Hey, I will say-
It's with the Crosby one knee drop.
I didn't even realize you said that, Biz.
That's fucking hilarious.
No, I love it.
Great execution.
That's how he gets it done.
Great execution.
Sometimes you got to get that leverage, dude. So I was so caught up in the story. Hold on, Biz. Great execution. That's how he gets it done. Great execution. Sometimes you got to get that leverage, dude.
So I was so caught up. Hold on, hold on,
hold on because I got to talk about how this show is presented by pink
Whitney. Don't get ahead of yourself there, buddy.
I know you got to see your puppies, but we got to talk about pink Whitney.
We got to talk about new Amsterdam and we got to talk about this time of
season, playoff hockey, playoff basketball for you.
Basketball lovers out there. Pink Whitney's big in the basketball
community. I know, who would have believed it,
but it is. And also,
I'd like to say, all you wonderful
people in Vancouver, go out and buy a bottle.
Support me. Support this brand.
Support this show. I know,
I know you guys love Ryan Whitney
and I know you respect the drink that I
created. So please, as everyone else
who's gotten involved and enjoyed Pink Whitney all across the land, bars, at the liquor store, wherever, go buy a drink.
Go take a shot and go have a grand old day starting off a little Pink Whitney.
Pink Whitney in the morning.
It's 5 o'clock somewhere.
So shout out to New Amsterdam.
Shout out to Pink Whitney.
Take your shot.
So, Biz, go ahead.
Go ahead, Biz.
I'm not going to chirp you.
R.A. brought up the eggplant.
If I would have told that story, do you understand how much you would have ruined me on this podcast about this eggplant theory?
And it basically forced me out of the baby?
It's not really a theory.
It's a known fact.
Google it.
Scalini's, Cobb County, Georgia.
Actually, Derek Nesbitt texted me, and he's like, dude, me and my wife went there because we really wanted to get into labor, but it didn't work for her.
I'm telling you, this isn't some random theory.
This isn't some Vancouver Canucks.
The refs are out to get us.
The league hates us.
Eastern bias media.
This is a fact. You eat this eggplant recipe from Scalini's, and your kid's getting Crosby one knee down on the ground,
dropped to the floor, and then just getting a quick cry
after you slap him in the back.
Can we bring in our first guest?
And we got to talk.
Keith Yandel.
A couple clicks, a couple clicks.
KY, Keith Yandel.
Thanks for joining us, buddy.
First of all, I'm glad you weren't
left in purgatory behind the scenes this entire time like apparently that happened last if i would
have told this eggplant story about me and my old lady doing it in order to give birth how bad would
you and wit have ruined me tell me just be honest well it would have been he said she said if you
did it but like it's obviously something that is a proven fact like you would have been he said she said if you did it but like it's obviously something that is
a proven fact like you would have been like oh i read on twitter one time that oh like wit had
wit had the facts behind him it worked for him twice right what facts he just said that derrick
nesbitt tried and it didn't work like it doesn't work for everyone but hey listen if there's
hundreds of pictures and people have been through it,
Biz, listen to me.
Let's talk about you just getting a girl to settle down with before we talk about you telling stories of her giving birth.
Okay?
You got your puppies.
If you told a story that you had some eggplant puppy treats and then your puppy took a big poop in the backyard,
I wouldn't chirp you.
I wouldn't chirp you because it worked.
Yes, you would. Yes, you would.
Yes, you would.
You would ruin me.
You would ruin me.
Wait, didn't Shazi, our friend Mike Shaw,
who owns a couple of restaurants,
didn't he have something like that too?
Where a couple of, you know, some spicy dish
that put a couple girls in?
No, it was probably coffee.
Got all the shit out, cleared out the system.
Maybe a spicy ala vodka.
I don't know what it was.
Now, is it something about the eggplant that has like an enzyme or some form of chemical that like makes you like dilate or something?
Oh, that's above my pay grade.
I don't think there's anything above anything besides the fact that it started happening and it became this thing where this restaurant is now known for now dude is this scientifically proven no did i come on the show
on two hours sleep and describe the story into how my wife went into labor to give birth to our third
son yes if you were gonna rip me you could have ripped me then but you had to sit on it for a
couple days and come back you would have made fun of me if i told that story so do you think that
the placebo affects the placenta like is that kind of like the placenta could have tasted a
little bit like eggplant who knows that's where you start getting into the weeds of this whole
thing and by no means am i chirping you for this i'm just saying i felt like that was something
after listening to it. I was like,
okay, if I would have said that, I'm pretty sure I would
have got ruined, but we can move on.
R.A., do you at least agree with that if I would
have said something like that?
He's going to shit on you no matter what you say.
Okay, maybe it just doesn't
matter what's said.
Kind of a weird question.
It's standard for me. How does the birth
certificate process play out when you have a home birth?
Because in a hospital, it's more of a formality to it.
So it's a big document to have when you're born.
So one of the big ways to go.
Go to town hall.
Today was actually went into the doctors, and then she called the pediatrician.
And then they're always like, get in here right now.
Because I think they're worried about women having rogue home births.
So you kind of wait a little bit to call, and then they still are a little bit angry that you didn't
call right away she went over today and then you go to uh town hall after the doctor faxes over
some info and boom you pick up that birth certificate yeah you just mentioned uh shawzy's
place i've had two people text me since you mentioned that and said the loco chips have induced childbirth for them
this is now you're welcome wow tortilla chips now it's a fruit that contains many nutrients
that are good for the body during pregnancy eggplant chips if you eat too much
they're eggplant chips chips. All right. Good to know.
Now I got to get this story.
So Jens,
you were coming on the podcast one time and like G forgot to bring you out of
the back or something.
Skipped golf.
Yeah.
So G G text me,
whatever.
Say it's last Wednesday.
Put him on mute for a second.
I came with receipts,
boys.
You have to go back to purgatory.
Where's the story? I've told you got no receipts to back
this one up. You guys didn't answer.
We're on a show.
How are we supposed to be on our phone? I texted you
before the show. You guys told me two days
before you wanted Yans on. I texted you before
the show. I said, do you guys still want
Yans? Because Biz mentioned that we might go
no guests now. So I said, do you guys still want
Yans? No answer.
So I'm like, fuck.
And then during the show, I texted you guys as well.
Should I bring Yans on?
No answer again.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's get Keyside.
But quickly, Biz, if we were sitting here recording not on our phones and he all of a sudden popped in Yans, do you think we would have been like upset?
I would have quit the pod.
I would have definitely quit.
I resigned.
I would have gone to me. I resigned okay so let's hear it was last wednesday i think it was i get a text from g
hey can you come on the pod i'm like yeah i got hubie in town i haven't seen him in a few months
maybe over a year i'm gonna take him golfing um i go i'll be able to fit it in. He was like, all right, 12 o'clock,
I think it was. So we finished our nine right at 12, planned it perfectly. Go in, sit in the office
at the golf course for a little bit, sitting by my phone, waiting for a phone call or a text in,
like, all right, come on in. I sat there, missed the whole back nine, miss hanging out with my
friend Hubie, who I haven't seen in 18 months. um at the end of the day lost money golfing too because i wasn't able to finish so
so my understanding is that you were coming on the podcast and i don't remember seeing the
follow-up text i remember hearing that you were going to be on the golf course with hubie so i
thought that it would be cool if even if you guys did a quick hit 10 minutes from the cart
right if that's even legal maybe get a couple of mj backstrokes him smoking the stogie and and So I thought that it would be cool if even if you guys did a quick hit 10 minutes from the cart, right?
If that's even legal, maybe get a couple of MJ backstrokes, him smoking the stogie and maybe shitting on wit again.
He wasn't in a swimming pool.
Backstrokes?
Oh, like a backswing, backswing, backswing.
Oh, okay. I got you.
All right, all right. We'll throw it back over to you since G left him in purgatory last time.
Where do you want to start?
Well, we have Yandel on, so I think we should talk about the Rangers.
Unbelievable game last night.
Double overtime.
Only, what, the third overtime?
A second overtime game?
Second multiple overtime game of the playoffs so far.
A little bit of a controversy.
The overtime penalty on Brady Shea.
A lot of people thought it was a chintzy call.
I thought it was. I thought it was.
Whit thought it was.
Either way, Rangers have a 2-0 series lead.
KY, let's go to you on this one.
Your boy Vinny Trocek absolutely on a tear.
Are you surprised by, A, the regular season he had,
and, B, the playoffs he's having?
Hence why I got the gold chain out.
Hey, yo, is that an Italian horn or no?
I got the Vinny Trocek. Hey, Paisano.
Paisano.
It's Vinny Trocek season, boys.
The guy is an absolute weapon out there.
Couldn't be more perfect fit for New York.
He's Italian.
He works his absolute buns off, and he's just a fan favorite in that city already.
You can just tell.
I knew when he went there he was going to love it.
They were going to love him there.
He's been playing amazing hockey, putting the team on his back when he needs to,
winning face-offs at a clip like I've never seen.
It's unbelievable.
He kills penalties.
He's amazing on the power play.
He gets in on the forecheck.
The guy's been lights out for them.
Just been a fun guy to watch.
And he's the one who drew that penalty as well.
He fucking literally is doing everything.
Yeah.
The most important thing I'd say, or one of them,
in this day and age of the NHL, dude, what does he make?
5'8"?
It's crazy.
He's capped it.
It's great.
And I remember when he signed that deal, I'm like, that's a good deal.
Like, you would have thought he could have maybe got a little bit more.
Not to mention, he is doing this against a former team so there's always this sense of like um all right fuck these
guys like i'm gonna prove them wrong i i i'm out to get these guys and with adam fox and keandre
miller and defense always playing more minutes he led the team in ice time in a long ass game yeah it's just you don't see that from
forwards and and especially a guy who's up and down the ice he's dealing with the defensive
responsibilities he's getting it done off so i think that's five straight games with a goal for
him just an amazing performance and when you could when you get guys that are making that amount of
money performing as the best player on the team, then you're really laughing because you know that Panarin's showing up.
You know Adam Fox is always doing his thing.
But Trochek, he's exceeded all expectations.
And I tweeted out last night, I played with him in San Antonio,
and right away I was like, holy shit.
An American kid that I didn't know much about, he had played in the OHL
and kind of had never heard of me, so much younger than I was.
And I was like, oh, my God.
Like, they were just kind of putting him down there.
Maybe let him learn the pro game a little bit.
He had no business in the AHL.
And when he went up, I knew he'd never be back.
So it's incredible to see.
And I just I couldn't get over leading the team in ice time because, Biz, you'd agree.
Like you're skating so much more up front than you are on D that as that game goes on,
you've got to be cast.
You couldn't tell at all with him.
Well, I mean, as you guys know, I played both positions, right?
That's true.
I played D in practice in the NHL, but insane,
especially with a D man like Adam Fox on the team,
where normally if you have like that 1A D man,
he's lugging more minutes than any other D.
But I guess because they have such a well-balanced back end that wasn't the case well keith i'll throw it back over to you are you surprised he's he's winning as many draws as he is
and i also view him he's from pittsburgh right and so is jt miller yeah i almost view him as as
very similar players where they can get under their opponent's skin.
And even maybe Troach isn't as physical as JT Miller.
You might disagree with that.
But even a couple of times, like after these scrums, you see Troach kind of taunting the opponent.
So he's got that jam and that fire, much like JT Miller.
Is it something with these fucking kids from Pittsburgh?
Yeah, I think so.
I mean, I think JT is actually from Ohio,
but I think close to Pittsburgh, but same difference.
But yeah, I think they do play a lot of the same way.
I used to give Troach a hard time.
Every single game he'd have like a cut on his nose
or his mouth would be bleeding.
Like he's always in the shit, just little shit to start.
But I think he's a little smaller than Millsy,
so it takes him a little bit more to get in there.
But he is always first guy in on the four check, always no giving up.
I think, honestly, you'd have to ask him, but the face-off thing,
I'd bet him going to Carolina and learning from Jordan Stahl face-off-wise.
Jordan Stahl has been a horse in the face-off circle for the last 18 years probably like i bet that helped him a lot in florida he was always really good on his
four on his backhand he does a lot of the crosby move now when he's on his forehand smacking off
the boards up to the d-man so i think he's just learned a lot of tricks to to help him win draws
and he's got that low center of gravity his nose is massive so it's basically
touching the ice every time he's taking a draw um just one of those guys he puts his face on the
line literally every single game good for hawkers at the after hours too ferrara ferrara brought up
on the broadcast that last night he actually was struggling i think going in he was 68 or 69
leading the league in the playoffs at faceoffs and then then at one point last night, he was like five and 11.
But on a night when you don't have one of your strengths, he just he just picked it up another way.
He gets the game winning goal. But it was interesting because for I was saying as a center, which I know nothing about, obviously, like some nights you just you like can't figure out your timing.
Whatever you're trying isn't working, but you pick up your game in other ways.
It is it is crazy to notice that I noticed in the playoffs,
face-offs matter so much more.
Like just starting with possession, getting out of your zone easier.
It's so magnified once you get into the second season.
Second thing about Troach was he was so dirty.
Keith, I don't know if you play with him.
Maybe a little different than HL.
He's weird guys.
He butt-ended guys.
He didn't give a shit.
He had that Pittsburgh mentality, that blue collar where you got to be a prick out there.
Some people get all their panties in a bunch, but he is a prick.
And I think being a little undersized, he's always had to do that.
Yeah, and I think that's why they love him in New York because he's always in the mix.
He's always...
Because he's a dirtbag?
Not like... I meant like on the ice because he's a dirtbag.
No, he plays the game hard.
He plays the game hard.
Yeah.
That kind of caught you off guard there.
Let's talk about the controversy here.
Like what do you guys make of that penalty call?
Everybody  I mean your panties weren't a bunch online wit.
R.A., you were buzzing about it. Yeah, I'll get your feelings on it first. make of that penalty call everybody i mean your panties weren't a bunch online wit all right you
were buzzing about it uh yeah i'll get your feelings on it first i think for playoff especially
in overtime i think that it's a weak call i don't think it should be called it's not around the net
he was kind of you know trying to get his space above you push on the guy's pant and he loses
balance yet and we we all know when you get pushed on the back of the pants like that,
it's tough to keep your balance.
But I think it's one of those things you let it play on.
You know, nothing's going to come of it,
whether it's for the other team or their team.
So I think it's one of those things you let play on.
And you don't want to see any overtime games won on a power play.
But happy for Troach, happy happy drew the penalty and you know kind
of stinks too because i know him and brady shea are close buddies they played together uh two two
great americans so uh you hate to see that it was brady that took the penalty as well i i disagree
with you guys a little bit the more i watch it the more that i thought it was worth a penalty
and the fact that carolina had already had two power plays like I
felt that's I hate that argument what are you blatant okay so okay so Yans just said that oh
he's not in a scoring area so that's okay wit we all know that look at like if when he goes he's
probably about here right so he extends his arm with that cross check would you say about 45
degrees which is probably the most powerful part of it.
So my thought is it was more a push than a cross check.
I think that's the difference.
Bro, he pushes them, as we know, right in that spot where you're taught as a kid,
if you want to knock a player off balance,
especially if you're a defenseman battling in the net front
and the point shot's coming, where do you hit the guy?
You attack like where the top hit the guy you you you
attack like where the top of the pant or right off that hip and especially at the fact that he was
cutting in and he was on his blades on that certain angle when you push that guy all the momentum
then and all your weight shifts to your heels so obviously you're going to skid out yeah it
not in a scoring position makes people infuriated about the call,
but you're telling me, though, that if that was in front of the net,
then you would have been okay with it?
Well, I actually think that in front of the net,
that's less likely to get called because I think in front of the net,
they're really battling, whereas that's open ice.
Now, I want to be way out in the open with this.
I bet Carolina.
What do you think I'm going to think about the call?
But the other side of it, which I do, the more I watched it,
and then after as I cooled off,
there was a chance Brady Shea could have got a breakaway.
I don't remember exactly where the puck went after that.
I thought it kind of went along the blue line
where it wouldn't have created
like a one-on-one chance, a breakaway for Brady Shea.
That is the side of like the ref looking at it.
Like you're creating a grade A scoring chance for yourself by taking him down.
It's just to me, if it's one thing, if he skates up to him and it's a vicious
like cross check, like we're talking, I think there's a huge difference
between that and a push down on the pants.
It's like, I just didn't see enough um what's yeah but if you would have given him a full
crosscheck and he would have got him like in the shoulder area he wouldn't have skidded out like
that and and like you just talked about if all of a sudden he goes on a breakaway what you got
carolina with two power plays and then that that that guy can do that in order to create a chance
going the other way.
I think that ultimately, buddy, the first two games comes down to special teams.
You've got the New York Rangers 4-9 on the power play,
and then you've got a big goose egg 0-10 for Carolina.
That's the story right there.
Not that chintzy call, in my opinion.
To me, that had to be given this the fact that the standard had
been set not only in overtime but throughout the whole game like i thought it was even a
bullshit call on genzel fox punches him in the face the ref standing right fucking there he
watches him and then fox is taunting him and then genzel gives him one back and then he buckles his
knees and goes down embarrassing pathetic and the fact that he only gave Gensel
one there an even bigger fucking joke so the officiating from start to finish of the game
took the flow completely out of it and obviously it's going to end on a call like that you knew
it was coming I think the refs can read like if he pushes down on him and he falls and Brady
Shea's going to go get a breakaway then you call it
but the puck if I remember correctly the puck stayed with Troach and he batted it over to like
yeah that was the thing I think it went along the blue line yeah they can read the play a little bit
like if he's going in a breakaway you can make a quick call like you know you don't want to give
a team a breakaway for something that could be a penalty but at the end of the day the strangers
get the win and that's all that matters.
I also thought that Orlov got away with one on Kreider
earlier in that overtime.
So not only had they already gotten away with one,
they'd already had two calls in their favor
to put them on the power play.
R.A., do you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I think they had one.
Yeah, definitely.
They had two power plays in overtime.
I want to go back to the 0 for 10.
Carolina, they were terrible with the discipline last night.
They had two different power plays that they fucking canceled out.
One two-second power play, 151 seconds.
I thought the discipline was awful.
That was the huge factor as well.
That's a huge key right now.
Sorry.
No.
Was both of them Shvetchnikov?
I know one of them was Shvetsnikov off the wall
right off the face off he just took out i think fox but the the the genzel one yeah brutal you
don't take both but it was like the definition of the the saying you tell little kids like the
ref always sees the retaliation it was kind of on genzel a little bit biz that's how it works you
know that i i understand but only see the retaliation.
They're not looking.
Boom, they see a punch.
Buddy, he was literally standing right here,
and it was Fox and then Gensel.
I know, but I don't think he was trying to grab on.
I don't think he saw Fox throw the first punch.
If he had, he would have called it.
It's just retaliation in the playoffs.
It just crushes you.
So Gensel's just, you got to take a punch, dude.
You got to take a punch.
And with the Rangers' power play, they have to stay out of the box.
R.A.'s talking about them ruining their own power plays.
Their power play.
Let's get to that.
Brenda Moore said after, like, they're just on the outside.
It was so static to me.
It was like four guys around and then one guy in the middle,
and they're just passing it around.
Like, nothing through the seams seams just little passes around and then maybe trying to get a shot on net that was
blocked by a defenseman so it made no sense how their move like five on five it seems like they're
buzzing around they're cycling aho and genzel were incredible last night besides that genzel
genzel penalty aho protecting the puck at his size it's something else he's got eyes in the back of
his head i didn't know he's the i think he's the franchise leader in goals, assistant points
in the playoffs already. He's 26 years old. They had a lot of lean years after their cup in 06,
but still just such an incredible talent. Him and Gensel work well together, but discipline,
special teams, and then not being able to have like their biggest guns besides Gensel and Ajo
match all of the Rangers and what they're doing.
I think that the Rangers are bringing four lines.
Now, you didn't see that fourth line play a ton.
I think Rempe only played around five minutes.
Dude, the Rangers, other than that, this Cooley, Will Cooley, this kid's great.
I didn't know anything about him.
I know he came on in the regular season, but he's in your face.
He can skate, and they can throw Vesey out there with any line.
It's just like they have a special thing going with their depth,
and then all the defensemen can play.
I'm interested to see what you guys thought about fucking Trouba.
What a loser.
What a loser.
Did you see last week somebody mentioned that a suspension is actually
based on intent and not what happens.
If you read what Bucciagras tweeted, maybe Fish can look it up.
Dude, he.
Looks good to me.
Dude, at the last minute, he blatantly threw his elbow.
I think it would have been a 20-gamer.
I wrote a five-gamer on Twitter.
That's a 20-game suspension.
Can we put up Pete Blackburn's tweet where he's like,
I've never seen a guy almost kill a guy twice
and then almost kill himself in the meantime.
Because when he comes down after going vertical
and hitting his head on the board, his skates come back down
where he could have chopped his fucking head off.
It would have been a full-blown circumcision out there.
That was epitome of Troubetrain.
And I almost think that
rangers fans seem to be turning on him a little bit online he had a pretty bad pizza in the game
was it the one that led to the first goal where ajo set up genzel it was a backhand pizza right
it was in the middle it was in the neutral zone it was in the neutral zone the one and then it
ended up trying to start shit with the Rangers biz.
They're not turning on Truba.
No, they can't.
Really?
I'm on the internet, which is ridiculous to say,
but with our job, the Rangers fans on the internet are not loving Truba.
It's 50-50.
Really?
Yeah, maybe that's more
Someone else killed someone else twice in themselves.
Can you press play or no?
Did you play it?
Can we play the hit?
Oh, the hit.
The side view.
The behind view.
Can't play the hit.
Can't play the hit.
Oh, I thought we got ESPN right.
Did we get PP whack because we chirped them about the fact that they went dark on us?
They switched games?
Plus, they went three penalties too, man.
That's probably why the fans are a little pissed at him.
Three penalties in one game.
That ain't good.
I mean, he also had a pinch.
He had a pinch late in that game.
It was crazy.
He just went flying down, and then they chipped it by him,
got that two-on-one.
I think that was the one Panarin took the penalty.
Panarin just literally put a stick around him
and was water skiing down the ice.
Panarin thought it was 2001.
So I actually, if I have no skin in the game, I love big, big D.
You'll see Zdorov, like, you know, he'll be playing great.
And then all of a sudden he'll just like make a few plays where you're like,
did his brain just completely shut off?
Is there no oxygen going to his fucking right up here, his skull right now?
And that's the same with truba
where he'll be playing awesome and then all of a sudden you'll see a couple bonehead plays where
all of a sudden the wires are crossing and people are turning them in in ranger land but uh uh so
you do you he obviously is not going to get suspended for that there hasn't been any any
wind no no no no no no no no no he won't it was just more of this tweet i gotta look it up
you know what guys another thing i noticed that you didn't notice in the there's also a lot of hate going on in
this series like you saw schvetch run um yes uh uh i'm drawing a blank on the goalie's name here
oh what a game he had man but like there's bad blood, and you almost wonder if it goes back
to when Ajo ended up getting Fox with a knee in the regular season, right?
It just seemed to have carried over where these guys are going
for each other's necks.
Like Tony D'Angelo going after Keiondre Miller,
then Rempe standing up on the bench going at it with Tony D.
Like these guys hate each other's guts.
They hate each other.
And Rangers took them down in Raleigh Game 7 a couple years ago,
so they already have that rivalry.
Same division, obviously, second round.
The tweet is, this was Dijon Kovacevic.
I apologize.
Good enough.
For NHL rules, a match.
And there's a video of him just flying through the air with his elbow.
Come on.
For NHL rules, a match penalty shall be imposed on any player who deliberately attempts to injure
or who deliberately injures an opponent in any manner.
Not a minor, a major, or a major, a match penalty.
It's actually defined by intent, not outcome.
And nothing about this true but flying elbow.
But Carolina-wise, you didn't notice
it in the first series, but now
with the Rangers' power play, Pesci
not being in the lineup is
a huge loss. An under-the-radar
player, you're playing Carolina,
so obviously you don't hear a ton
about a lot of their really good players.
A defenseman who is a horse.
He PKs. He's probably their top PK
guy with Slavin. He plays a ton of minutes. He eats up minutes in a long game like that. He PKs. He's probably their top PK guy with Slavin.
He plays a ton of minutes.
He eats up minutes in a long game like that.
He can break the puck out.
And now you're just seeing a weak link
because I think Tony D's a great player.
But when you look at Pesci and what he brings to the team
where Tony D's getting different minutes
and offensively he's really good,
but they're not trusting him in the defensive zone as much.
And you're playing this Rangers team
whose power play is zipping around.
Like, they need Pesci back.
And I actually have no idea what the forecast is for when he returns.
One last thing I was going to touch on with the Rangers,
the moves they made between Wenberg and Rossovic,
and the little that they gave up to get them are great fill-ins.
Like, Drury's looking like a genius right now.
Like, they're all. I think that this
series is over, boys. I don't think there's a
chicken-dicks chance Carolina's coming back.
Carolina at home, dude, they
buzz at home. I think they split down
there. I think they split.
Well, the problem is, and let's get
this, because we already mentioned it
quick. Igor's just
stuck in right now.
I said last night, once it was 3-3, they weren't beating him on a normal shot.
It was going to have to be a deflection from a Carolina player or a deflection off a Rangers defenseman.
Kind of the same way that Swayman's getting beat right now.
I think half of the goals Swayman given in the playoffs have gone off his own defenseman.
Igor is so locked in.
29 games in a row with three or less goals given up in the playoffs.
And Quick has the record.
I think the other goal he has is like 34 or 35, whatever.
So, yeah, that would be the one thing that even though Anderson hasn't been bad
Shesterkin is just he's he's that much better than him and yeah Carolina you see the frustration
they throw everything on net and it's not doing anything yeah Anderson's Anderson's been great
but you go back to game one and that Panarin goal one goal game that's the difference you go back to
last game I don't think that Kreider goal was
very good the third one yeah he he had it and then he fell back it became loose and then I feel like
his own defenseman might have knocked that over right to Kreider I don't I didn't really exactly
see how it all broke down but I view that as a weak one but like you just said the the best goalies
and and the way that they're talked about, even when they're retired. Like when you ask Wayne about Grant Fuhrer,
the reason that he says he's the best ever
is because in those games and playoffs,
he's never given up the next one.
If it's tied 3-3, I mean, from the middle of the third period
all the way through overtime,
I would say that he had about five or six 10-bellers
where you're like, this game's over?
Oh my God.
How the fuck did he come up with that one?
And he refused to give up that last goal.
And that's why I was tweeting out.
I'm like, this game's over.
The Rangers are winning it because Igor's not going to let that next goal in.
And that was the case.
How about the picture?
How about that picture of Troke celebrating?
I told him I'm getting a tattoo.
Oh, my God.
That was one of the coolest sports
photos i've seen like just and he's the only one looking up and the cameraman's right above
everyone else's helmets down what an image to have for him like someday that'll be in his house
like framed it's just incredible i don't know i think i'd rather that's none of those are the
picture yeah i think i think i'd rather the the Trouba one signed with him going lateral,
him and Natchez.
Kind of like a dude.
I don't know.
Back to Shesterkin, I think those goalies,
like those elite, elite goalies in the league,
there's maybe five, ten of them.
The more shots that they get, I think the better they are.
When he's getting peppered, what was it, 57 shots or something last night?
Yeah.
A hundred and something attempts.
I think when he's seeing the rubber, he is just in his element.
He wants it.
When there might be a lull in the game,
then that might be your opportunity to get him.
But I think when a goalie of his caliber is seeing that many shots,
he's going to save them.
That's the one argument against Carolina
is how they generate a ton of opportunities.
But I bet you in that game where they outshot a team by 15 shots,
they generated the same amount of high danger.
Like a lot's just coming from the outside, which is a non-threat.
And it goes back to what you were saying about Carolina's power play
and how they're just getting too much from a distance.
Too cute. I felt like in an OT they had a few chances where
they could have two-on-one the Rangers defenseman at the net where they were looking to set up
Natchez too perfectly Natchez on the second OT power play though he did get a pretty good look
in in like the uh the slot area but before that like you saw them trying to like like you know
work it around to finally get that opportunity
where the two low
guys, they could have just two-on-one and
thrown it at the net and tried to figure it out from there.
It doesn't always have to be, as you
said, R. Ray, too cute.
Yeah, absolutely. We've got to mention Panarin, too.
He had three assists. Now he has 127
points on the season, regular season
and playoffs combined. Now the most in
Rangers history. He passed Jaromir Jag playoffs combined. Now the most in Rangers history.
He passed Jaromir Jaga, who had the record of 124.
Just absolutely hell of an accomplishment for an old team.
Also, the Rangers are 40-1 on the year
when scoring four or more goals,
35-1 during the regular season,
five in all the playoffs right now.
So they're looking pretty tough right now, KY, huh?
Yeah, I think they look great.
Tough team.
I think the East is insane.
Yeah, that picture is insane.
It's so good.
The only face you see.
The Game of Thrones picture.
It's cool.
Hey, guys, I don't know what we got stuff coming on in 10 minutes,
so I don't know how we want to approach this.
We could talk about the Bruins-Florida first game.
Yeah, there's been one game.
It was a bit of a  they dusted them pretty good. I think we should get into that one.
Before we do, though, we do have a word from
one of our sponsors, so I'm going to send it
to that right now.
Alright, gang, before we go any further, here's a few words from our good
friends over at Game Time. What's up, everyone?
Checking out the app right now. Did you know you can get
tickets to Pearl Jam for a couple hundred bucks to play
in Fenway Park later this summer?
Unbelievable deal right here. I mean, they're still at the top of the
game. I saw them there a couple years ago.
Because GameTime, that's right.
Thanks to GameTime, the official ticketing partner of Boston Rules Sports,
you should never have to worry about when you buy tickets to your next big event.
GameTime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports, music, comedy,
and theater events near you.
They have flash deals for sudden discounts,
zone deals for when you're feeling a
little flexible in their lowest price guarantee which means if you can find the same seats for
less anywhere else game time will credit you 110 of the difference game time is the best place
for last minute seats with up to 60 off your favorite events again you want to see a baseball
game hockey game the playoffs are in full swing but like concerts this is the time summertime pearl gym boom couple hundred i'm there i'll see you there
so you can take the guesswork out of buying tickets with game time download the game time app
create an account and use code chiclets for 20 off your first purchase terms apply
download the game time app today last minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
All right, boys, a couple other quick notes.
Pesci is week to week.
Wait, I knew you were asking about him.
Kuznetsov was a healthy scratch last night.
Were you surprised by that at all, Biz?
Who's he, a healthy scratch?
He could be inconsistent, and sometimes when he's not skating hard and he's getting limited minutes, he doesn't fit well in that role.
But I thought he was strong early in that Islanders series,
but it's kind of next man up.
But surprised, yeah, maybe a little bit.
But we'll see if he draws back in next game with everything that's gone on.
All right, moving along to the next series.
We just talked about the Bruins.
They won game one, 5-1.
A bit of a surprise down at Sunrise the other night.
Whit, I'll go to you on this one first.
What was your biggest take from this game?
Were you shocked that, I don't know, they beat them 5-1, I guess.
I wasn't.
Oh, you weren't?
No, I mean, I said it during the day.
I wasn't shocked that they won, but shocked they beat them 5-1.
Yes, I was.
And Florida scoring first, Kachuk getting that
goal. It's funny. The goal went in
though, and then they showed the replay. I'm like,
deflection. You know in
Swayman's mind, he's like, I haven't gotten beat
yet. Goalies are crazy. They're waxed.
They have different ways of looking at things.
If a puck is deflected like that,
a goalie actually does have no chance. Unless it
hits him, it's not their fault. They had their angle.
They had the puck. They were tracking it.
Boom.
Hits something, goes in.
He's probably thinking, no, I haven't gotten beat.
I haven't gotten beat.
And, yeah, it was Lindholm.
But the Bruins, to go down 1-0, it's like, oh, man, you know, you're coming in.
We're fresh.
They've been sitting around.
We've been playing.
They haven't been.
You cannot add or make the practices the same intensity.
It's just impossible.
So they go down 1-0.
You see how they respond.
Holy shit, guys.
Did they score some nice goals?
And I said to Army, this Lowry, he's incredible when you see younger players.
He's getting better and better and better.
And every game in the playoffs, you're noticing a little bit more.
He skates really well.
My favorite thing about him is he'll try anything.
I mean, he's down below the face-off dots in the offensive zone.
He's trying backhand toe drags.
And you could tell that's a confidence thing.
Like, his skill level's high enough.
Oh, and also, him doing the Milton Kids Bruins chant like 10 years ago
when he looks like he's 16.
Can we play that video?
Was he drafted by the Bruins when he did this?
I don't know if you know what I'm talking about, Biz.
No, I haven't seen it.
He was.
He had been drafted by the Bruins already, Whit.
Okay.
It almost would have been better if he hadn't been and it was just that
random.
But there's a famous video.
That could have been like two years ago.
Like, for all we know, he is the youngest looking kid guy in the NHL.
It's insane.
So he actually wasn't draft.
He wasn't drafted his draft year.
I think he played at Culver military Academy.
Billy Ryan was telling me string scrawny.
And then he went to the USHL and then he got drafted that second year.
And then buddy,
right out of Ohio state,
he's doing this.
That's just,
when you look at the Bruins,
you're like,
I don't know if they could beat Florida.
Well,
this kid's going to play like this. That was a shot where Bobrovsky saw that thing going. That's just when you look at the Bruins, you're like, I don't know if they could beat Florida. Well, if this kid's going to play like
this, that was a shot where Bobrovsky
saw that thing going. He's probably like, who the fuck
is that guy? That's a Shermanator.
That's a pasta shot.
And then Carlo goes bar down.
Look at that. There's no angle
there. And he goes bar down.
And then the Bruins continue to roll. And
Biz called me yesterday with an interesting
take. He said, I think the Bruins got this
why don't you go into explaining about the Coyle
and the Zaka comment you said to me on the
phone I like that
well I just felt like there was like
there was a lot of pressure on them in round one
and also you're playing it's almost
like you better win your matchup you're going
against well throughout the second part of the
series they were going against Max Doney and
John Tavares and they've been playing so well coming into playoffs right Zaka had been putting
up numbers he was unreal in the face off dot where all of a sudden both of those guys were getting
smoked round one so now it's kind of like oh the pressure's off of that first round I feel like for
the whole team now they feel like they're playing with the house's money and all the demons of
blowing the 3-1 leader away from them where now it's almost like the top two line centers
for Florida are expected to score and do way more than those two guys.
Where now,
if they just,
if they neutralize those guys,
that's a,
that's a big series for them.
And as we were talking on,
I don't know if it was when we first came on the pot or,
or before we'd started it,
where I feel like the fact that they pulled off that first win and they got past that first round
with no help from Zaka and Coyle, that eventually they're going to turn the corner. Eventually,
at some point, Coyle and Zaka are going to provide offensively. I think it's coming. I don't think
they're intimidated at all by Florida. I love their big back end. And going back to Lowry,
like he was making plays in the first round.
I think it was game one that he  or was it game  what was it game where he pinched down on Revo and ended up
he made that play where Edmondson was jumping in too
where he kept the play alive.
And now he's scoring goals.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh to see the original.
I've seen the original.
He tweets it out every fucking morning.
The Bruins play.
But there is something to be said.
Bruins!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Oh, fuck.
My cousin grew up on that street.
They took the momentum from game seven.
They didn't have  it's hard to replicate that pace, right?
And Florida had that time off, and that was also a topic of discussion in our group chat.
Jans, you can maybe speak to it.
Have you ever had five, six days in between a series ending and starting
i can't remember exactly but i think i think the the timing is probably the worst for the goalies
because they're not they're not getting the shots that you're going to see in a game but i think the
best news for the the panthers was every goal that beat bob was an absolute perfect shot like there
was no way he was saving those like if you if you're getting beat, like, under the arm or whatever,
like, you know, you can be like, all right, Bob had an off night.
He was getting beat by absolute BB.
So I thought he still played well, even though giving up four or whatever it was.
Like, you know, he was still great, still made amazing saves.
You know, I think that that was the game for the Bruins to win,
was that one after the long layoff. And now I think that the series the game for the Bruins to win was that one after the long layoff.
And now I think that the series is going to turn.
Any idea, Keith, inside info about Bennett?
I hear he's skating.
I hear they probably got to get him back in because he's such a playoff type player, playoff Sam Bennett.
But do you think that they do need him to I mean forget beating the Bruins but
win the cup yeah I think they definitely do and obviously everyone knows it's his hand or wrist
or something like that so he's obviously going to be skating to stay in shape right you don't need
to whether he's shooting or not and especially as a forward like you're in battles in front of the
net you need to have at least 70 strength in your hand and wrist to be able to play especially
in the playoffs but hopefully he's back as soon as possible he is missed dearly out there i thought
they were you know didn't need him as much in the first round but you know against when you're going
into the second and third round you're going to need a guy like that that brings brings the heat
and you know he's one of those guys too he's such a loose cannon you don't know if you're a
d-man you don't know if he's going to run you from behind like your head's on a swivel when he's out
there right so he he makes everybody a little uneasy on the ice um i think they do need him back
uh if they brought him back and he wasn't even 70 i think it's kind of a waste but obviously they
know what they're doing with uh keeping
them out but if he is back then then the series is going to change even quicker i saw g tweet out
something about the that he was pissed that they took out shattenkirk uh forbert drew in game one
i think that that's a better matchup for that team for that team big and heavy i play with
derrick forbert i want to call their cup with him. Not a big deal.
The guy's a mutant.
He'll fucking hammer guys.
He'll box out the net front.
He'll block shots.
Those are the things that you're going to need against Florida,
maybe rather than a little bit of help on the power play.
And I don't want to call Shattenkirk a liability in the D zone.
I just don't think he's maintaining gaps and is strong down low.
And that's kind of where Florida is able to do a lot of damage,
especially with those big, heavy bodies.
And it's a big boy series.
And I like the fact that Forbert draws in.
So I think I thought Reinhardt was quiet.
I thought Reinhardt didn't really hear his name mentioned a lot.
So you think a guy like that bounces back.
Kachuk's lighting it up.
He's on this point streak.
He's figuring out.
But he's going to be a menace tonight.
You know him.
I love when they show Big Walt in the stand after he scores, too.
Just seeing him makes me laugh.
The guy's hilarious.
I text him, like, where's your cocktail?
He usually has a cold one.
It's here.
I think the Panthers come back hard tonight.
They know. I mean, you got to back hard tonight. They know.
I mean, you got to get one of these at home.
But Bruins fans, while every right in being confident after seeing that first game
and seeing their goalie really do these incredible things right now,
it's such a long series where Florida gets their legs game one.
And it's going to be real.
I still think it's going to be really hard for the Bruins to win.
The only thing is, if Swayman is like this,
it's literally the opposite of what Bob did to the Bruins last year.
Swayman's having his moment.
He went on McAfee day of a game,
game one against the Florida Panthers,
and then played like that.
That tells me he's embracing every second of this,
and he was born for this moment.
He's fucking ready to go.
He was chuckling.
Sorry, Biz, I didn't mean to cut you off.
No, you're fine, buddy.
Had the puck in his hand.
I was looking for it.
He just threw it out.
He was like chuckling.
You could see his whole body shaking as he was laughing.
They're playing Omar tonight, though.
No, they're not.
He just came out for pregame skate first.
Thought that Ekblad struggled big time in game one.
And maybe the first series a little bit against Tampa Bay,
but more so noticeable a lot in game one.
What are your guys' thoughts there?
I was just surprised at the puck management, right?
Where that play he made, I think, did Pasta pick that one off?
What was that one play?
Yeah, it was in the D zone.
Oh, my God.
He just, like, handed it right over to him.
My guess would be, like, trying to do a little too much.
And you have no idea where  I think he has one year left,
and Montour's a free agent, and it's like, is he thinking about,
like, I really want to be here?
It sounds ridiculous. You're in the middle of the playoff
battle. You can't worry about your future,
but everyone's different. He's been there his entire
career. He's first overall pick and
all of a sudden, if you start thinking like this could
be it, you're pressing a little bit.
You're trying to do too much. And I actually
think going from game seven to game one, I don't
think McAvoy had that good of a game either.
Kind of had that tough turnover on the one goal.
When you're trying to do too much, it's like everything you're trying isn't working. And
that's when you have to simplify to where it seems so ridiculous how much you'd have to simplify
where you have it. And most of the time you're waiting out a guy and you're snapping up the
middle, dude, for a little bit to get your bearing straight, glassing out, glassing out,
just to get going again. And once you get a couple of those, it doesn't feel great doing it,
but all of a sudden you start making a couple better plays.
You take your time a little bit more.
I just really thought Ekblad was trying things that made no sense.
Like, make the simple play.
Everyone says it.
It sounds so much easier than it is.
But if he can just get it, get the puck out,
all of a sudden your confidence comes, your hands feel a little bit better,
and you're not stuck.
Turn pucks over, and you're always on your heels when you're playing like that
as opposed to being on your toes.
They're going to need a better effort from him, though,
because he was a liability out there game one.
Guys, I was just going to say, not just a top-tier offense for the Florida Panthers,
too.
I felt like one of their biggest strengths was their third and fourth line I mean their fourth line was huge in that first round so
you got to look for them to have a better second game too because they got chewed up by the bottom
six for Boston is Lamborghini a healthy scratch yeah well he so he he was sick in round one
I thought he was sick yeah Lorenz Lorenz took the spot and I thought that he'd been
playing great and maybe that's why he's
drawing in now they contributed
on a few goals the one game
I think when they beat Tampa 4-2
they had their third and fourth goal
in the game like that line so
hard to break up when you got
that much chemistry drawing that would be
something that Jim Montgomery would do not
Paul Maurice their fourth line was good the other night too they had a lot of offensive zone
sustained pressure I don't I don't think you need to mix too much up with that if anything I'd put
Lamborghini in for cousins maybe get him going just because like you said about uh you know even
Troach on the forecheck Lamborghini is one of those guys when he's in on the forecheck he's a
loose can we got guys we got stuff here ready to go but i just have i had one question
before we move on and i saw a stat during the game i think it said that the bruins i mean the
panthers are 0 for 14 this full season against the bruins on the power play is there something
that the bruins are doing different than other teams that that affecting the Panthers' power play. It's Swayman.
Swayman and the commitment to block shots, every guy.
You don't got any Mitchie Marners out there curling
and fucking not getting in lanes.
Well, they're definitely doing a good job of really being aware of that.
They have that quick bumper play to Reinhardt,
who's amazing at finding that soft area.
And you could tell they were kind of all over it. I think usually it's Barkov to Kachuk quickly to Reinhardt, who's amazing at finding that soft area. And that you could tell they were kind of all over it.
I think usually it's Barkov to Kachuk quickly to Reinhardt,
and they were really sniffing that one out.
So you got to see if, if Florida has a couple of different looks,
maybe going to the other side of the ice,
but then it's not a one-timer for Reinhardt.
So, and I shouldn't even say it was just swimming because all regular season,
it was all Mark dominating the Panthers, but I can't wait for, for game two.
That should be a great one tonight and then we have the big main matchup
of the oilers and the canucks finally playing and that's why we brought in our boy
the legend of edmonton himself
tell you i get more love from you guys than I do from my own house.
You want to move in with me, Stoff?
I'm single.
What's that?
You can move in with me, buddy.
I'm single.
I might need to.
I might need to the way it's going these days.
My wife's been a glutton for punishment for 23 years and older.
So, Stoff, you're in Vancouver right now.
I know you've got about 15, 20 minutes with us.
We appreciate it.
Yeah.
I texted you quick, kind of looking for your outlook on the series.
You're so dialed in with the Oilers, and you made it pretty clear to me it's going to be a battle.
It's going to be a great series.
What are your thoughts going in, and what are you looking for
in game one out of both sides?
Well, Ryan, first of all, Vancouver's really well coached.
I vote for coach of the year.
Rick Talk had got the number one vote for me, you know,
and I'm sure my guess is 80 of the broadcasters out there took him number one.
They annihilated Edmonton in the two games here early in the season.
Jay Woodcroft was still the coach at that time.
The Oilers played two different defensive systems in those games.
They started the year in zone and pivoted out of zone
and went to sort of a hybrid after the Heritage Classic.
But the issues that they had, they were undisciplined
and a little bit out of control in those two games in Vancouver, lit them up.
How much do you read into that?
I don't know.
Vancouver's been a different team for me since the All-Star break.
They've been greater emphasizing defense and suppressing shots and those sort of things.
But I think Vancouver's got a good team, and I have a healthy amount of
you know, it's funny.
I know there's a rivalry between the fans, but when I think of Vancouver,
and this is year 16 of me doing the games for the Oilers,
I think of the Sedins, and those guys have class.
And so even though, you know, people at times,
they were sort of picked on by certain percentages of fan bases out there,
the way they played took real toughness
because they had to play through the crap and still play their game.
So I'm not one of these guys that hates the Vancouver Marriott.
I respect their team.
I think Edmonton has to play well.
But I think if Edmonton gets to their optimal game,
I think they can win the series.
And I realize a lot of people have the Oders as favorites,
but I think it's going to be a close series.
I think the team that plays the smartest will win the series.
What do you think Edmonton's looking to do facing this many big defense?
Because in defensemen, excuse me, like L.A., it's not Soucy.
It's not Myers.
It's not Sidorov.
Are they going to be looking to maybe chip pucks in and force those guys to handle the puck
or still create off the rush?
Because you've got to think that the size of the Vancouver D,
they're going to be looking to step up and break things up in the neutral zone.
Yeah, Ryan, that's a great point.
And obviously you're well aware of the fact that Jim Rutherford and Patrick Elvin
completely rebuilt that D.
I don't think, you know, Ken Holland has a phraseology,
trees versus shrubs.
And if you're a shrub, you really got to be able to move the puck.
And the Oilers have a bigger defense now since Ken's come aboard,
and so does Vancouver.
So one of the things Edmonton did against the Calgary Flames is they did
chip pucks past them, get their D turnturn, forcing their defense to, you know,
retrieve pucks, and then the other four checkers tried to get in there.
Obviously, McDavid's a different animal.
Like, you know, when he's got it, you let him go,
and you let him do what he does.
I mean, we are watching.
I'll say it because I grew up in Edmonton and watched Wayne Gretzky,
and he was in his prime with the others.
As great as Wayne was in Los Angeles, And he was in his prime with the others. That's as great as Wayne
was in Los Angeles. And he's the
greatest player of all time. But all
that being said, McDavid has a more advanced
game. And so he's a cheat
code. And we all know that. And
Connor and Leon are totally
dug in come playoff time, which is why
I fired off that tweet relative to
Paul's two guys in the
Maple Leafs that are below a point
per game in the playoffs you know and I felt bad for Matthews because he was hurt but you look at
McDavid and Dreisaitl they've literally willed the orders as far as they can the last couple years
now they have more support but specific to the Canucks D some of the lines you're going to see
them chip and chase and get it on the forecheck and then you know the McDavid's of the world are
going to challenge those guys because they're good enough to do that.
I was going to ask you, I kind of compare Vancouver's back end
to like the Rangers where they have all these big guys,
but yet they have that one dynamo in Quinn Hughes who can move
kind of like Adam Fox and create plays.
What do you think their game plan is going to be against Quinn Hughes
to neutralize him and how he's basically the, you know,
he's a one-man breakout, and he's really the engine
that runs that team from the back end?
Yeah, no question, Paul.
You know, it's interesting with Hughes because I think one of the differences
between L.A. and Vancouver is L.A. and Vancouver's got a better power play.
I know the numbers were close in the regular season,
but with all due respect to Drew Dowdy, who's the Hall of Fame player, he's not as dynamic at this stage in his career
as Quinn Hughes is on the back end. And then JT Miller instead
of Kevin Fiala, I think you know who's got the higher end offensive game
there. So that's going to make things problematic. And the Canucks just destroyed Edmonton
on the PP this year. So Edmonton's going to have to, like I said, play
smart, but also recognize they're going to have a greater challenge sort of
maintaining that Canucks power play when they get opportunities.
And five on five, I got to be honest with you,
because I don't know whether or not Edmonton can get in as much and bang
the way Nashville really was physical with Quinn Hughes earlier in that
series.
I don't know if the others have quite those type of forwards.
Like I realize everybody's got a hit come playoff time,
but I think Nashville's third and fourth lines
were a little bit more physical and bigger
than what the Oilers have got.
And I actually think, just quickly,
I think, Whit, you might even know this too,
I think Nashville's power play from the deadline
or at least the last 20 games
was the best in the regular season.
And Vancouver's PK was one of the things that won them that first-round series.
What do you think that Edmonton can click power play-wise
against this Vancouver team, or do you think they keep rolling as such?
Well, it's hard to keep going at 45.
And ironically enough, their power play wasn't 45
against la because they scored a goal three seconds after a power play ended they went nine
for 20 they had a power play three seconds after a power play four seconds after so really they're
11 for 20 and three of the power plays they got in the games were in garbage time where the owners
rolled out their second unit so we are watching watching the greatest, the best power play in modern-day NHL history.
I mean, for five straight years, they've been above 25.
No team's done that in the NHL in the last 30 years.
So this is the best power play since the Flames.
You know, and they used to have McInnes, Baum, and the Puck.
Well, who does Edmonton have?
They have Bouchard.
The Oilers have the best three in a 1-3-1 formation in the league.
McDavid's obviously all world.
Dreisaitl and then Nugent Hopkins
dating back to when Witt was with the Oilers.
Nugent Hopkins has always
been, and if you look at points per 60
on the power play, I know you guys aren't
necessarily big into the advanced analytics all the time.
I am.
You're that guy.
But you know, seriously, he's always been a
really good power play player.
And then Hyman is a brilliant net front because he's excellent on retrievals
and he's a committed player.
So I do expect him.
But, you know, they ran a vanilla power play the last 20 games of the regular season.
It was almost like they were, you know, the Alabama Crimson Tide with a 9-0 record
with, you know, one of those cupcake games where they just run a straight offense
and they don't have any variations.
That's kind of what the Oilers did down the stretch in the power play.
So their power play wasn't as good.
I think they were seventh in the league.
Do you think they did that not to give away any of their secrets?
100.
100.
Oh, shit, eh?
Wow.
The variations that they had.
Most teams have one or two core power play looks
and then some things built off it.
Because of how much McDavid moves around,
sometimes he's on the left hash, sometimes he's on the right hash,
sometimes Dreissel's in the bumper, sometimes he's on the right hash.
They've got a lot of different plays and setups.
And I'm telling you, to me, they were very
vanilla down the stretch of the power play, and
looked completely different in Game 1 against LA.
I love it. So I think
this series is so...
Vancouver winning the Pacific is
so important, having home ice. I think it's an
enormous matchup series.
So I think it's obvious we're going to see JT
Miller out there when McDavid and Hyman
and Henrique are out there.
The question then is, and I kind of brought up,
there's no chance right now the way Pedersen's playing.
I know he's been sick that he can match up with Leon.
I think Leon is as dynamic in the playoffs as Connor.
So are people now telling me or people are telling me,
is it true you think it'll be Lindholm,
almost Vancouver's third line going against Leon's line,
and then Pedersen will be able to get out there
against McLeod and Fogle and Perry?
Sure.
That's a possibility.
I should mention Henrique has not skated since the L.A. series.
He looked like he suffered an LBI with about 10 minutes left in the game.
There's no guarantee he plays tonight, so they'll move Janmark up.
And then Brown would probably come in on the fourth line,
who, in fairness, had a decent back half of the season this year,
hasn't played a playoff game yet.
But, yeah, I mean, Leon is a horse.
Like, he's a fantastic player.
In his draft year, his coach was Corey Clouston.
I did Corey's games at the University of Alberta in 1990.
And I did Oblak's games at the University of Alberta in 1990. And I did Knobloch's games at the University of Alberta in 2000.
And I remember Corey telling me,
Bob, this guy's going to be way better than people think.
How about dry settle?
He goes, he can really shoot the puck.
His skating, he's got a big engine.
His skating isn't as bad as people want.
And you know what?
You know, Edmonton's not for everybody in the NHL.
Not every player looks at Edmonton.
But guys that are dialed in that want to play and embrace something,
you can do well there.
And when a player, Prince Albert has had some challenges recruiting.
Erie's had some challenges recruiting in the OHL.
And when players go there, it tells you a lot about their character.
And so you look at Conor McDavid.
Not every player has elected to go to Erie over the years.
And you look at Leon going into Prince Albert, and that shows a lot.
It tells me a little about the player.
Like I said, and I sort of see it because I'm from Edmonton,
and I hear, you know, there were times in free agency, Ryan,
when you were on the team, there were players.
It's different now because McDavid and Drysaddle are here,
and guys want to win
so they got a better chance to recruit players but uh leon's leon is a he's just a he's just
an incredible player and he's he's got physicality he doesn't sweat fools at times he'll have an
exchange with the media once in a while but that guy if i if i look at the difference between
edmonton and toronto and people say well Edmonton hasn't won a cup yet,
they've lost to the Stanley Cup champs the last two years.
The Oilers are the only team in the Western Conference
to advance two rounds in the last three years.
They're the only team.
The difference is how Doug and McDavid and Dreissel are
as the team's top two players.
And everybody else has to play, at least commit to that level of engagement
if you're part of that team.
Were you talking about spec?
When you said it doesn't get engaged with certain clowns,
were you talking about spec?
To be honest with you, Biz, often it's me.
Okay.
All right.
Fair.
Because everybody needs spec.
I hear you.
Stoff, I want to ask about Vancouver's goalie, Seelof.
Is there any concern about him?
He's looked really good so far.
You know, Edmonton hasn't seen much of him.
Is there any maybe concern in that regard?
I have no gauge on him.
Like, I'm trying to think if I might have seen him in Penticton at the rookie tournament,
but we always play the Canucks on the last day of that tournament,
and I'm thinking about getting back to Edmonton after five days of that rookie tournament.
I can't even remember.
I'm not sure if he got the start or not.
He's big.
I'm hoping we're not talking Ken Dryden 1971 here.
Don't remind me.
I don't know if there's any Bruins fans out there.
Nudge, nudge, wink, wink.
But you know what I'm saying.
R.A. remembers more about those games
than he does about the ones being played these days.
What have you noticed different with Skinner?
I mean, it's been a really good year,
and he's kind of, he's taken that starting role
and ran with it ever since all the Campbell things
that went down.
What in his game have you noticed that's that different?
Well, part of it, Ryan, and I know you read a text I sent off to you a while ago,
I think it's an easier team to play in front of right now.
I really do.
Like, they play zone.
Knoblox coached it his entire career.
He played it when he was in college.
You know, Jay, who's going to get another opportunity to coach, Woodcroft,
was, you know, basically tried to pivot to it from the hybrid that he used to have.
And I think it's easier for a coach to coach a system he knows.
And Knobloch knows that system.
The team is settled.
It's calmer.
It's not as emotional.
And there was pressure at the start all year.
It was a bad start.
Like, Ryan, I know a couple of guys that cashed their chips in and said they were done with the Oilers at the start of the year. It was a bad start. Like, Ryan, I know a couple of guys that cashed their chips in
and said they were done with the Oilers at the start of the year
for the first 13 games.
So, I don't know.
I don't know.
A guy with a high-profile podcast.
But, you know, it's funny how it works out, right?
I think Skinner's just a chill, relaxed guy.
He's a big man, though.
Like, he's like 6'4 and 235 pounds.
Like, you know, he's from a family of nine, so he had to fight to eat.
Yet he's just, you know, I think what's happened here is the amount of off-the-rust chances have decreased from the start of the year.
chances have decreased from the start of the year.
And I think that's  and the defense has grasped sort of the concept,
the entire team defense of what Knobloch was trying to  and then Paul Coffey's input on the defense.
You know, when a Hall of Famer comes in and looks at this
puts the defensemen all together in the room and then looks at them and says,
just so you guys know, yeah, you know, I'm in the Hall of Fame,
but I also made more mistakes than all you guys combined.
And I want you guys to make plays.
I don't want you guys to worry about making a mistake.
I think it helps win guys over right away and build some confidence.
And I think we've seen some improvements with players like day or day.
Um, and CC has had a better year this year as well.
So, and obviously Bouchard's become a story on himself.
Yes, I feel like the guys all love each other too.
You talk about CeCe, when he scored late in the season,
I don't know if he was one of the names that was rumbling around to be moved,
and he ended up scoring right before the deadline,
and the whole fucking bench went crazy.
And I don't know if that played a factor into keeping him,
because he could have been a piece that they ended up moving on from to bring somebody else in.
But it just seems like overall the group has such an immense love for one another.
You know, what's funny, Paul, is I, as a, as a bride, like we're all here because of the players, right?
Like I've never lost sight of that.
And, but one thing, you know, I've traveled with the team for 16 years and been around and and
even the five years before that covered them on if you know i went to game five and game seven
stanley cup final as a broadcaster to to cover that event and i always you know i'm a little
uncomfortable saying i really know what the pulse of the team is because i'm not you know like i look
at our trainers and equipment guys who've been there a long time, and they've got a pretty,
because they're around those guys all the time behind, you know, closed doors.
But I do tend to agree with you.
There does seem to be a sense that, you know,
that this is a group that has a lot of passion for each other.
And I mean that in the most, you know what I mean?
Like they want to fight for each other. And CeCe's the most, you know what I mean? Like they want to fight for each other.
And CeCe's a popular guy.
And at times people got to realize you get what you pay for.
Like he's making 3.25 million.
He's a plus, usually a double digits plus player.
I know it's an antiquated stat, but a plus player every year.
He's smart.
He's not perfect, but he's big enough and rangy enough that he can defend.
And he ends up in the second penalty killing unity.
He gets zero power play time, so he doesn't get a chance to inflate his numbers that way.
I can tell you he's pretty good friends with Dreisaitl,
and I get the sense that he's a very popular guy in terms of the Mix-a-Lat team.
Well, Stoff, sorry, did you have another question?
No,
I was just going to say,
thank you so much.
I think it's going to be an incredible series.
I was maybe getting a little bit too cocky.
You,
you,
you put me down in my place,
which I,
which I appreciate.
It's going to be fantastic hockey.
The rivalry being the last two Canadian teams.
Can't wait to see how it goes.
And we appreciate you coming on,
filling us all in on behind the scenes stuff with Edmonton.
If you guys are stuck and can't get somebody better out of Edmonton,
give me a call.
Enjoy.
We'll call Speck.
Everybody reads Speck.
Everyone does.
We got puck drop in about nine hours,
but first here's a word from our sponsor.
All right, everyone, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our good friends over at DraftKings.
The chase for the Stanley Cup continues, and the action at DraftKings Sportsbook,
an official sports betting partner of the NHL, is just as hot as it is on the ice.
With same-game parlays, live betting, odds boost, and so much more,
don't miss out as the Stanley Cup playoffs continue to march on.
Taking a look right here, I see Vancouver plus 220 in the series versus Edmonton.
I don't know.
Something to ponder, I would say.
But if you're new to DraftKings, you've got to check this out.
New customers bet 5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly.
Just download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now.
Use the code CHICKLETS.
That's code CHICKLETS for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets
when you bet just 5.
Only on DraftKings, the crown is yours.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Or in West Virginia, visit 1-800-GAMBLER.net.
In New York, call 877-8-HOPE-NY or text HOPE-NY 467-369.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 and over, age varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
See dkng.co slash ice for eligibility and deposit restrictions,
terms, and responsible gaming resources.
All right, boys. Next series up, Colorado, and responsible gaming resources. All right, boys.
Next series up.
Colorado-Dallas.
We were talking about, you know, rest versus rhythm,
which would the team prefer?
Well, Dallas looked great.
Three-dut lead after the first one.
It went quickly away.
Colorado stormed back, tied up, ended up winning overtime.
Miles Wood, third of the playoffs.
Let's go to you first on this.
What was your take on this game?
Were you shocked that Dallas
threw that lead? I thought we were going to
talk about maybe the
build-up to this series and with the battle
that Witt's got going online.
The mayor of Vancouver
now taking shots at the mayor
of Edmonton.
Have you seen this?
Have you seen this clip, Witt?
No. The mayor of Vancouver taking a slap shot and dummying the mascot.
Take a peek here.
Now you got the mascot chewing the other mascot and then him taking a clapper.
You got the video pulled up.
Look at this.
Jesus.
Holy shit, buddy.
There's no consent in that video.
Oh, wow.
Wow.
What the fuck?
Hey, man, you know what?
There is a crazy amount of hatred.
And while I was in Edmonton, Vancouver just trucked us.
And Stoff was talking about those teams with Sedin, BXA.
I can't say his name
correctly juice we'll call them burrows they were hated but they were good and they were they can't
they used to come into edmonton and just work us over so there wasn't much fan rivalry in a sense
of like it's a hammer versus a nail now it's changed and now you can kind of point back to
vancouver fans and i mentioned they've never won thing, yet they seem to be so cocky.
And the Oilers fans are so pissed off at the beatings they took from Vancouver for the past what felt like 15 years.
So it's all bubbled up and came together.
And I don't know the last time they played each other in the playoffs.
Years and years and years ago, to which they hate each other so much.
And it's the Western part of Canada. And it's all of a sudden now our history of five Stanley Cups versus your,
your history of nothing in Vancouver saying, well,
you haven't won a cup since 1990.
So who cares?
And it's bubbled over because they haven't played in so long.
They're the last series to start.
People are coming at me.
I'm like B rabbit.
I'm Eminem and eight mile.
Everything you say to me.
I know I've made it clear. I know my career was a disappointment. I'm Eminem in 8 Mile. Everything you say to me, I know.
I've made it clear I know.
My career was a disappointment.
I wasn't good in the Olympics.
Everything, I got injured.
I couldn't play for the Oilers even when they were bad.
I don't care, guys, because I've accomplished more in the game of hockey than any of you
scrubs, any of you losers sitting at home on your keyboard.
You're getting owned by Canucks Twitter.
Do you think I give a fuck?
You're farming engagement. Yeah, no shit. I work for a
podcast, you dumb motherfucker.
And they're telling me I called a little
eight-year-old a stupid motherfucker. No,
I called him a little motherfucker. Okay?
So there's a big difference. I didn't call him stupid.
And I'll say,
I was probably a little bit too cocky.
After talking to Stoff and a few
other people, I think how much they struggled at times with Nashville,
I was like, oh, my God, we're going to walk over them.
Well, Nashville played a different style hockey,
where Edmonton's running gun in Vancouver.
They're going to slodge this thing up,
and it's going to be disgusting on social media,
and it's going to be at times disgusting on the ice if Vancouver gets their wish.
But I just can't wait.
And also, if you can't have a little fun online, you've got serious issues.
You're shit-talking two sports teams.
Everyone needs to calm down and just take your beating from the Oilers
and take it like a man or a woman.
Or a they in Vancouver.
It doesn't matter.
Take it whichever way you want it and just enjoy the series
because it's going to be fantastic.
Guys, real quick.
You had to expect this.
What do you got?
Oh, my God.
That might be the lamest bet.
I don't even know.
What's the mascot's name in Edmonton?
Do you know?
Out the window?
Oh, my God.
And he ate him?
He fucking ate him?
Oh, yeah.
Wait, so that slap shot was horrific, though.
Yeah, it was a tough one.
I mean, he put Hunter in a fucking whale's mouth.
That might be the lamest bet ever, too.
Fucking hanging a flag like that's it?
Like, really?
Well, on enemy territory, though, R.A., that gets a lot of people riled up.
That's kind of like what?
Well, you had the one of the, what was it?
Like a restaurant?
Yeah, Boston Pizza.
Yeah.
Room for the Oilers in BC?
Yeah, it said, let's go Oilers.
And the guy tried getting the thing canceled.
They ended up changing the sign.
These Vancouver lunatics, a very, very, very loud group online.
They got the guy to change his sign.
I suppose he's like, nobody's going to come to my store.
But I don't think an Oilers
fans, and I'll be fair,
people said to me, Oilers fans
would flip out if there was a Boston Pizza
in Edmonton that said, go Canucks.
Yeah, they would. I don't think they're going
online trying to get the guy canceled, though.
I think they go up there like men, do it
face-to-face and say, take that fucking sign
down, buddy. I'm going to headbutt you.
And in Vancouver, they had to go to Twitter.
Take your sign down.
It was like, it's just, I think this is going to be an incredible series.
I think it's overwhelming the amount of hate that's built up prior to game one
because imagine after game one, imagine after a dirty hit or a bad call.
Vancouver plays the victim, though. They think everyone's out to get them the league's out to get us the refs are out to get us it's just it's one of those things where they're so miserable
because they've never won a stanley cup and they've had some really good teams that they're
just so ready to explode that anyone who says anything bad about their team they lose their
mind meanwhile similar to every other fan base, they're attacking players online.
What do you think Canucks fans are saying about Patterson right now online?
And people are bringing up old tweets of Oilers fans carving me when I suck.
Yeah, buddy, you think?
And I'm still with them.
And I'm still ride or die for this team.
And I was fucking being told that I sucked while I was cutting up my
millionaire's cut steak
at Cactus Club.
The games
are going to speak for themselves. I think
they're going to be amazing games. I think they're
going to clog it up and try to play nasty
gross hockey against the Oilers
and then let the disgusting battle
happen online where I'm glad
to be a part of that one.
Oh, bye Pink Whitney.
They're one of the filthiest fan bases online and that's where they often voice their displeasure even
going back to when we had Petey on the podcast they where was an uproar to we wouldn't even know
if we're going to be able to release it because of how much they were how much the liberals were
losing their minds what's what's the saying that Heat Daddy always says?
The left is going to be furious.
All right. What was your experience in the
Cup Finals? Because you hated them way back
then, I remember you telling me.
Oh, when I went to Game 7, you mean? Or the whole
playoff? Just the whole series. I guess there was no
really Twitter then, was there?
Actually, it's funny. I think I might have just
got it that season. I might have only had it for a year, but it wasn't a huge factor.
Well, I was at the Boston game, so it was all Boston fans.
But when I went to Vancouver for game seven, dude, it was honestly,
it was I didn't see any mountains.
I didn't even see the ocean because I got in that late that night,
stayed at the hotel.
I had to go to the arena, get my pass.
And I was in the arena all day and then for the game.
So I didn't see any of it.
What about the next morning, R.A.? No, dude, literally, like we were in the arena all day and then for the game. So I didn't see any of it. What about the next morning, R.A.?
No, dude, literally
like we were in the arena. Then there was a riot. Dude, like
after the Bruins won the cup, we were in the
locker room partying with them. They got the Bruins out of there
and then they had a media shuttle.
They had to like go around the whole fucking
detour way. It was crazy like to
watch a riot like a mile down the street on the
TV. It was like insane. I mean, I
didn't feel unsafe at all because that building is like a fortress.
But yeah, I really didn't have a lot of interaction with like any Vancouver folks because I was like the media.
I had someone call me with a bunch of stuff for the Canucks fans and he can't he can't say it himself.
And he was like, I love how these people say that it wasn't hockey fans riding. Like some random anarchist from out of town is going to have a Christian
Airhoff jersey on as he's throwing a Molotov cocktail in the middle of the
street.
It's all Bridget and Tunnel people.
It's not people from actual Vancouver.
It's people from like Burnaby and Surrey.
They call them the Bridget and Tunnel people, and they're maniacs.
They're maniacs. They're maniacs.
And as I've
had a lot of people write me,
buddy, all of us Canucks
fans aren't like that. We have a vocal
minority that's very, very,
very vocal. And I know there's
great people that root for the Canucks.
It just so happens the shitbags
live online more than any other fan
base. It's crazy crazy and doing this podcast
you just realize people are gunning for my life they're talking about my children these people
don't give a flying fuck and you know what that's the second round in the playoffs and that's why i
eat this shit up that's why i just cannot wait for this series to begin tonight do you think that
canucks kid and hopefully we can pull up the video of him
with some choice words for Hyman and Jack Campbell.
Can we pull that video up?
Do you think he's more lethal and dangerous than Fudge Kid?
No, because Fudge Kid would buy that kid's entire family
and just own them.
Fudge Kid's so loaded.
What's that kid going to do? Scream swears at Fudge Kid's
bodyguard? And stab him.
And stab him.
Where do you think these Molotov cocktails
are being made? In this kid's
toy chest.
Can we pull that video up
by chance?
In the meantime, wait. the whole point uh fucking boss
the pizza thing to call for a boycott that to fuck with people's livelihoods i mean people
that's how they make their money how they pay their bills and shit that's that's why it's a
scumbag thing to do i get fans are fucking crazy but don't fucking call for a boycott from people's
businesses that's just dirty dirty shit and by the way at edmonton and vancouver would have only
had two series ever.
Edmonton beat them 3-0 in the first round back in 86.
Then they played a second round in 92.
Edmonton beat them 4-2.
Kind of a surprise, though.
Yeah, the big worry as an Oilers fan, if you're looking at worries,
would be if Pedersen really heats up and all of a sudden he's flying around
like he was first half of the season.
And if the PK is as good as it was against Nashville,
if their PK all of a sudden is,
if Edmonton goes over five tonight,
you're like,
all right,
that that's a,
that's a worry because they,
not only do they score off and they just build so much momentum.
So it's going to come down to special teams.
Like most of these series do look at Rangers Carolina.
And at the end of the day,
I think the drama is going to be incredible
and that's all we want I mean we all I want the Oilers to win but I just want an amazing series
and and if we get one it'll be memorable for sure yeah but you got a prediction for it I love this kid.
Wow.
Act like Boston people.
Fuck McDavid.
They had a parade after they won the first round, I was told.
They were parading around the streets after winning a first round series.
That doesn't happen in Edmonton. You go have some pops, you have a good time. Cheers, boys, on to
the second round. You're not running down the
street waving a flag telling players to suck
your dick when you're eight years old.
Yeah, you are.
Do you think
these stupid
music videos and songs that
Edmonton Oilers fans are creating are hurting their chances?
This is a worry.
And last night I sent Fish.
We can't even play it, which is unbelievable.
Why can't we play it?
I don't know.
It's all we can't play.
But it is.
It's not the best look for the Oilers fans.
What the factual fuck is this, Edmonton?
And we're not allowed to play these.
So you guys can go online and check them out.
They're the worst songs I've ever heard in my life.
There's two of them.
And I don't know.
There's one that says like game day treats for Uber Eats.
Like, I don't know what's going on.
I don't know if they're getting sponsored.
Well, if we lose, you can look back to those songs and be like, there it is.
Might have to double my Vancouver bet after seeing that shit.
You bet on Vancouver for the series, all right?
Yeah, I'm going to throw a little something on them.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you have a future on them?
That too, yeah.
I got a 59-0-1 future on them.
Plus, honestly, I think the odds are way too high.
I don't think they're
I agree with that.
I agree with that completely.
I'd like to hear Janz's thoughts on this series.
I don't even know if it's ever going to start Is it? When is the game?
It's fucking insane
They're just letting them rest
Letting their team
They got the biggest layup schedule
To get to the finals
I think for them
The other team is going to beat the shit out of each other
And then Edmonton
Is just going to walk to the Western conference finals
unscathed.
I feel like they walk through the Canucks.
I think they do,
but I don't want that eight year old kid coming at me.
Like,
yeah,
but if he's coming anywhere,
it's to my house.
Yeah.
I'll send him your,
my son outside,
beat the wheels off him.
Uh, I don't know. I think son outside. Beat the wheels off him.
I don't know.
I think it's going to be a good series.
I just think the power play is just going to be too lethal.
Obviously, like you guys said, Vancouver did a great job against Nashville.
But, I mean, that's a different beast coming in to your home building of Rogers Arena.
So, I think the power play is going to be huge.
They got to do a good job of playing hard on them and making it uncomfortable, especially guys like JT Miller,
even Pettersson. They have to be hard on McDavid and Dreissel, but you also got to do it at your
own risk where you can't be taking penalties, especially early in periods when the ice is good.
You can't be taking penalties when they have fresh ice snapping the puck around on the power play so i don't know i thought this game was going to go five i think
stoff kind of swayed me a little bit the only thing is their goalie i don't know if it's you
know he plays against nashville you know you're not facing conor mcdavid like it i would imagine
every goalie is like oh god i gotta face m got to face McDavid and Dreisaitl tonight.
Like, in the back of your mind, you're thinking of those guys.
They're a different beast.
Like, you're clinching up a little bit more.
You're probably not playing as loose as you are against, you know,
Nashville, who doesn't have the best player in the world right now.
But it's going to be interesting.
If he's one of those kids that just sees like, eh, you know what?
I'll go out and play, see how it goes, and plays like he did last year, the few games that he played,
I think it could be a different series.
But I definitely think that they're, you know, with talk,
they got the better coaching staff.
You know, talk, you got Adam Foote, Gonchar, I think, is there.
So they got some good coaches that have done a lot in this league.
They're going to know when to make their adjustments, know what to do. All those guys
played with superstars. They know how to get under superstars' skin. I think especially Adam
Foote, he was literally bred to get under superstars' skin. I think he's going to do a
good job of getting his guys ready to play
against Leon and Connor. But at the end of the day, I think,
I think that the Edmonton's their, their skill level, their you know,
compete to win is going to take over.
And you guys are talking about it with stuff and how,
how close of a group it seems like Edmonton is. It's, there's not much.
I mean, wait, you play there. There's not much to do in Edmonton.
They can't go out.
They're superstars there.
I would imagine those guys are spending a lot of time
at the rink with each other, hanging out
at guys' houses, hanging out
as a whole cohesive
unit. I think that
they're clipping at all cylinders
right now. I sure as hell wouldn't want to play them.
You think they're doing
late-night saunas after games like we were doing
and shaving each other's ball bags with one-blade Bic razors?
They probably will.
Yeah, maybe.
You never know.
They seem as tight as we were.
I wouldn't be surprised, I'll say, if they come out
and they're going after McDavid and Leon after whistles,
like Zdorov throwing vicious cross checks only almost at the beginning,
like being willing to take a couple penalties.
I know that goes against what everyone would think.
Stay out of the box.
Stay out of the box.
But they could look at it completely different.
Like we're going to try to like really like injure these guys.
I know that sounds bad.
I don't necessarily mean injure them, but just cross check after cross check after the whistle shit after the whistle just like he
said get under their skin and they have such big boys like ian cole's another guy he's a prick to
play against so if after every whistle you're just giving a little elbow if you're just throwing a
cross check at their ribs it's that stuff that maybe can wear them down over time.
And if they're able to get their PK going, then you feel even more free to do it.
You're like, all right, well, we can we can stop this power play.
I don't know if they'll be able to, but that could be a game plan.
But I actually thought there was a cool tweet that I saw recently of when the Oilers were at the darkest at the beginning.
I don't know.
I think they were getting waxed in Carolina during the beginning of this
horrible start to the season and the game's over and the clock's running
down and McDavid's just disgusted.
And then Leon just kind of gives him a tap on the,
just gives him a tap on the knee and they just kind of pound gloves like,
like,
like almost we'll get out of this.
Like this is fucking ridiculous right now,
but we'll get out of it.
So I think the closest of the team going through what they did at the
beginning of the year, coach fired, new coach comes in.
It sounded like it was over and,
and they've really kind of come together to become the best team in the league
since November.
And now you get to see them take on a bitter rival and an amazing all
Canadian matchup. So we can move on. It's going to be,
it's going to be amazing theater.
No doubt about that. But before we get to our next item, we have a word from our sponsor.
All right, everyone, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our good friends over at Verizon.
With Verizon's fast, reliable network,
you can stream playoff games on the go or at home
and keep up with all the action.
Verizon has you covered on all the playoff games
late nights at the office wherever you are whether you're at the bar room you want to watch the game
basketball football baseball we got you plus verizon makes it easy to save on streaming
the stanley cup playoffs for a limited time they're offering a great deal on the disney
bundle which includes disney plus hulu and esp+. Terrific bang for your buck here. You can stream select Stanley Cup playoff games,
including every game of the Stanley Cup Final on ESPN+.
Visit verizon.com slash barstool to learn more.
We had one note from the Bruins we didn't get to.
We have to congratulate Brandon Collar with his wife, Mason,
on the birth of his son, Crew.
Had him about 3 o'clock in the morning.
He actually got a P.J., flew Mason, on the birth of his son, Crew. Had him about 3 o'clock in the morning.
He actually got a P.J., flew down, made the game the other night, got his third career playoff goal.
Big goal for him.
So congrats, Brandon, to you and your wife, and good luck going forward.
Next up, Dallas, Colorado, man.
Dallas jumped out.
What a game.
Unbelievable. What a fucking game.
But this day and age, three goals, worst lead in hockey right now.
Colorado batt battle back,
tied up early in the third, end up winning it. Miles
Wood, overtime game winner.
Biz Nasty, what was your take on this?
Were you surprised? Not that they came back, but
just the overall result.
So before the game, I texted a group
chat. I thought that the legs for Colorado
were going to take over. And we talked about
sometimes that lull of
not being able to have playoff pace
being kept up in practice.
Therefore, a team coming off of a game seven, rolling into another series,
usually has that momentum of being in game shape and, you know,
just all those little tendencies.
But I felt that we talked about in the group chat, like Nate,
his level of practice intensity is probably much like Crosby's.
So they were probably fucking going hard and keeping it going. group chat like nate his level of practice intensity is probably much like crosby's so
they were probably fucking going hard and keeping it going now obviously they get down to that three
nothing lead early did you guys see was it josh manson yeah bad end of the first end of the first
period which would have made it for nothing that was such a key turning point and then after that
man like for forgiev is no longer ever since we call them that
i don't think he's allowed more than uh more than three goals since game one of that first round
and he stood on his head and then the pace took over macar from the back end the top dogs the
power play came through and even those those depth lines like ross Colton is a fucking workhorse,
and he's fast.
Miles Wood can move.
Him beating Hayskinen on that OT goal, he was shot.
They're playing 5D, and I think it's catching up to them.
I think it is too.
And the fact that they're probably not going to get Hockenpah back this series,
that Lundqvist guy just can't play.
He's playing like three, four minutes.
He's playing rempy minutes on the back end.
And even going back to, I want to say it was like game six or seven against Vegas, where
he got outside the dots and made the bad read.
Like even playing the limited number of minutes he is, he's still kind of making those mental
errors.
And when you're playing against a team like Colorado and how they can move and how they
can skate, I don't know, man.
5D, I think you're going to get chewed up big time and you're going to see the mistakes start to boil over.
Especially with a guy like Suter's no spring chicken either.
So let alone the young legs like Harley and Hayskin and those other guys.
I feel like Suter is the type of guy who could get exposed and around like this but
um overall like just very impressed by Colorado pouring it on and uh and the fact that they end
up pulling that one back man this could be an early exit just like it uh it was against the
Winnipeg Jets if they can't find a way to slow those big guys down um just quickly on that ot goal too i think because ottinger noticed that it was hayskinen
he didn't think that he was ever going to get beat to the inside therefore he kind of took that shot
angle more to the outside on the strong side maybe assuming that miles wood would only be able to
keep on that side and maybe beat him either short side or keep it going and then maybe a
potential wraparound but the minute he ends up getting the inside like he can normally go post
to post like see how far over in that first frame how far he is over left so when miles wood eventually
gets to the inside he can beat him on that other post because he doesn't end up sliding over all
the way where ottinger six six boys he can go he could be post to post him just lying down in the crease.
He doesn't even need to slide over.
So I felt like the fact that he was able to beat Haskinen played a major role in the fact that Ottinger was off his post that much.
So I don't know what else you guys saw from that game.
But fuck, man, the legs feed the wolf for Colorado.
I saw that.
Well, Heskinen's an amazing player.
Amazing.
Then you see Kael McCarr, and it's similar to how good Quinn Hughes is,
but then you see Kael McCarr.
It's not even.
Not close.
It's not even close.
This guy, it's incredible.
Earlier in the game, he had a rush up the right.
It looked like McDavid as like a right winger flying up.
And actually, I think it went off the post.
He hit the post early.
Three points last night.
Just dominates.
Doesn't have to play the entire game.
He could.
Doesn't really have to with who they have down there.
I thought Gerrard looked real good.
You brought him up on Sunday night, how good he looked out there. And then Manson's that guy on the back end,
saved the goal. Dallas, that's just tough. And you go down and I said they were dead against
Vegas losing their first two home games. They weren't. You ain't doing it again. You're not.
You lose first two at home against Vegas and you come back and win. That's shocking.
And it still took them seven. If they do it to Colorado with Colorado's home record being as good as it is,
that thing's done.
So it's weird to say a must-win game in game two of the second round,
but Colorado's home record's incredible.
And I don't know if Army sent the group chat a text last night.
When Colorado gets going, nobody tilts the ice like them.
It doesn't matter who Dallas has out there.
And to get that lead and to think the game's in control
and all of a sudden you're back on your heels for the next 40 minutes.
They had no chance to even really get chances at the end of that game.
I know in overtime they had a little.
But Miles Woods fast.
So it's like, yeah, Heskinen's tired, but he's enormous.
He can move, and he made a great move.
He made a great goal.
Also, Shoto wags.
Chris Wagner, Keith and I's buddy.
He went through a lot.
Tours Achilles I talked about.
He's in the lineup last night playing fourth line, running around.
I was happy for him.
So Colorado's flying.
They're buzzing.
They're a scary team right now.
Pasha said that Wood should be in the NHL at the end of last season.
Sucker now, Pasha.
Shocker.
Yeah, McCarty lead the NHL until actually tied with McDavid, 12 points.
I want to go back to this argument.
If Kael McCarty keeps doing what he's doing in these playoffs
and they go on to win and he wins another Conn Smythe,
are we talking about the Bob York conversation again?
Oh, it was the Lidstrom conversation
I thought. I said
that by the time it's all said and done,
given longevity, that he'll be the greatest
defenseman of all time.
Yeah, I know. I think I said
let's just wait
and see. I think it would be the same argument.
Yeah, your case would be a lot
more
foolproof and solid if he continues to do it.
But if we're going to say, let's just wait and see when it's all said and done,
you kind of got to wait.
I know we talked about Norris trophies.
Lindstrom has seven of them.
Now, did he ever win a Conn Smythe?
I think he did.
He did get one?
Wow.
I think he did against O2, one? I think he did against...
0-2, was it?
What? No, yeah.
I feel like I remember him raising...
0-1-0-2, Nick Lindstrom won the Kong Smites.
No shit, eh?
He became the first player
born outside North America to receive it.
What do you think about that one?
Which is rightfully so, because he is going to go down
as one of the Mount Rushmore of defensemen.
Oh, you're muted.
Lindstrom or Kel McCart?
Who did you say?
No, I said the argument.
By the time it's all said and done,
do you think what you see from Kel McCart
is more dominance
than what we saw from Lindstrom?
I don't know.
I thought because you guys  what was that, last episode you guys had that argument?
I think they just do it in such different ways.
Like McCarr is up in the play, buzzing around, dancing guys.
But Lindstrom just controlled the game so well.
Like he just sat in his rocking chair and just controlled the game
as well as anyone maybe ever.
Like, puck was on his stick.
It was out of the zone.
Puck was on his stick in the offensive zone.
It was a shot towards the net.
Never made mistakes.
Wasn't overly physical.
I'd say, I mean, they're both just dominant players.
Like, you don't have to say one's better than the other.
They're both amazing players that have changed the game in aspects.
Remember how Lindstrom used to ride guys out with his stick?
He didn't have to hit anyone.
He just rode guys out with his stick, picked your pocket, moved the puck up.
Makar's a little different.
He gets the net.
He's wheeling.
He's beating everybody.
A little more high-end skill, I'd say.
But I don't know.
Lindstrom, I think, is probably the smartest D-man to ever play the way he did it,
especially in the era that he did it.
Big physical guys.
He never got hit, didn't have to hit anyone.
So I don't know.
It's a tough argument.
They're both amazing.
They're both going to go down as top three, top five guys of all time.
We've got to talk about Natchewski, too.
He's got goals in six straight, just one shy from tying
Sackick and Lemieux for the franchise record.
Also, just the third player with the postseason opening
goal streak of six-plus games.
Pat Longfontein had seven back in 92,
and Marty Havlitt had six in 06.
Also, this is kind of a weird stat.
Pete DeBoer, 0-5 in Game 1 since he's been with the Stars.
That's kind of an anomaly for a guy who's track picking.
Nachushkin should sign with Vegas.
He shouldn't have to play in the regular season.
He's just an absolute animal in the postseason.
The way this guy, he could take the entire regular season off,
and then he's just a different guy in playoffs.
It's unbelievable.
I know you guys have said it.
The one year he had no goals and no penalties,
and then you see him in playoffs.
It's like this guy is absolutely made for playoffs.
Russian gas is what happened.
How about that video of Landis Kogs out on the ice?
I don't know.
It certainly doesn't seem like it'd be this series,
but he's full gear.
He's out there skating.
Imagine if they fucking got him back in the mix
in the conference finals or the finals if they made it.
I feel like we've been,
since we've been talking about all the studs on the ice,
I feel like we talk about this guy every podcast now.
Wyatt Johnson with another one.
I think he has goals in, what, five that nice one touch feed but I just feel like the way that his the puck pops off his
blade like goalies can't read it he's got this like quick subtle release where he doesn't even
need to he doesn't need this big wind up like even on this one it just feels like he gets like taps
the puck and all of a sudden it's going roof job. Even the one against Logan Thompson last series
where he ended up going up top.
The OT winner.
Like he didn't, you know, it's just so.
He just flicks it.
He just like flicks it, whether it's even a snapshot
or even a quick wrister like old school Joe Sackick.
He just has such a deceptive shot and it's beaten goalies clean.
And by the time it's in the net,
they're stunned that it came off his
stick that quick. So this kid
continues to produce
come playoff
time, and the guy can't even drink in the States
yet. He is just a seasoned
vet out there. Probably
doesn't have his fucking driver's license.
Remember, first round
though, Ottinger was kind of brutal in game one against Vegas.
So hopefully he kind of bounces back.
He ended up being great in that series,
some awesome goaltending battles.
They're going to need him to be better.
You got a 3-0 lead.
You get a goalie like that, you got to close that one out.
Yeah, absolutely, Whit.
Yeah, 22 saves on 26 shots.
And Whit, I'm sorry, Biz, he's going to be 21 on Tuesday.
Well, Johnston, imagine that.
Oh, he is?
Not even 21 yet.
Yeah, pretty crazy.
Well, hey, we always talk, what's Merle's quote?
It's like, let's see how good he is when he figures out booze and women.
Well, here you go.
He's turning of age.
Let's see.
All of a sudden.
You see him like these rappers at the Dallas Strip Club, of age. Let's see. All of a sudden you see
these rappers at the Dallas
Strip Club just fucking blowing a signing
bonus. Going Johnny
Manziel. Doing honkers.
Doing
fucking bumps off of fucking
glass boobs nipples.
How about the fact they got
Glassbanger and Titscgee collabing up at the
at the game now that girl's back hey have you seen some of her photos on uh
on only fans and stuff like they were leaked oh god i have not sent them to the group
i guess the merry guys aren't going to chime in all right i'll let you fall through with this
have you seen natty g's OnlyFans picks?
No, I haven't.
No, I'm not.
I'll send them over.
Yeah, send them to the group.
I bought her Fleshlight on Amazon today.
Warm apple pie.
Fucking, yeah, that's bananas.
Bananas.
San Jose won the draft lottery last night,
expected to make Macklin Celebrini the first overall pick.
The rest of the order are San Jose, Chicago, Anaheim, Columbus, Montreal,
Utah, Ottawa, Seattle, Calgary, New Jersey, Buffalo, Philly,
Minnie, San Jose again from Pittsburgh, Detroit, St. Louis.
Gary confirmed the draft will indeed be at the Sphere.
So it should be one of the most unique drafts ever.
I mean, and this building, because the reason they have things in this venue is because the whole light aspect to it.
So I'm really I can't wait to actually go to the draft next time.
It's going to be wild.
Every draft eligible player has to take a shroom before he walks into the barn.
Just one?
It should be cool.
I don't know how they'll use the state of the art stuff they have in that building to make it even better. But we'll be cool. I don't know how they'll use the state-of-the-art stuff they have in that building to make it even better,
but we'll be there.
We got to go there for some Pink Whitney stuff to get to experience the whole wild scene that seems like it is there.
And I think it'll be great.
It's also the last draft that'll be held the way it is now where all the teams are together.
Then they're going to do it like the NFL where everyone's back at their
buildings and back at their kind of home basis because they have free agency
right after,
which kind of makes sense.
So last draft where there's a bunch of tables,
all the teams are there,
all the representatives,
and we'll see what happens.
Macklin Celebrini going one.
And then in talking to certain people,
I think,
I think it's one of those years,
like two to seven is depending on the team picking.
It could be a completely different order.
It's a wide-open race for the next five spots.
I guess there's that Demidov kid from Russia,
but nobody's seen him unless you're Russian.
Nobody's seen this kid play because they haven't played in any international events.
You can watch online, I guess.
I guess he crushed the AHL of the KHL's playoffs
and has been lighting it up there.
A lot of defensemen. We'll see how it
goes. But Macklin, number one.
The shooting off from Michigan
State, I think, is a stud as well, too,
with that defenseman.
I'd have a tough time taking a college
defenseman over
Zeev Bouyam. That's what I
was just going to ask you. He's got to be up there.
Yeah, I would think so.
But they're saying this kid at Michigan State, he's bigger,
skates maybe a little bit better.
I don't know.
When you say bigger, how much bigger?
That kid that we went and saw, the one for Denver,
how do you say his last name?
Bouyam.
Bouyam?
He's 6'2".
Like, he's a big guy.
Oh, yeah.
I think this kid's a monster, this dude on Michigan State.
Oh, okay.
Is Celebrini going to turn pro right away?
No, I hope not.
He's only 6'2".
He's 6'2", as well, the defenseman from Michigan State.
Man, I think from what I've seen on TV, he looks bigger,
but maybe I just didn't notice well enough. But
Celebrini, I don't really see why
he'd leave yet because you said he doesn't turn
18 until right before the draft.
So, what's
the rush with San Jose being so bad
right now? But maybe he just thinks,
I've done everything I can do and it's time to move
on and get this thing going.
But I hope he goes back to BU.
A lot of people thought
Bucci spilled the beans last night when he took the picture
from rehearsal and had that
fake draft order. Everyone thought he fucking
blew it. But I mean, I couldn't imagine Bucci
would, there it is right there, the picture right there.
I couldn't imagine a million years Bucci would have fucked
that up like that. Well, it was just a run
through and people started flipping out
because of the issues they've had with the lottery
or the issues people to the league to have
had, but then he deleted it.
So then people were like, Oh my God, like it made it even more.
I think if he'd left it up there,
maybe people would have realized that it was just a run through, but still,
it got the internet buzzing.
Certainly did.
All right.
Before we get to a couple of news stories here,
here's a word from one of our sponsors.
All right, before we get to a couple more news stories here, here's a word from one of our sponsors. All right, guys, I want to talk to you about our good friends at The Farmer's Dog.
I've long been an advocate of if you want your dog to live a long, happy, healthy life,
you have to feed it good food.
And that's what we have here with The Farmer's Dog.
The days are warmer, the walks are longer,
and the one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from the Farmer's Dog.
The Farmer's Dog makes real, fresh dog food and delivers it right to your door.
Recipes are developed by vet nutritionists, made from real meat and veggies, and portioned just for your dog.
Making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real food with real benefits.
It's smart, healthy pet food.
You can feel good about feeding your pup.
It's the best option for dogs of all stages of life because it's not kibble.
It's not can goo.
It's real healthy food.
Traditional dry and wet dog foods are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim
to, and are extremely, extremely difficult to portion accurately. The farmer's dog isn't just
fresh, high quality food. They also send pre-portioned specifically for your dog based
on your dog's unique needs. See ravioli, this is her chicken recipe. She loves the chicken
and it says her name right on it.
It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old.
It's always the right time to begin investing in their health.
And that means more happy, healthy, and full years together.
Get 50 off your first box of fresh, healthy food at thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets.
Plus, you get free shipping.
Just go to thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets. Plus, you get free shipping. Just go to thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets
to get 50 off.
That's thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys, a lot of coaching news this week.
The Ottawa Senator is named Travis Green,
the new head coach.
He was interim coach for the Devils
the last 21 games after they fired Lindy Ruff.
He had gone 8-12-1. Prior to that, he coached the Canucks. He was fired 25 games the Devils the last 21 games after they fired Lindy Ruff. He had gone 8-12-1.
Prior to that, he coached the Canucks.
He was fired 25 games into his fifth season.
He made the playoffs once in his third season.
335 games, he's got a 473-point percentage.
Sends have missed the playoffs the last seven years.
I know a lot of people seem to be underwhelmed by this sign.
What's your deal on this, Biz?
I think that people like and want to see new blood.
I think that Ottawa did interview some, I don't want to say more qualified.
I feel like maybe that comes off as disrespectful,
but maybe some bigger names as far as head coaches
and couldn't come to an agreement and figure something out.
So he seemed to be the best fit.
I believe he signed a
four-year deal which was i thought was a pretty lengthy term maybe given the type type of leverage
he would have had trying to get a head coaching job because i don't know how many options he would
have had so hey at least he gets his stability uh played against him in a calder cup final when he
coached with utica which was van was Vancouver's farm team at the time.
Actually, Markstrom was a goalie.
And then obviously he went on to Vancouver.
And I don't know how Vancouver fans would deem his success there,
but I'm interested to see what he can do with this group.
But I don't want to say lazy hire.
I would have liked to maybe see them go off the board
and get somebody different.
I kind of view him as maybe similar to DJ Smith,
but he's ultimately going to have to get all these younger players
in that core group to buy in.
They're going to have to figure out how to produce,
but yet have some form of structure.
Because when I think of Ottawa, and a lot of people who are Ottawa fans
might blame goaltending this past season because their goaltending was horrendous. form of structure because when I think of Ottawa and a lot of people who are Ottawa fans might
blame goaltending this past season because their goaltending was horrendous they couldn't get a
save to save their life but they also give up a lot to try to get a lot and I kind of view them
as very similar to Buffalo they need a coach that's going to go in there and teach them how
to play structured uh proper hockey that's going to lead to success
and then also potentially playoff success.
So let's see if he can get through to those guys.
And I would say, looking at it right now,
like a C-minus higher, if that's fair.
Oh.
Is that low?
That's a pretty low grade.
You're not going to get into many...
71.
What? 71. Or even a 70. It's a pretty low grade. You're not going to get into many. 71. What?
71.
Or even a 70.
It's a passing grade, but I don't view it any worse than like going back to Lindy Ruff in Buffalo.
What?
What did you have?
I was kind of surprised.
It seems like, you know, things haven't gone great for him at the NHL level as a head coach.
Apparently in Vancouver, he's pretty hard on guys, which maybe Otto was looking at.
Like, we need a little bit of a prick in here.
It seems like maybe those guys need to be just  I think Brady doesn't need that.
But I think there's maybe some other guys like Stutzel, while so dynamic and offensively talented, like you got to play the other side of the puck a little bit better.
Babson, they got a young, nice core.
Biz mentioned the goaltending, but with coaches like, yeah, you could kind of say right away,
wow, they hired Travis Green, a little bit surprised about that.
It's not fair though, until the season starts, like this guy could go in there and this team
could really respond to how he coaches.
You would think he'd make it a tough training camp.
He'd have to have these guys on their toes from the get-go.
I mean, a four-year deal was very surprising.
I didn't even know that until you said that, Biz.
I mean, that's a long time.
That's a long commitment.
Long commitment, but it's really hard to judge.
I saw the name similar to Lindy Ruff.
You're like, wow, really?
That is the
thing like biz said i just am so much more interested in guys who haven't coached in the
nhl before and and a guy who's who's played who's coached these younger type players and realize how
to get through to them maybe a little bit more than somebody who played in the nhl a long time
in the 80s and 90s who has that old school mentality that oftentimes just doesn't seem to
work now but what if he goes in there and they get some goaltending
and he has these guys playing a completely different style hockey and it's great.
Then you could see the Ottawa fans who are furious.
Because overall, I think Ottawa fans are pretty pissed off about it.
But they'll be singing a different tune if they have a nice start.
They have to.
I mean, how long can this team continue to be
them and Buffalo are just in the doldrums.
And then you've got to worry about, like, if you're Brady Kachuk
and you go, you know, you sign your coach four years
and your team doesn't make the playoffs the next four years,
like Brady sees what his brother's done down here in Florida,
like at what point are those guys, him, Stutzel, you know,
at what point are those guys going to want to leave, right?
So you've got to bring a coach in that's going to get you into the playoffs, because at the end of the day, when you're a player, you just want to play in playoffs.
Whether, you know, you played in a million of them or you've never played in any of them.
You're like you just want that opportunity to have a chance to win the Stanley Cup.
And I think it's got to turn around quick for them there.
Guys are it's going to be one of those places where guys
aren't going to want to go.
Six years in the league now, Brady Kachuk
hasn't had a playoff game. That is a
guy that's just... We need
him. Fan bases
need him. He needs to do it. That's what his
game's all about. You see Matthew.
At some point, yeah, dude, they have another
bad year. He could be like, I don't want
to be here anymore. The Rumor Boys have their boots on the ground here in Hoboken,
and we are hearing that he could be coming to New Jersey.
He married a Jersey girl.
He just bought property in New Jersey.
He said that on our show.
Get ready for the fucking senator's army to come after you
because I said there was a chance someday he'd be traded,
and they lost their minds on me.
Who would you move?
Everyone.
I asked Pasha about this. I asked
Whit about this. Would you guys do Simone
Nemec for Brady Kachok one for one?
I would do that in a second.
Yeah. You think Ottawa
would do that? No.
If they want to build from the
back end, they already have Sanderson.
I think I would do that. I think I would do that.
I think I would do that, and I would get rid of Shabbat.
I don't think Shabbat's going to bring them to the promised land,
especially if it's Kaepernick.
I think he's a poor man's Carlson.
But if you were Ottawa's GM, you'd trade Kachuk for Nemec
and then trade Shabbat?
You want to get fired the fans would fucking burn your house down oh no i i i think that i would obviously try to
get something back for shabbat i think that that would be an oh if you're talking kachuk and shabbat
for for nemik no that's not a good trade no i, I didn't mean that. I just mean Kachuk for Nemec.
Oh, okay.
I also found it interesting that that Holtz kid
didn't make Team Sweden for the World Championship.
So there's a lot of action going down between those two teams.
I would like to see a major trade go down.
Brady Kachuk is related to Tom Fitzgerald.
People forget that.
Oh, wow. Brady Kachuk is related to Tom Fitzgerald people forget that oh wow
I would like to see Holtz and
Simone Nemec for Brady Kachuk
and Shabbat that would be a fun trade
that is the most one sided deal
of all time I think
based on
where you I see
Nemec's potential more than Shabbat's
I know and I think
Brady Kachuk
compared to Alexander Holtz
is like me compared to Nick
Lindstrom. Well, I know you probably have to
send over some high-end draft
picks too, but at a certain point you want
players as well, right?
So, I don't know. We're just
speculating right now, but I know that
the Holtz
needs to show a lot more next year
because I think Lindy Ruff was ready to pull out
his hair or whatever little he had left
having to deal with him.
Brady's got four more years left, a little over
8.2 mil. He's going to cap them and they're not going
to trade him. Why the friggin' would Otto even trade him?
At a certain point, Andre, in today's
NHL, it has nothing to do with what the team
wants. The inmates
run the asylum now, if there's anything
that we've learned. As far as Travis
Green, Coach Vancouver, they were in very much
a transition period at the time. Thomas
Drance, who writes for The Athletic, he covered them
back in Vancouver. He said he really liked the
high F.O. auto. He cited his work with developing
youngsters and his approach to analytics.
I think a lot of people might be surprised
by this signing. We'll
keep you abreast of what goes on.
The Blues named Drew Bannister the 27th head coach of franchise history
after he took over on an interim basis in December when Craig Berube was fired.
The team went 30-19 in 500.
He signed a two-year extension.
Underneath him, the Blues went from 31st on the power play to 13th,
20th on the penalty kill to 13th, and 23rd in goals against per game to 12.
Yeah, do you know anything about Andrew Bannister?
Have you ever met him?
Have you heard anything around the campfire at all, no?
No, no, nothing.
He was with their minor league team, right?
So I don't know.
He's been with them.
Armstrong probably is familiar with him.
I'm sure it's one of those things.
Give him his chance at the end of the year.
Like you rattled off some stats, sound like you put them in a better place. probably he's familiar with them. I'm sure it's one of those things. Give him his chance at the end of the year.
You rattled off some stats,
sound like you put them in a better place.
So yeah, it's one of those.
I don't know anything about him.
What about you, Biz?
I could care less, really.
I'm just like all the Blues.
They just don't really do it for me right now.
A little bit of a boring squad who's in a weird spot in their franchise.
Moving right along, congratulations
to Winnipeg Jets coach Rick Bonas.
He retired on Monday after 40
years of coaching in the NHL.
He was a head coach for seven different
franchises over 14 seasons,
including both versions of the Winnipeg Jets.
He went to the 2020 Stanley Cup
with Dallas, of course. He worked behind
a bench in five decades in his 2,726 games as an NHL coach,
the most by anyone in league history.
Right now, the Sharks, Jets, and Kraken are the only three teams without a coach.
But let's go back to Bones.
Great guy, Witt.
I know we had him on the show a few years ago on an old episode.
Awesome.
It was 302 back in October 2020, if you want to check it out.
Just a great guy. I think one of the most wall-like
guys around the league with.
He was awesome when he came on
our show. Great storyteller.
And when you've been around the game that long,
you have so many different memories.
So many different generations he's coached.
I remember when he was head coach of the Bruins for a minute,
R.A. And that, what was that?
30 years ago? Close to it?
So it's just wild to see that
somebody's seen that many great players, seen the game change that much and see how basically like
the game was one way and now it's a complete opposite way and you survived through it all.
So I think it's just an amazing story. I met his son who I believe works for Ottawa now.
He lived out in Scottsdale biz, I think, for a little while. But a good
person, a great coach.
The game will miss him. I'm sure he'll miss the
game. Like, talk about, you got
guys playing 10, 12 years in the NHL
and they don't know what to do when they're done. Imagine
being a part of the league for 50 years.
Camp's going to come around and be like, what the fuck?
But amazing experience for that
guy as a coach of so many different teams
and all the success he had.
Congratulations to him.
One time I was young in Scottsdale.
I was golfing after the season, and I see a cart coming at us,
and he drove over like three holes just to come over and say hello to us.
And it was kind of one of those things where I was like, wow,
this is how the NHL is such a union, you know, like guys, you know,
being together and always, you know,
at the end of the day, we're all on the same team.
And that kind of, it's one of those things I try to do it to, you know,
I do it now myself.
You see someone that plays in the league,
you might not think they know who you are,
but you go over and introduce yourself.
So just the class act he is.
All right.
Well said boys.
Yeah.
Bones.
He's on episode 302.
If you want to check it out, enjoy your time at Bones.
Great career. There's your boys, the Leaf leafs they're holding a presser on friday there's a lot of speculation there could be a major restructure in the front office uh nobody
knows what's going on also there could be a change with the coach uh any insight biz you're gonna
hear any scoop or what i don't i think all signs lead to the fact that they're gonna make a coaching
change um i'll say it again i think i
mentioned it last pod like i would be okay if they ran it back one more year because they don't
really have the options as far as maybe players and i don't i'm not inside the locker room i don't
know how they respond to keep like at the end of the day like if you have certain players making
too much money and you can't address other areas and that's what's not getting you over the hump.
What the fuck is the coach supposed to do now?
People who follow the Leafs even more closely, maybe they wouldn't like his adjustments or what he's doing from and working with the players.
I don't really know, but like I think it might be time to move on, given the fact that that's probably the only answer to calm down the fan base.
And if they can get Berube, then go get Berube.
But I have nothing against Keefe and if they were to roll it back one more year.
I don't know what's going to happen with the Marner situation.
I would imagine they probably look to move on from him too,
but he has all the control.
He's got a no-move clause.
And then you've got JT with the same thing, making the money that he's making,
but only one more year.
So it kind of ends up just becoming a how do we answer to the fans
and make a change, and what options do we have?
And, I mean, would you guys agree that all signs lead to the fact
that they're going to move on from Keefe?
I would think so.
I think so,. I think so.
But I think this is Tree Living's first time to really put his stamp on the organization.
I think since he's been there, it's kind of been Dubas' leftovers a little bit.
So I trust Tree.
You know, we had him in Phoenix.
I think he's an amazing guy, smart hockey mind, amazing off the ice too.
What an unbelievable guy.
But I think this is his chance to put a stamp on
what he wants to see out of the team,
whether it's with Keefe or without him.
I think that the decisions
are for him to make.
I think he's going to make the best decision
for that team.
It could be more than that too.
Lots of speculation.
They're saying the new CEO
doesn't see a reason to spend money on a president.
There should be one guy, a GM, who answers all the questions.
That's who he meets with.
I think that, obviously, Shani was there more as a consultant,
especially when they had Dubas, where Shani's been around a long time.
He knows a lot more as a player and maybe has more of a vibe for what's
happening in the locker room.
And maybe players trusted him a little bit more to go talk to where I don't
know what he makes and given the lack of success and the fact that he's also
got his fingerprints all over the team.
Yeah.
Maybe they end up parting ways with him.
I think he's been the highest paid president over the last 10 years with the
Leafs. So I don't know. I don't know. I don he's been the highest paid president over the last 10 years with the Leafs.
I don't know. I don't know what
it is, but I definitely would say
if I can guarantee one thing and I had
to make a guess, it would definitely be
a coaching change.
She had to hear up on trivia, by
the way, on our little trivia game.
Some finalists were announced for the Hot Trophy. No
surprises here. Nate Dogg, Kucherov,
McDavid. The Ted Lindsey Award finalists just came out a few minutes ago as well.
Kucherov, McKinnon, and Matthews.
A little bit of a difference there.
No surprises here.
We surprised, I guess, that McDavid wasn't on one.
Yeah, a little bit.
Considering it was the players' vote,
that just maybe shows that players appreciate 69 goals.
That could have been like 75 considering the last
two games of the year when he had like 40 shots on net it felt like players are just looking at
that like holy shit you see how hard it is to score in the nhl and then you realize like this
guy deserves to be on our mvp ballot whereas maybe the media side of it just sees mcdavid's as stoff
called it like video game cheat mode so it's maybe more a little respect from players for goal scoring,
which kind of went against what I was saying,
where I said the 100 assists was more impressive than the goals.
But it's a win-win, right?
I don't think anyone would have complained if McDavid wasn't on there
or was on there.
It's just like these seasons were so amazing by four or five different guys.
I mean, Panarin, he's got the biggest beef out of anyone.
He's not on either.
So it was just an amazing statistical year for so many different guys in the league.
And I actually like that it's a little different for the Ted Lindsey,
just to create a little bit of a wrinkle in that within the players
having a different opinion than the media.
KY, any opinion within the players having a different opinion than the media okay why any uh
opinion on the or players are sick and tired of mcdavid cooking them therefore they won't vote
him for the ted lindsey yeah it might be one of those things that the players like yeah he's going
to be up for this every single year for the rest of his career let's give it to somebody else but
yeah i don't know i mean i think if i was ever up for one of those, I'd want to be the Lindsay one, right?
Like the one that the players choose because, you know,
they're the ones you're out battling with every night.
Obviously, McDavid does it every year.
69 goals is insane.
You can't not  I don't know.
I think, Biz, you were the one who said  I agree with Biz there
that scoring is harder than getting assists.
And what he did this year scoring goals and
and you know putting that team on his back was uh was pretty impressive but yeah congrats to all
those guys on on getting nominated obviously only one guy is going to win each and but amazing
seasons out all of them but a lot of rating stories because obviously with tnt you hear
about them all the time but the bruins maples game seven averaged 3.2 million viewers on ESPN slash ABC.
Oh, there it is right there.
Ranks as the most watched first round game since 2012.
And the largest first round game.
Oh, holy shit.
Kush.
Oh, he scared the fuck out of me.
Whose dog is that?
Did we talk about this on last show?
Dan stole it.
Holy shit.
My dog, Kush.
All right, take two.
Yeah, ranks as the most watched first-round game since 2012,
the largest first-round game seven audience in NHL history.
So good stuff from ESPN.
By the way, loving using those clips, man.
Everyone's been chiming in on that stuff.
We can use the clips on the show now.
That's a huge aspect, man.
People can see what we're talking about.
Good stuff, ESPN.
Thanks for letting us use that stuff. Boys, did you guys
catch the Tom Brady roast over the
weekend? I caught all the clips.
I haven't watched it yet.
Nikki Glaser gets me going.
Going.
She's so fucking good, man.
She's amazing.
She was the best by far melted that place down too it was
it was good stuff yeah it was kind of long they should have just had all comedians like no athletes
are gonna you know really give it to another i thought they did an exceptional job given the
fact that they have no history in like comedy you gotta think that those jokes were written
for him though i think i think gronk said that he wrote a few on his own.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I think they were open about what they got help with
and what they didn't.
And I thought from a delivery standpoint that that majority
of the football guys did a great job of going up there.
Now, Ben Affleck, what's up with Ben Affleck?
I mean, you guys are an awesome guy.
He's just an angry fuck.
I actually did miss him.
I saw him when I was watching the other night.
I got to go back.
He was one of the only ones I missed, so I didn't see it.
Drew Bledsoe was incredible, though.
I haven't watched yet, Biz.
Was he pissed off?
He started going after the keyboard warriors.
I mean, it would be like me going in our chat right now
and fucking starting to give it to you guys
about all the trash talking
you're doing they're just online mutants you got to give them you know take them for what they are
biz we should have a roast on you get some comedians in there would be so good do it in a
second i mean you guys do it all the time anyway just basically like being back in the coyotes
locker room oh yeah you guys you you donor gordo all you guys just picking on me the whole time
that's what i thought i was there for i was basically the team piata just wheels off me
remember the one time they were going to send you down we were like no we need someone to make fun
of hey i think that after didn't didn't at some point you guys have to go in because like i just
had all these crazy antics like all the bullshit that that came with it, the Twitter, all the stuff.
And I think they were going to send me down, and Tip told them,
and they were like, no.
Yeah, like, no, we need him.
They were like, he doesn't do anything.
We're like, yeah, he does.
He plays music.
They're like, he needs this money.
He's already spent all the money.
He thought he was automatically up all year.
I'm going to be getting hit up for IOU.
He's got IOUs at the W.
He's got IOUs at the W, Scottsdale.
Biz was famous for, you know, remember old school
like, alright, the bill's 1,500.
Everyone give me 500. He's making
out like an extra
250. He was famous for that.
Overcharging, guys.
Putting out my credit
card, getting all the air miles.
Getting the point.
Well, boys,
another fun show. I love doing this live stuff.
A couple of big games tonight, a few more later in the
week, and Game Notes Friday, and
we'll see you Monday once again for
our next episode.
Are you wearing pants right now? No.
I was walking, and you stood
up, and I had to see your diaper.
Dude, we were... We had those I was walking, and you stood up, and I had to see your diaper. Dude, we were.
He wears those old, like, cloth ones, too.
We were recording.
Like, we were in break.
I don't know how that showed up.
They were like ramen noodles.
Yeah, but he said nude ones.
No, I don't know.
We've got more free frigging underwear on the show over the years, so who knows where they're from.
But anyways, guys, great show.
Thanks for tuning in, and we'll see you next week.
Thanks for letting me in.
Hey. So good.
Come on. She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell, shit
She had it with a cheap shot, a cheap shot Outro Music
