Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
It's my duty to please the booty.
And Muzz got mad at me. The coach said, he goes, Jesus Christ, why don't you just wear two nines?
And I went, okay.
Stop! I'll switch the car!
Please, please, please never do that.
Yep.
Stop.
Hello. That's the power of the game. Please never do that. Yep. Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 499 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam, vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, gang?
Second round in full swing.
We've got some wacky guests today. But first, we have a word from one of our delightful sponsors.
Gang, you know the drill.
The pink stuff.
Pink Whitney.
Head over to your local bar and make sure to order some of this stuff.
The birdie juice.
You might have seen me have a couple of nips on one or two of those sandbaggers or chicklets cup or whatever.
It's exceptionally smooth. Great taste on vodka or two of those sandbaggers or chiclets cup or whatever it's exceptionally smooth
great taste on vodka with notes of refreshing lemon pink whitney is the number one flavored
vodka i think in the galaxy i'm not mistaken listen hit your local bar maybe a local liquor
store grab some of the pink stuff summertime is here it's the best time on the rocks maybe a little
club soda oh can't wait the warm weather is coming and now they have the 1.75 liter bottle more of the pink whitney we know and love great for parties and sharing with
friends and you know pool parties are going to be open fourth of july all kinds of fun stuff
so take your shot with pink whitney
oh what a start r.a that little That a boy. Little pink Whitney ad.
Paul, we're going to go to you first.
Paul, Mr. TNT, Biz Nasty, Biz Sanet.
How we doing, my man?
You've been grinding like a mofo lately.
I'm good, other than fucking dodging Bruins fans in my DMs,
telling them I'm a homer, I don't know anything,
I hate the Bruins, and I'm being biased on the broadcast.
Bruins fans might be the biggest fucking babies online.
That's all I'm going to say until we get into things.
G, that includes you.
Oh, take a shot.
Is that chime in there, G?
No?
He's going to fucking go.
I mean, what am I going to say right now?
Like, yeah, I've been bitching nonstop online for three days.
The refs have been brutal, but that's not why they're losing.
We'll get into the B's in a sec here, but
that's not why they're losing. They've been dominated
90 of this series.
Thank you. Thank you.
A sensible take from a Bruins fan.
We got a couple special
guests today. Witt's away today. He's got some family
stuff. He'll be back Wednesday, so I will be thinking of
him, but usual suspect
Matt Murley. What's going on, big guy? How you hitting her oh I thought it was up in Edmonton I thought he
went up there to take care of some business that the rest of that team didn't do
we'll get to that I hope later as well oh yeah absolutely that's second on our agenda
yeah hey both captains for for the Oil Oilers and Bruins have been getting some cheap shots the last couple games.
So we will get to that very quickly, Murr.
Absolutely.
Not done introducing yet.
The man himself, Keith Yandel.
What's up, buddy?
Thanks for joining us once again.
What's up, fellas?
Good to be here.
All right.
You call me wacky is pretty fucking out of control, by the way.
Yeah, agreed.
Agreed.
You don't think you're a little wacky sometimes?
I mean, coming from you, it's a little strong.
I mean, yeah, I would say I'm a little wacky,
but I'm not a fucking R.A.
Well, you did say when you got on,
you got to take your pants off to get ready for the stream here.
Because this guy's been going pantless.
R.A. showed his gaunt a couple weeks ago.
Jesus Christ.
Have you been watching a ton of hockey,
and has your most watched series been the Boston, Florida one?
Yeah, yeah.
I've been paying very close attention to that one.
It's been a fun series.
Yeah, I've been watching all the games.
I mean, some of them are a little late, but catching up in the mornings.
Great hockey so far.
Great hockey. Obviously, obviously we're gonna dive
into a lot of it but uh some fun stuff going around and you know especially makes it fun for
uh schmoes like us to talk offline he liked the goal last night too he liked the goalie
interference goal like what the fuck oh wow yeah surprisingly okay well all right we're gonna throw
it back over to you to say whatever you gotta got to say, but you've got to tee this bad boy up
because we've got some drama on Beasland.
Yeah, absolutely.
We might as well jump right into game four.
We can get to the earliest stuff in the series.
Huge controversy last night.
Beas are up 2-1.
Sam Bennett absolutely cross-checks Charlie Coyle into his home goalie.
Everyone in the building, I think everyone on Twitter,
thought the goal was going to be reversed.
They looked at it for a long time, and they let it stand.
I don't understand it, Biz. I know you
thought they should have reversed it as well.
So now it's 2-2. Bruins are
on a pile. I'm sorry. Bruins got a penalty. They didn't
score on that in Florida, but it just changed the whole complexion
of the game, whole complexion of the series.
And I don't know. I don't get it. I mean, even Tim
Peel, he reffed the league. He texted me last night.
He's like, what's up with that call? This guy reffed the league
and he didn't understand what was going on.
So Tim Peel didn't like it either.
All right, okay, good to know.
Now, Jens, you have a strong opinion about it,
the fact that you think it should have counted.
Gee, what do you want?
I just don't think it's changed the whole complexion of the series at all.
I just think that's like they've been dominated from this series.
After game one, they played a great game. Games two, games three,'s like, they've been dominated from the series after game one, they played a great game games, two games, three games for they've been absolutely dominated.
They don't deserve to be in the series right now. So I don't think, was that a big call in that
game? Absolutely. Did it change that game? Yeah, it did a bit, but they, they were out. They,
they had 18 shots to 42 shots, 14 to two in the third period, four minor penalties. They've been in the box the whole fucking series.
It just they've been dominated.
So I don't like how Bruins fans they're coming at me.
They're coming at everyone online saying, oh, like this, this, the whole series has changed now because of this one call.
And it was a big call in the series.
But at the same time, they have been dominated from start to finish in this series.
But at the same time, they have been dominated from start to finish in this series.
I'll tell you where the Bruins lost the game last night is when I heard the entire crowd chanting,
shoot the puck, shoot the puck.
Oh, no, really?
That is not.
Save that for the fans that don't know anything about hockey.
Boston fans, you got to be better about that. Granted, do you want them
to shoot it on the power play coming from a guy
who never shot? Probably, yeah,
but, I mean, they're
the ones out there doing their job. They know what they're
doing. I don't think they need to hear
18,000 people screaming
shoot the puck, but as far as the
goal... Drunken idiots in the crowd, the same
ones that are in fucking DMs who don't
understand the game.
Now, you were okay with it, Keneit.
I'm shocked to hear that.
Well, R.A. saying it's a wicked cross-check, I think
is a little over the top.
I think he pushed him.
However he did it, he sent him into his
goalie.
From what I've been told is that
you can't call that back unless you're going to call
a penalty.
So he would have had to call Bennett on Coyle for cross-checking, which they didn't.
You can't review a penalty.
Obviously, he might not get the puck if he doesn't push him.
I thought it was a headsy play by Bennett pushing him to be able to separate himself and get some room and bang that one in. But I thought it was a heady play by him,
just kind of making room for himself, pushing him into the goalie.
And, you know, whether it gets called back or it doesn't,
he made the right play.
And at the end of the day, they got the goal.
So it kind of reminds me of the one, was it Shea who got it when he pushed Trocek?
Yeah.
Just like with where he got him and obviously with C obviously with coils momentum going that way into the net.
Now I agree with you.
If that's a,
like a high slot opportunity where you kind of get that push off there and
then he would be able to get the shot off.
I don't think,
I don't think one time out of 10,
it would be called a penalty,
but because it just so happened to be at the top of the crease and he
pushed him into Swayman.
I thought that they were going to call it back
and the fact that it was Bennett.
And people say, well, what does that have to do with it?
I'm thinking if you're at the league
and you understand that this guy just got away
with murder the game before,
the new clip has came out that you might,
from like a, in the back of your mind perspective,
say, you know what?
The fact that he's even playing, he should have probably got a game suspension.
And now that he's cross-checking the guy in the back at the top of the crease
into the goalie, which at that point, R.A., I agree with you.
He couldn't get up and make that save.
And people's other argument are Swayman's been making those types of saves
all series long where he's able to get over and at least get a piece of it.
And that was the argument for the Bruins and that's what I agreed with I did think that there was a chance
that they weren't going to call it back at the fact that it was kind of one of those little
harmless cross checks where you see that a ton for separation and body position and it just so
happens it's been at the menace the guy who fucking elbowed their  or not elbowed, punched their captain right in the chops the game before.
And he's public enemy number one in Boston.
I just think it was the perfect stormer.
And would you not agree that if you're at the league office,
maybe you take into consideration this guy suckered Marchand right in the chops.
He shouldn't even be playing in this game.
He'd been running guys and terrorizing guys
to start the game and all of a sudden he pulls off that to get the fucking tying goal or was that the
go-ahead goal no that's the tying goal I would 100 it'd be in the back of my head if I was
there making the decisions and I was shocked I was live bet in Florida I was on Florida I was
betting Florida next goals I jump up go nuts and then I see the replay and I was like oh man it's definitely coming back because we've seen way smaller infractions goals called
back all the time so I was shocked they counted it but I wasn't complaining I was on Florida so
I was a happy camper Monty was hot he was hot to trot RA yeah I just. Yeah, just one quick thing here, Biz.
The explanation from the league.
Video review supported the referee's call on the ice
that the shove by Florida Sam Bennett on Charlie Coyle
and the subsequent contact with Jeremy Swayman
did not prevent Swayman from playing his position in the crease
prior to Bennett's goal.
That was the league's take.
I don't agree with that.
I don't agree with that.
Toronto ruled that it was a good goal.
That the play didn't
interfere with the goal.
That's the explanation.
What did you
see on it when you saw the replay
and made the decision to challenge? What
led to that decision?
So we actually got
to call the situation room
after this got called. like ace hopped on the
call and they said that they didn't think that the push from bennett warranted them calling it back
they thought it was a harmless push in a fight for body position and that's where like i'm like
i don't know man i can't really agree with that but that was the ref's call on the ice
they watched it and agreed with it, and ultimately,
that's why they thought that that didn't warrant for it to be called back.
And then the fact that they get the penalty on top of that.
All right, you said they didn't score, but complete momentum change.
Oh, yeah.
Fans were pissed.
The mojo in the building was gone.
Were you there?
Oh, yeah, I was there.
Yeah, it was.
It was opposite of Friday.
Friday night was like a funeral. It was like a church. It was opposite of Friday night. Friday night was like a funeral.
It was like a church.
Dead.
It was dead in there Friday night.
But for a Sunday night, I mean, I don't know if people would juice it all day,
but the crowd was really good last night.
They were into it.
I mean, they had the place going.
Two-nothing lead early.
And then, yeah, I mean, gee, I disagree.
The whole thing swung on that.
I mean, if they reverse it, it's two to one.
They don't get that power play, which, you know,
is going to sap Bruins' energy from killing a penalty. I's fair to say it's fair to say that game swung that's
that game that game in that moment swung but they've been you said in your statement that it's
the whole series is swung well i dominated this whole series i completely agree with g
r.a in that game though they were relying heavilywayman, where if that doesn't get called a goal and it gets called back,
if they hang on, all of a sudden you have a tied series.
If Marshawn doesn't come back in the way they've been playing,
I agree where I don't think that they're going to come back in the series
because they're being drastically outplayed, outshot 2-1.
I keep saying, Jans, is there a better team along the yellow
than the Florida Panthers?
Is there a better team off the rush that's able to gain the line
with such easy access?
Why can't the Bs hold the blue line?
It seems like every time they're just backing up and Florida's coming in,
they're pulling up, they're doing whatever the fuck they want with them.
Yeah, it is.
I don't know if it's lack of back checking because usually as a D,
you can gap up.
If your forwards are in good position in the neutral zone, you can have a pretty good gap.
But when you're, you know, if the one forward stretching you and the other forward is kind of, you know, coming low, getting speed, it's tough to get a gap there.
So I think the forwards for the Bruins have to do a better job of kind of slowing them down through the neutral zone to get them, you know, to have their D be able to gap up.
Because at the end of the day, they've got good mobile D that can get gaps.
I mean, I'd say Forbert's probably their least mobile guy.
He didn't even play last game, but it's like they have the D that can gap up and be in good position.
good position i think it's just a little bit of kind of in the neutral zone having your forwards in the right position and not letting them get that you know speed through the neutral zone to
be able to get the blue line you think you think the the the wingers constantly stretching is what's
pushing the d back and then the center's coming so low so it just there's just so much space
between the forwards for the b's and then the d and then that's where they're just exposing that
middle of the ice yeah and they all they also have guys like you give bark of the forwards for the Bs and then the Ds, and then that's where they're just exposing that middle of the ice.
Yeah, and they also have guys like you give Barkov the puck and the neutrals on with some space, he's going to get in.
He's a one-man break-in.
Verhage's the same way.
Matthew's the same way.
They're smart players.
They make really good plays, and when they have room,
they take advantage of it.
A lot of guys, especially in playoffs, you see the red line,
you get the red line, you get it in.
I think they're doing a good job of being patient with the puck
and not dumping it in every time, making plays,
and then that way you tie your teams down in the defensive zone.
Keith, when you played with Bob, did you find that as the game went on,
he got better as the game went on?
It seems like, you know, his save percentage isn't great this series,
but he seems to make these unreal saves like late in the third period
all the time when they need them i'd say he's one of the best uh the best cardio
goalies i ever played with him and probably i mean mike smith was like a machine like
jacked out of his mind looked unreal uh you know another guy crazy cardio but i think bob is one
of those guys like the longer the game goes the the better he is. Like if it goes to three, four overtimes, I think he's going to be as good in the first as he is in the fourth overtime.
Like his cardio is insane. He works his absolute bag off.
Like this guy is working hard every single day, doesn't take days off.
He's a specimen. And I think he's he's one of those guys like when he makes a save
too like a special save early in the game whatever his confidence goes through the roof
um i think we need to go back to the hit in game three boys like yeah what hit
like okay so did you were you there when bennett was there or did he come over from calgary after
okay so you were there when he got there yeah i mean you've played with him like he obviously knew what he was doing there he came on after on
tnt and like the guy should be a legitimate lawyer uh he basically said he was bracing himself for
contact because of his injury but he said even normally he would get of getting his hands up
in order to somewhat of a reverse hit but it just seems a little bit too perfect would get up getting his hands up in order to somewhat of a reverse hit, but it just seems a little bit too perfect.
He ends up getting them right on the button.
Perfect because none of the refs could see it because as he came over,
it's almost like Marsha protected the ref ahead from even seeing it.
And he did it so quick.
When he came around with that,
right,
he pops them right in the jaw.
Do you believe that he knew what he was doing and that this should have been a game suspension?
Mind you, this angle in that video that you just saw, those pictures,
it hadn't came out until day of the game.
I don't know if the league had seen this.
We got this from a special Sportsnet camera,
the one that Panger had behind his head for TNT.
As the play is moving and Marchwn goes to make contact with Bennett,
it goes right in the way of the stanchion.
So you legit, it legit stopped right perfectly where you couldn't see it.
So it's like Bennett fucking set up the camera himself
to get away with it Ocean's 13 style for fuck's sake.
Shouldn't the league have access to all those cameras though?
So that's what I'm saying is if I'm sure at some point they did or they could have dug for it.
Maybe they didn't.
And so they're like, oh, we don't have an angle good enough to say that he's guilty.
But Army picked it up.
I think most people, when even seeing it from the other side, could see exactly how it went down.
But if they, in fact, did see the reverse angle and they don't call that...
Listen, do I think the guys should be chucked out of playoffs
Rafi Torres style?
Absolutely not.
And yeah, we were both on the team when that Hosa hit went down.
We didn't get into that.
But I thought one game would have been justified
where it just would have shut everybody up.
And then obviously the guy who does it
becomes the biggest factor in game four
and then the league's probably like my god what the fuck are we dealing with so do you think that
he did that on purpose yance uh well i heard it's morgan morgan and bennett now he's he's the third
lawyer in the morgan and morgan's but um no i don't think he did it on purpose i think he was
trying to brace you know know, for impact.
And if you go back to that picture, it looked like his shoulder kind of moved in.
And then that's when his arm came, his right arm.
Do I think, like, see the bottom?
Yeah, it looks like his, like, shoulder got hit.
And then he comes through with, I don't think he meant to punch him in the face.
Like, you got to be, like, he's not Floyd Mayweather, you know?
Like, you're not  He would have ducked him if he was.
Bennett's on the money team?
Yeah, seriously.
He's going to be after this playoff.
Look at what he's playing.
Yeah, exactly.
No, I definitely don't think he meant to do it on purpose.
Obviously, he was bracing himself for the hit.
Do I think he meant to hit him on the chin and knock him out?
No.
It's just one of those plays where it's so fast.
Like, you know how, like, you see a guy come in last second,
like, you don't know what you're doing.
You just, you're bracing yourself for impact, and, you know,
sometimes your face can get hit with a stick, an elbow.
It's all, like, reactionary.
I think the same thing more
about how i think about marshall looking back at earlier in his career where i'm like
there's just too many coincidences you look at like last year with the knives i mean you look
there's a clip with bunting as well where i think he gets him in the back with a cross check that
he gets him in the back of the neck where he just seems to find himself
in these situations where he's like putting other players in very compromising situations and it
just seems too fitting that when his right comes around he gets him right on the button and then
after he does it as he's going to the bench he's looking around like did i get busted
erica can i do that did i do that and this, I'll say this till I'm blue in the face.
That is nothing against Sam Bennett.
He got away with it.
He didn't get a game.
I'm taking him on my team.
If I'm going for a Stanley cup run every day of the week,
twice on Sundays,
he is a gamer.
He strikes fear to his opponents.
Anytime he goes into a corner with a guy,
they're thinking twice.
They're not thinking as much about the puck and making a play as they are am i going to get out of here alive and without
fucking a broken jaw or a fucking uh a torn fucking uh a torn mcl or whatever it is as far
as he's going in there being a grease ball yes i mean our detective army is the one that broke it
all and figured it out and army's one of the bigger rats that ever played.
So army knew it right away.
He's like, I know he'd done that.
He did it before.
So I I'm on the side of, yeah, he didn't go over there planning to do it,
but when it happened, he's like, oh, I can give him a quick pop here.
And he, and he got it.
He got away with it.
And I don't know.
I've consumed so much hockey and interviews and stuff.
I don't know if it was you Yans last time you were on chicklets,'t know if it was you, Yans, last time you were on Chicklets,
but I think it was you.
And you talked about Bennett and how he's like a wild card out there.
Like, you've got to always be aware when he's on the ice
because he might come run you from behind.
Like, you don't know about that guy.
And that's what you get in playoffs.
And that's why a guy like that is so valuable.
Not only, like, the stuff you see, but the guys are always thinking about him.
Like, oh, no, where's Bennett?
He's out there.
So, yeah, he's doing his job.
Wait, let Yance chime in on that.
Is that the case, Yance?
Or did we lose him? Is he frozen?
Oh God, I think we lost him to bad Wi-Fi.
We have witty Wi-Fi and Yance Wi-Fi.
Jeez. Okay, we lost him.
R.A., what do you think about that?
First off, like
Burleson said, we got to give kudos to Ami, dude.
Of all the people watching this game on TV and radio every day, he was literally the only person that noticed it, like Burleson said, we got to give kudos to Ami, dude. Of all the people watching this game on TV and radio every day,
he was literally the only person that noticed it.
Like Burleson said, because he did some scumbag things when he played.
What did he say?
It was like when they interview a serial killer to find out how the serial killers kill people.
He was comparing himself to that.
But, I mean, it was brilliant.
He saw it, and it's amazing when you think about it.
Nobody else did.
I mean, Jake DeBras was right in front of Marshawn. He didn't see it.
But I thought the late clip that come out mysteriously two days later,
I thought that was pretty incriminating the way his hands just had a little
too much force, a little too on point.
I thought it looked intentional.
And dude, Marshawn looked like he was out in his feet as well.
Did you see the way he landed?
He didn't really brace his fall off.
He landed lateral.
And that's when you knew.
I thought originally, R.A already he'd like winded himself
because when you went into brace, his elbow was tucked in,
and sometimes when you get hit like that,
it'll get you like right in that rib, lung area,
and then all of a sudden you're out of wind.
And then when he was on the bench, he wasn't touching his head.
He was just kind of keeled over talking to the trainer,
and that's why I'm like, oh, he's just going to catch his wind here.
But, yeah, and then people said,
cause he continued playing that game.
He got in a collision later on where he rocked somebody.
He actually threw the hit.
So they said that maybe that affected it even worse because he ended up
leaving.
I want to say after the second period,
based on a hit with Bennett trying to keep going more vicious contact on
the second one.
And then eventually it was probably just too much
and it just got to him where he was feeling nauseous
and not himself.
So just a tough loss for the Bees.
Obviously, Marchand's a gamer.
I don't think we'd seen the best of Brad Marchand
in these playoffs.
I think the best he'd played was in the first few games
against the Toronto Maple Leafs in that series.
So overall, though, going back to what you said, G, I just don't think Boston has it
right now.
I don't think their back end is playing well at all.
McAvoy was a little bit better in game four, had a more physical impact, but they're just
not moving it and playing as well defensively and shutting things down like the Florida
D.
Like Florida has 6D going right now.
Like even to the point where, buddy, I'm so happy for them.
All of Reckman, Larson, they're all playing big, mean, strong.
They're fresh because they're not having to rely on any of them playing 25, 26, 27 minutes
where I think every one of their D is in that you know 20 to 21 minute range
some of them might be playing like 16 17 but look at the dallas stars right now right they got that
6d in that lundquist i forget his first name how do you say his first name is it no is it nils
yeah nils nils lundquist where he's playing five minutes, so they have to go 5D the whole game.
And, you know, those guys are playing 23, 24, 25 minutes,
where I feel like the fucking Florida back end are like AI robots.
You're getting 20 minutes out of all of them.
They're all standing guys up.
They're all physical.
They all box out.
They all win their fucking battles along the yellow,
and they're just like indestructible.
And they're a well-oiled team.
I couldn't agree more. as much as i couldn't
agree more as much as i don't think boston's d is playing so bad i just think one boston's
offense is playing fucking awful but like you said too florida's fucking defense is just bullying
them but the offense i find the bruins offense is the biggest problem so far 14 to 2 shots in
the third period one goal from the center position, this whole playoffs,
like I'm from out of the top two centers and coil and Zaka that can't happen. And I, of course I
went out before the playoffs in my playoff prediction. And I was like, they gave more
offense than Bergeron and Crecce last year. That's the, that's going to be the X factor
this playoffs. Of course I'm wrong, but they need to provide more offense. And I hated to hear the
bees fans chanting, shoot the puck, but at some point they have to provide more offense and I hated to hear the bees fans chanting shoot the
puck but at some point they have to start getting pucks on that 14 to 2 shots in the third period
18 to 42 shots that just that can't happen that can't happen in a playoff yeah uh Zaka's getting
chewed up this is probably the worst that he's looked and and Pasha might actually have a
reasonable take for once where this guy will.
Now, I think the last 25 games of the season,
he was one of their best forwards.
He was winning face-offs, playing good defensively.
The point production was normal.
What's up, Keith?
Guess who's back?
I think that, oh, we lost him again.
He's gone again.
But anyway, not great.
Anything else from those games that you realize?
I mean, the power play for the Panthers was unreal in game three.
Four power play goals.
And even in that game, as bad as they were playing through the first two periods,
I want to say they finished with eight shots.
They were only down one nothing.
And then the low-rye high stick was what fucking did them in.
And the second, they got two... Swayman. It's Swayman.
It's Swayman just keeps them in every
single one of these games and
it's it's given us Bruins fans a
false sense of reality that we
can keep up with the Florida
Panthers because we can't we
can't they're dominating us on
every front of this game it's
it's it's embarrassing so uh
complete mismatch going into
game five you guys put Allmark in?
Or because Swayman's been the difference, you stick with Allmark?
No, no.
Swayman's net.
Swayman's net.
Keep him.
That's the other thing.
I mean, not that we had concerns about him before this season,
but now you know he's that guy.
He's legit.
They can go trade Allmark this summer if they want,
and they can do it confidently.
And I want to go back to Lowry.
That kid's been fantastic.
They should put him on the top parent if they haven't yet
because he's been a whirling dervish out there.
Also, too, man, I think that might have been the first mistake of the series,
Biz, when he got that double minor penalty.
I mean, he's been fucking dynamite.
Oh, yeah.
No, I wasn't chirping him.
I was just saying that was such a big turning point where, once again,
like last game, maybe they find a way to win it, right?
I don't think that they necessarily dominated that much in game one, two.
They just capitalized on their chances, and of course,
they got the good goaltending, whereas even in game four, man,
if that Bennett goal gets called back, there's still an opportunity
to win that hockey game and have a big third period.
They had a good third period in game three as well, right?
They just stunk in the first two periods.
I hated the way that they came out.
Marshawn asked Barkov, and then as well as Coyle asked Barkov.
But after that, they didn't do anything to make Florida want to fight them.
So to try to handle the business the way that they did with Pasa
getting popped the game before, they just came out, they said no to the fights,
and then they just tried all this east-to-west bullshit
with Florida clogging up the middle,
where they were just feeding into their transition going the other way.
If you want to make a team pay, put it below the goal line
and fucking run them through their fucking glass.
And where the fuck is the bottom six for the Bruins, Ben?
The big, bad Bruins bottom six.
All of them 6-2, 6-3, 6-5.
Don't do fuck all.
They're losing all the wall battles too.
So there's an element of toughness that's just not even running guys through the wall.
It's fucking maybe winning some of those battles along the dasher.
And they've been getting absolute work.
I think the lack of toughness that the Toronto Maple Leafs had
actually gave us another false sense of reality
that the Bruins are still this big, bad Bruins team
because they had 120 hits against the Maple Leafs.
Every night it was a battle, but again,
the Florida Panthers are just a tougher, bigger battle.
Big time, big time.
The fucking Beans are looking like Fugazis.
Now,
Yans,
your Wi-Fi fucked up.
We were asking you about Bennett and the element of fear
that he puts into opponents.
Yeah,
sorry,
I was borrowing Witt's internet.
Oh,
okay,
thanks.
Yeah,
no,
he is,
especially as a D,
like I've said it before,
like if there are forwards
who have,
you know,
a little bit of a screw loose
and when you go back for a puck like you think about it you know especially
in the playoffs you know in during series like when he dumps the puck in like you you you might
be like all right i'll let him get this one or you know if there's a scrum you know he's coming
in with the cross checks like you're bracing yourself you're not thinking about the play
you're gonna make so there's that element that he brings.
And, you know, a lot of guys bring that element where, you know,
they got a little bit of a screw loose and they make it uncomfortable for the
other team and especially the other team's defense.
And I think that just leads to more offensive zone time.
You know, Florida, I think, has been dominating the offensive zone time,
just holding on to pucks too.
Like they're not just getting it in and out. Like they're holding on to pucks too. Like they're not just getting it in and out.
Like they're holding on to pucks, getting sustained pressure.
I think I was out when you guys were talking about Swayman.
Like he has been so good.
I didn't realize he was this good.
He is an amazing, like they were talking about him being the, you know,
team USA goalie, all that stuff.
I was kind of shaking my head a little bit,
but he is a legit superstar goalie all that stuff. I always kind of shake my head a little bit, but he is a legit superstar goalie.
What he's done for that team,
just keeping them somewhat in these games,
I think Florida's been pretty dominant,
but keeping them in these games
is pretty special to watch him.
Yeah, I agree.
I also think the Leafs would have given
the Florida Panthers more problems
than the Bees have.
It's fucking bullshit.
It's bullshit we were robbed of a great series between the Leafs and Panthers more problems than the Bees have. So it's fucking bullshit. It's bullshit we were robbed of a great series between the Leafs and Panthers
with the fucking Bruins.
Now, R.A., I want to ask you as a Bees fan,
how did you like the way that Monty discussed in post-game press conference
about the goalie interference?
Do you wish that he would have been more of an advocate
and maybe been a little bit more vocal towards the league about fucking it up?
Because the delusional idiot Bruins fans online, the same ones that are DMing me death threats,
because I was just telling them that they're getting fucking outworked,
they seem to think that he needed to be like, fuck the league, we got fucked up,
or he was a lot more calm and level-headed about it.
Yeah, if he does yell and fucking scream,
it makes no difference.
They're not going to change anything,
and it's going to cost him 25,000.
I was fine with it.
I mean, you could tell sometimes when you're that calm
and, you know, kind of intense and steely,
like, he conveyed that he was pissed off that way.
I mean, yelling and screaming and getting fined,
I don't know, it's not going to change anything.
I thought he conveyed the same point the way he, you know,
talked last night, and yeah.
Every fan base got their peck of heads, but we certainly got a few here in boston but we do got to mention that
could chuck pasta fight a little bit i we don't get too many fights in the playoff business but
two superstars going like that like pasta going over asking his coach if he could scrap and
maddie leno the bench i mean that was fucking great drama that the other night that fight
oh it was it was incredible this is a fan fan's angle of it, and it's actually perfect.
Now, it goes back to the Bennett thing.
It's like you do shit and then maybe ask questions
or deal with the consequences later,
where that's kind of an unwritten rule.
When the guy's down, you don't pop him.
But fucking Florida Panthers are playing for keeps.
They don't give a flying fuck.
They're sending a message in that instance.
And that's why I was just disgusted with the B's response.
Yeah, they can go ask these guys and grab them.
But you have to force them to want to fight you and then at least kind of dictate all that in a sense of your play.
Where they just coming out in game four, it seems like they had a plan and they didn't have a backup plan because the
minute they started getting dominated, they looked like fools.
Burles, are they done? The beast toast next game or what?
Yeah. I go back to Yans when he was on before he said, he goes, they,
they shocked them that first game. Cause they'd been off. He goes,
they're going to, they're going to roll them.
They're going to win the next four games. So yeah, I think this is done.
It's, it's a complete mismatch and the only way the bruins they needed everything
to go perfect they needed everybody playing their best it hasn't happened now you lose marsh on
it's it's the end of the road did you just say yans is the one who said that i tech i was i was
that on here was that on a text no that was on was on text. I was thinking, I'm like, man, the Bruins might win this series.
The end is like,
ah,
Panthers are going to rattle off four straight.
You're looking like a genius right now,
Keith,
if you're not frozen still.
He said,
well,
I am a genius.
You were that confident after watching game one.
Yeah.
I thought the big,
I think I said it on this show is all the goals that beat
bob that first game were absolute bbs like no one's stopping those they were you know going in
just by his ear like amazing goals so i thought the team looked pretty good good after a week off
i thought bob looked good and then yeah i thought obviously it's going to be a tough game to come
back and play after a week off and then i just thought it was just going to be a turn of the tides in the in the
Panthers we're going to take over which they have and I also think too going back to the the Bennett
and the Kachuk thing like I don't think Florida is afraid of you know a guy getting suspended I
think they're so deep where they're like hey hey, if a guy gets suspended, it strikes fear in the opponent's eyes.
And, you know, we got guys that can come in and vote for a game.
And, you know, they've been doing it all year.
Like they have they are the deepest team in the playoffs right now.
If you ask me, you know, first line through fourth line and then even on the back end.
So it's I think they have no fear of playing hard, playing a little bit over the line and trusting their team and what they've got.
And another thing, too, is they got Lamborghini and Nick Cousins on deck, too.
So if they lose one of those guys or even if Bennett did get suspended,
those guys are no slouch.
I mean, I think in the first series against Tampa,
the fourth line came fucking up huge, like the Nick Cousins line.
And now he's out of the lineup.
I agree with you, man. Definitely
the deepest team. Now, if they did
lose a D, who's the seventh guy in line
for the Florida Panthers?
I don't even think they have one.
They don't have another safety
valve? Well, they do up front.
Why are you laughing?
I honestly don't know who it is, but you know who's been awesome
is Kyle Ocpozo.
Awesome.
Him and Lorenz.
Huh?
Him and Lorenz.
I know.
They're just doing their job well.
Kyle Ocpozo has been an offensive guy, first-line guy in this league,
and he's just accepted his role coming in, playing hard minutes,
holding on to pucks, like you said, owning the yellow.
And that goes a long way for a team.
Guys, speaking of suspensions, we do have a little news here.
Potential suspensions.
Chris Johnson is reporting Carson Soucy will have a phone hearing with NHL player safety for cross-checking Connor McDavid at the end of Game 3.
I said that.
And I don't think that he should get suspended for that.
But the fact that it's the star of the league and he had to eat one in the
teeth,
I just thought that there was a way that they were going to bring them back
in the series for the golden boy.
And I bet you that he ends up getting the game because Carson Susi has been
awesome for Vancouver and he's been shutting down a lot of that offense.
The whole backhand has they're fucking big and they're playing well.
So before we get to that, Ari, I'll send it back over to you.
Yeah, I was going to say, we got a word from our sponsor
before we do get to the Vancouver Edmonton series in a moment.
All right, everybody, before we go any further,
here's a few words from my good friends over at GameTime.
The GameTime app, I love this thing.
Even if I'm not going to go to a game, a concert, I love fiddling around. Big map
geek. Love checking out all the seats.
Summertime concerts. So right now, Fenway,
you got Pearl Jam coming. You got
Metallica coming to Fox Pro logo. The Rolling Stones
in a couple weeks. You get Rolling Stones for 100.
You kidding me? The greatest rock and roll
band of all time on GameTime.
GameTime is the official
ticketing partner of Barstool Sports
and you shouldn't have to worry when you buy tickets to your next big event. GameTime is the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports, and you shouldn't have to worry when you buy tickets to your next big event.
GameTime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports, music, comedy, and theater events near you.
They got flash deals for sudden discounts, zone deals for when you're feeling a little flexible,
and their lowest price guarantee means that if you can find the same seats for less anywhere else,
GameTime will credit you 110 of the difference.
GameTime is the best place for last-minute seats with up to 60 off of your favorite events.
What are you waiting for?
Going to hit the Stones, Metallica, and Pearl Gym all summer?
Get yours now?
Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download the GameTime app today.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
Jens, are you pals with Lomberg?
Yeah.
I bumped into him in the press box the other night
because he's out Because last couple of games
He's a hot shit man I was talking to him for a little bit
Was he married to a local girl?
Eating ice cream with the enemy coach?
You were fucking playing tummy sticks
With Lamborghini in the midst of your team's playoff series?
Alright this is bullshit
I'm a social guy you know that
Alright what were you saying?
Good luck in the semis?
No we were grabbing a drink at the same time we have it gonna be right by the little uh the machine and then i say hey what's
up brian he's like i know who you are then he had a fucking shop shoot on we were just shooting the
breeze because i was like dude your name come up recently somewhere and i was like i can't think of
it he's like was it antonio's this great restaurant around the block and i i guess his mother-in-law
works there so like his name come up recently because like they were kind of smiling they said it was like like the lomberg
fuck because every time we say his name on here we say lomberg fuck and it was like i don't know
his mother-in-law was on this time she's kind of like yeah we know we hear the show all the time
hey so he's so he's a boston kid that lomberg no he's canadian but his his wife is uh from mass oh okay yeah yeah what's he like jens awesome great guy
just like one of those like you when you were young just happy to be at the rink every day like
you know he's i think he had some trouble i think he got kicked out of maine
i could be wrong but i think he had some trouble in school and like might have gotten some trouble
in calgary in the minor so, he's one of those guys,
like he is just thankful to be in the NHL every day. He's earned his stripes.
Amazing, amazing teammate. Like one of those guys,
like he's a small guy. He's probably five, 10, but we'll, would fight,
you know, anyone in the league for his teammates, just the,
just the all time great teammate,, fun guy to be around.
I think he's got two little kids now too,
so he's growing up and becoming a man in front of us.
Right before our eyes.
I guess the only other thing we didn't mention about that series
between Boston and Florida was Paul Maurice's press conferences after.
He is so fucking good, man.
At deflecting, he like talking to the boston
media like you know did you see did you see the postgame presser that they put on tnt murr yeah i
saw the one clip where he was just like i i saw it it looked fine like he and he's the way he says
it it's unbelievable you can't not i fell in love with the guy last year during that run with some
of his press conferences he's's so well-spoken.
You remember the one?
I think it was maybe when they lost at the end of the year.
It was incredible.
Had me in, like, tears watching it.
Yeah, you want to run through a brick wall for him.
And or, you know, anyway, R.A., go ahead.
Wasn't he, like, 28 when he started coaching the NHL?
He was still in his 20s when he got his first gig, if I'm not mistaken.
But there's Vancouver, Edmonton, Vancouver, up 2-1 after three games.
No surprise here.
They could be up 3-0 just as easily.
But we'll start with game one.
Just an epic collapse by Edmonton.
4-1 lead.
Choked it away.
Lose 5-4 in OT.
And how about talk at the end?
He almost broke that fan's hand when he fucking high-fived him.
Yeah, he's in a cast now.
Yeah, overall, boys, I don't know where we begin,
how awesome that Vancouver's played.
They look deep.
They've adjusted on the power play and the penalty kill.
But overall, to me, guys, the Oilers might be frauds here.
Like this is, they want to either blame goaltending or depth scoring.
And the fact right now they're having to lean on the big boys,
not only in game two just to get that win where each of them had to have four points in order to do so
But then again in game three where these guys can't play 28 29 minutes a game
That's not a well-balanced lineup. They're getting no secondary scoring
The bottom six is getting chewed up that third d pairing looks awful right now
I think they're spending every
shift in their own end and through 20 games of his playoff career, Skinner's got the worst save
percentage of an Edmonton Oilers goaltender ever, ever. We're talking in the eighties when it used
to be six, five here in, in, you know, seven, six style games. This is fucking horrible numbers.
The problem is though, is they got Picard or Pickard.
I don't even know how to say his last name.
So do you go to him or do you instill confidence in the guy who's gotten you there throughout the course of the whole season
and not hit the panic button?
I don't want to take anything away right now
for what Vancouver has accomplished in these first three games.
Five on five, they look way better.
They got them figured out.
JT Miller's a fucking beast.
Quinn Hughes is an absolute motor back there.
Arthur Sheloff is playing out of his mind.
Listen, Lindholm has been such a good pickup.
I thought, I mean, boys, he had six goals
since he was picked up to the end of the season, right?
I think he was in 22 games.
Remember, they got him right after or
right before all-star so they had quite a bit of time with him i think people were regretting that
trade now he's got five goals in these playoffs compared to the six he had to finish off the
season so he's been a huge lift for that third line which garland and joshua and him have been
chewing up the oilers because they don't have any fucking depth.
And the Big D, man, the Big D are giving Edmonton problems.
They're fucking cycle bussers.
They're forcing everything to the outside. If they are able, Edmonton, to get that speed,
and they do get the zone, they put them below the goal line.
You got Ian Cole, Myers, Zdorov, Soucy, you name it,
leaning on them, and then they're getting that center support,
and then they're out of the zone.
Yes, Edmonton at some points have dominated.
I think it was in the third period of game two
where they just took over,
and I even think towards the back half of last game they did too,
but ultimately they're power play merchants right now,
but Vancouver, with the adjustments they made, matched them.
They got their two power play goals too.
And I don't know if you guys noticed, Ace picked it up on the broadcast
where you had JT Miller on that left side as that flanker,
where all of a sudden they switched it up,
and it was Besser having the shot in the slot area,
and he was kind of at the top where that's just great coaching by talk.
So you, I'll throw it over to you guys.
Like I'll start with you, uh, Murr.
Like, what are you seeing here?
Do you think it's more of the Edmonton owners or frauds?
Are there just being outplayed by the Vancouver Canucks or a mixture of both?
Yeah.
I don't know if they're hitting the panic button.
I've hit the panic button.
Cause I can just see us having to go to Vancouver now for the finals.
And like me and Whit will be walking through the streets.
They'll be yelling shame, shame, like Game of Thrones.
Fuck Zach Hyman.
Fuck Zach Hyman.
It's a disaster, but it's exactly what we've talked about.
What did we say?
The Bruins are lacking the secondary scoring bottom six.
What does these other teams have?
What does Florida have? It's the same thing. There's no secondary scoring, bottom six. What does these other teams have? What does Florida have?
It's the same thing.
There's no secondary scoring at all.
It's just those two guys.
And then they team them up together and they dominate for long stretches,
but that's not a winning recipe.
First liners get you into the playoffs.
The second, third, fourth liners win you the Stanley Cup.
As a guy in my beer league, Mike Cameron told me that's the way it is.
And it makes perfect sense with this Edmonton Oilers team.
So I think I don't, I don't see them winning this series.
I think we're going to end up in Vancouver somehow.
And then instead of our meet and greets, our pink Whitney meet and greets,
it's just going to be like a roast.
We're going to have to just sit there and then Vancouver.
You should do a roast. I mean a roast i mean they're back right
brady man they just get to walk by they stand instead of standing in line for a picture they
stand in line to get to the microphone and we just got to stand there and take it well you
kind of look like jeff ross already you could just lead it oh jeff ross would take offense to that. Fuck you, Bothberger, over there.
I will say this is an absolute masterclass of coaching by Rick Toth.
What he's doing to the Edmonton Oilers, five on five, is insane.
Whatever he makes, they should double it after this playoff series.
They're going to have to.
Even on the road, with the second change,
he's just smothering them five on five.
And we talked about it, and I think I said it with Adam Foote,
the way that he played his game just tormenting superstars for 20 years.
You see Zdorov, you see Soucy, even Quinn Hughes.
You see these guys just absolutely tormenting these superstar players.
It goes to show you how important coaching is
because Talk is putting an absolute clinic on right now behind the bench.
He's doing unbelievable.
If they could figure out their PK, I don't know who runs their PK.
Well, they did in the third period last night.
The series would be over in four.
Well, they did in the third period.
They had two huge kills, right?
And Zdorov, one of their best penalty killers on the back end,
was in the box.
And I forget who the other one was, but they didn't look as threatening
with the adjustments they made in that third period.
And then they ended up shooting blanks in Edmonton.
Who's the other guy? Besser just continues man you get those opportunities come playoff time man it's bang bang right and he got those two quick shots the one was a complete
breakdown where dry sidle and mcdavid were swinging in the d zone and they he kind of
remember on that cycle jt miller pumped it along the wall that came back
down and then buddy JT Miller ninth assist the playoffs he finds that seam when sucking in at
home and uh Connor McDavid to find uh Besser and boom low blocker and then he gets that other
chance boom low glove and that's what you need this time of year timely scoring from these clutch
guys like Besser he doesn't he doesn't really add a ton to the other areas of the game i think he's a solid
player but when he's coming through in the clutch when he's getting those opportunities he's as good
as anyone man he kind of reminds me of like a toffoli just where he's like that opportunistic
maybe uh not the the fastest of feet out there but just finds those little pockets
and like even on the one where um Fogle brutal turnover just a soft little play to the inside
we'll get to him after but Besser not like busting his ass to get back where he's in and behind the
D where he's just waiting for that turnover and then I got it. Boom.
Low glow.
But, but it's not even the fact that the bottom six for the, um, the Oilers are all those
other role guys aren't scoring.
Like what the fuck is that little flu flu play backhand sauce in the middle when you
get it, you don't see Vancouver making plays like that.
They make hard plays along the wall.
They all try to play like McDavid and dry cycle, but they're a bunch of bums. You don't see Vancouver making plays like that. They make hard plays along the wall.
They all try to play like McDavid and Dreisaitl,
but they're a bunch of bums like I was,
and they don't understand their role.
So all of a sudden, that guy's costing that game where they're not even getting offense.
Where the fuck's McCloud?
Where's Fogle?
Kane hasn't been that much of a difference.
Zdorov challenged Kane, and Kane didn't oblige.
And then he throws him into the bench.
Now is Kane's opportunity to step up.
I think that he needs to accept the fight with Zdorov
and get him in the box and away from McDavid and Dreisaitl
for at least five minutes.
Try to suck him into getting a 10-2 while you're at it.
Biz, I don't know if you remember it,
but before that turnover with Fogle,
he had the puck in the neutral zone
and held on to it, held on to it.
He had guys on the far side,
held on to it at the blue line,
and then dumped it basically
when he got over the blue line.
But his other two forwards had to stop
because they had to wait for him.
Dumps it in.
He's by himself.
They break it out with ease
because it's a one
man forecheck you're not setting up your your line mates to have good opportunity
with a good forecheck he does that they come down then he turns it over again and bing bang boom
how you darn no that's a great point for some of you who are watching who are confused like
especially for for me as a bottom line guy like you want to get on the forecheck
not oftentimes you're holding on to it to make a play but if you do and you do get over the blue
line by that time if those guys are fucking have to wait up at the blue on the other side of the
ice if you chip it in you have to be the one going because those guys had to stop up and wait for you
so you have no momentum you can't get on the forecheck. And like you said, it's easy back going the other way.
So just not understanding your role and understanding that you need
to create momentum if you're not doing anything else,
in which they aren't right now.
Other than that, boys, I don't know if there's anything else
to talk about with Vancouver.
I thought that the two guys who came in the lineup, is it Arca?
How do you say the kid's name?
They had that Lindstrom and then Arca come in.
The two big forwards for the Vancouver Canucks.
I know Hoglander had to come out, and I think DiGiuseppe was out with illness.
So I don't think that talk was pleased with Hoglander's game,
and that was a big reason that he was taken out of the lineup.
Am I going crazy here?
Am I getting this wrong?
Was that the game before?
Were you guys sleeping?
I don't know.
No, that Amon played the last game.
Arma.
Amon.
I thought it was like Arker.
What is going on here?
Sweet.
Sweet Merles.
Sweet.
Niels Allman.
Allman.
Allman. Excuseman. Allman.
Excuse me.
When you see that little circle above the A, you go, oh, oh.
Hey, Biz.
Have you seen  Biz and Merle, have you guys seen
I feel like every team's power play, and I could be wrong.
I just texted G to look it up.
I feel like every team's power play is over 25.
Right now, yeah.
I mean, you got to have good special teams if you make it this far.
It's crazy, but like it used to be if you were 18,
especially in playoffs, 15, 18 was good.
Now, like 25, 26.
It's crazy how much the power play matters.
You think it's like two things have changed.
Like the breakout now is different, and then now everybody does that 1-3-1.
Which one do you think has like the bigger effect on it?
What do you think?
I like the breakout used to be hard.
The breakout would be hard to get in.
And now everyone used to dump it like meatheads.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And there's only one team converting under 20,
25 Carolina,
Carolina hurricanes.
Yeah.
They're one for fucking one for the century,
this series against the Rangers.
No, I mean, we know how important.
I think the biggest thing is.
Oh, no, go ahead, buddy.
Go ahead.
The Wi-Fi is off.
I think the biggest thing, Merle's.
I know.
I think the biggest thing is the break-ins.
When you can get the puck in,
and I noticed it the most when I played here in Florida with Barkie,
when you'd give him the draw pass, you would get in at ease.
And that saves you 20 seconds, 30 seconds.
Because back in the day, when you dump it in, it gets mucked around for a bit.
It might get sent down.
But when you can have a guy, especially with a pass,
you can have the guy get in and you're set up in seven seconds.
It's a huge advantage.
So, Jens, you were a power play guy.
At what point did they start changing that breakout?
Because you see that a lot.
You see it especially with teams like Edmonton and Colorado
where you have guys like McKinnon and McCarr who are just so fast
where essentially the first layer comes up with the puck.
That backs off the forwards and D,
and then they just basically throw it back a zone or two,
and then those guys hit their stride with the puck,
with those guys already backed off for easy zone entry.
When did that come about? Was that like a Detroit Red Wings thing?
When did you start adapting that?
I remember, I remember Wayne introducing it to us in, in Phoenix.
And it was, I remember a practice specifically,
we were doing it at the ice then. And he's like,
we're going to have a guy come late. And it was kind of like, it at the ice then. And he's like, we're going to have a guy come late.
And it was kind of like, what are we doing here?
And he's like, yeah,
it's just come up and drop the puck back.
And I couldn't figure it out.
Like, I'm like, what is going on?
Like now it's.
Yeah.
I was doing it with my bantam.
I don't even think we did that.
It was more.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, it's, it's the way to do it.
Cause you're stretching the zone.
You're stretching the offensive guys, the defensive group.
You're stretching them back so they can't get gapped up.
And then you're also getting some speed to have guys come in the flanks
and get into the zone.
So if you're coming flying up through the middle like McKinnon, McDavid,
Barkov, they can just kick it out or keep it themselves
and you're set up right away.
Yeah.
I think the Buffalo Sabres created it.
When we had Conley on here.
Yeah, right.
They haven't seen fucking playoffs since Christ was a cowboy.
That's what it was.
It was back after that lockout.
They used to bring it up and throw it back to that Affinaganoff,
and then Affinaganoff would weasel his way through.
Conley's adamant that they started it.
Don't fucking tell me Lindy Ruff created
that breakout. I'll fucking lose
my mind.
You see he got a new assistant coach today, Lindy Ruff.
They brought up Seth Appert.
He was in Rochester Americans.
He's a good buddy of mine.
He was the RPI head coach when
Monty was the assistant here at RPI.
I heard he was bringing in Mike Keenan.
Yeah.
I heard Butch Oren was getting called in to be an assistant.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
PP specialist.
I know you're not too confident with Edmonton right now, Merles.
What do they need to do to stay in the series to potentially win it?
Like, what do they got to mix up here?
Like, Skinner, do they stop him?
They need to purchase a time machine
then you go back to the deadline get a goalie uh they need to figure out their third pairing defense
and then also get go get more secondary scoring so that would be and then maybe even further where
they took a little bit off the cap hit from dry sidle and mcdavid to get them a little bit more
help but once again they need all that money
because they're fucking doing everything.
Yeah, I think you got to go Skinner.
He's got him there.
It's on a home game.
But I need Perry or Kane to start that game
and go grab Quinn Hughes or Pedersen
and pound the crap out of them.
Because what they did to McDavid is just not right.
Biz, we were talking this more than me and Megs.
He's like,
if biz was in that game,
I think he would have just jumped the bench and went down there and
started just pummeling guys.
And who gives a shit?
If you get suspended 10 games,
like your season's going to be over anyway.
Well,
yeah,
you did it in preseason.
He jumped the bench in preseason one game.
I'm like,
dude,
that's like a 10 game suspension.
You got to chill. So yeah. Radislav Klaas. Like, can you see like McDavid, suspension preseason one game i'm like dude that's like a 10 game suspension you gotta chill
so yeah radislav klesla like can you see like mcdavid like in the locker room after like holy
shit guys i gotta score every goal and now like i'm fighting all the fights too like can somebody
do something around here yeah buddy that was a bullshit response and that just shows you how
soft edmonton is and why i have no faith in the fact they can come back and win this series.
I have no, no faith in them.
I think this series is over.
I think they're like you guys said, they're getting out coached.
I think they're relying way too much on those two guys.
And now he's like, I'm doing everything.
And you guys won't even stick up to me.
Stick up for me.
Fuck you.
And going back to that preseason game, I want to say it was King or Nolan who lit up Radoslav Klesla.
And Max Domi was coming back to the bench and he made eye contact.
So I thought for sure he was coming.
And as soon as we made eye contact and his feet were heading, I hopped for him because I was actually supposed to be the next forward.
And then he noticed that there was a scrum going on the other side of the ice.
So he stayed on the ice and button hooked so i got the sixth man out there i got a 10 gamer
i was about to lose 70 grand of my salary i was like oh please don't i've already spent the money
and they reduced it they reduced it to three games like betman and them so i didn't end up
fighting it and then i lost like 11 or 12 grand in salary and only to three games like betman and them so i didn't end up fighting it and then i
lost like 11 or 12 grand in salary and only got three games so whatever but fuck biz was getting
venmo's from all the guys on the team he was sending guys venmo requests for the money he was
like hey i stuck up for you guys shut the fuck up venmo wasn't even a thing back then, you asshole.
Hey, I want to know the date in which Venmo was created,
and then maybe I'll agree with you that I did that.
I was doing invoices.
I had PD, our video guy, print them out.
Biz, would you stop a cat if you were nob-locked?
That's just as good as money.
What's that?
Biz, would you stop a cat if you were nob-locked? So's just as good as money. What's that? Biz, would you stop a cat if you were nob-locked?
So I said after on the broadcast that I would have,
just because I don't, so it goes back to what I thought about Anderson in the Carolina-New York series.
Every time they've needed that one neck save,
he hasn't been able to get it.
And in fact, game one, think about the bad goals.
The one when Lindholm came around the net when his paddle was off.
There's a Dorov one where he's doing the reverse VH,
where that's an easy one from a horrible angle.
Garland, when he's coming down the wing, his fucking pad,
how lazy he was coming over with this stick.
And that puck was going to go wide.
It hits his pad and then goes in.
He banks it in himself.
And then the Lindholm goal in game three, to me,
where it was on the back of his blade, it was the power play goal
and the one that gave him that insurance at the end of the second period.
How are you just not over with that right pad in order to protect
that weak little play coming in?
So I think he's been weak.
I said on the broadcast I would go to Picard,
but I think that you don't.
You instill confidence in him.
You say, we need you in game four.
We've ridden you the second half of the season here.
Let's go.
We need your best.
And obviously, if he's still like he has been the first three games,
then you give it to Picard.
But I don't think you hit the panic button quite yet.
I think that you're showing that to your team,
and then it'll rattle the lineup.
You go back to Skinner.
Do you guys agree?
I'd go Campbell.
What?
Are you just fucking around?
I mean, honestly, I think I'd go Pickard or Picard, however you say it.
I mean, you've got to switch something up, right?
I mean, it's one of those things where when you do let in weak goals
and he's let in a few, you've got to answer for it.
I mean, obviously, he's not the main reason why they're losing games,
but I think just to kind of get some mojo going in the room
and kind of get the team going
you go with another guy maybe he looks like he has no confidence Murr yeah it's tough when you're a
goalie too and then I can I can only imagine the pressure of an easy save becomes so hard and then
it just keeps happening but I mean he's not getting a lot of work either I wonder if that's having an
effect on him what were the shots last night Ari so that's what Hank that's what Hank, he's not getting a lot of work either. I wonder if that's having an effect on him. What were the shots last night, Ari? That's what Hank said.
He's kind of chasing it, and then he's not getting the volume,
so he can't gain his confidence and feel good about himself
and start feeling it where it's like, oh, I let in a bad goal,
and I haven't seen a shot in 10 minutes now.
I better make the next one because my team's dominating play.
So I think that's also been a tough sequence for him,
not getting the volume that he's maybe necessarily seeing.
But I don't know, boys.
Five on five, they don't look that impressive.
Yeah, Skinner gave up four goals on 15 shots.
Vancouver, 4-0 on the road right now.
It was the 28th comeback win of the 2024 playoffs,
the fourth highest at this stage of a postseason in NHL history, 58 games.
Vancouver, they got 12 goals on 55 shots.
That's obscene.
I want to ask you, Biz,
do you think Zdorov was maybe the sneaky best trade to load up for the playoffs?
I think that I said last night on a late night post,
their playoff acquisitions at the deadline are paying massive, massive dividends.
I wanted the Leafs to go get Zdorov and Tanev,
and look at how both those guys are playing.
And Zdorov has, like, he's, the city's fallen in love with him too.
So he's feeling that reciprocation and love and energy from the crowd
and the fan base, and he is just thriving.
And I think the word that Taka always used with Zdorov
is he just has that swagger.
He's not intimidated by the speed of McDavid
and power of McDrysaddle.
He, in fact, invites that matchup,
and he wants that night in and night out.
What was the other thing I was going to say?
Oh, and Edmonton, to me, they look a lot like what I saw from Colorado last year,
where this year you see that Colorado has that secondary scoring
where they can gain all that momentum with their best five guys on the ice
and then they can keep it.
But right now it's like, and they went to it in game two
where it was the Bouchard pairing.
Is it, yeah, it was bouchard and then
who's his d partner at home at home and then those and then the big three up front where they just
constantly are throwing the ace of spade at you where that's the only time they're getting any
type of sustained ozone and then you get the fucking rest of the lines and then it's limp dick
so my my strategy for the edmonton oilers would be you have to break up leon and mcdavid
i think that they put them together because maybe leon wasn't feeling 100 and maybe that injury was
lingering so having mcdavid on that line would would kind of elevate him and bring him up to
what you need from him but if he's remotely healthy you need to go back to that one two punch and then hopefully put
cane with him because i thought when they put cane with them uh especially in round one that
they were very effective as a second line they they were just as good as that mcdavid line so
they can't just keep relying on the the ace of spades and dropping it and playing those guys 28
minutes because they're gonna fucking fucking put JT Miller,
the dog on them and they're going to lock them up.
There's the ice times there.
Bouchard 30,
McDavid 28.
That's not sustainable.
No,
that's not sustainable.
Yeah.
I would split them up.
So you got two things going and then depending on the clock and the TV
timeouts or like an ozone draw,
then,
then put that ace of spades out for like that draw.
Like spot it.
I think that because you're getting down early
and then they're not getting anything,
they're kind of panicking and having to do it.
That's why getting that save is so important.
And I think it was  I've talked to a couple guys, like guys I trust.
Like, you know, I got Yans
trying me with the Florida series, but
at the end of the day, man, if they don't get that big save,
they're not going to win this series.
Skinner needs to be way
better. I'd throw Picard
in, man, just because, I mean, Skinner's been that bad.
I mean, his first play I've experienced was the other
night when they put him in for relief, but
32 years old, I mean, it's, you know, a bit of a journeyman.
904 save percentage, 293 GAA. I mean, those aren't too, it's a bit of a journeyman. 9.04, say percentage, 2.93 GAA.
I mean, those aren't too shabby numbers for a fucking journeyman, man.
Probably better than what you've been getting anyways.
And yeah, Tarkin did say about the high five.
He said he felt sorry for the fan.
He aggressively high-fived.
And then the mother chimed in on Twitter.
She said, oh, that was my son.
His dad had those seats.
He was wearing the jersey.
He was fine.
Don't worry about it.
They're going to be sitting there tonight.
So I thought it was pretty funny.
She chimed in on Twitter.
So the talk felt bad.
But all right, before we get to the next series, here's a word from our sponsor.
All right, everyone, before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends over at Verizon.
With Verizon's fast, reliable network, you can stream playoff games on the go or at home and keep up with all the action.
stream playoff games on the go or at home and keep up with all the action verizon has you covered during the playoffs whether it's hoops pucks baseball whatever well if you're gonna stay up
late and work like i'm gonna tonight i need the internet full speed boom verizon can't get any
better than that plus verizon makes it easy to save on stream in the stanley cup playoffs
for a limited time they're offering a great deal on the Disney bundle,
which includes Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+.
Oh, what a bargain.
You can stream select Stanley Cup playoff games,
including every game of the Stanley Cup final on ESPN+.
Visit verizon.com slash barstool to learn more.
All righty. Oh, what's he handle? This kid, he's like a little fucking four-year-old. to learn more. Alrighty.
What's he handle?
He's like a little fucking four-year-old.
I think he's fixing his Wi-Fi or calling with Cox right now.
Yeah, he's got a fucking tomato can.
He's talking to a string to fucking someone on the
other fucking side of it.
Hey, there he is.
What's with you rich guys who played
over 500 games and can't get good Wi-Fi?
You pay too much in escrow what you can't get a you can't get the the the net links or whatever the hell elon's got going i don't know what's going on here i'm not a big internet guy so
apparently you really do you really not have a computer is that is that still true? No computer. I'm on my daughter's iPad.
All right. Moving right along here.
Rangers, Hurricanes. Rangers were looking at a sweep the other night,
but Hurricanes got a late goal from Brady Shea to stay alive.
Keith, are the Canes done-zo? Are they going to make a series out of this?
I think the Canes are done.
I think the Rangerses are done.
I think the Rangers look so good, so strong.
They have everything. You talk about depth and goaltending, defensively, special teams.
There's zero flaws in their game right now.
Obviously, some amazing performance.
I think Vinny Trocek's been insane.
Panarin, obviously.
And then you go back to Trouba and putting fear in guys.
Like, I think Carolina, like, during the season,
it's such a hard building to play in.
They play fast.
They just wear you down, right?
But I think the Rangers are doing what Carolina does to everyone
for, you know, 82 games during the regular season.
They're doing it to them in the playoffs when it matters.
And just an absolute, what they're doing right now, I think, is amazing.
That's their first loss, right, of the playoffs?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like, that doesn't happen anymore, you know.
It's amazing that you can do that.
And with the parity in the league right now, to be able go out and have one loss in in two rounds so far it's it's pretty impressive but uh
just just a well-oiled machine i think the the the rangers and even you go we talked about it with
their deadline um acquisitions with vancouver i think the rangers did a great job too
acquisitions with Vancouver. I think the Rangers did a great job too.
Wenberg, Roswell Beck.
Just bringing in depth
guys that can help you out offensively,
defensively.
I think the team that they put together is built
to win and that's their main goal.
And Biz,
Kane's also made some big moves at the deadline as well
against Silek, who's net soft.
But if they hit the wall
again, if they get knocked out this round,
does management take a look here or what?
Or do they just run it back?
Yeah, people are starting to speculate about the fact that Rod
hasn't signed his deal.
If they would have gotten swept, I would have been like, oh, God,
maybe there would be a changing of the guard or just a relocation
for him to Seattle to partner back up with Ronnie Francis.
I believe they won a cup together when they were in Carolina and they have a pretty strong friendship.
Hey,
fuck,
maybe Toronto would throw the bag at them if,
if they haven't locked up Berube by then.
But I will say guys,
if there's one team who I believe in that could come back in this series,
it is Carolina.
I,
I agree with you though.
Yans right now,
Rangers look like a well-oiled machine.
I think they have thrived off the games where there's been a lot of penalty trouble,
and the flow has been taken out of the game.
Last game was the most five-on-five action we've seen,
and that's where Carolina is able to dominate.
I'm not saying they've completely dominated the whole series five-on-five
against the Rangers.
They have in the shot category I think we all know that that Carolina's motto is just kind of throw everything
on net and sometimes especially when you're playing against a good goaltender like all those
shots from the outside aren't going to phase you especially if you're not getting any traffic
probably the best example of their strategy moving forward in order to have success was
stall in front of the net last game,
battling where they threw one off Shosturkin's pad
where he couldn't find it, and then Nason ended up potting in the rebound.
They need more of that stuff.
The only time they're scoring on Shosturkin right now
is when they got a guy in front like that,
and or it's like a surgical tip.
I mean, I think it was the game before where it was like Orlov and Gensel
had these amazing surgical tips where you're going to need more of that because it's very, very difficult
to beat them clean. I thought Carolina last game came out unreal, like they normally do on the
forecheck, creating a lot of pressure. And they do so as a five-man connected unit. Like on the
first two goals, it wasaving he was coming down breathing down
goudreau's neck that's why uh um cock niemi was able to come over and throw that massive hit where
koozie just picked it up fuck truba was still like near the goal line and wasn't able to gap up so he
comes in and uses them as a screen so if they can stay more five-on-five and continue to push that pace and then also in the meantime finally capitalize on their power play.
And another great thing that Ace picked up was finally they made an adjustment.
So they had Brady Shea.
I think you played with him in New York, Jens.
He's got a pretty good shot.
I didn't realize he had a pretty good bomb.
So he's at the top now.
Yeah, he's got a cannon.
He's got a cannon.
He's that one-timer
option and then they got schvetch on the other side who's also a lefty who can use that one-timer
as well so like i said i think that the rangers are going to win this series but if they can stay
disciplined carolina and not get sucked into the bullshit i'm telling you man i think that they can
bring this thing back home. I seriously do.
And also the other key being they need that extra save.
They can't.
Goaltending and special teams to me in the first three games were the difference.
If you go back to game one, Anderson giving up the Panarin goal,
which the eventual game winner, squeaker through.
Game two, power play goal for Kreider.
He's on it, then he falls back, two power play goal for Kreider.
He's on it.
Then he falls back.
Then it's loose.
Kreider bangs on the easy rebound.
And then it was,
uh,
I mean,
game three, it was,
uh,
who's the Tor,
Tor Panko or Tor Karchenko.
What,
how do you say the Russian name?
Chekhov.
Chekhov.
He wasn't very good either.
Pektor.
Pektor Karchenko.
So if they can get Anderson fresh, playing well,
not letting in that softy goal, mark my words, baby,
this could go seven and we could see the Fugazi show back up.
Wow.
You think it's going seven?
I'm saying if there's one team that could come back from a 3-0 deficit,
I'm very happy with Carolina's play five on five.
The fact, if there's going to be double digits in penalties in game five,
no.
Advantage on the special teams to the Rangers,
they will take it down again.
What do you think, Murr?
Yeah.
I was going to bring up when you guys talked to Jordan Stahl
before the game when he was on the ice.
I never seen a guy more calm and confident.
I knew they were going to win that game as soon as he had that interview.
They're down three nothing.
He was just it was amazing.
I don't know if there was ever a clip of it, if we could find that somehow.
But he was confident.
So I assume they're going to be just as confident tonight.
And like you said, don't let them win this one.
What was the Red Sox guy, Jans?
Don't let us win this one because then we win in this one.
Kevin Millar.
Kevin Millar.
Don't let this Canes team win tonight.
But I think the Rangers, they know that too.
So you're going to see them raise their desperation level
to the same level as the Canes.
And I do think the Rangers will get it done tonight.
I think LaViolette has done such a good job of teaching this team
how to play a full 200-foot game.
The corrections they've made to not just be in this east-west,
high-flying offense and opening the game up.
One of the keys coming into this series, too, was the back end, right?
Outside of Fox, there are all these big mutantsants for the most part, they've done unreal with the
box outs, but then when you do have that five on five and, or Fox on the ice with those
other big boys up front, the, the play doesn't go to him to die.
He's making that play at the blue line where, Oh no, I'm just going to rim it around.
All of a sudden it's another 50, 50 battle.
No, he's setting up those other guys
for success by putting a little
dink play right in their bread basket where they
could just skate right in and continue
to move offensively. So it's been
pretty to watch their power play
and the way they're able to string plays together
like four or five quick little passes in
a row. It's been beautiful to watch.
So a well-coached
team. Unreal 5-on-5 and special teams, I think we're top five all year in both categories. in a row it's been beautiful to watch so uh a well well coached team unreal five on five and
special teams i think we're top five all year in both categories i think i think lafrenier lafrenier
has been i know his first few years i mean he's still what what is he i mean one 22 years old like
he's a young buck in his first few years like they were down on him a little bit, but he had to earn his stripes. He played some fourth line,
he played third line. And then this, this playoffs,
he's getting an opportunity with Trocek and Panarin.
Like he's going to find his way. Obviously he's got the skill. He's now,
I think he has the confidence to, you know,
really elevate his game and he's done that. And you see it like the goal that
he had the other night when Anderson kind of overplayed his post
and he just  just a heads-up play, just banking it in off of him.
He means to do that.
There's not a lot of guys in the league that are that heads-up.
I think he was on his backhand too.
I could be wrong.
But just a smart play, smart player, and glad to see him shining
and living up to that first overall expectation.
There was another bad one that Anderson gave up.
That was the one that I was thinking of.
So, yeah, we'll see, boys.
I don't really have much else on that series.
Is there anything else we forgot, R.A.?
I just want to goof on donkey fans who have called Peter Laviolette a retread
when they hired him last year.
I mean, guys have been to, what, three Stanley Cups, won one of them.
I mean, there are retread coaches in the league.
Peter Laviolette's not one of them.
Shesterk, and we're going to give him a shout-out.
7-1, 2-2-5 goals against 9-2-7.
Save percentage.
Probably in the running for the Connismite right now.
Panarin, all four of his goals so far,
game winners so far in the playoffs.
So, a couple of little tidbits for you.
But, yeah, I don't think the Kings, I don't know, man.
I don't think they went four in a row with this Rangers squad.
They're going to be tough.
But Igor, I don't think he's going to be beatable next game.
I don't know.
He's been fucking, that was the last game was the first game.
He gave up more than three goals, I think, in like 30 games.
30 games in a row he'd gone without giving up more than three goals.
You know who's got the record?
Or not the record.
I think he had the record his
partner jonathan quick he had 32 games with with three or our last goals getting score on him
obviously in his la days when he was just fucking ridiculous played out of his mind con smith not a
big deal not a big and i think igor at home has only let up more than two goals once in the last 40 games or something crazy, too.
So he's back at home.
They're going to be Igor, Igor, Igor.
Gets him going.
He says he wants to cry every time they do it.
He gets so emotional.
He has.
When did she become a silver fox?
I noticed the gray last couple of times he came out.
I know it's his only flaw.
The guy's he's the perfect human being.
And then he's just got a little
bit of gray, but of course it looks good on him.
He's got the George
Clooney look going.
He's an absolute stud muffin.
Yeah, his only flaw.
Have you ever had your name
chanted at the Garden, Keith?
No. Not in a positive
way.
No, I think there's been like there's been like six guys ever
oh okay it's six well I don't know
you're kind of a fan favorite maybe thought maybe
you'd done enough at the casino
night to get some of the fans cheering for you
in the alumni
boxes
anyway alright you have any nuggets left
from the series or anything to wrap up on?
Yeah.
You mentioned Cain's.
That was their first power play goal of the series.
They were 0 for 16.
So see if that wakes them up a little bit.
But we do have one more series to get to.
Oh, what do you got, Murr?
Murr's got something.
I was going to give a little pick for tonight.
A little hidden pick is Vinny Trocek over two and a half shots.
It's been a golden goose all playoffs.
Last game, it didn't hit. But back at home, that's a nice little. It's been a golden goose all playoffs. Last game, it didn't hit, but
back at home, that's a nice
little, and it's a good guy to root for. We all
like Trocek. We love the way he's playing over
two and a half shots. Get on that.
Alright, getting on it. We do have
Dallas, Colorado to get to. We're going to bring on
John Michael Lousen a little bit, but first
a word from our sponsor.
Alright, before
we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at NetSuite.
All right, quick math.
The less your business spends on operations, on multiple systems, on delivering your product or service,
the more margin you have and the more money you keep.
NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management, inventory, HR,
into one platform and
one source of truth. With NetSuite, you reduce IT costs because NetSuite lives in the cloud
with no hardware required, accessed from anywhere. You cut the cost of maintaining multiple systems
because you've got one unified business management suite. You approve efficiency by bringing all your major
business processes into one platform, slashing manual tasks and errors. Over 37,000 companies
have already made the move. So do the math. See how you'll profit with NetSuite. By popular demand,
NetSuite has extended its one-of-a-kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks.
Head to netsuite.com slash chicklets.
That's netsuite.com slash chicklets.
And one more time for the folks in the back.
netsuite.com slash chicklets.
There's some big news with your boys up in Toronto.
They parted ways with Coach Sheldon Keefe after about four and a half seasons he put a really nice statement out the thing we posted on the awesome that was really nice very classy you know um but what do you think he ends
up after here i don't i know people talk in jersey i don't think he ends up in jersey though i don't
think so yeah so we had the rumors boys flying all week not knowing what's going on uh at first
i was convinced that berube was going to end up head coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Then I heard that he was also interviewing with New Jersey.
He lives in New Jersey,
so I think he's like a 45-minute drive from the rink.
So it started making a lot of sense.
Then I've since heard that Keith has gone down
and interviewed with New Jersey.
Maybe the money that they would have to pay Berube
would be a little bit too much,
whereas Toronto has kind of unlimited money and resources
in order to throw the bag at him.
So it's still up in the air.
I, from what I'm reading and hearing,
and I'm not the insider,
it seems like he will end up in New Jersey,
which is a good thing because I wanted Berube
as head coach for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
So I don't know if New Jersey was being used to kind of get that number up on Toronto,
which maybe he is using that as leverage.
But ultimately, guys, I think he's a great coach.
I knew that he was going to land on his feet.
I think he got the short end of the stick in a sense of if you don't have a well-balanced lineup
and you have all that money being thrown at four guys and they're not producing at the rate that they have to
in order for them to win, you can't have success.
So he took responsibility as coach for not getting them over the hump.
I thought that from the overall perspective,
he dealt really well and was very respectful with the media in Toronto.
Sometimes, you know,
it did look like he was getting frustrated by some of the repetitive
questions and having to be in the limelight constantly, but who the fuck wouldn't, right?
So I wish him all the best.
I would love to get him on at some point to talk about his time in Toronto as a Leafs
fan, and I wish him all the success in the world.
It seems as if, though, there was also rumors that Shani was going to be let go because they no longer wanted that president position.
And it would be a situation where Tree Living would have to report to the new CEO.
I have no idea what this guy's name is who took over.
But it seems as if, though, for now, Shani is going to stick on board.
And in his press conference, when they talked about all that and basically summarizing what has happened over the last few years, he really stressed continuing to be patient and not rushing some of these guys where they at in their careers, where he still thinks that if you believe in them, they could maybe find their playoff game and get over the hump my assumption is he's uh he's referencing Marner and still believes in him I think that uh
maybe that's kind of playing it safe in a sense if he doesn't want to move his no move clause and
he does spend the next year there that there is a possibility that Berube and or the whoever the
new coach is is able to get through to him from a play perspective about maybe how to dig in and
find a way to make an impact
in a hockey game come playoff time,
even if it's not just on the score sheet.
I think that that kind of is what, as a fan,
and what I'm trying to stress is that
if you're going to continue to want Marner on your team,
even if it's at making 11 and or looking towards the future
at what he's going to want like 12 12 and a
half it's just not what you're going to be able to to show up with you have to produce more than
that now once again i think that his comments were just playing it safe in a sense if he does spend
the next year there i think that something does need to change and i think they will address
getting rid of one of those guys if not hopefully
getting off of Tavares do we want to roll this as to his comments let's listen to what he has to say
there's a time where you look at the age and the development of players and you talk about
patience and then there comes a time where you see certain patterns and trends repeat themselves
without getting specific I've said earlier it's not our intention here today to
single any one individual out or any one small group of this team out we're talking about the
whole team what we are saying is that it it has certainly become evident that we have to
assess all of those things and assess whether or not we have to make some very difficult decisions
this summer to make the team better.
So once again, I think we all know that he's talking about Marner
because I've had no issue with William Nylander's production,
especially over the last couple of years
when he has been available in playoffs.
I think it sucks what happened to Matthews,
but at least when Matthews was fully healthy,
but even,
even when he wasn't fully healthy,
like game seven,
he was more of an impact than Marner was,
and he was still fucking banged up.
So I think that they need to move on from Marner and hopefully that he's
going to move as no move clause,
uh,
for those Leafs fans who are in the chat or who watch our podcast,
I think that you always need a,
a good roundtable.
Shani's obviously been there before and done that as a player.
I don't think it's a bad idea to have him to consult
and to be part of that roundtable to make decisions moving forward.
Some of you will disagree because he's been there so long
and nothing's changed.
I think we see what happens this offseason,
see what moves are made,
see if they can improve
moving forward and then if not then well then maybe you can keep bitching and then they will
no longer need that president position and or they move on to someone else so how do you guys feel
about it yance do you think if they were gonna fire shanee then they would have had him do that
press conference or you still i don't know, there was rumors beforehand where I think Elliot Friedman had reported
that conversations had been taking place,
and he got that information from the inside,
that they were thinking about the possibility of moving on
from that role in general.
It's like, why can't the GM just report to the CEO,
and can that GM GM along with the guys
that he hires and his round table make the same decisions,
if not better ones moving forward.
Cause Shani's obviously been involved with them for the last eight to 10
years.
I think he's had the job for maybe eight years already.
I don't know if that's the exact number.
Maybe he is in the double digits.
I like Shani.
And like I said,
you always want experienced guys who have been there and done that,
especially as players who know,
know what it takes to win and know what type of personnel in the locker
room works and fits.
You need to have a good round table.
So I have no problem.
I like him and I want him to keep his job.
I was just going based off of what reports were.
And yes,
the fact that he did that press conference,
I think that he is at least sticking on board
for this next upcoming year
to find out what the resolution is
in order to get this team over the hump.
But the good news is, man,
most teams don't have a guy like Matthews
and Nylander locked in.
And that's a good problem to have.
They got Marner one more year.
If he doesn't waive his no wave his no move clause the only thing
that sucks is he's you're eventually going to part ways with him and not get any assets in return
if you can somehow get a D and a utility player and in return and for the same amount of money
where you're getting two guys and you could spread that throughout the lineup and you can get rid of
Marner where you already have that type of high offense where that's really all he does,
that to me is the perfect resolution, especially with Tavares going into his last year.
I also have no issue with JT.
I think we just all agree he makes way too much money.
He's a 3 million player at max right now.
He's a third-line center who you know play a little bit of power
play help um as a as a depth forward and great leadership in the locker room and he might tell
you he might say i'm a fucking idiot for saying that but i don't think he plays anywhere near as
to what he's getting paid what do you guys think he's worth if they bring him back oh yeah yeah
that's exactly a two three million fill in and be a
role player a leader but you can't have him taken that's like three good players you could get for
11 million dollars it's wild yeah but going back to keith i think he might be coming into the
content game like with that video the background he had the way he was talking oh it's amazing
how about portnoy man All-time move recording.
You get fired from heaven.
Let's play the whole video.
It deserves it.
Let's start it back over fresh.
Time has come to say goodbye.
Writing down a note and sending it out didn't seem like enough,
and I do plan on taking a little break from media, so here I am.
I'm forever grateful for the opportunity to coach the Toronto Maple Leafs.
It's a dream come true for a boy from Brampton.
I didn't get it done in the playoffs.
I didn't help push our team over the line and deliver.
I accept responsibility for that.
No excuses.
That's the job.
I didn't get it done.
Yeah, I love that.
He should have done a cannonball right in the lake when he finished talking.
Yeah, something like that.
Give out a pick and jump in there.
But if he doesn't go Jersey, who's still open?
Winnipeg?
San Jose?
I feel like he'd be good with maybe San Jose, like young guys,
because he was in the Marlies with all those young guys,
and they won the Calder Cup.
Yeah, so that's also why I think that New Jersey would want him,
is because he's had that experience dealing with not only Toronto media
but that young core that's coming up.
So I think that it's not going to be long that he's on the shelf.
I think he's going to get picked up fairly soon.
And how does it work, though?
So he's two years left with the Leafs because he just signed an extension.
So when he signs with a new team, does he just
basically waive that Toronto money
or do they pay a certain portion
of what his new salary would
be? How does that all work?
I think they pay the difference.
To make math simple,
if he's making 5 million
in Toronto and signs for 2 million
in Jersey, I think they have to pay him 3.
I think. Don't quote
me on that. Probably different. They probably
negotiate that. I think they've got to ask
for permission still, probably. Don't they always
say that? New Jersey asked
Toronto for permission to talk to him.
Not if he gets fired, though. Or maybe
New Jersey takes the salary and
maybe it's all of it, where nowadays
it seems like sometimes, even when
they fire the coach, if he's still under contract contract if you want to have him you have to give up an asset sometimes they
have to send back like a draft pick or two in return so maybe they just take on the salary
and waive the fact that they're sending anything back the other way i i guess that'll come out more
once he signs ra but uh yeah i always thought like you know if a guy has term left and he gets a new
job then it just kind of invalidates the previous team he worked for.
Like, in other words, if, you know, San Jose hired Keefe, then, you know, they would just rip up his Toronto contract.
I mean, they might figure out the money to get it close, but I don't think he gets like I don't think he double dips, basically.
OK, state worker.
Do it.
How about the coach in turnover?
The sixth longest tenured coach in the league right now is Bruce Cassidy.
He was hired less than two years ago, June 14, 2022.
Sixth.
Yeah, so Pete DeBoer was asked about this, and he's like,
how the fuck do you expect coaches to be successful when they don't have any time
to get to know their players and learn from things where it just seems like
if things aren't working out after 18 months, teams are willing to move on from guys.
There's no loyalty for coaches in the NHL right now.
Yeah, very little.
What have you done for me lately?
All right, we're going to bring on John Michael Liles in a second,
but first we have a word from our sponsor.
All right, guys, before we go any farther,
I want to talk to you about our good friends at Farmer's Dog.
I've talked about it time and time again. Lil Ravioli here loves, absolutely loves Farmer's Dog. They give her
these pre-packaged food containers. They're the best. You just can't beat Farmer's Dog because
the days are warmer, the walks are longer, and the one easy way to help your dog shine this season
is with fresh, healthy food from the farmer's dog.
The farmer's dog makes real, fresh dog food and delivers it right to your door,
just how Ravi likes it. Recipes are developed with vet nutritionists made from real meat and
veggies and portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to the burnt brown balls
and feed your dog real food with real benefits. It's smart,
healthy pet food. You can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for dogs of all
life stages because it's not just kibble. It's not just can goo. It's real healthy food. Traditional
dry and wet dog food are highly processed and can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to and are much difficult to portion accurately.
Like I said, Farmer's Dog sends you these.
It tells you exactly how much you're supposed to feed your dog each day.
The Farmer's Dog isn't just fresh, high quality food.
They also send the pre-portioned specifically for your dog based on their unique needs.
It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing
in their health.
That means more happy, healthy, and full years together.
Get 50 off your first box of fresh, healthy food at thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets.
Plus, get free shipping.
Just go to thefarmersdog.com slash chiclets to get
50 off.
That's thefarmersdog.com
slash chiclets.
Ravioli's favorite.
Whoa, what an
ad reach. Ravioli.
He had his name on that food even already.
I like that.
Time to bring on our next guest, this handsome bastard.
He's been on about three or four times. Funny john michael ielts who's jim what's going on buddy
how you doing guys i'm good just uh not much about to head down the mountain for the uh for
the game tonight so uh jump on with you guys and then uh back to business fuck boy you look great
like what's your workout routine what are you doing i'm not, boy, you look great. What's your workout routine? What are you doing? I'm not even fucking around.
You look awesome.
It's just
making sure I get my rouge at
night and
get a workout in every now and again.
Genetics. Every now and again?
Are you training three, four
days a week? Yeah,
four days a week. I live in the mountains,
so it's all right there. It's pretty nice. It's pretty nice right at your fingertips and colorado is a pretty
easy place to stay healthy fucking right i mean let's get right into the abs man like game three
probably the most frustrated they've been all playoffs long like slamming sticks on the door
it just seems like i mean dallas puts teams nuts in a vice, man. And it
seemed like they did that to them in game three. They did. I mean, Dallas, listen, they're well
coached. Um, you know, Pete DeBoer, Steve spot, who's the assistant coach. I actually had him in
Toronto when I got sent down from the Leafs to the Marley's and he's an unbelievable coach. So
detail oriented, but he gets the most out of his guys so i have to give him a shout out and um i
mean they're frustrating um the abs they've got the layers um they're they're they almost run in
the boston d zone where it's like a box plus one where nobody gets inside and if you're getting
inside their their big d are boxing out really well ottinger saw everything in game three uh
they went high pressure on the power play, especially off face-offs.
You know,
Makar,
Makar did,
did some damage in game one.
And so literally every face-off on the power play,
they went right at him as hard as they could.
They're,
they're,
they're daring the abs to,
to make two or three passes and have,
you know,
have net front tap in.
And unfortunately they were just,
you know,
you know,
six inches a foot off on their passes in game three.
So there was definitely some frustration, but at the same time, I mean, I think that, you know, And unfortunately, they were just six inches a foot off on their passes in game three.
So there is definitely some frustration. But at the same time, I think it's identifiable in terms of what Dallas was doing.
And I would expect a pretty good response from the Avs tonight.
Power play has to get going.
They've got to get a lead.
That's the big one.
Dallas doesn't have to break from their system.
Avs haven't had a lead yet this series. And so Dallas is just smothering system. Don't have to
open up. Everything's high percentage. It's flipped out. It's up the boards. I mean, very
rarely through the middle of the ice. And so, um, you know, for the abs, it's getting the lead,
get the fans involved. And, uh, I think that, you know, that's the biggest thing for me.
I think that's the biggest thing for me.
John, quick one.
I mean, obviously, you see Colorado play all 82 games.
What does Nachushkin  like, during the playoffs,
it just seems like he's just bred for this shit.
And, like, as soon as the playoffs start, he's a new man.
Is he on the gas? And you guys said it.
You guys said it.
You know, like, how did he go a year without scoring a goal? It's insane.
I mean, the guy's taking a penalty too. Yeah, exactly. That's right. Yeah.
He's six foot five. He can skate. I mean, he goes to the front of the net.
You don't move them. He's got hands. He shoots the puck hard.
And now he's got like, you know, he's got that confidence.
I mean, they missed him so bad last year in round one against Seattle in that seven game series um they they missed him really really badly um but yeah I
mean he's just he's he's playoff bread like he he thrives in the playoffs and especially when you
have Makar McKinnon Rantan um it sounds like Drew Enns on the first power play unit morning skate
Katie Goss just texted that to our group chat. So maybe he's back tonight, which would be a nice injection of skill to the top six.
I just, I mean, you put him on that power play.
And Jared Bednar, he moves him up and down from that first to the second line,
depending on who needs to get going.
If Nate needs to get going, bam, Nachushkin's up with Rantanen and Nate.
If, you know, if Middlestad,
if he's trying to get him going,
Natchushkin goes to him.
I mean, him and Lekkonen,
when they're interchangeable,
Lekkonen's built for the playoffs too.
Different type of animal,
but man, does he perform.
I mean, it's just amazing.
And, you know, he missed 37 games this year
with that neck injury going into the boards headfirst.
And I mean, he's round one,
he was lights out, Natchushkin was lights out. You know, those guys taking away hell bucks eyes. And that's the
one thing I think, um, I think the stat was like 73 or 75 of those goals. The abs scored in round
one, he hella buck was screened. They haven't had that yet in round two with Ottinger. Now I think
Ottinger does a tremendous job of, you know, of getting around guys, those screens,
but the Avs got to get more net front presence,
especially with Ottinger playing the way he's playing.
Go ahead. Any concern with the goaltender?
Yeah.
Gorgiev, he hasn't, you know, hasn't been stellar.
No concern, though.
He's sub 900, but when you look at it, you know,
they gave up 22 shots, you know, in game three or game two, sorry,
22 shots in game two. I mean,
like since game one of round one, he's been really good.
He's made the saves he's supposed to make. I mean, you look at, you know,
the two goals that they scored against him in game three,
one was backdoor to say again on a three on two.
And the other one was a turnover through the middle of the defensive zone and
Stanko. And I mean, he, it was a great shot. I mean,
Georgiev had some ridiculous saves, you know, midway through the third.
I forget who it was. It might've been Sam steel. I mean,
it's a rebound backdoor and Georgiev goes full splits and gets a blocker on it
to keep it a one goal game. Like to me, it's not Georgiev. Georgiev's playing well. Yeah. It's a sub 900 save percentage,
but you look at the shots against, I mean, he gave up two goals and then there was two empty
netters. So to me, it's not Georgiev right now. I don't have any concerns. I know everybody wanted
his head on a platter after game one. Um, and they may have, you know, may have changed, um,
after game one had Ananen not been sick.
He was down for, I think, three or four games,
I guess, with really bad flu in round one.
And so they went back to Georgiev
and he was lights out for the rest of that round.
So for me, it's not on him.
I think it's getting in Ottinger's face,
getting traffic and really, really making it difficult on him.
And I don't know that they've done that yet.
Yeah, my biggest concern has been the depth and I don't know that they've done that yet. Yeah.
My, my biggest concern has been the depth and I'm happy to hear
Druin's back.
I'm the big abs guy.
You know that, you know, Lekanen has been my guy.
He's my, he gets the shots for me every game.
And then last game he had none.
And he was a little off last game.
Yeah.
And it's no surprise that the whole team was off.
It's like, he's almost the engine.
You know what you're getting, McKinnon, McCarr, Ratnan.
They need that second line.
We've been talking about it all day.
It's the teams with the second, third line.
Because you look at it over at Dallas's roster, third line,
where they got Marchment, Sagan.
Like, these are serious players.
Serious players.
We got Zach Greasy on the second line. I mean, Zach, he's 40 years old.
Zach Colvin only played 12 12 13 minutes last game yeah yeah
just they're able to stay fresh right they got they just a well-oiled machine right now and the
fact when you're getting two guys like wyatt johnson stankoven on entry levels contributing
what they're doing it's fine that's it reminds me of chicago the year they won the cup the first
time with that that three-day one with Taves and, and Kane.
Yeah. I mean, the depth for the abs million. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I mean, the buyout, you know, the buyout helps, helps offset that, but yeah, I mean, it's the depth for the abs. They were great
in round one. You know, I think that, you know, for them, like that's, that's their key last year,
their depth wasn't there. I look, you know, we went back and looked at the third and fourth
lines for the abs last year and the third and fourth lines for the abs this year. Last year, their depth wasn't there. We went back and looked at the third and fourth lines for the Avs last year
and the third and fourth lines for the Avs this year.
I mean, it's night and day difference, and you saw that in round one.
Now getting Drouin back, that allows Brise to slot down.
It kind of gets everybody back to where they should be.
And so then now you've got that more skill on the second line,
so you get Middlestat, you get Drouin, and whether it's Nachushkin or Lekanen,
I mean, that line to me is a bigger difference maker.
Lekanen, he had a tough game in game three,
but I think he's a performer, right?
He performs in the playoffs.
I'm not worried about him.
I look for him to have a rebound game.
And the third and fourth lines,
when you add Trennan and you add Duhame at the
deadline like to me those were big pickups and and I think with those guys everybody's slotting
in kind of where they should be I think it'll be a good game tonight for the Avs. So we have so
many Dallas bag lickers in the chat saying like oh are you guys even watching the games guys we
have a Colorado employee on the show we will get to stroking off your Dallas Stars.
I got the lube next to me right here.
Let's keep focusing on Colorado there.
End of the season, Ratnan got in a collision with Ekholm.
Is he still affected by that?
Because I don't feel like he's been his dominant self like we've seen in the past.
You know, we've talked about that
and I mean it's it's definitely a possibility it was a you know it was a good clean hit by
Ekholm you know ran and didn't see him coming was turning with the puck and Ekholm caught him a
little bit blindside and you know not like vicious or anything but it was it was a good hit and you
know Mikko he had you know two goals in game five against Winnipeg, but he looked a little out of sorts against Winnipeg.
And kind of the same thing with Dallas.
You know, it just seems like that puck where normally it's glued to his stick and you cannot get it away from him.
It just seems to be kind of trickling off his stick consistently.
And, you know, part of that is probably what Dallas is doing and how they're playing defensively.
Like they're smothering and everything's to the outside and it's really hard
for those guys to get to the inside. So, you know, you're, you're really,
you're putting it out there for people to, you know,
to knock it off your stick when you, when you're,
you're having to enter through two and three sticks against Dallas,
they're smothering in the D zone. So, you know,
I think that could play into it a little bit, but you know,
at the same time, I mean, everybody's dealing with something right now. Right. It's just, you know, that's, that's how it is. And you know, I think that could play into it a little bit, but, you know, at the same time, I mean, everybody's dealing with something right now, right?
It's just, you know, that's how it is.
And, you know, it's, you know, you hope he can get going that game five against Winnipeg.
You'd love to see him have one of those games where he gets to the front of the net, he gets a tip in goal, and then he feels good and really starts to, you know, get the juices flowing again.
So I just wanted to hop in with one more quick one.
Jamie Ben's been a bully his entire career.
He bullied Tabes in, uh, in game two.
Why no, why no response from the team?
Miles Wood has fought Jamie Ben before and done well.
Josh Manson has fought him before and done well.
Why didn't they try to year why didn't they address
that in game three and was anything said ice level to him because it seems like he's just having his
way and getting away with it well listen i mean the the ben hit on taves i mean we we broke it
down on on altitude you know myself and mark ryecroft and we talked about i mean it's still
like it's a vicious hit yeah but it's still a clean hit like he hit shoulder to me right yeah and it's unfortunate
because his head goes back and then hits wyatt johnson right so it's that like car crash where
it's bam bam um you know like the abs went after ben a little bit like manson hit him a couple times
you know pretty hard in game two after that he put him into the bench you know ben was sucking in air um but it's not like this this abs team isn't gonna go
out and try and rip your head off on a nightly basis right josh manson's tough but you think
about like curtis mcdermott they traded at the deadline he wasn't playing they were trying to
open up cap space um you know for for the abs like it's i think it's more trying to open up cap space. You know, for the abs, like it's,
I think it's more trying to be physical on a guy like Jamie Benn.
But realistically, you know,
Josh Manson will fight him,
but do you really want Josh Manson
fighting in the playoffs at this point?
That to me is kind of how they approach it.
They're going to try and win games
and they're going to try and, you know,
take those shots when they're available.
But it's not like there's a guy that's going to, you know,
rip his head off and spit down his, you know, spit down his neck.
Josh Manson fought him, whatever it was earlier this year or last year.
And I mean, Ben tried to come in as a lefty and Manson, I mean,
you could see it was like his eyes went like this.
Oh my God, grabbed his right.
And then it was just like, he threw three or four punches.
He got him with one and put him down.
Like Manson's tough enough, but to me, that's not the Jared Bednar team, right? He threw three or four punches. He got him with one and put him down.
Manson's tough enough, but to me, that's not the Jared Bednar team.
He's not sending somebody out there to go kill Jamie Benn.
They're trying to win games.
They're trying to win playoff series.
That's how Jared Bednar coaches.
Bedsy was tough as they come in the minors.
You also got to realize too, Biz, Jamie Benn is a wily vet. he knows how to play the game within the game like he's hitting a guy he knows he can fight anyone on that team he doesn't
have to he can make them try to chase him around a little bit like he's a cagey cagey vet he knows
what he's doing yeah the army's got the chat buzzing he wants to know is there any hope for
landa scog to get in the he ain't coming
back can we wheel him out and just put him in front of the net on the pp or something
you know i i think i think first of all the roof would blow off ball arena if you put landy in at
a game uh in a home game um i i don't have any inside info on it. I don't see, to me, this is my opinion.
I don't know that he comes back in the playoffs.
Like it's, he's skating.
I think that's a positive thing, but from, you know, from everything I've heard now,
my jam, not at every practice, um, he's, he's not doing full contact drills.
Like it's, it's a slow progression.
Um, my hope is Landy comes back and plays and and you know plays the rest of his
contract has you know the heck of a rest of his career but right now i think the focus is on long
term for landy and not trying to get him back in these playoffs um as as much as i you know i think
every colorado fan would love to see him playing um it's it's a it's a legit injury and um you know
i think the timeline is longer than these playoffs.
I'm hoping for like when Stamkos came back for that one game
and just had a couple shifts and ended up scoring a goal,
just like a great send-off like that.
Well, since these Dallas fans are getting uncontrollable in the chat here
wanting to stroke off, let's talk about how well of a job
they've done on Makar the last two games I've
never seen Makar neutralized back-to-back games like that like he's a world-class talent what is
Dallas doing to him you mentioned pouncing on him on the power play right away and getting in his
kitchen what else are they doing in order to slow him down well listen I mean Kale McCarr um I mean he's still generating chances
right like you look at game two I forget who he dangled at the blue line off a face-off and went
in and almost scored like went through you know half the Dallas team but they're they're they're
taking away um they're taking away just his his uh ability to join the rush I think and and honestly
I think the biggest thing for me is Dallas has
done a great job in the offensive zone, extended shifts, because if you keep an extended shift in
the offensive zone below the abs goal line for 30 or 40 seconds, it takes away that ability of
kale McCarran Devante's and that forward line to really generate anything off of a counter because
the legs are tired. They've been, they've been dealing with a 30, 40 minute long shift. And so you can see at Dallas, everything is behind the net.
Everything goes behind the net. They're going to grind you down. Like I said, it's all high
percentage plays. They're not throwing it out front blindly. And so for me, it's, they're making
them go 200 feet as cliche as it sounds. And then on the power play, they're pouncing on them.
They're saying, okay, we're going to take Cael McCarr away because he's so dynamic at the blue line with the puck on his stick.
We're going to try and charge him.
We're going to try and charge McKinnon.
We're going to say, okay, you other three on the power play,
if you can beat us, we're going to tip our cap to you.
But right now, you know, they haven't been able to beat him
in the last two games.
They're 0 for 6 on the power play the last couple of games.
I mean, those are difference makers, right?
And so, to me, it's that, you know, I look at like the amount of energy
the Avs had to expend in game one to come back and win that game.
You could see there was a serious lull in game two.
And then trying to come back in game two, you know,
the Avs still had legs in game three.
But like when you're constantly chasing, I mean,
it just takes so much out of you. And so, like I said,
abs got to get a lead and this is, I mean,
Dallas is doing a great job at executing their game plan.
They're well coached.
They understand what Colorado strengths are and what their weaknesses are.
And they are playing it to a T.
That's what I say.
What does Dallas do? Those flip. They're just flipping it out.
They get ahead and then they just flip it out.
Sit back.
I don't know.
This is nothing against their defensemen.
They've got tremendous defensemen. I don't know that their D
made a pass out of the zone in the
third period of that game.
I honestly don't.
Uh-oh, you're going to fire up the chat.
You're going to fire up the chat.
These people are ruthless.
I think this is just all glass.
This is all glass banger burner accounts in here.
Like, oh, a stroke off pass from a car.
For Christ's sake, we're complimenting Dallas' defense
and how they're shutting down a generational defenseman.
Can we talk puck a little bit here, you fucking mutants?
You don't have to read it.
Oh, well, no, that's how we got to get them
involved. We got to kind of keep the engagement
up, Jans. What are your thoughts on
Dallas, Jans?
That's Jamie Benn trying to get oxygen
to his brain.
Just like half of these
jock sniffers in the chat.
Talk about Dallas more. You're not talking
about Glassbanger and Fitz McGeehan up on the chat. Talk about Dallas more. You're not talking about Glassbanger and
Fitz McGeehan up on the glass.
Holy fuck.
Wah, wah, wah. You guys are like
the Boston Bruins fans in here.
Ooh.
Anything else
you guys want to ask Lyle's about what's
going on here?
Is there any sense of desperation
or like, you know, they're down to one right now.
Do you see anything with that group where you see any,
where they might be panicked a little bit or frustrated? I mean,
you see the stick slash and stuff during the game.
I think that comes from not scoring on the power play, but yeah.
But throughout the whole team, do you see anything?
I mean, there's definitely frustration, but I think  I mean, that's part of it, right?
It's a  you know, a lot  I mean, seven-game series,
you're going to have ups and downs.
You know, Dallas did a great job of adjusting after game one.
Avs have to adjust now after the games two and three
and counter what they've done.
There's some frustration.
I don't see panic in this group.
There's very rarely panic in this group.
I mean, a lot of these guys were on this team two years ago
when they won the cup.
And so to me, like you mentioned Landeskog, like you miss Gabe.
I mean, he's around, but that's where you miss Gabe, right?
Like he drives the bus, he pulls the rope, whatever.
Like Nate leads, Kale leads.
You've got a ton of leaders on this team,
but like this is where you miss Gabe.
And you know, like when he's on the ice, like everybody kind of follows what he does.
And it's one of those things where, yeah, like there's, there's a ton of skill.
There's a ton of depth.
You know, their, their, their defense is solid, but it's just that, that, you know, Gabe Landis
like these are the times where you really miss Gabe.
Hey, he would have fought ben that game
garren fucking key you've like hey he would have went up and fought him no yeah yeah no i i i
wouldn't put a pat i mean i just remember shen brayden shen going after miko whatever four years
ago in the playoffs it was like game one and um and landy went right after him and it was i mean
when you get gabe angry like it's, it's, it gets a little scary,
like big Swede, just, I mean, it's, uh, and, and yeah,
like I think he probably would have, it wouldn't,
wouldn't have surprised me one bit. And, um, you know,
I know he wants to be out there, uh, more than anybody right now. And, um,
yeah, like I said, hopefully, hopefully we get him back at some point.
That's the big one.
You touched on divorceBoer's coaching.
What are some other impressive things you see with the Stars?
Like what else are you seeing that they provide?
I mean, the Avs have had virtually no odd man rushes.
There's always a third guy high.
I mean, when you look at the Avs, they can be a quick strike team.
And they're saying saying you're never
gonna beat us on the rush like there's always a third guy high we looked at so much video after
game three on set and I mean you could be like you could pick out maybe one time during the game
where there's potentially an odd man rush and just I they're so well coached they're so well
dialed in and like I said Steve, Pete DeBoer, like you
tip your cap, right? Like it's, you've got your team buying in. Not only do you have that depth
of the four lines that can score and, and, um, just the way that they buy in and, and everything
is just so dialed in terms of they, they play the percentages. It's not going through the middle
out of your own end, unless it's 110. Right. And like, that's how you win in the percentages. It's not going through the middle out of your own end unless it's 110, right?
And, like, that's how you win in the playoffs.
And it's impressive.
I mean, I, you know, like people call it boring.
We had some people calling it Pete DeBoring at one point.
Pete DeBoring hockey.
Connor McGehee said that last game.
But realistically, like, it's just, I mean, they just, they're well coached,
well oiled.
And when they had the lead, there was no chance the Avs would get anywhere near the front of the night. realistically like it's just i mean they just they're well coached well oiled and and when
when they had the lead there was no chance the abs anywhere near the front of the night right
or front of the net right the goal that abs scored nate had to dangle tanev to get to the middle of
the ice yeah like it was a sick move i feel like they've been doing a good job of that though is
is getting decent zone entries i know they haven't been getting the odd man rushes, and you also touched on it.
The fact they've been trailing the whole time,
why does Dallas need to take any risks offensively?
They just stay above the puck.
So I guess game four, that's probably the biggest key,
is getting out to that lead and then letting that pace and tempo take over.
Now, the other thing I was going to say, too,
is the one thing that as this series progresses,
Dallas is playing with five D right.
That Nils one quiz is getting literally no three to five minutes of
ice time,
even when it's going into overtime some nights.
Do you think that that's something that could pick away at that?
I said,
I said,
post game after game three,
the longer this series goes,
I think it favors Colorado because you're only playing 5D.
Yeah, they've spread around the minutes really well.
Like nobody's at 30 that I saw.
I think it was like 25 to 18.
I think Suits had like 1840 last game.
So, I mean, they're managing those pretty well for only playing 5D.
Now, whenever Hockenpah comes back, like that's a big boost for them.
But if it goes seven games to me and you've only been playing 5D for seven games
and the Avs are able to really start generating and finding ways to have sustained pressure,
you've got to come back to altitude for game six.
It could be a factor, but I just think they manage the game so well
that the Avs are really going to have to work
to make that an issue
for them. Hey, all you
Dallas fans in the chat, get your Kleenex
out. I'm going to read one for you here.
Tanev, we're talking about deadline
deals. He's played
80 minutes head-to-head versus
Eichel and McKinnon without giving up a goal
against five-on-five.
He's going to give up six tonight.
Oh yeah.
Not he he's mistake free hockey.
He's been an absolute fucking beast.
He is the one guy.
What wasn't, wasn't a Rantanen's goal five on five that me,
that Nate dangled him.
Oh, I thought, well, this is, this is coming from a buddy of mine.
So maybe he is wrong.
Maybe before that it was 80 minutes,
so maybe it wasn't including that one.
And maybe it was before game three then.
But regardless, doing an incredible job five on five.
So put the Kleenex away, Chad.
Sorry, I fucked that one up.
Sorry, Dallas fans.
I'm just here to
Yeah, they're going to hate you.
They're going to hate you.
You better go into witness protection.
Lads, the guys out, Larry about auto maybe getting into the zone,
you know, a couple of good stats in a row.
All of a sudden, you know, start squeezing the sticks a little bit.
He's capable of it.
You know, I mean, listen, he's a tremendous goaltender.
I mean, he's one of my favorite goalies in the NHL to watch.
Like, he's so good.
He plays the puck really well, too.
And that's the other thing.
Like, you got to keep the puck away from you gotta nice oh it's it's unbelievable right like you don't even have to go back for
the puck you just open up right like I don't want to go back for the puck and and so um yeah like
like he he's he's out of the net I would say um nine times out of ten on dumpins you know get
knocking it down at the very least but like ripping it up to his D-men.
And so, yeah, like he's feeling good after game three for sure.
But I think, you know, game four, we talked about it.
Avs have to get traffic in front of them.
They did a great job against Hellebuck.
But credit to their D, too.
They're boxing out really well.
Tanev, Lindell.
I mean, Suits is doing a great job.
I mean, Suits is almost 40 still plugging away out
there like looks like the guy never takes a stride it's unbelievable and so um just watching you know
yeah he really doesn't like occasionally you know a stride here or there but he's just always in the
right uh right spot and um yeah like I think part of it is the way they're deer boxing out the way
their defensive zone is structured uh they're letting Ot your see those pucks and if he sees it i mean man he he makes those saves right like he's
just he's a tremendous goaltender he's big he's got that confidence and um you know it's it's it
definitely gives your team uh some swagger when you know your goal he's playing like that you know
who i think's been killing him too is dadnov i felt a little under under the radar holy i played with
him in florida he's unbelievable his motor is insane he can fly i think he's one of the best
bumper guys i ever played with on the power play always in the right position making plays just as
like an outlet guy didn't even care if he scored i got an assist he was just like really good at
being an option for people but yeah when he's when he's skating the way he is and score like a couple bad angle
shots he scored i think it was last series but yeah just like bad angle shots you know he has
the confidence he's he's an unreal player he's the one that made that pass to sagan back door
for their second goal i mean it was ridiculous over two sticks like it landed right on sagan's stick and georgia read it but like sagan got tons of power on it and upstairs like it was it was a
ridiculous play i felt bad for cogliano he kind of got put on a bad change there and then he got
stopped up at the at the far blue and as soon as he stopped he's like motherfucker and he sprinted
back as fast as he could but he couldn't catch him. You could see that he knew what was happening.
He knew what was coming and he came in,
like he came in like lumberjack,
trying to chop Sagan's stick, didn't get it.
And yeah, I mean, even in the post game,
like he said it, you know, it was,
you could tell it was rattling him after the game.
And yeah, I'm sure it's been eaten up at him
for the last 48 hours.
Oh, brutal, brutal feeling.
Was there any other takeaways that you wanted to mention?
I mean, you pretty much covered it all, buddy, and we appreciate your time and coming on
to break down that Dallas-Colorado series, which is going to, I think it's going to at
least six.
I said six or seven games.
I think they're really evenly matched.
And in the end, like if the abs can
get another win tonight um it'd be huge um but yeah it's I I love watching it because it is it's
it's like the ultimate chess match like there's not a lot of hate out there is what I would say
like the ben hit that was you know guys were pissed off or whatever but like to me it's just
it's a great series like it's physical. The abs are physical.
Dallas is physical.
They're trading chances, but not running gun hockey.
It's an awesome series to watch,
and it's been fun being at Ball Arena last game,
and then tonight I'm looking forward to it as well,
so thanks for having me on.
A last question, actually.
Do you think that R.A. could beat Joe Pavelski
in a head-on race right now
goal line a goal line man i this is the only and i said this the other night i love pad like the guy
is an absolute freak but this is the first time he's ever looked his age in my mind like i've
never seen like he just he he's like he's he's ageless in my mind. And what he does, like, nightly, I swear to God,
he scores against the Avs every frigging game,
whether it's San Jose, whether  you know, whatever.
Like, he always scores.
And, like, this is the first time that I've ever seen Pavs, like,
where I'm like, oh, my God.
Like, he looks like he's now getting closer to 40.
It blew my mind.
If Scott can skate that good, get him out there.
He's got the biz boots on right now, getting caught on breakaways.
Did you see him the other night?
He had a breakaway and fumble fucked it.
I'm like, oh, God.
I'm like, this is what it was like to pay to watch me play.
But no disrespect to Pabst.
An incredible career.
I love that guy.
I think he's going to be a Hall of Famer.
And I actually, if Dallas ends up winning the cup like how about going out in style hey and as you said he could
be an impact despite the boots like net front if he gets positioning he could tip a few in and next
thing you know he's a he's a he's never been fast right like he's always he knows i mean he knows
who he is right like i look at guy like and like Andrew Burnett way back when. He was never fast, but he had 75 points a year and went to the net and knew his job.
That's the same thing with Paz.
He can still be an impact guy.
I'm worried about him every night, is what I would say, going net run.
Fuck, Brew could hold on to the puck behind the net.
Dude, his ass was this big and he couldn't get around it.
It was just like, I got,
I got one.
I got one last one.
Is that a poppy van Winkle up top,
top left?
Oh yeah.
So I got a couple of,
I got a couple of 15 year pappy.
So one of them,
that one.
And then,
and then the 10 year,
the Bruins,
when I retired,
they got me a 15 and a 10.
And so I got another 15 from,
from a buddy,
but that 15 from the Bruins probably won't be open for a long time.
You don't open that one.
Everything in here I drink except for that one.
Can we get a hot take for tonight?
What do you think the score is going to be?
Prediction?
Yeah, first goal scorer too.
Who's going to get the ball? We got to get the thing started for us. I'm going to be prediction yeah first goal scorer too who's going to get the we got to get the thing started for us i'm going lacking in first goal scorer
merles i follow you on the on the lack of shots by the way i've been pumping that hard uh but uh
i say lacking in first goal scorer i think abs win three two but it's it's a battle right like
it's been a battle all series um i i think they're going to make some adjustments drew and getting back in the lineup will be a good injection hopefully for those guys and
um hopefully uh you know they get a power play goal or two so three two but i'm a homer i work
for the abs well you were a leafs uh um or you are a leafs alumni what do you make of their
situation you think they should get rid of marner oh man I I mean like like I I was on I don't know
what I was on another um show whatever a couple weeks ago the only thing they haven't changed is
the core four right like you've changed everything else changed all the defensemen changed the
goalies um at some point like you know you got to stop banging your head against the wall like
yeah they've had chances like game sevens against Boston. You know, I mean, I was on Toronto when we lost game seven and 13 there.
So thanks for bringing up the Leafs memories.
I was plus two that game, so whatever.
MacArthur fucked it up?
He had a pizza?
No, no, no.
No, that wasn't Clark.
He's fault.
Clark, you'll come through the  Clark, you'll drive up here from Florida.
What a fight.
No, honestly, like I think at some point you got to address it.
Like you said it.
Like if you get  whatever, if it's Tavares, if it's Marner, like that salary,
you can get two, three good players in the NHL for that.
And two, three good players on those depth lines, it could be a
difference maker.
If I'm Toronto, I'm throwing a bag
at Sam Bennett this summer.
I don't even know if he's a UFA.
I don't even know if he's a UFA.
Just kidnap him.
Oh, shit.
Lyle, thanks so much for stopping by. Always a pleasure.
Hopefully we'll catch you later in the playoffs, my friend.
Sounds good. Thanks, guys. Hopefully we'll catch you later in the playoffs, my friend. Sounds good.
Thanks, guys.
See you, Johnny.
All right, buddy.
All right.
Now a word from our sponsor once again.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Hey, we all carry around different stresses, big and small,
especially in this current environment of this planet right now.
And we keep them all bottled up, it can start to affect us negatively not good that's why therapy is a safe space to get things off your chest and
to figure out how to work through whatever's weighing you down life's tough man especially
you get older especially the state of the world today everybody can use a little bit of therapy
and i know i'm an old stubborn guy sometimes it's tough to take that first step but once you do man
it kind of opens up a whole new world for you just talking to somebody can take such a load off your
shoulders there's no judgment they don't maybe put a little bias toward you good or bad so if
you're thinking of starting therapy give better help a try it's entirely online it's designed to
be convenient flexible and suited to your schedule Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist
and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge.
Get it off your chest with BetterHelp.
Visit betterhelp.com slash chicklets today to get 10 off your first month.
That's betterhelp, H-E-L-P dot com slash chicklets.
What a great guest. A couple clicks, he's miles, boys. Yeah, he's such a good guy. WPLP.com slash chicklets.
What a great guest.
A couple clicks for Miles, boys.
He's such a good guy.
What a handsome bastard, too.
Jesus Christ.
Biz, Utah.
They got a survey out.
See what the name for the Utah hockey team. They're going to be Utah Hockey Club this year.
Should we do a little Seattle style and just run them off so everybody hangs up on the show?
Yeah, rattle them off. Let's see what you got, R.A.
Alright, we got, here we go.
Frost,
ice, powder,
mountaineers, freeze,
mammoth, black
diamonds, blast,
caribou, blizzard,
swarm, hive,
outlaws, yeti, squall, Blizzard, Swarm, Hive, Outlaws, Yeti, Squall, Fury, Glaciers, Canyons, Venom, and HC Hockey Club.
They've already had 29,000 season ticket deposits as of April 25th.
They're going to start next season with 16,200 seats for hockey.
It's going to be renovated to up to 17,500 next couple of years.
So I don't already to prove it right now.
They're having to play the game yet.
What would you pick for your name,
Piz?
Uh,
I don't think any of them stick out to where I'm like,
that's gotta be the name.
But if I had to pick right now,
I'd say the Utah Yeti.
I just liked the mascot and how you could make a cool logo for the
Jersey.
And yeah,
it's all about branding,
right?
I like what, like, you know, despite as much as I hate Bowie,
I think they did a good job with the branding aspect of the mascot.
And I think that a Yeti could be a fun mascot.
What do you guys think?
I mean, I don't know if naming it after weather is the way to go.
I love the outlaws.
That's what I was going to say.
Yeah, I think the outlaws. It's fucking cheesy was going to say. Yeah, I think the Outlaws.
It's fucking cheesy.
You could play into that, market the shit out of that,
call the arena like the saloon or something like that.
Get the fuck out of here.
What kind of saloon they got in Utah?
They go back to Arizona if they just heard that.
The mascot would have a mustache like yours, Biz.
I think I can see it.
This isn't the XFL, guys. That's i'm saying outlaws sounds like a like a minor league
teammate all right that's what uh the guy in the chat saying too clay howard
okay so as of right now they don't have a front runner and that's why i think that waiting is
the right call a lot of people thought like, having it hockey club for the first year is brutal.
It's like,
no,
don't rush into a decision.
And then,
uh,
they're getting the community involved too.
They're having people submit more of these names.
So somebody is going to think of a smart one and a great branding,
um,
a great branding path to take.
So don't rush it.
Chill out.
They just found out they were getting a fucking team.
Not everything has to happen overnight.
No.
No.
I think it's good.
I wouldn't be surprised if they go like swarm or hive.
I thought buzz would have been on there because it's the what's the honeybee state.
I think it's called the honeybee state.
There's a honeycomb on the beehive on the actual state flag.
So I don't know what the connection with bees is. There must be a lot of bees
there. So you're saying they should call them the
I mean, the Sarnia Sting is a fun name.
So you're saying the Utah Sting?
Well, they got Swarm and Hive
for two of them. Like I said, Buzz would have been cool.
But yeah, you know, Sarnia Sting, that's a cool logo.
Like the Georgia Tech, the Yellow Jacket.
I'm not a big fan of insects, but they do make
a pretty cool logo. Not that they call them the Utah Hive.
Give me a fucking brain.
That's what you call the rink.
You do the Utah buzz, like the Utah jazz, and then you call the rink the hive.
Wow.
The buzz and the jazz.
I think Merle's is on to something with the Z's.
Z's.
Okay.
Very nice.
Oh, sorry. Merle, were you going to say something already? I think you just coughed. Okay. Very nice. Oh, sorry.
Rose, were you going to say something already?
I think you just coughed.
Okay.
No, G just sent over a little late-breaking stuff.
My buddy Ty Anderson covers the Bruins here.
He said the Bruins were not provided the view of Bennett Marchand
we all saw last night until last night.
Sweeney does not know why it was held until last night.
Oh, I'm sorry, withheld until last night.
It is definitely strange.
Mashon skated today.
He's dated today.
He will travel to Florida.
But, yeah, this footage thing is kind of strange, man,
to not have it turn up for a couple days.
Definitely seems a little fishy, no, Merle?
Corruption.
So is so fishy.
NHL corruption.
What if Army didn't detect this?
It might have never came out.
It would have just gone on.
It's crazy.
It is wild.
I still can't believe Army was the only frigging guy to see that.
What do you got, Gene?
Pat Maroon also did a little press conference today,
talked to the reporters.
And like you can see there, he's saying that he's trying.
He's trying.
He's doing everything he can to fight,
but he doesn't want to take a stoop penalty.
He hears the fans.
He hears everyone kind of ripping on him for not fighting. But he said he's doing the best he can to fight, but he doesn't want to take a stoop penalty. He hears the fans. He hears everyone kind of ripping on him for not fighting,
but he said he's doing the best he can.
And, I mean, I think the fact that, like,
I don't know whose idea it was to send Pat Maroon out to answer to the media
today, but the guy who's been there for three months, I don't know.
Maybe you send one of the vets out there.
I don't really necessarily think Pat Maroon's probably got it.
Well, that's because there's a bunch of idiot Bruins fans who can't lay off
the sauce who are probably in his fucking DMs,
bitching at the fact that he didn't go over the boy boards and crack Bennett's skull and take a five-minute major because they went after his captain you think Patty was the one that stepped
up and was like hey I want to go talk to the media right now probably because I read the comment for
him good for fucking him yeah good for Bennett for also answering all the questions post-game too
where he didn't fucking hide from the media either.
I agree.
Patty Maroon's done what he can.
And I've been in Patty Maroon's situation as a fourth-line left winger
where most guys are saying, bro, get away from me.
I'm not wasting my time with you.
No offense to Patty.
He's a three-time Stanley Cup champion, and they're saying that to him.
Could you imagine what they were saying to me?
He's playing nine minutes a night.
I was playing three.
I was on the Rempe program.
They were like, buddy, you shouldn't even be in this league.
Get away from me.
I'm going to get a restraining order.
That's the guys on your own team, Biss.
Yeah, exactly.
If you're blaming Pat Maroon right now for the Bruins' struggles,
you're a fucking idiot.
What do you got for us here?
Also, Bennett has, I mean,
he,
he might've broke his hand or finger in the first round.
He's not fighting anybody right now.
So it's a,
if you're going to ask him,
you know, he's not going to be able to fight.
Jovo said that he would draw or he would like drop his one,
but keep the glove on his punching hand.
And he would go,
that's how psycho Bennett is.
That's what Jovo texted me.
Jovo is absolutely insane.
Also, he's, I remember he, remember he he had something on his hand i think he like broke a knuckle and before the fight like took it off
to fight with a broken knuckle was that in arizona yeah oh yeah he's a sick puppy oh old school jovo
was a mean motherfucker actually a lot of the canucks fans are comparing what Zdorov is doing right now to
Jovanoski, especially after he
hum-chuckled Kane into the bench last
night, which
shouldn't have been a penalty either way.
Zdorov's going to get a song like Jovo had.
Get a song?
You rock, Jovo cop. You never heard that song?
It's unreal. You've got to Google it.
Can we pull it up?
You rock, Jovo cop.
We can't pull it what because you
don't have rights to it we don't have rights to the song can't play it oh have you been hearing
all these crazy tunes that uh like vancouver had a brutal one like uh shout our one time for my
boy that's your damn cool have you heard that one the brown guys no uh and then there was a couple
from oilers fans which i actually think that they can't recover from
and why they're losing the series.
That, to me, is where the finger-pointing should go.
Some of these cheesy lyrics that they're sprucing up
for their fucking Oilers and their cup run.
All right, what do you got?
What do you got more for us?
Anything else?
Yeah, the PWHL playoffs started last week.
The professional women's league here in the United States and Canada.
Toronto is up two games to none on Minnesota and the best of five.
And my pals on the Boston squad up to nothing on Montreal.
Hopefully they can wrap it up tomorrow night.
Knock them dead gals.
Merles.
Yeah.
You got any picks for us?
Yeah.
I think I went over the tro check shots.
I got leckening shots over two and a half for both of them.
I got the abs money line and I got the Rangers.
The Rangers are going to get it done.
Rangers money line only minus 110, so I think they get it done.
Their desperation will be there.
But I wanted to ask you guys, I got to book this chicklets there for the finals.
What two cities are we going to go to right now, you think, for the finals?
You're coming off Fort Lauderdale.
I think Dallas and
Florida would be a big
boy series.
I think that if
Hawk and Pod doesn't get healthy, though,
that's going to be a major problem.
Because you look at Florida, they got
those 60. They don't have to rely
on those four or five guys
for big ice. I mean, Shooter's playing
18, but those other guys are playing
what, 23 to 26?
It's a lot.
They include a lot of the Elmerals.
That's where we'll be going.
What were you going to say?
No, I was going to say,
just going back to the PWHL,
did you see the, I think it's
Decker
won the scoring championship or
scoring title after having a kid?
No, Spooner.
I think it was Spooner.
Natalie Spooner.
She had a kid less than a year ago, and she led the league in scoring.
How insane is that?
Good for her.
A couple clicks for Natalie Spooner.
And she's got a great personality on her.
We should get her on the show.
These girls, they chirp more ruthless than the guys.
Oh, yeah.
There's a couple
of them apparently i think what was her um it was uh uh sarah nurse was telling us about it yeah
she told us this one girl who's just ruthless showing shots at ladies just making girls go
back in the locker room and cry we actually had natalie spooner on episode 375 if you want to
check it out.
Oh yeah,
that's right.
Those were early days though.
That was before the,
the PWHL even existed.
So we got to get her back on.
Um,
I don't know.
I don't have much else guys.
I mean,
the chat's buzzing right now.
Should we maybe answer a few questions from the chat?
Yeah.
I wanted to ask one more thing.
Would it,
did you say it was episode four 99?
All right.
Yeah.
Yep.
Episode 500. It was Wednesday, Wednesday. Yeah. thing what did you say was episode 499 all right yeah yep episode 500 it was wow wednesday wednesday
yeah holy shit is right huh wow wearing tuxedos or something for that um no i don't have a t-shirt
on and probably maybe i'll wish i might have come down to boston and record from your house for that
all right somebody goes biz should play in the pwh how i would struggle i'd get my fuck i'd be there's no fighting you wouldn't have a
is there an in-league raya that i could use whatever happened we were talking about it
on friday that three on three league did anything more come of that
no so how about steve dangle posted about it and then
with tracked at a statement i don't think that has a chicken dick's chance of surviving they
already got the three ice going and they can't even they were trying to give away tickets and
nobody was showing up yeah so i don't know man i just i taped my stick the other day hearing two
million bucks to play i know yeah exactly I got my coaching board out.
I was like, I'll do player and coach.
Get 4 million.
So, yeah, noon Wednesday.
Wow, episode 500.
Glad you pointed that out, bro.
So we're going to have to do something special, I think,
because we'll have to cook something up the next couple days.
I don't know what, but maybe just.
Yeah, what.
I mean, who should we get on?
We always said Vegas.
We always said we'd go to Vegas.
So maybe we do a little Vegas party this summer for all Chicklets Nation.
Maybe at the draft or something like a Chicklets 500 party.
Take over the sphere.
Hand out R.A.'s shroom bag and just get fucked up with the fans.
Nice.
I can't wait to check that place out, man.
Well, we appreciate everybody for stopping by.
The chat's been buzzing.
Do you guys want to take a couple questions from the chat before we finish up?
Sure.
Okay.
G, do you want to read off the good ones, or do we just
Come on, Chad.
Not getting a ton of great questions right now.
I'd say a good one would be um do you guys think coach
q ends up back in the nhl coach quenville i do uh his daughter sent out a tweet the other day
basically saying how her how he's been shafted where the only meeting he ever had about it was
after a game and it was for five minutes and he was told that it was being handled and he was like, okay.
And then all of a sudden he can't coach in the NHL.
Some,
I would love to get them on and chat and talk about this.
Obviously he can't talk about maybe some of the details from a legal
perspective,
but if that is all that happened and nothing else,
I think that he does deserve a chance to be reinstated into the
nhl one issue as it sits and i don't know the full story that people do have an issue with
is the fact that he signed off of on a letter of recommendation for the guy who had um um sexually
assaulted chris or kyle beach excuse me i don't know if there's any truth to that
because it's all fucking internet bullshit.
So if they dig into it
and the fact that that is not the truth
and the only part that he had involvement in this
was a meeting after a game
where it was brought upon him
and he wasn't asked for an opinion on it
and they said it was being handled,
I see no reason as to why he can't be reinstated.
But don't take my word as gospel because I don't know the full truth
that happened behind the scenes.
Jens, did you not play for Q when you were in Florida?
Yeah, I had him.
And as a person, as a coach?
Yeah, I mean, great coach, great guy. I don't know anything what happened in chicago obviously um
yeah i don't i don't know no comment here's another chat question we'll we'll liven the
mood up a little yeah way to go way to come in with that little dark there jesus christ
rangers are buzzing right now balls dangle wants, Yans, what is your favorite memory from your time in New York?
Nice.
I like that one.
Probably game seven overtime.
We beat Washington to go to the Eastern Conference Finals.
Derek Stepon going overtime.
That was insane.
I think Witt was at the game.
Witt and a couple of our other buddies, Foles,
a few of the boys came up for that.
It was insane.
The place was absolutely humming.
I got a good question here, and it's from Merles.
Merles, do you think Vangoli, Silvos, however you say his last name,
do you think he's a good pick for Conn Smythe right now?
Wow.
Yeah, I mean, the odds got to be huge on that.
But like we just said, I think Dallas is going to probably get there from the West.
So that's a tough one.
But that would be a good move if you think Vancouver can win.
Instead of betting them to win the Cup, you bet him on the Conn Smythe maybe.
Conn Smythe favorites right now. Wyatt Johnson for Dallas would be mine.
In the East, Trocek would actually be my
front runner from the whole entire playoff so far uh if you had to pick somebody else on the Rangers
obviously Shusterkin I just think that that um Trocek's just kind of done it all and Barkov
Barkov's been sick and then and then probably Barkoff for Florida.
It's crazy.
We're not even halfway through it, though, yet.
I know.
It's going to change so much.
I would pick JT Miller over anybody for Vancouver as far as their MVP.
He's gotten it done in every situation.
Now, who else?
What are the other teams?
Colorado.
Swayman if Boston ever turned it around, obviously.
Eagle is the chalk right now.
Shisterkin plus 600.
I can do one more question here if you guys want.
Jens, you're obviously known for the song.
What is your funniest song story you ever have?
Funniest one?
I don't know.
Or the best one. You can do the best one as well.
Probably the best one you can do the best one as well probably the first one i think i actually i think it was in colorado against uh what was his name it was a cody mcleod yeah redhead kid yeah yeah yeah i was i was in the
video coach's room when you did it yeah and he was just like a hound on the forecheck and i was
able to get him, and
that was probably my favorite one, and it
kind of got it all going.
You guys
been following the World Championships at all?
I just hit an over on that, but
I know Hazy's over there for Team USA.
Yeah, they look good.
They scored a couple.
Pretty stacked rosters, though.
Everybody wants to play in the next one, so.
All right, boys.
Well, great show.
Merles, thanks for coming by.
Yandel, thanks for coming by.
Gee, Biz,
see you guys Wednesday.
I'll knock it out again.
12 o'clock.
Be there.
Enjoy the hockey.
Adios.
Number 500.
500.
Love you, Whit.
Love you, Whit.
Take care Woody You can get liquor cheap
But how much is your love?
They say a drunken speech
Is just so good
I like to poke a bear
I like to stir the pot
But baby come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think she needs a detox To cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something
that crossed the line
and I know she felt it
So I said she could have
a free one on the chain
She went below the bell
She had me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
I think we need a deep talk.
You've been so wrong.
