Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
What up? Hockey is back, and you can be part of the action all season long at DraftKings.com.
It is the destination for Daily Fantasy Hockey.
You can win cash prizes every single time you play.
Who does not love that?
With Daily Fantasy, there are absolutely
no season-long commitments. You don't have to
deal with setting the roster every weekend,
every night. You just spend when you want
and the months micromanaging a roster
you can do on your own.
It's a brand new season every single
day at DraftKings. You can play when you
want with the players you want. Pick McDavid,
pick Crosby, the Studs,
and win the cash that night.
Face off with all
friends and co-workers in a custom
league also. You can build your own league
and play with who you want to so you don't have to be with some
pigeon who's going to talk crap
if they beat you. You can also create
new rivalries with fantasy players from all
over the country and you can turn that
love of hockey that you have into a serious
payday. Who doesn't love that?
DraftKings even offers games that are 100 free to play,
so if you just want to wet your beak with some of the action.
Hurry to DraftKings right now and use the promo code CHICKLETS
to play free for tonight.
That's promo code CHICKLETS to pay for free only at DraftKings.com.
DraftKings.com.
Eligibility restrictions may apply,
and please see the site for details. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 5 of Spittin' Chipmuts on Boxing Sports. What's up? What's right, Ryan, Mikey? Hello, everybody.
Welcome to Episode 5 of Spittin' Chipmunks.
What's up?
Right, Ryan, Mikey, say hello.
What's going on, everyone?
We come to you live from what Twitter is calling the brand new version of America.
Oh, no, America is dying and crying.
We're recording a day earlier.
So dramatic, people.
This fucking traveling man over here, Whitney, is on a plane every other week.
So we're recording Wednesday on the day of the historic election of America.
We're not going to get political here.
We are going to talk briefly about the election.
Trumpet, dude.
It was a stunner.
I always said the best thing to go on.
I told everybody, ignore polls.
Polls are junk.
Polls?
Who gets? I have questions that you might know.
What are... How do you get
polled? Who the fuck gets polled?
Credibility lower than Nate Silver right now.
The guy who used to be on the New York Times,
then he was on ESPN there. He was the one
that, you know, right in fucking... Clinton's
gonna win, blah, blah, blah. Polls are just...
Dude, I heard people just get called, like,
on their landline. I don't have a landline. Do people
still have landlines?
Is that how you get polled? I think
that I think there's probably computer polling.
I honestly never been polled. I don't know.
They obviously didn't poll people who
you know who voted yesterday
but like the polls are wrong but I went by the
gambling odds. Now the gambling odds are usually a pretty good
indicator. I could have made
you know what I said last night. he was plus 450 the other day.
Well, what about like three months ago?
I think it was way higher.
Plus 900 at one point?
You could have definitely got a huge break.
Why didn't I ever just like, what a fucking idiot I am?
Because you didn't think he was going to win.
I'll bet on like the spurs against the Warriors.
Because you didn't think the guy who fired Gary Busey on NBC TV two years ago was going to be the next president. I know.
That's why. I mean, no one
did. I didn't. I just
didn't think it was going to happen. I was watching last
night, just kind of like, you know, being an American,
I'm not a political person at all,
but I was watching just for the entertainment.
I mean, like, oh, yeah, she's going to win.
And I remember, I'm
like, what does that mean?
He's winning. I kept being like, why is he up in every vote? He was never losing from the time they started the remember like I'm like, what does that mean? He's winning. I kept being like, why is he's up in every vote.
He was never losing from the time they started.
I'm like, yeah, this normal.
And people like, oh, no, she's still got it.
And then finally, like you see people on TV.
And then I click over to CNN.
I'd go back to Fox News just to get both.
It was like a funeral.
It really was like crying.
And it's the opposite of when Obama was first elected.
I mean, you know, that was like, you know, the news was very celebratory.
And, you know, a lot of people were as well.
But, you know, the people who felt that way, it was the exact opposite last night.
It was just, you know, like we said before, show it's easy for us.
I mean, you know, we are, you know, we are white guys.
So we, you know, we don't have the effects.
Yeah.
The three of us, we don't hear, you know, when things get said, we don't feel the effects of it the way other people do.
So we're saying that with that caveat here.
But yeah, I think people are being a little too dramatic.
I mean, the president, you know, I mean, people did this on the opposite end, too, when Obama won.
People are like, oh, it's the end of our country.
They said the same thing eight years ago.
It's always the end of the world.
But do
those people who said they have to move to Canada
they're leaving, right?
Can we get that in writing?
Let me say, if you come out
if you come out
no shit.
Before we get to the hockey, we'll get to the hockey quick.
But if you say
that you're going to move to Canada
if someone wins you have to fucking go.
You have to go.
You are a joke forever now if you stay.
How funny is it that Canada's immigration state fucking crashed last night because everybody got to it?
I mean, yeah.
People, I think, you know, again, I think people are being a little traumatic on that end.
I mean, the country is still going to be fine.
And like I just said, dude, you're talking about a guy who's just elected president,
who was a fucking registered Democrat, what, five years ago, a few years ago?
He's not a true, like, Republican.
He's not a true conservative.
You know, it's not like, I mean, I know the Republicans, it looks like a full-court press on,
but it is worth remembering.
His son looked like he needed a big bag of wolf.
Dude, Barron needed some of Donald's debate stash.
Oh, the kid, like, it was three in the morning.
I can't picture it.
Why'd they put him on stage?
He looked like a booger eating.
I know.
Throw that kid a Pepsi or something.
I mean, for Christ's sake.
No, but he does need at least a Mountain Dew and some Doritos.
Sounds great right now.
But my thing with everything, my thing with all of that was,
the entire election was that, you know, you can hate one guy,
you can love her, whatever, but in the end, like,
they're the president now.
Yeah.
That's our fucking leader.
So, like, you know, if you didn't want Obama,
like, when Obama was elected, you still got to get behind him.
It's your country.
So those people, like... America spoke, man.
Yeah, exactly.
But better or worse, the voting happened.
But have some pride for your country.
Get the fuck out.
Leave.
I mean, I don't know.
That was my whole thing.
Just, like, once it happened, like,
you got to back him now. That's a wicked... I didn't get my way. I'm going to stand on my feet That was my whole thing. Just like once it happened. Yeah, that's a wicked. You got to back him now.
That's a wicked.
I didn't get my way.
I'm going to stamp my feet and take my ball and go home.
It's like, I mean, you know, like, you know, we don't always get the result we want.
That was my one thought.
Like, I don't know.
I mean, obviously, maybe it'll change in a couple months and people are just heated right now.
But, fuck, have some pride.
Nah, I think there's going to be a lot of animosity.
I mean, fortunately, a lot of it seems to be on social media or not in real life.
And that's fine because you can walk away from social media.
I know most people can't and don't and won't, but you can shut your phone off or turn your laptop off and walk away from it.
I don't think that, I mean, unless you go to a rally or you're going to somewhere where the people are going to be.
People have, I mean, I don't know, as far as the tenor of walking around with general people, that doesn't change.
I mean, it's mostly online vitriol.
And again, that's something like my father.
That world doesn't exist to him because he's not there.
So you know what I mean?
Oh, your dad's not on Instagram?
Yeah, right.
Yeah, he's taking pictures out in Vegas right now.
No, actually, he just got on the internet when they sold the family house.
I'm going to get sad now.
They sold the family house.
He moved in with the old lady, and she has the internet. So he has internet. when he they sold the family house so i'm gonna get sad now they sold the family house he moved
he moved in with the old lady and uh she has the internet so he's finally so he has internet so he
finally started reading my blogs before no he's 72 years old dude he's a fucking old irish guy
from charlestown stubbing his shit you know like i know he literally had a rotary phone to like
fucking until like 10 years ago yeah i love it at age you know it's like the internet i mean he
hasn't been behind a typewriter since he was at fucking boston english about 40 50 years ago. Yeah. I love it. At that age, you know, it's like the internet. I mean, he hasn't been behind a typewriter since he was at fucking Boston English
about 40,
50 years ago.
So,
so anyways,
yeah,
you know,
it's,
it's a historic day.
We're just acknowledging
on a historical level.
It was,
it was a stunning upset.
Alec Baldwin has a job
for four years now
for Saturday Night Live.
Yeah,
yeah.
Does it great.
Although he said he might move to Canada.
I mean,
I think it's also,
you know,
like how shitty of a campaign
you did your run that you couldn't, you couldn't beat a reality TV guy. You know, I mean, that's what I might move to Canada. I mean, I think it's also, you know, like how shitty of a campaign did you run that you couldn't beat a reality TV star?
That's what I was going to say.
That's my one takeaway from this.
It was like the F of the taking.
It's like, how are you fucking this up, lady?
Yeah, she's a bitch.
Hillary Clinton sucks.
She sucks that bad.
She sucks so bad, exactly.
I mean, that's more than anything.
But in the end, like, you got to speak when you lose. She got to come out and say something. That's more than anything. But in the end, you've got to speak when you lose.
She's got to come out and say something.
That's embarrassing.
That's embarrassing, Rear.
That was cowardish.
I'm only saying, when I fell asleep, the thing hadn't hit 470 yet.
I mean, no one's going to concede before it hits 470.
No, once you get 270.
Okay, so she hadn't spoken before.
Did it go over 470? No, it went over 270, and then she still didn't speak. But, okay, see, I went to a show. She hadn't spoken before. Did it go over 470?
No, it went over 270, and then she still didn't speak.
Yeah, that's kind of weak.
I mean, if you call the guy to concede, at least fucking go and talk to him.
At least the people in the hall.
Yeah, that is weak.
Like I said, we're doing an early recording today.
I'm still trying to catch up on hockey from last night.
Well, you did have some hockey last night.
Yeah, we did.
We did.
So, anyways, yeah, we're acknowledging the history of the election,
and we're moving on to more important matters.
Crosby versus McDavid for the first time last night.
Pittsburgh.
So you probably, I actually had like the computer, the two TV.
I had it all going last night.
So I somehow managed to watch the election shit, the Bruins, and this game.
Did you have Bob Dostal's Network on with President Riggs?
I did have that on.
That was some good entertainment right there.
A little different than the real news.
It was certainly a lot more entertaining than what we got on regular TV.
That's for sure.
Those idiots were wrong for the last fucking two years.
So, yeah, it was head-to-head.
McDavid crossed me for the first time because of McDavid.
McDavid came out.
The first period he had was a joke.
I think Crosby was even like, holy shit, what is going on?
This kid, he had two assists.
He could have had like four.
He ended up with three points, probably could have had seven.
And Crosby ended up coming back and kind of dominating a little bit
in the second and third.
And the Penguins came back to win.
But McDavid just lined them up.
They lined up Mike Sullivan, which I love.
You get the away team's rosters first.
So you see where they're starting.
So he's got McDavid.
He goes Crosby right at him.
So you know they're going to be matched up.
And at one point, McDavid was plus three with three points.
And Sid was minus three.
So it was crazy to actually see the domination.
Who was this Corsi, man?
I don't know much about
advanced stats. Come on, man!
Fucking Fenwick, man!
Those advanced stats
I can kind of go with, but don't
get in my face about them. That's my only thing.
Don't get in my face. Because they do mean something.
Yeah, exactly. I'm not
fucking saying they don't mean anything. But you can be minus three and have mean something. Yeah, exactly. I'm not fucking saying they don't mean anything.
But you can be minus three and have good numbers.
Right, exactly.
It's the whole end-all, be-all mentality that people have.
And I'm not like, you know, all of a sudden plus minus doesn't mean anything.
I don't buy that.
I think it can be flawed, like any stat.
Like any stat can be flawed.
But this whole thing, like it's the end-all, be-all.
You don't want to trade for that guy.
His possession numbers suck. It's like, well, there's a lot more to that i think they're they're an
addition there's something you use but to have it be the decisive factor like on a player which is
what i see on twitter like a lot now it's like get out of here man you gotta you gotta watch
did you see tortorella when he what he said about it no i don't it's something like i don't go by or i don't even know what the fenwick and the
course he is yeah yeah i mean like i that's why i kind of want to like him now because he hates him
so i don't want to do whatever fucking that he agrees with but in the end like the fact that
he's calling it the course he knows it shows that not all coaches are involved in it yeah well he's
just being coy like belichick and pretend that he you, like Belichick says my face and all that shit.
But, yeah, it's not an end-all, be-all.
And I hate when people are like, well, this guy, of course he sucks,
so he sucks.
It's like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
That's such a like, you know, it's like, no, it's one aspect of.
Well, those people are people who, those people who say that are people
who are like, it doesn't matter if you're a good locker room guy.
Like, they don't even like see the other aspects of a hockey player.
Like, they just look at straight numbers like baseball, pitchers,
and they don't see, oh, he brings something to the penalty kill.
He brings this to the locker room, which is true.
And they don't even want to see that, those people who only go on those numbers.
Not to mention, don't people realize that not every player
can be more than 50 mathematically?
Somebody has to come out.
I mean, it's not possible for every player in the league
to be 50 or higher.
I actually have...
We should probably be a little more prepared.
I don't know.
Mikey, can you maybe get on...
Is McDavid an unbelievable possession numbers guy?
Would you even know where to look for that, dude?
Yeah.
All right, I respect that.
So I don't even know.
I'm assuming McDavid's possession numbers
are unreal with Crosby, but...
The Oilers, they're... For real, dude, I'm starting McDavid's possession numbers are unreal with Crosby, but the Oilers, they're for real, dude, I'm starting to think.
They're not necessarily for real going to win the Cup,
but they're not really going away.
No.
And I thought that start was not going to really kind of show
what their entire season would be like.
They're competitive with the best teams right now.
I mean, it's right now.
I mean, I think if you were to say...
They're leading their division, right?
I think right now we could say if Edmonton doesn't make the playoffs this year,
it will be a surprise at this stage of the game.
Yeah, what are we?
So we're one-sixth of the way through the season,
and they have a five-point lead on the division?
If they don't make the playoffs, yeah, I would be very surprised.
Tied for the conference with Chicago as well with one more game play.
Who heated up quickly.
Yeah, they did.
Yeah, you knew that was happening.
You know, I mean, they just, you know, come out a little slow.
That game, though, I just don't want to forget.
McDavid had a couple plays where he got the puck.
Defense had good gap.
Chris Letang, Brian Dumoulin, the shutdown pair for the cup champs, right?
Right.
He's blowing by these guys.
They're not even, like, flat-footed.
They have complete speed, and it's like they're looking at him going by and trying to turn,
and he's giving Pat Maroon a tap-in.
So it's just the domination that he showed against the best team in the league.
So Corsi.
Mikey just handed me the numbers here.
Possession metrics from Hockey Reference.
All right, so Corsi.
Yeah.
All right, so yeah.
So he's a
52.6. I mean,
anything more than 50 is
good. And then, you know, Bergeron and like
Marchand, they're like ridiculously high.
Bergeron's the ultimate. I remember a guy telling me
in Toronto, Jeff Merrick, that Bergeron is the ultimate
like number. He's the perfect numbers
player. And he's perfect
player on the ice. So that's the one guy you're like,
all right, it makes sense that he's that good. some of them i don't even understand like i'll read them
in it and it just like gets just starts to feel like algebra at a point like you know this numbers
represent you know shots on versus this i just know mine was so bad and i and i would always
get shit for it so i just was like fuck what the fuck is this course i started having to read up
on it like oh shit mine is really bad. So that kind of,
that kind of got me into the world basically from people tweeting at me how
awful my like Fenwick was or whatever the fuck it's called.
I'm one of the younger generation writers.
Yeah,
you are Mike.
That doesn't pay attention to that at all.
I mean,
I use my eyes.
I,
I,
I just,
yeah,
the eye test is where,
I mean,
you go to,
you go to a hockey game,
right?
And you see like a guy can have a fucking great game.
And you can go on there and the numbers suck.
Exactly.
Right, exactly.
Or you can say, like, that line dominated and the numbers will just kind of confirm.
Exactly.
Like, oh, no shit.
And, yeah, a guy can have a shit possession game and score three goals.
You know who the number one or one of the top defensemen in the league
in terms of possession numbers and driving the players?
And his numbers would show that he's a very, very good NHL defenseman.
Radko Gudis.
Yeah, he's...
And all you hear about is his suspensions and shit.
But if you go on those numbers, he can play too.
But it's shocking to me because I always think of him as like a slower foot defenseman
who's chipping the puck off the wall and getting it out.
There's still a spot for guys like that in the league, I think.
Not every defenseman can be a
You just want to ruin your knee and crush your skull.
Yeah, that shit's no good.
But there are guys like that.
There is a spot for guys like that in the league.
Not every guy can be a puck-rushing defenseman going up and down the ice.
You need defensive defensemen who stay at home.
You're Al Peterson types.
How's that name grab you by the cojones?
So, you know, you need guys, defensive defensemen types
who are going to thump you when you're on it
and have you think twice about venturing to the front of the net
and shit like that.
So I'm a big fan of the defensive defensemen.
Every guy can't rush the puck.
That's why McQuaid is not a perfect player, but I like what he does.
I know he can take some questionable penalties.
But sometimes I'm all right with a guy getting punched in the face for two minutes.
I'm a big fan.
Just to let you know, his team won't be fucked with.
I'm fine with that sometimes.
Big fan of Adam McQuaid.
That guy's a hard-nosed defenseman.
Speaking of punched in the face, did you see Wayne Simmons last night?
Wayne train.. Wayne train.
The Wayne train.
Mixed it up.
Well, and that Jonathan Erickson,
whose nickname is the Greek God in the Detroit locker room
because he's so goddamn good looking and fucking jacked.
Not today.
He's pretty tough, though.
People don't really realize that guy can chuck him.
Because we don't see too many fights anymore.
No, I know.
I don't think we know how many.
But squaring off with Simmons, that's a mistake.
That guy, he's a complete lunatic.
He looks like he's just loving it.
He wants to fight.
What the fuck wants to fight?
He comes in like he's going to go right.
And then he switches up.
Boom.
He was lined up.
He's just watching to touch himself.
I mean, that was like just quick switch up.
Boom. I mean, that's line up as a righty. I mean, that was like, just quick switch up, boom.
I mean, that's line up as a righty and then just dummy you with a left. Wow, dude, that was one of the more impressive fucking knockouts we'll see this year.
He's got to be one of the top forwards.
I'm saying in regards to, as a former player, if you could not fight like three guys, who would it be?
Chara, Luchich.
like three guys who would it be chara lu chich i mean he wouldn't be one of them because only because he's not like 235 pounds yeah you know right so like but i mean he's just an animal he's
a complete lunatic out on the ice so it's like he's he's got that kind of intimidation factor
a little bit where he's like looking like he really wants to fight and you're like oh shit
what's three guys you know i wouldn't want to fight i mean char's number one he always will be
fucking um pro brit dude i'm playing now playing now playing now pass bro playing now my bad
all right no i wasn't saying i'm picking all right it's a little slow today you know i was
up late watching results come in uh Today, yeah, Chara pretty much
fucking Luchich
is everything. I mean, he's got to be the toughest guy in the league.
Probably Wayne Train. Chara's
the toughest guy in the league. Sean Thornton? Chara's the toughest guy
in the league. Thornton's still tough. Thornton just knows
how to fight. He hasn't been playing
too much lately, but yeah, big friend of the show
Thornton. He's another guy. I mean, you
could probably name 10 guys with all the right
answers, you know. You haven't had him on yet, but he's a big friend of the show. Yeah, he's a beauty i mean you could probably need 10 guys right answers you know you
haven't had him on yet but he's a big friend of the show yeah he's a beauty yeah sean is a beauty
um yeah it's it's good like obviously you know that's the type of fight is based on emotion
spur of the moment not one of those like you were talking about uh uh pre uh fucking pre-planned
thing where guys are fighting for the sake of those ridiculous these are the fights though
that are awesome yeah every hockey fan loves these fights.
Two good players chucking them.
Nothing beats when two good players chuck them.
The best of all time was Aguila and Lecavier in the cup finals.
Yeah.
Two superstars at the time chucking them in the cup finals.
That's a hockey fight.
Game seven right off the bat, right?
Game seven of the O4 Cup.
It wasn't game seven.
It wasn't game seven?
No.
They wouldn't have fought in game 7.
It was earlier in the series in Tampa, so game 1
or 2. Yeah, that was unbelievable.
I think they were both the captains
at the time. Just, yeah, like, okay, this is
what we're going to do. This is how we're going to
do this. Pretty good stuff.
There's still some sneaky, really tough guys out
in the league. You just don't see them really fight as often
anymore. Yeah, well, it's obviously
becoming... A couple guys in Winnipeg.
Oh! Winnipeg.
That was a nice little segue.
I didn't even mean to do it. Laine.
Patrick Laine with hat trick on...
Three hat tricks in his first
14 games in the league.
What's he got? Are you shitting me?
I saw the list last night. It was
11 goals in his first 14 games.
Did you see who the name was?
One of the names on the list, Dimitri Kovac-Hallmhoff.
Yes, I remember that guy.
A little righty for the Bruins.
Yeah, yeah.
That name jumped out at you.
But there was another name I don't think I heard since then, too.
But, yeah, this kid's obviously not a flash in the pan, though.
He's just like we say every week on there, the dynamic goal scorer.
They got a bright future in Winnipeg.
Yeah.
They just locked up Trouba for two more years, too.
Oh, yeah.
Grinnells.
Trouba.
What'd I say?
What'd I say?
He'd be playing.
Yeah, no, you did.
Absolutely.
He couldn't not.
I mean, a two-year bridge deal, 3.3.
Yeah, the money's very cheap.
I don't think they have a people right away.
Oh, that's a sign in trade.
They got him signed.
I don't think they're trading.
No, they made it clear. He's like, no, I don't think they're trading him. No, they made it clear.
He's like, no, I don't want to be traded.
I mean, I took my stand.
And, well, it's like you obviously caved in.
So, I mean, how much of a stand was it?
Yeah, but, I mean, he's going to say at this point that.
Yeah, he's still going to.
Excuse me, behind closed doors, he's finally saying, you know,
he's actually like, no, please trade me now that I signed.
But, I mean, he's going to come out and be like, no, I'm good.
I'm good to be here.
But I don't think they, at this point, now that you got him cheap,
you got three great right D, and they got a team that's up and coming.
I don't see why he'd really want to be traded that bad.
But everyone was like, oh, he's gone now.
I don't think that's for sure at all.
No, I don't think he's going anywhere, especially at that price.
I mean, you were thinking when he's going to get signed for much more than that.
So you're like, oh, you're not going to pay a third pair right here
and shot that kind of money.
But 3.3 is a little different than, say, I don't know, 5 to 6 million
if someone gave him an offer somewhere else.
But that never transpired because it never does.
It never does.
Never, ever does.
Actually, last week, Mikey, I'm not sure we pulled the name
from last week's All Right Hamilton segment for week two with a t-shirt.
I think we got that written down.
Mr. Sullivan, I still have yours.
I got back from Florida over the weekend.
I haven't been in the mailbox yet.
I got your radios.
We'll get it out to you.
There's 7,000 of them in our apartment.
Yeah, seriously.
We can honestly, like, if America survives the next 20 years, we have a t-shirt every week.
We use it as paper towels in here.
Yeah, exactly.
There's plenty of them.
So our next segment, All Right, Hamilton, is brought to you by BetDSI.com.
Sports lovers, are you ready to get into some real action out there in the gaming community?
Me and Ryan and Mikey always like to play a few games, and when we do, we use BetDSI.com.
They've been in the business for over 20 years.
Highly thought of, well rated,
very safe. We all play there. We all
use the service. Everybody else should.
BetDSI is
great special. Sign up today and get
10 free to try this service.
BetDSI is
also offering 100 bonus on
your first deposit.
They have fantastic customer service.
If you haven't used the site yet. Fast,
easy payment of winnings, no issues there
like there are with some other places and other
sites. Tons
of stuff to bet on. That's one thing about BetDSI
we really like is the opportunities
they give you that Vegas frankly
doesn't. You know, puck lines,
UFC, the last election
if you jumped on the Trump train, you made yourself
some serious cabbage because he was a big, big, big money flying underdog., if you jumped on the Trump train, you made yourself some serious cabbage because he was a big, big, big money-flying underdog.
So if you jumped on the Trump train, you might have made some money here as well.
BetDSI even has live in-game wagering on all football, basketball, hockey, and when it returns, baseball.
You can bet on pretty much anything at BetDSI.
Again, a great site.
Our whole crew uses it. We want you to use it. So go at BetDSI. Again, a great site. Our whole crew uses it.
We want you to use it.
So go to BetDSI.com now.
Again, that's BetDSI.com.
Go there and use promotion code SPIT10.
Again, that promotion code is SPIT10.
Get your free wager and start winning today.
That's BetDSI.com.
Mikey, you've got some questions to fire away on us.
Yeah, there's a couple good ones.
I'm going to start off with Charlie Conway.
From the docks.
Had to do it.
Had to do it.
Local kid, too.
He asked about Jack Eichel.
So he says, stool chicklets.
Does Eichel have similar ceiling for star potential as McDavid or as Matthews is labeled?
Hashtag, all right, Hamilton. All right, Hamilton. Yes. I don't think at McDavid or as Matthews is labeled. Hashtag. All right, Hamilton.
All right,
Hamilton.
Yes.
I don't think at McDavid's level,
I think McDavid is above and beyond everyone else.
Yeah.
I think it's McDavid.
And then you go to Matthews,
Eichel,
Laine,
you know,
Johnny Goudreau's really struggled to start this year,
but he's had the young gun up there.
Nathan McKinnon, you go to those, but Matthews is in his own level.
And Ovechkin and Crosby were kind of together,
but there's nobody else with Matthews, I don't think.
I mean, you've got McDavid ahead of Matthews.
I mean, where do you have McDavid?
McDavid, I'm saying.
McDavid, I'm sorry.
McDavid is the top dog.
So Matthews is code for McDavid then.
Yeah, I was completely fucking up my M's because I was up taking it,
you know, watching the election come in too.
I was watching that history be made.
Pass him over that Starbucks.
So McDavid, we can fix that, Mikey.
Yeah, yeah.
McDavid is the top dog and nobody else is near him.
Okay, that sounds.
You got me?
Yeah, that sounds more accurate.
And Matthews is right.
I agree.
Matthews is right below him. And then, yeah, Eich more accurate. And Matthews is right. I agree.
Matthews is right below him.
And then, yeah, Eichel's not up there with those two.
I mean, he's obviously a talented player.
I think he's a 40-goal guy.
Yeah, I don't think he's up there with those two.
I mean, he's certainly an all-star capable. I think he probably will score 35 points.
Wait, so you don't think he's up with Matthews?
I'm not sure.
I do.
I don't know. I do. I don't know.
But you know what?
I'm saying right now.
It sucks because he's hurt and you're seeing what Matthews can do.
And I don't know that, you know, Eichel played last year.
He did have a good impact with Buffalo.
I don't know if it was as big as what we've seen with Matthews
has had with Toronto right now.
Well, yeah, but I mean, Matthews has had one point in his last seven games
in Toronto.
So it's starting.
And that's what Eichel went through.
Just some stretches where the NHL is so tough night in, night out.
And you're playing against the best D.
I still think that Eichel, though, it's tough because you're not seeing him.
Right, it is tough.
But, I mean, it was playing at the national program,
and then Eichel went to BU.
Matthews was still at the national program.
They played each other.
I mean, Eichel had games when he was dominating him.
So I think that he's still right there in terms of future superstars,
40, 50 goals, 80, 90 points.
So in terms of star potential, I'm on that.
Yeah.
I just think he's going to be good.
I just think the other two are better.
That's all.
Fair enough.
Not knocking the local guy.
Fair enough.
Eichel has that kind of psycho mentality, too. He has that. That psycho shit. Not knocking the local guy. Fair enough. Michael has that kind of psycho mentality, too.
He has that.
That psycho shit.
That.
He's a local kid.
He gets it.
He's a local kid.
He's a local.
We're all psychos here.
No, he gets it.
He's competitive.
He's very competitive.
He's competitive, and he's got that streak where he gets pissed off.
I'm handicapped.
I'm psychotic.
Don't know that one.
Next question.
All right.
So Big Vin 16 asked, Stool Chick right, so BigVin16 asked,
StoolChicklets, do you think the Sharks, regardless of their slow start,
still have a good chance of winning the West again?
Hashtag, all right, Hamilton.
All right, Hamilton.
Yeah, I think they're not too far.
I mean, where the hell are we?
Let's take a quick look.
San Jose.
Ah, shit.
They have a five-point pack of Edmonton with a game in hand.
Yeah, absolutely they could win that division.
I think they're the favorites to win that.
There's still so much hockey to be played.
And, you know, like Edmonton has had a great start.
I mean, I think like all teams, they're going to falter at some point.
I mean, they, you know, they lost a couple games.
Well, actually, they're still 6-3 and won in their last 10.
But, yeah, San Jose absolutely has a great show.
It wouldn't surprise me in the least if they walked away with that division.
You know, they went to the Cup last year.
Martin Jones shot out Washington in Washington last night.
Yeah, did you see that?
He's the real deal.
Did you see Ovechkin bury Thornton?
And then his bearded buddy Burns came over and buried Ovechkin.
So it was a little bit of a...
A little beard buddy.
Yeah, fucking, you know, don't fuck with my beard, man.
But they were walking around Pittsburgh when they played.
Thornton had his shirt off walking downtown.
Did you see that?
Him and Burns were just walking around downtown Pittsburgh,
and Joe had no shirt on.
What did they think?
Mike Napoli?
It wasn't even a night.
They were just having a nice little afternoon for themselves.
But Sharks, yes.
I would actually be surprised if they don't win that division.
L.A. sucks only.
The chances for them winning suck only because of Quick being out for so long.
Anaheim's going to end up turning it on, too.
But San Jose's a really good team.
They haven't changed much from last year.
So, yeah, I'm on their side.
Yeah, definitely got a shot at it.
What do we got next?
Who said that?
Vin Beesle?
Yeah, I think Vin.
I don't know.
I moved on from it.
I respect that.
Ryan Delaney 013 asked, Stool Chicklets, what do you think about Kadri being an enforcer?
Is it what the Leafs need?
What?
Or is it just being trouble?
All right, Hamilton.
Wow.
They got some smoking some bud up in bud country.
Jesus.
It's legal in Massachusetts now.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, yeah.
That's another thing.
We'll get to that after.
Yeah.
And there's Kadri as an enforcer.
I'm honestly shocked.
Mikey Grinnell, you actually read that question
seriously.
He's dropped the mitts
a couple times this season.
Okay, but dude,
he didn't...
I love you, Mikey.
Being pissed off because...
It's funny that he got brought up
because we didn't discuss
that hit on Henrik Sedin.
It might have been
Daniel Sedin, honestly.
I still can't tell.
I just know it's 22 and 33
and I got embarrassed
by both of them
so their first names
don't matter.
That hit was not a dirty hit.
No, it wasn't at all.
But it was a scumbag hit, if you understand what I'm saying.
No, I do.
It was a hit you don't have to make, and he didn't get him in the head.
He just caught him pretty bad.
In technical terms, it was a great hit.
Right, right.
Body to body.
Yeah, exactly.
As a guy's getting a chance, boom, great hit.
You're up 5-2.
The guy's played 18 years, doesn't touch anyone.
Show a little respect.
Now, people will tell me,
you don't show fucking respect in hockey.
It's a game of passion and fighting
and fucking sticking the opponent.
Like, shut up.
The guy is like, this guy is a veteran.
Daniel Sedin, Henrik Sedin.
That was a bullshit hit.
That was weak.
I mean, I don't like being cool.
I'm not the biggest man.
It was right.
No, he shouldn't have been suspended.
But that's, I agree with you.
They're pretty docile veterans.
They're guys who, you know, I mean, I don't know.
They just play the way they play.
They're not physical guys.
And to bury a guy like that, I understand, you know, why mean, I don't know. They just play the way they play. They're not physical guys. And to bury a guy like that, I understand, you know,
why their teammates would get pissed off.
But Kadri, once he shut down McDavid that night in Toronto,
he's kind of like the Toronto media.
It's growing.
It's building.
He's now the new, like, shut down pest that can score.
And if you look at it, he is a player.
He can play.
He's got good numbers.
He does have that Pest role, but I think he's starting to hear it.
Now he's being the scumbag and he's being dirtier.
And the hit on Sadin was just like him listening to how that night of him
shutting down McDavid just kind of propelled all this to start.
Yeah, and he's always got drama going on in Toronto, too.
I mean, they gave him the scratch for a couple games last year, which
for my money, is what the Bruins should have did
with Sig, and here, embarrassed him instead of just
trading him, but whatever. We beat that drum.
Oh, yeah, that was a good trade. Sick trade.
Go ahead, Mikey.
Alright, so we got Captain Shibby
says, Stool Chicklets,
do you think NHL players will play in the
2018 Olympics? If they
don't, does Ovechkin leave the NHL?
Hashtag, all right, Hamilton.
All right, Hamilton.
2018 Olympics.
I feel like we just.
In like Pyeongwang Chang.
Oh, yeah.
North Korea.
Korea, yeah.
Well, not North Korea.
No.
Yeah.
Let me see.
I don't know, man.
That's a.
They weren't too successful in Japan.
Well, especially if a certain hotel room furniture that wasn't know, man. They weren't too successful in Japan, especially if a certain hotel room furniture wasn't very successful either,
if you were in certain American players' rooms.
I don't know.
The Americans in Japan, I should say the Hockey Olympics in Japan,
weren't too good.
The ratings weren't great.
It was a disaster for the American team.
The problem is that it's on so late.
Well, that's what I'm getting at.
Japan, Korea are next door to each other.
I don't know.
I don't know that the Players Association will be completely receptive to it
if they want to shut down the league for it.
The owners don't want them to go.
No, the owners don't want it because they're paying all these guys money.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, at this point, if it happens, sure.
I want it to happen.
I mean, if it doesn't, I mean, you know, I don't know.
I guess, I don't know. At this point, it's like this it doesn't, I mean, you know, I don't know. I guess, I don't know.
At this point, it's like this between the World Cup, well, you know,
and the Olympic, it just seems like there's always a tournament going on.
And if we missed an Olympics in Korea, I wouldn't cry.
Yeah, my thing is that I think that if it was there,
you'd be fired up once it started.
Oh, absolutely.
So that's kind of what I look at.
Yeah, I guess just like right now, we just had the World Cup,
and we just had it in Olympics.
I know it wasn't the Winter ones.
It's just kind of like I guess I just can't get too horny for hockey in the Olympics.
The players want it because, one, you get to go to the Olympics.
When I was there, you play.
It's unbelievable.
First, we were in Vancouver, so it's a little different.
But you play.
You have like four days to your next game.
You go out and have an absolute night, the whole team.
Then you have fun practices.
It's so great for the guys playing.
And then the guys who aren't playing, they get like 12 days off.
Everyone goes to Hawaii, goes down to Cabo.
Like players, it's an absolute dream scenario.
But the owners are going to be the ones who decide.
But your point about Ovi, he's been saying for like seven years
that he's going to that Olympics.
He's going to be like one of these people saying they're going to move to Canada.
He has to go to the Olympics now.
And I think he will because what's Washington going to do?
All right.
All right.
Well, you're suspended.
We won't pay you.
All right.
I don't give a fuck.
What are you going to not take me back when I'm done?
We'd love to have you back.
If he ends up deciding to go, what are they going to do?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's like, look at, I mean,
Datsuk, if your guy wants to go home,
No, but that's different.
I mean, if a guy wants to leave,
No, but I'm talking about leaving while your team's
still playing.
I really think that he's going to end
up doing it the way he's been talking, and they're
going to have to just eat it.
What, you mean like while they're at the Olympics?
No, no, if they don't go
to the Olympics, he says he's going.
So Washington will be playing games.
You picking this up?
Oh, I get it.
Okay, I get it.
I see.
So in other words, Russia will still have a team there.
Yeah.
So, okay, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he might not be the only one, though.
You know, I mean, you know.
I didn't realize that was a thing.
There's so many little stories you can keep track of.
I didn't even realize that was one.
Yeah, no, he's been saying that forever, though.
And people are like, now as it's getting closer, like, all right, well, let's see.
It'll be like Lena Dunham.
Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs, I know, is pretty adamant that he did not want players going.
Yeah, owners hate it because they have a chance of losing a guy for
I mean, you can't blame them.
No, no, I actually don't blame them at all.
You know, insurance is
I don't blame them at all.
You can do insurance all you want, but if you're still losing one of your top mean, you can't blame him. No, I actually don't blame him at all. You can do insurance all you want, but
if you're still losing one of your top players...
And the grow the game argument that
the Players Association, everyone will say, the
owners are going to say, well, it's in South Korea.
And not to mention, I mean,
how long are you going to have that argument?
I don't know. Maybe never. Maybe you
never stop that argument. Why would you?
They've grown the game in the continent pretty well
as we've seen with the Southern and the Sunbelt teams.
But, you know, internationally, obviously Europe is fine.
But, I mean, where are they talking?
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know if growing the games is going to be a big issue.
All right, we'll do one more.
I'll write Hamilton here.
All right, Clock55S, Stool Chicklets,
what's the problem with the Islanders right now,
coaching or lack of veteran leadership?
I never know shit about the Islanders.
It's kind of bad.
All I know is I love watching Tavares,
but that team just,
they were kind of on the up and up
in the last couple of years
and they've looked so flat.
Franz Nielsen, Franz Nielsen, I guess,
Hans and Franz,
that guy's legit.
They miss him.
They didn't want to pay him.
Detroit gave him the money.
And with Ocposo, too, being gone, it's like two pretty legit forwards.
Yeah, that's a couple big posts in the lineup.
They're goaltending.
They have three goalies, and they rotate the goalies.
And you see Alan Walsh, who represents one of the goalies,
he even goes to Twitter for Halak.
You cannot have a three-goalie system.
Guys aren't practicing enough.
You can't get in a rhythm.
You know, you play one every six games.
So maybe that has something to do with it.
But a team that teams, they look they look confused out there right now.
So you hear that beeping outside?
Yeah, that just dragged me.
It was a beep.
I was thinking where my car is getting robbed.
I'm like, where's my car for a minute?
Yeah, the island is not a fan of spitting chocolates. What ails them right car? My car's getting robbed. I'm like, where's my car for a minute? Yeah, the Islanders.
Not a fan of spitting checklets.
What ails them right now?
That's a good question.
I don't know if Halak's the guy that's going to get them to the promised land.
No.
He's a guy who shows signs of brilliance, and then he kind of falters when they need him the most.
I do hear a lot of grumbling about Jack Capuano.
I don't know if the coach is the problem.
I mean, the players seem to like him.
The guy who looks like he should be like working
at an Italian pizza shop in Brooklyn.
He definitely looks like he should be in front of a tea shop in the north end or something
like, hey, yo, whoa, hey, like, you know, threatening people with a Harold Tucker.
Hey, no slices here.
We only sell full pies.
He definitely knows what some bodies are buried, Jackie Cap.
But yeah, the Islanders, man, I don't know.
It's similar.
Well, like, I guess, you know, well, not really similar to Bruins,
but, you know, you have a guy like Tavares, such a good player.
And you're just feasting him.
Exactly.
That's the comparison I'm going for.
It's like, this guy's so good, what are you going to do with him, man?
If you don't have a good enough team around him,
you're kind of not utilizing this guy fully.
So, I don't know, man.
I wish there was an easy answer for what ails the Islanders.
I don't know if they brought in a new coach.
Would he be a fix?
I don't think so.
I really don't.
Just as I know that was our last All Right Hamilton.
All Right Hamilton.
But just as a segue for you guys,
I know we did get a lot of questions this week about Brooklyn
and the team staying in Brooklyn, the rink in Brooklyn.
Where Brooklyn at?
How do you guys feel about that?
I haven't been there, but I haven't
heard one good thing about playing in there.
It's like built for basketball.
It's not even built for hockey, the arena. There's a
fucking car in one of the corners.
It's Europe. I don't really
understand. I think the players love it
though. I mean, they're still practicing on
Long Island, which sucks, but
I don't see why you'd move. And where are you going to put
them? Back in Long Island?
I don't understand how the life, for the life of me,
you build a fucking 18,000-seat arena in the new century,
and you don't make it compatible for hockey, man.
I mean, just from a common-sense standpoint, okay,
even if we're not going to put the fucking hockey team here. Kansas City built a rink just to try to get a team.
I mean, the whole point of a multi-purpose arena is to have fucking multi-purposes.
You know, basketball, hockey, concerts.
You don't make it so one of those things is not going to play as good as the others.
It's just a fucking awful, terrible idea, whoever designed the arena.
I mean, stupid.
Even if you're going to rent the place out.
Again, not even planning for the islanders to be there.
Just rent it for hockey games or whatever. they have that design like that awful just the fucking
absolute abortion of an arena and now they're stuck there now these guys they live out in the
middle of long island and they got a commute to brooklyn in the city well you know one of the
boroughs whatever you know um boroughs here's a low-key thing about fucking brooklyn so there's
no better way to piss off people from bro and Queens by reminding them they live on Long Island
because technically they are on Long Island
even though they're not considered Long Island.
But they fucking hate it. New York is like
Where's Staten Island? Staten Island
is way out. That's like
Stature of Liberty.
That's basically practically Jersey. Staten Island is
practically Jersey. But
Brooklyn and Queens are the far west end
of Long Island. So they're technically part of Long Island, but they're not.
When you say I live on Long Island, people, you know,
don't say that if they're from Brooklyn and Queens,
unless you just want to aggravate those people. Like I do on occasion.
Well, I was, I mean,
I can totally understand you wanted to aggravate and people,
it's just kind of what you do once in a while,
especially if I'm a little cranky. All right.
So that wraps up the all right Hamilton segment. We had fun.
We had fun with our other segment.
What's up?
I forgot to mention.
I got a stat.
So a good buddy of mine, Matt Murley, played in the NHL a little bit.
I played with him in the minors, my first pro roommate.
Pretty much taught me everything I know,
which isn't much about gambling because he's a mush and so am I.
But he informed me that as of last Friday,
so I haven't done like up to this week,
teams that are playing on the road back to back,
okay,
or teams that are playing at home against a team
that played the night before and they're on the road,
okay?
So last night,
the Canadians playing the Bruins
who played the night before.
Montreal's at home waiting,
they're playing.
Those teams are 14 and five against the spread this year, or winning games.
Yeah.
So think about it.
So if you continue to look forward through the rest of the year,
and Montreal, they won another one last night.
Even though the lines get huge, and I saw you say it made no sense
to bet New York last night, even though the lines get huge, and I saw you say it made no sense to bet
New York last night, minus 300, but I'm going to just keep hammering home teams that are
playing a team, playing a back-to-back on the road in the second game.
Yeah, if you're willing to lay the juice, then, you know.
I mean, yeah, laying the juice, it sucks, but if, I mean, this record already, 14-5
through that point in the season, I mean, that's going to  and I think back to playing.
You play a game.
Say you play Washington.
You get out.
You don't get on the plane until  the plane doesn't take off until midnight.
You land in Boston or Florida at 2, 2.30.
You're not asleep until 4.30.
You wake up.
You do a meeting.
Some guys have to skate.
And then you go to the game. No shit you're
going to lose most of the time. It was exhausting.
You'd have to have 15
Red Bulls and you used to be able to take
Sudafed, but you can't do that anymore.
That was a real help too when you'd be
exhausted. Kind of like doing a bump or something almost?
I guess. I wouldn't know, man.
Me neither. I read about it on the
internet once or twice.
That's where I'm going based on that.
But that's my thing.
So, home people, you want to win money.
You got to lay down some money on the juice.
Well, that's the home team.
See, that stat is great.
It's almost 3-1.
But, you know, I would want to know what the odds were for all those teams.
Because, say, five of those losses, if you like.
I have the odds for most of them.
I'm not going to list them all.
I guess, you know what it is?
I'm not a big, I don't like laying more than 140 on anything, baseball, hockey, whatever.
I'm just not a big odds layer.
I'm more likely to take the puck line.
It was minus 120, minus 135, minus 120, minus 110, minus 160.
They're not crazy.
Wow, those are light lines.
Those are light lines.
Okay.
And those were all wins.
And then Vegas started figuring out a little bit.
Now it's minus 200, minus 180, minus 160. So, yeah, you know, those are light lines. Okay. And those were all wins. Yeah. And then Vegas started figuring out a little bit. Now it's minus 200, minus 180, minus 160.
So.
Yeah.
You know, those are big numbers.
See, I'm just, I just don't like laying those.
Okay.
I hear you.
That's why I'm a big puck line fan.
Although, I did notice one of my guys offshore, he does have three-way lines now.
Like, soccer lines.
Yeah.
Hey, now.
The three-way line, it's like soccer.
It's regulation only.
So like last night, for example, the Bruins were plus 280 on the three-way line.
What's three-way line mean?
It's regulation only.
So like whatever the thing is.
So you can bet a draw that it will go to overtime.
You can bet the team, whoever's favorite, but the odds are low.
Like last night, the Bruins were what?
I think plus 160 on the regular money line.
If you took them on the three-way line, plus 280.
So if they win in regulation by one goal or nine goals, you're winning 280.
But once it goes to OT, you'll lose the bet.
That's the thing about a three-way line.
That would be a kick in the dick, too.
Exactly.
A late goal to tie it up, overtime.
So that's good.
We get some little gambling
chat. That's always good. Yeah, you know, we love it.
I mean, I think we're the only podcast
that has a former NHL player discussing
gambling like this. So, I mean, where else can you
get this? Well, no, you're discussing gambling.
I'm just kind of listening. Okay. Is that what we're
doing? All right. Now, we're
going to wrap it up with our final segment of the week,
which has been fun for
us. I hope it's been fun for you
guys, too. It's Ask a Millennial. Oh, it's
fucking a blast. I'm showing you how
old you are. Yeah, exactly. I didn't go
to any Greta Garbo's this week, but
we do get a couple Ask a Millennials. We play
this game. We got Mikey Grinelli on the lower end
of the millennial scale. He's, what, 20-what?
23? 24? 23. What up, girls?
And then we got Wits, who's on the higher
end of the millennial scale.
Born in what?
What were you born in? Born in 1983.
I'll be turning 34 in February.
Okay.
And I'm the president of Fossil, the crew who asked these guys questions.
And you're 47.
No, I'm not 44.
Don't want to make it any tougher than Chiefs 10 already is.
All right.
Now, question number one.
Mikey, we'll go to you first.
The youth.
Get off Google, bro.
Yeah, come on.
Robert Altman.
Who is Robert Altman?
Who or what?
Can we do hints at all?
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm assuming these are the type of questions that you either know them or you don't.
There's no hints, right?
I mean, you maybe just heard them.
I don't know who the fuck that is.
Neither one of you know who Robert Altman is.
Robert Altman?
Robert Altman.
Author.
I'd say actor.
If you combine the two, you might be close.
Porn star.
No, he is one of the greatest movie directors of the 60s and 70s.
I know you're going to...
Dude, he directed...
Honestly, he directed...
How much does this guy love movies from the 60s and 70s?
Still, you guys just proved my theory that you guys don't learn about shit that preexisted before.
That's all you're doing is proving.
Like, Robert Altman directed M.A.S.H.
You know the TV show M.A.S.H.?
I'm going to tell you one thing quick.
I fucking hate that show with a passion.
And I've never watched an episode.
It used to come on before Seinfeld and stuff.
And I hated the picture looked old.
I wouldn't even give it a second of my time.
Well, the movie and the TV show are very, very different.
The TV shows are comedy.
The movie is probably one of the best, well, it's a war movie or an anti-war movie, whatever
you call it.
It's one of the best, like, war satires.
However you want to describe it, it's a fantastic movie about the war.
I mean, I think all war movies by, you you know By being a war movie Are anti-war movies
I think that's the purpose of them
But that's
Basically directed
Nah
Nashville
Directed a shit load of
Fantastic movies
Of course you didn't
Actually you know what movie
You know what movie
Did direct
Which was a bomb
Was um
Was Popeye
Remember Robin Williams
Robin Williams made a movie
Popeye
Remember Popeye the comics
You guys don't even know that
Honestly I remember that I Honestly, I remember that.
I remember me having to watch that movie.
It was actually a bust.
It was probably one of his worst movies.
Okay, so 0 for 2 on Robert Albin.
All right, next one up.
Who's up?
Mikey.
No, I'm up.
All right, Q-Bert.
What?
What is Q-Bert?
Q-Bert?
Q-Bert.
Q asterisk Bert.
I don't have a clue, dude.
Mikey.
Don't even start.
It's not.
See, I make guesses in there.
No, I'm not guessing.
Qbert, dude?
It sounds like a store, like Rite Aid.
I was going to say it was like Elmo, like one of those things.
Oh, you're thinking of Bert and Ernie, the gay duo?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Who is Q-Bert?
Q-Bert.
What is Q-Bert?
Q-Bert was a very popular video game, stand-up, arcade game in the 80s.
But no, but it got a second life on video games.
That's why I figured maybe you guys played one of those classic Nintendo things.
Oh, I crush video games.
Yeah, dude.
You guys know Pac-Man, obviously.
Yeah, I have it.
I have the life-size one.
Q-Bert came in the wake of Pac-Man.
It was pretty popular.
It was a little orange dude, but kind of like a fucking...
Galaga?
Galaga?
Galaga.
He used to jump on these cubes and get chased by dudes.
It was pretty popular for a little while, but not amongst millennials.
Okay.
No shocker.
All right.
Sure.
Okay.
0 for 2.
0 for 2.
I don't know.
That's great.
Do you have a third? I do. We have a third. We got a couple more here. Okay. All right. Sure. Okay. 0 for 2. 0 for 2. I don't know. That's great. Do you have a third?
I do.
We have a third.
We got a couple more here.
Okay.
Next one.
Mikey.
I'm ready.
Where's the beef?
Oh, I know where's the beef.
It's, uh, I know where's the beef.
It's from, uh.
It's a cereal, right?
No, it's not a cereal.
I see the commercials with it all the time.
There was some old hag that used to say it on a commercial.
I remember.
It was for spam.
It was commercials for spam, bro.
Yeah, I knew something like that.
Yes.
No, it wasn't for spam.
It's also a golfer now.
You were right.
It was an old lady.
I believe her name was Clara Pella.
It was a Wendy's commercial, not spam.
So you were right.
It was Wendy's.
And it was a Wendy's commercial.
It wasn't spam?
No, it wasn't spam.
Why did it say Wendy's?
It was like they were making fun of the other burgers, and she'd pull up the bun and look at it,
and it was a tiny little green pepper welfare burger.
She'd be like, yeah, where's the beef?
Exactly.
All right.
So Mikey was kind of getting there, and Ryan brought it home.
It wasn't spam, but all right.
Okay, this one, Mikey.
Oh, Ryan.
The Summer of Love.
1969, the Mets won the pennant.
The killer. World Series, actually. Mets won the World Series, and the killer, the Summer of Love. 1969, the Mets won the pennant. The killer.
World Series, actually.
Mets won the World Series.
And the killer, the Summer of Sam, right?
Now you're getting a little crazy here.
Summer of Sam is not the Summer of Love.
Fuck.
You had it?
No, you had Summer of Love.
Summer of Love.
69, you had it right there.
The Mets had it.
And there was that song by John Cougar Mellencamp.
It was the Summer of 69.
No, that's Brian Adams. You were close. He's a Canadian. Maybe you should move there, too, John Cougar Mellencamp. It was the summer of 69.
That's Brian Adams.
You were close.
He's a Canadian.
Maybe you should move there, too, if you're not going to get Brian.
If you can't get Brian Adams and John Mellencamp, right, we might have issues.
Mikey, he got that one right, so Summer Love.
Did you know what it was?
I thought it was a movie.
It may be a shitty movie. Summer Catch, Freddie Prinze Jr.
Yeah, Summer Love.
All right, and we got one more for you, Mikey.
The Pointer Sisters. The Pointer Sisters.
The Pointer Sisters?
Yes.
No idea.
That's not two girls you didn't know two Pointer Sisters?
Pointer Sisters?
I don't know who the Pointer Sisters are.
It's not a joke like Mary Palmer.
I have no clue.
No clue.
The Pointer Sisters were a music act.
I don't know if the RB, a solo, whatever.
You don't even know who they are.
Three Black Sisters, Bonnie and Eater.
I forget the third one.
Great songs in the 80s.
Dude, I'm so excited off the Vacation soundtrack.
Oh, okay.
I know that jam.
Huge hits.
Neutron Dance Off, Bev Hill's Cop.
Huge hits in the 80s.
We need people to tweet at us.
We're spitting chicklets.
I just want to know if other people are getting these.
If you're under 35, are you getting these?
Are you out there?
Do you know this shit that he's asking us?
No.
Again, this has just proved my theory that you guys are like the first generation
who didn't give two shits about what preexisted before you.
Only in sports.
And other than that, I really didn't care.
Even then, you're probably an exception.
I remember being like, I'm not watching a movie in black and white.
Are you kidding me?
I remember saying it.
I still kind of think that.
It's just somewhere there was a line, and maybe it was the technology
or whatever that.
And this isn't really knocking.
It's just more of an observation where my generation,
even if you didn't like the Three Stooges, Groucho Marx,
those things came 40 years before I was born, and I was familiar with them.
I knew what they were.
I was kind of maybe watching them.
Did you find them funny?
Fucking Three Stooges is hilarious.
You think it's because they're pumping?
There's so much more content now?
Content, hashtag, content.
There's a lot more hashtag content,
but I also think it's that the millennial generation who's grown like almost inadvertent narcissist where everything has been at their fingertips since they've been born.
Like cell phone.
Everything's on demand.
Everything's right there.
So they don't even have it.
No one's even telling them there's something out there.
It's almost like not your fault.
But there's very few who are actually curious who go back and look at it.
That's the thing.
It's like you can tell what's here.
And it sucks because you do lose a lot of a lot of the
culture like i mean you know like that there's like some you know kid who's not your age like
looking and digging up old like robert altman what movies to watch and then you know that kind
of sucks because those are like getting shoved in a locker at school for it no no you're fucking
hey dude bring the right girl home with the right ro Dahl movie, you're in, like, Flynn Brother, you know?
So, no, that's the point.
It's more of, like, a generational divide.
And, like, why does that happen?
Why did we, you know, my generation still, like, because we learn about this stuff.
Also, too, and I think it's the parents had a lot to do with it.
Like, for example, music.
Like, I know a lot of Motown in the 60s and 70s and shit I wasn't necessarily alive for
because when I was a kid, parents ran the fucking radio on the the TV the yeah my dad just listened to Pearl Jam and now and now
now kids like got their own iPods in or the or if they don't they're demanding with the parents just
there's no parent anymore it's all I have a kid if he has his fucking headphones in in the car I
will I will smack those headphones right out of it when I see it but I think I think the kids like
you know they grow up either with their own sounds
or they're pitching their parents around because parents negotiate now.
They don't parent anymore.
So, you know, the kids are forced to hear what the parents had.
And it's like, you know, they don't listen to, like, the fucking whole great generation of music, man.
I'm glad I was forced to listen to all the music I had to, man.
I'm glad my father used to say, you don't need a friend, you need a dad.
You can't try to be their friend.
You got to be their parent.
That's my life lesson for today.
I mean, you must have a love for Motown.
Who doesn't love Motown?
I love that type of music.
Yeah, absolutely.
I love that music.
Some of the best shit ever made, so.
Get down to that music.
Now that we had this,
can we have a group hug here?
See, America's,
we're going to be all right.
America's going to be fine.
No, it's just two millennials against you.
Yeah, we got millennials and Gen X.
Your oldest third.
I mean, if we can get along, then we can all get along here, right?
And that segment was brought to you by SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to find tickets for the football games
you want to see up close and in person this season.
There's nothing like being in the stadium for the biggest plays of the year.
And with SeatGeek, it's never been easier to get the guaranteed seats you want for great value.
I have the SeatGeek app on my phone.
It's by far the easiest way I find a shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere with just a few taps.
I can instantly find seats for this weekend's game or any game this season.
If I want to schlep on down to Foxborough to catch the Patsies doing their thing,
I jump on SeatGeek.
With SeatGeek, you always get the best deal on every ticket
because SeatGeek price compares for you by searching multiple ticket sites. Prices can vary depending on where you shop, but SeatGeek will always find
you the lowest available price. And that's a big deal when you're shopping for tickets nowadays
because there are many sites out there and not many of them are honest, unlike SeatGeek. SeatGeek
wants to help you find the most bang for your buck. That's why every ticket on SeatGeek is given
a grade based on value. You will immediately see any underpriced seats and will be able to find the best deals that fit your budget.
Plus, every ticket you buy on SeatGeek is backed by their 100 guarantee,
so you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with confidence
and not think you're going to get beat by one of those dirtbags out in front of the garden.
Best of all, our listeners get a 20 rebate off their first SeatGeek purchase.
To get your 20 rebate on tickets, download the SeatGeek app,
go to the Settings tab, and click Add a Promo Code.
Enter the promo code Hockey, H-O-C-K-E-Y.
Again, the promo code is Hockey.
SeatGeek will send you 20 after you made your first ticket purchase.
So go ahead, download the SeatGeek app,
and enter the promo code Hockey today,
and buy some tickets for your next event.
All right, we had fun.
Oh, we just need quick guesses before we take off.
Vegas is, I think, in two weeks naming their team.
I was going to say that.
13 days.
No, 22nd.
I'm going with the Dicemen.
Oh, it's to you.
I think it might be the Dicemen.
I just literally made this up.
I got my brain working.
It's not going to be anything gambling related.
They already kind of said an X-ray on that.
The Diceman's not bad.
You know why they can't do Black Knights?
They can't do Knights.
They can't do anything with Knights because the London Knights
own the name in North America.
No shit.
Plus the British Knight Sneakers do it.
You don't want anything to be affiliated with those
Dude, I'm a Fila guy
Finally, I left Adidas, motherfucker
No, I think anything Knights is terrible
I'm glad to hear that they can't do that
I was always a fan of something
Like an animal in the area
Like the Las Vegas
Gila monsters
What's a Gila monster?
A badass lizard, dude
They cut onto you.
They fucking stay there for 10 minutes and shit.
It's basically a lizard you don't want.
Yeah, I'm a Gila Monster fan.
Dude, fucking Gila Monster.
Badass lizard logo would have been great, but they're going to go with something lame
and fucking brutal, but whatever.
I don't know.
I'm just looking forward to going out there.
Las Vegas hookers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's some titties on the back of the jersey.
The third logo Is like a fucking
Mirror would like
Blow on
A fucking shoulder patch
Or something
Yeah
Condom in Vegas
Nice
Good one
Oh god
Alright
On that note
Thanks for listening
Thanks for listening
Another fun episode
Let us know that you don't know
What he's talking about either
Yeah check back
And goof on my oldness
Or these guys
On wokeness
On pop culture
In the 20th century.
Guys, we were number one, too.
We didn't get to say thank you either.
Yeah, that's unreal, guys.
Good job, Grinnelli.
Yeah, dude.
Fucking Grinnelli.
Dude, PMT, dude.
You go on that show, dude.
It's like an instant bump on our show.
And then we went number one, I think, before we even dropped the new episode, which is fucking crazy.
So thank you very much, everybody who's listening, who's reviewed us.
Good, bad, indifferent.
Keep doing that.
We love the support.
Thank you.
Oh, we got to say, we're recording.
This is Wednesday because I'm traveling.
So if anything happens like the rest of today or Thursday before we drop Friday,
it's not our fault.
It's my fault.
All right.
Yeah.
On that note, take us away, Pointless
Sisters. Peace out.
And if we're still playing around boy that's just fine Bye.
