Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. you up with all your betting needs. And with their great odds, fast payouts, and decades of expertise,
you can bet with confidence. Your team doesn't even have to win. They just need to cover the
spread. So what are you waiting for? Lay down some cash today and win big. Or if you know your team
sucks, do yourself a favor and bet against them. So if they lose, you make some money. And if they
win, you're still happy.
So where you bet is just as important as who you're betting on. That's why I'm urging you to make your way to MyBookie. I trust them, but you don't have to take my word for it.
Check them out yourself. And if you've been sitting on the sidelines all season like a
pigeon and haven't manned up yet, now it's time to get on the action. Due to popular demand, MyBookie's 100 bonus will be available for only one more week.
That's right.
After Sunday, you can kiss it goodbye.
So get it before it's too late.
They have in-game live betting and a mobile site that makes wagering on the go easier than ever.
You can also check out their online casino if you'd rather just play a few hands in the good old blackjack or roll some dice and craps.
So join now and MyBookie will match your deposit up to 100 bonus for the last time this year.
Use promo code SPIT to activate the offer.
That's S-P-I-T.
Visit MyBookie.ag
today.
You play, you win,
you get paid.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode
50. Hawaii 5-0.
William Wallace killed 50 men as if they were one.
Did I say that we'd go to Vegas for 50?
Or was that 100?
Well, we'd have to pay on our own again.
Yeah, that's okay.
So probably that ain't happening.
Hey, we have somebody on the couch.
Episode 50, Chick Chick, it's brought to you by Bastu Sports.
Ryan Whitney. Yep, what's up? Say it. I already said it. What up, what up? I already said it. Producer. It's brought to you by Bastu Sports. Ryan Whitney.
Yep, what's up?
Say it.
I already said it.
What up, what up?
I already said it.
Producer.
How are you guys?
Mikey Grinelli.
And we're bringing in a local guy.
Local legend to me.
Local legend, yep.
He's our fourth Hobie Baker winner.
We've had him on the last just several months.
We have four?
Yeah, we have Jimmy Veazey, Jack Eichel, Johnny Gaudreau,
and we have a fellow Boston College.
Another BC guy.
Number three Hobie Baker winner from BC. This is not Dave Emmer. It's not Johnny Gaudreau, and we have a fellow Boston College. Another BC guy. The three Kobe Baker winners from BC.
This is not Dave Emmer.
It's not Johnny Gaudreau.
It is Mike Motto.
Say hello, Mike.
Hello.
How are we doing?
What an intro, huh?
Yeah.
When was the last time you had one like that?
I feel like I have to come out of the curtain right now.
Ed McMahon.
Yes!
In the closet.
Oh, no.
Hey, no.
2016.
It's all good.
2017.
Just to get some of our younger listeners up to speed, you were drafted in what year was it?
97.
97.
You played four years at BC, won the Hobie Baker, Hobie Baker Trophy.
You had yourself a nice nine, well, you played 14 years professionally, roughly, I think,
nine NHL seasons, parts with Rangers, Flames, Devils, Islanders, Bruins, Panthers.
Had a nice little run for yourself.
We traveled.
Yeah, suitcase.
So what have you been doing?
What are you doing with yourself nowadays?
You still involved with the game at all, or are you just kind of like being the retired dad?
You know his son's a player, too, so he's involved in the younger guys' game for sure. Yeah, I coach with the Breakers.
It's Bay State Breakers, the 05-level 12-year-olds, you know,
so I'm trying to shape the youth a bit.
And I scout part-time with the Chicago Blackhawks,
and I work at Morgan Stanley full-time.
That's, like, not my full-time job, so it's, like, financial.
Yeah, so you're legit very busy now, though.
Yeah, and I have four kids that I have to
Not a big deal.
Congrats on the sex.
Yeah.
Courtney couldn't keep her hands off me.
With you coaching now, though, younger kids, are you working on hopefully your skill development?
Are you screaming around the floor checking stuff? You on the hands you love working on the hands right
no all i care for honestly is like the process i'm like skill development is like everyone's
doing skills every like jabroni is like ah skill skill skills yeah i teach skills yeah so next
thing you know i'm like all right so no one's teaching the game like up here exactly the hockey intellect
that's why wit was good he had good skill but like he could think he could out think the next
dude so you can think on the ice get him off the ice a different story yeah that's true but i'm
you know i'm still an open book of how i am so at the end of it though i'm trying to help these kids
like develop like real hockey iq and like you can you know kind of uh construct some some drills for
that and try to keep them you know kind of involved but like at the end of the day it's tough um to
try to teach that well and and i think that's really true because if you look at a guy that
has the best skill in the world maybe he skates so fast you know amazing hands sick shot but if
they don't have hockey sense it's like you'll never really get anywhere and so for you i think that at least at the pro level you weren't like the fastest player but you
were so smart you were able to play for 15 years because of having the stuff that you're like
trying to teach now would you not agree like especially as the game got faster yeah well i
would have to be in my position yeah use your head to be in better position defensively offensively
you can wait to do it out or whatever just like but like skill meaning like puck on the tape is like you know as a defenseman like that's just do that you know
bad forwards just want it on their tape at speed like they're just like if i can get that please
but when you're picking it up off your skater off the wall or it's a fucking chunky meat sauce pass
and they can't handle it cleanly they They're so frustrated now. So, like, I
ultimately made it to the NHL because
my head was valued
by the New Jersey Devils.
So, I could make, say,
a skilled play.
I'm giving the bunny ears for the listeners.
We're getting close.
We'll go into the skill level.
But like a backhand pass up
the middle to the open player.
He's so good.
It was the right play.
And then, you know, whatever.
It's not sexy to the fan.
To the layman.
Yeah, but you're out of the zone.
Exactly.
You're doing your job.
With speed.
Now, you said you mentioned the Devils, your first team you were with.
I know you played with the Devils, the Islanders, and the Rangers.
Now, you played on both sides of the Battle of the Hudson.
Both sides, I guess, if I'm wrong.
Oh, I didn't even realize that.
That's a trivia question, kid.
Yeah, both sides of the East River, too, I guess, if you want to go with the Islanders.
What was it like playing all those sides?
I mean, you know, because those teams fucking hate each other,
and you have to, like, you know, have the hate with one team.
And then Mott knows everyone. What's up, kid? How you doing, guy? And then the next season, you know, because those teams fucking hate each other, and you have to, like, you know, have the hate with one team. And then Mott knows everyone.
What's up, kid?
How you doing, guy?
And then the next season, do it again.
What was that like playing specifically for, you know,
those three teams, you know,
like in pretty close proximity to each other time-wise?
So I got drafted by the Rangers, played briefly there,
which was pretty cool.
If you can make it for the Rangers.
You can make it there.
You can make it anywhere, right?
Yeah.
It would have been awesome.
Dude, New York City.
That was right off of BC?
Yeah.
Okay.
The same year?
No, I went in next year.
That's like a.
We'll go into that.
Yeah.
So, the bulk of my time there was in Harford,
which was the minor league team.
But, you know know great getting a little
bit of exposure to the city and like just like msg and like it's so fun right but um ultimately
i start from the uh devil side uh that that rivalry and the devils came into the league
like late you know like they're in colorado they moved to jersey in like 82 yep yep and so like it
was always like the rangers were cocky like yeah like the step brother step sister whatever it was
just never like really you know valued for the new york metropolitan area like as fans so you
had gretzky calling him mickey mouse there you go yes so you know so you're in there. I'm playing in front of the best goalie that has ever lived.
Yeah.
So just keep him to the outside.
He'll eat it up, whatever.
So we had a good system, good players.
At the end of the day, though, we wanted to beat the Rangers.
We wanted to beat the Rangers.
And when you put money up on the board, it was big against the Rangers.
So for people who don't know when you play against the team um
that you uh play against a team that you previously played for or like uh you play against a team or
the city you're from you know so if i played the bruins or whatever or mott's played the bruins
you put up money on the board guys give you shit like and if we win that goes to the team
fund and i was always told i don't know if mott's will give me the answer or not but
lulam row when the Devils played
the Rangers, put up 10K.
And it was like, at least once a year. I don't know about every time,
but once a year. And guys are like, holy fuck.
It was beat.
No comment.
Exactly. I've heard some
things, so who knows. Prank call, prank call.
And then what about, and then the Islanders,
no, the Devils is where you had
your best years. You were playing like 20 minutes a game.
Who was the coach there?
What gave you that chance to finally be a regular, very good, solid NHL D?
Well, Brent Sutter, right?
Oh, he was the guy.
Yeah, so he was a new coach, came in.
Canadian guy.
Western Canadian guy.
Yeah, coached in Calgary, I think, the Hitmen.
No, Red Deer Reman No Red Deer Rebels
Red Deer Rebels
No Red Deer
But then he came off
Like you know
Like the
You
It was like a super series
And he just came into
The Devil's fresh eyes
And he's like
Hey this kid can play
Next thing you know
Like there was an injury
And I
We were playing 7D
I made the team
I was like
Whoa
No I kept going in
Every single day Waiting for my bag to be packed.
And I was like, holy shit.
Yes.
Yes.
We were down in Tampa.
I was in the opening day.
I was like, sick.
So that was what?
What year pro for you?
Five?
Seven.
So before that, it was pretty much all AHL.
Yeah.
Where?
Cincinnati?
Yeah.
So it was the Rangers, FOM. So it was pretty much all ahl yeah we're cincinnati uh yeah so it was the rangers farm
so it was like halfed and then i went to uh i got traded to calgary briefly four games there
but st john uh oh you were up on the rock no that's st john's st john uh newfoundland
and then uh and then uh cincinnati and and then the lockout year. Did you play that year?
I played in Worcester, living in Southie here.
Oh, that's not a bad little year.
Oh, sweet.
Sox win the series, too.
Went to a couple World Series games.
This is a big baseball fan, by the way, for people who don't know.
We'll get to that game a little later.
So you had a little bit of a taste early, and then, you know,
if you take a look, you have HockeyDB page.
You notice a little bit of a lot. You were playing in the HL.
Were there periods, Mike, when you were playing in the HL, like, all right,
how much longer do I want to do this?
Am I going to get back to NHL?
Is that something you struggled with on like a daily basis?
Or were you just saying, fuck it, I'm going to play until I can't?
Like, what was that process like?
That's great.
You know what?
I would prepare myself like I was an NHL hockey player every single summer.
I would prepare myself like I was an NHL hockey player every single summer.
And when my opportunity came up, you know what?
It was opportunity and preparation that came together, and I made it to the NHL because of that.
I didn't reserve myself to be in minor league.
It would have been easier to just be like, hey, you know what?
I'm not going to do these extra. Workouts and some of these skates.
Yeah, the skates or just the extra reps or whatever it is that got me to be in elite shape.
I was in elite shape every single training camp like everyone else is.
But I was really focused.
Speak for yourself.
I didn't have like. No, I was okay.
I was okay.
But that's a great question because that's what happened you know like so an injury happened and i was playing in training camp and uh
at like the level that i could play at because i was prepared huh so all right so this this story
goes back like way you know way before his pro times because mox was kind of like a little like
idle to me for a couple years.
We went to the same high school.
Even though he was a BC guy?
Well, no, this is prior to that.
This is prior to that.
So we both went to Thayer Academy in Braintree.
Great school.
Motts, were you there for four years?
All four years, right?
Were you there for middle school too?
No, just four years.
All right, so he was,
I missed him by a year or two,
but you were the best, one of the best, if
not the best high school hockey players in Massachusetts at that time.
So, you know, you're coming out of college, like we're coming out of high school.
Are you thinking BU or BC?
Like how did it come down to being an Eagle?
All right.
So I think you wanted BU.
I'll just like backtrack a little bit.
There was like the biggest out in my life.
You know, it gave me like the opportunity to like have good coaching under Jack Foley and Kevin Sullivan.
Yes.
Yes.
Sully.
Yeah, they just ran great practices.
Some of the stuff I do today with the kids is because of that.
And those are good teams.
A lot of kids are going D1.
We had eight D1 players off of our team.
Yeah.
I mean, that's like that's that's
when the isl was real good yeah but i remember coming back i'll get to your to answer your
question but uh i remember coming back and um i did this drill the other day it's called the
passing one-on-one so like everyone plays forward and d and i came back from bc and i'm going
against this tall lanky yeah he would come back and skate with us.
Yeah, and this tall, lanky
Bambi. I'm like, look at this kid.
He couldn't
put one foot in front of the other.
Gangly baby deer.
I'm like, alright,
I'm going to go deeper and
mismatch speed. Next thing you know,
the kid regaps a bit
and he has a great stick and I
can't get around. I'm like, who is this guy? Heaps a bit. And he has a great stick. And I can't get around.
I'm like, who is this guy?
He's a freshman.
Like, who is this goof?
So I remember this practice.
I'm young, and he's your sophomore PC?
I was a sophomore, yeah.
So I think maybe you'd say your best year in college.
That was the year you guys lost to Michigan.
Michigan, yeah.
So you lost.
It was tough.
Sorry to bring that up.
I'm sorry to bring that up.
But I just remember being a freshman in high school.
He's the best player in Hockey East, and I'm watching him.
And then after he grabs me, he's like, hey, come here.
Skate some laps with me.
So we're doing laps.
We crush laps.
We did like six laps one way, six the other.
He's like, yeah, you got to work like this.
And I was 14.
I was like, this is the best.
And then years later, we get to know each other more
and more, and we end up playing together. So it's
just like such a funny road to think back
now, especially that time when you were
the big dog back on campus, or
hang-em-rink, I should say. Pilgrim.
Pilgrim. What town did you
grow up in? I grew up in Avon. Okay.
Mean street to Avon? Yeah.
I mean, you gotta roll someone every once in a while.
Yeah.
Gotta crack some heads. Actually I mean, you got to roll someone every once in a while. Yeah. Got to crack some heads.
Actually, now, you were fortunate to play for the Bruins in your career.
I know it wasn't a ridiculously long amount of time.
But being a local guy, what was it like to strap that Spokbe on?
I know, I mean, this is a question I know it sounds specific to Boston.
And you could ask of any player who played for the team they grew up watching.
What was that like, man?
It must have been fucking dynamite.
So I was playing with the Islanders at the time, and I just came back from getting my head knocked in or whatever.
So I was coming back from a concussion.
By who?
It was like two little ones.
Okay.
But ultimately. That makes a big one usually. Okay. But ultimately
That makes a big one usually.
Yeah.
So it happened in practice.
I got hit with a puck in the back of the head.
And the kid still playing right now is Nino Niederreiter.
Niederreiter.
Yeah.
I'm like, hey, five holes is a good option.
Instead of like ripping it around the glass and hitting me in the
Oh, anyway.
Oh, it was a missed shot around the glass?
You were in line?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's how you got one?
Well, because Brian Boyle clicked me earlier.
Oh, that's when the shots come and you're like,
heads up, everyone's ducking out of the way.
And it hit me in the back of the head.
Ouch.
Can you go near side next time, please?
Well, five holes is a good option.
Honestly, you might score more goals.
Probably not going to concuss a teammate.
Wait, so then you got traded to the Bees.
Oh, yeah.
So, no.
How did that work?
Coming back from there.
So, we're down in Washington and going to the Walter Reed Clinic.
Yeah, yeah.
Because that's like, I care about that.
Just like shaking hands.
Like, no one knows who I am, but I just want to like.
Yeah.
But we have the ability as say professional athletes
to get access.
Right.
Right.
And you know, it's not like you're wearing a Jersey or anything, but like you just want
to shake a hand.
Right.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I, um, I'm in a car, it's three 58 trade deadline and I get a telephone call from my
coach.
I'm like, pass the deadline.
No, it was four o'clock oh yeah so i'm
like i'm like ah maybe you know wants to go grab a beer or something you might scratch tomorrow
yeah seriously so he's like hey mott's coach calling is never a good thing i would never
take that as a good i'll just panic immediately so he's like hey mott's um uh you've been traded
i'm like oh so i'm just coming back he's like you've been
traded to click the phone uh uh dropped the call dropped really yeah you had like 20 seconds where
you're like where is it so all of a sudden he calls me back he's like yeah moths uh you've been
traded i'm like all right uh where but while I'm finding out by myself, like honestly from my coach, my phone is buzzing.
Oh, you're just getting mad texts.
Because people know already.
And I didn't even know yet.
Oh, Jesus.
So he's like, hold on.
I got some texts.
And he's like, Motz, you've been traded to Boston.
And I was like.
That is amazing.
Like I shoulder checked.
Like I kind of wanted to like do
a fist pump and then i'm like ah you know oh yeah darn so next thing you know i call appreciate
all the help i'm like all right hey thank you uh so much you know okay happy blah blah blah
and it called my wife and she's like, fuck you.
And I'm like, pardon?
No, actually, I'm serious.
So she had four kids in a house packed up quicker than anyone could ever do it.
She's like, we're going home.
She beat me back to Boston pretty much.
That's unreal.
So the coach called you, not the GM?
Yeah, and then I talked to the GM after.
The coach eventually called me.
But the quick story that, I mean, I'll make it somewhat quick.
And I love this spot.
I flew back to Boston, day of the game.
I got right in there against Ottawa.
Hopped over the bench for my first shift.
In a Bruins uni.
Kid from A1.
Yeah.
Hey,
Sean Thornton's like,
hey,
Moss didn't even have to go and get like team gear.
He pulled it out of his
dresser.
He pulled it out of his
dresser drawer.
Thornton with the germ.
That's his sweatshirt
he wears to every Sunday,
every Sunday skate
down the,
down the rink.
No,
he wears it underneath his
Islander stuff.
That must have been awesome, though, huh?
I mean, I've been in the league for a while.
He played for a few teams,
but to put that, you know,
the shirt of the fucking New Jersey you worshiped
growing up, man.
Yeah, it was a dream come true, really.
Were you a diehard Brees fan?
Yeah.
Borky?
Borky.
Borky and like...
Cam.
Yeah, Cam.
Bruce, you bought him.
Yeah, Bruce. So you were a die, you bought him. Yeah, Bruce.
So you're a diehard Bees fan.
Yeah, so here you go.
I get on the ice.
First shift.
It was like a quick play offside.
I went down the bench like I scored a goal, kind of like pounding dudes.
I feel like, what's he doing?
I go, hey, first shift, game played.
I can play in the alumni game.
I can play in the alumni golf tournament.
You're like, I just got 50 years of shit from that shift.
And Julian goes, get on the fucking bench once.
That's fucking hilarious.
I never heard that.
You're like, dude, I just got into every golf tournament.
What's he want a fist bump for?
You got a shot on that, right?
No, it was an offside.
I caused an offside, and I was going down the bench like I scored a goal.
You're like, yeah, I had a great stick there.
Thank you, boys.
I'm in an alumni game.
Oh, that is classic.
What year was that?
12.
12, right?
Yeah, 12.
They had just won the cup the year before.
Yeah, they were looking to get a little help on D.
Same story as every trade that went with the Bruins.
Yeah, no shit.
Hey, actually, quickly, in terms of Boston sports fandom,
how many Red Sox home games did you go to one summer?
Like 42.
42.
Wow.
Yeah, he crushes Sox games.
And you had the girl
That just hooked you up
He had this
He made best friends
With this woman
That served beer
My buddy's college
Oh
Yeah the mom like
Oh you knew her prior
Oh yeah
Oh I just thought
It was Mott style
You met him
And became best friends
With him
So I mean
I don't want to
Disclose too much
But I
So when they blocked
Off Yawkey Way
The first year Yeah Who was on first Was kind of like So when they blocked off Yawkey Way.
The first year?
Yeah.
Who was on first was kind of like punished a bit on some level.
So then you could get a stamp and go in.
So you walk in the back and walk in.
Oh, that's the scam.
Just right into the stadium.
Standing Ramone right in front of Sue Cronin, who is still there today.
She's a sweetheart.
What year was that when they lost to the Yankees?
That was 2003.
So that was the bad last year.
And then the next year was real.
The next year it got done.
Now that it's here, the World Series, we're talking for Hockey Podcast.
That game last Wednesday night, game two of the World Series.
I wonder how many people are baseball fans.
I love baseball.
I especially play off baseball.
I mean, but these games now, even if you don't even like baseball, it's amazing.
Incredible.
I mean, I was a diehard baseball as much as you. You have an Astros hat on right now.
I have a legit 27-year-old Astros hat in my basement.
Because, dude, when I was a  I tweet the picture.
I was a little league.
Nolan Ryan fan.
Exactly.
Nolan Ryan Express.
They were my little league team.
When he pumped that Ventura.
Oh, headlock Ventura.
And that was with the Rangers.
So they were like, yeah, I was a Sox fan from Boston.
But, you know, when you're eight years old, you know, you like the teams.
Absolutely.
They were like my National League Guma for like the last fucking 30 years.
I always like had my eye on the Strohs.
I rooted for them.
So, yeah, I'm all in on them this series.
But that game last night, if that was Wednesday, right?
If that was an elimination game, it would have been one of the,
if not the best World Series game ever.
It still might have been.
It still is definitely one of them.
But an elimination game would have made it that much more intense, whatever.
But unfucking real.
Eight homers.
They said the Astros were the first.
Five homers and extra innings.
They hit the homers in ninth, tenth, and eleventh inning.
That's never happened before.
Like, all these crazy stats that, like, never happened before.
But just, like, the intensity.
I mean, I said that Grinnelly before we started.
I put it on the same level as, like, NHL playoffs.
Like, which we.
Oh, yeah.
It's different, but it's, like.
Exactly.
It's different.
The intensity of it. There's nothing. It doesn't. Well, it can be sudden death, obviously, in we... Oh, yeah. It's different, but it's like... Exactly. It's different. The intensity of it.
It can be sudden death, obviously, in the bottom of an inning, but...
I just like in baseball, in the playoffs in baseball, especially at the end, you go from
like relaxation, nothing, nothing, nothing, and then there's one second action.
Yeah.
And then you wait like 30 seconds and it builds up again and there's one second action.
It's just...
It can be boring as shit for 162 for certain people,
but there's no way in the playoffs.
You've enjoyed it for sure.
Yeah, I mean, I grew up playing baseball.
Your son, Rye, loves baseball.
Rye guy loves it.
Actually, a really cool stat is my grandfather, Eddie Motto,
pitched to Babe Ruth. Whatp pitch bp yeah to the
great bambino yeah so he was in the blackstone valley league and they would just call these
these mill guys up and throw bp and i my dad like he mentioned it one time then you know you're like
dad's lying yeah then my grandfather's like on you know his
deathbed and he's like you know one of the best things that i ever on his deathbed he said this
oh no yeah that's amazing we would talk we would sit there and listen to baseball games like yeah
in the back porch which is like way better than some you know it's you just have an appreciation
yeah but um going back my son loves it and um my my wife got me two pop-up chairs, one for her, one for me, and a Yeti cooler for my birthday.
So we can watch baseball in the outfield, watch our son.
Oh, yeah.
It's like, you know what?
So she has her wine.
I got a couple of sodas.
It's like, next thing you know, it's like.
You're watching Rye play baseball.
I love it.
That's America. Yeah. That is America. forward is it's like next thing you know it's like you're watching rye play baseball i love it that's america yeah it's america by the way i feel like feel the dreams it is america knucks haven't been chucked yet but there's definitely beers being gassed for this episode
of yeah of course i mean you know it's a really rainy day in boston by the way and uh i haven't
seen my good friend in quite a while i will say say, going back to playoff baseball and the intensity,
like what you're saying, nothing compares to playoff anything sport.
But we can speak, say, on a personal level with hockey,
and you're getting, this is my opinion on it,
you're getting everyone's best shift.
You're getting everyone's best shift.
You're getting everyone's best pitch.
So when you see pressure happen, the guys holding on to the ball just like that split second longer,
he's yanking, you can't have any more drama. You can't have one let up.
It's so great.
And when you do, you lose in the first round or the second round.
But when you win it all, you have so little mess-ups by anyone.
And in baseball, you were saying before with the pitcher,
if you see him just grab his hat one extra time,
the pressure is like he's human.
It's getting to him.
Crazy.
I know.
It's tougher to see in hockey, though,
because it's so fast-paced and it's shift by shift.
Baseball, you actually have a camera on the guy in between every single at-bat,
pitch, field.
It's just crazy.
That's why it's so good to me.
And it's got his stats underneath him.
Like McCarthy last night, you know, he was
I didn't know he still pitched in the majors.
No, he's their  they're on their ninth fucking pitcher.
I think he was their last pitcher going last night.
And, you know, it's like how much gas does this guy have left?
Of course, not too much. You know, he got ding. Yeah, ding, ding. You know, it's like, how much gas does this guy have left? Of course, not too much.
You know, he got ding.
Yeah, ding, ding.
You know, right center field.
But are you pulling for anybody, Mike?
Are you with Dodgers?
I mean, I know they're all traditional, but.
I honestly just love, like, so last night was like a joy to watch, in my opinion.
Like, I love good baseball.
So I love good baseball.
I think, you know, so I was like rooting just for a good game,
and my buddy had money on the game.
Who did he have?
He had Dodgers.
Me too.
No, he had Dodgers.
And then I'm like, oh, so I'm rooting for the Astros, you know,
just to like, you know, down, up, whatever.
But I think for Houston, they're a likable team.
The city went through a lot.
Right.
You can do a bunch of different things.
But I don't like Bregman.
Sorry.
You hate Bregman.
No.
Well, speaking of the fights with Ventura.
Yeah, yeah.
How many fights do you have in pro hockey?
I had a few.
You had a decent amount.
No, and the minus I had more.
It was like, hey, you know what?
More passionate fights.
And those are the fun ones.
Yeah.
I didn't like this kid, Sean Avery, in the NHL there.
You beat me to the...
I actually wrote down the question.
I wrote down, he beat me.
How many career fights did you have in the NHL,
and were they all versus Sean Avery?
I feel like if you see
Sean Avery someday, maybe it's like,
I'm going to have to calm myself down a little bit.
No, well...
He just came out with a book, by the way.
Imagine how many guys he sewered in it.
I'm assuming he just sewered
guys in it. I guess I shouldn't say it without reading it.
Yeah, well, I'll read it.
Will you?
No.
At the end of it, I will say I called Brian Boyle or text him actually.
I was like, hey, can you tell or ask Sean Avery if he'll
They're on the range at the time together?
Correct, yeah.
And they were lock-in mates like right next door.
He goes, can you ask him if you would meet me
in New York City in some street,
some alley, because I want
to fight him off the
ice.
And B goes, I don't think he's going to go for that.
So he said it.
So if he gave you a street, you're there.
Oh, done. Easy. Yeah, you hate
that. No, I think he's
a piece of shit.
Yeah. So what's Boyle say? He goes, I don't think he's a piece of shit yeah so what's boyle saying
i don't think he's gonna go for it and then i'm like ah well you know at least ask he goes why
would i waste my time with a piece of shit like him so i'm like you know what uh on the ice you
have to open up like to get your shot in so like i you So they're like nondescript fights, whatever.
But he was going hard at me because he knew that I would show up.
He knew you'd do something back and he would look good.
But he knew that he  it's not like I was a heavyweight.
Right, exactly.
He was picking his
Sure.
But then he knew me. But he didn't know who you were, Motts. I don't know. So I was a heavyweight. Exactly. He was picking his... Sure. But then he knew me.
But he didn't know who you were, Motts.
So I'm asking him off...
A little psycho in there.
Yeah.
Well, off the ice.
And that's the first time that's ever happened.
I'm like, hey, I'll roll you.
Then I can headbutt you and I can really get...
Then it's a street fight.
Then I'll win.
We're off the skates.
So did you offer...
That's what we used to call in the neighborhood
Offer somebody out
I offer you out for a fight
So when you offered him out via Boyle
Was that before you guys had already fought
Between your two fights
Or after the two fights
You guys fought at least twice
I think it was two times
But yeah
I think it was in between
Or maybe after the second one
I'm not sure the timing of it.
But it was in your memory. No, he came back.
He came back to the Rangers after Dallas.
So it must have been after.
It must have been after the second.
It was.
It was.
I remember every time you guys fought, actually.
Yeah, you caught him on a nice right in that second fight.
Because I was checking some info on your career earlier.
And there were two fights.
The first two that popped up were you and him.
Shoutouthockeyfights.com.
What a website that is.
That is awesome.
I don't remember when it came. I don't know who owns it
or who does it. I'm assuming they make
money off it at this point because it's
unreal. Just go watch
anyone's fight ever.
Some savages back in the day.
Did you see the story
that was on Reddit?
It was a Finnish trainer.
I think it was with the Kings
when Avery was with the Kings.
The team might be wrong,
but it's kind of irrelevant
to the story.
There was an athletic trainer
or a physical therapist
type guy in the locker room
who worked for the team.
He was a Finnish guy.
And Avery used to ride him
all the time,
kind of bully him around a little.
And I guess the guy was getting fed up with him and one day
he come in and the guy fucking like put a
choke hold on fucking Avery got him within like
a second of fucking putting him out
and they separated him where was this this was
when Avery played for the Kings you read this or something
this was yeah this was the
Finnish beginning of his the Finnish
masseuse or therapist whatever he wrote
the story and then it was translated.
Well, listen, in L.A., man,
that's when he said something about Dustin Brown's wife.
Right, but, right, so...
I know.
No, sorry, sorry.
He was a scumbag in L.A.
So, yeah, so he fucked with the masseuse or therapist guy out there.
The guy puts him in a fucking chokehold, you know,
and the whole fucking...
They broke it up, whatever,
the whole fucking locker room cheers for the guy.
Now, these are Avery's teammates, and they're cheering that the fucking trainer guy almost
choked him out, and then the fucking, now the next day he comes in, and no one knows
what's going to happen, because, you know, he's a bully or whatever, he got called out.
Avery goes over to the finish guy, he's like, fucking ninja, and he fucking walks away,
like, and the guy guy and avery never
fuck with the guy after that you know what do you do like you see he was a bully in some ways
what do you have to do to a bully exactly i uh you gotta knock him in the nose i i i have uh
more information about him like that like i would chirp to him so that i should have had, let's just say. And that's why he just does not  whatever.
He's just on my list of the worst
People you've ever met.
Yeah.
Hockey guys are usually solid, stand up, do whatever.
But he's different.
So I'll just put it that way.
Yeah.
Did you ever take a beating in a pro fight?
Oh, yeah.
Like a bad one?
Yeah.
Who?
Igor Vlij.
Igor Vlij?
So I'm like, hey.
Don't even know that name.
So he was playing for the Worcester Ice Cats, and he came around the net.
So I was just like sticking on puck back then or whatever.
I don't know what I was doing.
So it was four and four.
He gives me an  Russian. Yeah. So I'm like, I'll beat the pond on puck back then or whatever. I don't know what I was doing. So it was four and four. He gives me.
Russian.
Yeah.
So I'm like, I'll beat the pond.
I'll pond him out.
So open palm slap to me like this.
I'm like, oh.
I'm like, let's go.
What, Igor?
Yeah.
Igor wants some.
I didn't have my fight strap down.
He undressed me.
But then I. Then you got kicked out
Yeah I got kicked out
But like I
I hit him like
Two times like square
And all of a sudden
He just started beating
The fucker
When you hit him
And it didn't knock him out
You're like oh shit
I know right
He had this big square jaw
Like
I'm like
And like
Two down main street
All of a sudden I'm like
Just got him more pissed off
Yeah
And then like And then I have
tears and a bloody
nose and I get thrown out of the game.
I'm feeling bad in the locker room.
I just got
piss-pounded and I left the team with 5-D.
Exactly.
I did nothing for the team tonight.
Zero. But I did get
pumped. I got pumped a couple times.
Do you watch NHL nowadays?
We haven't even gotten into some current NHL.
So you stay in tune with the game?
I do, yeah.
I scope for the Blackhawks by the time.
But I mean all around the league.
I feel like a scout might just be watching one team.
No, a scout.
So I do the college stuff.
But my first thing in the morning is always watching nhl network they do a
good job yeah i know this bozo works there like i have to change it what a place who's that i don't
know what'd you say what'd you say i missed that as i was plugging nhl networks i said i said i
know some bozo who works there i change the channel and he comes on i'll be there next week
october 30th 31st check-in by the way i actually text him and I'm like, dude, you do a good job.
Thanks, buddy.
I appreciate that.
I'm not like  I am pumping your thighs.
I appreciate that very much.
And like you look good in a suit.
I tell you.
I would bang you.
I tell you.
Yeah, I can pull off a suit look right now.
I've stayed looking like thin.
I got such a skinny, fat body, but you can't tell in a suit
that it's rolls underneath.
You can't.
You can't tell.
It could be like abs underneath,
but I hide it great with a suit.
I appreciate that.
It's so good.
No, you're good.
I just like how,
I think NHL does a great job.
They show pretty much every goal.
I mean, you're getting like-
But then they show stuff
that isn't a goal either,
which is better.
That's what you're talking about.
I like that.
Save highlights, for example.
You don't get enough of those.
So current week stuff, just to go back quickly.
My most  I don't know how to word this.
The thing I was most impressed with this week, the Kevin Bieska punch.
He's a jump puncher.
He's done that for years.
That was amazing, though.
That was the first time he ever...
That was UFC, like...
Double dragon shit.
Double dragon.
I couldn't believe...
You could tell...
By the way, I just love seeing Gutis get hit like that.
Oh, I don't even know him, but I just love seeing...
And the shift before, I don't know if people watched the game.
Gutis and him kind of had something going in front of the Anaheim net.
And Gutis backed up, dropped the gloves, kind of like, let's do this. Andaheim net and gudis backed up dropped the
gloves like kind of like let's do this and bs because like he goes like this ref hops in so i
was like i wonder if they'll fight like gudis called them out enough where no no i'm like
they're going again yep sure as shit i didn't change it they come out of the box boom and i
right away before i'm like bs is gonna dummy him like he's a tough fuck. That kid's an animal. I played with a kid, Ryan Murphy.
He played
at Bowling Green.
BX played at Bowling Green.
With Escobedo too?
We've got to get BX gone.
Here you go.
He was like,
bye fight. He knocked dudes out.
He was just like
an angry kid.
That means you're an animal. They call him Juice.
That means you're an animal if your nickname's Juice.
So Murph, I don't know BX so well.
I would love to get to know him.
But he's real.
I think he does UFC.
Oh, he does?
He trains, at least.
All right.
But Murph, so Ryan Murphy, who is a great dude, all this.
We played in Lowell together.
He goes, listen, BX is one of the toughest kids that I've ever met.
He's rolling dudes in the bar.
But then you see him on the ice, and he does that jump punch.
I looked him up.
You've seen that before from him?
Look it up.
Yeah.
No, he did it at least one other time before. I want to say, before i was like did he knock the dude out like knock him not like that no but
not not like gudas but uh do you like squaring off i don't ever want to get me get me out of
a scrub but then he'll throw an unbelievable left yeah that comes from the bottom too and it's like
a quick snap left and it's got loppy i know he threw that right after the jump punch yeah well it's funny that they call it well unbeknownst to me a superman punch i guess
that's the the mma they call it that oh really i thought and i was like i really thought it was
named after superman because i but he the actual icon superman it looks like it yeah because he's
flying at him i'm sure obviously that's where they get that fucking name from but yeah that was
probably the one of the more viral clips this week. And the other one.
The other one.
Did you catch this one, Motts?
You're going to say the same one I'm thinking.
Yeah, the Kings and Ottawa Senators, they're getting ready to go to three on three all the time.
And the cameraman.
Who gets to cover them?
And you can see Doughty.
Doughty.
I almost called Doughty.
I get fucking American.
I don't know.
You love that band.
Doughty and.
Brown.
Talking about Carlson?
Yeah, exactly.
They're talking about covering Carlson.
You cover him.
Brown's like, I'll take Oduya, but the best is Carlson and Lino just looking at them laughing, deciding who's going to cover them.
Those little moments are just awesome stuff.
That stuff in the NHL is the best. And I'll tell you right now, if you're so good that you actually have three other amazing players arguing over  like covering you and you're laughing, that is when you have to realize I have life by the balls.
Yeah.
So, I mean, if you have somebody  the fact that Doughty is the Norris Trophy winner and he's like, can somebody else please cover him?
Yeah, exactly.
It's just the class.
I know, like you said, those moments in the NHL now is like, it'll never happen, but if you could ever have players mic'd.
How funny is some of the shit said on the bench?
Like chirps to guys and stuff.
It would be, it's like people would laugh their balls off if they could ever hear players on the bench.
For years.
It would just never.
I would pay an extra 5 a game to have
like, just mic'd up
players, no announcers. Just mic'd up
unfiltered announcers.
Players chirping back and forth.
That would be good shit.
Well, one other note too.
Do you know Colby Armstrong?
One of our former guests.
Yeah, so I know him through
so the Wilkes-Barre scranton team back way back in
the day when he was playing there there was like a brendan buckley scuderi orpic with you know all
these guys that i care for then all of a sudden like i meet these guys like So I met Colby. I met Tom Kostopoulos.
All these guys that are cool guys and awesome dudes.
Yeah, yeah. Awesome dudes.
Yeah.
So anyway, I know Colby's doing his thing here.
He was up in Canada doing his...
Yeah, well, he was on NBCSN last night.
Oh, was he?
Yeah, I'm not sure if he'd been on before.
I think he may have, but... Good dude. Did you listen? Yeah, I'm not sure if he'd been on before. I think he may have.
Good dude.
Yeah, hilarious because he's got that prairie accent.
But he's a smart kid.
Did you hear what he calls the mind league, the mindsies?
We had him on that episode.
So last night he was on NBCSN with the boys.
And we're like, oh, he must have got the call-up from the mindsies.
But he is.
He's smart.
He's hilarious.
I hope they bring him back.
Speaking of NBCSN.
Are you talking about Army?
I'm talking about Armdog.
I saw him last night.
He crushed it. He got called up from the Mindsies.
Him calling up the Mindsies.
He crushed it last night.
How about Enzo?
Remember Enzo?
Who's Enzo?
Hey, man.
The baker.
Hey, Wilkes-Barre.
Who?
Edzo?
Edzo? Enzo. Oh, shit.-Barre. Who? Edzo? Edzo?
No.
Enzo.
Oh, shit.
This is like prior to you.
He had his name on his skates.
I was like, dude, six skates.
This is Enzo?
Yeah, Enzo.
He was like a first rounder or something, and he was looking at me like.
Wilkes-Barre was so fun.
You came in the next year, I think.
Yes.
It was like Orpo, Scott. I came in the next year, I think. So it was like Orpo, Scott.
I came in the lockout year.
TK.
Yeah, Orpik, Scuderi, Fleury was there.
Was TK still there?
Yeah, Costopolis was the year that I came in for just the playoff run
when we lost to Milwaukee in the finals.
Dude, he's the best.
He's still, if anyone knows Tom Costopolis he was a funny funny bastard yeah but
he's wicked dry has he played 20 years i think he's still playing right yeah he's captain wilkes
but we we um we gotta get him on here we we were lined up on a face-off so buck
is uh is you know part of the uh the the crew and he's like he's like ah
monster's getting married blah blah so on a face-off um kustap is like hey i just got married
uh i got a good flower guy for you you don't know him i don't know i got a good flower and he won't
even smile he'll just stay dead yeah. Yeah, that's a hilarious name.
I hadn't thought about him in forever.
So Army, but are you going to talk about how NHL and NBC didn't get Edmonton?
That's literally, well, yeah, I skipped off to grab another.
By the way, these things are 7.5, boys.
Just a heads up when you're slugging these bad boys back.
Well, I just had one of them.
No, you're in them.
That's about, yeah.
They're going down like Citra girls.
Yeah, the other one, I think it was Tuesday night.
You got Pittsburgh playing Edmonton, and the game is only,
you can only get the game in America legally if you're in Pittsburgh
or if you're paying, you know, for either center rights or the NHL TV.
So it's like, man, you know, you got a chance to showcase the fucking best veteran
versus one of the best young players,
the best young player, head-to-head.
And all due respect to our pal Jack Eichel, they got Buffalo versus Detroit on.
Here's the onlyI know.
I was onI tweeted out, but I was onI kind of saw the other side.
Someone tweeted me, and he could be making up, but it's like they're looking at Larkin
and Eichel, USA Hockey.
Right, right.
And it's NHL.
You know, it's not on Canada.
So I kind of see it.
But you just wish that at least maybe NHL Network pick up those type games.
And they play twice a year, you know.
And McDavid sniped.
But then Buffalo was on the very next night.
So that kind of, you know what I'm saying?
It's just these things that as much as we love the game, we love the sport,
they make these stupid fucking things.
Like this is such an opportunity to like, you opportunity to help grow the game a little more.
And they miss it.
But, I mean, it is what it is.
One more kind of game before we get to our All Right Hamilton segment.
Because time is flying.
We've got a couple of chatterboxes here.
We could do like a three-hour one, Motts.
Yeah, honest to God.
We should do a five-hour one one night.
Motts, did you happen to hear that?
By the end, people are like, what are they talking about?
Ben Bishop got yanked from the Dallas game.
No, no.
They interviewed him after the game.
Oh, yeah, Ben Bishop and Hitch.
And what was interesting, I said, was the Twitter feed for the team itself
actually tweeted out his comments.
And he was like, you know, he didn't call out Hitchcock.
But he's like, yeah, I don't understand why I was pulled.
He's like, we were down 1-0.
It was a goal behind the net, then the second one was
kind of a lucky goal. They go up 3-2. Basically,
we had a lot of hockey left, and why
the fuck did I get pulled? And they lost 5-3.
And they ended up losing. Of course,
they replaced him with the inferior goalie.
I mean, you can't say Bletton is better than
Bishop. And I know coaches do that.
Hitch don't give a shit. Exactly.
He doesn't. I know he's done that a lot
to jostle the team or whatever, but
it was interesting to A, hear
the goalie call
his coach, I guess, whatever name, and then
for the team to fucking tweet it out.
Usually they're trying to hide it. Exactly.
Hitch had a quote the next day or maybe
that night. I don't know. I saw him in a hotel lobby, all the
reporters, and he goes,
are you worried that he could be upset with you?
He goes, well, I'm not worried at all. if you coach in this league afraid of conflict you'll last five
minutes right right and i thought like it was it's a different time now so you can make an argument
for either way but for him he was like i don't give a shit like i i'm gonna do whatever i think
helps team win and i don't care who i'm pissing off how much money you make that's just kind of
his style yeah you ever have any incidents like that?
Well, I just feel that, you know, NHL coaches are over a barrel no matter what.
Like, you
Hired to be fired.
Yeah.
You deal with egos.
You know, obviously, you know, you have to coach.
But some of these players, if they're not buying in, because they're making a lot of money, right?
Let's just say.
So these kids who don't care because they're just getting a paycheck and they're like, hey, you know what?
I'm better than, say, the coach.
It's crazy.
They're not getting rid of me before they get rid of him.
Correct.
Correct.
It's easy to fire a coach.
You can't fire a player.
Right.
Right.
So my best coach, he's like more fire a coach. You can't fire a player. Right, right. So my best coach, he's more of a psychologist.
He could manage egos.
He could get the best out of each player because he knew how to push a certain button.
And that's important.
That's the new age.
And Hitch is old school.
But it was Jacques Lemaire.
Oh, he was that way?
Yeah.
He knew how to do that?
He's a Hall of Fame hockey player, and then he's a Hall of Fame coach.
Yeah, that's actually so uncommon.
Which is crazy.
Yeah, exactly.
It's crazy.
Is he the only guy that's both?
He might be.
I don't know.
That's a good question.
Scotty Bowman ain't a Hall of Fame player, was he?
No, he kind of kicked it.
But obviously, Hitch ain't going anywhere.
They just brought him in. hitch ain't going anywhere they just brought him
in bishop's not going with but and it's also i think too in dallas where it's it might it might
even get more play in other cities because it's in dallas and they don't have not that they don't
have media there but they don't have like bought with boston and philly and ranges to where guys
are going to be fucking beating the drums about it for five days and ezekiel elliott suspended
so they got nothing yeah yeah good one here you good for hockey. There you go. One other quick note.
We talk about them every week because they keep winning.
Vegas Golden Knights, 7-1.
14 points in eight games played.
But I'll tell you, I mean, he's only played two games,
but it might be probably maybe the shrewdest signing of last summer
by the Vegas Golden Knights when they signed Oscar Dansk.
Now, he's their current center.
I know. Now, he's their current title. The tender, I know.
Now, he was drafted by Columbus in 2011.
He played up in junior.
He's from Sweden.
He played up in junior for two years.
Then he went back to Sweden, and he was still their property.
This past summer, his contract was up.
Columbus offered to bring him back.
And the guy, he was taken 31st overall.
He was the first pick of the second round.
Actually, the next goalie after Malcolm Subban.
So he must have had a rough couple years then.
Well, well...
Did Rock get signed as that high of a pick as a goalie?
No, no, no.
He was signed, but no, Columbus didn't re-sign him.
Okay, but I'm saying he must have struggled.
Was he struggling in the pro?
See, the thing is, I looked at his Swedish stats,
and it's tough to tell because, you know, the guy...
Oh, he wasn't playing in North
America at all. No, he played two years in junior.
But no, but the past few years. In the last
couple years in the Swedish elite league. Oh, so you don't, yeah,
maybe he could be great over here. Well, that's what I'm saying, is
that Vegas Golden Knights
did great scouting on the guy,
because here was a guy who was
talented enough to get picked first in the second round.
Now he's a free agent, and they've had the
foresight, let's bring this guy guy in and now he's their starter.
Again, he's only played two games.
Who knows? Maybe the wheels will fall off.
But right now it's looking like a pretty fucking
shrewd move by the Knights.
Them to get off a big close start
even if it comes back to life, they don't make the playoffs
who knows what's going to happen.
Just the way they started, now the fans are in.
Oh, absolutely.
It was exactly what they needed.
The place looks nuts for games.
Have you been watching any of them?
So when I watch a game, I'm like, they play with pace?
I want to watch them.
And the fans, when they score, everyone's up.
They're going bananas.
They're all on Molly and shit at the games I bet.
And they have cool uniforms, too.
I do.
I like their uniforms.
I didn't think I'd like the white gloves, but it's just growing on me.
Yeah, they grow on you.
I'm just waiting.
I'm like, all right, well, it's going to come back.
And it will, right?
But right now, it's like, basically at home.
By the way, they've caught a couple teams that get in there the day before.
Yeah.
God knows.
I don't give a fuck.
Especially early in the year.
Guys are going if they're in there the day before.
So it's kind of what everyone said when they first came out.
Everyone made the joke. Oh, 41-0 at home at home while they're rolling through teams at home yeah so maybe that actually is what's going on but to your point about the
goaltender i mean like you're an expansion team you're not supposed to have depth yeah but right
now right it's pretty cool you have two goalies down but three yeah number three goalie you know so i love i love
seeing like a kid get an opportunity and run like that was martson jersey and with it no i i just i
didn't like the the first goal like uh against uh chicago there the shorthanded one uh hayden
yeah you know it was it was weak but then he showed up. Yeah. And then he showed up. Pretty much. Shout out to John Hayden.
Anyone watch that kid at all?
I like that kid a lot.
Yale.
Four years, I think.
Fan of the podcast.
Dude, what's up, Hayds?
Oh, yeah?
Hey.
First of all, dummied Foligno.
Yeah.
A little bit of a lucky punch, Hayds.
I mean, but still a great punch, if you're listening.
Dummies him.
Scores a big goal.
Played at Yale.
Grew up a huge Rangers fan, I'm told.
And then actually with free agency picks to sign with Chicago and the Rangers going after him.
So he's made  I mean, to make Chicago play in that line and kind of just play his style, he looks great for them.
So I'll tell you a quick story.
I love that.
Like in a summer little spot, he dummied a kid.
In a summer skate?
Yeah, I know.
He absolutely dummied a kid.
And I hear stuff. Summer Chicago scout. Dummy the kid. In a summer skate? Yeah, absolutely dummy the kid.
And I hear stuff.
Summer Chicago scout. Oh, yeah.
And he's drafted by Chicago.
Okay.
Is this a skate around here, Foxboro?
No, it was here.
And I know that he can take a punch and he can give a punch.
So I don't think it was a lucky punch.
He was there.
Oh, no, no.
It wasn't lucky, but he was kind of taking a couple and then threw a bomb.
Yeah, there you go.
That's what I'm saying.
It was a bomb.
It's like smell your letter.
Open up to give one.
You got to give him credit for that.
All right.
I know we're running out of time.
Yeah, I know.
Sorry, boys.
No, no.
Please.
You haven't done anything wrong.
This is our usual shitheadedness.
We can go forever.
We haven't seen each other.
Okay, All Right Hamilton.
You're familiar with All Right Hamilton.
We take off.
No chance.
You're going to be in a minute.
We get questions from our listeners, and sometimes they're pro questions that I can't answer,
but I make one up.
But we've got two pros, so fire away, Mikey.
All right, so the first one, Griffin asks,
who was the coolest person the team got to come speak for the guys in the room before a game?
All right, Hamilton.
It wasn't before a game, but at the Olympics,
a Navy SEAL spoke to us.
It might have been in the summer camp.
It was unreal, like, listening to those stories. I never had somebody, like, right come in the summer camp. It was unreal listening to those stories.
I never had somebody right come in the locker room besides the coach.
I don't know.
Did you?
Yeah.
Go ahead.
The Quiet Man.
Who's that?
John Thornton?
No.
No.
He's a boxer.
The Quiet Man.
Oh, John Ruiz from Chelsea.
Really?
Yeah.
Who brought him in?
Claude Julien. Really? He was in there? Really? Yeah. That's pretty good. Oh, John Ruiz from Chelsea? Really? Who brought him in? Claude Julien.
Really?
He was in there?
Really?
That's pretty good.
Oh, shit.
He read the lineup?
He read the lineup card?
Yeah, he was impressive because he was like, hey, you know what?
It was like, get hit or hit.
It was a very simple message.
Yeah.
I would think something that probably Doesn't go on all that much
Because you guys are pros
I mean
It would almost be
Like a side show
Obviously once in a while
If you're brought in
Like obviously
Someone might
A military guy
But just to do it
For doing it
I think players
Will kind of see right through it
There's not a lot of
Pump up speeches
In pro hockey
Yeah you guys know
What the fuck is wrong
It's just like
Let's go boys
You're chirping each other
There's no like
There weren't many Raw rawrah speeches in my career.
I had one that, you know, it gets you going, but, like, it was really from a playoff.
But, yeah, if you go to the well too often, it fucking burns out.
Yeah, you can.
That's why I heard Brooks only gave one.
Next up, Mikey.
All right, so Maki asks, Arizona, Florida, Atlanta, Carolina,
all franchises that have struggled or struggle in their respected markets,
why do you think Dallas hasn't as much?
All right, how old are they?
Say those again.
Arizona, Florida.
No, he's saying Florida.
Yeah, Florida.
Arizona, Florida, Atlanta, and Carolina.
Okay, he knows that Atlanta doesn't have a team anymore, right?
Yeah, that's definitely why they left.
Did you listen to the question all right?
Yeah, he's rewriting it now.
He's rewriting it.
He said struggle and struggle.
That's why I...
Say, why doesn't Dallas struggle for France being in the South?
Great question, actually.
I don't know.
Honestly, I haven't looked at their attendance figures.
They've always been good.
It always matters if your team's good, basically.
Yeah, that's the ultimate.
But moving from Minnesota to Dallas was really a big deal.
But Dallas Texans love their sports.
Oh, they do.
But other markets, like Carolina, we played them.
So I was in Jersey.
Game seven. Game seven. It wasn't even sold out, right? them, so I was in Jersey, game seven.
Game seven.
It wasn't even sold out, right?
No, but we were in Jersey, but game six, it was like, eh.
I know.
And they're good now.
Carolina's good.
Nobody wants to watch them.
It's so bad.
They are good, though.
It doesn't make sense to me because when they won the cup, it seemed kind of crazy there.
But demographic.
Let's just put it demographically.
So I think hockey has moved into these different spaces because ultimately it was because of Gretzky going to L.A.
I think that was really the beginning.
The Sun Belt.
Absolutely, yeah.
And the Sun Belts, all of a sudden.
We have Austin Matthews, number one pick out of Arizona.
I was like, he's amazing.
Right.
I mean, that's like, I think that is because Gretzky got traded to LA.
Absolutely.
I'm dead serious.
I agree with that 100 because that proved that hockey could work in a warm weather climate.
And then that gave the idea.
And people like to bitch about Bettman with expansions,
but expansion plans were well in place before Bettman even took the job over.
Gretzky proved it.
And it is ironic that Arizona struggles, you know, attendance-wise.
But without them, we might not have ever gotten Austin Matthews
because they were there.
They were the hockey team he looked up to when he decided to play hockey.
100 he's not playing hockey if they're were there. They were the hockey team he looked up to when he decided to play hockey. 100 he's not playing hockey
if they're not there.
But they and Glendale, like if it wasn't
Scottsdale, it's a different animal.
We've talked about that before. It's a joke.
Any other ones? Yeah, so this is the last one.
We got PK who asks,
best stories about the guys in the penalty box
who work the door.
All right, Hamilton.
Those guys were damned if he wouldn't
get a penalty,
just a...
Oh, what a classic.
I don't remember any guys.
They would just always
seem like good guys.
Do they talk to you?
Not really.
I talk to them.
Hey, what's up, buddy?
Where you from?
Where you from?
Anyway, good around here?
Yeah, where are you?
Where do you go to eat here?
No, I threw...
I was in there for five minutes.
I threw a left.
He goes, I didn't know you were a lefty, kid.
I go, I'm not.
But I can surprise someone.
I got both hands going.
Was that an Avery fight?
No, that was Randy Jones.
Randy Jones.
Randy Jones almost ended Patrice Bergeron's career. Dude, he was a low-key Sega god, too, back in the day. Randy Jones. Randy Jones almost ended Patrice Bergeron's career.
He was a low-key Sega god, too, back
in the day. Randy Jones.
When he played NHL in 93 and 94.
Randy Jones played in
2005.
He went to Clarkson and then...
It wasn't Keith Joy.
I'll have to go through the old rosters.
Are you thinking of Randy Burridge?
No. Stump.
Stump.
Yeah, thatump Bump. Yup, yup.
Yeah, that's fucking hilarious.
Oh, shit, that's good.
Yeah, I would imagine
they'd tell those guys,
you know,
don't engage you guys
in conversation,
but if, you know,
that you guys do,
like, you know,
shadow box.
Imagine if you just,
like, hired a guy
to just chirp.
They're like,
listen, just piss this guy off
as much as you can.
So you got a guy in there,
you're like, you're fucking terrible,
huh? Nice penalty. Then the guy
fights you, he gets kicked out of the game,
you're like, perfect!
That's hilarious. And All Right Hamilton was brought to you by
us. Let the people know you're
gas and beers and chuck and knucks, and
support our show by rocking our
official gear.
Get our shirts at barstoolsports.com
slash chicklets. That's barstoolsports.com slash chicklets.
That's
barstoolsports.com
slash chicklets.
That wraps up,
Motts.
Thanks so much, buddy.
How long have we gone?
Dude, we almost,
we're just shy of an hour,
dude.
What else is going on
in life, Motts?
What do you got?
You got to go in like
10 minutes?
Oh, speaking of actually
before you got here,
Motts, you would have
loved it.
How about the cable guy
talking about Subban?
So Ari's cable guy was in here
and he's like, hey, I'm a big
hockey fan. I'm a big hockey
fan. Listen, how's
that guy doing? Vegas guy.
From the Bruins, the goalie. We're like, Subban,
he's good. He actually got his first win versus the Bruins.
He's like, no shit. He's like, we'll see.
I hope he doesn't end up too good.
I think they picked him
because what they did, they looked at his
brother, they saw he's an athlete,
let's take him. I go, yeah, that's
exactly why they picked him.
He's like, yeah, I love hockey, I love it.
Yeah, I was kind of like, yeah, they definitely
took Malcolm Suman because his brother's PK.
They took him as a goalie in the first round because
his brother's a good defenseman. Yeah, I was like,
no, Shirely thought he
set his team up for the next decade and they
thought they had a gravy pick to waste on a
fucking goalie. That's the fucking story.
It was a cocky pick.
Exactly what it was. And again, Malcolm still
may well be a number one goalie in the NHL.
He started off good in Vegas, but
the fact that Bruins had an asset and they lost
them for nothing, it just reflects poorly
on them once again. What's up, Mont?
I wrote a bunch of things down one time in San Antonio.
Oh, man.
So Mont and I got to play together our final pro season.
I kind of want to just, like, pump you up a bit.
Wow, Mont.
You don't have to do that.
That's so nice of you, buddy.
Yeah.
So anyway, this kid right here, you know, for me, when I watched you play, it was, like,
legit.
You could walk the line, this gangly kid, like I was saying,
back in high school.
It's all offense.
No, but the best part is you would care.
You would care about making the right play.
So next thing you know, I go down and we're um teammates and like he's making the
right play and he's a bitch and he's a like like he's like i was just being a motherfucker
he goes to the bet i go i go listen kid like keep making that correct play
some of the kids can't like see it like he jumped into this hole like he wants the
puck back he's just getting back to a tap and it's from sid so it's like it's a little different
san antonio but at the end i'm like don't compromise your person don't be a dickhead
and to his to his fuck and he was like hey here you go that was the year before russia when i was
just like it was like i think i've said it before like the it was like you're, here you go. That was the year before Russia when I was just like, it was like, I think I've said it before.
It was like you were on the track to really,
your career would end in a way you weren't even proud of.
You're just like, I'm just being, I'm just miserable.
What am I doing?
And then the year in Russia actually changed everything.
But that year when you came down.
So we do have to show a picture actually on Instagram
of Motz's son Ryan came out for his last pro game and took warm-ups with the team,
and then they got a picture of them two at the national anthem.
They are standing up, which is good.
Your last game was with the Panthers, is that correct?
With the San Antonio Rampage.
Oh, God, I'm sorry.
I should have specified NHL, yeah.
That's cool, though.
That's a nice gesture.
How did you like Calgary?
I know you weren't there for a shitload of time, but what was your experience there like?
One more question.
Unbelievable city.
Yeah.
So I was there for like a month.
I only played four games.
games but the next year uh or the i'm sorry that summer uh my wife and i went out for a wedding a minor league buddy that i grew up with like like really like three uh boyd kane oh yeah
remember boyden hershey what a motherfucker exactly exactly god he was a prick out there
so uh oh my god here we go So He was like
Hey can you do
Toast to the groom
And I'm like sure
So I thought
I had to talk
Into the camera
That was like
The best man speech
So
So whoops
So we go there
And
You know
You got nothing prepared
I have nothing
Toast to the bride
Was like gorgeous
He did an unbelievable job Bl blah, blah, blah.
A guy did the Toast to the Bride?
Yeah, her cousin.
And the next thing I'm like, I get up there, I'm like, ah, hey.
And I start talking and everyone starts laughing because my accent, maybe.
And the next thing you know, I just start going.
Oh, my God.
Like, he would get the hits. Can you tell what that means, everyone listening, when Mot i just start going and like he would get the hit can you tell what that means
everyone listening when mott's just gets going but he was like i i was with him every single day
for like two years uh like we commuted to the games and the practices whatever but like when
i go like this i'm like sha charlie and his wife I go Shah when he's like
Being a dickhead
Give him the hips
Give him the ten minutes
Give him the
Give him the hips
This is the ten minutes
The slogan
Yeah
And send him to the other room
Crosby got one of those
The other night
Ten minutes boom
Get in the box
Give him the hips
Speaking of
Like I know
I keep saying
We gotta close it up
But speaking of
Wedding speeches
Like when did it
Became a fucking
Like a speech convention It used to be The best man speech and that was it now it's like um oh now the fucking
fucking maid of honor has to go to the bridesmaids and the i heard a lot of great guy ones the
girl's speeches seriously nightmare fuel i mean the girl's speeches are there have been some rough
ones i mean there've been some bad you know some rough And then we went to Disney World
And then we were at the 7th grade prom
And then that
And you're just like
Oh where's the guy
Where's the guy's best man speech
Where's the hook
You know
Where's the hook
Like land the plane
Land the fucking plane
Just like you know
Or then when they like
I mean you know
I had a wedding
Like everyone wants to go
Fucking viral for their wedding too
Like you know
It's okay to have your wedding
Be like a private moment
For just the people there
Yeah I did a surprise one Yeah exactly Like but everyone Like to do like this rap Fuck oh we're gonna do wants to go fucking viral for their wedding too. Like, you know, it's okay to have your wedding be like a private moment for just the people there.
Yeah, I did a surprise one.
Yeah, exactly.
But everyone's like
to do like this rap fucking,
oh, we're going to do
like a rap thing together.
It's like,
just have your wedding
and just fucking
go home after
and bang and fucking have kids
and we'll talk to you later.
Don't even after.
You're too waffled.
All right.
All right, Motts,
you're the best, buddy.
We could do this forever.
Yeah, we'll definitely
have you back.
We appreciate it.
Can we already say,
will you come back?
Will you be a reoccurring guest?
You know what?
For the right price.
Okay.
All right.
I know the price by.
Yeah.
No, no.
It's maybe like a burger.
Six beers instead of three.
No, no.
A burger.
A burger.
A burger.
All right.
All right, buddy.
Thanks again.
Tune in to episode 50.
We got hopefully another 150 more coming.
All right.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out. Peace out.
