Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is Bosco Sports as we join their podcast network with today's show.
This week we have a very special guest, Paul Bissonnette, a.k.a. Biz Nasty.
I love shooting this shit, thanks for having me.
At some point we need to have you on again, especially when you're done and you're unfiltered.
The video of you before the
game, huffing them up, doing the
you know what I'm talking about,
patting on the leg. You stand
up and you're vocal and
you do it for the better of the group.
How many beers would you have to drink for me
to get one post on you? And he opens
up his briefcase.
He did not have one sheet of paper in his briefcase.
There was 12 Maddie lights.
He goes, put these ones in at the bottom so they're colder.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby.
Holy shit.
Wow.
You came a long way since Barry Melrose said you couldn't play in the National Hockey League.
I send him a Christmas card every year.
Kevin BX had gotten in a fight with Fedor Fedorov
in the parking lot at Earl's after the game.
I said, alright, sign him. I'm a Russian
gas junkie. I'm trying to get it on Amazon
Prime sent to my host now. Russian gas.
Get me going every day. I say,
give me that sledgehammer. And I just
did this. 10,000 later,
Biz. I said, Charlie, you stand
at the top of the stairs here. Don't let the KGB
down. And I took the guys down there and I had beers down there for them.
Oh, my God.
That got me fired up, man.
That brought back memories.
Hello.
Everybody, a welcome to episode 500 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 500 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Bar, you got here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Holy shit.
The boys hit a nickel.
Burles hit the over on that bet.
And we are ready to rip it up.
Paul Biznasty, how excited are you for this episode today?
500.
All right.
Right back over to you, the OG father.
Look at you with the All Right Hamilton T-shirt behind you, too.
Oh, yeah. I got it all out.
I got it all out, yeah.
Got the, uh...
The flag's still bent, but he's got the All Right Hamilton.
That's because it dreams of my recliner, too.
I feel like I'm in a wheelchair.
Not a big deal.
I got all the old shit, yeah.
Look at that.
Oh, my God. When me and G self-financed that trip to the Stanley Cup back in 2017, not a big deal shared all the i got the old all the old shit yeah look at that oh my god when me and g self-financed that trip to stanley cup back in 2017 not a big deal wow i'm
excited boys this is so fucking crazy we've been talking about this we didn't make a big deal about
it but i guess it is right and the fact that we're live it's very fitting we're gonna have tons of
amazing guests on but i guess i'll just say by uh our start by saying i'm so grateful for you guys
and uh what a whirlwind this podcast has been.
And I always say it.
I don't end up on TNT if not for you guys.
And I don't have the livelihood I have without you guys.
So thank you very much.
And of course, to all our guys behind the scenes,
Pasha, Fish, Memesy.
Am I forgetting anyone?
Obviously, you, G, but you're kind of like part of the group here.
Yeah, I think that's it.
There's been a lot about G's haircut in that Martin St.
Louis interview.
Oh yeah.
High and tight.
High and tight.
Holy shit.
G I've had some tough haircuts over the years.
I mean, I'm not somebody that should be talking about haircuts, but that one, I was like,
Whoa, I wasn't at that interview.
Thank God.
I mean, I think my haircut is how i got the name grinelli i'm pretty sure i showed up with just a glob of hair
gel in my hair the first day and you're like oh look at this italian fuck and i was like i'm not
really even italian you're like call you grinelli you look like you're italian now snout with that
oh i'm talking hair and you're talking snouts.
How about back to RA's house? I totally forgot that I came
and met you guys there.
Buddy, so did I. I saw you standing up there.
I'm like, what is that?
Right away, I was like, where are we doing an interview
in that when he's standing up? You had your boots
on, your tight jeans. You're ready to go out.
Oh, yeah. The nut hugger
jeans on. that was the first
time i met you biz i had to come pick you up from your hotel room and i think you were there with
the coyotes we drove around the city and that's when you originally told me about the idea that
you were like yeah we we filmed this thing called biz does bc you know we're probably just going to
put it on the shelf now you know i'm going through like these like lawsuits with this company me my
buddy pasha filmed it and that's when i texted hank i'm like dude this is like this fucking video guy he's got
this video hank's like send it over to me we send it over to him next thing you know you're fucking
joining the team those were early days that's when you guys had just moved into the new york office
the small one and that's how it all kind of snowballed and came to be but like i said boys
i'm so grateful
I know it was the last member to join RA
But I'll send it back over to you
Introduce the two other mutants we got on board
I forgot you actually did one at the house man
Until I just saw that
The old pad
It was a house not a power by the way
I totally forgot that
I was like he was never here
She's like oh I swear to god he was here one time
I went down to your
smoke den man
you'd
fail a drug test if you were even in the
bathroom next door to that room if you
walk by the house fucking you feel like
I mean because I appreciate the kind words
you just said but like and I
hate sound even though it's slightly arrogant at all
but I've always said like me and Whit you know
like you know won a title title right off the hop.
We brought you in, and you made us a
dynasty.
It's been reciprocal.
It's been a fucking ride.
Our producer, Mikey G.
All right, Dennis Rodman, then, for sure.
Oh, yeah.
Rebound.
Of all the lucky shit, I mean, me catching Whit's tweet,
blah, blah, blah, you basically because Brendan Clancy fucked up the Lake East NBA, and that opened the lucky shit. I mean, me catching wits, tweet, blah, blah. You here basically because Brendan Clancy fucked up the leggy
Semby and that opened the whole door.
It's crazy how life turned out,
but here you are,
buddy.
Yeah,
it's,
it's wild.
I still think of the first day I showed up and you guys had one
microphone and you guys were six inches away.
Yeah,
right here.
Like you guys are six inches away from each other's faces.
And I couldn't believe it.
I was like,
Oh,
I have all this equipment back at my house.
Next time we show up,
I'll bring it right away.
I went from our house.
I drove right to Nashville,
New Hampshire,
tax-free up there.
And I bought a ton of equipment.
I had no idea how to use any of it.
The guy at the guitar center walked me through everything.
And I told you guys,
I was like,
yeah,
no,
I'm,
I'm super experienced in all this stuff.
I know exactly what I'm doing. I had no fucking clue. was like, yeah, no, I'm super experienced in all this stuff. I know exactly what I'm doing.
Lies.
I had no fucking clue.
Lies.
Lies.
Lies.
Snake me, buddy.
Any accidental like little pecks on the cheek or something sharing the mic with R.A.?
Like how close did you come from?
I have a love of respecting one space.
When I was talking, he leaned back a little bit.
When he was talking, I jumped back.
I just remember being like, oh, my God.
I think I really do love doing this if I was willing to just share a mic with the rear admiral for an hour and 20 minutes right then.
But you know what?
I have a little.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
Sorry, buddy.
No, no.
Go ahead, buddy.
I have a little tidbit.
Hopefully you can hear it.
I hear it here.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to the first episode of the R.A. Whitney podcast. Can you hear it here. I know. Hello, everybody. Welcome to the first episode of the R.A. and Whitney podcast.
Can you hear it?
Well, a little bit of a struggle to get going.
I had technology.
Yes, it has been.
We're not exactly wizards with technology.
Exactly.
By the way, that's the co-host, Brian Whitney, former Boston University.
Are you good?
I wouldn't say sorry.
Don't know me.
I appreciate that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, all right.
I think that was easy.
Dude, it's crazy, dude.
Listen to that, how just different it was.
Just me and you just shooting the shit.
I think I had a post-it note with four bullet points on it.
Did you guys have a guest your first pot?
We didn't have guests for a while.
We didn't have guests for a while where we kind of thought maybe g or r and i were like i remember i i was so against guests because
i hate asking people to do stuff like you know you're asking for a favor you feel bad and it
turns out there are a lot of guys who want to do it i still feel bad at times but um i guess i guess
going last like first off i want to say thank you so much to everyone.
Yeah, we're just going through some stuff right now.
You know, the name Callan actually means brave, noble in battle.
So it's we're just we're dealing with some stuff.
We got some good news the other day and then a little different news today.
But I'm here. I would never miss this episode.
And I cannot  it's amazing the timing of all this because you fans
and you guys listening and specifically Vancouver Canucks fans.
Yeah, you guys have been awesome.
The classiest.
I take everything back.
Like the amount of messages I got.
Like we love the shit talk, but we're looking at
we're thinking of you and your family.
I cannot thank you enough I can never say
a bad word about your fan base again
I'm still rooting for the team I'm wearing the
Oilers on the hat and the sweatshirt but
just an amazing response from
everyone I cannot thank you enough
for talking
so nicely to me when I
just mentioned that we were kind of going through some things
with our family right now so knock on, we're going to keep crushing it. But it all goes back to this
community we've created. And I'm so amazed at what this has turned into. Never in my wildest
dreams would I imagine. And I think I said back in the day, we'll go to Vegas and do our 500th
episode because I said we'll never make it to 500. So it turns out, as I said that when we started,
I wasn't married, no kids.
And now we just had our third.
It's just like wild to think of all these years,
all these episodes.
And none of it happens without all you people watching
and listening right now.
It's the most fun group of people.
As we've brought up before, we have meet and greets we have
street hockey tournaments we have all these different events there's never once been a fight
besides a guy getting picked kicked out of the bar for like assaulting biz and pasha loving him
and the guy loving pasha that was our only kind of goon we've ever dealt with i love you pasha
as he's getting chokeholded out um but it's just, it's the best community ever.
I'm so grateful for what we've built.
I'm so grateful for you guys and your support the other day
when I called you guys to let you know what was going on.
And it's difficult not to get a little emotional talking about this.
You dream of finding peace after your career,
and you dream of finding another thing to work towards
and want to be good at.
And we've been so lucky, Biz and I, to find it.
R.A. and G, you found it.
You guys crush it.
And I just want to say thank you once again to everyone for support, not only in my personal
life right now, but as a team, our Spittin' Chicklets squad.
It's the best group.
So thank you so much.
Hear, hear.
Well said, Witty Dog.
And obviously, it's great to have you back, buddy.
And just to reiterate what you said, buddy, that the fans it's great to have you back buddy and just to
reiterate what you said buddy that the fans have been incredible to us and we owe you guys
everything we love you guys and uh we got some special treats for you today after we talk about
these crazy playoffs and before we do that um this is another thing that's pretty wild i'm doing a an
ad read quickly for a vodka that has my name on it. Who would have thought that?
But Pink Whitney, guys, this show is presented by Pink Whitney.
New Amsterdam's own flavored vodka.
So go on out.
Grab one of those big bottles.
That's the ones I had delivered to the house.
I enjoy those.
They last longer.
Also, the nips for the golf course.
It's the nice time of year.
It's playoff hockey.
Rangers fans, you guys are nervous. All fan bases are nervous, besides maybe the Dallas Stars right now.
So, you know, maybe Glassbanger celebrating with little pink Whitney.
But go down to your local liquor store, grab some, order some at your bar,
your favorite watering hole that you'd like to have a drink at.
And thank you again for all your support.
New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney.
Take your shot.
The number one flavored vodka in North America.
So that's what this show is presented by.
That is absolutely wild to have your 500th episode and talk about the vodka we have.
What a joke this whole entire life is.
Biz, would you look at us?
What's that show?
Look at us now.
Look at us.
All right.
Look at us.
And just to piggyback that, shout out to the whole Gallo crew, like sales team and everybody
at Gallo and Pink Whitney in New Amsterdam.
You know, without them, man,
like we wouldn't be able to do what we do,
travel around and do all these sandbaggers
and amazing things in order to provide
you guys more entertainment.
So that's part of it.
So shout out to Pink Whitney, New Amsterdam
and the whole Gallo sales team
and everybody involved.
We love you guys.
That's the OG bottle.
It's the first bottle.
Yeah, that's crazy.
From the taste test.
They went clear, and then they fixed that.
If it was in the sun a little bit too long, they'd go clear.
And I don't know, quickly, before we get into the hockey,
I know this is kind of a reminiscing show a little bit, 500.
If people don't know, we went and did the taste test,
and they had about eight bottles, and my wife came, me, Biz,
G was there, and then what do
you think of this one i like that one what do you think i hate that one what do you think of this
one that's pretty good put it over with the one i liked originally get to all eight got rid of five
love three going through the three that i like back and forth i don't know then at the end i'm
like this is the one they're like well it was all the same you dumb fucking big-eared bastard so
uh pretty funny that they got me on that um but it's crazy
you still have those jeez yeah i don't know i don't know if you want to drink those dude we
thought they were gonna be like a pre-mixed cocktail too and they come out with the the 30
alcohol and i'm like oh that's a little stiff i don't know if i could do this but the college
kids love it and they love getting banged up and uh take your shot baby it ended up working out
perfectly i always needed a little liquid courage to go talk to a young lady so now knowing that
there's maybe some youngsters out there that have a girl in mind that they just do a couple rips of
pink whitney and then they go and who knows maybe end up they seal the deal they end up marrying
them and we could be they could be thanking pink whitney for that little courage that that it was
given given to me as you mentioned you thought it was a canned beverage, like a mixed drink.
And that's what I thought too.
So it was 10 a.m. on like a Tuesday and MB came up to my desk and she's like, hey, we're
doing a taste test for the new vodka that you guys are creating, for the new drink that
you guys are creating.
Come in this office and try it.
And I'm like, oh, awesome.
This is great.
So I sit down at the desk.
There's a bunch of execs in there, like CEO, all these things, like big
people, Erica's in there and they, they have three pink glasses in front of all of us.
So I take the first glass and I'm like, Oh, I'll try this thing. Throw it back. Go, go, go, go,
go right away. The guy's like, no, no, no, it's vodka. I'm like, I'm like i'm like oh fuck and uh yeah i almost threw up
and then but that's that's how we uh it's actually it's one of the crazy things too is there was two
vodkas that we people were going everyone in the boardroom was going back and forth on i don't
think i ever told this nick moque was an intern at the time and they looked at nick and they're like
which one do you like and he was That's the guy we're going for.
Vodka one.
They're like, all right, we're picking vodka one
and that was Pink Whitney.
Shout out to Nick.
Thanks, Nick.
One other thing, boys, the logo.
Elliot's going to flash the original logo.
I can't draw off a shit, but look at that.
That was the original design
right there.
All right. I've always said the name without the name i don't think this
is that big of a show it just rolls off the tongue shooting the shit getting your teeth knocked out
all comes into one you had the idea of the face the skull missing the tooth so your drawing's
horrible but your idea was incredible without that we we we're not we're not sitting here right now.
R.A., take us through the creative process.
Like, when did you think of it?
Oh, light up a big bong and then sit there.
Oh, God.
How fucked up were you when you thought of it?
And then did you right away just start drawing?
No.
Well, spin shaker obviously was a phrase well before.
I would never, ever try to even think of taking credit for that.
It's just when I thought of it, because, you know, you try to avoid generic hockey terms like, you know, five minute fucking power play or whatever.
These like the R.A. and Witch Show.
Yeah, hello, everybody.
That was the worst. Hello.
That was the worst. Hello, ever.
But, you know, when I hit my head, I was like, oh, my God, because spitting in the last, you know, 30 years means something different than it did 40 years ago.
It didn't spit on the ground.
It's like talking, whatever. And then I was like, oh, spitting chickens. You know you know, 30 years means something different than it did 40 years ago. It didn't mean spitting on the ground. It's like talking, whatever.
And then I was like, oh, spitting chickens.
You know what? That kind of works. And then I was like,
I saw the logo. I'm like, put the tooth
out because we're Boston guys and not to me
the toughest guys around at all.
So I took the colors, obviously, in Boston.
I put the tooth out, a little bit of a smile. And yeah,
I just, I sent it to an artist buddy and he gussied
it up and I was like, holy shit.
That's it right there.
And yeah, it's, I'm not fucking.
I love how you picked the CCM bucket too.
It just looks so much better with the old school CCM bucket.
I think I missed the number eight from the black goal was my inspiration.
They had Cam Neely back in the day.
So a little bit of that.
Speaking of Cam Neely and the Boston Bruins,
Charlie McEvoy had the perfect time to have his best game of the series.
Game-winning goal, added an assist.
How about this, Biz?
Fifteen games played when the Bruins have faced elimination.
McAvoy has a goal and nine assists with 39 hits, 26 blocks.
Obviously turns it up when shit's on the line,
but we're going to talk about Swayman as well.
That save on Bennett with nine seconds left.
This is a totally different team than we saw the two previous games.
I don't know what they're doing different.
Biz, what are they doing different?
I just thought they came out a lot stronger.
I felt through the first two periods.
I mean, some people might say it wasn't Florida's best game,
but finally Boston came out strong and took it to them. And you mentioned it, man.
They had to have a few big games by their guys in the back end.
I felt like their back end had been struggling to make plays,
specifically McAvoy.
Maybe sometimes when you're trying to do a little bit too much,
your game can struggle.
Maybe like going out of your way to make a big hit, you know,
and trying to force plays.
I just felt that everything kind of came to him last game.
I mean, he had the assist early on, and then that snipe,
when he joined in the rush, I want to say he came off the bench fresh
off that play and people might argue about the goaltender interference i personally thought it
was goaltender interference but they are saying he had time to reset but i don't even think it
mattered if he was reset like the first game where the bruins played there and yans came on
it felt like they were shooting bs. He picked that top corner
and if you have time and space and you're
able to pick those top corners clean
against Bob, that's where you can
beat him. A huge game from him
and I don't know if we can roll it, but
even just a shot, you're seeing
here right now, see how Bob's blocker
is up. Now, I could agree with
Boston fans on the fact
that after the battle... They hate your guts, dude.
I don't give a
flying fuck.
Thanks, R.A.
You're the ringleader, so that maybe means a lot.
Do you really think they're the whiniest group?
Sometimes
online, they can be extremely, extremely
whiny. Like, for instance, just
admitting the fact that the games before
Shouldn't have been a goal
Nor should have this one and I felt like they did
A good job of making up for the last game
Where buddy go back to the
Tampa Florida series there was two
Goals that were taken back from Tampa
That were just exactly like that
Do you remember those RA
Yeah Joe Cirelli yeah that was
Cirelli was one of them, and then
Duclair was the other.
But whatever. At the end of the day,
it was a huge game for the Bees.
When Florida turned it up in the third,
they were on the ropes a little bit, but
at the end, Swayman, he's been
huge all playoffs long. They did the right
call in just riding him the whole
way, where right now, in my
opinion, he's been the best goalie all of playoffs.
And if he keeps playing like this, boys, don't count these Bs out.
They're going back home.
They got that home crowd.
I don't think Florida shook at all.
I think that you're going to see a different Florida team.
And I think the other storyline from this game,
I'll throw it over to you, Witt, is the coaches.
A lot of animation,
very vocal in the media,
very vocal on the
bench from Mati, basically
accusing Florida of diving a lot,
which, we're talking about
probably one of the toughest teams in the league, and he's
I don't know if you guys saw the ladies
reaction behind the bench being like, what the fuck
is this guy doing? Because he just kind of kept
going like this, and like, and like oh wow and kept making gestures like that and then over
to the other bench where i don't think we've seen uh a snapshot from paul maurice like this since
last year in toronto when he'd had enough and then all of a sudden they went on that crazy run
so from that moment in that game when paul maurice went crazy
and we're going to roll his audio after the game when he was a little bit more calm
their team will ramp it up and he doesn't pull this card out very often so let's roll the clip
and then we'll get to wit's opinion of it all after just thought they needed some profanity
in their life i brought some that i don to excel a lot of things in life,
but fuck me, I might get at that.
You see how I did that?
Okay.
I thought that was excellent.
Later in the press conference, he goes into
kind of setting up game six, too.
He's talking about all the cameras,
watching Marchand. Is he going to play?
The drama. What's going on?
Go ahead.
It's going to be an absolute barn burner in there.
There'll be 18,000 cameras on the morning skate just to see if
when he sips the water bottle Brad Marshawn takes,
it's going to be some high-end investigative journalism.
You guys going to go home and get a nap?
You should get some shit to do in a couple days.
He hates the media.
No, no, I don't.
I don't think he hates the media. I think
the Boston media, he does not like them.
Well, I think that
he's amazing at holding
court. He has a skill of being
able to just sit there and
almost talk about games
as if they're stories and how he tells
the story of the game. He's just very
articulate in how he goes about giving press conferences.
And I think he does have respect for the media in that they all have a job.
And the easier he makes it on them, the easier it is for them to do their job.
So I think he enjoys getting up there and being the jester.
And jester's not the right word.
Just holding court, being that guy.
And he's good at it.
He's been around this league for so long.
That guy was coaching at a young age.
So I was shocked the Bruins got a win.
I mean, watching this team versus the Florida Panthers,
it's like varsity versus JV.
I mean, you look at the names on the power play for Florida,
and then you look at the names for the power play of the Bruins,
you're like, how is this going to six?
And it's Jeremy Swayman.
And, R.A., I like what you brought up about McAvoy.
I think he's a top five defense in the NHL.
I think if he had a little better offensive touch, he could be top three.
I think he's an incredible player worth every penny, a true star in the league.
He's had a tough playoff.
I don't really know.
My guess would be that.
And just thinking back to when I played,
Biz, let me know if you agree or disagree.
You have a couple tough games.
You start pressing a little bit.
And any single time you start struggling a little bit and you start pressing,
it's like everything you touch turns to shit.
And I'm not saying he's made all bad plays.
There's been moments of him playing real solid hockey.
But as a whole, for how good he is, I think Bruins fans are kind of like, what's going on? The same way they were talking about
Lindholm, who's really picked up his game since game seven against Toronto. And in this series,
McAvoy, you're just left wondering where's the Charlie McAvoy we've seen the last four or five
years. It seemed like last night he simplified things. And when you're struggling and you're
pressing and everything you touch is going wrong and you can't get a bounce because you're trying so friggin hard
you just need to end up take take a step back simplify i think i talked about this last week
in one of the episodes and he did last night i think the hit in game five probably helped get
him going what a hit that was bullshit penalty call i know i wasn't a part of the show after that
that's a perfectly timed body check but then that that, that, all right, now I'm going. And then with the puck last night, easier decisions,
not forcing things. All right. If I, if I make a couple of simple plays, then I have a dish up the
middle. He gets that assist. Beautiful goal. I couldn't agree more that that goal should have
counted. I actually think Bennett should have counted though. I know I wasn't on the show. Really? OK, I thought that that cross check was not enough. I think I agree with the league. I was
I was very surprised to see. I wasn't surprised, understandably, the way it looked. There was
actually a goal that was to be a Pat Maroon scoring a goal earlier this year for the wild.
It was like the exact same thing that got called back. It was a softer push that went into the
goalie.
I just thought that the puck was on Bennett's stick before Coyle even hit Swayman.
Like that was going to be a goal.
Either way, I think they got it right, both of them counting.
So, Biz, while you say they both shouldn't have counted and it evens up, I think they both count.
And either way, there's no complaints.
That's what I'm saying.
It all evens out in the wash.
Now, if I could compare the pressing analogy,
it would kind of be like going to the casino with you and Merle's where you lose a couple big blackjack hands,
and it's like, hey, wait, let's just step away.
Let's go hit up the buffet.
And you're like, fuck you, biz.
Here's my ATM card.
Go take out more cash, and we're chasing our bets.
That is kind of how I felt about McAvoy,
at least the first start of playoffs until last game,
where he looked incredible.
So back over to you.
Okay.
The Bruins doing that without Marchand, like I said, shocked.
Shocked that they were able to get that win.
But you saw Maurice on the bench.
Florida was shit early.
And I think after those two games, granted,
it was a come from behind win
in game four after dominating game three. They thought it was going to be easy. I think that
we're back home and we've seen this, this not precedent, this pattern of teams going home up
3-1 and they're not able to close it out. The Bruins against Toronto, Vancouver, it happened
Vancouver against Nashville. It happened last night.
It happened to the Rangers the other night where I think that teams genuinely feel like we're home.
We already got three to one here, one more game, and teams, dude, they don't die easy.
This is second round of the Stanley Cup playoffs.
The hardest game to win is that fourth game.
Talk about a cliche, but I've been doing that for 500 episodes, so why stop now? I, I think that the Bruins had a ton of guts. They showed up specifically. It's the
Swayman show. We all know that if he doesn't stand on his head again, Florida is probably
winning game six. I think Florida is going to win game six, but the thing about Swayman is right now.
And that was a good, legitimate complaint about the goal that Bennett scored in game four was that Swayman has been making saves all playoffs that looked completely impossible.
So Bruins fans are like, he could have saved it.
He could save anything, this guy.
But McAvoy's showing up.
Swayman's showing up.
Now, another issue, though, for the Bruins.
These too many men on the ice penalties, guys.
Oh, my God.
What do they got, six?
Six.
I think six.
And then last year in the first round against Florida,
I think they had five or four.
But here's the thing.
As people have maybe gone on Monty, it's usually on the players.
I actually saw Merle's tweet it out.
It's like 95 of the time.
I don't know what Merle's number is.
Maybe 98.
It's the players, dude.
I got this guy. I got this guy. You got got this guy and then all of a sudden guys are losing their
mind and hop on the bench when they're not supposed to and so monty's the one sitting
there like i'm catching heat for this and i'm not even doing anything wrong i'm calling up
what line is next and you mutants can't figure out when to go so they got to figure that out
dude you can't be handing out a power place to Florida.
So Florida didn't have
what they needed, but then they picked it up.
Dude, they picked it up. Maurice gave it to him.
He knows how to push those buttons, and the
Bruins held on. That save at the end,
it didn't look that hard
on Reinhardt. Dude,
I know it doesn't look like
this incredible Bobrovsky
save against Sorelli or whoever, Dumba in the first round.
But it's because he's so perfectly positioned that he just slid over, didn't panic, took away the angle.
And he's got a guy with 57 goals this year or whatever who just has nothing to shoot at.
So he is so clutch.
Now, if the Bruins can get game six, I've always said game sevens are straight up crapshoots.
So, like, you can't go into game seven.
Florida's going to win.
I think it's more fair to say Florida's going to get game six.
If Boston wins, you're going to game seven as a Panthers fan with panic in your eyes.
You're tight ass butt cheeks, Biz.
I thought that Laviolette about that game five thing in order to close out up 3-1,
I think he said desperation is an emotion that you can't really tell the players about.
You have to feel it.
And like New York at home and like Florida at home, starting for the first 40 minutes,
they just didn't have it.
Like going even if we're going to hop over this quickly,
New York Rangers only had one high-end scoring chance the entire game at home
to close out a playoff series, and it was the Trouba two-on-one shorthanded.
Yeah, but don't go there yet.
We won't go there yet.
Let's go back.
Let's go back.
Going back to Swain and Save, though, that's an instant where the reverse VH,
because the guy's behind the net where that pass is coming,
that's when it makes sense.
Because that's how he was able to get that push
and go all the way over and then be in great position.
Now, some people said, I think it was Reinhardt who had the shot.
Yep. Yeah.
If he releases that maybe right away, there is a chance that goes in.
But that split second, he doesn't shoot it.
Swayman closes up any angle that he has to put that puck in the net.
And just going back to Florida,
you said that they turned it up.
I would say of the teams remaining in playoffs,
even more so than the top dogs for Edmonton,
because at least they can have a follow-up shift,
they kind of are like the abs now,
especially because now there's no one to chew skin,
where if they pick up steam,
they can roll out a few lines back to back to back to back.
You mean Dallas?
You mean Dallas though?
Buddy Dallas.
Colorado ain't rolling back to back shit right now.
I'm saying before they lost the two skin,
at least especially in that first round where they can gain that steam and
they could keep that momentum going.
Dallas is a little bit more methodical and how they defend.
And it's not like this
crazy amount of chances where I feel
like Florida is that team in the East where
they can just take over a game like
you saw in that third period where they just come at
you in waves because of the personnel
that they can put on the ice together. Now,
Montour obviously lugging a lot of those
minutes on the back end where, like
Fox and like Makar, the
play, if it goes to him, it doesn't die.
Something special is going to happen,
and he has that threatening shot.
So I expect Florida to go into Boston and close out,
especially with the preparation that Maurice is going to have
and going into that one.
So I don't know if there was any...
I had a couple other things about that game.
We almost witnessed the most obvious blatant pizza in the history of hockey
when Beecher threw it over to Alposo.
Do you remember that?
He literally passed it over to Kyle Alposo, and he somehow whiffed on it.
I think he was so shocked.
He gave him a legit one-on-one in front of the goalie.
It was the craziest pass of all time, and he just fumble-fucked it. They showed him on the bench after. He couldn him a legit one-on-one in front of the goalie. It was craziest pass of all time. And he
just fumble-fucked it. They showed him on the bench
after he couldn't believe it. But Beecher had
a couple of those plays where Swayman
bails him out. That time, he didn't even have to make a save.
But it was crazy. And Montgomery
on the bench? Hilarious.
I mean, those reactions.
He was like an award-winning
actor out there.
And I do think, as he mentioned after,
there is a little bit more embellishment and more diving.
Lundell got one last night.
And you're seeing guys, and he talked about throwing the head back.
That was his whole reenactment on the bench,
where there are guys that playoff time comes,
and you're just kind of, I mean, that doesn't really look like embellishment.
That looks like he's bending them over.
I don't know if that's really proving my point, like it. That looks like he's bending them over.
Proving my point, Fishy.
That looks like one of my riot dates.
You know.
After that Bennett goal, when Monty was arguing with the refs,
I got a DM from a listener.
He was actually screaming at them in French because the two referees are French and Monty's from Montreal.
You know, he gave the tab and the guy's like,
oh, he was calling the worst names in the book.
And I think I might have sent it to the group, he said.
So when you said silent like steel in the postgame presser,
he had already said his piece in French to all the referees.
I thought it was a pretty cool tip.
Obviously, there's a tabernacle there.
That's awesome.
Also, too, as far as McAvoy, amazingly,
he didn't have one shot on goal in the first four games.
I couldn't believe that.
I couldn't believe it either.
I didn't realize that none of the first four, but obviously
six last night. And as far as the
too many men on the ice, I sent the tweet out.
I said, they love this fucking penalty.
And people thought I meant the referees.
It's like, well, it's not the same refs all playoffs
for six games. I'm like, talking about the Bruins
fucking having it six times. Well, I know, but it was a vague tweet.
Yeah, but you can't. Your tweets are so vague.
I'm not done. Let me finish.
I'm an old fuck. 1979
in Boston history. Too many
men in the ice. It's part of the Boston
law, so it ties into that. That's why
it's like not just this playoffs. It's kind of
an old reference. I know young
hoppers don't know shit about things that didn't happen
that happened before they were born, so that was that.
Reinhardt, the only goal for Florida.
He has four goals in potential
clinching games. He's got four goals, one assist in eight games.
He has matched the total that his father had during his whole NHL career
in 15 potential clinching games.
I thought that was a pretty cool stat.
Yeah, and Piz, about people saying if Reinhardt one-timed that,
it's hard to second-guess a guy that's that much of a sniper.
I think he's thinking maybe I changed the angle briefly.
Fuck you.
I want to be a Monday quarterback.
He should have shot it right away. I know, I know, I know. You love. Fuck you. I want to be a Monday quarterback. He should have shot it right.
I know.
I know.
I know.
You love doing that shit.
What the fuck's he know about goals?
When we get to the Oilers series, I know a lot about your Monday quarterback.
Pull up my San Jose goal, knee drop.
One of my seven.
That's how we should have released it.
Sidney Crosby, baby.
Thanks to my buddy Ty Anderson with that McAvoy note.
Also, we got to talk about that whistle blowing.
When fucking Bob made that save, it didn't hit his mask.
It hit him in the shoulder.
They blew the whistle.
So that's it.
So that was another argument.
I think we can close out on this.
And Coop made the comment.
I think it was in one of his post-game press conferences.
He's been adamant about this, where sometimes they're calling the goaltender interference too light.
He's saying the goalies need to be able to fight through some of this stuff.
Prison rules, he said.
And in that case, that was horrible.
And even on the one where there was goalie interference,
where Oliver Ekman-Larsen kind of touched his stick,
and you see him just drop it and right away kind of throw up his hands.
That might have played a factor against him.
But nonetheless, that one was
total bs and what i don't think we ever got your thoughts on the marshall uh bennett face pop on
the reverse hit did you think he should have got suspended a game after seeing the reverse angle
a hundred percent and him going on tnt after and sitting there and blatantly just lying and looking like he truly believed the code line.
And if there was no other prior evidence of that about the nines last year, I might have been like, all right, yeah, I guess it was just unfortunate timing.
Buddy, we saw the exact play last year.
And then he's sitting there with his beard.
Buddy, we saw the exact play last year, and then he's sitting there with his beard.
Army's line about saying that it's like when you bring a serial killer in to find another serial killer,
how he found it is so fucking hilarious.
I was losing it at that.
But Bennett's just sitting there with his beard.
Yeah, just hogging play.
I was just trying to protect myself.
I'm like, this dude's a sick, sick puppy.
He really believes this, I think. But having said, Sam Bennett, rat, dirtbag.
I would do anything to have him on the Edmonds.
That guy is built to play in the playoffs. And once again, a reminder of Sam Bennett.
He couldn't do one pull-up at the draft combine,
and he got tortured for it.
And who gives a flying fuck when you play like that you think
that's what sparked him to be a serial killer i think he's i i'm guessing when you're that sick
in the head and you're that dirty and he'll do anything to win you've been like that since you
came out of the womb so i don't know man sometimes it's a pivotal moment and when he didn't do any
chin-ups and all the criticism maybe the maybe that something something went cuckoo in his head
and all of a sudden it's been cuckoo
for Coco Pus ever since.
The all-time way to find out
if you think a guy did
something on purpose or if something
should have been a penalty is right when it
happens, watch the reaction.
Watch the reaction because
Leon got away
with a ridiculous interference on
Joshua in the corner last night.
He just buried him.
Puck wasn't even near him.
And right away, he's going like this.
When players do that, they know they did something wrong.
And Bennett knew what he did.
And he sat there after.
And I was laughing watching your interview.
Because he's just like, no.
Did you see me dying laughing?
Because after that, then Liam had to ask him about the goalie interference.
And I basically have my face in my shirt.
And then after, he answered it good.
The first one about the pop on Marsha, he was stuttering and a little bit like choppy with his answer.
But by the end of it, he was pretty clear and concise.
And I couldn't help but be like, bro, you should be a fucking lawyer, man.
That was unreal self-defense right there.
But Ace said it to him i commend the fact that he didn't dodge the media and he came on right afterward and he answered the bell
so um i'm sure boston fans don't give a fuck but at the end of the day agreed with maurice on
teeing this up if marchand's back game six this could be a revenge game, and this is building up for incredible drama.
That's another take I have.
I want this to go to seven now.
I want this to go to seven.
Oh, me too.
We could get three seven-game series.
I think Dallas.
We deserve it after the first round, too.
But I think as Marshawn's changed in the last three, four seasons,
I feel like, and getting rid of the bullshit and just playing more,
and he became the captain.
I think he will take a ridiculous suspension on Bennett
before his career is done.
I don't think next year, I don't think it's going to happen game six
if he plays.
You'd think that Marshawn's going to allow that to go on.
Is he going to go PK Sluban?
A cross-check to the face.
Brad Marshawn is going to get him back i would
almost guarantee you that texas chainsaw massacre style hopefully he's back next game it'll be a lot
more interesting if he is but we do have a word from our sponsor right now all right everybody
before we move along here's a few words from our good friends over at game time you know me always
perusing the game time app might want to see a cheap baseball game down the street but you know
it's a good idea fly into another city go on game time boom get hooked up with some playoff tickets
you know why game time the official ticketing partner of bosco sports you do not have to worry
at all for your next big event because game time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets for all
the sports music comedy concerts theater events near you.
They got flash deals for sudden discounts.
Those are a doozy.
Zone deals when you're feeling a little flexible.
And the lowest price guarantee means that if you find the same seats for less or anywhere else,
Game Time credits you 110 of the difference.
Unreal.
Game Time is the best place for last-minute seats with up to 60 off your favorite events.
Just a little tip for you. Wait until the last couple days before you might get something cheaper in there too.
What are you waiting for?
I'm going to buy those Stones tickets for the 10th time
because I might see them 10 times that night.
Get them now.
Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app.
Create an account and use the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download the GameTime app.
Last minute tickets.
Lowest price.
Guaranteed. Times apply. Download the GameTime app. Last-minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.
Wild boys.
Crazy drama in Edmonton last night.
Evan Bouchard bailed the boys out.
Looks like they're going to go to overtime.
Edmonton trying to avoid a 1-3 hole.
39 seconds left.
Boom.
It was the fourth game-winning goal in Oilers' playoff history in the final minute of regulation.
And how about this?
Bouchard, third-fastest defenseman to reach 40 career playoff points behind
Brian Leach and Bob Ewell. That's some
pretty good company right there. But to me, Biz, the big story
I'll actually wait. You're the Oilers guy. The big
story, Calvin Picard, or Pickett, I think
they call him. Absolutely terrific.
First ever playoff start. Stopped 19 to 21
shots. Bunch of big ones.
32-year-old journeyman. I love these stories.
What's your take on the Oilers last night, buddy?
What an emotional game that was.
Oh, my God.
I was sitting there, and I'm just like, I can't believe this is happening.
And it was all about that power play they had in the third
with a bunch of chances to go up 3-0.
I knew it.
I was like, they got to score here.
They got to score here.
They had all these chances.
Seeloff's just playing out of his mind, making these ridiculous saves.
Sure as shit, they make it 2-1.
I'm like, they're going to tie this thing up 2-2.
I want it to puke.
And then a Vander Kane.
What a forecheck.
Just runs over Hronik.
We'll get into that.
But Calvin Picard, all right.
What a story.
I was so happy for him.
And the most gut-wrenching part of at least the American broadcast was when they tied it up. They just had, they, after the goal was scored, they showed his mom and dad watching live as it happened. And like the goal went in, his dad's like, oh, and his wife put, you know, Calvin's mom, she put his, her head on his, on his shoulder. They were just like, oh my God, our son, he's grinded his entire career. He gets a playoff start. He was going to get a win.
Now we're going to overtime.
And it didn't end up that way.
And it's an incredible story because, first off, R.A.,
I really agreed with you.
They had to go to him.
They had to go to him.
I didn't even care if it was Campbell.
Like, they had  Stuart Skinner right now has the yips.
I don't know what to say.
And I know in all my discussion about the depth and how much better Skinner's
been this year, I look like a fool.
Like they got no depth.
Fogle, 20 goal guy.
I don't know where he is.
Skinner is just, I don't know if it's being a hometown kid,
being from Edmonton,
but like something happens in the playoffs where he,
I don't know if it's nerves.
I don't know if it's technique.
I don't really understand, but he doesn't have it.
They had to make a change and they go to Picard.
And this kid's story is incredible.
I mean, it was like seven years ago.
He started like 45, 50 games for the Avalanche.
They were horrible that year, horrible,
but he's getting into his groove.
He's becoming a starting goalie.
And then that same spring, he went,
he went, wins the starting job
for Team Canada at the World Championships,
makes 41 saves in the gold
medal game against Henrik
Lundqvist, the king, gives up one goal.
They lose, but almost outduels
Lundqvist. There was an article in The Athletic
about this, actually. I'm sorry I don't have the writer's
name. I'll get that. I was
reading about it this morning because it was talking about
what he's been through to get here. So then
right, I was a starter this year. Granted
the abs were brutal. Then I went
save for save with Lundqvist in the
World Championships, almost won a gold medal.
Vegas picks him up in the expansion
draft and he's, you know, he's
excited, ready to go. Fleury and him are there.
They pick up Subban and they ended up
waiving him. He clears waivers right
before the season started in the inaugural Golden Knights year.
The year I said they'd be doormats for the league and went to the cup finals.
Yeah, I remember that one.
So Toronto ends up trading for him from the minors, but he ends up being basically the backup goalie for the Marlies as they go on to win the Calder Cup.
So he's not even starting in the minors.
From there, he goes to Philly, Arizona, Tucson,
Grand Rapids, Detroit, Bakersfield. Then this, this season begins the season. He's, he's going
to be in Bakersfield, right? He's he's down there. They got Campbell, they got Skinner and
Campbell shits the bed. They send him down. That was only supposed to be for a short amount of
time. The same way Sam's Samsonov. I don't know if he went to the minors, but they put them on
waivers, reset your game.
Well, Skinner was so, I mean, not Skinner,
excuse me, Picard was so solid,
he won 12 of 20 starts,
and he was only making, he's only making
760,000. So it's like, we got to keep
him up here. He's done a great job.
And all of that comes back to
that he's a great dude. These teammates
last night, these guys talking about how
happy they were for him.
Ekholm, Leon,
they're all just mentioning,
like, we just appreciate this guy
showing up in a good mood
every single day.
And those are the type of guys
you need around your rooms
a lot of time.
Guys who have been in the minors
and realize how good you have it
in the NHL
and appreciate their lives
and being in the best league
in the world.
Whether they're starting games or whether they're backing up, that kid's showing up
every day on the ice early, staying on late, and played good hockey at a 909 save percentage all
season for the Oilers. And boom, let's go to him. Skinner can't make a save. Let's go to him. And
he answers the bell in amazing fashion. And it was huge to get a couple saves early because as most of these games have gone, the Oilers,
they're controlling the play.
I mean, game three was ridiculous with how much they outshot them,
and you're getting goalied on the other side by the other third-string goalie.
It's third-string goalie on third-string goalie right now to start the season,
and Sheloves is just playing out of his mind.
And the Oilers, we finally got an answer. We finally had somebody where Pasha and I were texting. If the Oilers right now in this series had had like an 870 save percentage, they might have swept them. It's been not being able to get any key saves at any key moments. And Picard did that. And now we got a series. And all I needed to hear was the Monday episode I couldn't be a part of
when Biz said, yeah, Edmonton's done.
They can't come back and win this series.
I said, thank God.
Thank God he just said that.
Well, listen.
So not only changing goalies, also breaking up CeCe and Nurse.
They finally broke that pairing up, buddy.
They were getting throttled.
Right?
They were getting throttled.
And CeCe still, dude, last night was bad.
The two-on-one specialist?
He is struggling.
Dude, last night, high stick by Vancouver.
No, high stick by the Oilers.
And Vancouver's coming at him at his defensive blue line.
Just touched the puck.
He, like, didn't want to touch it to get a whistle.
He lets the Vancouver guy touch it and almost get around him.
Like, oh, my God, I feel bad, like, carving a guy.
And I said before the deadline because of how much CeCe means to the guys in that room.
Yeah, if you could get a big upgrade, if you get Walker from Philly, yeah.
But if it's going to be someone pretty close to CeCe's game,
why mess up with what's been going on with this magic?
He's been bad, dude, bad.
Yeah, so I was going to ask you about that.
You mentioned Fogle.
What's up with Fogle, McLeod?
Where is their secondary scoring?
Where is this somewhat of a decent, balanced attack?
Because right now it's a one-trick pony.
And listen, going back to the goalie situation too,
Skinner was obviously not playing well.
And sometimes there's an element to putting a new guy in to also spark
the team because Edmonton
as much as sometimes they've been
dominating usually it is the top
end guys and they can't get that
follow up shift from the other guys
what the fuck is going on with this
bottom six and then why don't they put
in Carrick? I don't know
why Carrick isn't in and Henrik
dude while he hasn't done a ton
offensively, he's a really solid
player. That's a tough loss, dude. That is a tough
loss. And I
think right now, the bottom six,
for sure, they're squeezing the stick.
But dude, McLeod has
jets. But is he a playoff
type player? Especially against Vancouver,
dude. This team, they are bullies.
And these big D, he can't they are bullies. And these big D like
he can't get to the inside and Fogle. I don't know, man, Fogle, at least he's physical and he's
bigger and like he gets in the mix, but he's making the worst decisions with the puck.
So then offensively, you're losing confidence because you can't even make plays in your own
zone. The Oilers board battles are brutal, dude.
Besides the top guys, like they're in one-on-one battles in the boards every time Vancouver's
coming out with it.
But having said all that Edmonton, they're not playing bad.
Like I, they could be up three, one in this series.
They really could.
And you're going to, yeah.
If you want a chance to move on and you want even a remote chance of
beating Dallas, it's got to change.
But I don't know right now if McLeod has the game to get inside these D-men and score goals in dirty areas.
I needed Knobloch to break up Leon and Connor.
And I didn't hate game two how they did that because that seems like a must win.
I know that phrase is overused, but it's like we can't go back down 2-0, put them together. Leon's not feeling that great possibly. And they took over the game. Fine.
Next game, go back to separating them. You're not doing anything in the long run of this season
with those two guys playing together, especially when you're getting nothing from the bottom six,
if you're getting goals from the bottom six, okay, we can do that. But when they don't,
when they don't play together also you can throw out
leon and connor occasionally with the fourth line and just do random mismatch i think merle's brought
that up um in terms of like just throw him out there especially at home but dude you separate
him and what am i saying about leon connor's the greatest in the world leon might be the greatest
playoff player on the planet i know grinnellnelli said McKinnon takes over games more.
If you're watching Dreisaitl right now, he is not only super skilled,
strong as an ox, skates like the wind and has vision, but he's a prick.
He is a cocky motherfucker.
Oh, him and Lindholm were going at it.
He gave a stick tap to Lindholm's shin pad,
skating to the bench for a celebration.
Like, that drives people nuts.
It was like what Trocek did to Ajo on that Lafreniere goal.
Like, that's when you want to kill someone.
Lindholm goes, I'm going to get you.
And then they panned to Leon, and he was the one they tried.
He's like, oh, yeah.
Oh, he goes, oh.
I did that to a bouncer one time.
My buddy reminded me.
We were in New York City.
The guy's like, table you want to get is 3,000.
I was like, oh. It was the the same reaction it was the same exact thing my buddy goes he just did the wit to
the bouncer move so leon is just taking over games but yeah you got to separate them and huge
huge goal huge goal what you have to do now okay because vog because Vogel, McLeod, and  what a shot this was, dude, posting in.
Ross McDavid, that's a bold move.
I know, but, dude, I kind of like it.
Like, I've got to fucking score a goal.
And how about the reaction of the assistant coach drawing a play?
Holy shit.
They were going crazy on the bench.
Leon was too.
And 30 seconds left, dude, in the period.
That's a big-time goal.
Huge goal.
Like, holy shit, this is a different ballgame.
Even though I knew they needed to get to three.
But McLeod, Fogle, and Perry, like, Perry, dude, Perry's going to be 40 years old soon.
He's giving it his all.
It's kind of like Pavelski where you're like, I don't know how much left in the tank.
I don't care.
As long as he's putting his stick in front of Besser's face.
I don't care if he can't.
I don't care if he's in a wheelchair out there.
That is so ridiculous.
Perry didn't.
I was laughing.
And I wish you could see Besser's face.
And by the way, behind that, Kane is like flipping JT Miller's helmet over his head
and like punching him when the ref isn't looking.
But Perry, McLeod, and Fogle right now.
Get Brown up with Mccleod and fogel put perry down with jan mark and um and uh derrick ryan and then at least brown has more
speed yes fogel and mcleod so maybe that could be an adjustment i don't know why carrick isn't
playing i especially against a physical vancouver team doesn't make much sense but i want to say
this because i said to the vancouver canucks fans at the beginning it's really hard to dislike you especially against a physical Vancouver team, doesn't make much sense. But I want to say this,
because I said to the Vancouver Canucks fans at the beginning,
it's really hard to dislike you guys now.
I'm being dead serious.
Your team is a lot better than I thought.
I totally overstepped in thinking how easy this series would be.
I do think that Knobloch was getting outcoached.
Last game, Knobloch had a great game.
He had a great game. The way he was throwing out coach last game knob block had a great game he had a great
game the way he was throwing out lines he separated them again he changed nurse and cc all of a sudden
nurse and day harney that looked real nice or was it nurse and um simple it's like the mcavoy
conversation it's like yeah nurse nurse sometimes he tries to play up to his salary where it's like
just make the simple play that's all we need from you. Don't worry about that.
Less is more from nurse.
And the more the game will come to him, the more efficient and effective he'll be in my
opinion.
So we've, we've spent quite a bit of time on Edmonton.
I think we can shift over to the Vancouver.
One more thing, because I wanted your opinion on it.
Sorry.
Oh yeah.
No problem.
You watched him play.
Why is Stetcher not getting in for CeCe?
I like Stetcher's game, dude.
Yeah, I like that.
He competes.
Try something.
Yeah, I would say that that would be
sometimes you don't want to rattle the back end
and give him the guys really like him, and he's been their guy all season.
But at this point, buddy, it's just like it comes down to your play.
And I would agree.
Next game, I would throw in Carrick and I would throw in Stetcher.
And people say, well, why would you change the winning lineup?
It's like you can't think like that in this instance.
There's no momentum in these series, dude.
Momentum doesn't exist game to game.
And there's going to be an added boost for Vancouver getting Soucy back.
So let's go to that play.
Do you think it warranted a one-game suspension?
Connor, it seemed like Soucy kind of pushed him away,
and that rattled Connor.
Connor came in with a tomahawk on his leg,
and then that's when Soucy followed up with a tomahawk,
Zdorov pushed from behind, and then sweet chin music to Connor's face.
Do you think that warranted a one game suspension?
Okay.
I have a sweatshirt and a hat on that says Oilers.
I do.
I understand the argument that it, that it doesn't.
Here's the thing.
People, the Canucks fans really brought up the two hander by McDavid.
He two handed him.
But if you watch, if you watch and people won't, at the end, he let up a little bit.
Yeah, he did.
Do you know what I'm saying, Biz?
He did.
It was full baseball. He knew what he was doing.
And then he was like, yes.
He kind of stopped.
And it's in padded area.
Dude, no doubt, penalty in the game.
And yes, Susie, his cross check was going to be right here.
It would not have hit him in the chin had Zdorov not come in.
But you're responsible for your stick.
And when it catches a guy right there.
Now, Zdorov's point, amazing quote.
This guy's a quote machine.
I see why Canucks fans love him.
Not just his play.
But him saying you've got to protect your investment, that's hilarious.
Play it.
Yeah, he is a big part of our team.
Obviously, it's a big loss for us.
My thought on that, I mean, I've been thinking for a couple days.
Fortunately, that's the world we're living in.
Sometimes, you know, social media and the public.
That's you he's talking about.
The news can create some hard decisions for specific people, you know,
and they might make questionable decisions at the end of the day.
That's how I look at it.
You know, at the end of the day, they have to protect their investment.
So that's my understanding.
Pay him.
Pay that man, Vancouver.
Oh, he's getting paid.
He's getting paid. Episode 419, if you want to hear more. Hey, here's the Vancouver. He's getting paid.
Episode 419, if you want to hear more.
Here's the thing. Here's his point.
If that's anyone but Connor or Leon, I don't think
it's a suspension. Agreed.
Maybe I'm
totally
speaking against myself there.
That means it shouldn't be, but
that's just every league dude you
get a superstar and and they they look at it like we can't allow that to happen but yes he didn't
mean to get him in the face he ends up getting him it's pretty bad i understood it i understood
i wouldn't have been shocked if it wasn't though i'll say that yeah i had no problem the refereeing
in this series complaining on both sides,
I think I could say fairly, like, both teams have gotten fucked.
I bet you both fan bases think that they're getting screwed more than the other.
I think there's been a bunch of missed calls on both sides.
Last night I mentioned the blatant interference where Leon just crushed Joshua in the corner with no puck.
They didn't call it.
blatant interference where Leon just crushed Joshua in the corner with no puck.
They didn't call it.
But then Lindholm dragged down McDavid in the second period,
like grabbed his arm and dragged him down as he was getting to a loose pocket.
There's missed calls on both sides.
So I understand the refereeing is going to be a huge discussion, but I don't think it's been as one-sided as either fan base believes.
Okay.
I don't think we need to go
too crazy on vancouver but the things that stand out that third line for them still be still is
their they're probably their most reliable line throughout the course of the entire playoffs
people might argue that you know jt miller and bester have done an excellent job but from a
catalyst standpoint and chewing up their matchups the gar Garland Lindholm and Joshua line have been absolutely incredible.
They're working their bag off every night.
And then obviously against the Oilers who haven't gotten that bottom six
production, they're getting eaten alive.
Some pretty strong quotes from talk after the game,
five or six guys, still passengers.
He's like,
I don't think these guys are aware that we're in the stanley cup
playoffs here's the quote here we can roll it it's he's calling out a few guys we need five or six
guys to get going here i mean it's the stanley cup playoffs i had some guys i don't know if they
thought it was the playoffs so we can't play with 12 guys um so we got to figure it out quick it's 2-2 obviously it's a tough one
Edmonton came to play they wanted it more early
the second goal at the end of the period was a killer
another couple of given mistakes and then the last goal so I mean it's just
can't do that so I guess let's go right to that last goal uh i think jt miller after the
game and his comments he took complete ownership for it uh you know just did a bit of a flyby left
the zone early he could have been underneath his guy pushed the defenseman off the line
and then all of a sudden that pucks out of the zone and they're living to fight another day
uh come overtime so uh not the best play but but a huge, huge shot from Bouchard.
And the biggest thing for me is Petey.
Pedersen hasn't done fuck all this series.
I don't even notice him.
I don't even notice him.
He's not moving his feet.
This guy's about to make 11 million starting next year,
and he's non-existent.
Like not taking a couple
games off he's basically been non-existent for uh every game except for maybe one in the nashville
series that he was solid for like the the sign of a good player is when he's not finding the
score sheet how is he finding a way to make impact in other areas this guy is not hitting anyone he's
not moving his feet.
He's not really winning his wall battles because he's like Bambi leg out there.
People think I'm trying to pick on him like Marner.
And there you go.
You just heard talk, say it after the game.
He's like, there's no way we beat the Edmonton Oilers if we have passengers, including one
of our highest paid guys.
I don't know what the fuck is going on with him.
I don't know if he's a mental midget at this point where he's in his own head
about his lack of production and how the end of his season gone.
I thought him getting the contract and,
and relieving all that stress component would have propelled him to,
to,
to get back to his old self,
but they have no chance of winning this series if they have him as a
passenger.
Cause he's kind of killing that line.
Like they're trying to move.
They're getting third line matchups too.
They're trying to move guys around and maybe change lines on the fly
over the course of the game to try to get him going.
Buddy, I'm not kidding you.
With the way that those two other guys have played since they've came in,
the big guys, one of them is Lindstrom, and the other one is,
I keep forgetting his name, Arkel?
Amin?
Amin?
Amin.
Amin.
Amin.
Yeah, Amin, yeah.
Healthy scratch PD.
Show that team that nobody's safe.
If you're playing like that and you're a passenger,
go up in the press box and have some popcorn for a game.
Their power play is so bad and he actually looks
decent on the power play, although their whole power
play stinks. It's more about the ripple
effect in the lineup. Would Talk
ever do that, Biz? Do you think Talk would ever
scratch him? If
you're going to do it, now's the time because you still
have the ability. Let's say you win
that game and then you shake him up.
Then you could reinsert him. If
you lose it, you're still in the series. I don't
think that anybody in Vancouver
would hold it against Toc
if he healthy scratched. I think they'd lose their
mind biz because I think a lot of them are
complaining that he doesn't have good enough line mates.
I think that's the sense
I get. I know. I'm not saying I agree
with it, but I hear a lot of that
online. He's not playing with good enough
players. Dude, you have to carry your own line. And's the thing Garland has been amazing I think I tweeted out in
the first game ago Garland's gonna be an issue he's got a motor buddy if Peterson can just look
at him and say and Garland's skilled I'm bigger than him I'm more skilled than him like I just
gotta work like him I just gotta work like that and and And I don't know if Pedersen's looking at it
like some fans are, like, I'm playing with these
two wingers, like, I should be playing up with
better players. Or if he's injured,
I don't know. But yeah,
I'm very confident the Oilers can win if he
continues to be this unnoticeable
in these games.
I don't know what to say.
One goal, three assists in ten games.
Fifteen shots on net in 10 games is brutal.
He's had two games with no shots,
three games with just one shot.
So, like I said, I don't know if he's dinged up or what,
but he's going to do something else, man.
Okay, can we say this about this series?
What amazing hockey, though.
Every single game is so...
Like, you're on the...
As a fan, I'm just...
It's uncomfortable watching the games you know it's
going to be close i think vancouver's now played eight straight one goal games yep so i guess
betting them plus one and a half is the biggest lock of all time right now it's probably like
minus 300 at this point but the the drama and and the excitement in these games and the finishes
game one's come back last night's comeback. Then the goal by Bouchard.
And that forecheck.
And Knobloch talked after that Kane was fresh.
He hadn't played much at the end of the game trying to hold on to that lead.
Let's get a fresh guy out.
Dude, he goes.
Roenick's a big guy.
Runs him over.
Then it looked like Zdorov had full control of the puck and kind of handcuffed Besser a little bit.
And I'm very glad we got the second review.
I saw Hockey Night in Canada going over because there was talk about Leon possibly high sticking the Besser flip out of the zone.
It looked from the first angle that I saw that it could have been.
There was another angle kind of behind the blue line.
It was right at his right at his shoulder.
Fine.
You're not going to call it.
So it wasn't it wasn't another referee, you know.
Yeah. Fuck up. And fan base can lose their mind about something.
But what a dish by Leon, just tough defensive zone coverage.
I actually think that's what JT Miller was talking about when he was mad at himself, talking about his stick not being in the lane and then not blocking that shot.
Right. But I think that he's not even in that situation if he is underneath his guy.
Originally, yeah.
Yeah, originally, right before when they keep it in.
He's that weak side guy.
When you're slash skating across, you don't blow the zone.
Obviously, Pasha was having a fucking field day in the group chat last night
thinking that what he's been saying all season long has validation
because he had won a couple bad shifts
when not taking a great penalty against Dreisaitl
and the fact that he blew the zone in that situation well the guy showing great leadership
took complete ownership for it after the game he made the mistake you got to stay beneath your guy
there the way you guys played because it seemed like you played pretty long the second and third
I mean I'm pretty upset with myself at the moment That was a pretty big play at the end of the game there.
That pass should have never got to Bouchard,
and it certainly shouldn't get past me.
So I already can't see anything.
So there you have it.
That's accountability. And luckily enough for the Oilers,
Sealoves probably should have had two of those three.
Leons hits him and squeezes through him,
and then Bouchard, yes, there's a screen,
but that went through his arm and his,
and his,
and his belly or side too.
So at least you're somewhat seeing like that guy giving up a couple of
goals because throughout these games,
he's making saves where you're like,
Oh my God,
he just made three,
10 bell saves in a row.
And,
and,
and luckily he's,
he's kept Vancouver in a lot of this,
but I think,
I think this is going seven.
I don't care who wins next game.
Yeah, it's been a hell of a series so far, boys,
but we do have another sponsor right now,
so time for a word from them right now.
All right, gang, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends over at Verizon.
With Verizon's fast, reliable network,
you can stream playoff games on the go or at home
and keep up with all the action.
Right now, playoff season, whether you like pucks, whether you like hoops, whatever,
Verizon has you covered, especially late night, some of the West Coast games.
You might have to do a little bit of work, got to be on the internet.
Boom, Verizon internet, you cannot beat it.
Plus, Verizon makes it easy to save on stream in the Stanley Cup playoffs, TV as well, of course.
And for a limited time, they're offering a great deal on the Disney bundle,
which includes Disney+, plus hulu and
espn plus you can stream select stanley cup playoff games including every game of the stanley
cup final on espn plus so visit verizon.com slash bastl to learn more
oh the only other thing we almost got another cornhole cam Oh. The only other guy we didn't talk about was Quinn Hughes,
who I feel has looked like maybe a little bit average this series.
Some people talked about last series about maybe a shoulder injury.
I just don't think he's had the same impact.
Like, yeah, some shifts he's able to take over and be the water bug,
but, I mean, Merles keeps harping on it, right?
If you want to be that number one D man, like, why isn't he out there,
especially without Susie in the lineup?
Why isn't he out there in the dying minute?
I understand having the size out front.
But maybe he can make a play on the wall there.
Yeah.
And talk it after a reporter said, what did you think about Quinn's game?
The reporter then said, seemed like he was a catalyst in the third.
And talk goes, yeah, he's working hard.
He was trying hard.
So knowing coaches like that's not,
that's not him thrilled with his game.
Cause you don't,
if you just say,
yeah,
he's trying hard.
That's,
that's a little bit of a shot.
Yeah.
So do washing machines.
Uh,
all right.
I think that pretty much wraps up Vancouver Edmonton,
man.
It's a great series so far, back and forth,
and off to Vancouver where they've been selling out Rogers Arena
even when they're on the road.
That's crazy.
What an incredible fan base.
It's been a doozy, but G's been knocking.
Yeah, guys, before we get to our next series,
I have someone who I know we said we were going to get to the guests at the end,
but this guy is just a superstar.
We can't make him wait too much longer.
Welcome in to Spitting Chicklets 500, Will Arnett.
Hey!
There he is!
What's up, boys?
Hey, Will, where's memes?
This is where I do my podcasts, yeah.
This is it.
Where is memes, by the way?
I know where he is.
He's in London, Ontario.
We know.
There he is.
There he is. He's in London, Ontario. We know. There he is. There he is.
The pride of London. My guy.
I would make a documentary
if you would make this movie.
One day we're going to do
an entire episode where memes
takes us through the night that we all
had dinner and he pitched me
the movie. It was one of the
all-time great conversations of all time.
But we'll save it for it.
We'll do a separate episode.
Boys, I was on here waiting to get on and I heard you guys talking about the playoffs
and I'm like, wait, am I wrong?
I thought the hockey season ended on May 4th.
Yeah, it did.
It did for you and Biz.
That's when it ended, right, Biz?
And I'm like, the fuck, they're still playing?
I thought the league just shut down the minute the Leafs were eliminated from playoffs. That's what it ended, right, Biz? And I'm like, the fuck, they're still playing? I thought the league just shut down the minute that the Leafs were eliminated from playoffs.
That's what I thought, too.
More of the show and more of the views go to all the postseason press conference and all the drama.
Now, instead of talking about playoffs, I guess we should hop right into that.
What are your feelings on how it all ended, and where do the Leafs go from here, Will?
You know what?
It'd be fun if this was the first time i've had to think about this uh but it's so depressing because
i've had i've been in this headspace so many times in my life i'm like oh yeah this familiar place
what do we now what do we do and i thought it was the goal song uh it wasn't that uh i will say not
a shot at you know know, I love Toronto.
I grew up there.
And, you know, we love all the people there.
And we do have, I mean, unreal Leaf fans.
You see it when they go on the road.
Leaf fans travel better than anybody.
But when I talked to you the other night, Biz,
and I was at that Rangers game, and I'm in Madison Square Garden,
and you see the electricity in that arena,
right?
You're in that, that rink and you're like, man, and I'm, and I'm thinking like, we need
this at Scotiabank.
We need that electricity because the player, you guys tell me you played, I didn't.
You feel that electricity, right?
If you got the whole barn going mental, like it.
Yeah. So I think that the issue is, is a lot of people think that there's too much coke in the lower bowl in toronto and they're doing it in the
that should make them jumpy though no no in fact it makes them turn into a shell of themselves and
they just get typewriter jaw and they sit in their seat it might be i remember you called it i remember
earlier this year when you called it the Yacht Club,
and then we talked about it, and I said, I don't think it's the Yacht Club because it's not all corporate.
First of all, my suggestion is we've got to do what Balmer's doing with that new arena he's doing for the Clippers,
which is do at least one whole section low of tickets that are priced like the upper decks, right?
And maybe one on either side like the upper decks. Right. And maybe, yeah, like, right. And have maybe one on
either side of the rink, like, so that you really infuse. So you got to infuse it or a row or two
per section, like spread it out. So get some, get some nut jobs down low who are psyched to be there
and they're going to go psycho all the time. And instead of when I watched, when I watched them, they, they cut to a shot of either the
Leafs bench or the, the visiting team bench.
And I see people talking or on their phone or having a nice, polite conversation.
You shouldn't be able to have a polite conversation when you're down low.
It should be soft game in a playoff game.
You should have to yell like at MSG.
You should be yelling going, what the fuck did you say?
Like you can't, you know what I mean?
Yes.
Yeah.
The level should be higher.
Now you mentioned the goal song.
So you've been requesting through Shani because you have an ambassador role with the team.
Thank you.
To change it to what song?
And throughout the course of playoffs, did they not go with what song you'd pick?
Well, you know, they alternated.
They alternated a little bit.
So they've been going back and forth. But I don't think, don't think that's the i don't it turns out it's not the
problem you know there are a lot of problems i heard you guys talking to get a song well you
gotta yeah i know well that's that's a wit that's a really good point and you know we're talking
about the canucks we're talking about the oilers and talking about various players who don't show
up they're not showing up.
Look, if you go back to those unreal series of the 90s,
when hockey was at its sort of 90s, early 2000s,
when you didn't have the rules that you have now.
A lot of rules are great.
Obviously, headshots and all that stuff.
We want to protect guys.
We want them to live healthy lives after they retire and not be staring at a wall drooling.
healthy lives after they retire and, you know, not be staring at a wall drooling.
But those series, you rarely heard about guys who didn't show up.
Everybody showed up.
It seems to me, now maybe I have like a revisionist memory of it, but it seems to me you watch those series and we all know the great ones,
like the Colorado Detroit series, all that stuff.
I mean, was there ever a guy who's out there
skating no everybody was going nuts every shift and now it's it's different some teams do have it
they seem to be successful but I don't know I don't know what it is we live in an era where
people are careful everybody makes a lot of dough and you know they feel really comfortable they all
drive really nice cars and they're more worried about their,
you know, the parking spot for their Lambo than, uh, then, then,
then showing up on the rink.
The whole reason you have the Lambo is because you did the job.
No, no, not at all.
I love what you're saying.
Like, that's the thing about me is like, and you're talking about those old
Leafs, like Wendell Clark and Doug Gilmore and the big dogs is like, at
least when they lost, you felt inspired. You felt like they'd left it all on the ice and that's what
I'm just not feeling from the Toronto Maple Leafs where if you're gonna if you're gonna threaten
them and and potentially sit out for 11 million bucks you better fucking show up and put your
nuts on the line if that's the case and the the fact that they got four guys doing it, it just can't, they can't live and exist like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, and listen, first of all, and I'm going to be really careful.
I will never call out a leaf.
I just won't do it.
It's in my, it's in my blood.
So I don't mean, I don't mean anyone in particular.
I love those guys.
I love those kids.
I think that they're all awesome.
I'm old enough that even Tavares is a kid to me.
And I think that those guys are awesome.
But I do think that there is, for whatever reason, something is conspiring to
and, again, I mean this across the league.
You were talking about certain guys, Pedersen on the Canucks.
There's lots of teams who have guys who aren't showing up.
And I think that there's maybe a bit of an epidemic league-wide, right?
Like there should never be  there should never, ever, ever be a conversation
after a playoff game like so-and-so is not showing up.
Like what the fuck are we even talking about?
Like that's just garbage, right?
Do you  after that, I mean, heartbreaking loss for the Leafs, the fans, Shani,
do you wait to text him after game seven?
Do you text him that night?
Like, how does it, cause you guys are so close.
It's kind of like, I gotta give him some space here.
Yeah.
I always, I, I usually give him about a seven, 10 days, uh, before we talk for real.
And, uh, we just kind of, and it's just unspoken.
Uh, luckily here, here's the best part.
So I w I went over to, uh, I was in was in Liverpool because, you know, my other sport is soccer that I love.
And I'm a big Liverpool supporter and I love Jurgen Klopp, the manager.
In fact, I think I told you my all-star speech that I gave to our little team.
Connor goes, hey, Will, you got a speech?
I go, yeah, yeah.
And I just took a bunch of quotes from Jurgen Klopp and I strung them together.
And they're all looking at me weird.
And the final one, I go, when I first came to Dortmund.
And they're all like, what?
Except for Dreisaitl, he loved it because he's German, eh?
So I did, for real.
By the way, the other side of the locker room, you hear Sid go,
say, Will, we're getting pretty inspired over here too, buddy.
But so I go over to Liverpool for his second-to-last home game,
and I know him a little bit, say hi. And so and, uh, so that night, May 4th is my birthday, right? So the Leafs are playing that game on my birthday and it doesn't start till like 1230 England, you know, in England. So it's actually technically May 5th. Thank God it takes the pressure off me. It's not my fault.
May 5th. Thank God it takes the pressure on me, off me. It's not my fault. And I make the decision. I'm like, I'm super tired. I got this big game the next day I got go to live. And I thought,
I'm not going to, I'm not going to go nuts on the line and try to find it. And I went to bed and I
thought, here's my thinking. I'm either going to wake up super psyched or I'm going to wake up and
I'm not going to have to have gone through the misery. And it was the bet. One of the better
decisions. I made a lot of terrible decisions.
This is one of the better decisions I've ever made.
I love it.
Yeah.
Who's your, uh, who's your all time favorite leaf and have you met them all?
So, so my all time favorite, I mean, there's no question.
He knows that everybody it's Wendell.
Uh, and that weekend, did I, I told you, had I, did I talk to you guys after I met him
for the first time?
No. Uh, and that weekend, did I, I told you, had I, did I talk to you guys after I met him for the first time?
No.
So one of the times I saw, I can't, I forget what it was, but one of the times that I saw you in the elevator biz, but after definitely I'd seen you the night after I'd seen you guys on, on stage, I'm in the elevator.
I've never met him before.
There were a bunch of times where I was going to meet him and it didn't happen. I was going to go to that when they played the big house against the Red Wings years ago, all that kind of stuff. And it never happened. So I'm in the elevator with my dad and my buddy
Kutch from Calgary is hanging with me. And all of a sudden the doors open and Wendell comes in
and I'm like, what the fuck? Right. And I'm just like speechless. And he's, and he just turned
and he's standing in front of me with his back to me. And they start talking. Chris King is in there.
He starts talking to Chris King.
And I'm like, I'm looking at my dad.
My dad looks at me.
And Wendell's wife looks at me.
And then she just taps Wendell on the shoulder and he turns around.
And I was like, hey.
And then we hugged out.
We got off.
Yeah, we talked.
And I, yeah, I mean, talk about a gamer.
Like that guy, there's never a game, you know, in the playoffs.
That guy showed up like to, he was so mad if he lost, right?
Like, I just think about all those great games, all the, you know,
obviously 92, 93 against the Kings, that final goal in game six
that put it into overtime, he skated off the bench.
If you remember, he didn't even break.
He, they, they had a shift.
They had the puck in the king's zone and he
literally comes off the bench keeps skating uh takes a pass and you know wrists it in it was
just like that's the kind of guy he was like oh you you need someone to score put me on i'm gonna
score right now i love yeah old school wendell highlight he did it all too man he could chuck
both ways he was just a a true western leaguer through and through. Did you play growing up?
I did. Nothing great.
I wasn't, you know, I banged around,
but I played until I was like 13,
and I was a goalie,
which makes sense. It makes sense
now, right? Yeah, you nut job.
Yeah, it makes sense.
Well, do you have like a side piece team when
Toronto gets out? Is there someone else you might root for?
Yeah, so I was in, the other night I was in New York, and so I went to Madison Square Garden
because I lived in New York for over 20 years,
so I'd go to a lot of Rangers games.
So I will go support the Rangers once the Leafs are out for sure.
Well, it's been nice having you, Will.
Oh, no.
Hey, they started booing their team, though,
because that was the game where they couldn't close out.
In the third period, they laid a massive egg,
and you were there with Wayne, right?
Yeah, I was there with Wayne.
By the way, so I tell Wayne, you guys, I can say this, hey, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
I was just texting with Biz because I'm going to go and do the podcast with him.
He goes, you tell him that I'm pretty offended that he didn't ask me.
So I texted him and he's like, I don't want to bug him.
I bug him all the time.
People are asking him for shit all the time.
So I tell him that we're laughing.
He goes, let's call him.
So I FaceTime Biz and then Wayne just falls in right behind me.
That's how Biz knows he's made it, dude.
He's got you and Gretz FaceTiming him and he's just sitting there smoking weed,
yelling about Bruins fans.
He won't even
answer my text now. He's so upset that
I didn't give him the initial invite.
I know. I think he's legit mad.
Will, I got
such a kick out of your podcast.
You were telling us the story. It's with Sean Hayes
and Jason Bateman. So for anyone on the
chat or listening who doesn't know,
can you explain to everyone how you go about
and the guests that you guys get, like your whole deal you do i love it smartless smartless uh yeah we started
it four years ago it during covid and we were just like what are we going to do so we came up with
this idea that like if we one of us has a guest and the other two don't know who it is first of
all the great thing is the other two don't have to prep, right? So it's built in genius already.
For lazy guys, it's perfect.
And then the one guy gets prepped and he asks the question and stuff.
But actually what ends up happening is you have more of a conversation like this,
where we don't have actual, like we're just kind of going on the fly,
usually a better way to do it.
And so we started doing it.
And because it was COVID, everybody was home.
So everybody was available.
So we started calling, first of all, a lot of people we know, a lot of our friends, people who
are other actors or performers or whatever. And once that took off, other people were like, well,
I guess I'll do it too. So we ended up, we've ended up having like lots of pretty awesome guests
and we've had everything from, uh, from scientists to news people to a couple weeks ago we had uh biden clinton and obama on the same time all three presidents whoa yeah the six
of us just sat around and uh and chit chatted um we just had our our 200th episode with um
marty short and steve martin did it together we'd already had marty on a couple years ago
the two of them just r.as got a boner right now.
Those are all your throwbacks, right, R.A.?
Oh, that synchronized swimming?
Well, like, I'm not a strong swimmer.
That is all-time Saturday Night Live segment.
Dude, he is.
Marty, well, first of all, Steve Martin, obviously, is just a legend.
Like, he's one of those guys to me.
And then Marty Short is the funniest person you'll ever talk to.
And I feel like he doesn't get the just dude that he deserves. one of those guys to me. And then Marty short is the funniest person you'll ever talk to. And,
and I feel like he,
he doesn't get the just dude that he deserves.
He's so fricking funny.
That dude,
if you ever watched that movie,
Clifford,
is it Clifford?
Whatever the one with that Charles Grodin,
we have Grodin where he plays a little kid.
Yeah.
He plays a 12 year old.
And there's a scene in there where Grodin goes,
can you just be a normal,
can you just look at me like a normal boy?
And Marty Short goes, unreal, unreal.
Meeting all these, uh, these famous people in
Hollywood, were you intimidated early on?
Like just being a Canadian boy, like all of a
sudden being thrown in the mix?
Well, for sure.
I mean, it happened really gradually.
Like, like I, I spent years starving and whatever.
And then you start meeting more people or working with people and you're like,
oh man, yeah, definite like pinch yourself moments.
But I'm still, because I am such a Canadian kid, what I get really knocked
out about is, is hockey players, athletes in general, but, but hockey players
really knocked me out.
So like when I went to the Olympics in 2010, I went with Shani and he was working at the league at the time. And, um, I drove him nuts
because we were, we'd be going to all these events. He did that, that, that, that ring of
gold or whatever. Cause it was, you know, if you've won a Stanley cup world championship
and Olympic gold. And at that time, there were only like 22 guys who had had it. They did this
big ceremony. Meanwhile, I just keep going like, Shani, there were only like 22 guys who had had it. They did this big ceremony.
Meanwhile, I just keep going like,
Shani, there's Matt Sundin.
Start a conversation with Matt Sundin.
He's like, come on, man.
I go, just say hi to him or something.
You're like a seeker.
Yeah. And he goes, hey, Matt.
So I go, oh, hey, man.
How are you?
You know what I mean?
Just annoying him.
I'm his annoying friend, you know?
But it's pretty, it's, yeah, again, like again, all-star game.
So I met Wendell and I was going to say this before.
And then I met Dougie Gilmore down in the, I go down to get in the car underneath and there's Dougie talking to Wayne.
And I go to, I mean, Doug Gilmore was like, he's a pretty close second there for me.
Like he's just unreal killer. I have a, a buddy of mine got his friend who's an artist.
He did a charcoal drawing of, of Doug Gilmore that I have that my son has hanging in his room,
like a one-off, like that's, that's how it, you know, so, and then I've got to have moments like
where I got to, you know, because I got to know Wayne a little bit over the years and doing the
show and et cetera, et cetera, like sitting there waiting for the car and then go, Wayne, have you, Wayne, have you ever met my dad?
Like I get to say that, like that was as a kid from Toronto, like that's not, the novelty
is not, has not worn off.
It's massive, man.
And then he's super nice.
And he's always, you know, Mr. Arnett, nice to meet you.
Like just a month, get in the car.
And my dad's, you know, going to be 86 and he's like, holy geez, Willie, like that's, you know.
Well, hey, we, we appreciate you coming.
What do you have going on in the pipeline right
now?
Any, any movies coming out?
What's.
Yeah, we start, well, right now we're just
working on the script.
We start shooting this movie in the fall.
Jason Bajoran?
Jason Bajoran, which is memesoran, which is Memes' movie,
which again, we're going to do its own
episode.
Put that on the books, okay?
But we had
exactly. We're doing
this movie that I wrote that
we start shooting in the fall in New York.
It's me and Bradley Cooper directing
and me and Laura Dern.
That's a big be really fun.
That's a big dog right there.
Laura Dern, great actress.
We're a few months out from that.
It's about to happen.
Laura is just looking for that invite to the premiere right now.
Did he do the extras?
Weren't you an extra
in the movie The Departed?
No.
Was that just a troll? He just told us 57,000 Weren't you an extra in the movie The Departed? No. You don't know that, Biz?
Was that just a troll?
No.
You just told us 57,000 times.
First of all, Biz, as you must know, and I'll say it for you, it's not The Departed.
It's The Departed.
The Departed.
The Garden and The Departed.
I didn't get called for The Departed.
I got called for The Town, though.
Did you?
And I got called for Shutter Island.
Yeah. You wouldn't know it was me. It's called for The Town, though. Did you? Yeah.
You wouldn't know it was me.
It's like a fat white blob in the background of a mirror.
But Entertainment Tonight had an on-set photo, which you can clearly see it's me.
So they kind of bailed me out there.
Did that come through Phil Barano?
No, I just went to the catapult.
I know his brother, Brian Weld.
Oh, you do?
Yeah. Boston's the best. Everybody knows everybody. It's so good. know his brother, Brian. Oh, you do? Yeah.
Boston's the best.
Everybody knows.
It's so good.
17 of us, yeah.
You know the scene with Jon Hamm when he's the cop and he goes in to talk to the junkie, Blake Lively,
in that little bar in the town?
Yeah.
R.A.'s the cook in the background.
Come on.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
The last time he cooked for himself was that scene.
Not in a microwave.
You see like a white blob.
It's like meatballs and a t-shirt apron in between them,
but it's the reflection of the mirror from the corner of the bar.
So, hey, it's one of my claims to fame, I guess.
Did you say anything to Blake Lively?
Did you say what's up?
No.
I'm not even on the call sheet.
No, you just don't get close there.
You got any futures on the NHL?
I want to hear mine.
She is an absolute knockout.
She's smart.
You're being a creep.
It was a great experience, man.
I hope to do it many more times.
Have you ever had a
make-out scene in a movie?
How awkward is that if you're married
and the other person's married
yeah a few times a few times it's it's a weird thing like i did uh you just have to yeah it's
very odd it's very very odd and it's so you have to have a conversation beforehand yeah yeah and
it feels you do and it feels like kind of mechanical you know what i mean because you're
just kind of doing it for the thing. And the last time I did it was
I can't, when I did this movie
Next Goal Wins, my buddy, this guy
Taika Waititi did, it was about this soccer team
that, you know, couldn't, American Samoa
whatever. So I have this scene at the end
and it was me and
Elizabeth Moss, who I've known for a long time
who's awesome.
And there's this
she, remember from Mad Men and everything, she's incredible. She there's this there's this she remember from madman and everything
she's incredible yeah she's incredible handmaid's tale she's just unreal but the camera comes on
it's everybody's celebrating and she and i are playing uh like we're a couple and she goes
there were so many she goes um i guess when it came should we just i guess should we kiss
and i go yeah i guess we should so all right all right. Yeah. Okay. And then, you know, and we just give it, and then that's it.
Like, it's just like a very, like, you know, it's business.
You know what I mean?
You throw the tongue in there?
No, no, no.
You talk about the tongue?
No, just a peck?
No.
Just a little peck?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it was an honor and a pleasure to have you here for our 500th show, man.
Thank you, Will.
I don't know what it'll be.
By the way, congratulations to you guys on 500.
That is awesome.
You guys, honestly, you guys rock.
You guys are hilarious and on it and honest and great.
So congrats.
Last thing, who's your cup pick?
Who do you like moving forward here?
It's a tough one. I don't know. I don't know who gets out of uh edmonton vancouver i mean it's such a toss-up right now um but uh i'd like to see like edmonton rangers would be a really fun
flannel that would be happy right it would be pretty pretty sick so i think the rangers
have it i I think that
they're going to regroup after, uh, the other night and, uh, they're going to come out and
close it out. And, but again, Florida, like my dad says to me, you know, after the, he goes,
you know, I feel like even though we lost to the Bruins, he's like, I don't think we could
have beat the Panthers anyway. So like, you know, Florida is pretty tough, man. I mean, you know,
they can, they can turn it on and then you're there. You're just absolutely gone. So like, you know, Florida is pretty tough, man. I mean, you know, they can,
they can turn it on and then you're there. You're just absolutely gone. So I don't know. It's a tough one. I don't, I don't really have a pick. All right. Thank you so much for joining us.
Looking forward to writing the script with you for Jason Bjorn and, uh,
I should say, and we'll see you soon, buddy. And best of luck with everything moving forward.
Fantastic. Thank you, boys.
Congrats.
Thanks a bunch.
Thanks, Will.
That was awesome.
Huge surprise.
Guys, real quick.
I know we said no more guests.
I have one guy, and he's on top of his donkey, Fanny.
So I have to bring him in.
He only has a few minutes.
Welcome Tom Green to the show.
Hey!
Wow!
This is a throwback.
Guys, how are you? Whoa, how you doing there, bud? that's fanny how's it going good congratulations on your 500 is it 5 000th or 500 500 feels like 5 000 500 okay god i thought maybe it was the 5 000 because you guys
are like an institution in this country. Love you guys.
Good to see you.
Congratulations.
We're so honored that you were able to join us, Tom.
Well, absolutely.
I'm here.
You know, since I think I was last on the show, I moved back to Canada, right?
So here I am.
This is Fanny, and we're streaming live here from the farm, eh?
Getting her done.
What are in all those packs on Fanny?
What's on Fanny right now, those bags?
What are those full of?
Well, I'm about to head out into the great blue yonder there, eh?
We're going on a little adventure today.
So it's pretty much all rugged wilderness terrain around here for millions and millions of acres of black bear infested, wolf infested forest.
So I got to have my lunch and certain supplies, you know, self-defense items, et cetera, et cetera.
Self-defense items, et cetera, et cetera.
So, you know, video camera, you know, because I've got to stream everything on Instagram because I'm a 53-year-old
man, and that's what 53-year-old men do in 2024 is they stream themselves on
Instagram riding their horse through the woods.
Does your dog go with you on these excursions?
Yeah.
Hey, Charlie, come here.
Charlie, come.
Oh, yeah, he's a beauty dog
charlie come here come come this is unbelievable
yeah come on charlie come on what a good puppy
biz nasty and the boys they're over at spitting chiclets there right hey charlie
hey and uh tom on this farm do you grow
your own vegetables and fruits and stuff or you just kind of keep it uh who are you calling a
fruit um what no radishes mostly just radishes okay what what province are you in tom i uh well
you know what i'm in manitoba actually yeah Yeah. Northern Manitoba up near Flynn Flon.
Wow. No shit, huh? Like when you go,
did you carry a piece on you when you go out in the woods like that?
What's that?
You carry it like a piece, like a gun.
When you go in the woods like that, cause all the animals.
Well, you know, I, uh, I don't like to talk about fight club, uh,
when we're not at the fight club, you know?
Have you been watching any of the Stanley Cup playoffs?
And if so, who's your pick, Tom?
Who do you got going forward?
Well, is Ottawa still in it?
No, no, they're done.
You know, I'm not even really following it, to be honest with you.
I am ashamed to say.
I'm always rooting for ottawa
and then after that it's it's any canadian team and then after that it's the phoenix coyotes all
the way just the phoenix coyotes because that's your team right biz nasty you're so right you
know what you know what i was thinking if they would have been wearing neck guards like you did
i think that they could have stayed in arizona i think they would have made playoffs they would
have made a little bit more money because of the protection around
their neck.
Much like you had growing up with the big.
Oh yeah.
I was there the first year of the neck guard,
the neck guard craze,
you know,
and it's amazing.
You know,
people treated it like,
like it was COVID-19 or something like that.
They didn't want to wear the mask. They didn't want to wear the mask.
They didn't want to wear the neck guard.
They alienated you because of your neck brace?
The controversy when people ask us to strap stuff on our faces and our necks, huh?
I don't want to get into politics.
I don't want to get into politics.
It's going to get heated in the comments section.
Oh, it's already there.
It's already there. Why didn't you step up with all the money you made into hollywood and buy part of the ottawa senators
you know i uh i blew it all i blew all the cash on on this mule and uh and so unfortunately uh
i didn't have that snoop doggie dog ryan rey Reynolds cash floating around to go in and do that,
but that would have been fun.
You know, I'm not sure if I'm really cut out to be a hockey owner.
It seems like it would be fun, but maybe if I work a little harder,
maybe next year I'll be able to buy a hockey team.
Maybe if we end up buying a team and maybe we'll get you involved,
could you sing the anthem for us one game?
Absolutely, of course.
I'd love to do that.
I'll do it.
I'll bring a guitar and I'll do it.
I'll do that for you.
You don't have that money from my bum is on your lips?
You blew all that cash?
I just sort of ate through all that Freddie got fingered money pretty quick.
Oh, man.
You know, I'm doing okay.
I actually have a new show coming out this year on Amazon Prime.
It's called Tom Green Country.
It's about me moving to this farm.
And then I've got a tour and doing stand-up.
So I'm actually doing all right.
I don't have hockey team money, but, know i got a mule i got a mule
this is fanny by the way she's not a horse she's a mule
i love it i can't wait to see that show tom thank you for coming on good luck on your quest
guys and uh you know congratulations uh i appreciate it you know i say this every time
i'm on the show but i remember uh I was doing stand-up in Arizona probably,
I don't know if it was 15 years ago.
And was it 10, 15 years ago, Paul?
And you guys came down to the show,
and we ended up hitting some clubs in Scottsdale that night.
I think it was a game night too, which was impressive.
We ended up at Wayne Gretzky's place that he kept.
All of his, all of his kids were going to ASU at the time.
And he showed up to the after hours and he got on the guitar and he was
playing the piano a little bit too. And, and then we eventually,
well, I went and saw you do standup. You were incredible.
And then we actually bumped into you when we were in Nashville on a road trip. That's when
you got to meet Adrian Acoin and the rest
of the Coyotes guys.
We befriended each other and have been friends ever since,
buddy. You're a class act,
a Canadian icon, and we're so
grateful for the fact you were able to stop by
and make episode 500 so special,
man. We love you.
Congratulations on all your success.
Look forward to that new show
coming out man you're a legend thanks paul biz nasty biz nasty 2.0 i love it this is biz nasty
3.0 now i guess right congrats guys uh the cleaner version buddy thanks so much oh man
absolute character another great guy that guy is a funny bastard the way he's so funny oh my god
he's like i can only join now and I'm on my donkey fanny.
So I'm like, all right, boys, I'm sorry.
I got to put him through.
I got to put him through.
Well, we appreciate you people in the chat who are here for all the hockey talk,
but we want to bring by some special guests for 500,
and I'm sure you guys love it.
Where were we going to go to next for what series?
Next, we actually have a word from our sponsor, Paul.
Okay.
All right, guys, before we go any farther, go to next for what series uh next we actually have a word from our sponsor paul okay all right
guys before we go any farther i want to talk to you about our good friends at g4 and in particularly
the gallivan tour start golf season off right and get to g4 right now right now it's the premier
destination for all things golf and their new tourney capsule is jam-packed with shoes in seasonal shades of green
and they're seriously a style for any type of player. Everything from the classic Galavant
Tour G-Lock with replacement soft spikes to the new sleek Galavant Tour and it's all available
and all of them kick ass in the comfort department. Your feet for real will feel like they're getting
a massage. Rock yours at all the big tournaments this year, and we'll see you out there. Check out G4's 2024
tourney collection, and don't forget to visit g4.com slash chicklets. That's g-f-o-r-e.com
slash chicklets for 10 off your first order.
Look at these bad boys.
Can't beat them.
Is Biz Stradamus back here or what?
Biz, you said Carolina might be the team that can come back from down 3-0.
Well, they have forced a game six.
They put another four spot on the Rangers.
They had that great MSG crowd boom.
We just said that is absolutely brutal.
But Carolina looking to become the 10th team to force a game seven after being down 0-3.
We'll see what happens there.
Biz, are they going to do it?
Obviously, you got two for two so far.
I'm assuming you're confident they all played in both games.
Yeah, so special teams and goaltending was the story earlier in this series, right?
Carolina was brutal on the power play, taking way too many penalties, taking the flow
out of their own game because five on five boys, I think that they're the better team in this series,
but we didn't see that the first three games. So I'm telling you, man, if they're able to stay
disciplined, going back home to Carolina, I think all the pressures on New York to try to close this
thing out. The fact that they laid that big of an egg at home was shocking to me,
especially how they played throughout the entire playoffs.
Boys, one high-danger scoring chance through 60 minutes of play
at home to close out a playoff series.
Who had it?
Trouba.
That's the craziest part about all of it.
He ends up sniping to put them up 1-0,
and then everything imploded
in the third period. I don't think we're going to be able to show the video, but we'll be breaking
it down on TNT because we got their game tomorrow. The first one, I think it was Roslevic who just
drives by. And then on the stall goal, brutal, brutal coverage where he could have just went
and finished the hit, killed the playoff, and they would have lived to fight another day.
So an awful play there.
And then that's the stall goal.
That was a huge rush by stall.
He ends up using that reach, getting past the defender,
slide one by Shesterkin.
But it was the next one that shocked me even the most is Panarin
was in perfect position going back on the back check.
Kuzi was behind him.
And then next thing you know, he just lets Kuzi blow right by him.
It's like a POP rebound off the pad
and then knee drop right to the back of the net
and to the call, call, right into the corner.
And then boom, right after that,
I think all the goals happened in a four-minute span
where it was them on the forecheck
and then Martinuk gets that third and insurance policy towards the end of the
game, where after that, you knew Carolina had it locked up.
And that was the one where you're like, Hey,
if they can keep getting bodies in front of Shusterkin,
because you saw it even the game before when stall was in front of them,
when Mason had the one, it's all about the traffic.
If you go back to every goal scored this playoffs,
I think right now Shosturkin, he's been incredible.
Don't get me wrong.
He's the reason why they're in the situation they're in
among a few other things like Panarin and Trochek.
But with goalies, with screens and or tips,
he has the worst save percentage in all of playoffs.
So if you get bodies in front and you get a stick on it,
you're in good shape with Shusterkin.
So if they stay five on five and they keep getting that traffic,
mark my words, boys, this is a team that could come back
because they're an incredible five-on-five team, as we know.
And the deeper this goes, Carolina doesn't rely on one or two lines.
They can roll four.
So all of a sudden,
those top guys stay a little bit fresher than New York's top guys. They're better five on five,
and they can rely on those bottom matchups. And the back end, they have seemed to figure things
out. Burns has been a lot better. Slavin's been a lot better. They might even get Pesci for game
six as well. Apparently, he practiced today with a contact jersey on.
So look out.
I don't think that Tony D'Angelo has played that bad in his filling in in that role.
But I think that he's a completely different player.
He's better defensively.
He's better at closing on guys on that man-on-man defense.
And buddy, I'm telling you, Carolina at home, that crowd's going to bring it,
and it's going to be a very, very entertaining game.
I don't know what you guys think about the rest of it,
but if Anderson's solid like he was in game six,
I know he didn't have a ton of chances come his way,
but overall, I'm liking Carolina right now, boys.
I was really impressed with the special teams was a disaster.
But then game four, Carolina, two penalties. Game five, they got three penalties. I was really impressed with the special teams was a disaster.
But then game four, Carolina, two penalties.
Game five, they got three penalties.
One of them was a puck over the glass.
I think Kuznetsov did it, though.
So they're realizing, all right, we pretty much can't take penalties because not only are they not scoring,
well, Shea got that huge goal in game four,
but they're giving up more chances shorthanded
than the Rangers get any other way.
So it's like, we just can't, we can't take penalties. And for two games now, they've done
a good job. If you get two and three, that's fine. You could deal with that. It's the games you get
in five or six. At some point, even if the Rangers don't score, it's momentum. So they figured out a
way to stay out of the box. And now, now I don't think momentum goes from
game to game. I really don't. But being home in a must win game again, after looking like your
season was done, the fans, they're just like, oh my God, we didn't even know if we'd see you back.
We knew we'd get game four. That might've been it. No, we're getting a game six.
I think this is going seven. It's all about Shusterkin though, because he has these ability,
this ability to steal the game. He gave up four for the first time in like 30 starts and then it was three last
game they got an empty netter for their fourth one to make it four one but if he dials it in
that's that's the worry for the hurricanes is if they don't get traffic he's saving everything so
if they can continue this we get a game seven where anything can happen. Like we're talking with Florida, Boston.
But the Rangers, man, shocking, as you said, Biz, to show up at home.
My buddy was at the game, sent me the pregame video of them getting on the ice,
places going bananas, and then nothing.
Crickets.
And even with the poor play, they got a one-nothing lead going into the third.
Let's close this thing out.
And they just get crushed in the third period
with the chance to move on to the conference finals shocking and i think they were getting
booed at home yeah that's kind of i mean that they at that point they were what seven and one in the
playoffs so gazey fans yeah i don't know i don't think i agree with the booing but laviolette was
he was disgusted after because you'd look you'd think
that after the second all right guys we have nothing like we've been shit and somehow we're
winning because it's just irk and let's at least have 20 minutes dude end this series we can hold
we're not even tied just hold on to this lead boom boom boom three five on five goals four
including the empty netter i guess but it was it was shocking to see that effort I I thought
at least in the third period they'd figure it out and nothing and then of course the Fugazi fans
all over Trouba because he said something in the post game like well you know you don't expect to
win them all where they took that quote and they ran all right what do you make of the fans booing
them at home like they've been great all playoffs. Obviously not the best effort, but to send
them off to Carolina getting booed
at home, now all of a sudden if Carolina
wins in six and they come back home,
that's fucking, I don't know, man.
Absolutely fucking pathetic.
Absolutely fucking pathetic. Your team won their
first seven games of the playoffs.
They lose the first game at home and you fucking
boo them because they can't close the fucking...
Yes! Get the fuck out of here, Ranger fans.
Fucking clean it up.
You're supposed to be your fucking original six.
No better.
You're booing your team.
They lost their first game of the playoffs.
Now I'm fucking doubling down on Carolina.
I might put a fucking dime on the next game.
Weren't Bruins fans booing the Bruins?
No, they were just chanting, shoot the puck.
That's it.
No boos.
Oh, that might be worse than a boo.
I know it sounds embarrassing, but if you were in the pond
that night, it was wholly justified.
They were probably yelling it at McAvoy.
He didn't have any shots in the first four games
of the series. What the fuck do you expect them to do?
Oh, I'm glad
I just remembered this.
What the fuck are they
doing putting Hedl into this series, series dude young kid and this has nothing to
do with like what where this series is at just for this kid's health like all these concussions
all this time off since november you throw him in and now i really hope he's not concussed i mean
they said he didn't feel good but it's like i i just don't see that. They were up 2-0 when they threw him in.
And then this kid, that made no sense to me.
But now, has Rempe, like, let's get Rempe in the mix a little bit more.
I know it sounds ridiculous because he's not really scoring goals. But maybe he'll run some people over and do something.
You wouldn't even hate as a Rangers fan to see him take a suspension in Game 6.
Yeah, I mean, he played 6-0-1.
No, it's not.
It's not. I felt when he was in the lineup, things became a little bit unhinged on both sides and it led to more power plays,
which would lead to me to, to maybe insert him in the lineup. The only thing is I go back to though,
is, is Carolina so deep and you, he's not going to play much, right? He's going to play his four
or five minutes. And if he doesn't make an impact quick,
then all of a sudden you're left with 11 forwards, right?
And like I said, the longer this series goes
and the more disciplined it is,
the more the Rangers are hooped, in my opinion.
Going back to the power play where they finally cashed in,
it was Ace who pointed this out.
They made the adjustments going into game five
where they had Brady Shea at the top,
where he's a lefty and
then they had Svetch on the other side is that flank on the right side who's also a lefty so
all of a sudden they became the option for the one-timer and obviously sure enough their one
power play goal of the series was going from Brady Shea now that was the game before that was game
in four in which they won, but nonetheless, they
figured things out, they made adjustments,
and it helped them propel them to a
win. So, I don't know. I don't really have
much else to say. I expect a way better
effort from New York, but I
also expect a better effort from Carolina
going home all jazzed up,
feeding off that energy of the home crowd.
Yeah, there's the Rangers.
They only had 21 shots last game, the fewest of the playoffs so far.
The power play 0 for 8 in the last three games.
Rempe, 6-0-1 last game, one hit.
Really didn't notice him out there.
I didn't see him do much out there.
As far as the series, Carolina's actually outscoring them 16-15 right now.
Going back to the teams coming back from being down 3-0,
like I said, they could be the 10th team to do it.
Teams 4 and 5 that force a game 7, the last team to do it.
The Kings back in 2014, they forced a game 7 and they won it.
They beat San Jose.
Also, the Kings in 2014, 2010 Flyers, 75 Islanders and 42 Maple Leafs
completed the comeback entirely with each of the past two instances.
Also forcing a game 6 with a game five road victory.
That made  I'm so confused.
I know.
I'll say this.
Panthers fans won't love this, and I  I'm sorry.
I call those crack stats.
Canes fans won't love this,
but I think the Panthers are going to win this series against the Bruins.
Give me Rangers-Panthers over Canes-Panthers.
Like last year, I know it was a sweep, and I know it would probably be closer.
Just the excitement of the Rangers in the mix, I'm rooting for them.
Also a huge Chris Drury fan.
I want to see Rangers-Panthers.
I just feel like that's more excitement for other fans, other teams' fans.
People would rather watch Rangers-Panthers than Canes-Panthers.
Canes fans will be pissed off at me, but that's how I feel.
So I want the Rangers to get it done.
I just want both going to seven, and I don't care who wins.
I'd actually prefer, like you said, the Rangers if I had to lean one way
because of the fact that you've got two juggernauts going at it.
The storyline.
The storyline.
And it would also be fun to see the Florida Panthers beat the
shit out of the New York Rangers for all you
Rangers fans in the chat. Suck my horn.
Over to you, R. Ray.
Yeah, because Kuznetsov,
he scored for the Hurricanes in both games, 4 and
5, which is weird about that. The teams who
have come back from down 3-0,
the Kings, Tyler Toffoli,
back in 2014, the Flyers, Simone Gagne
and Vili Lano back in 2010, and the 42 Leafs, Nick Metz and Silaps, the Toffoli back in 2014. The Flyers, Simone Gagne and Vili Leno back in 2010.
In the 42 Leafs, Nick Metz and Silaps.
The same player scored goals in both games, 4 and 5,
en route to forcing a game 6.
Kuznetsov has done the same thing.
Those other teams all come back from down 3-0.
So pretty interesting that he scored two games in a row.
Wow, the Illuminati.
Always the Illuminati.
That's a deep dig right there, R.A.
That's a deep cut.
Yeah, hapsafuckalutely, yeah.
Deep in the mineshaft there with that nugget.
Clean it up, Rangers fans.
Game six, Thursday at 7 p.m.
How about those Dallas Stars?
They push the Adelants to the brink.
21-year-old Wyatt Johnson continues to build his legacy already.
Kid just turned 21 yesterday.
By the way, Fishy, we got to look at that awful birthday cake
the boys hooked him up with.
That's so classic.
This guy just turned 21.
How crazy is this?
Jesus.
This guy's the frontrunner for the Conn Smites.
This guy's done.
And Montgomery telling Merles back in the day that it's a young Patrice Bergeron
and then him growing and being the leading goal scorer of Dallas this year.
Dude, no play has made somebody more impressive
and put somebody more on the radar to the not huge hockey fan
than stripping Kael McCarr of the puck like that, shorthanded,
burying your own rebound, and scoring one of the nicest goals of the season.
Was the actual goal that nice?
No.
The entire play, buddy, you don't take the puck from Kael McCarr.
One hand.
One hand. One hand.
One little stick check off of the best skating defenseman in the league.
And all of a sudden, back of the net, shorty.
I was like, who was that?
That wasn't McCarver.
Holy shit, that was McCarver.
That was number eight.
And that's when you're like, this guy's special.
This kid has something about the clutchnessness being able to score in game sevens
20 years old doing this i know he just turned 21 the other day power play doing it all everything
it's it's wild and and i can't believe that so many teams kind of missed out with him barely
playing or not even playing at all his draft year you gotta think if he's playing games that year he
doesn't slide all the way down to where Dallas could get him because there's
something every time you see a great player that's not necessarily like blows you away
with speed or skill.
Like he's more just the complete package.
It is like Patrice Bergeron.
Like no part of his game is like, oh my God, like McDavid skating or Matthew shot.
It's just everything put together
is magical, and he's
leading this team. Pasha's bet on him
winning the Conn Smite that, what is it,
101?
That's ridiculous.
You mentioned Merle's there. Why don't we just
bring on Merle's? He's the ad guy. Let's get Merle in the mix
for this. Yo!
There he is. Congrats on
500, boys.
Dumber.
Thank you.
Although I did see in the chat,
this guy,
Chris in the chat said 500 for chiclets,
but only four 99 for RA for the infamous sleep in one.
And,
and the pod sussy.
Didn't he get a pod sussy?
I appealed it successfully.
Oh yeah, that's right.
That's right. Well, when I slept through, they didn't do it.
Oh, yeah.
I tell you, it's been like 10 years ago.
Yeah, the Maurice one. That's right, too, with the
Apple 14. Oh, there's been multiple.
Fuck you,
bros. Yeah, but all right. I got to
pump you up. I was listening to my
first ever interview on here way
back in September 2017 pre-biz
you guys called me i think it was like two in the morning in south korea i had just taken a
sleeping pill i was all banged up but uh we we got through the interview and at the very end of it
you're like because we were talking gambling the whole time you're like hey man maybe he's going to
be our draft king specialist so no
seven years yeah because draft kings was with barstool then it was like a sponsor
murals i remember somebody canceled and i called you zach warrensky it was zach warrensky canceled
on us zach warrensky canceled on us like 15 times and then chipped in on our ass in that sandbag
with andrew koppopp. What a beauty.
And, Merle, I remember you're like, no, because we were trying to plan your episode.
You're like, I said, I need you.
I need you.
I just took a sleeper.
I'm like, oh, that'll be great then.
You could hear me banged up on there.
And then R.A.'s like, it was unreal timing.
He's like, Merle probably needs some help with this.
You had some sleep help ad as well.
So it was just unbelievable how that all
worked out i even looked back the episode right before it biz was on just as a guest so really
wild how far it's come but congratulations boys and thanks for letting me be a small part of it
um i think that maybe the all-time mush i think ever since i said macar was uh better than lidstrom
and bob yor he's went pointless in three games and dashed six.
Murr, you're the abs guy.
Have you ever seen Cale Makar neutralized like this?
I've never seen him look human like this.
It's incredible.
They're done.
I'm going to take the jersey off here in a minute.
I'm done with them.
Nachushkin blew it again.
He blew it first again.
You said that they needed to keep him in the baza after the last time.
It's insane you said that.
It's sick.
I'm getting hot here on my insider and my rumor boys.
I'm starting to heat up a little bit.
You know, I had the Nachushkin.
It should have been in the baza.
I knew something was going to happen.
So it's bad.
So you actually texted the group chat,
and you were aware that he was not going to be in the lineup beforehand,
kind of like you knew that Wall wasn't going to be playing in Game 7
for the Leafs.
Now, do we have any idea what it is?
The guy that told me that told me it was a failed drug test,
but I feel like I saw something earlier today online that said it wasn't.
But I know when the players have been in that before, way back when,
even when it was just for alcohol, they show up at your house at any time
and you got to go take a piss test.
And they don't even  I don't think the league does the drug test for like
Fun stuff?
What?
Like fun stuff?
No, no.
During the season, you can get randomly drug tested for performance enhancing.
I don't think they do in the playoffs, so I think it would be a random test being in the program.
Now, let's get ahead of this because we all laughed when Merle said keep him in the baza.
You weren't really kidding. It's also really sad, dude.
And you feel for this person. Addiction is a scary thing.
I thought Bednar was unbelievable just kind of let's let him
talk sorry to belabor this but we know there's a human element involved here that you look at
is important also but how much did val let down you and this team well
oh yeah i'm i i'm not gonna go, like, listen, Val obviously is struggling with something, right?
I have two thoughts.
Yeah, it sucks for our team.
We've got to turn the page.
We've got to go play way better than we did today.
There's still 20-plus guys in that room that care and that want to win
and that are here, and that's what we have to focus on.
It hurts our team.
There's no question.
He's a great player.
And the second one is, like, I've gotten to know Val as a person,
and I've gotten to know him as one of our teammates and a player,
and I want what's best for him.
And I want him to be happy, and I want him to be content in his life,
whether that's with our team or not with our team.
I want the best for him and his family.
I think all of our guys are the same,
and we hope that he can find some peace and get help.
And so that's the other side of it.
Like, hockey's not life and death, although we treat it like it is.
And so foul's a big priority, and our team's like another one now it's separated they're not together
like he's done for six months plus whatever that whatever that looks like and um so again we treat
it like an injured player that's not able to play for us like oc or landy i mean we got to worry
about the guys that are on the ice and are able to play for us.
So I love how he brings up like, yeah, it sucks.
He said, first thing, our team needs him.
And it's a kick in the dick.
But, buddy, this guy obviously has some serious demons.
So as a former player who's seen a lot of former players fight a lot of different battles off the ice, you're like, man.
And it doesn't even matter that he's so dominant when he's on and playing.
Like it could be a fourth line guy.
Like he said, you just want somebody to find peace
and be able to be healthy and happy.
And so it sucks.
And the fact is, if it was party drugs, I don't know.
But like, look at how this guy was playing hockey.
I mean, it's almost more impressive.
Like this guy is an absolute horse.
And now you got six months suspension.
You got to write a letter for reinstatement in the league where Gary
Bettman's deciding if he'll ever play again.
And it's a dude with a long contract.
It is so valuable.
You saw him win it with him losing the first round without him.
And now without him, they look like shit.
So it's, they got McKinnon and McCartney.
Truskin's that next piece. And it just, you feel horrible for him and now without him they look like shit so it's they got mckinnon and mccartney trushkin's that next piece and it just you feel horrible for him and his family i it's not about
he fucked over the team he's got problems yeah no i mean the the human element and whatever bednar
said is is bang on and and we hope that this guy finds the peace that he deserves for him and his
family hockey aside it just goes back to the last podcast we had John Michael Lyles on and he was
saying he goes when the first line needs a boost we throw him on the first line when that second
line's maybe not going as good they move him down like this guy was a major catalyst piece
a wrecking ball come playoff time clutchness so good for that power play as well and then all of
a sudden not only just him Taves doesn't end up playing in that next game too.
So I just think that that was such a gut punch to that roster
that now, once again, they seem to look like,
especially with the neutralization of Kael McCarr,
they look like they did against Seattle last year,
where they only really have one play,
and it's to put out that top line.
And Rantan hasn't even really looked himself ever since that hit with Elkhorn.
So I agree with you, Murr.
I think that these guys are done right now.
It's a shame.
I thought they were going to put up a better fight.
But I think that all the focus needs to be turned on to what Dallas
and Coach DeBoer has instilled in this team
and how they're able to put the Colorado Avalanche nuts
in a vice squeeze out any bit of offense they're not allowing those secondary opportunities and
really not even a lot of crazy good looks like this Dallas team is such a well-oiled machine
they're getting production from the top guys but look at fucking Dadnov look what Dadnov has done
these playoffs he's just playing he was he was healthy scratch, and he was like a fourth liner.
Right?
Like, they had him.
I think they had him on the fifth line listed coming into playoffs.
And all of a sudden, he's making this type of impact.
He's always been a honey badger.
But it just goes back to Jim Nill and that staff for loading this team up the way they did.
Going to get Tanov at the deadline, who's probably outside of Haskin had been their best defenseman.
And Haskin has outperformed Kel McCarr in this series.
Hands down.
Offensively.
Lidstrom never got outperformed by another defenseman.
I'm going to go take a loser lap for that comment.
Hey, Biz, would you agree with me and Merles?
No team in the playoffs right now.
I don't think anyone comes close to being up 2-1 late in the game
and you're like, this thing's done.
Done.
They get a lead, buddy, and you're like, over.
When they were up in game three, I took the abs live going to third.
They were like plus 350.
I'm like, oh.
And then they didn't even
sniff it i think it was game three it was game four i was like jesus christ this as you said
well-oiled machine that just locks it down and then you got ottinger so it's it's the best team
it's the most impressive team in the playoffs and we could also say if they go on to win the stanley
cup it would be the most amazing run of teams to beat to get there.
They're going to have to beat Vegas.
They're going to have to beat Colorado.
They're going to have to beat Vanner Edmonton.
And then they're going to have to beat the best team in the East.
It would be the most impressive Stanley Cup win I can remember.
With 5D.
And Jim Neal also.
With 5D.
Jim Neal also.
Yeah, imagine they had Hockenpah.
And Jim Neal also.
Not only did he bring in Tanev
Stankhoven was like a trade because Jim Nill had the had the smarts and being in Detroit all those
years and realizing we don't need to start him in the NHL let him be in the minors and let him
dominate it's the same thing we've talked about with kids leaving college you got to dominate
the level you're at before you move up.
Let's go see you light up the AHL.
And we know you're going to be in NHL.
What's the rush?
Now, granted, they have enough players where they don't need to rush them in.
But that's responsible GMing.
That's prove your worth, dominate at a level beneath us,
and you're coming up.
And he did that.
So it's an incredible team that,
that has zero weaknesses.
I don't, I don't think Murr,
we can overstate the fact that Dallas has been able to score first every
game in the series too.
They just get that lead and then they don't, they don't drop.
Michael Lyle said it last pod.
He goes, I bet you,
you could count on one hand how many odd man rushes they've given up.
This may be going back to game one when they
fell off the rails a little bit but just so disciplined in their structure and it feels like
it's frustrating the avalanche yeah that's what i was off the avalanche until lyles came on and
then he kind of talked me back into it but he said he goes we have to get the lead tonight
and once they didn't get the lead it was over they keep their 2d back between the
dots just keep flipping it out you saw it in um was it uh edmonton game last night that the d came
flying up boom odd man rushed the other way that's what dallas isn't doing they're just keeping the
2d back just stay out keep everybody to the outside it's really something else this team's
amazing and if ottinger sees it
he's stopping it this this guy is just a freak in the playoffs again you remember him two years ago
when he jumped on the scene in that Calgary game and he just stole that series so yeah I'm all over
seven and he was all series he was unbeatable too well they lost three games but which but I'm on uh
I'll give a couple picks why i got the mic
here you know so i'm i'm on my golden goose leckanen last chance to get him at over two and
a half shots i and uh because it's the last game i'm saying that dallas three-way plus 100 i'm
sorry i love the abs i love the coaches out there but it's over it's over dallas they over. Dallas, they're going to get this win.
They're going to get a little extra rest.
Like you said, Whit, how good was Vegas now looking back?
Like Vegas had this team on the ropes.
I know.
That's my picks for tonight.
On the 500th episode, I need a 2-0 night.
Yeah.
Bro, I'm riding.
I'm riding.
The Avs haven't held the lead for one second all series.
Because the game they won was an OT. They haven't. 0- haven't held the lead for one second. All series. Cause the game,
they won't.
Is it?
They haven't.
And then oh,
and five and series would trail in three to one.
Also tonight,
Dave's is back in the lineup for Colorado tonight.
Hints is out for Dallas.
Foxa is in for him.
Also.
We're talking about Johnston.
When I want to give a shout out for passing up a chance at the hat trick,
sent it over to Sam steel gate.
They don't have the automatical.
Yeah.
Nice move.
You know,
everybody wants a hat trick.
And, Biz, this is from Bruce Levine.
And you mentioned Kiel McCaw.
No points the last three games, minus six.
Nathan McKinnon, just one assist, minus six as well.
Ranting in one goal, minus five those last three games.
I mean, Chris Tanner, man, obviously has a big part of that.
What a pickup he turned out to be.
And one other thing with Johnston,
he has three goals in five potential series clinching games,
including two series winning goals.
How about the stat of Johnston being the only player besides Wayne Gretzky
to be that young scoring a shorthanded and power play goal in a playoff game?
Like this kid, it's just, it's incredible.
Every game he's doing something else that you're just like, holy shit.
He's not slowing down.
He's getting better somehow.
I couldn't remember what episode or what show I even said that on about Bergeron.
It was a season preview.
It was a season preview.
I would love to have that clip somewhere.
That could be my one call.
And also, while we're here, while we're on this 500 episode,
I was digging into my second interview with you guys.
That's the one where you flew me down to Philly and that's where the
Murley special,
we did the draw.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
First Washington.
And then this is like,
yeah,
this guy,
Merle is telling us to bet draw plus three 30 and everybody did it.
It went crazy.
But part of that interview,
it was a right.
I think when Don cherry was getting phased
out and i said it i said biz is going to be the next don cherry oh yeah hey you're on your way
you're big guy on tnt now so only be one don cherry so rumor boys i might have another win
coming down the pipeline in a few more years just keep that clip around as well i would assume
there's people in the chat asking for us to get him on the pod we've asked him i hope at a certain point we've been able to sit down with him live and just
kind of talk about his full career i don't think uh well every time we've asked him was the right
time i still maybe think he's kind of i don't want to say going through withdrawals but still
upset about how everything went down so he'd be a he'd be a white whale guest and i'd love to hear
about his uh his entire career,
not only as a player, coach, but of course the long media career as well.
I've got to take a mid-pod shit here.
We're not going to get any guests on real quick, are we?
I'm going to go to an ad from here.
Okay, well, I'm going to go take a shit.
I'll see you guys in a few minutes.
No ad or no shit, sorry.
We're all out of ads.
So, Biz, you can take a shit if you want.
Should I just bring you guys in the shitter?
If you want.
We have a guest coming up.
Who's coming?
Do you guys want to know right now?
I would like to be honest with him when he gets on.
Okay.
Well, just go take your shit.
Well, no, I'm saying bring him on.
I'll say hi, and then I'm going to go take a shit.
Just go shit.
Just go shit.
He's not in this segment.
We'll reminisce some more about my first episode.
When we talked the story about us going to AC that one time.
Oh my God. If people don't remember this one,
we,
uh,
we played a three and three and in the AHL,
you play Friday,
Saturday,
Sunday,
arm dog.
You were part of it.
We need,
I was hoping you,
I was hoping you come on.
I didn't know if you were traveling.
Do you remember when me and Murr did this super bowl Sunday night? Explain it on. I didn't know if you were traveling. Do you remember when me and Murr did this Super Bowl Sunday night?
Explain it more.
I didn't hear it.
It was Super Bowl Sunday, right, Murr?
It was the Saturday before Sunday.
Yeah, the Sunday before.
We played Sunday in Philly.
We drove all the way back to Wilkes-Barre.
We went out all night at the  what's the grill there?
Where we always partied.
Oh, my God.
Arena Bar and Grill.
And then after a night there, we decided to go to AC,
right back through Philly to AC.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I remember that.
So, on the way, so, play in Philly, two hours home, go out all night,
get an Uber, go back loaded, and we're, all right, let's go.
Another three-hour drive to AC to gamble.
We got the next day off.
So I'm like, I want a hot chocolate.
Like, why did I want a hot chocolate?
I have no idea.
So I wait in the car.
Guy's getting gas.
Merle runs in, and he comes out.
Wet, wet.
I got the hot chocolate.
They had hot chocolate.
wet wet i got the hot chocolate they had hot chocolate dude this kid hit a piece of black ice and was like six feet in the air parallel to the ground lands on his back and i looked like
truba in that clip but instead of stomach down you were back down it was in the air it was like
rookie of the year when the kid slips on the baseball, buckles his shoulder, and becomes a fireball fastball thrower.
And you didn't even spill the hot chocolate.
Army, he's holding it.
I didn't spill it.
It's still good.
So then he got to the casino, and he could all of a sudden throw craps dice.
No, we got to the casino.
The only reason we went to that casino was because we wanted to play
double-deck blackjack in which there's only two decks and you
see both of the dealers cards i don't even know if they still have this game but we're like that's
the only way we win we've only ever won playing double deck where you see both of the dealers
yeah yeah yeah you lose ties though and so we get there it's closed the table's closed it doesn't
open for like six hours so we get a a hotel room. We go up in there.
It was a smoking room.
So it smelled like cigarettes.
We're like, oh, I'm coughing.
Just like shut it down for a couple hours waiting for our double deck table to open.
It opens.
We go down.
We lose everything in 30 minutes.
That was like me when I went to AC with you guys and Simmer came with us.
And we got right in there.
I went to the blackjack table. I won like a bunch of money quick and Simmer was going all crazy Reed Simpson he's
like stack them army stack them he was going crazy and then and then he's like dude leave leave leave
they hate guys that do this they hate and so I I took all my chips and I left and I was walking
around in Atlantic City on the boardwalk by myself We'd been there for 40 minutes and I,
and he didn't let me play the rest of the time.
He made me take my money and leave. He was so happy.
He was like, this is how you do it. Yeah. Simmer. Love that guy.
Where are you at army? Where are you headed?
So today is that event that we had Bugsy on our, on game notes last week,
Friday, black and gold,
break the mold event with the Malone foundation and they have their little had Bugsy on our game notes last week, Friday. Black and Gold Break the Mold event
with the Malone Foundation and they have
their little gala tonight.
I'm down here early. I am helping
with a little bit of introductions on stage
and doing some of that crap because I'm a
media legend.
Yeah, you are.
My dad
said to me, you're
getting unbelievable on TNT.
And I know you've done some color,
buddy.
You're you're,
it's like watching Wyatt draw to grow as a player,
buddy.
You're getting better and better and better.
So great job by you.
Color.
I think you're,
I think you're incredible at color,
man.
You guys,
we got to get more army on TNT for color.
Good.
Yeah.
Color has been kind of,
I don't know.
I'll keep that to myself,
but I think on both networks, I think army, it's been kind of i don't know i'll keep that to myself but i i think on
both networks i think army it's been amazing having you involved you and merle's growing
game notes and do you remember your first episode on chicklets because after you came on
you were you were you wouldn't come on for another five years well you know you know sometimes i
didn't think a lot of people were unsure i was trying to get my feet into the media business. The funny thing
is, though, I think it was episode
seven or something was my first
ever time on Chicklets. I think
nine. I saw it. Nine. Was he the
first interview, Jay? I believe
we did Barstool Jordy
first, but he was the first NHL
player, I believe. I was like, I'll call Army. He'll
come on. Yeah, I talked about our ass
off competition and who had the better ass.
You gave the original Game Notes
story, one of the all-time greats.
Yeah, unbelievable. So congratulations
you guys, though. And yes.
Oh my god.
That's nice of them.
I had to use my sweater to wipe my ass.
I was actually
pitting out on my sweater there, so I wanted
to take it off but go
back to your what episode arm nine nine you weren't even in the fold busy you were still
and i popped on there and i remember original text messages wit wanted to get this going biz
was still playing i was you know doing network stuff and it just i i was unsure of the landscape
what was happening of course it was all rapidly changing.
No one knew what was happening. No one knew.
Podcasts were just starting to kind of really pop up, be more mainstream.
And I think everyone was trying to figure out where everything was going and,
you know, ahead of the curve,
you guys were juggernauts right out of the gates. And yeah, I mean,
for me personally,
working with Merle's and our little crew and our history of all of us together as well,
it's been a dream come true.
It's so comfortable.
It's easy.
It's fun.
It's kind of woken me up and made me more comfortable
at a lot of things that I'm doing now.
So it's been a blast.
500 episodes, boys.
Merle's, it's a pleasure.
G, R.A., great work as always. And amazing to been a blast. 500 episodes, boys. Merles, it's a pleasure. G, RA, great work as always.
And amazing to be a part.
I think the coolest thing is being a part of this now
and being around it,
but also being able to go to these events
like Chicklets Cup and the finals
and all the things that I've done with you guys
in the last couple of years,
getting kidnapped to the gambling cave in Hoboken.
I mean, all this stuff but
like getting to see the community you guys have built the fans that you guys have is unbelievable
the people are amazing our chat is popping our chat is insane we got it rolling uh and it's uh
it's it's got a life of its own all because of of the fans of chicklets and so it's amazing thank
you guys thank you merle hey right back
right back at you and mer too man like adding guys to the to the squad like opening up that ncaa
stuff and like us going even to the the final or frozen for excuse me so it's nice having like
friends on board and and growing the brand and having different voices different opinions
different jokes and stories from the path
that you guys took and obviously merles with the gambling and it's just like it's just been so fun
getting reunited with guys that we used to play with and and hey we look to continue to add to
our bag and spitting chickles isn't just wit not just ra just not me it's it's a big family
including those people in the chat even the whiny bruins fans
it's all of us i gotta say we got sagina we got sagina hosting memorial cup busy and moose jaw
has portland down now three games to nothing of course i only talk about the western league of
course ohl okay whatever london's gonna win whatever ohl q's. Q's already dialed in. The Moose Jaw Warriors, though, this team is just a team of destiny.
And so we got that on the horizon, too.
I don't know what we want to do.
Are you going to go to Saginaw?
Because I might go on the 25th to open up the tournament,
Saginaw's first game.
They're asking me to go, but it's in between games in the conference final.
I think Thursday and Saturday is when we have the conference finals and
they're starting on this on the Friday.
I probably will fly down.
Would you, would you go?
I would not mind.
I would love to go.
I would love to go.
It's I've worked.
I've worked the tournament before.
I've loved it.
It's awesome.
You get to, that's where I met Matt Barzell.
That's where I met all these guys before they kick off their star careers.
You know, there's going to be guys there that are going to have that as well.
Okay, open invite.
Let's go.
Anybody of the crew here who wants to go, Murr, I mean,
I don't know if you can gamble on Memorial Cup games,
but you're more than welcome.
I found them.
London's up 3-0 from the show HL.
Oh, yeah.
I'd love to see London action.
Some of my best memories of you is merles remember in the locker room like
army i i i don't have a great body either we're not exactly great body guys but
army's walking through the naked walking through the locker room butt naked not the best body in
the world he's like million dollar bodies boys with his signing bonus that's right when i met
you i'll never forget that and the best part about this whole squad now,
memes and then other people, like our chat,
and not just the chat during the show,
our group text chat.
Yeah, oh my God.
It's my favorite thing.
It's the big chicklets chat.
We got one with G, RA, myself, and Biz,
and then we got big chicklets with everyone else.
That's the one we're usually always on. Going through
playoff games, talking about different plays,
ripping on people, ripping on each other.
It's been a joy to have you come
and be a part of this. Yeah, I love it.
1.30 in the morning, the only thing keeping me
going is watching hockey and our
chat. I'm on the chat. It's highly
electric. Love you boys.
Love you boys.
Love you, Army.
Boys, we mentioned the though trying to stay up and the Russian gas a few times
so I think it's time to bring on maybe
the funniest guest in spitting
chicklets history no way you got him
Stapleton
this was like the biggest fail ever man apes. Holy shit. Come on.
This was like the biggest fail ever, man. When I
popped on, I was like, fuck, it's so excited.
And then I was like, fucking sit here for
like 20 minutes with this thing on.
Holy shit. Are you over eating?
Did you get this lid from the security
guy? Yeah, yeah, yeah. For like a stick?
You had to serve for six months? You're like, ah, fuck it. I'll do it. No. For like a stick. You're to serve for six months.
You're like, ah, fuck it.
I'll do it.
No, it was a torpedo.
Torpedo.
There's a guy like stick, Russian hat.
Official, official.
I'm like, this thing's fake as shit, but it's kind of sick.
Oh, Timmy.
It is kind of sick.
What's up?
Not much.
Hey, buddy.
Shout out you and Chris Nyland, Raw Knuckles.
You guys are crushing it now with your pod.
How's that going?
It's good. I gotta fucking wear this, he's probably got like spies and shit
making me wear this
no, it's good
you know what I'm talking about
he's, it's been good man
I mean I think it was something that just
kind of came, we're like guest only kind of
space, so we're not like yapping and
stuff like that, but it's coming around
it's good,. It's good.
Anyway,
thanks for having me on guys.
I'll see you guys.
Shut the fuck up.
I actually,
I didn't,
you and Vessi had a podcast going.
I did a couple of stories with you guys.
Yeah.
We were the original spitting chiclets.
You know that you and VC.
Yeah.
You and me and Ryan Vessi,
we started like this pro story. Oh man.
It was bad. No, it was great. You started like this pro story oh man it was bad no anyway
great you guys it was good but it was just yeah um never released since you started the the new
podcast had there been any other russian stories that you've remembered that were different from
the ones that you came on and told us because there's a few iconic ones and we probably should
play the hits and you should probably retell the r Russian gas one as well as the ghost in your apartment.
But has there been any other ones that have came up?
He was babysitting too, remember?
Babysitting?
Wasn't that the Russian story where you had to watch the family?
Who was that?
What? No.
We had a guy who ended up watching these kids.
I don't even remember.
The family moved in when you went on road trips.
Yeah, it was my teammate.
Oh, okay.
I thought it was like a Russian family.
No, no, it was my teammate.
He played long enough in Belarus that he got a Belarusian passport.
So he had a Canadian one and a Belarusian one.
And he was right like it was like
right around i don't know we were like playing in one of the prague or something like not russia so
he was like traveling with his canadian passport but then like we had a game at the end of the road
trip that was in russia and he didn't have his he's supposed to use his bella russian passport
so he couldn't like get into the country and they sent him back to belarus to get his passport and um he came home
and he like went to put his key in and then like it was like lot like it was like the inside like
the the um bolt was it was bolted and he was like what the fuck was like four in the morning
and then he finally just knocked he's like i think i'm at the right apartment he knocks on the door
and like the landlord opens the door like no shirt on there's like a dog barking he's like
and the guy was like he was like kevin and he's like yeah and then he realized that for like six
months these guys were just moving back in the family was just moving back in when he went on
the road and he was so the ghost part was that he was like kind of throughout the year until this
happened he was like man there's some weird shit at my apartment like things are getting moved like things yeah it's a plaza for another minors yeah yeah yeah yeah it's like it's all
of a sudden it's like clean and shit it's like so he was then he came back to him when he met us uh
the team he came back like white as a ghost i'm like what happened he's like you'll never believe
what happened and he was paying like four grand a month too. It was nuts. It was so Russian.
It was so Russian.
Did you have to stay in the Baza when you were playing over there?
Yeah, we  yeah, in Kazan we did.
But it was like Kazan was actually  it was not bad though.
Like the whole  they had like a nice Baza, but Neftahimic we had a
was kind of  yeah, it was like
That's where we hung out and you were like, this is the place and your coach you hated your coach i remember well we had like six coaches
throughout like before christmas they were like firing coaches like mid-game and then like a new
coach on the bench like where did this guy come from new guy calling lines just juggling the lines
who the fuck's this guy it's like he's like they're calling out the lines and it's like a new guy like i've never seen before was one of them english or were they all
russian guys we're all no the first guy was finnish and then they hired that um couple like
then it was like the the gm like fired the guy and became the coach like in mid fucking period
and then um it was nuts and Then there was one more firing
and then that's when they did that Krikenov.
Oh, the Krikenov.
Yeah.
When I came on here that time
and talked about him,
his name's Vladimir. I was calling him Igor the whole time.
Russians were pissed, man.
Oh, yeah.
People were calling him
Matt Babcock. You know what I mean? I was just turning these guys for a second. pissed man they were like oh yeah because people calling like uh like it'd be like matt babcock if
they were talking you know what i mean it's like i was just turning skies up to russia i'd be killed
instantly do you think that's what we think we think that he's on the whole fly no no because
they're like very like 24 hours and then they like forget about it like like like when i remember
getting recruited by a team and i was like i knew i just
talked to like one of their players and they like didn't pay the players and the gm was like you
come here we got this i go you didn't pay the players last oh that was three months that was
a long time ago and i was like that was two months ago you know they just like act like it didn't
happen after so you'd be fine listeners who don't know the baza are you talking about yeah it's like i don't know it's like some
army barracks it's like it's like they make you stay i don't know i don't even know it's like
because they don't trust the players where they're gonna go out the night before and get
all banged up on vodka like we're we're a lot of a lot of russian players were they alcoholics
no i don't think that's like a real thing over there. Like, I don't think they had like depression, anything.
No, they, they, they, no, I don't know.
That's a good question, Biz.
Like, I think it's more of a control thing.
You know, like they want to know exactly what you're doing.
I mean, granted, we did get one day off.
I remember in Neftahima, it was like 60 days.
And we got one day finally away from the
rink or maybe that was in kazan i can't remember but like the one day we got away from the rink
because they would make us like come and take like a sauna like that like even if it was a day off
they still had to come so the one day they picked we got off like the guy got thrown in jail like
guys were like starting riots and stuff it was like not nuts. They went hard. There were so few days off. They went really hard. And I think it made sense.
They'd go.
Yeah.
They would go.
And they'd go all night long.
All night.
They don't know when the next day off's coming.
When they get those breaks, don't they all head over to like Dubai to get into some weird shit?
Yeah.
No, no.
We had a team trip.
Our entire team was paid to go to Dubai during the Olympic break in 2000.
Whenever it was in Sochi, we were in Dubai for like,
but then it was like five days of like vacation.
And then it was like, we were like training in Dubai,
like running through people's like vacation.
We were like running on the beach. People were like on vacation.
We're just like running. It was nuts. Like, it's just like, they can't go.
It's like, yeah, there, you know is with, like, the training camps and shit.
Oh, my God.
Then again, like, everything I say is from, like, how I see it.
I mean, there could be other guys that go there and they're like, it wasn't that bad.
It's like, well, to me, you know, there was times that were kind of fucked up.
You said that there's no depression over there.
I was kidding.
I was kidding.
I'm just saying, like, they don't have, when you said alcoholic, I was like, they probably don't have any of that. Like, mental health's not even a thing over there. I was kidding. When you said alcoholic, I was like, they probably don't have any of that.
Mental health's not even a thing over there.
It hasn't hit there yet.
They're still getting
90s movies. If you were like, oh, I'm just depressed,
coach, they'd be like, they would have no idea what that is.
We're all depressed.
They'd be ready to shoot you.
If you haven't heard
Timmy's episode, episode 215,
back in November of 19, legit top for me top two or three
Oh I was crying
Because I never heard any of these stories
Like Whit you'd probably already heard those already right
From his experience
Hearing them again
Kind of I mean
Yeah dude it's been weird since
I mean it's just weird
That was so much fun but I didn't think anything of it
And then it blew up
Now I'm like the Russian gas man.
What the fuck?
I got kids.
There you go.
Kid or worms, you got to get into that.
It's amazing how much you guys have taken over the hockey world.
It's crazy.
Do you have a lot of people when they see you just come up and mention the Russian gas every time?
I have to tell people.
I'm like, I played too.
Like I did play once.
But they think that I was just a comedian.
Yeah.
That's the other thing is like, Hey, like all of a sudden, like I like perform.
I'm like, guys, there's fucking stories that I still like.
I was really good, man.
Like I still wake up in the middle of the night and I'm like suffering.
I played the NHL.
That was another PTSD incident.
Anyways.
What was, What was your
what do you think your funnest stretch of hockey
was when you were playing pro? Like when you were
in the NHL, when you were having the most
fun? Winnipeg, I think.
Finland, I actually had a lot of fun
in Finland my first two years, pro.
But it was all
fun. It was fun. I mean, you guys
know it's kind of, I mean, do you guys miss it?
Oh, I don't miss the game.
I miss the guys.
Yeah, I'm with you.
I'm with you.
I don't miss playing that much.
Yeah, I don't miss, like, getting the body warmed up
and trying to keep up to all these young guys.
But the, like, competition and the competing and then after winning,
just, like, being with the guys and like going out for,
for pops afterward, like that is a,
that is an ecstasy that's hard to rival, right?
It's, it's hard to, it's hard to get back there.
And that's why when you finish your career,
you have to have something that excites you and brings you to something
close to that level.
And I would, uh, you're pushing towards, yeah.
Like just as a group with
with a bunch of guys like one common goal right and the competition aspect to me is the one thing
that i do miss like i was fortunate though on the in the last couple years to win a calder cup and
i know it's not a stanley cup but just to be around for that type of run and seeing guys accomplish a
goal together and with an amazing group that's
what i miss most but i don't miss walking around looking like the michelin man because i got heat
packs all over my body on my fucking from my toes to my head well you're right i miss what i miss
because of having to skate and work out being in shape oh i know and and i had to eat better i i
miss the like you have to skate and you have
to work out and because of that you're not like really gross when you're when you're not in clothes
so i really do miss that that i was forced to be in way better shape than i am currently i miss that
genetic and then like uh like you have to like let go to like the level of um commitment meaning
you know my wife comes home like she says you're
gonna be home at seven she comes home at 7 10 i'm like you would be fired like you know i mean
always talks about that you know and it's just like it's like i gotta like i had to like let
go of that for you know after a while it's just like you know i think people aren't on the same
not that not that i'm perfect but you know what I mean. It's just like time.
You're so petrified.
What are you, a bag skater?
You make her put on the rollerblades?
Yeah.
The five-mile run in training camp?
She stays in the fucking bazaar, I'll tell you that.
I don't know how many people who are watching live right now are aware that you actually had keenan as a coach over
in russia yeah what was that what was that experience like because we had him on and
actually lost the audio uh it was like a a malfunction that we had but what was it like
being coached by him was he as intense as they say he was we had him on our podcast it was like i was
like facing my fucking bully my boy you brought him on raw knuckles yeah we brought
him on raw knuckles and i was like i don't like i was like nervous and i don't even think he
remembered me he's like you played for me i don't remember that him i'm like it's tim dude um anyways
uh yeah he was nuts um i think my story my my experience is like a lot of others it's
you know when i first met him like when lot of others. It's, you know,
when I first met him, like when he, when he, like, I think I saw, you know,
not the repeat, but I guess I will.
No people haven't heard a lot of years ago.
This is 270 episodes ago, by the way. I, I,
when I got traded to him, like I grew up as an iron Mike, you know,
like I grew up in Chicago and he was like early nineties.
He was like iron Mike. So I knew a lot about him um i never met him but i called i remember calling my parents and my dad
and was like dude i'm playing like it was kind of a moment of like whoa this is it's kind of weird
and so he calls me and he's just like so he was like the best you know he was just like um
we traded for he gave me some analysis he gave me some like you
know i believe because they won it the year before so he was like the win at two years in a row you
got to like change 15 i don't know some bullshit that clear i think he was just making shit up but
he was um he was like yeah he's awesome and i was like when you get here like you know so i flew
over there i met him in person there was a day off so i didn't you know we didn't have practice so i
was just me and him and my wife was pregnant at the time.
And she was due like pretty soon.
And he was like, you're going home.
Like he was all about family, like a really good dude.
Like he was just like, when she goes into labor, you can go home for whatever, five days.
So that was cool.
And then like the next day was practice.
And we get there and we're, you know, I don't really know anybody.
You know, I'm like getting dressed and I'm like tying my skates.
And like Keenan comes like bombing through the door and his back's to me.
So he doesn't see me, but he's just like, where the fuck's Stapleton?
Like, he's just asking, like, where's like saying my last name, where's Stapleton?
And like, finally, I'm like, Hey, I'm, I'm behind you.
And he just turns around and he's just like, what position do you play?
He's like, I never heard of you.
I don't know. I didn't know we traded for you. And I? He's like, I never heard of you. I don't know.
I didn't know we traded for you.
And I'm just like, dude, I was so confused.
I just took it.
I was just like, I play center.
You know what I mean?
We just talked yesterday.
I just went with it.
And I was like, yeah, I'm good at face-offs.
But I was like, I wanted to be like, dude,
the fuck are you talking about?
Iron Mike Alzheimer's.
But that was the rule.
Eyeballer.
He just didn't want to make you feel
comfortable um i think that was the thing i think i forgot who said it was like that was the one
thing he's like you just never knew what this guy was going to do or say and he had me on a line
this was like the day my first practice was the day before our first game he had me on a line that
practice and then the next day he had me on a different line in the mortgage gate and then by
the time the game started he had me on a third like completely it was three different lines
and he likes to call up like he doesn't just call the centerman up he's like you know he'll call
like Stableman, Whitney, you know this and that like he'll call all three guys and like he called
a centerman that wasn't my centerman out of the three centermans i had in the less than 24 hours he didn't call one of them he called some other one and then he called the left winger
and he's like stay able to take the right side so like my first shift with him was like with
guys that it was just like a mess you know and so he was just like shit like that where i was just
like why i don't know testing your mentals and wasn't it so the time that you ended up going back and
you i think it was it you who ended up going back and the deadbolt was on wasn't your groin kind of
hanging on by a thread and he was expecting you to play through injury you when you mentioned my
name you mentioned my name on the pat mcafee show like when you see that my life changes for like
48 hours like my my hockey card like goes up to that.
Like on eBay, like my card goes up from like.
You go to number one on Hockey TV most searched.
Like 2, literally.
But then it goes back down.
But you told like three stories into one story on that show.
And they were like three.
They happened in three different years, which is fine.
I appreciated it.
I was just thinking.
Play the hits, baby. play the hits baby play the whole
thing was the same year but it was in um it was with that it was why i got traded because i had
the growing incident i like literally couldn't play that's when i benched myself and that
creaking off was like and i was just i was just like i'm not going like i just i couldn't skate
so like i would tell like the russian guy next to me the moment i told him like hey i'm not going like i just i couldn't skate so like i would tell like the russian guy next to me the moment i told him like hey i'm not going he was like his leg was already over the bench you
know how they don't they didn't give a fuck they were just like more ice time you know so every
time my line went out there this russian guy just went wheeling out there and they're finally there
it's like what the fuck now it's just like i'm not playing like i'm wanting my chin strip i just
didn't skate and so that's when the next day they let me sit out
and then um we still had like one more game on the road that's when i went to the mri
remember that but they because there was like a rumor that came out that we were on strike like
me and dan sexton someone else because we were on strike because the dollar crashed and it's like
had nothing it's like so far like i was not on strike so i had to
like so i had to play the last game of the road trip and that's when i did that mri and fucking
freaking up which became like a doctor you know what i mean he was like drawing a 201 drill and
then he was like all of a sudden like reading an mri he was like this guy's faking it and i ended
up scoring the game winning goal and that's when and we went home, and we had a day off.
And then, like, the next day he had, like  we had practice,
and he was, like, giving this speech, and I just kept hearing my name.
And I was, like, fucking  like, this guy's got to be, like
You thought he was hyping you up because you had to do it.
Oh, dude, I'm, like
I'm, like, fucking not in my head looking at the other Russians
who have, like, zero expression.
But I'm just, like  he's got to be saying stuff good.
So he gets done and like they go, the whole team gets, goes to like the gym to like do a warmup.
And I get like taken down to like this dungeon gym.
And it's me and the assistant coach.
And I'm just like, oh, I'm hurt.
They get it.
Right.
And so like, I'm like, he's got me going like these minute sprints like
screaming at me but I'm just still like in my mindset of like they're they love me like I'm
you know like I'm not putting this together like I didn't understand Russian so I'm just like oh
whatever I get it you know they care about me whatever so this this kid comes down like our
second goalie who's a Russian guy and he was not feeling good, so they told him to go down on the bike.
And he was like, hey, are you mad?
And I'm like, for what?
He's like, what Krikenov said.
And I was like, what?
And he goes, oh, he said that you were like faking your injury
and you're not going to practice with the team and you're fined 1,000.
So much truth.
I fucking lost it.
I was like calling my agent.
I was like, get the fuck out of here.
But that's no joke.
I was just like, what?
And they were like punishing me.
And so I couldn't be around the team.
And then they traded.
And then the next day I was traded.
Oh, fuck.
That's too bad.
It was amazing.
It was actually.
I could just picture you in the room like.
Oh, dude.
I'm doing my job.
I have my guy.
Game winning goal, playing injured. Let alone, oh, dude, I'm doing my job. Yeah. Game winning goal, playing injured, let alone not to mention I'm getting fined and I can't
be like, I'm a cancer to the team apparently.
So when the ruble crash, weren't you there?
And then like you bought Louis Vuitton luggage in order to like, try to like get your value
out of the dollar.
Cause it was not no everything was way cheaper
over there like i was getting stuff that say for 800 bucks that would have been 2200 it seems
because yeah and the rubles you're like oh 29 million rubles just hit my account this is amazing
they're like that's seven bucks yeah god forbid that you didn't have like Louis Vuitton. These guys
would come on the bus with like
Dolce Gabbana.
Now is it?
Tape to tape passes for Louis Vuitton
roller bags. Oh yeah.
Stapes. Thanks so much buddy
for coming by for our 500. You are
a huge part of the legacy, the legend of the show.
Episode 215. Once again, if you haven't listened
to it, love you, buddy.
That was Ari's job just to cut me off and give me the credit.
Yeah, Jesus.
Tough crowd, eh?
You didn't listen.
Oh, you guys are the best.
No, I got a ghost, Dave.
I think it's all coming to an end.
Hey, real quick.
Who's winning this weekend?
With what?
The hockey?
No, like the Tyson Fury.
No, the PGA.
Oh, buddy.
I put a huge bet on McElroy.
He got divorced.
And
he knew he was getting divorced already
this week and he ran away with it.
Fucking A. All right.
There's obviously something about
golfers are weird. They're individual
people and it's probably some
probably a little freeing or something.
I guess his relationship had quite obviously been on the rocks. And then what he did last weekend, it's probably some probably a little freeing or something I guess his relationship had quite
quite obviously been on the rocks
and then what he did last weekend it's like
alright so I
he's plus 750 I put a boatload
on him I actually also doubled
up same bet on top
five plus 185
so I got all my
my eggs in
the mackerel basket
got it alright guys thanks so much buddy so I got all my eggs in the mackerel basket. All your rubles?
All my rubles.
Got it.
All right, guys.
Thanks so much, buddy.
Are you looking for an assist with your credit card
but can't get a hold of anyone?
Luckily, with 24-7 US-based live customer service from Discover,
everyone has the option to talk to a real person
anytime, day or night.
Yep, you heard that right. You can talk to a real person anytime, day or night. Yep. You heard that right. You can
talk to a real human and customer service anytime. Sounds like a real game changer. If you ask us,
make the right call and get the service you deserve with Discover. Limitations apply.
See terms at discover.com slash credit card. All right, guys, I have to actually run, but we can't thank everyone enough.
I don't know if you're staying on, G.
Yeah, we got one more guest for these two guys.
I love you guys.
We love you.
And fans out there, thank you so much for your support.
Knock on wood, everything's going to work out.
And I love you guys, and this is the greatest thing that's ever happened to me, this show.
And I can't thank you all enough. So, see you guys. Love you, Whit. Love you, Whit. All right you guys. And this is the greatest thing that's ever happened to me, this show. And I can't thank you all enough.
So, see you guys.
Love you, Whit.
Love you, Whit.
All right, guys.
One more or two more guests here.
Time to welcome on Terry Ryan and Terry Ryan Sr.
Boys, great.
The dynamic duo, baby.
The show just became four hours now.
How apropos? I just became four hours now. How after Poe?
I just finished a Coke Zero.
Marvel.
Marvel Comics right there.
Super stars.
Why are you promoting Marvel Comics?
Are you saying they're superheroes?
You guys are doing it like Witt and R.A. did back in the day, sharing the one mic.
It's very fitting that you guys come on.
Magneto and Titanium Man.
Magneto and Titanium Man. Magneto and Titanium Man.
McCartney, man.
C.J., you look like Ernest Hemingway, buddy.
Yeah, you talk Hemingway.
I got a poem for you guys in celebration of the 500th episode.
By the way, thanks a lot.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
Well, you want me to get right to it?
Yeah, I kind of want to chat it up.
I think it's a good question for C question for senior after this because he doesn't
have much to say i wrote this as i sat waiting to go to shinny today i figured you know what
this requires this situation requires more than just a hey hello how you doing and boys i appreciate
it my first episode was episode 100 and uh i listened before and i've tuned in since and a
lot of good things have happened for me and my dad.
So before I want to say thank you before any of this.
Anyway, are we ready?
Ready, baby.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, little Beastie Boys inflection at the beginning.
Okay, so think Beastie Boys, Paul Revere.
That's the beat of this song, if it was a song.
But it's a poem.
Okay, here we go.
Here's a little story I got to tell about a few bad brothers you know so well.
It started way back in Boston town and took a little bit of time,
but they got it off the ground.
With Witter, R.A., and Grinnell Young Controls,
they talked shenanigans, hits, bites, and goals.
All of their special guests were truly unique,
from aging veterans with stories to current players at their peak.
They soon added more, not like a segment or a quiz,
I mean a rootin' tootin' shootin' pepper pot named Biz.
So now they were set and were well on their way.
The plan was tight and solid and was now in play.
They soon climbed the charts because they broke conventional rules.
When they asked me to come on, I tell you, I ain't no fool.
I hadn't had a chance to talk hockey in a while,
and I knew very well that these dudes were my style.
Where was there to go?
I'd say nowhere but up.
Next came Pink Whitney, Big Deal Brew, and the Chicklets Cup.
They came to Newfoundland and partied, and were such good lads.
We stayed in touch and did events.
They even took my dad.
He's an ex-pro, too.
We like to call him senior.
He likes to get loaded and has a chatty demeanor.
There's a story from Vegas and some girls from Guelph.
But on second thought, old man, I think I'll keep that to myself.
Armdog and Merles then came on the scene.
If the chicklets were king, game notes were their queen.
We've had good times and drank a lot of beer with the boys, the fans, memes, and Rick from Red Deer.
Yes, the past few years have been mighty fine, despite R.A.'s awful form from the free throw line.
He spoke about grade school like he was Larry Bird.
Then nothing but air.
He was throwing up turds.
But R.A.'s a gem.
Please take it from me.
And he's soon back again in Shorzy season three.
Chicklets Cup was fun.
We played the odd thriller.
And my new arch enemy became the no space killer.
Ah, shit.
Had to get him in.
But you know what I learned and can really claim?
It was a celebration of hockey when we played those games.
In a world so divided, these guys speak to everyone they
transcend our great game and are a lot of fun it's a podcast for the people no matter what city or
town the chicklets are united and good people deep down congrats to all you guys for what the show
became it's now a big part of the culture of our game. We love you fellas like Captain Kirk loves Spock.
Thanks from me and Senior and the boys from The Rock.
Congrats, boys.
That is incredible.
Take that, Eminem.
I got tears in my eyes, TR.
Senior, how did you give birth to such a wordsmith?
How did he learn all that?
Honest to God.
He's next to me, and he is my son, but he is good.
I got to say it.
Because he made me.
He was good in language in school, and he was good with words.
Only child with five million books around me that Senior likes to read.
And back when I said, when you listen to a vinyl record there's a there's
an absorbing there's an osmosis because you're reading the so i read a lot and a lot of it was
liner notes and albums and a lot of and my mom and dad would make me read or write most nights
whether it was 10 or 20 minutes it could be rolling stone magazine but there was a lot of
reading going on not that you asked but i gotta thank teddy purcell because he was the one who originally recommended getting you on the podcast because of all these amazing stories and
things that you've been through in your career, Terry. So the fact that you came on board with us,
the original episode where you couldn't hear us and it was a disaster to a fan base divided. I
know that they all love you now, and we couldn't be more thrilled at the fact that you've went on to exceed at so many other things, whether it's Shorzy.
Obviously, we love having you involved in Chicklets Cup, all these events now that you're doing, your book, of course.
And the fact that you brought that surprise, the poem to our show, we have another one for you.
And you mentioned Chicklets Cup.
We're going to announce to everyone right now live on this
podcast the first ever chicklets cup coming to canada wow wow the next one is going to be in
memes's hometown of london ontario yo baby what a town western party and at end of september
beginning of next season before the season kicks off. So Western University
will be rolling. It is going to be an absolute
shit show. Chaotic
Chicklets Cup coming back to
Canada and Senior
ready for one more rip.
Long time since I've been in London, man.
Last time I played against the London Knights was
72 and I haven't been back since.
So I'm looking forward to it.
We can't wait. I'll stare that year.
We'll see you guys at Joe Cool's, baby.
We're going to run it back.
Big deal.
Let's do it.
Boys, listen, you know, we really appreciate it.
And, you know, since you guys started, I'm in a parallel universe.
I appreciate that you guys have us on and have included us.
And me and Senior have been in touch with so many old friends and family and teammates because of all this and honestly i think i've said that i think there's
something about good people that we've all gone on to do some pretty good things knock on wood here
but we're all good people and that are a little bit fuck-ups once in a while but you know there's
yeah we're fuck-ups we're lovable fuck- though. And I appreciate you guys having us as part of this world.
He's one of those guys, too.
Now, have you guys found the tarantula in the basement?
What's his name again?
Thanks be to God, I never found it.
My wife was out sleeping literally in a tent in the garden,
wouldn't come in the house.
But I wouldn't give it the satisfaction of saying,
I'm afraid of a tarantula.
So I stayed inside.
I'd rather tarantula than that tent.
Yeah, yeah.
It's amazing how things come full circle.
Now, Terry Ryan has invented the fuck tent
all the way from his mom sleeping in the tent
because of the tarantula.
Now, maybe next Chicklets Cup in London,
we need to bring a pet tarantula as maybe like a team building tool.
Can you bring a pet tarantula from the rock?
Bring a pet tarantula.
If you said September in London, the weather's still pretty nice.
Maybe I'll stay in a fuck tent.
Oh.
Save money on hotel rooms.
That's a great idea.
Yeah, we love that.
That's a hell of an idea.
I don't know if there was anything else
you guys have for these boys, but
the chat just wants to know
if Dale Morningstar means his
sister is going to be in London. That is
uncomfortable. We don't know if she'll
be there just yet, but London,
we're coming. We'll see you at Joke.
She's going to be the ringleader of our team
cheerleaders. We're going to have cheerleaders. Danica
Morningstar. We're going to get a couple stripper poles in the middle of the room, and that's how we're going to be the ringleader of our team cheerleaders. We're going to have cheerleaders. Danica Morningstar. We're going to get a couple stripper poles in the middle of the room,
and that's how we're going to do our intro.
I got one last one, Biz.
Terry, Senor, I mean, I've got to know you guys pretty well.
I came up and visited you a few years ago.
It's a pleasure and honor to call you guys dear friends of mine,
and I'll be back here this summer.
I love you guys, and thanks for joining us on our 500.
You better know how to voice.
Love you.
Can't wait to see you. All of you guys. And thanks for joining us on our 500. You better know how to voice. Love you.
Can't wait to see you.
All of you guys.
I consider my real close friends.
You know, I see all of you guys.
I love you guys.
Yeah.
You know, I'm so happy.
Trust you and respect you.
We love you boys.
We love you, Connor, as well.
I know you were Connor the other day.
You said that the Instagram thing.
So comments.
It was an Irish wake.
People pass away around here. We tend to do the Irish
wake. And boy, we sent him off
well in the middle of the... I went home at
3 o'clock. Me and the con man had a
load in us, but we had a great time.
Good. You guys are legends. We
love you, boys, and we can't wait to
see you in London. Visit
Newfoundland. Newfoundland was a fucking
time, I'll tell you that. Those guys are the best, aren't
they? They're just the best.
Alright, boys, we're about to wrap up here.
I mean, Biz, G, we gotta
obviously thank the fans.
I mean, we're so blessed and lucky to do
what we do, especially me. I mean, you know,
G, we come from out of nowhere.
We led two pack of heads, led two other
pack of heads, and it's been a wild
ride, and nothing without the fans.
I mean, we go anywhere, whether it's a road trip ride and nothing without the fans i mean uh we go anywhere
whether it's a road trip i go to the warren tavern or if i go it i always run into somebody
and it's it's it's awesome people like do you ever get sick but i was like fuck no man i was
always a ham and egg when i was a kid i always want to be whatever wanted people to know who
you were and it's people come up to you as strangers and say they love what you do it's
the ultimate compliment i always say if you if you see somebody and you like what they do fucking tell the man it's it's good to share with them and it validates what you do. It's the ultimate compliment. I always say, if you see somebody and you like what they do,
fucking tell the man.
It's good to share with them, and it validates what they do,
and they want to hear it.
But I can't thank the fans enough, Paul.
It's just eight years of this.
The number's been consistent.
And the fact that eight years of podcasts,
that people still listen to us, I can't get over that,
especially with my voice with idiocy.
We're on it, and we love you guys.
We're all idiots.
Even the people in the chat, we're all idiots,
and that's why we love each other.
And just to reiterate what you're saying, R.A.,
the fact that we get to wake up every morning and have a purpose in our lives,
and especially for me, retiring from hockey,
the fact that something became even more important than my hockey career afterward,
I'm just forever grateful to you guys.
We love you guys.
Like I said,
you're the reason why we get up in the morning and we keep striving to
provide you guys entertainment.
And we're just one big,
happy family and we are forever grateful.
We love you.
And what a 500th episode.
And let's keep going,
man,
all the way to a thousand.
One last thing,
guys,
500 episodes.
It's a lot of people put in a lot of work just besides us for behind the Let's keep going, man. All the way to a thousand. One last thing, guys. 500 episodes.
It's a lot of people put in a lot of work just besides us for behind the scenes, salespeople, people at Barstool, especially our editors and all of our producers.
I get a lot of credit.
I get a lot of shit, too, from the team. But we have a lot of guys behind the scenes.
Fish, Pasha, Dale.
There's so many guys that help us out.
So shout out to them.
And again, most important, shout out to Chicklets Nation.
It's been a tough year for me.
So just Chicklets Nation has come through, came through for Witt.
So you guys changed my life and you change it every day.
So I love Chicklets Nation and Biz, RA, Witt.
I love you guys.
Love you too, buddy.
You nailed it.
The support that you guys showed g through this
difficult time and as well as wit the other day with what he's got going on and throughout any of
our our tumultuous times you guys are the best you guys are our rock and uh what a great way to end
it g yeah i'm gonna just to piggyback on that you know like you you guys i can be a pain in the ass
sometimes that i don't mean to and it's and it's been like geez we you know apples and
cantaloupes with me and G going through right now and
you know I just love you guys and I just want to thank you
for you know empathy and understanding
and what I've been through lately I love you
boys and fuck it let's move on
see you in London boys
see you in London
see you in London everybody
woo
you can get liquor cheap but how much is your love See you in London, everybody. Woo-wee! I don't know what else to say. I like to poke the bear, I like to stir the pot.
But baby, come on in and take it up a notch.
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. I said she needs a detox to cleanse her mind.
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again.
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan.
But I said something that crossed the line. Thank you. She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
We've been so on time
