Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
It's my duty to please the booty.
And Muzz got mad at me. The coach said, he goes, Jesus Christ, why don't you just wear two nines?
And I went, okay.
Ah, I'll stretch the palm.
Please, please, please never do that.
Yep.
Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 503 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, everybody?
It's been about a half a minute since we last commiserated here.
Got a couple 2-1 conference final lead.
Dallas out west.
The Rangers back east.
We'll get that shortly.
But first, we got to say what's up to the boys.
It's been a minute.
Paul Biznasty.
Bissonnette.
What's shaking, my man?
Oh, you know, just living out of a hotel, getting bodied by Wayne on the broadcast.
The usual. The usual. Oh, standard know, just living out of a hotel, getting bodied by Wayne on the broadcast. The usual.
The usual.
Oh, standard.
The standard.
I have the stinkiest ass right now.
I can't stop farting.
My room smells like a big, giant fart.
Have you just been eating like trash?
You never eat bad.
I've been eating okay. I mean, I go through waves.
Sometimes they got the MMs and the chocolate almonds there just staring you in the face.
So you're sitting in bed at night and you're like, ah, okay.
And then you do a little tokey-tokey and then you have the MMs.
Then you're real hungry.
Then you're really hungry.
Next thing you know, you're calling out more MMs.
So yeah, I've been in one.
So I got a stinky arse as a result of it.
But that's pretty much all for me, boys, other than watching hockey.
Are you getting ready to crave a beer?
Like I know like draft, you'll be drinking.
Are you craving a drink?
Like it's been what, seven months?
Yeah, because like even after the broadcast, I think it's been since, what's it been?
Since August 31st or August 30th.
I haven't had a drink since.
So I don't know.
Like Wayne and the guys are having a couple pops after,
and you just sit there like the loser, right?
Well, I'm California sober, so I go down, I have a couple tokes,
and I come back up, and I kind of sling it like I would if I'm having drinks.
Yeah, this guy's more mangled than us, and we've been drinking drinks.
But, actually, we were with, who was it, Army, Mike Kelly,
and I forget the guy, I'm drawing a blank,
is the play-by-play guy for the radio.
Steve Mares.
Yeah, he does an unreal job there with the Penguins.
And he knows Army, right?
So we all went up to Wayne's room and just, you know,
the stories get flying the usual.
And, yeah, I think the first cocktail I'm going to have
is probably going to be a tequila soda.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, obviously when we get together in, I don't know where it's going to be now. I thought it was going to be a tequila soda and then obviously okay yeah obviously when we
get together and uh and i don't know where it's going to be now i thought it was going to be for
lauderdale but the team of destiny keeps fucking rifling off wins here but even if we end up in
new york i'm going to be just crippling pink whitney onesies down the hatch down the hatch
all right i'm going to be in i'm going to be in full ra mode when i see you in the finals
you're going to hey you guys are going to be taking care of me for once.
Not R.A.
You're going to be taking care of me.
R.A., you're on biz duty during the finals.
R.A., Raya.
You're like R.A. all over the place.
R.A., Y.A., R.A.
Next up, the wit dog, Raya Whitney.
How are we doing, my friend?
I'm doing phenomenal.
First off, let's get this out of the way.
This show is presented by Pink Whitney.
Had an amazing
Memorial Day weekend and Pink
Whitney had a lot to do with
that, right? We had the drinks flowing.
The weather here.
I know, like talking about weather, sometimes
if you're talking about weather, you're a loser.
It was like 69 to
71 degrees, zero
humidity, not a cloud in the sky for four straight days.
It's just Memorial Day weekend, Pink Whitney.
So we had the big bottle going, a Monster 1.75, and then some people brought the nips.
An amazing cookout we were able to have.
Cal's home.
We were lighting it up.
Family, friends, had a blast.
So shout out, Pink Whitney.
Go grab yours. Take your shot. Go to the bar. Go to Family, friends, had a blast. So shout out Pink Whitney. Go grab yours.
Take your shot. Go to the bar.
Go to the liquor store. Whatever you want.
Thank you so much to New Amsterdam. Guys,
some amazing hockey.
I mean, I'm a little down in the dumps today.
How could I not be with that game three in Edmonton?
Yeah.
That's a choke job.
They just had a horrible second period.
I don't I don't call that a choke.
Like if they'd done that in the third, if it was two nothing going into the third and they lose that way, I'd say choke.
No matter what, though, the most disheartening, deflating kick in the dick.
We have to win three of four games against Dallas is I think that's impossible feeling right now for myself.
But the hockey itself has been
so fun to watch. I mean, that three o'clock
Rangers game on Sunday.
Best game of the playoffs.
Holy shit. Yeah, best game of the playoffs.
I'll give you that. The fact that we haven't
met and talked up in so long, we get to go
over all these series is exciting for me.
And also, summer has
officially began. I feel like after Memorial Day,
all right, summertime, summertime. I got
a ton of stuff to do around the house. You guys
know me. I'm a real
failure to launch
in the DIY category
that's do-it-yourself biz.
There's many men who can do
many. I'm the worst handyman
going. Worst handyman going.
The grill was broken the other day.
Oh.
And I fixed it.
I texted my brother-in-law.
I texted my buddy.
I texted all the do-it-yourself people that I know, and none of them could help.
And you know what?
I did it.
I figured it out.
And you know what was wrong with it?
What did you do?
YouTube to figure it out?
I wasn't.
No, no, no.
I hadn't plugged in the tank.
Oh, that'll do it.
Yeah, that'll help.
Just being able to do that and feel like a man and grab that.
What's the tank called?
Propane.
Propane tank wasn't plugged in, Miz.
Sometimes it's the little simple things.
So I'm flying around this weekend.
I'm feeling good.
Next thing you know, you're going to be hunting in Jackson.
Oh, for sure.
I'll be killing buffaloes with you doing some yoga and just be in California sober talking about the mountain tops and the water.
I bet you you've done yoga more times in your life than I've done yoga.
The last time I did yoga, I couldn't walk for like three weeks.
It was three years ago.
I haven't done it since.
All right. You've done yoga, right? In college. No, wicked lot of fat in yoga. I couldn't walk for like three weeks. It was three years ago. I haven't done it since. All right. You've done yoga,
right? In college.
No, wicked lot of fat in yoga.
That's why he doesn't do it. No, I took college.
It was one of my college gym classes. Yeah, that's when I took yoga.
Yoga. I didn't go like locally and
walk around my town. You got a full credit for going
yoga what, every day?
No, once a week. I took yoga
and ice skating on my two gyms I took at college.
We had ice skating too. I took yoga and ice skating on my two gyms. I took a college. Yeah. We had ice skating too.
I've seen you ice skate.
Yeah.
No, dude.
Honestly, I wish I took that class
when I was four years old.
It was the,
no, the hockey coach taught it.
I wish someone told me
when I was five years old.
I mean, I still would have sucked skating,
but head up, chest up, knees bent.
And I was like, oh,
that was that simple.
You did neither when you got on the ice
when we saw you.
I know, that was,
I should have,
I should have politely declined that day.
I was, I definitely wouldn't have done my mojo that day.
You were skating like Leon Dreisaitl.
I think you were bothered that day, though, wasn't he?
You were skating like Dreisaitl with the locked knees.
Also, propane and propane accessories.
Leon's not our problem.
I mean, Leon's the problem?
He's skating like Patty Maroon right now.
I think he needs to bend his knees a little more.
That's just my opinion.
I would hate a little knee bend.
Problems between me and him.
All right.
How was your weekend, buddy?
What the fuck did you do?
Really very chill.
Friday, I went down to the club with my cousin.
I watched the Friday night game with my boy Rizzo Botten.
And then Saturday, Sunday, I just chilled in.
I stayed in.
I was a little beat.
I just kind of rested up.
Didn't do much of anything.
That weather, you just sat around inside?
Good for you, R.A. That's why you're fresh for
the pod. You're being fucking disciplined.
Try it sometime, Whit.
Yeah, very low-key weekend. But even like
historical Memorial Day weekends, I never did
much. Because I always go away when, you know, instead
of going when everyone goes, it's crowded. I like to go to places
when, you know, it's not a huge weekend.
Less people. Well, since we're talking about it,
we have to, like, the men and women
who have served, you know, I've lived in the United States most of my adult life. It's an incredible place
to live. And the people who have sacrificed to make it as unreal as it is, we love you and shout
out to you. And, you know, we get to enjoy a holiday because of it as well. So, uh, we love
you guys and thank you for all your service. Yes. That's the reason to remember that is that holiday.
And a lot of people who are serving and have served are big fans. We've
gotten to meet a bunch of them at our
events. So thank you so much to you.
There's a big
weekend in Nantucket this past weekend
called Fagawi. It's like a sailing race
from Cape Cod to Nantucket, I think.
But it's turned into just a party weekend for
young to mid-20s.
That's where I cut my finger off a few years ago.
You guys remember that?
Yeah, exactly.
There's this new thing where I guess it's not new.
These houses all look pretty similar.
They have to be painted like a similar way.
They're very close together.
Yeah, H-O-A's.
Yeah, well, these people are getting smothered, and they think they're in in their house and they're walking into houses passing out.
It isn't their house.
My brother-in-law's buddy, apparently he woke up and the tub was overflowing and there's police officers standing over him.
He flooded somebody's entire like top floor.
It wasn't even his house.
He turned on the tub.
The tub had overflown.
He passed out.
It wasn't even his crib.
So these people, these young bucks, I think Pink Whitney might have had a lot to do with that. He turned on the tub. The tub had overflown. He'd passed out. It wasn't even his crib.
So these people, these young bucks, I think Pink Whitney might have had a lot to do with that.
That's one of the things that's great about Pink Whitney.
He showed out Pink Whitney, but maybe keep those off your arrest records.
I just couldn't believe hearing it.
That's why I don't go over to Nantucket this weekend, Baze.
I'm old.
I'm mature.
I took the weekend easy like R.A.
I used to do it back in the day for Gowie when I was a young man.
Tough to keep up, man, at this stage of the game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like you just said, Memorial Day, you know, obviously that's an acknowledgement of all the soldiers, sailors, Marines who gave their life in the line of duty. And, you know, I mentioned before the show, I actually have a great, great uncle who's buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
My great, great uncle, Hugh McGonigal.
He immigrated from Ireland and he was in his earlys, and he joined the U.S. Navy
because, you know, if you served, you would get citizenship.
And he was killed on the USS The Main in Havana Harbor,
which was the lead-up to the Spanish-American War.
So they were able to take some of the deceased out and bury them,
and then they went back years later and disinterred many more.
So, like, 90 of the men killed, you know, they put back got them and they were the first soul uh soldiers or sailors
who were killed overseas and buried at allington national and what's crazy with i was at allington
national cemetery had no idea me and uh me and the old lady were there about 10 15 years ago and we
were at the tomb of the unknown soldier and i looked at the map it said uss maine i says son
of a bitch i had a great great uncle on I had no idea there was even a memorial there.
We went over it, but they had the mass from the ship there
on a big concrete tomb.
And unbeknownst to me, to visit that place,
to be there for hours and know the solemnity of the place,
how much respect there is, and then find your surname on a stone.
It was an incredibly moving day.
So, yeah, Godspeed to my great great uncle, Hugh,
who gave his life and the line of duty to the state.
Thanks for sharing that, buddy.
Yeah, I figured I would.
You're buzzing right now.
That rest.
Back to back pods.
You've been getting the rest, man.
Is your earpiece okay, though?
You keep doing the earpiece thing.
It is fidgety.
Plus, it gets oily, too.
Like, I got to, like, screw around with it.
Oh, yeah.
Could you imagine this guy's
i had to say oily oh my god we should make like a dare where like somebody has to eat the earwax
out of your your earphone oh jesus christ we can't leave our boy mikey g producer alone what's up
pal how was your mdw as the kids call it uh it was very relaxing. I will say I'm a little distracted.
The rumor boys just got a text that
some big news between Will Smith
and the San Jose Sharks could be breaking
any minute here. So little
rumor boys to start off the show. I told you guys
this weeks ago. That he's
signing with the San Jose Sharks?
That's what I was told. What was
holding it back? Was he
thinking about actually going back to college?
I,
I,
I've heard,
I've heard a couple of different things.
I,
I,
I'm not going to get into it until it's official,
but I was told this few weeks ago,
but everything else I say doesn't end up happening.
So I just texted the group.
I said,
Merle's you want to run with this?
Merle's is as trigger shy as anyone's ever.
Oh yeah.
He's pathetic.
Merle's everything. He, everything he tweets doesn't happen.
Then everything he gets ends up happening, and he has it like 10 days before the news breaks.
So now he's in his own.
And then wants credit for it when it breaks.
And he didn't have the balls to post it.
And then you're getting shit on in the group text.
I'm like, motherfucker, you had this in the group text 10 days ago.
Why don't you fucking put your cojones on the line like everybody else on the pod does?
Biz, I think the holdup, though, was he was waiting to see who won the lottery because it mattered, really.
If it wasn't San Jose, he probably would have gone back to BC.
But now that it's San Jose, if Celebrini's going, he's probably going to go as well.
He's been in check at Worlds right now.
So it's not like his agent can get a legit answer from him.
I just don't understand why these kids would turn pro to go play for San Jose.
The San Jose Sharks have a couple years coming up of being exactly like this year.
Just horrendous.
Why would you rush to leave school to go there?
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
But that's why I'm sitting behind this microphone
uh fixing up fixing grills and being dad of the year so what do i know
but on my weekend all right yes well my weekend super chill didn't do much first time in years
i haven't been you know throwing the napkins at djs on memorial day weekend oh you're a napkin
thrower oh yeah everyone is at DJs though. But,
uh,
so missed out on that.
My girlfriend did launch her new app called shop rodeo. So we got to,
uh,
have a few drinks and celebrate that.
Well,
she can't drink,
but I got to have a few and celebrate that.
But other than that,
really did nothing.
Just watched a ton of hockey.
There you go.
Not that nothing wrong with that.
With the oil is man last night.
Great.
First period,
10, three shot advantage to not lead first. We got to get McDavid man, last night, great first period. 10-3 shot advantage, two-dunton lead.
First, we got to give McDavid a stroke him off first.
First and foremost, he assisted on Hyman.
The first goal got his second goal.
It was his.
And with those two points, he became the fourth fastest to hit 100 playoff points,
doing it in just 64 games.
Only Gretzky, Lemieux, and his teammate, Leon Dreisaitl, have done it in fewer games.
Yari Curry is fifth with 67.
Just an unreal stat.
I know we rattle these off every week, but that's just how goddamn good the kid is.
And moving along to Dallas.
Now, I don't know if you heard the quote.
Kevin Bieksa was talking on Sportsnet, and he said that Rick Bonas had told him that,
quote, when you get Hintz back, you get Robertson back.
Rupe Hintz was back in the lineup last night.
He was the primary assist on two of Robertson's three goals.
Just an absolute force. Robertson was last night. Feels like he primary assist on Tua Robertson's three goals. Just an absolute force.
Robertson was last night.
Feels like he turned that switch on.
How are you feeling going forward?
Any confidence still in this Edmonton squad?
I have confidence.
It's dwindled a little bit.
How would it not?
That was just crushing yesterday.
And I don't understand it.
There were so many different parts of that game
that were just so frustrating to watch
and be a part of as a fan
and as a viewer and the starts incredible their starts have been awesome in all these games which
is that's that's okay let's go to the bright sides for bright side first I think people thought that
this series would be over in five games or Dallas which is a possibility still not saying that's not
a possibility but I would say after the first two games, it's like, alright, I think these two teams
are closer together
in competitiveness than a lot of people thought coming
in. Would you guys agree with that?
Yes.
That's a positive.
That's a positive.
You get the split on the road. That's a positive.
Although, game two.
So you get home, you get to game three,
and with all of the remaining teams in the Stanley Cup playoffs,
the atmosphere and the vibe and what's going on in Edmonton
is crazier than maybe the other three combined.
Rangers fans won't love it.
Stars fans won't love it.
Panthers fans won't love it.
These games in Edmonton and the energy in the city
and the energy leading into puck drop
and the fans in the arena for warms, it's incredible.
And what happens?
They come out and they just thrive off that.
And that first period, dominant.
I mean, to get out of that, it could have been 3 or 4-0.
And as this series has gone along, even when Edmonton scores,
it's like you need another one, you need another one against this team.
But we got out of that period 2- incredible effort everyone looked good to sit there in the locker room and
i don't know if it is thinking hey we got these guys this is our night i don't know if it's like
hey uh they're not ready to play and nothing's going to change from our side and we can continue
to do what we're doing but they came out and had i don't know it
might have been the worst period of their season they got hemmed in the first like three and a
half minutes of the period they couldn't get the puck out of the zone they couldn't get the puck
the first three three turnovers on the lines the dallas just they were changing with six shots
six shots in that three and a half minutes and I think at one point the shots were 14 to nothing to start that second period.
And so, for me, it's like, how do you come out and think it's going to be that easy?
Or forget, like, if you want to look at your effort in the first and say, continue that and we're fine.
You've got to understand that Dallas, this is a championship caliber team.
I mean, these guys, Western Conference Finals last year this year they've ran through the past two Stanley Cup
champs do you think that after a first period in a game three where they're down to nothing they're
not coming out a completely different hockey club and they get road team all year in the regular
season and playoffs six and yeah they're six and one now on the road. How do you do that? So that's my thing.
So you get the second period. Now that second period,
you look at all the goals.
Edmonton had the puck on their stick
on all three of those goals
at the blue line. Get the puck
out of the zone.
You were on the broadcast. You guys were talking around the intermission.
Get the puck out of the zone.
Buddy, nobody wanted to talk about it.
If you watch each goal
on the first goal, go back to last game.
I was complimentary of Nugent Hopkins.
Hyman had it in the middle of the ice, right?
And he was skating up and he got it poked away and it was going back the other way.
But Nugent stayed on the defensive side of it.
He stopped up, got it back, and then dumped it in, made the safe play, right?
So in this one, you see it's a 50-50 puck battle
with Nuge and someone else.
Yeah, could Nuge have won the puck battle?
Sure, but it's a 50-50, and it gets poked at,
and it goes right to the blue line.
And did you see where Hyman went?
He faded all the way to the red line.
You're up 2-0 at home
against the best Western Conference team all season, the best
road team, and a team who doesn't
they'll play a full 60.
They're not giving in. And the last
game, they just did the exact same thing
to you. So you think you would learn
from it. So then that happens.
It gets kept in. We're not done
there. Did you see what happened
when Robertson was near the blue line
and he cycled the puck
down the wall? Both Hyman and McDavid don't touch him. Don't bump him. They just curl towards the
wall and they look back down the wall and Robertson just finds the free ice. McDavid didn't have
enough time to recover. And you said it. If, if you get hints back you get robertson back i think ace
brought up the stat on the broadcast in six games this season where um robertson didn't have hints
he had three assists all the rest of the games in the season he had like whatever 30 something goals
or whatever so robertson is not that fast hints is the one who does all the work puts it in the
fucking good areas and he's just
the shooter. Shooter, shoot. He even said
it after the game. So that's
the first one. And on the second
one, and I don't want to...
The second one was infuriating.
There's four
Oilers standing in the crease.
Bud, Ekholm
and Sagan have the
battle at the blue line.
Great job by Sagan, and you can't say enough about his play so far this playoffs.
He's been a dog.
He's winning all those 50-50 battles.
He's coming up key in big moments.
He's making fucking sick plays like passing plays.
So it's a 50-50 battle there.
Once again, like you said, they keep it inside the blue line.
But because Ekholm was up McDavid was that
second guy back so all of a sudden two Dallas guys go to the net and then McDavid gets caught
in no man's land so then all of a sudden when fucking Ekholm's coming back he's kind of looking
at an open guy in the net front so he leaves his guy I know Sagan wasn't the one who scored
but establishing who your guy is right away creates less confusion as everybody's
coming to the net, and then Robertson's just by
himself, and everybody's just standing around
holding their fucking dick.
Buddy, that's when I
say, choke job.
Stay on the fucking defensive
side of the puck, man. What are you doing?
That's what I don't get.
They were playing preseason
hockey. Up 2-0 at home, dude. Yeah, you had a great period. There's two more periods. And then and then. OK. I don't get how you don't call a timeout. All right. You haven't touched the puck in this period. And they just made it two to two, like a minute apart, whatever it was, two minutes apart.
it two to two, like a minute apart, whatever it was, two minutes apart.
Call timeout.
Call timeout.
Bring the team in.
I know when they had that timeout in Vancouver, who was talking to the entire team?
I don't remember right now off the top of my head.
Somebody in Edmonton's talking to the group.
Do it again.
Just be like, guys, you want to rip them if Knobloch wants to rip them?
Whatever you have to do.
Like, we are getting drummed in our own barn.
We were up 2-0.
It's now 2-2.
We're fine, though.
It's a tie game.
No.
No timeout.
And what happens?
DeJarne, who's been really good for the Oilers.
He has been.
He had one of the worst shifts, I think, of his career.
You have to watch the Wyatt Johnson.
He has the puck on his stick.
He doesn't get it out.
And he goes back to the net, doesn't pick up Wyatt Johnson,
falls over Skinner after.
It's 3-2. It's like, oh, my God.
Just the amount of momentum that Dallas was building
from the opening puck drop of the second,
and it didn't slow down.
And all of a sudden,
in the span of five minutes, you're down 3-2.
And from then, even though they tied it,
Henrik got a big goal coming back into the lineup,
it's still like, Jesus Christ, you had this game in complete control,
and you came out with nothing in the second period.
And now it's for sure a must-win game four,
because you're not winning three in a row against win game four because you can't you can't you're not
winning three in a row against this team but you brought up the hints thing i knew we got lucky
with him being out at the beginning of this series he was going to come back i think for the group
chat i said i don't think i think i even posted on twitter i didn't think that dallas could win
the series without hints he's that good he's that you're losing your first line center like that's fucking who can do that
and then we have knob block also he puts nurse and cc back together
this nurse and cc pair nurse makes 12 million next year nurse that's that's the thing like
nurse i've been very open about nurse is not a bad NHL player. He can skate.
He can be physical.
9.25 AAV.
He's horrible.
If you're looking at salaries and if you're looking what you need of your
highest paid guys and a 9.25 million dollar.
I take Marner at 14.
He's got to carry.
What?
I take Marner at 14.
He has to carry his pair.
And CeCe was better than him.
They both together.
It's like you can't.
They cannot play together.
I don't understand putting them back together.
I don't understand that.
And like when they're out on the ice and the puck's chipped in and it's a 50-50 race,
somehow every single time Dallas ends up with the puck or on the offensive side,
inside their man, and the cycle begins, and there we go.
And so I don't really get why you put
Edmonton is horrible from behind.
When the puck comes from below the goal line, it's like they're lost.
They're a lost little puppy out there.
They're not good on their own end.
I mean, overall, Edmonton, it was one period.
Other than that, they've played well in this series.
And they've actually got depth scoring.
They got Connor Brown playing well.
And then it seems to be that when they get Connor Brown
and some depth guys going, then the Stars don't score.
So it's like they can't put it all together.
And Skinner, that fourth goal. Here's the thing don't score. So it's like they can't put it all together. And Skinner, that fourth goal.
Here's the thing about Skinner.
He made some insane saves when it was 2-2.
He made that save on Wyatt Johnson cutting through the middle.
He made a save on Marshman when it was 3-2.
Sick backhand with the gloves.
He was playing.
There wasn't much he could do on the first three, whatever.
I guess the second, Robertson won the backhander.
But like we said, there's four guys standing around not covering anyone.
But then, it's 3-3.
And I don't know what Hank said.
I didn't see after the game.
He said he reached.
How does it go in?
Because Robertson talked after the game about the fact that he learned that
from working with the goalies constantly after practice.
So you know what their tendencies are and where things will open up.
So as Skinner got kind of outweighed, he held on to it, held on to it.
Somebody's going to make a move at some point, right?
But I don't think he would have had to move.
Skinner had the post just.
Correct.
Right.
I don't think he would have had to move.
Skinner had the post just correct.
So he,
so he,
he,
he bit and he then put out as soon as he put out the blocker,
Robertson knows that when you do that, there's a gap where you can shoot it and it might bank in,
you know,
not every time are you hitting the bank,
but it's like,
where's my possibility where the holes open?
And it was off of that kind of like lower pad area.
And he,
and he snuck it in.
I agree. Like Hank said, he goes, and he snuck it in. I agree.
Like Hank said, he goes, you just stay on your post.
Like what's he going to do?
He's like almost behind the goal line, or he is at that point.
Just stay on your post.
And he just, yeah, he panicked.
So bad goal.
And another thing, too, Whit, like the first two goals they scored,
any time they felt any type of pressure, they did the flip play.
They did it twice, and they ended up scoring both times off of it.
I felt like in the New York and Florida series, both teams do it.
Florida does it more where they put it, and their forward just kind of
and it pushes their D off, right?
Because as a D man, when you're putting that in the air, you're like,
I got to retreat because I don't know which way this is bouncing,
and I have these fast guys coming at me and they're going full bore.
So if it takes a hop towards my net and I'm trying to play it outside the blue,
maybe I'm fucked and I'm getting beat for either an odd man rush or a breakaway.
But in both times, like even the one, I think it was,
might've been the second one where it was Haskinen or maybe it was the first one.
Haskinen is going back and even he's like, oh fuck.
And that's Haskinen.
And then they get on the four check. And that's the one thing for me too, is like with and even he's like, oh, fuck. And that's Haskinen. And then they get on the forecheck.
And that's the one thing for me too is like with Edmonton is they had their foot on the gas.
And in the last two periods, the last two games, you could see every time they're about to make a move,
there's like a split second hesitation where it's like, buddy, you were just fucking going, going, going,
and you weren't thinking about it in the first period.
And that's why you're having success.
That's why Dallas is so good. because when they go and they smell blood,
they just go, they go, they go. Even in the defensive zone, every time
they outnumber you where the puck is, if the puck goes in the corner, they're going to
send three. If you got two right away, they're going to quickly win the battle, and then boom,
they're gone. And if they feel any type of that pressure on
them in the O zone, they'll relieve pressure
and go to the weak side.
Dallas has been doing an
unbelievable job in the last two
periods of the last two games of
winning those 50-50 battles,
but they're just relentless. And because
they play with those four lines,
go back to game, was it game two at home?
He makes,
DeBoer makes the move.
And Wayne said it because he felt that they didn't have enough size.
They were playing unbelievable on the fourth line,
but they didn't have enough size.
So DeBoer moved Marchant, who I think was playing on the first line,
down with Steele.
And who was the other guy on that line?
Was it DeAndra?
DeLandra?
Foxa, maybe?
No, it's not Foxa. I think it was DeLandria. Because he, maybe? No, it's not Foxa.
I think it was DeLandria.
Because he came out when Hintz came back down.
Because he had to come out, but they were incredible.
Every analytic stat.
So, fucking, they end up working them down low, and boom,
how do they end up getting their goal?
And another thing, too, that fourth line for them in that third period,
I think they had two shifts against the McDavid line
when they were working them.
So it goes back to Vegas last year, and it's a compliment to Dallas.
And I know we're sitting on here talking about how Edmonton choked it away
and what's Edmonton doing wrong.
Dallas is a great team.
Dallas is incredible.
They're like Vegas from last year.
They can rely on every single guy in their lineup.
The only thing they don't have, though, is that 6D man. petrovic has has been solid he's playing more than that other guy but if hawk and
paw comes back it's like they literally are are fucking vegas from last year just every position
every single player from dallas has like stepped up and had a huge game or a huge moment or huge
stretch of time maybe other than pavelski, but you know,
he's getting two now next game.
And also biz,
if you look at the leaders and you look at the captains of Vegas and Dallas
and,
and the comparison between these teams,
Jamie Ben right now,
am I crazy to think like four years ago,
Jamie Bennett looked like,
oh,
it's kind of coming to an end here.
He was slow.
He looked slow. He looked slow.
He doesn't look slow anymore.
You look, you remember the time when they, when Sagan and Ben were called out by, it
wasn't the owner.
It was like the president.
Was it?
Jim Miller, right?
No, it wasn't Jim Miller.
It was like Hicks or something.
They sent some cronies.
It was the owner, I think.
No, it wasn't.
I think they sent some cronies.
I don't think he's the owner.
I think he's like right under the owner.
We could be butchering this,
but he called those guys out in amazing fashion,
like shocking to see.
And they both have been two of their best players.
These guys,
they found something.
They found the fountain of youth and probably it has some Jim lights.
What Jim lights,
the Dallas star CEO is who called them out.
The quarter.
They have so much depth.
They have so much depth that these guys are able to just do their thing,
not have to carry the entire team.
That's why Hint's coming back so important.
But Jamie Benn, he's Mark Stone.
He is just a Western League warrior that's out there running people over,
scoring big goals.
I mean, he scores on the first shot of the game in game two.
And this is their leader.
And this guy has shown up to play every single game.
Biz mentioned Sagan.
He comes up.
He plays center with Hins injured.
He goes back to the wing last night.
And it's just guys that have totally changed their game around from, like,
four years ago where you look like they were kind of washed.
They're not even close to washed. Well then second had second had some nagging injuries where this is
this would have been the criticism true man jamie ben looks slow and he can't produce like he like
he used to and second like ah he kind of is lost between like he can't be that high-end scorer
anymore and he doesn't really check hard enough both guys ben doesn't look
slow anymore segan wins every fucking puck battle and he like he's like all of a sudden a swiss army
knife how many points you think they have combined since the first game and uh against colorado
in playoffs ben and segan combined since the start of the second round so that would have been, that was six games and nine games combined. They might have 13 points,
17.
Now they had 13 points combined going into last game.
And each of them had two points in,
in game three,
17 points.
Wow.
We do have a guest we're going to bring on right about now.
He's returning to the program.
It's been a few minutes since we had on this great Dallas stars,
legend,
the goalie himself, Marty
Turco. Where are you, my friend?
Welcome to Spitting Checklets. It's been a minute.
How you been, buddy? I'm great.
How you boys doing? Well, you're joining
us. You're dealing with like tornadoes
in your area and shit? Yeah,
we had one touchdown
probably five miles
from our house
here right in Dallas,
this crazy storm. And so for all those Dallas, you know, if everybody's okay,
my sister's in from, and her husband from Canada. And we, I mean,
we had to take shelter. You never know. And it's kind of, kind of scary.
So we're, I'm at the office now for the Freestone club that I do some work with
and their internet's out too. So I'm streaming the office now for the Freestone Club that I do some work with, and their internet's out too.
So I'm streaming off my phone.
Hopefully you can hear me and see me fine.
Oh, you sound great.
We appreciate it.
Actually, we can ask you because we were just talking about when lights a few
years ago lit up, Stegan and Ben, and how different they look now
and how they look faster and quicker.
What have you seen change with these two guys from a few years ago
where they were struggling?
I mentioned maybe the depth where they don't have to be the guys anymore,
but you've seen it up close and personal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was,
I mean,
right before the winter classic.
And I mean,
right before,
you know,
you have you on for the first time.
So again,
appreciate it.
But those,
those two guys are,
you know,
you know, they, they are great players and they certainly were and i think it was the team wasn't as good
they you know they had some injuries they're dealing with no one gave a crap because you're
making so much money and they just expected more and we're supposed to carry the torch and they
had their faces plastered all over the city and so i think emotions got the best of uh anybody to to say that about those guys but uh specifically
i will say this what we have done the down stars have done here is this is the first year that
we've had uh taken a real hard look at our sports science uh programs and so Troy Von Biesen, who I've known for a long time,
and Mauro and I used to fly him around the playoffs
and pay for it ourselves back in the day,
he's overseeing everything.
And so the combination of having a deep team,
not having to be the guys,
Wyatt Johnson playing with Jamie Benn,
and then this year specifically,
Duchesne coming in to play with Segi and Marchman
have really just elevated this guy's game
and you know I
heard Biz talking about being a Swiss Army
Knife as Segi's on pox he's
you know at times he looks like he's chair picking but
our D we got solid D they're firing him up there
in the seams he is a dog
on a bone out there at times it's great
to watch Jamie got a little
lighter got a little meaner,
and he fixed whatever he had to fix off the ice and off seasons.
And, you know, coupled with our programming, you know, for sleep, food,
all that stuff, how it works in the gym, you know, rehab, prehab,
whatever they need to do, I think that not only just helps physically,
but helps you mentally knowing that, you know, you're at your best but uh i really think the youthfulness of of wyatt uh some intelligence and some leadership added by pavelski uh has
really helped these guys to just take a lot off their plate and just get out there and play and
that's all these guys want to do they just want to win they want to be part of a team
and championship and right now um you know our stars are good at chances any and it does help
you know 17 points in the
second round like this said it is absolutely crazy but it's not when you watch these guys play and
who they're playing with as well so they they're stars again or they're complimentary doesn't
matter they just want to win and right now they're doing that so you uh you kind of mentioned like
maybe jamie ben and second buying a little bit more like knowing what they need to fix away from
the rink and getting a little bit lighter and more in shape?
Like how much influence has DeBoer had on these guys?
Or obviously you have to take the accountability yourself,
but how much has it been DeBoer getting all these guys to buy in
and understand what's at stake and what their bar is?
Well, I think that's important, right?
Believing in the coach, believing in the system,
having a high level of communication.
Pete's a great guy, but he's, he's the leader.
And it's, you know, in the locker room,
there's no wishy-washy with them,
but it does in such a great personal way
that it just, it's attractive to guys.
And having a deep team, again, really does help, you know,
where you can just roll out pretty much anybody.
And to have, you know, Craig Smith and Sam Steele or Delandria or Roderick Fox,
you know, a number of these guys on our fourth line,
and trusting them in any situation to get out there
and maybe not have expectation for points really does help.
But Pete seems to be pushing the right buttons.
He's had multiple conversations with them when he first got here.
He trusts him a
lot i mean jamie and tyler play in the pk uh which at times we're like why would we do that we want
these guys be fresh when we're asking them to put points on but now it's like who's putting our best
foot forward uh with with you know with our deep lineup and so this is the best four lineup we've
had in the history of our organization uh No offense to the 99 team or anybody.
It's just, these guys are good.
And, you know, Tyler and Jamie are benefiting the most from it.
So they made a conscious effort to actually start getting Heskinen
out there against McDavid.
It had been Lundell and Tanev.
And then last game, I noticed Heskinen's on the ice every single time.
Game two as well, I believe.
That guy is amazing to watch.
The way he skates, the way he moves the puck, even his empty netter.
He is.
What's he like around the room?
Is he quiet?
Is he a quiet leader?
What's he like in the gym?
I imagine he's just a beast everywhere.
Yeah, he's the Nicholas Lidstrom type where it's just natural for him
his hockey iq is off the charts he's an intelligent kid but he is quiet he's a quiet leader but he is
our best player and this is a time of year that you see it sometimes you know being drafted just
out of kale mccarr you're like you know could he have more points like kale but you know, being drafted just out of Kale McCarr, you're like, you know, could he have more points like Kale?
But, you know, at the end of the day,
it's all making the playoffs and having success in it.
And we can't have it without Miro Haskinen.
I'm glad you noticed him being on the ice a little bit more
because I've been yearning for that as well.
He is the ultimate shutdown guy with an offensive flair.
He just has the speed, the poise, the calmness, but the real
intelligence to get out there and play
with the Connor McDavids of the world.
And, you know, last series,
he had to take down
the Colorado
guys. And that's him. That's what he does.
And so he's built for the playoffs. He's built
to play against top-level players. That's why
he plays the top pair for Team Finland
when he plays the Olympics
or any of those championships.
And he's all-world.
And, you know, if you always say, who would you miss the most?
You know, forward, goalie, this guy.
It's Miro.
And by a landslide.
It's because of what he does, you know, against those top guys.
So it's fun to watch.
I'm glad you noticed that, too.
Mahadi, even with the veteran still contributing a lot,
it doesn't,
it doesn't feel like it's like sort of a dawn of a new era when you've got
guys like Stanko over and,
you know,
Robo,
Wyatt Johnson,
Otter,
Marrow,
still only 24 years old.
I mean,
it's like this new era is already here,
but you still kind of,
you know,
have this connective tissue to an older era as well.
Yeah,
we got,
we got everything,
you know,
we had kids turning 21 in this playoffs.
We have had guys turn 40.
And it is quite a nice mix to see it.
We had a lot of vets in my era.
I remember in 99 and 2000, you just trade for pretty much a Hall of Fame D-man.
That's the deadline, a 7th, 8th guy.
Never plays, plays.
But this is just a new era of just mostly young guys.
So guys, everybody watching live.
Uh, I don't know if you guys were with us when he first joined.
So he's dealing with tornadoes in his area and one touchdown near his house.
So he was kind enough to drive to his office, but then the internet was out there too.
So he was just, Oh, there he is there.
We're just reminding everybody that
you're dealing with tornadoes and chaos in your area and you still had the the jam to come on so
we're very appreciative you were just talking about uh ra it was a great question about the
youth movement not the best situation but um yeah we don't want to put you in danger here buddy you should go to the basement of something
jesus scary yeah all right uh yeah no i love i love your show you guys do great work you know
for the game of hockey so uh love the opportunity to come on especially talking with doubt stars
this great run so you can hear me great um took me a few different roads to get here there's a
lot of trees down a lot of uprooted trees.
I just hope people in the area
are safe.
I love you guys. I might run to the
basement, to be honest.
Thanks for having me on.
We're not that worth it.
How did he go?
He was doing a podcast. He was talking to chicklets.
Those fucking losers.
I'll answer how he scored his first goal to R.A.
And then the tornado ripped through his house.
So, no, R.A., it was a great question about the youth movement.
Another one that I wanted to ask him about was Ottinger, right?
Like, this guy is still pretty young in his career,
but yet, like, you just see him get interviewed after games.
Never too high, never too low.
So even keel.
Always, like, poised with his answers.
They just did a feature on him on TNT, and they rolled it out before the game
because we're doing, like, the 60-minute pregames.
But, I mean, buddy, you need goaltending too.
So, really, it looks like they have it all, boys.
Like, they just really  like I said, the only thing that we haven't seen yet
is probably a little bit more pizzazz from Pavelski.
But now that we're saying it, you just know that he's going to get in game
four, probably two tucks with right in that barn.
It's probably going to be in a comeback.
I'm holding out hope for game four.
I think the Oilers, the Oilers have bounced back from bad games really well.
They're down three, two to Vancouver.
They win that series.
I don't think this series is over.
Obviously, if Edmonton loses the next one, I would be ready to kind of call it done.
You're not beating them three in a row.
But if Edmonton bounces back, you've seen Skinner bounce back.
Now, granted, he bounced back after not starting a couple games.
Can he kind of rebound from that goal, that Robertson goal?
I would think he'd be able to because of how many big saves he made
throughout the course of that game.
And that's not a game.
Granted, I think they only had 22 shots, four goals. But he made some big saves to build throughout the course of that game. And that's not a game granted. I think they only had 22 shots,
four goals,
but he made some big saves to build on for game four,
but he's going to have to be better.
You can't let in a stinker and the stars and Leon and the power plays gone
dry.
They only had five power plays at three games,
but they haven't scored.
And that's kind of how they,
they,
if they don't score,
they build momentum and all of a sudden everything's rolling and they
haven't been able to get anything.
Credit to Dallas and their PK, but the series is not done yet.
It's just a must-win on Wednesday night.
What do you guys make a knoblock kind of trying to
he chose his words carefully, but about the standard.
Buddy, Dallas was the most disciplined team during the regular season,
and they've been so far in playoffs.
I guess we'll roll it.
I've heard a lot about the past as being a spectator uh not part of the nhl not as a coach um the nhl sometimes the the standard gets changed a little bit they would definitely
want to make sure it's a penalty when the regular regular season, maybe some things get let go. And, you know, that's obviously unfortunate for us.
We've got a very good power play,
and we win a lot of games on the power play.
And it's unfortunate for us that it's tougher to draw penalties
in the offseason, or in the playoffs, excuse me,
than it is regular season.
But that being said, I think the playoffs, excuse me, than it is regular season. But that being said, it's, I think the standards,
the same for both teams.
I'm not saying that we're getting, it's unfair for us,
but we would like the same standard.
Okay, that's my coach.
That's our coach.
I disagree with him.
In this series, if anything, Edmonton's been helped out
that embellishment call
on Marchmont last night
was one of the worst I've ever seen
now he has prior issues
of being a little bit of an embellish
Army said the opposite, Army said that he
kind of sold it a little bit
that's a cross check to the lower
back dude, that's what I'm saying
as a forward going out when you're backing up like that,
you are more on your toes.
So if you come in with that much force for a cross check,
you're usually falling down.
But apparently he's been busted that way where the minute that he feels
any type of pressure, he's kind of giving it the, uh.
So I don't know.
But I agree with you.
I do think that Edmonton was hosed in game one on the fact that Kane was called for the elbow on Haskin.
And I thought that was weak.
His elbow just grazed him.
It's like, come on, playoffs here.
And then the Holloway one, which was like, the Holloway one was atrocious.
And Dallas had five power plays.
But at the end of the day, there's not one play I can remember where I would have said I would have called a penalty on Dallas and Edmonton got hosed there.
That's what I'm saying.
I have no like that's a blatant hook that it's like Dallas is in position.
They all can skate and they're hard to draw penalties against because they're never really getting on the wrong side of the puck.
So, yeah, Edmonton, we need more power plays.
But right now, I'm not going to sit here and say, like, this refereeing is bullshit.
It's just it's a great team you're playing against that sound defensively.
That's part of their strength is not taking penalties.
So here's another one.
But I believe they get game four and tie this series up.
Here's another one.
He was asked about the pull in the goalie situation.
The worst goalie pull of all
time again and then he's like oh uh you know there was just some miscommunication so we didn't have
the bench angle at first and i was like i don't know it looked like that kind of the not paul
coffee the other guy who's on the defensive side it looked like maybe he waved him over
so we looked at the tape he actually had his hand leaning up against the glass,
but he came because knob block was going like this.
We couldn't catch knob block going like this.
And then when knob block goes like this,
and then he starts coming,
you could see knob block start washing the plane going,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa.
And it's like,
buddy,
you already called him.
You gave him a hand signal.
And if you're whoa,
whoa,
whoa-ing it, you literally got to go like this.
Back.
Go back.
You have to signal it to him.
He can't see you on the bench turning your head and going whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
And then you saw the disappointment.
It's like, that's your call.
Miscommunication.
How about you eat the shit sandwich?
That's on you.
Yeah, you got to say it.
The Oilers fans were all over Bouchard about the game two empty netter.
Bouchard didn't even know the goalie wasn't in the ice.
He thought it was icing.
He got out of the way.
He's like, that's icing.
So what do you make of game threes?
Like, that was still a little.
Game threes I didn't hate because they got a good chance.
But, dude, you got the goalie pulled.
If you're going to lose a a face off you have to get the
wingers in and what happened was hyman made a good effort duchesne kind of that could have been a
real play on real play actually complete changes bodied hyman and it let heskin and get it and
it may look easy that's funny under pressure to hit the net there that's a smooth ass goal by
heskin and but Hyman
got interfered with a little bit.
You gotta at least tie
those face-offs.
That empty netter has Haskinen
and my leader in the clubhouse for the
Conn Smythe, because he just
steps past the centerman on the draw
and 200 feet
right in the middle of the fucking net. Alligator
blood, bitches.
The thing about the empty netters in game two and three is like and 200 feet right in the middle of fucking that alligator blood, bitches. Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
The thing about the empty netters in game two and three is like,
usually, you know, you pull the goal, you get a couple chances.
You don't even expect it.
If not two empty netters, you're just like, oh, game over.
Like, it's the most anticlimactic thing.
You didn't even get the teaser.
You didn't even get the ball tickle.
You didn't get the nail scratch on the inner thigh.
You didn't get nothing.
We got a few more numbers biz to get to,
but first we do have a few words from our sponsor right now.
All right, gang, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends over at Game Time.
Hey, folks, did you know you can get in the Celtics game five
for about 200 bucks this Thursday night?
Of course, if they sweep paces, it'll be a moot point,
but still, 200 beans for a Celtics game?
Last game before the finals? Possibly.
That's because Game Time, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports,
has you covered.
You shouldn't have to worry when you buy tickets to your next big event.
Game Time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports,
music, comedy, and theater events near you.
Game Time has flash deals for sudden discounts.
They have zone deals when you're feeling a little flexible, perhaps.
And their lowest price guarantee, which means if you can find the same seats for less anywhere else,
Game Time will credit you 110 of the difference.
It's an unreal deal right there.
And, of course, GameTime is the best place for last-minute seats with up to 60 off your favorite events.
What are you waiting for?
I'm going to buy those Celtics tickets right now,
and if they don't play the game, well, get my dough back
and maybe put that money toward a Rolling Stones concert.
They're playing Thursday as well, getting nice and cheap there,
playing Foxborough.
But either way, you can take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
and use code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download the GameTime app today.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
My last thing before we go to this amazing Easter card.
I got a couple more too.
Okay.
Is basically this series isn't over because in games two and three,
they were winnable games and they had long stretches with zero shots
and no pressure.
If you can just put together 60 minutes game four,
they're winning this game.
They're winning the game.
They cannot have a 10
minute stretch with zero pressure and zero shots if that happens they'll lose but if they can put
60 together this series is going to be tied up i'm still positive i'm nervous but i'm positive
it's over they don't have as good of a back end they don't have as good a go you said
you idiot you said that series was over.
So I don't mind you saying that.
You said this exact thing about Van.
Some numbers on Heskinen.
I haven't seen with this fired up in a while.
Are you going to read off the Heskinen numbers about not being on the ice for a goal right now?
Yeah, from Megan Chayka from game two of the second round series versus Colorado through game two of this series.
Heskinen ranked second in ice time, 201 minutes, 45 seconds.
In that time, the Stars outscored opponents 11-0, owned over 65 of the scoring chances generated with him on the ice.
Shot attempts 92-65, slot shots 79-61.
Scoring chances 56-29, High danger chances 11-4.
Just an absolute monster on the ice.
Has a huge difference when he's out there.
Also, too, we got to mention game two.
Leon and Connor, neither guy got a point.
Leon and Connor, a shutout.
They're 2-8 in such games.
It did end Leon's streak.
He became just the fifth player in NHL history with a postseason opening point streak of at least 13 games.
So, nice run for Leon Estad.
But yeah, man, they got to work it out for them.
Nice individual awards.
Hey, listen.
If Dallas wins the Cup, I think Heskinen might be one of the easiest
Conn Smythe picks of all time.
Correct.
Like, it's not even, there's not even anyone else on the team remotely close.
I'm sorry, Posh.
I know you're Wyatt Johnson bet. I think he's got eight goals now.
It's Heskinen.
He's a point per game.
You can't score when he's on the ice,
and then they just light up the other team when he's playing.
Pretty impressive stat.
I think it's Connor McDavid has been shut out 15 times,
maybe in his playoff career, or maybe it's even regular season.
I think I'm pretty sure it's playoffs.
And in those 15 games after coming back from a game
where he was held pointless, he's got 34 points now.
So he's like two points per game.
Pretty impressive from McDusty.
But going back to what I was saying, I know I said that about another series,
but I'm telling you, their D aren't good enough,
their goaltending's not good enough,
and their stars sometimes forget how to play in their own end.
But the penalty kill in BIS has been unbelievable.
Edmonton, I know we were just talking about Dallas.
Fair enough.
I don't think special teams is becoming a big enough factor
in this series right now.
Which is bad for us.
Which is bad for the Oilers.
Yeah, 21 straight kills over their last seven games.
They've killed 35 of 38 this whole playoff.
So pretty impressive. Whit, I don't know if you noticed games. They've killed 35 of 38 this whole playoffs.
Pretty impressive.
Whit, I don't know if you noticed this.
It was on NHL.com and on the app, but McDavid's goal,
did you see the little thing it referred to as an own goal?
Like instead of like PPP. Yeah, it actually went in off Sagan's.
Yeah, but I'd never seen that before.
I never saw the site refer to it as an own goal.
Well, they do that because then it's unassisted.
So then that gets rid of the assist.
And then like gambling wise, that's how, you know, like, all right, that's an own goal.
There'll be no assist on the.
So does he not get so he doesn't get credited with a shot either.
That's a great question.
That's a great.
I would guess no.
I would guess no.
Merles has been having quite the time with the shot.
Oh, he's like writing
emails at three in the morning to like the
league. Gary Bettman. I saw
a tip from Hyman at
the 13 minute mark
of the second period.
It's interesting because I saw
on the box score, two different box scores. I saw
Arjic credited with 27 saves
in one box score and 28 in another.
Oh, that changes nonstop.
Every period.
But it was implying he only gave up two goals.
But still, a goalie gives up a goal regardless of if a guy gets credit with a shot.
He's still got a goal against regardless.
So, I don't know.
Somebody F'd that up.
And McDavid, game one real quick, he had to sweat out that double minor
when he cut Duchesne in the face there.
I mean, he had to make it up for it with that nice little shovel tip.
Him missing that goal, I've never  I was like, oh, my God.
And then, like, of course he ends up getting the winner anyways,
but that goal that he missed,
Biz, you would have tucked that thing, baby.
You would have gone one knee down.
I couldn't believe it.
But you know what?
It's so typical of McJesus that he ends up getting the winner anyways
and just being like, oh, no big deal.
Yeah, I mean, I thought Tana
deserved as much, if not more credit than
Audrey. I thought he made more of a play than Audrey.
I mean, obviously, you ought to get the stick there, but I thought
Tana made the bigger play in that situation.
He's been an absolute fucking monster out
there, too. Doesn't put a lot of points out, but
certainly prevents him going the other way.
Biz, we got to bring up your boy Glassbanger.
Did you know that Jackie was bringing him on that particular segment?
No, that's why they got security next to her in game two.
He seeked out the TNT camera.
That was not supposed to be, that was not a planned hit.
Really?
Yes, but when she was doing it, you could see all of a sudden his white blazer,
his arm was in the screen.
I go to Wayne, I'm like, I'm like, glassbangers right next to her.
And he goes, nah, it's not Nick.
And I'm like, I'm like, who else is wearing a white blazer that white?
And the next thing you know, you could see the bob.
And then I think Liam saw us talking about it and pointing.
And he was like, Jackie, who is that next to you? She's like, and then
boom. He fucking pussied
out. Did you see him?
He started dropping L-bombs.
Then he took to
Twitter and he starts going after me
when he softened up on live TV.
He's a fraud. He's a complete
fraud.
Did you watch it?
Oh, yeah.
You know who aren't frauds?
Totally.
He folded like a fucking Sunday paper.
Totally.
I love you, Biz.
It's like, whoa, Jesus, buddy.
Get off your knees.
I know.
You hate him.
Who aren't frauds?
Biz, did you say that Wayne knows Glassbanger's name? When you told that story, you go, he said Nick.
That's got to be the highlight of his career.
So his old man's loaded, who owns the seats,
and he's also got a place at Dosser.
So he lives at Dosser.
So they know each other.
Yeah, apparently he's a pretty sick golfer, too.
Oh, I love hearing that.
Imagine we get a Glassbanger.
Imagine getting smashed by Glassbanger.
Imagine Glassbanger closing you out 8-7 in a match.
Make me look like a fucking mime.
Glassbanger Sandbagger.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
All right, boys.
I'd rather not play golf.
Before we get to the next series, we do have some words from our sponsor.
All right, before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends over at DraftKings.
Did you ever play the over-under game with your friends?
You know, think I could eat that slice of pizza in under 30 seconds?
Or, I know it'll take you over a minute to down that two-liter.
If you have, then you're going to love Pick 6,
the newest fantasy app from DraftKings and official partner of the NHL.
Here's how to play during the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Super simple.
First, download the DraftKings Pick 6 app.
Then, select between two and six players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat.
Like, say, will a player have more than three shots on goal? Will a player have less than two points?
Track your picks and play against others for a huge shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it.
It's so simple, and for all the first-time Pick 6 players, check this out.
New customers play 5, get 50 in Pick 6 credits.
Whew!
Jumping now to the new, most fun way to play fantasy sports.
Pick 6 from DraftKings.
Download the new DraftKings Pick 6 app now and use code CHICKLETS.
New customers play 5, get 50 in Pick 6 credits.
That's code CHICKLETS only at DraftKings Pick 6.
The crown is yours. and pick six credits, which are non-withdrawable and valid for pick six use only. Expire after six months.
Restrictions apply.
Limited time offer.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
18 and over in most eligible states.
Age varies by jurisdiction.
Eligibility restrictions apply.
Pick six not available in all states, including but not limited to Connecticut and New York.
For up-to-date list of states, visit dkng.co slash pick six states.
Void where prohibited.
See terms at picksix.draftkings.com slash pick six states void were prohibited. See terms at pick six dot draft kings.com slash promos.
Uh,
that McDavid,
that was his first multi overtime playoff goal.
First time he's got two and the only trails Glenn Anderson with three all
time.
You would've thought all those are big games from the Oilers in the
eighties.
They might've had more,
but when an eight one,
my,
my,
my,
my,
my poker face,
this,
this,
this plan has been, been a coming out party for the comedic
styles of paul maurice how busy with the press conferences oh my god nothing like it hank hank
got put on the spot there by ace you could tell he was a little uncomfortable he's yeah so he goes
biz biz and hank and i just said i kind of agreed where i was like i don't know like sometimes it
might become a bit much like like especially after a loss.
I guess it was the next day.
But obviously, Hank is what was more opinionated about it.
And like he's going to be taken more seriously.
And yeah, I feel like he did kind of get jammed up there on the broadcast.
What are your thoughts on it?
Like, I think it's great for the game, right?
Because you're not getting much out of the players.
And I also think that he's clearly doing it as part to be a deflection.
It's like, yeah, it's a little bit of like an act.
Like he's putting on like a face of like, I'm just going to be the attention.
I'm going to get all the attention in between games.
And in a way better way than torts, too.
Like, I like his way.
Yeah, he's not carving his players.
Yeah.
He's just kind of like making light of things.
And the people asking the questions.
He's just kind of carving everyone.
But it was funny.
I sensed that, like, what I felt after Ace threw it over to Lundquist on that broadcast,
I felt like Hank had been sitting there shitting on him.
And then Ace was like, you can't stand it.
And he's like, no, no.
I didn no say that
i because we when we were talking about we were talking about it before i think he goes you hate
it huh he was like no no hank was saying like i was so serious after losses where i was so angry
like i didn't want to joke around i wanted to be serious i want to winning. And, you know, that's just kind of his method.
And, you know, I found it.
That's what I love about the panel, right?
Guys are being honest.
And you've got a Hall of Famer saying it.
So it's got so much weight and credibility.
So, yeah.
How do you personally feel about it?
Are there times where you're like, oh, maybe, like, it's just like it's being a bit much?
I don't think that.
I guess part of it is because of the role we're in where it's entertaining
and you're talking about games and you're looking for quotes and you're like,
all right, this guy's willing to.
He's talking about how it's good to be pissed off after a loss.
Yeah, but he's also saying, oh, poor Jake.
You know, let's pass around the hat.
Yeah, that's funny, dude.
I know.
I know.
That's funny shit.
I know.
So you're sitting around, and he's ripping on the MSG ice.
So this is what the Trouba hit.
Paul, I know last night you didn't want to play player safety and everything,
but Trouba was fine today.
You know, I guess.
Take the hat, pass it around.
Poor lad. Poor Jake. today you know i guess take the hat pass it around poor lad poor jake well i i think that there's probably rams fans who can't stand it because he comes off a little cocky right oh
yes yes yes cocky guy it's like he's an actor yeah that's what i'm saying he's like putting
on an act for these but dude it goes back to this entire series where there has to be something in his mind
while being confident and comfortable and and the panthers have played great they're down to one
but it's are we playing a team of destiny are we playing a team who've had all these similarities
to 1994 and let's add another the second ever mid-season mid-season acquisition to score an overtime winner in the
conference finals wenberg just like stefan mato did oh and it was a game three in the conference
finals in 94 it's all it's all happening and i don't know how the rangers are up in this series
besides igor shisterka have you ever seen a goalie give up four goals in a game and play that good?
This guy is  but like I said, if you're Florida and you're Maurice,
it's like we're fine.
We are completely fine.
We're going to win 99 of the games when we dominate play like we did in game three,
but it's the 2023-24 New York Rangers,
and something's fucking different about this team.
My worry for the Rangers, where is Artemi Panarin?
Artemi Panarin, I don't know.
It's not the same Artemi Panarin from the first two rounds.
Would you agree?
No.
I would agree, yes.
I would agree.
No, it's not the same one.
Now, you got Lafreniere scoring these fucking highlight reel goals.
Like, that's this team.
It's like some guy disappears, the other guy shows up,
and then in the background of all of it is this goalie who,
I don't know what it is.
He's out there, and he's just dialed in, and he's focused,
and he's pissed off, and he just, you feel like if they're going to overtime, they're winning.
They're four and oh, now I believe, or if they maybe five and oh,
so get to overtime, the Rangers are winning.
And then with him in net, it's hard to get goals.
It seems like it's gotta be a deflection.
It's gotta be a greasy goal.
It seems like Forsling, Forsling just beat him.
Unbelievable shot.
Everything else.
It's gotta be some shit. One shot. Everything else, it's got to be some shit one.
Some deflection, some tip
because anything he sees besides Forsling
he's saving.
I mean Lafreniere's turned into
McDavid but he can actually play in his
own end and then on top of that you got
Goudreau turned into 07 Danny
Heatley with 50 tucks.
Rangers fans should apologize to
Goudreau. They've been carving him all year. What? Goudreau. They've been carving him all year.
What? Really?
Oh, shocking.
They've been carving him all year.
You mean the same fans that booed their team
after rattling off seven in a row to start playoffs
because they didn't score in a period in playoffs?
They're spoiled right now.
Team of destiny.
The fact that you brought another nugget.
So let's go through them all now.
So you have the fact that they won the President's Trophy, right?
They won the first seven game of playoffs.
A natural hat trick happened with a Ranger that year,
Kreider and Messier.
You have an overtime.
The eclipse.
The eclipse, the earthquake, and now Wenberg,
a deadline acquisition getting an OT winner in game three of the conference finals.
Yes.
Oh, my.
Is there anything else already that we're forgetting?
34th comeback win this season.
Regular season playoffs, the most in NHL history so far.
They are 4-0 in postseason overtime games so far.
Panthers just 1-2.
Yeah, there was a rope-a-dope win.
I mean, look at these stats from the third period.
Panthers led 41-11 in shot attempts, 21-4 in scoring chances,
8-1 in high-danger scoring chances.
And they still come out with the win.
And we've got to talk about Rempe.
Ranges 15-2 at Rempe in the lineup.
You could say he's not having a factor, but the numbers speak for themselves.
I thought it was more than that.
I thought it was like 30.
I thought it was too.
I thought, gee, gee, verify that stat.
I think we got a biz stat from R.A.
R.A., you've been buzzing.
We're not even going to hold it against you.
No, I'm not going to throw anyone under the bus.
I'll leave it at that.
Okay, maybe it was me who sent it to you.
It was sent over to me.
What's the chat saying about the stat?
Would that be in the lineup?
Maybe it's, would it be playoffs?
No, because he didn't play that many.
How many Rangers fans do we have?
How many Fugazi Rangers fans do we have in the chat who don't know what their record is. No, because he didn't play that many. How many Rangers fans do we have? How many Fugazi Rangers fans
we have in the chat who don't know what the record is
with Rempe? Oh, here's another one. First game
one of the Easter Conference Finals in
94. They lost three nothing.
Wow.
That's wild. The fuck is going
on here? Hey, what's like we got
to we don't wish it. Did you put a future
on these guys already? The one
team you probably didn't. He wasn't afraid of them. It's Boston. It's like just a Boston, New York thing..A.? The only team he didn't.
He wasn't afraid of them.
It's just a Boston-New York thing.
I just don't typically bet New York teams.
Okay, so the other thing that really stood out about Game 2 specifically was these two teams trying to kill each other.
They hate each other.
And the one thing is, like, New York, they got guys.
They're not going to be bullied around.
In game one, it looked like they tried to dip their toe in and they were insecure.
And they looked out of whack.
Game two, completely changed.
They took hits.
Who got rocked in the middle of the ice?
Was that Wenberg?
Yeah, by Kulikov.
And when we go to the Trouba hit, as long as this wasn't a major,
Trouba shouldn't be a major.
I'm fine with that.
Agreed.
I'm fine with that.
If this was a major, give Trouba a major.
But this not being one was worse than Trouba's not being one in my mind.
I disagree with you.
Why?
I disagree with you.
That's more in the head.
That's an open ice hit.
And not the chicken wing.
But this guy's got a reputation.
In round two, he went airborne.
He literally went lateral trying to go human torpedo on Natchez.
This is a guy who chicken wing Sid.
This is a guy who didn't get suspended for that either.
I don't even think he got a fucking penalty in that game.
And then now you see him in the middle of the ice like this. it make direct contact with his head no he got him in the neck but and
it kind of grazed off of his shoulder pad but at the end of the day man like we have to consider
intent and the fact that the neck is just as dangerous as the head when it comes to like a
concussion like if you snap a guy's neck that's like i think that like when you when it goes back
to sid's original concussion,
I think they figured out eventually it was, like, part of the neck what was wrong with what was going on.
He wasn't going to get enough oxygen.
Hey, you know what's crazy?
Is I was with somebody, like, why does Trouba always do this?
He's getting burnt.
This guy, like, Pasha hates him.
Dude, every time he does this, he's just beat.
And most people, when they're beat, they're like, oh, shit, I'm beat, or they stick out their foot.
No, Trouba gets beat constantly and just literally sticks his elbow out.
Yeah, fuck you.
You're paying insurance on the way in.
It is complete luck that that doesn't hit him in the face.
Yeah.
He's not like, oh, I'm going to throw my chicken wing out
as I'm getting burnt, and then I'm just going to catch his shoulder.
It's like, oh, fuck, good thing that didn't catch him in his jaw.
Yeah, hey, good luck, fuck. Good thing that didn't catch him in his jaw. Yeah.
Good luck, man. Otis is on you.
Rangers are 22-3-1 with
Matt Rempe and they've won 17
of their last 18 games with him.
What did you say, R.A.?
He said 15-2. He wasn't that off.
Close enough.
It's crazy to me that
this guy, he's, oh my
God, true, but chicken wing buddy,
he's getting burnt like three times
a game. And then he's just doing something
dirty to try to save himself last minute.
And this one, he
got so lucky if that caught him, he could
have killed him. I mean, Rodriguez was
down for quite a while and it didn't even connect
right directly to his head.
But the Kulikov one was also, it was
interference. I thought it was high. I guess the
principal point of contact wasn't
his head there. But once that one
was a penalty, I'm like, alright.
Once I saw the other
angle of Trubis, the behind one, the pictures
we just showed, okay.
Two minutes, fine. Lamborghini was
also running around in game two, too.
He's out tonight, I guess.
He hurt Vesey.
He buried Jimmy.
Jimmy might not see him for the rest of the series.
That's one where it looked like as soon as he got him, he wasn't expecting it.
It snapped his neck.
Like, watch.
He kind of leaning with his head, and then his neck just goes.
Boys, we do have a very hard-hitting defenseman on tap.
We're going to bring him on right now.
But first, we do have a word from one of our sponsors.
Who do we got?
All right, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at Kraken.
Today, we're talking about Kraken,
one of the OG crypto platforms.
These guys have been around way longer than the hockey team,
for over a decade, in fact.
And Kraken's world-class security
is like having an all-star goalie protecting your assets 24-7.
It gives you peace of mind when it comes to trading.
And with over 190 cryptocurrencies available, there's something for everyone here.
Or maybe you're looking for new ways to approach your strategy in crypto.
The Kraken Learn Center is an awesome educational resource for all experience levels
so join the 10 million plus clients already using kraken's intuitive platform to buy crypto go to
kraken.com slash chicklets and see what crypto can be not investment advice crypto trading involves
risk of loss all right now we're going to bring on
a Florida Panthers legend, great defenseman
back in the day, Jovo
Kopp himself, Eddie Jovanovsky.
Thanks for joining us, buddy. It's been a minute.
Look at that tan!
It's blood pressure.
Are you all at the tan?
How the hell you been, pal?
I've been good, guys. I've been good.
Jovo, talk to us right now about the feel and Panthers,, pal? I've been good, guys. I've been good. Great job. Joe Bo talks to us right now about the feel, and Panthers, I said,
they've been great.
I don't feel like they say they have to change that much going into game four.
You're right, Whit.
You look at last game, and you look at all the games,
you could really make a case for this being 3-0 either way.
You sound like Rob Brindamore.
Right.
Listen, I mean, going to last game, a great start into the game.
The rink was buzzing.
Yeah, you know, going into that game.
And for whatever reason, just kind of fell asleep for a little bit
and find yourself trailing in that game.
But I tell you what, man, when this team turns it up,
you guys were rattling off the stats there
in the third period it was embarrassing lavi had to call a timeout to settle the troops down
uh they were coming in waves so i think they can hang their hat on that knowing that hey listen if
we play the right way and just kind of clean up a couple areas guys busting through the middle
couple easy plays Lafreniere
kind of getting through three guys you don't see that with this team so you clean up a couple of
those areas you got to feel you know for the players you got to feel pretty good heading into
this game to even up this series I was very surprised that uh Lafreniere's second goal
Kulikov just got walked but even Ekman LarsonLarsen, he was kind of like, oh, he wasn't all in.
It felt like he could have broken him up after he toe-dragged Kulikov.
But like you're saying, maybe just a little bit of sleep at the wheel
for parts of that second period.
Yeah, I think so.
And it's very uncharacteristic of this group.
I mean, Kulikov's been excellent.
I really don't know what he was doing there and kind of going on his knee
in that situation.
And I think sometimes as a defenseman, you know when the guys beat,
I mean, you're just trying to get your stick in there
and hopefully you're going to kind of poke it away.
But you've got to give it to Lafreniere.
It was a hell of a move kind of posting in on that.
And if you want to really kind of bust it down,
I think Bob probably wants a couple of those goals back in that game.
I don't, I feel he was as sharp as he has been in the playoffs,
but nonetheless,
they got themselves back into this game and they had a chance to win it.
And, you know, this goal that happened in overtime, Wenberg, I mean,
the guys in scored, you know, in a long while,
it just kind of hits his hits the handcuffs.
Cross-checked it.
Yeah, cross-checked it.
And then that went right place, right time.
And, you know, in the playoffs, anything can happen.
I was just going to ask.
I mean, a lot of guys stepped up.
And I think last year was kind of Chucky's year
where he was kind of the superstar of the team.
I feel like Barkov this year has just been on a different planet.
The way he covers the 200-foot game,
the way he smothers the middle of the ice,
and the plays he makes.
Just talk about him and what he means to this team.
To me, if I got to pick one center to go into playoffs
as a guy I want to win a cup with, he might be that guy.
He might be that guy.
Just the fact that you know how responsible he is
on the other side of the puck.
He's put in key situations.
All the same shit you hear all the time with Barkov.
So good on face-offs.
The way he tracks back into the zone.
First man back.
He's so well positioned.
And for some reason, I feel like he's got a mean streak to him this playoff.
I don't know where it was on this series i believe it was kind
of parked in front of the net someone actually actually jumped somebody put him in a headlock
right jumped and tried to move him out of the blue paint area and you know he gets his 230 pounds
planted in the ice is very tough to move but you know i think the taste of last year guys for him
knowing how close they are again to possibly winning this thing um you know
helped him experience wise and he's he's taking it on i mean he's the leader of this group and
you're seeing him do things that normally you don't see him do throughout the year playing a
little physical but again you still want him to shoot a little bit more he's still that unselfish
you know player where he likes to kind of make his line mates better. But I think
at this point of the season, in the
playoffs, you got to be selfish
at sometimes and just let it rip because he
does got a great shot and he can be a
goaltender from anywhere.
Jovo, another guy we've talked about a lot,
Gustav Forsling. What does he do so good
that he's been such a standout defenseman
in this playoffs? That was a Jovo snapshot
that goal to tie it up. That was literally like reminding me of one of yours 120 flex right exactly um
all right i think when you look at when you look at him
i don't want to say this i mean the guy's never out of position and i think as a defenseman you
know what less is more and once you start kind of doing a
little bit more it just doesn't work so I think he recognizes hey listen get the puck if I got that
five ten foot pass make that make that play and kind of follow up but you know just in the defensive
zone I mean he's very solid very smart player uh just the hunger behind his game
just kind of knowing where he was right you know three years ago looking for work pretty much
and uh to come in this situation but he's he's a guy that eats a lot of minutes plays against the
top lines every single night he's got those tough assignments so you know for him to see him
contribute he's got a howitzer i can
always set it through our coverage throughout the panthers this year but i'd hide him that top five
to seven defensemen throughout the year just by seeing him each and every night the guy never
really makes a mistake and i hope god forbid doesn't make any here tonight two pieces coming
yeah but um but um listen he's been a great find.
I think the team got a nice contract out of him for the next eight years,
but certainly a great find, and he's been excellent for the Florida Panthers.
So Rangers fans, I've seen some discussion that through three games,
Kreider has done nothing.
Zbigniew Zbigniew has done nothing.
Panarin has one second assist.
Who on Florida's side would you maybe want to see a little bit more out of?
Because you're watching that team more closely.
We're not trying to call guys out, but in terms of like,
I know these guys maybe have a little bit more after what I've seen the first two rounds.
You know, I don't think there's, I mean, looking at last game, I mean,
you look at Reinhardt kind of going into that. He had excellent night.
You look at, you look at bottom six players and I got to put my glasses on,
look at the lines. I heard there's actually going to be lineup changes here.
Yeah. They said he's coming out.
is actually going to be lineup changes here.
Yeah, they said Lamborghini's coming out.
Lamborghini and I know Lawrence is going to play with Ocpozo between Stenland in the middle there.
But, you know, I always look at the guys like a Lusterine and Lundell,
these type of players that you want.
Lundell's actually been good, but luster ryan even even even like
bennett a little bit this series you know you want him to be a little quiet um so you want your
horses at the end of the day to contribute there's always going to be that guy just like on the other
side barclay goudreau who's having a you know heck of a series you want these guys to step up
um but i look at those guys like guy like l Strahan and can be a little bit of a difference guy.
You want Reinhardt to keep going.
You can add Verhage in there too, maybe Sniper.
Yeah, he's looked a little bit.
He's kind of, he's looked, yeah.
Two perimeter.
You know, and it's tough.
You know, the Rangers do do a pretty good job
insulating the middle of the ice.
But overall, you just like to see everyone just kind of have a night here tonight
because I think they deserve this win, and we want to see a long series.
Bennett's going to murder someone tonight.
I was just going to say.
He's going to murder someone.
We're getting Bennett the menace tonight.
He's doing something bad tonight.
We're getting chaos.
Hey, speaking of chaos, another guy actually kind of reminds me of you,
the way he got that blood that can get a little boiled a little bit, is Montour. Hey, speaking of chaos, another guy actually kind of reminds you of you,
the way you got that blood that can get a little boiled a little bit,
is Montour, like offensive defenseman, but he's got a mean streak to him too,
and I felt like he maybe had an okay regular season.
He looked awesome in the first two rounds. Now he seems like another guy I feel like can kind of raise the bar
and step up to another level.
Yeah, because we're so used to him being so good the way he skates,
the way he moves the puck, the way he anticipates.
I like to see him rip it a little bit more on the power play.
They really like to kind of flood that one side,
bark off, kachok, find Reinhardt in the middle.
Sometimes you just got to let it rip in the middle.
He does got a cannon of a shot.
He's got a bomb.
And overall, too, you look at a guy like Ekblad, you know,
he's kind of come into that real defensive, you know, role.
But he still has got it offensively.
You want to be able to chip in from the back end.
But you're right, Biz.
You know, I like to see Montour have an impact on this game here tonight.
Not only him, but most of their leadership group.
Jovo, for a guy who played there a long time
and and when i was with you for a minute like the crowds when the teams weren't great they're they
weren't they weren't awesome but right i don't know the atmosphere now it looks like a party
in there it looks loud how cool has it been with their home games this run well it's been excellent
i mean i mean it's just i mean right from you pull up to the
rink and they're all outside just like you see at every other rink right now at this time of year i
mean everyone's having a good time uh you know the game presentation i don't know if they went to
vegas and oh last year seeing what vegas oh they're lighting it up before they're lighting
up on the ice they got the strobe lights lights going on. They bring in athletes, celebs, whatever, banging the drum.
So they're doing it right, and the fans have really bought in.
This series has been a little bit different.
I want to say it's like 20 Rangers.
It could be more.
But, God, I hate it.
I really do.
Oh, man, it's tough to see.
Because, you know, at one point the rangers
scored um and you didn't know who like who it was you thought the panthers might have scored
you know i was walking around and so they're they're getting the support there which which
makes it so like a coyote's building when we were there right it's the black hawks it's like holy
it's louder than our goal horn. But it makes for that
it's just a great atmosphere
in the building and I don't
expect anything different here tonight. It's
going to be a zoom in there.
Eddie, we were just talking about Paul Maurice, the coach.
He's really kind of letting his head down these playoffs. Is he
just like enjoying the moment more that he's been around
the league so much longer? Is that the sense you get?
Is he going to get a Netflix special?
Yeah, who knows
i mean he might be one of those guys being followed at this point i mean the way he's coming
coming out with his uh one-liners but i think this guy's been around forever i think he's very
polished you know as a coach the way he handles the media uh he's got some quit you know bite to
his uh you know as you all saw in his press conferences.
But he's just kind of a joy to be around.
You know, he's been around the guys a lot.
I think the players really love him.
You know, the respect factor that he gives his players,
he just wants hard work.
And for the most part, you can see Maurice kind of let the guys
do their thing until they really get kind of woken up a little bit.
And then he'll you know go
ape shit on the on the bench but um you know he's a relaxed guy you know i think he understands the
way the ebbs and flows of of a hockey game um the management side of it that goes in the game during
the game kind of matching lines and where to feel but i think for him having the experience that he has with multiple teams and
the games that he's coached yeah why not have fun I mean you look at all the coaches what they say
to players I mean enjoy the moment you know for the coaches got to be the same thing kind of walking
out to this 19,000 fans screaming you're in your four one of four teams remaining uh you got to enjoy the moment a lot of rubber
tits on the glass in that building eh buddy it's unbelievable it's unbelievable there
dallas florida could be a final of just tit job rubber tit land walmart kits yeah oh my god another
guy it used to be it used to be like,
Oh my God,
look at those.
Now it's kind of like,
yeah,
she doesn't have them.
Oh,
you know,
so it's like,
I mean,
they're all kind of,
they're everywhere.
I was just going to ask you about like a tactical situation.
Edmonton did it on their first two goals last night.
I feel like anytime Florida's in any type of trouble,
they do a pretty good job of just launching it.
Grenades into the neutral zone.
Is that something they do all the time?
I think it's a sneaky play for D-Man Joe.
I think it's a high flip.
Yeah, it's a high flip.
It's got to get out.
There's some times where it's been picked off,
and you're like, why you have room to skate it
or make that 5'10 foot path?
You see it kind of around.
I know the Panthers do do it.
There's guys on the group that like to get that flipper going and you're
getting a little bit of confusion in that neutral zone.
But I think for the most part of this group, when they do have, you know,
room to skate it, they're going to move it out.
But it could be, I don't know if it's, I haven't asked the question.
If it's, Hey guys,
is this one of the plays that you're looking at in the D zone kind of
getting that foot race in the neutral zone but you're right at some point uh there's been plays
where it works for you and you're kind of going the other way you look like a fucking asshole when
you try to do the flipper and you don't get all of it it rolls over your stick it's like oh boy here
we go it was like it was like yesterday and actually the game. I don't know who it was. Dallas was on the PK, and they're kind of ripping.
They got in their zone.
They're ripping it.
And I think it was Steele.
I just gave it like a nice pass over someone in the middle,
and then it just started cycling again in the zone.
And I'm like, oh, boy, this is not going to end up good.
You almost wonder.
You got 85 feet to send the puck down the ice,
and you want to throw it right up the middle.
When the high flip doesn't work, the coaches explode.
Do it hard.
You don't even want to go back to the bench.
You go with the Zamboni entrance.
You're like, I'm out of here.
I'm not even coming back there.
Jovo, what about Florida's game impresses you the most,
like about how they're able to control the game?
Because most of the season they were pretty dominant.
So, like, from watching them so much,
what do they do so well that frustrates opponents?
Well, you guys and all over, you know, the coverage of this team,
I mean, you look at the way they forecheck.
They rim that.
And they've never been a team, too,
that they've always been a team that gets these chances off the rush.
Now they're a team that's firing the puck in and they have one,
one guy going and the other guy behind him and they're getting these
turnovers and they're just hemming teams.
They're skate teams into the ice and the offensive zone.
They're creating a lot of opportunity.
This team can skate.
And when they have that pace they're
very tough to defend their d get involved they're not afraid to kind of pinch down a little bit
because they do have the good third man that's always in a good position and you see they're
almost like in dallas in a sense when they're up on a team they really don't give a team a sniff
no they they can close out like they can out games, and that's something that this group hasn't had.
I think the experience with Maurice when he first came here,
and listen, this is going to take a while.
We can't win with the way this team has played.
We have to bring in that defensive side of things, which has worked for him.
But, you know, just the way they hound pucks in the offensive zone,
the way they kind of just not afraid
to make plays as well,
I think has really been beneficial
for this group. What do you think
of the Trouba chicken wing?
I've been in that
scenario before.
I'm shocked.
Oh boy.
He's got me.
Yeah, Johnny Tavares, we were actually in Arizona.
He kind of walked me like that, and the old chicken wing got him.
We got a couple games for it.
Listen, I think Trouba, when you look at him, he's a vicious player.
And maybe going back to Marshawn's comments, he's hitting the hurt.
And, yeah, he might have got him in that neck area but i still think
what do you call it forearm shiver or an elbow i i think it was um you know you can consider it
elbow minutes well worth it yeah right right i'll take the two minutes but i think up he had actually
this i don't know if you guys saw this, but when a player gets a penalty, two penalties on one play,
they should have that option of either good five-on-three for two minutes.
I was wondering that too.
If it's the same player.
Yeah, if it's the same player goes to five-on-four,
where if it's different players, it's obviously five-on-three.
I agree with you.
Especially for that as an infraction like you just elbowed
a guy in the fucking throat like yeah you should get a basically a guaranteed goal but biz during
the game i was actually i'm like okay five on three i didn't realize it was true but i actually
had the original call uh there's a little bit too much going on in the Panther bar there to follow on the first play. A lot of rubber tents.
But, yeah, it was, I mean, with listening to you and that before this coming on,
you know, I think Truba does put himself in these very tough spots.
And I think you're right.
I mean, you almost want him to play that reckless a little bit because,
you know, a lot of times he is out of position. And I think he's going to explore. He you almost want him to play that reckless a little bit because he's in a lot of time,
he is out of position.
And I think he's going forward a lot,
Joe,
like as opposed to skating,
he's always going at the guy.
And it's like,
maybe it's so good that you ain't,
you ain't,
you ain't going to stop them all the time.
Right.
And maybe he has the belief that he's got back checkers,
you know,
fill in,
but he does take that chance on
kind of get you in the trolley tracks and really trying to get you on on the coming up part but i
think it's one of those areas where you know the panthers really can expose that area um you know
if he's going to run around i'm interested to see how this game unfolds with him here tonight
eddie another guy i want to ask about i believe his rookie year was y'all last year in the league, Vinny Trocek.
Are you surprised at all by the level he's playing at right now?
I mean, basically the best skater on the range is all playoffs.
No, I mean, you saw it as a young player.
I mean, obviously had it just kind of putting things together,
having the experience.
But you always knew that he was that Swiss Army, you know,
knife type player being situations. You can see him. He's doing a lot you know, knife-type player, being situations.
You can see him, he's doing a lot of scoring.
He's killing penalties, face-offs, PP.
So he's been a great, great player in this league.
And he's almost that shit disturber, too, that you just, you know,
he gets on your skin a little bit subtly.
But he's in there a lot,
and he's turned into a nice, fine player.
Well, Jovo, we can't thank you for coming on and off, dude.
This has been great.
We're going to get into the Rangers a little bit, but this series, I think, is going seven.
I can't wait to see how tonight plays out, but I love that you'll be in the building.
All right, boys.
Anytime.
Hopefully, we can do this next round.
Absolutely. All right, buddy. Thanks so much, Jovo. We're staying at your place if you guys make it. Yeah, absolutely. All right, boys. Anytime. Hopefully we can do this next round. Absolutely.
All right, buddy.
Thanks so much, Joe.
We're staying at your place if you guys make it.
Yeah, absolutely.
Let's do it.
Absolutely.
It might not be in a relationship anymore, but take that.
Hey, me neither.
Me neither.
Hey, R.A. either.
We're all doing R.A. together.
We're all doing R.A. together.
We're all doing R.A. together.
Three of us, it's his.
All right.
Thanks so much, Joe.
So I think with all that Panthers talk, we got to go into Goudreau
and how I brought up that it's been  it was a tough year, like,
fan-wise, offensively, which what they weren't expecting.
But the biggest thing that I've heard that's so true is Goudreau is there
for this time of the season.
You're bringing that guy in to play a few minutes in the regular season,
to PK or
whatever I mean I'm not saying he's always doing that but you get into the playoffs you got a
Stanley Cup champion who's a big body and he's just shown how valuable he can be when the game
changes this is not a regular season player and he goes out and what a shot in game two I mean
he's outside the dots hell of a wrist shot I'm sure Bobrovsky would probably say he wants it back.
But then what he does in game three also, it's like when you don't have your top guys
playing the way they need to.
And we said Zibanejad, Panarin, and Kreider, they're not doing anything.
But boom, this guy steps up.
He's won it before.
He's won it twice before.
And he knows exactly what it takes.
So without him, that's Chris Drury thinking ahead,
thinking to the playoffs of having a guy who's won before
and can play solid, dependable minutes.
And him throwing in the offense is just, that's the cherry on top.
Icing on the cake.
What's he got now, six?
Yeah, six goals, two assists in 13 games.
And he's got, let's see, five of those goals in the last six games.
And I think it goes without saying, if you get this far into playoffs,
you always have to have certain guys step up that were not, you know,
not supposed to step up.
And he's obviously one of those guys.
And for those of you who might have just joined us, like Lafreniere,
we talked about him, man.
He's fucking this season, this turnaround season he's had coming into his own.
He's looked incredible and no moment too big.
Those goals were like McDavid-style goals.
Like for him to go to the backhand and get that much leverage on that shot.
Like we had, listen, like I said, best game of the playoffs.
We had three Hattie watches, two of guys of which uncharacteristic.
So just an incredible game for the New York Rangers.
I don't know if there's anyone else who really steps up or stands out for them. So Fox is standing out to me as being
banged up. I think that was like last round. It's the same thing. So you got to be impressed that
he's playing through something, probably that knee, but you can just tell that that something's
lacking. I thought Lindgren has been real solid as always, eating pucks just defensively.
He gets that shot through on the tip by Wenberg to win the game.
That's like a player who's needed to step up.
But you just wonder, like, it's hard for Fox right now.
He's not the fastest guy in the world.
He doesn't need to be ever because of how smart he is and his little head fakes.
But you're just seeing times where you're like, oh,
we need him to be the Adam Fox.
And I think it's going to be tough for him to be the guy
who could dominate in the regular season,
battling an injury the way he is.
Boys, I mean, but still, like,
the fact that they haven't played that great this series
and they haven't got all their guys going and they're up 2-1,
if they win Game 4, boys, I don't see this team losing three in a row.
Like, they are gonna i think
in both series if either team gets up three one i think the series is over i would agree with that
i would give florida way more of a chance coming back on new york than i would edmonton on dallas
but those guys are in knee deep right now what's crazy about the playoffs is like the series start and yeah you're seven
game series but they they're quick and like all of a sudden florida who's played great they're
looking at a game tonight like we have to tie we have to tie this series up and and and we've been
we've been really happy with our games through three and all of a sudden we've had this goalie
who's just stepping up in the biggest moments but brorovsky would be a little better, I think.
I know we got the shutout in game one, but
we're at home
and we got a must win and we've been playing great.
That's how bizarre and how quick these series
go. And Florida has some sort
of panic in their game tonight, which is why I think
we'll see their best effort. This is a team
they went to the cup final. They were all banged
up. They're back now. They got a chance to do
it again. I think they come out guns ablaze, and I love the Panthers tonight.
I think the Rangers win the series, but I think it's going 2-2 after this one.
What do you got them at?
What's the score tonight?
3-2 Panthers?
I was going to say 3-1 with an empty netter because I think that for Shostakovich to win a game giving up four,
he's probably going to dial it in even more.
But I think Bennett's going tonight.
I think you'll see a little bit more out of Kachuk.
The lineup changes.
Interesting to see them change the fourth line that much
with how much they dominated.
But when you lose a game three when at one point the shot attempts
were 92 to 32, it's like, guys, just a little bit more
and we'll get this game tonight.
That's how they're looking at it.
I'm going to predict a 4-2 win for the Florida Panthers, actually.
Empty netter or no?
Sure.
Puck line, Jesus, all right?
Okay.
Yeah, Biz, just to go back to that second Lafreniere goal,
the bench reaction was awesome.
Like, when you get your own teammates jumping up like that,
and then Vinny, they had a bleep, and he was like,
how the fuck did you do that?
How the fuck did you do that?
He was, like, basically grilling him how he scored that goal.
Yeah, he said he goes, in an interview after, he's like,
I just saw him dancing.
He's a great player.
Like he,
he,
he has come into his own and we've said it a million times.
You can't expect every first overall pick to dominate right away.
And he's gotten better and better and better.
And now it looks like this guy could be a,
a point per game player in the NHL.
Cause in the playoffs to step up the way he has,
it's beyond impressive
yeah patience is key man i mean this kid's still only 22 years old i think i bring a labio let has
been huge for him compared to the last couple years we laughing at biz boy boys so off topic
did you guys see that south park lizzo thing and then her reacting to south park oh my god
it's the funny what did they do to her on the show?
Legit just carved her for like four minutes straight about being fat.
Like, it's just insane.
They basically said they came up with this new Ozempic called Lizzo.
Yeah, Lizzo.
It's ridiculous, man. What did she do?
Oh, she was kind of cool about
it like she actually was like oh my god oh i thought she was gonna be she probably is pissed
because she's been getting dumped on lately but i don't know it was just fucking funny if you for
you people like some of you might be like oh it's not funny but south park's fucking fun i saw a
documentary about south park they make the show like that week. Oh, they're geniuses.
It's incredible. They're sitting in the writing room
and they're throwing out different ideas and jokes.
They can get away with anything because it's a
cartoon. I kind of want to make a hockey
cartoon and do all the different voices.
You respect my authority.
Yeah, we should get R.A. in the voice
whatever you call it.
Wait, you had a shark's face there.
I never heard your South Park voice.
I don't think I know if I ever did it before.
Just to jump on Lindgren again,
I just think of back what Eddie Joe just said about
Forsling. Less is more like Lindgren.
I mean, I think they got him in the Rick Nash trade years
ago. He's playing over 21 minutes a game and
he's one of those guys that you do
win Stanley Cups when he's not the flashiest defenseman
out there. He makes the right play
so much of the time. He's one of those guys you'll tend to notice himups when he's not the flashiest defenseman out there. He makes the right play so much of the time. He's one of those
guys you'll tend to notice him only when he does
screw up. And he got that quick shot off that ended
up getting the game winner too. So good
stuff from Lindgren. I'd love to see it.
But boys, we got to be done stroking off the
fucking Rangers, man. I'm getting sick to my stomach
here. It's like when Stefani
they're going to have to pump my stomach.
Too much steam in my belly after giving him the double
wristers. One last series note, though, Biz.
Sorry, Big Walt, but Matthew, your son has already passed you on playoff points.
Matthew's got 57 points in 61 games.
Keith had 56 points in 89 games way back in the day.
So congrats to Matty passing the old man.
And it is time for a word from our sponsor.
All right, guys, before we go any farther,
I want to talk to you about our good friends at Farmer's Dog.
I have never understood why we feed our dogs kibble.
There's no way it's healthy for them.
So when we got ravioli, we looked elsewhere,
and that's when we found Farmer's Dog.
The days are warmer, the walks are longer,
and one easy way to help your dog shine this season is
with fresh healthy food from the farmer's dog the farmer's dog makes real fresh dog food and
delivers it right to your door recipes are developed by vet nutritionists made from real
meat and veggies and portioned for your dog just the way she likes it making it real easy to say
goodbye to burnt brown balls
and feed your dog real food with real benefits.
This is what they send over.
This is Ravioli's beef recipe.
It has her name.
It has her portions, how much she's supposed to eat each day.
It really doesn't get any better than Farmer's Dog.
It's smart, healthy pet food.
You can feel good about feeding your pup.
It's the best option for dogs of all life stages because it's not kibble. It's not, healthy pet food. You can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option
for dogs of all life stages because it's not kibble. It's not can goo. It's real healthy food.
Traditional dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality
ingredients than they claim to, and are extremely difficult to portion accurately. Like I said,
this tells you exactly how much you're supposed to eat each day. The Farmer's Dog isn't just fresh, high-quality food.
They also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog based on their unique needs.
It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old.
It's always the right time to begin investing in their health.
That means more happy, healthy, and full years together.
Get 50 off your first box of fresh, healthy food
at thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets.
Plus, you get free shipping.
Just go to thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets
to get 50 off.
That's thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys.
After this weekend, a lot of folks are clamoring
for ice-level fight camps
like we saw the Memorial Cup round robin between Max McHugh from London
and Kayla Parker from Moose Jaw.
Check it out right here.
It's good stuff.
Don't show David Branch this.
Oh, we have to address that.
Oh, yeah.
We have to address the pussy suspension, pussy gate.
Yes.
This is a segue, yeah.
Either way.
I had multiple people reach out to me saying that the kid that was called a pussy had absolutely nothing to do with it.
I was told that the linesman heard it and that the linesman went to the ref and we were hard on the kid who apparently was a tattletale.
That was not the story.
We had conflicting reports.
Who did you hear from?
I can't say.
No, because obviously I heard from Saginaw.
Now, first of all, I'm kidding when I say I would renounce my draft status
and want no association of the Saginaw spirit.
Some people from the town, I think, took that very seriously.
We fuck around here on the podcast.
I was just fucking around, okay?
That's first things first.
So then they call to tell me about
the fact that this has been made up ken campbell reported this right in the hockey news now yeah i
i i spoke with the other side they they also said you could see in the video where the kid from
saginaw looks over at the ref after it was said and he says did you hear that so that's what he meant in a sense of
like tattletaling where i don't know reinforcing that the guy said it uh maybe and maybe that he
they felt that that the ref felt pressure to go report it because that guy's dad worked for the
league but i guess when the kid was drafted to saginaw, his, his father didn't, didn't work with the league.
He like renounced his position because of the conflict of interest.
The problem is though, his name is still on the website, the OHL website.
So that's where I think people drew that in.
So, but after talking once again, the London side, it was, it was re restated that no,
no, no.
He reinforced to the official wow we got a he
said that's what that's what i'm saying that and and obviously i want to take sagging aside
but i'm reporting the facts about what i'm hearing from both sides sagging is saying
fuck you that's bullshit i never said fuck all the official he said it and the referee took it
went and filed the report now
from my understanding there has only been one other incident like this in the ohl's history
and apparently was also against saginaw oh boy and but once again i'm trying to collect the
truth and understand what the fuck is going on with Pussygate. But also, as reinforced by the London side, they go,
Biz, the word pussy is thrown around like 10 times a game in these fucking scrums.
A shift.
So it just so happens that the one time it's said in a scrum,
it's against this guy whose father worked for the league, right?
And once again, that the kid heard him reinforce it to the official.
Hey, did you hear what he said?
You can't say that.
Like one of those kind of things.
So we don't know the truth.
We don't know the truth.
But Saginaw fought back hard that we had it wrong.
We have it wrong.
So right now I'm saying, I don't know what the truth is, right?
Only God knows.
I know the truth. That Branch
upheld the suspension was the pathetic
loser in all of this. That's the whole
point we were trying to make. This is a bullshit
suspension. The fact that the word
pussy is in this anti-bullying
thing when, mind you, he
said it back to a person
who threatened injury upon
him. That is the definition
of bullying.
Not saying, no, you won't do it because you're a pussy.
Also, another truth that we know about this,
these two teams meet on Wednesday, tomorrow.
How do I watch the Memorial Cup?
The Memorial Cup.
Both teams right now, as it stands, from my understanding, are 2- and oh so whoever wins that game gets a buy
to the final the memorial cup if i don't see that ref fight cam between those two fucking guys
at center ice we need it come on spirit you tell those liabetics on the other side that you want
a fucking piece of them and if you're the lond Knights and you're saying Saginaw is the liabetic,
so basically what I'm doing right now is putting an online bounty
on both teams' heads.
Let's fucking go Memorial Cup.
How do you like that one, David Branch?
How do you like that one, Branch?
Imagine him watching South Park.
He ain't going to be happy.
He ain't going to be happy.
Delete that!
I want to see Saginaw Spirit get that bye to the finals
and beat the wheels off those fucking cake eaters in London
who get paid in the Louis Vuitton duffel bags.
Come on, Saginaw, let's go.
I'm not renouncing nothing.
I'm part of the squad.
Hey, dress me up.
I'll fight them.
Not going to renounce Satan, Biz, or what?
What do you mean?
Satan what? It's a life
of a godfather. I know you probably never saw
the godfather in all his works.
I've never seen it front to back.
I've always just seen it in parts.
I've got to sit down and maybe take a few
gummies and watch it.
At least that we got a little bit of drama in junior hockey.
Like, this is a thing.
We have a guy saying that a guy tattletaled on the guy
and got him a five-game sussy.
Like, guys' names are being thrown under the bus here.
Would you not agree?
Yeah.
Yeah, and the original report, again, was Ken Cable on the hockey news.
We didn't make any of it up. But he's reporting what London's side was, and I original report, again, was Ken Campbell on the hockey news. We didn't make any of it up.
But he's reporting what London's side was, and I've watched the video,
and it does look like the kid leans back and says something to the official.
You've got to send me the video.
I'm going to, man. I'm going to.
So Saginaw was obviously upset at the fact that I took Ken Campbell
and London's side and word for it.
And I said, listen, I have no problem like rehashing this,
but I said, send me the video.
And then when I watched the video, I'm like, fuck,
he looks back and says something, Adam.
I'm going to send it to you right now.
Send it over.
Boys, tons of coaching news this last week, all kinds of stuff going on.
I don't know if you guys heard a Boston-based writer broke the news
on Twitter that Sheldon Keefe would be the next head coach of the New Jersey Devils the other day.
All right.
Good for you, buddy.
Good for you.
How happy are you that you got one?
You got what?
Oh, that's unbelievable.
Oh, they couldn't write chicklets?
No, no.
Actually, a lot of people chimed in about that.
And, no, that was done correctly.
Because I know, you know, not everyone in the chicklets family is necessarily a fan of Greg chimed in about that. And no, that was done correctly because I know, you know,
not everyone in the Chickasam is necessarily a fan of Greg Wyshynski.
I go way back with Greg.
I like him.
I sat with him a couple of playoff games and I teased him.
I saw what they would.
ESPN wouldn't let you write spit and chick.
He's like, no, not at all.
He goes, but you broke it from your personal feed.
It wasn't on the show.
It wasn't from the actual account.
So he did it like the right way. you know he properly uh attributed journalistically wise and he said they
wouldn't let me uh but if elliot breaks it on his own feed it says sports that's elliot friedman
breaks trade what are you talking about i i mean i guess maybe it's splitting his i i mean you could
say chicklets is oh it did say it like i know I know... All right, I will say this. Are we talking about the fact that he didn't get credit again?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Did you see the screenshot that was just up there?
It says Boston-based writer.
That's amazing.
That's amazing.
No, honestly, I'm so happy that it played out that way
because my dad,
you know, if it came up rare at Chicklets, my dad would be happy.
But the fact he was able to see his last name, our last name on the ticket,
he was over the moon about it because, you know, again,
obviously he would have been if it was at raid Chicklets.
But I think just the fact that was my name that popped up in his last name,
he was psyched about it, as was I.
So, yeah, nobody did anything wrong.
It wasn't like sliding Chicklets or anything like that.
They wouldn't let  I wish he was Rare Admiral.
They wouldn't let him use my wrestling name, my fake name.
That's why he was Brian McGonigal.
So, yeah, I know obviously I'm with chiclets.
And, you know, like Frank gave me credit.
Darren Draga and Elliot retweeted.
So, yeah, it's nice when the big guys give you some love for it too.
Good job, R.A.
You were buzzing.
Thanks, boys.
Like I told you guys years ago, man,
the thrill for you guys playing pro hockey is scoring a goal.
And when you're an English major journalism nerd,
it's getting a scoop and getting us.
Come on.
That's that's your high.
That's your dopamine hit.
A hundred percent.
Look,
we Kevin weeks.
We,
I mean,
well, Kevin was a goalie,
so he,
I don't,
he didn't score goals much,
but,
uh,
I mean,
he same way.
I think he got that same juice like that,
that same adrenaline rush when you break stories, man,
if you got an act for it. Yeah. It's a, it's a great thing. So yeah.
Thanks for the kind words guys. And Keith, he signed a four year deal.
He was at Toronto five seasons, made the playoffs all, all five of them.
He only got to the first round once. He'll be the devil's frozen buddy.
Yeah. Your, your, your, your, your face is from your face is frozen.
It's okay. It's okay. You, you crushed it. Yeah, your face is frozen. Your face is frozen. It's okay.
It's okay.
You crushed it.
You got the scoop.
You're frozen.
Oh, there he is.
He's back.
Woody Wi-Fi.
I think my timer, I got to reset.
You know when your screensaver kicks on sometimes too soon?
Yeah.
Anyways, yeah, he signed a four-year deal.
He was in Toronto five seasons, made the playoffs all five seasons.
He got out of the first round just once.
He'll be the Devils fifth coach since 2019
and their third coach since
March. I think he'll be there for a while.
I love this hire. I like it.
He sent over a quote. He said, after five years
and six playoff rounds, I'm a far
better coach than when I arrived in the NHL.
So, yeah, I think it's a good hire.
Biz, as the Leafs guy,
what's your take on it?
I said I think he
was collateral damage to this year.
I think that maybe
the
criticism would be he wasn't hard
enough on those guys and to mold them
into like, especially the
core guys, aside from Tavares,
because he's like a veteran. But like
the guys like Marner, right?
Cause obviously the only move they've done is went out and got
Berube,
a guy who knows what it takes to win and,
you know,
play a little bit harder and get guys to buy income playoff time.
But I mean,
I still think he's a great coach.
I think he's going to learn from that and he's going to bring it to
another organization who has a lot of young core players.
And he would have learned from those mistakes and just flourish
and continue to learn and grow as a coach and be good.
I think it's probably the best hire of any other coach outside of Berube
that we've seen so far this offseason.
Like, I like it better than the Travis Green hire.
No offense to any of these guys anywhere.
I think it's a really good fit based on learning from experience in Toronto
and then now getting to bring it to another team
who's probably going to be receptive to young, fresh ideas.
I don't think that Lindy Ruff was the answer,
nor do I think he's the answer in Buffalo.
So that's pretty much all I got to say about that.
Did you have much to say on it, Wick?
Because I just got a juicy, juicy text about this pussy game yeah I can't do you want to talk more about Keith first
or no um no I think it's a good hire I think being with a lot of younger great players already
helps him and I also think that if I could have had any job in the NHL that was open as a head
coach I would have wanted jerseys
I think they have the brightest future
and now you get to go in there with way less
pressure way less media and you just
get to do your thing without being in the
bubble of Toronto with a team that
has a crazy like positive
outlook in the next five six years
I love the hire and I'm happy for him
I love that Toronto and I'm happy for him. I love that.
What's up, fellas?
I got to see this fucking guy's face
as if my day wasn't going bad enough.
I just wanted to get my perspective
from the devil's side of things.
We never asked.
We never asked.
In my head, I was actually like,
I wonder if Posh is on and sure as shit we see him.
What's going on at the Arbutus Club?
Is everybody still fucking or is that done because they got beat out?
It's still the talk of the town, but it's still the talk of the town.
You're not that stick shift, were you?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So I know that they were trying to deny it, but were people actually fucking it?
Oh, it's a thousand percent confirmed.
I've heard from so many members.
Like, you know, it was three couples.
Apparently, they've all been suspended for a year.
I heard that actually the person that ratted them out also got suspended for
some reason.
Was it an OHL player?
It was probably the kid from Saginaw.
I agree.
I agree.
You got to make the narc pay too,
but you look pretty happy for a guy that's watching his hated rival.
The New York Rangers walking through the conference final.
If there's one guy,
another reason they're going to win.
Cause it's the shittiest year of Pasha's life.
Oh, yeah, the mush, man.
Pasha's glowing.
It's because Pasha's on a heater right now.
Pasha's on an absolute heater with the ladies.
He did text me.
And, you know, private lives can stay private, but his last text to me.
I don't know if it was on text or on Instagram.
Oh, shit, I can't find it.
Are you allowed to talk about that stuff, Pasha?
He's like, I have so much to tell you.
I've had an amazing week.
You got sucked off in a bathroom in a bar the other night.
Jesus Christ, man.
Yeah, he did.
You're the best.
You're the best, fellas.
You're the best, fellas.
Let's go.
Oh, yeah.
We're live.
Shit, we can't cut that out.
It's gone off the rails here.
What was his name?
Let's go back to talking hockey here.
Jesus Christ, Biz.
But I think it's a great hire.
First of all, Whit, thank you.
Speaking of sucking donkey dick, let's talk about your new juicy devils.
It's always nice to hear you speak positively of the devils, Whit.
It's very rare, but I agree.
It's by far the most attractive destination to go coach.
And I like the hire, too.
You can't really put the blame on keith
for the lack of lack of success in toronto they all these years they haven't had a goalie they
have one d-man that can move the puck in riley and there's no forward depth like it's a flawed
roster so i think with the devils obviously they still have a lot of roster work to do they need
a goalie that's non-negotiable they need another d-man you know they need a little bit of depth so
so fitzy's got his work cut out for him.
Keefe's coaching style, I think,
compliments the Devils so well. You saw what he got out of
the big dogs. Matthews,
Nylander, Marner offensively. I know Marner's was
only in the regular season, but I think he
compliments the roster super well.
I'm excited to see
him rattle off a couple cups with the
Devils here in the next 10 years.
A couple cups.
I think the Leafs win one before the Devils.
No chance.
I'll take that action.
What side do you want?
I want the Devils.
First of all, are you
going to have to pay up on your bet?
Yeah, you have to get a tattoo.
I'll do that when you cut your foreskin off.
Oh my God.
All of our pets are just not the same.
That's the only one I've ever followed through,
and it was because the doctor told me not to
because it could lead to a lot of problems,
including like a staph infection and disease.
Yeah, well, my doctor told me don't get a tat on your ass.
Next thing you know, I'll have a little nub there.
You already got a little nubby.
You're forcing it to make it look long.
You ever heard of lead poisoning, Biz?
My doctor told me don't get a tattoo on your ass because of
lead poisoning.
We should have to do a punishment.
Anyway,
before we
move on, I don't want to forget this.
This is the text I got about Pussygate.
Have you heard about this Pussygate?
He doesn't want to stick around. He's probably involved about Pussygate. Have you heard about this Pussygate? Well, no. Do you want to stick around? Oh, he doesn't want to stick around.
All right.
He's probably involved in Pussygate somehow.
Pussygate.
What do we got there?
So, hey, buddy, listening now, confidentially.
As he reads it.
No, no, no.
I said to him, I said, can I read it?
Okay, okay.
But not say who it's from.
I texted.
Hachet only got traded to Saginaw this season.
His dad, Conrad, is still the director of officiating.
He just stepped down back for the playoffs this year.
He also played in Kingston and Barrie.
Whatever team he's on is always the least penalized team in the league.
It's a sore point with a lot of teams.
You didn't hear it from me.
Wow.
So this is what I'm saying.
This is why I don't like,
like obviously I'm loyal to the soil,
but I'm not going to,
I'm not going to like,
how do you say that?
You're an honest journalist.
I'm an honest journalist.
I'm trying to learn from R.A. here.
Right?
He's the journal
and he's passing down his knowledge.
So this game,
I don't know how you stream it.
Gee, if you could maybe Google how you
watch this game. Is it on an NHL network
in the States? I think it is.
It's probably streaming. If not that, it should be
streaming somewhere, I would imagine. So we have the
Saginaw Spirit and the London Knights
final game of the Memorial Cup
in the regular round to
get a free buy to the finals.
These fucking guys need to fight each other at center ice
to solve this.
NHL Network.
Americans can watch it on NHL Network.
Do they not?
They're calling each other liars publicly.
This is fucking crazy.
Yeah, I mean, is it?
Exactly.
Is it sour grapes?
Five game suspension.
Five games.
If the original report's true, it's upsetting that Saginaw has fought back on it.
But I feel like they wouldn't be reaching out as an organization if they were, like,
they wouldn't be lying, going double down style.
So I don't know what to believe.
I'm going to send you the video, and we could keep talking about other stuff,
but I want you to watch it.
All right. Send it over. Um, Biz, I knew you would ask before, uh,
Toronto is off the hook, uh, for the last two years of Keith's extension.
Uh, he had signed that extension last year. So, uh,
basically Toronto is off the hook now that he signed the hat around.
That's the hat. Well, they don't need any money. Yeah. They're good.
Well, interestingly, it's funny. I know Maurice, he actually coach coached true but his five and a half of his first six years in the
league i'm not sure people realize that when he was making the joke there you know about passing
the hat you know that was fucking 70 years ago it was a while ago when he played for him but that's
not it for coaching news uh the la kings will be removing the interim tag from jim hiller uh named
him the 30th head coach in franchise history,
signed for three years with an option for a fourth.
Sorry.
He went 21-12-1.
Sorry, the Kings went 21-12-1 under Hiller
after he relieved Todd McClellan.
He looks like Double Dion, huh, Piz?
The dude, Hiller?
He looks like an older version of Dion.
A little bit, yeah.
I don't really know what to make of this.
I mean, I guess like after they interviewed the guys,
the guys probably liked him, and they figured,
hey, maybe we don't have a good enough candidate to go out and get.
Maybe it was just situation, boys, where they're like,
hey, we're not paying.
How many more years did McClellan have on his deal?
Because some of these teams, they don't want to pay coaches who aren't coaching for them, so they don't have the budget.
When you get a team like Toronto, although they've been let off the hook now,
they could have fucking four coaches on salaries.
They don't give a fuck.
They got a billion in the bank.
They're backed by so much money.
So I would imagine he's not making a ton of money either.
But, yeah, I mean, I wish him all the success.
I mean, I guess they were outmatched come playoff time.
Like they couldn't figure out their PK, which has killed them the last two years.
Like what did he do to, to maybe earn that, that spot.
And as to why this group who's kind of on their last legs where like doughty and
copetar can't play to this level for much longer and once those two guys are gone
dubois is not the answer because he was just as bad at the world championships
so if you're trying to win now i don't know if maybe that's the answer so that's they also they
got to change like their style of play.
Like that's sitting back.
I don't think the guys love doing it.
And I would guess that part of the interview process is like,
Hey,
do you have a different idea of how this team can play faster?
And maybe he said,
yeah.
And,
and he had just taken over from the clown system there.
So they stuck with it.
Maybe now going into camp,
they bring in an entire new way to approach their games and how they're going to play.
I mean, they fucking rock it.
Like, didn't Knobloch introduce a new system and change it up?
I think, yeah, a little bit.
Well, they were, like, stuck in between with Woodcroft,
but then I think Paul Coffey's had a ton to do with the D in Edmonton.
I don't think it was just Kn all-block change in that entire team.
And they also might have switched it all around,
had Woodcroft even stayed, like, that roster.
But I was kind of surprised at this.
But I didn't even think about what you said
in terms of not having to pay, like, another contract with another coach.
Sometimes that's the reason.
Yeah.
They're so fed up, the owners.
All right, boys, before we get to the last
couple hires here we do have a word from one of our sponsors all right before you go any further
here's a few words from our friends at labatt hey gang lots of things are better together
hockey of course food always nice to share some food with family friends golf not always fun to
play solo that's why it's good to get together with some folks.
But if you really want to take things to the next level,
drink some Labatt Blue Lights with your friends
and live life to the power of we.
That's what we like to do here on The Chicklet Show.
If we're doing a live stream or just hanging out,
watching the playoff games,
we take a page out of the Labatt Blue Light book
and enjoy our beers together
so we can live life to the power of we.
You can find Labatt Blue Light at labattusa.com slash finder.
Just saw the video.
The kid's the captain of Saginaw too, huh?
Yeah.
So when he...
Yeah, he kind of like, he does this and then even...
He said something to the ref. even said something to the ref.
He said something to the ref.
Why would you be saying something to the ref?
Right?
So it doesn't look good for him.
I would love to get them on the podcast.
Like, we got to get them on the pod.
I want to hear it from the butcher's mouth.
But they asked if I would talk, and I had so much shit going on.
I'm like, no, I'll handle it after.
But I want to see how this whole Memorial Cup plays out,
and then we'll get to the bottom of it.
But great little antics coming in.
We'll turn Chicklets into Jerry Springer over here.
Jerry, Jerry.
That's what the people want.
They want the drama, baby.
All right.
A couple more coaching hires as well.
The Winnipeg Jets replaced the retiring Rick Bonas
with his assistant, Scott Arneal.
When Bonas had to take some absences the last couple of years for family and health reasons,
Arneal posted a 15-7-3 record in that interim role over those 25 games in the last two seasons.
Our pal Mike Commodore, as you may have survived.
Oh, yeah, he loved this hire.
Not a huge fan of the hire.
His tweet, massive mistake by the Jets.
Scott Arneal is a loser.
He's been a loser his entire career.
Got a chance years ago.
His arrogance ruined everything.
He spent the last 14 years with his nose up assholes
and his lips wrapped around balls.
Hashtag loser.
Again, that's a friend, Mike Commodore's tweet.
Not necessarily our views.
Have you guys heard anything maybe contradictory
about his coaching style throughout the league?
I don't feel so bad the way
I broke down the Hiller hiring.
Palmer is not a fan.
He was holding back punches now, was he?
I don't know anything about Scott O'Neill.
Me neither. I just know that they played
great when Bonas wasn't behind the bench
with him there. They gave up
the least amount of goals per game in the entire
NHL,
and he had a big part of that coaching job this season. So I think that kind of makes sense.
I mean, he's been there. He knows the guys. It's a lot tougher than you think. And same thing with
Hiller in LA of becoming the nice guy assistant and then becoming the head coach. It's just a
different relationship with every player. So having been a head coach, I think that Winnipeg looks at it like we know what this guy brings.
We know how he does things behind the bench.
We're comfortable.
Even though our,
our playoff was a complete failure.
Our regular season was great and he was there for a big part of it.
So it kind of made sense to me.
I don't know the guy.
Ditto.
I don't know him either.
I just thought it was funny when,
when commie goes on there and he doesn't hold back.
Would you call it a safe high of biz perhaps?
Uh,
I,
uh,
okay.
So like,
I don't want to offend people from Winnipeg,
but I don't think it's like the easiest thing to get free agents there,
including like great coaches who like big markets can pay a shit ton of
money.
It goes back to like,
how much money do you think that Winnipeg has to spend on a coach?
Like, I bet your bonus was
making probably maybe
two and a half, probably under.
If you want to get a top tier coach
now, you have to spend four or five
million bucks a year.
Like Witt said,
what the fuck are you looking like that for?
Guys, I have someone real quick.
We got to let him in here.
The Baron of Boston, the Prince of Prague,
IIHF World Champion,
David Costa.
Costa!
There he is.
What a celebration.
What a celebration.
What's up, boys? I'm going to have to brush up my
English, boys.
Join the club. We do too.
How sick was that atmosphere in the game, the party after, that rink?
Even when Canada was playing, whatever, the bronze medal game,
are there Czech flags everywhere?
What an experience, huh?
Boy, this was insane, honestly, like the fans.
You could see the whole country was leaving, you know, of the tournament.
You could see the whole country was leaving the tournament.
Overall, the whole three weeks, they were making the hockey really enjoyable for the whole country.
Yesterday, honestly, it was one of my better days to see and bring all these people to the old square.
It was a lot of fun. very i enjoyed it i i needed it you know uh so it was fun pasta like very few czech guys have had the ability to like
win at home like that and celebrate with the home crowd like how many people were there and like i
saw you even after the game i think you were were embracing Jaramir Jagr. Like, what does this mean for Czech hockey?
Dude, it's huge, you know.
Overall, we were waiting for so long for the gold medal, you know.
And it couldn't come at a better time, honestly, like, at home,
playing in front of the fans.
And when I came here, like, the group of guys we had,
it's very easy to be hit and miss you
know when you come to this world championship for the group of guys and especially for a couple guys
coming late in the from NHL you know like a lot you have to kick somebody out and uh oh my god
we we had a I think we were the first team who had black aces for the whole tournament, and we had like seven of them.
But because it was in Czech, they all stayed and were black aces.
Yeah, they're not going anywhere.
We had one guy.
We called him a captain of the black aces.
So he got up to gold ace.
He was the gold ace.
But he haven't played the whole tournament, boys.
And then he got the call-up for the final.
No way. He got to play the final no way he got the final
game that's fucking awesome dude they couldn't practice you know with us they couldn't skate
or anything so they were just pretty much you know for a week drinking sitting sitting on a couch and
just trying to bring the atmosphere but he got, boys, and he did an unbelievable job, and, you know, we
obviously shut them down, so that was
fun, but overall, it means
a lot, because, you know, gold, how I said,
Czech, Czech waited a lot,
a lot of years for this, and the
country needed it, and
you know, we're enjoying every second of it,
the party was crazy yesterday,
and I think we have one more day in front of us.
You look like Neil Yakupov on your knees there celebrating.
I love that celebration.
I swear to God, I told myself I will never, ever celebrate on my knees.
Exactly because of that moment.
And I didn't even know there was so many emotions that possibly could be brought up of me to go down on my knees but
you know what that was crazy i obviously uh the system i had to play with you know with our coach
it was like the number that was like very hard for for for us to come so late in the tournament right
so you just focus on the system and then obviously i wasn't producing and and i i didn't really care
we were winning but yeah a lot of emotions i can't believe i got down on my knees in the celebration guy but uh i'm happy
i did because it felt good well it was a it was a typical pasta rock at one time or i loved the
celebration but you were kind of open about when they announced this four four nations tournament
next year like what about czechia and and now with the youth program and the world junior success
and, like, what you guys have done, it's got to be like,
fuck, why aren't we in the mix, right?
We definitely feel like it, especially after the tournament that Finland had.
And we know they didn't have the best team here.
But, you know, it's hard.
I just felt like I have to poke a little bit, you know.
I had to poke at it but I understand the circumstances
and the stuff that you know
it's just a quick tournament
they had much time to plan
and everything but
I just couldn't let it be without a little
poke you know after winning it
and honestly
it's very arguable
yes the four nations.
It might be, paper-wise, it's the best countries of hockey, right?
Especially when you take Russia out of there.
But I didn't mean it in the wrong way.
I just wanted to take a little poke at it.
And obviously, we wish we were there.
And also for Czech hockey, it would be amazing to bring another step and play in this tournament. But you know and also for like check hockey would it would be amazing uh to bring
another step and and play in this tournament but uh you know what it's okay and uh i just had to
poke at it we'll go i want to go back to the team uh after this question um i don't want to come off
as insulting would you guys be up for maybe like combining teams if they continue to do maybe this type of of nation's cup or
whatever would you be okay teaming up with other other teams from europe i think you know what would
be uh kind of cool is like the like czech and slovakia used to be czechoslovakia same country
right back in the day and and i think it would be kind of cool if we brought it back for some
tournament because czechoslovakia you, we could have put a good team together.
And, you know, we used to be the same country.
Now we are neighbors.
It's obviously unless you play against each other,
you kind of cheer on each other, right?
I don't mind Slovaks.
I like you speak the same language.
It's very similar.
So I think that would be kind of a good idea.
And I think we could have put a really good team together.
So a way to, also a way to bond the countries.
Now, when they separated, was it for any, like, war?
Was it like, was there tension?
Or was it just like a, both?
No, I think both countries was, you know,
it was nothing in the bad.
So we never, we separated, a you know on a good note and um
obviously i never get into politics but uh it's it's too bad for the sports because you know
how i said i think it will be a interesting team and we could have a have a put a really good team
together but so yeah i wouldn't i wouldn't mind teaming up especially with those guys but uh uh if there would be like tournament like it was back in the day with the uh with the
world cup was the team europe and stuff uh that would be also interesting but um i think this
would be a little better i i what's uh what's the pilsner you're sipping on there what's your
favorite czech pilsner posh pasta. Oh, this is delicious here.
Oh, it's so good.
It's so good.
That makes me want to have a beer right after this.
It's better than the Big Deal beer or whatever.
Yeah, Big Deal brewing.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it's coming back.
It's coming back.
We're figuring things out.
Is it Pilsner or Budva?
What kind of beer is that?
It's Pilsner Ukral, yes. Okay, nice.
Hey, how about your goalie, man? Lucas
Dostal, back-to-back shutouts
to win the tournament. He should be the
starter maybe next year in Anaheim if they trade
Gibson, huh?
Obviously, he's in the West
and we played Anaheim twice
and Gibby played both games.
So I honestly had no idea how good he is.
It's unbelievable.
And if you have a goalie in the playoffs who out of three games
he has two shutouts, I mean, if you don't win,
I don't know what to do.
He was so good.
And the warm-up he was doing, the preparation,
obviously I'm getting a little older,
so I'm warming up quite a bit before
games and and you know he was there and doing deadlifts before game and and uh you know classic
goalie weird stuff weird but uh i was very surprised how good he is you know and i didn't
know i i didn't know him as a person before coming here and i didn't know him as a person before coming here, and I didn't know him as a goalie. And I must say, like, it was unbelievable to see him.
But I almost freaking killed him when he tried to go for a goal
in the gold medal game when it won nothing.
Like, are you fucking kidding me?
I'm on the bench there.
That's what the analytics tell you.
Dude, I was like, you almost gave me a heart attack.
Like, are you kidding me?
You passed it right in the slot to Fiala.
Like, come on.
Oh, man, that is fucking crazy.
That is crazy.
Oh, shit.
What song was that you were singing when you were up on stage?
Or was that like a call and response?
That was such a cool moment with your wife and your kid when you were dancing and having a good time.
Man, that must have been the pinnacle of life right there.
Dude, that was actually outstanding.
I'm glad, you know, you have all these videos and stuff these days
that you can see this amazing moment and relive it,
especially when you are a little tipsy, you know.
You don't recognize it.
So it was definitely so cool to see this morning.
And overall, the chants, you know, I love chanting, as you guys know, I always go to the, you know, soccer games and chanting.
So it was fun to let the whole old square in Prague sing.
And, you know, we are world champions.
It feels good, yeah, man.
How I said I needed it, it got me up a lot.
So I'm very happy.
Is it like you hear about guys who go to the world championships and they get to have a
fun time throughout the tournament?
Was that kind of like you guys?
Like, were you going out the whole time where you got to embrace like the city and or were
you guys pretty focused and dialed in and made sure you had curfew and and just focused
on winning?
We had a team room at the hotel where we all hang out every day but you you couldn't you couldn't go outside here
for us you know like i like it's crazy so how i said the friends were leaving it here big time
like you couldn't even get out the hotel so we were really locked down for the whole tournament. I mean, for the time I was here, like, I didn't go out once besides going to the arena.
I went home, obviously, a quick one when my family came.
But so all the boys kind of locked it down.
And, you know, we were going to try to win it and enjoy it after.
So it was locked down we had
our own uh space to hang out together which is always the best and and you know you just
chilling and watch the other games and if you stay up a little late you watch a little play
of hockey too and listening to this um so that was fun oh sorry about that buddy it's all good
it's similar to like soccer in Europe, too, where if you guys
are out, it's going to be in the newspaper and
stuff. Like, they're just following the players
everywhere they go, right?
Yeah, no, you get paparazzis
here. Obviously, Czech is a small country,
so we don't have
many famous people, right?
So they're all
hunting for the sports guys, you know?
And when you go out, you see them.
So I had a great one
yesterday. I always try to smile on them
when I was going home.
It was like about four cameras.
But yeah, I was in a small country. They're not used
to famous people, so they're
hunting the athletes. Who's the most
famous person there?
Would we know them? Would Jager be the most famous person there like who would be like would we know them would
jogger be the most famous person in the country i actually uh or the most famous person in the
country so that's tough one i like world like it depends we have so many actors czech actors or
singers that are famous in czech but you know not worldwide yaks is famous worldwide but he's probably still uh the
the most famous guy probably i don't know i don't know his life i never see him outside or
if he gets buried i just know like it's crazy i cannot go anywhere so like if yaks have that he
must like go crazy that's crazy but you can't go anywhere pasta like even even when the
tournament isn't going on like you're getting paparazzi
no it's not the people yeah these people uh you know like it doesn't make it makes big difference
because they you are never here right you are here for one month and and then like in boston
they see you every day for example they're in America
you're in bigger country they're used to seeing you but once you come here they're like oh my god
we have to like don't miss this opportunity so it gets very crazy yeah it's uh the big difference
was uh since I won the bronze medal in Tampere that was the biggest jump like I wasn't prepared
for it in my head it was it was crazy so last couple
years i already know that if i come here like i have to prepare with my head so uh you know what
i need to fucking prepare in my head was you fucking ruining my leaf season buddy the fuck
was that i didn't see you do those 10 push-ups on the i saw your bed i'll do them right now
i'll do it right now you were supposed to do 10 push-ups on the live stream with,
I don't know who you had the bet with, but you do them.
So let's go.
This podcast is a tough thing with living through bets and actually like.
Yeah, past that.
There was a clip of Yaga walking around, checked the other day.
And like, I mean, he was like the Pied Piper.
He was absolutely swarmed.
Like I couldn't believe he was out in public.
Yaga is hunting followers now and doing
documentaries. He's just this media
guy. They're filming and
there's good stuff.
There you go. Count him out.
One. He's not going all the way down.
He's practicing for Raya later.
He's doing the tricep.
This is what he does before he takes
selfies of his pecs and stuff too.
This is how he does things. How about of his pecs and stuff, too. This is how he does things.
Pasta.
How about Yags?
Yags made a video.
He said that, like, obviously, I said I didn't produce the whole tournament.
And then he called it out.
That boy, Biss, he's a breather now.
He called out that he's going to break it through in the finals
and have a game-winning goal.
He said that?
He posted it on Instagram even before finals.
And I remember because they asked me, did you see the video, like the reel?
And I was like, I saw it, but I was like, buddy,
there's no way I'm going to get the game-winning goal.
Like, I'm just trying to survive.
Oh, shit. Hey, Pastor, producer Grinelli wanted to jump in. He had a question for you. He gave me the goal like I was just trying to survive. Shit.
Hey, Pastor, producer Grinelli wanted to jump in.
He had a question for you.
Gee, what do you got?
Yeah, I mean, winning with your teammate, Pavel Zaka, must be awesome.
And you mentioned at the end of the year that you're going to put your recruiting hat on this summer.
Have you done any recruiting in Prague?
Have you talked to Martin Nakes?
I guess I think he'd look awesome in a Bruins jersey.
Where do we stand on the
recruiting front? I heard Patrick
Kane's name come up.
Drysaddle? Give us Drysaddle!
I heard Tyler Bertuzzi.
That's tampering.
That's tampering.
Who else was the other name that popped up too?
Tyler Bertuzzi, Reunion maybe?
Brett Pescici we're throwing them
all out there hey ah stop yeah you went to the league you don't want the sloppy seconds eh
stay there are you kidding me he went to leave yeah another baby pop yeah i mean
like we will see i mean i don't know man i don't know, I don't know, man. I don't know, man.
I don't know.
Like, you got me into the tight squeeze right now.
I will change the subject.
I'm going to put on a recruiting hat on.
But I said already for the Boston Bruins Original Six,
it should be enough for you to come want to play here.
And obviously, would I love people to come
and wanting to play with me?
Yes, of course.
But how I said at the end of the day,
if you don't want to come to the Bruins,
you have to want to come there for the organization
and be prepared to obviously learn
and follow the rules there.
And we'll see.
I think it's going to be an interesting summer.
Fucking right.
Love that.
Pasta, Wotherspoon, he shared a video.
A bunch of the guys were on a charter plane.
Obviously, you were playing over the Worlds.
And Carlo, he threw something.
I don't know.
It was a dice.
What was that game?
Have you ever played that game?
Do you know what it was?
He threw something down the airplane,
and it landed in a cup at the bottom of the airplane,
at the end of the airplane.
Did you see the video?
Yeah, the boys were in the plane.
I don't know.
It looked like maybe it was, I don't even want to say it,
but it was rolling like crazy.
So maybe it was during a takeoff.
I don't know.
Oh, yeah.
They were definitely airborne because it went like basically downhill.
There it is.
I can't believe Brandon made it, honestly.
That was a chartered flight.
That was them cheering for your goal, dude.
Dude, that was awesome because I was obviously so jet-lagged.
I had to mute that conversation because there were so many texts coming in that group chat.
And I woke up that morning.
I remember I had like 45 messages in that uh group chat and uh i woke up that morning i remember i had like
45 messages in that group and and i was scrolling through it and it was awesome to see but
honestly i have never played a game no but uh it's quite fun hey pasta we gotta bring up the
chat's going nuts about just i gave you so much credit when you fought matt kachuk and the only
fights i ever got into were out of scrums,
where I didn't have to, like, think about it.
Like, what was your adrenaline like when you told Monty, like,
I'm fighting him, and he's kind of like, all right, here we go.
You were that fired up and ready to go, huh?
Yeah.
Like, you know how, like, I felt like, you know, he was barking.
I felt like if I won't fight him, it's going to juice up them or I will give them something to, you know what I mean?
Like, to bark about it.
And he was saying the whole time, I was like, let's do it at home next game,
first shift.
And he said, no, let's do it right.
No, first he said yes.
Then he came back to the bench and he's like, no, we're doing it right now.
I was like, it's 6-2 hockey game.
Like, let's do it next shift, first game.
We both, you know, both players, like, that's a trade you want to take, right?
Like, you take, I take him, he take me out of the game for five minutes.
And he goes like, no, let's do it right now.
So, I mean, like, I was fine with going because I felt like I like
it's gonna help more me going him than not going him because then like you would listen to it for
the rest of the series right so that's how I felt you know and then like I was gonna jump
I was gonna go so like aggressive but uh then I remember then I remember as I'm jumping over the board,
Debraz goes, be careful, he's going to come in hot.
He's going to come in hot.
And then I'm jumping on the...
I'm about to have my second fight,
and you're saying that to me,
so I was like, oh my God, he's going to come fast at me.
So I was like, am I supposed to?
So I was going to wait for the first punch,
and I was going to dodge it, which I did.
But man, I had no idea how hard it is to keep the balance on you know like it's crazy because
once i dodged the first punch i was yeah i was off the balance and yeah it's too bad but honestly uh
i'm happy i did it i think it was a it was a up. You know, they were just so much deeper, so much better than us, unfortunately.
And, you know, they were better than us, you know.
And also, like, sitting on it for two days until you have to do it off the draw.
Although, I think the roof might have came off the garden if he would have caught it.
But that's what Frederick said, the same thing, you know.
He said, like, good you did it today because now you would be thinking about it,
like you said, for two days and that wouldn't be good for you.
I was like, you know what?
You're probably right.
That would not be good for me.
So one thing you did have to sit on, unless you didn't see the quotes,
was after game six, Monty was like, yeah, we need more from pasta.
And then obviously you had that huge moment in game seven with the OT
winner.
Like,
did you guys have a chuckle after,
did you go up to him like before the game and say,
I know I need to be better.
I got one tonight.
Like how did that,
how did that conversation take place after you heard it?
Well,
he,
as soon as he said it to the media,
he went,
he,
he went to me before he,
and he told me like,
uh,
before you like,
uh, before you see it on the internet,
I wanted to tell you that I went hard on you in the media.
Wow.
And I said that in the interview because I said I appreciate it. But, like, you know what?
Like, I don't care.
Like, I said it in the media.
Like, I would do the same.
Obviously, it wasn't my theory, you know?
Like, I wasn't producing enough but i'd like i told him like
listen like we were winning we were scoring goals we had power play goals you know without like
i'd be better i would be better maybe next year it'd be my theory you know and and um you know he
he understood it and he appreciated the same like as a player you appreciate him
coming to you before, you know,
you see it on media to tell you that he talks shit about you before you see it on your own.
So I appreciate the talk.
I have a good relationship with him.
He can always be honest with me the opposite way.
So sometimes I help the player, you know.
Sometimes he doesn't.
So that's
how that's how it works up tonight what's up for tonight pasta well I'm
right like about a way of finishing beer so I'm gonna end you guys soon but we
just got to the pop today's kind of day was little free but we have a meeting 30
minutes ago the team met up here so it's kind of like last day
we have a dinner in the pub
and you know take the
dancing shoes
for one more night and
we'll see
hopefully
it'll be a lot of fun and
like I said it's amazing
the country is still living with it busy
I don't even know what day is it today, honestly.
R.A.'s going to be over there in about six hours.
I know R.A. and G are the hardcore Bruins fans,
but just from a hockey guy perspective,
you're such an incredible ambassador for our game.
The way that you came up and all the adversity you dealt with as a kid,
you had to move to Sweden to play, move overseas and and eventually become the player that you are now and
obviously all the success you've had in the nhl and then still keep an amazing level head and
congrats on everything buddy and the fact that you get to bring a championship home to your home
country there's not a more deserving guy buddy so congrats on all your success and we're so grateful
that you gave us the time here today to,
to come share it with all the hockey fans as well, buddy.
You're, you're a chief.
Thanks, Pasta.
Wow.
What a, what a words piece.
Thank you guys so much.
Obviously you guys are first guys that I do something.
I appreciate you guys.
Hey, you guys doing a hell of a job with the hockey and,
and keep it going.
So thanks for having me.
Always fun.
And, and see you guys. Cheers for having me. Always fun.
See you guys.
Cheers.
We'll see you on the Amazon series too, buddy.
That's going to be amazing.
That'd be fun, yeah. I had a lot of fun.
All right, bud.
Take care. That was fantastic. G, I mean, like, four hundred snaps.
Great work, G.
That was awesome. Great. Hell of a job, G.
Awesome stuff.
I need a minute to myself here.
I think G might too.
So let's send it over to another ad.
All right.
Before we go any further, here's a few words from our friends at Verizon.
With Verizon's fast, reliable network, you can stream playoff games on the go or at home
and keep up with all the action.
So Verizon has you covered whether you work working late nights like we do, maybe after
a stream, maybe you're putting the outline for your show together, maybe you're a bartender,
who knows, you've got a late night.
Either way, whatever you work, whatever hours, you can always catch all the action thanks
to Verizon.
And right now, it's Red Hot Deal Days at Verizon.
Their biggest deals of the season on phones, tablets, smartwatches, and more.
So you can catch the Stanley Cup games whenever and wherever you want.
It's only until May 29th.
So hit the Verizon.com slash Barstool to get it while it's hot.
Wow.
Awesome stuff, G.
I can't believe we just got pasta from Chuck.
That was dynamite stuff.
Just a full-time bender right now.
Just living it up.
Winning it in your home country.
Streets going nuts.
Good for him.
Absolute beauty.
Absolute fucking beauty, that one.
Dan Bilesma, your old coach wit.
He's going to be back in the NHL.
He's going to be the second-
For one game.
For one game, he was my coach.
Oh, really? That's it?
No show.
Yeah, because he got-
Terry got fired. He got hired.
He coached us in Long Island. I think we lost
in overtime. Then I went home. My mom was
sick, getting surgery, and I got traded
while I was home. So I was
just there for legit 12
hours with him as a coach. But
he went in there. He won the Stanley Cup.
He then won the Jack Adams with the Penguins
in 2011.
I think let go in 2014, had a chance with Buffalo.
And it's been very surprising.
It's taken him this long.
He coached Team USA in the Sochi Olympics.
I don't know.
I don't really know what happened because a guy with that resume being younger,
I don't know if he pissed some people off or how he did things,
had gotten rumors around it in terms of what type of coach he was but it is
surprising that it took this long for him to get another chance but what does he do he goes to the
ahl he's had a great team and it's coachella valley i believe right yep yeah we lost game
seven overtime last year are they still playing right now or probably yeah uh no no they're about
to start the western conference finals yeah so this, he's kind of maybe reinvented himself a little bit.
I don't know any of the maybe negativities that surrounded his name
when all these coaching vacancies were opening up
and he was getting overpassed.
I don't really know the backstory to that,
but it seems like a guy who probably deserved another chance in the NHL.
And Seattle gets to get the guy who's been with their prospects,
with their AHL players. So similar to Pittsburgh guy who's been with their prospects with their ahl players
so similar to pittsburgh he's kind of coming up with a group that he'll have a bunch of guys who
played for him in the minors playing for him in the nhl he's been around that team since they
became a an nhl club and he knows how ron francis does does things and i i think this one makes
total sense yeah no i agree with you so like i don't know what the story was in Pittsburgh and Buffalo.
There had to be something, though.
Yeah, it was just kind of, yeah, maybe some negativity.
But once again, like a young coach who had a ton of success early,
and you know what?
You learn from it.
You know, you grow.
You move on.
And like you said, he went to the AHL.
Now he's having a ton of success there.
He knows these younger players.
Kind of reminds me of kind of like a Bruce Boudreaux situation
when he was with the Hershey Bears, right?
A players-type coach, and then all of a sudden you end up getting bumped up,
and a lot of those players end up filtering up
and make what eventually is a sustainable winning team.
So I wish him all the best.
I heard rumblings that they were trying to get Rob Brindamore
and he could reconnect with Francis.
I don't know how much truth there is to that rumor,
but ultimately they got a  they're zero?
No, because Brindamore re-upped in Carolina.
No.
Yeah, but he's saying they could have been somewhat talking.
Yeah.
He could have been  no, no problem.
He could have been like using those conversations as leverage to be able to get his number up.
And hey, that happens, man.
It's a greasy world out there.
But I'm excited to see how this hire turns out.
And there's many times where you see an AHL team go on a couple runs.
I mean, this is two deep runs in a row.
And then it makes sense.
Like the guy has been a part of this organization and not to mention,
like it could work out if he hadn't coached in the NHL before.
Like, all right, let's give our AHL coach a chance.
No, you got an actual former cup winner, Olympic coach, Jack Adams winner.
So this one was probably the biggest no brainer out there.
Yeah.
Like you said, with just seven years,
it did seem like an unusually long time for a guy,
especially with his coaching degree. And a shout out toris driga too driga's been killing it for
coachella valley uh he's been you know goaltender last two years they had nine two one save
percentage uh lead them to the western conference finals when once again he does have a documentary
we're going to talk about a little later about i'm the old pro hockey uh the roller hockey out in
in california yeah or something, yeah. I played roller hockey.
They had the V-skates.
Yeah, pro ball hockey.
Actually, two separate leagues.
He's doing a documentary about it.
I'm going to get a screen as soon.
I'll get it over to you guys, take a look at it.
Obviously, after the playoffs, we'll dive deeper into that.
Currently, San Jose, the only team currently without a coach in the NHL.
Carolina Hurricanes general manager Don Waddell,
he stepped down from his position after 10 years, sort of abruptly.
Eric Tulsky was named interim GM, and the search is on for a full-time replacement. This guy's mugshot. Have you seen this guy's mugshot?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Looks like Mason Lorag.
I was reading online he has a PhD, and he has 26 patents.
Yeah, in rocket Scientology.
Oh, he must be loaded, man. He has a degree in rocket Scientology. Oh, he must be loaded, man.
He has a degree in rocket Scientology, and then he
started blogging in hockey, and all of a sudden
he's a GM of
an NHL hockey team.
I love it.
I love the job
yet. Oh, they haven't
given it to him? No, he's
in. Yeah, he's in. They said the search is on
for a full-time replacement, so I think he's
I think you just keep him based on the mugshot.
Yeah, just on that salad alone.
But back to Don Waddell.
He didn't sit idle for long at all.
On Monday, it was reported that later this week,
he'll be named both GM and president of Hockey Ops
with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
He's got a few things on his plate, obviously.
Head coach Pascal Vincent's got one year left on his deal.
Will he be back?
GMs typically want their own coach. 30- old goalie elvis merzlikens he's got three
more years left at 5.4 million and a modified no train uh not a modified no trade list as a buyout
or trade likely and of course patrick line a he's only 26 still he's got two more years left at 8.7
also has a modified no trade clause what does the the team do with him? His goal scoring has declined pretty much each year.
So Waddell will have a few things on his plate.
I love this hire by the Columbus Blue Jackets.
There was actually rumblings that Kenny Holland might step down from Edmonton,
just probably given the fucking circus around that,
where it's an awesome job to have because you have this incredible fan base.
Right now, the expectations are not very high you have a decent crop of young players and now that he just
got the job he's going to have a lot of wiggle room and not a media circus he gets to just fly
under the radar just like he did in carolina so i don't know if if holland couldn't give them an
answer or or or whatnot based on the Rumblings.
Maybe he could still go there.
Maybe he could still be a part of his squad.
Yeah, yeah.
Maybe he gets like more of a different type of title.
But I believe that John Davidson has the president's tag, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Waddell got it.
No, he's the team president.
Waddell's team president of operations though. The other thing is that in
Carolina and a bunch of different people have mentioned
that Tom Dundon is
I think he's kind of hard to work for. Maybe that's
not the right term, but he's pretty demanding
as an owner. He's very
cheap, doesn't want to spend a ton of money.
So now you're going to the complete
opposite of that where the Columbus owners
are just, they're out of the picture
and they just sit out on the sideline and they have more money and they're willing to maybe spend a little bit
more. So I bet for Don Waddell, it's going to be pretty relaxing for what he's been dealing with.
And he's also built some really good teams. I don't know how much of that was him or how much
of that was, is it Tulsi? Tulsi? Tulsi. So it's a good hire, though. He's been around the league forever.
And all of a sudden now Columbus, who does have a bright future,
and Biz said awesome fans, they got to be fired up to get a guy
who thinks he can turn this thing around.
Oh, big time.
A guy with a track record like that, they'd be going nuts right now.
I want to bring on our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
He texted me last week from what?
New New Rutherford, New Jersey, East Rutherford, New Jersey.
I couldn't believe you were at the Rolling Stones concert.
Gee, I was shocked to shit.
How was it?
I need you.
I need your verdict here.
It's one of the most shocking things you'll ever see in your entire life.
The fact that these guys at 80 years old move on stage the way they do is it's just like you look around and everyone is just so mind blown because one, the music is still Mick Jagger's voice and the way he he's just like wiggling up on stage.
He's so good. But the fact like when Keith Richards came out and played his solo song and you're like, dude, this guy looks like he's about to fall over. But then he starts playing, and it's like he just gets this jolt of like
he finds the fountain of youth.
It was incredible.
I couldn't call that cocaine.
It's probably keeping them alive going out on tour.
It's like when people retire, and all of a sudden,
they're not around anymore.
It's like these guys is what they're living for.
Mick Jagger's got like a full six pack too. Like the guy
is 83 or whatever.
Are they single? Are they married?
Like, are they just like thumping roadies still?
No, Keith's been with Patty
Hanson since like 1980.
Mick still plays the field.
44 years ago.
Already knows all their spouses and how long
they've been married. I remember my dad
saw him
in the 80s and he was like ah this is probably gonna be it for them or like the 90s like this
has to be it the first time i saw them 1989 steel wheels tour three shows down foxborough actually
a big kev got got me into one of those shows shout out big cafes um and that back then 35
years ago we were like wow this might be the last time we get to see the Stones.
Final tour.
Get your final tour T-shirts.
35 years.
So I'm actually, no, they're in Foxborough Thursday night here in Massachusetts.
So this will be, I'm going to go, obviously, I think my somewhere between 35 and 40 times I've seen them total.
That's insane.
Ari, I'd say my favorite song was Miss Me.
I love that one.
They played it super long.
He was playing like the harmonica.
But then at one point when they bring out the girl, she has the best voice I ever heard.
She controlled the whole audience.
She sounded like a Tina Turner almost.
She just sang with so much passion.
And it was incredible.
I can't say enough about it.
Give me Shelter, you mean?
Yes.
Okay, okay. No, I don't want to sue the guy no yeah because that that was actually mary clayton um was the first one on that she sang on the original recording it's kind of a
dark story but they were when they were making that album like jagger needed like a you know
basically a black chick uh backup singer and he called up Mary Clayton she was a well known musician
she was 7 or 8 months pregnant
she went out like 2 or 3 in the morning
and the version of Gimme Shelter you hear
on the Stones album on Hot Rocks
she leaves it all out there
she left it all out there well she went home
afterwards that night she ended up having a miscarriage
after fucking singing
her version of that
Gimme Shelter back in like 68
69 she went exactly she went so like all out for it and she ended up having a miscarriage after
that yeah it was terrible it was pretty crazy you're not supposed to sing like hardcore when
you're that pregnant well i mean you're going back fucking late 60s paul i don't i mean doctors
back then i don't know what they might have known about something yeah that's gonna it was the promise you put in your body take a right turn
jesus yeah i did no we'll we'll make it we'll we'll turn it back the other way then uh lisa
fisher she was the she toured with the stones for years i want to say she's from the early 80s up
until maybe 10 years ago she always would come out and sing uh give me shelter with mick and of
course it's very erotic too uh mike right they right? They're kind of horny with each other, getting back-to-back with each other.
Like you at the prom.
Oh, absolutely.
You got to be a little more specific there.
You at the tavern with the 28-year-olds?
I don't know what you mean.
Gimme Shelter!
So, Biz, when I saw them in Vegas at the joint, you know, I was solo,
so I wiggled up by the front of the stage right in the show,
and Lisa Fisher,
who sings backup,
she was dabbing her forehead with the set list and then threw it down to me.
So I have like a set list with like that dad,
then Lisa Fisher sweat.
You do.
And then,
and then she left,
she left a couple of years ago and God,
it's,
I'm going to kill my,
kick myself in the,
in the ass.
I forget her replacement.
Same as Sasha,
Sasha.
I believe Sasha Allen is the name.
She's incredible.
So she's a younger girl.
So a couple of years ago, Biz,
I got wind that the Stones were playing a private party down at Foxborough
for Robert Kraft.
I mean, legit, he had like his best friends there.
And I know when the Stones come to town,
they always stay at the Four Seasons by the Boston Common.
So I went over there to the bar.
I was totally being a seeker tonight.
So I totally went over to the bar and just bellied up
and was going to order a drink and like some apps or whatever.
And Sasha, gee, sat right next to me.
And I was playing Mickey the Dunce.
I was like, oh, how are you?
How are you doing?
What brings you to town?
Oh, I'm playing with a band.
Oh, anyone I've ever heard of?
She's like, nah, definitely not.
Great poker face.
Like she didn't give up her spot in no way.
But if she, you know, if she said, oh, with so-and-so,
you know, I would have tried to
glom on to them. A few of the backup singers
come in, but I was totally being a seeker.
Yeah, they could smell you from a mile away.
R.A. stole her purse and then just started
sniffing it.
So anyways, I try to take that back to a little
more of a pleasant story there for you, Biz,
anyway. No, I love it.
I love it. I love when you get going
on the movies and all
the bands you love.
Boys, is there any other hockey chatter
that we need or we forgot?
I have one last note.
My pals, Boston, the
PWHL team, I don't know if you saw it the other night.
Game four, they won 1-0
double overtime. Actually, Minnesota
thought they got the series winner, but
it was legit goaltending interference.
It was blatant. There was no doubt about that.
So the women ended up winning 1-0.
Game 5 for all the Marbles.
Wednesday night, 7 o'clock on YouTube.
I'm going to head up and go cheer my
pals on. So hopefully we got a title in Boston.
Oh, the chat. Good thing.
Ryan McDonough, back to the
lightning.
Kind of a crazy move.
But as many people have said, I love it.
The lightning are like, we're not done yet.
We're not.
Oh, it's so crazy that they traded to begin with.
And now he's back.
But that's a pretty sick move to tell your team, like, look, we still got this core.
Now, who knows?
I like to think that means they're resigning Stamkos.
Like, let's run this back. We got
a guy who was here, but a pretty
shocking trade that came out of nowhere.
I was surprised to see
it at least, but that's pretty cool. You know,
Tampa's still looking, still believes they can
get another cup, and they bring back a guy
that was a big part of them.
And I mentioned it at the beginning of the show, but Will Smith
just officially signed his entry-level
contract with the Sharks.
Okay.
It's the start.
So now you see.
Does Leonard leave now?
Does Perot transfer like Grinelli said one time?
He can't transfer now.
The transfer portal is over.
So he's coming back.
He's playing with Higgins.
Well, yeah, Higgins is coming in.
What a stud that kid's going to be.
But that's good for BU.
Will Smith's gone.
Unfortunately, that probably means Celebrini's leaving.
But Will Smith is no longer.
What a season he had.
Leads the nation in scoring as a freshman.
Dominates.
They just came up a little short.
But good luck to him.
Congratulations.
It's going to be tough sledding for a couple years.
But he'll be in there ready to go when they are good again.
I'm going to go meet Wayne
and the Army for a cigar, boys.
That wraps it up.
One last note on the Oilers,
boys. Hanging with Gretzky
smoking cigars. Don't say something negative
right now. I don't even like cigars, but he's like,
sure, I love cigars.
Just
want to recognize
the Oilers celebrating the eighth birthday of the late Ben Stelter.
He was a good luck charm during their run to the Western Conference Finals two years ago.
The team had a 10-game home run in the street when Ben was in the house.
So very nice what they did last night.
So we just want to acknowledge the Oilers and acknowledge Ben and his family.
And, of course, extend our condolences again.
And happy birthday to the late Ben.
He was quite a character, quite a good luck charm
for the Oilers. So, boys,
a hell of a show, a great live
show. Hopefully everybody out there enjoyed it. Go
Celts, you're in the finals, and RIP to
Bill Walton, the 86 championship
team. Any final notes, boys, before we
sign off? No. Thanks for remembering
that, R.A. I just texted Mike,
Ben's father, and I've gotten the
chance to FaceTime him a couple times
and get to know him, especially after we donated
to the Ben Stelter Foundation after last year's award ceremony.
That was the first time I'd met him, right?
He was there presenting the MVP to Connor.
So anything you guys can do as far as donating,
donate to that foundation.
And Mike, we hope you get well soon as well.
So we love you guys. This has been a great show. G, tremendous job. And Mike, we hope you get well soon as well. So we love you guys.
This has been a great show.
G, tremendous job.
Great job, G.
Sucks that Marty Turco's situation with the weather down there.
We just hope that he's safe and he's found shelter.
Obviously, thanks to Joe Vokop.
He's the fucking man.
Love playing with him.
And the fact that you got pasta on after winning a championship,
huge pull for us, G.
And first starter day.
And I was going to say, that hair you had during that puppy dog food ad,
buddy, you must have been loving it.
That might be your best haircut yet.
Well, I just wear the hat.
I'm just too nervous that people will make fun of me.
But I have great hair.
You have good hair right now.
All right.
I'm not nervous.
Great job as a producer. You crushed it. Go Oilers. Love you. Yeah. You've heard it. Great job as a producer.
You crushed it.
Full Oilers.
Love you, gang.
Love you, boys. Just so good. I like to poke the bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch.
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
I think she needs a detox to cleanse her mind.
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again.
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell
She had a weapon, cheap shot Outro Music
