Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Catch the car! Please, please, please never do that. Yep. Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 505 of Spit and Chick.
Let's present to you by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam,
Bodega, here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family. Good morning, everyone.
If it's still morning to you, here we are.
Stanley Cup has started. Big game won last night.
Let's go around and say hi to the boys. We got a bunch of them today.
Paul Biznasty.
We'll go to you first. How's it going, buddy? How much did you enjoy the game last night?
It's going great. I actually
want to ask you, R.A., did you get some good
sleep this weekend? Like, last couple weekends
you've been rested and you've been buzzing on these
pods. So what was your weekend like?
Let's see. Friday
I went down to see my boy Rizzo down at the club
because I'm correctable. Quiet night, a couple
cocktails. Then last night, watched the game with my dad across
the way. Pretty relatively
lame weekend once again for your boy.
So you mentioned to us that you
smoked a, I think you said
a second intermission bone and your you said a second intermission bone,
and your dad took a second intermission edible.
That's just like a fatherly son moment.
No, you just pulled Leo into the bus.
No, me and my brother used to try to get Leo 30 years ago because he has bad arthritis
from all the years in the fight department.
Like, yeah, we're not trying to turn you into Cheech and Chong here.
Our uncle upstairs, God rest his soul, Uncle Paul,
he would, you know, me and Paul would share a bone on a case.
It helped him out.
And then when my stepmom was sick, she started using, you know,
cannabis edibles.
My dad used one and realized the efficiency of how good they work.
So, yeah, he likes the chocolates, third period,
so he can get a nice night's sleep.
I go out the back deck, have a little something between periods.
Imagine the McGonagall combos in the third period.
Oh, I love it.
Yeah, what do you guys normally talk about, you and your old man?
Anything under the sun.
Oh, yeah.
You'll see where I definitely trip off
the old block if you hear a couple of our conversations.
No doubt about that. Very similar.
It's like halfway through the third Edmonton game
on the line, he's like,
you ever see that new Godzilla movie?
I was going to tell him, but
he don't like Sub-Zero.
It's funny
too, because I won't tell him if I have certain action.
He gets more excited than I do, so I won't even
tell him what I bet until like it wins and I'll
give him a heads up. I don't think I have a hot attack
over kind of like the Derby yesterday for
everyone who doesn't know. I'm sorry. The Belmont yesterday.
What was the name of the horse?
Dornok.
Dornok.
Which is actually one of the top golf courses in the world.
Royal Dornok in Scotland.
I think it's Royal Dornok.
And Dornok wins.
And then all of a sudden we get a group text of R.A. with a winning ticket.
Merle writes back, thanks for the tip before the ring.
He was getting slaughtered, wasn't he?
Merle and all those guys. Yeah. When was getting slaughtered, wasn't he, Merles and all those guys?
Yeah.
When you say slaughtered, what do you mean?
How many units?
I have no idea.
I bet you Portnoy lost close to a half a million dollars.
Oh, my God.
That could be.
Dave definitely lost 150, 200 grand.
So our game four right now is up in the air.
There was rumors that Portnoy might come in.
I think he would be flying from Dallas because he would be at the NBA finals.
But he might have lost his money for his private plane.
Therefore, we don't now have a private plane to go back to Florida for game five.
So Chiklitzer.
So Chiklitzer.
He texted me tonight that I just lost the flight from Dallas to Edmonton on a fucking horse.
I go, you have unlimited money.
And he said, no, I don't.
You guys want to hear the flight I just sent in to travel to see if I could get on this bird.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Sunday night.
I fly.
I'm hoping to fly from Edmonton to Calgary.
Good old Canada.
Quick little hour jump.
Hang out there for a few hours.
Then I fly overnight from Calgary to Atlanta.
Land in Atlanta in the morning and then take another little popper over into Fort Lauderdale.
So I'll be there Monday around like noon or something.
So it's a grind.
Like Chiclets air is, is needed. But I don't know.
I can really understand private aviation
when I start hearing connecting flights like that.
I really get the fact that
all these rich people are just hopping
around on these planes like they're basically
No greater thing
with wealth.
Truly wealthy people. I'm not talking me.
I'm talking wealth.
Than private travel.
If you're going to try to say all the things truly wealthy, rich, rich people
have, I don't think anything sniffs.
Just hopping on a bird and going wherever you want without stopping in Pearson for 24
hours.
So I fly out to Edmonton on Tuesday.
I go, I go like Denver, like long layover.
I think it's Denver to Edmonton.
Not bad.
One stop.
But the layover's long.
And I could have got there like with way less hours through Pearson,
Boston to Pearson, Pearson to Edmonton.
I said no.
No.
I would walk out to Edmonton with these bird ankles before I went to Pearson.
Yeah, that's actually why we don't have Merles on the show right now.
He's trying to actually book Chicklets Air.
Now, we try to reinforce, don't book this with your personal credit card
because this could not only be fraud,
but the fact that you would have to individually sell these tickets.
Mind you, I trust the Game Notes chat,
so I think that you guys could fill that plane.
Little nugget, too, since we're talking about travel,
before the game, they actually
talked about like the travel that the Panthers had to deal with throughout playoffs. And then
of course, Edmonton, every single series that Edmonton played in, they had to travel to a
different time zone too. So I found that to be interesting. And I think that they overdid it on
like probably close to 5,000 kilometers of more travel throughout the first three rounds, among all the travel
throughout the course of the regular season
playing out in the West, too.
I thought Dallas was the same. Is Dallas
two hours behind Eastern Time Zone?
That's Edmonton.
No, maybe you're right.
They did say it on the broadcast,
so maybe they were wrong when they said that.
Well, they're way more dialed in than I am.
So I think Nashville is an hour off us and then dallas just clips a hair off of being in that two hour zone right is that right i don't know but either way i think no yeah dallas is
only one hour behind eastern time zone no shit okay so they Okay, so they were right. So they were right. Of course, the broadcast is right
and we're wrong.
Shocker.
Ryan Whitney.
How do I feel? Well, actually, first off,
I got to let everyone know, this show is
presented by Pink Whitney. Thank you so much
to everyone tuning in. Live show on a Sunday.
Every game, we got you recapped
and it's all because of Pink Whitney. Each episode
is presented by Pink Whitney.
Take your shot. New Amsterdam's own
flavored vodka. Down in Florida
it's ripping. Up in Edmonton I had
pictures galore being sent to me
of Pink Whitney shot skis, Pink Whitney
big bottles. Everyone's crushing
them at cookouts. Everyone's crushing them at the bars
for the Stanley Cup final. So thank you
so much to everyone getting involved. If you haven't
go give it a shot, local liquor store
or your local watering hole.
Grab a shot of Pink Whitney and take your shot.
So thank you so much.
And how do I feel?
For coming off a loss in game one on the road
in the Stanley Cup final,
I think I feel about as good as I could, Biz.
I know that sounds crazy,
and I'll get into maybe the scary negative side
of what happened last night.
But the positive side, I mean, everyone knows I'm a positive guy.
It's positive first.
It's sunshine and rainbows.
They played their balls off last night.
Edmonton had a great game.
Skinner had a good game.
He gave up two.
They lost 3-0, empty net goal.
He gave up two goals.
Not really anything he could do on either one of them.
Two breakdowns, two goals against, two, you know, one breakdown worse than the other.
That would be the second goal by Rodriguez.
The first one was a little bit of a cheating on the offensive side and the offensive zone by McDavid.
But other than that, I mean, I think it goes into what we said about Dallas, that Edmonton is fast, dude.
And I don't think that Florida is as fast as people thought or nearly as fast as Edmonton.
So in giving me hope that this is going to be a series, it's the way Edmonton played.
They controlled, I'd say, 80 of that game.
I know this sounds ridiculous, and I'm not an analytics guy,
but when it proves my point and makes me feel better, I'll throw them out in the mix.
I think there's a deserve a wind meter,
deserve a wind meter.
It was 99.5.
95.9.
It was,
I mean,
the deserve a wind meter.
Yeah,
that's what I'm leaning on.
The deserve a wind meter.
And,
and the goal,
the expected goals for another analytical fact that Pasha rings on about nonstop.
I think they were about 5.7 expected goals where Florida was around 1.8, 2.8.
You sound like Pasha right now, buddy.
Yeah.
You sound like Pasha.
Grambling.
And a loss is a loss.
And all these people coming at me on Twitter, you lost, though.
It doesn't matter.
You lost.
Yes, I understand.
But, buddy, they looked
awesome, and we got goalied.
I think we've just witnessed
one of the greatest goaltending performances
in a game in Stanley Cup Finals history.
Oldest
goaltender ever post a shutout game
one of the Stanley Cup Finals. Really?
How old is he?
He's going to be 36 in September.
Oh, yeah. Bob's been around a while yeah he's been
around a while i know you know what i actually should have known that because on the broadcast
biz i don't know if you're watching canada or es or abc uh they were sean mcdonald was talking
how he ran into boosh brian boucher yeah before the game who was the starter in philly when bob
came in and i guess boosh was going on like I kind of knew 10 minutes in,
oh, fuck, I'm in trouble here.
So that shows how long he's been in the league.
I didn't even put that together.
I think the last time a goalie had started the Stanley Cup finals
with a shutout was Roberto Luongo in 2011,
which is crazy because they won that game.
And then the stat before the game, I think it was Ron McLean who said it,
the winner of game one of the Stanley Cup Finals wins the series 75 of the time.
That's a pretty high number.
I thought that was like, I was like, what?
I didn't expect it to be that good.
The NBA is 70.
I thought the NBA would have been more.
And A, if there's a little bit of positive juju going back to your Oilers,
going back to 2011, it was a long go with the shutout.
Well, they ended up winning the first two games
and then went on to lose the series.
So I would agree with you, probably a do or die for the Oilers in game two,
just given the way that the Florida Panthers are built.
I was going to ask the group, too,
what did you guys make of the pregame festivities
and the fact that they brought out the cup and put it on the ice?
I don't know if they'd ever done that before, kind of dangle the carrot for the boys,
maybe get the juices flowing a little bit more.
And before you guys answer, I thought it was the perfect amount of buildup for days
before the Stanley Cup final started.
It wasn't too much.
I think one less day, Bez.
Friday night, I was ready. You were ready Bez. Friday night, I was ready.
You were ready?
Okay.
Friday night, I was like.
Which is probably good.
Because NBA was Thursday.
It's like, all right.
And Friday night, I'm like, wait, no, another night.
Yeah, but they want to tickle the ball bag a little bit.
Get the ball balls going.
That's what they're doing, baby.
And then they jangle the carrot with the cup there.
So did you guys love those pregame ceremonies?
I mean, it's good PR, I guess.
Sorry, but it's good PR. I mean,
yeah, I saw people, the cup should be in the building
until someone can win. It's like, settle down. It's a
PR component. Yeah, your algorithm.
I think it's good. Yeah, people see the cup.
It reminds them of what's at stake, whatever. I mean,
it's good PR. I don't see any negativity
of showing the cup at game one. I loved it.
Army. I loved it.
I was caught off guard when they did it i'm
like no way they're doing this i yeah i was caught i was like no way they're doing this in the sense
that i was like holy shit i put myself like in their head i'm like oh my god like and then evan
rodriguez after the game commented on it like i i didn't expect that we didn't know that was
going to happen i literally had shivers all over my body so i was like thinking can you imagine standing
there and and yes florida a lot of those guys did it last year where they were playing in the cup
final but for those emminton oiler guys that are like you know i've waited a long time a lot of a
lot of tough times and they get this moment and then they roll out this thing right at the start it's like holy shit holy shit but i i i felt this i felt the same as rodriguez in his comments i was
like oh my god can you believe it like standing there you're just about to drop the puck and
there's phil pritchard the keeper of the cup with the white gloves on, bringing out Lord Stanley. I would have shit myself.
I would have been like, I would have ran through.
And it was like about
Phil Pritchard, how long he's had the job, and all
of a sudden, the guy drops out
a laundry bag of white gloves.
He's saved every fucking pair of gloves
that he's presented the cup to. He's like,
this is 94. There's just like old
stains on the gloves. But it was pretty
cool leading up. As you said, Army, had no idea.
Even the players had no idea.
And, R.A., you mentioned that maybe some people reached out to you.
They didn't like it.
I would say the only people who have a legit gripe that maybe didn't like it are the players.
Because it's like, get that away from me.
I don't want to be near that thing yet.
I know what I'm playing for.
For fans, I thought it was incredible.
And it totally, like,
every fan that's watching it in the building,
like, there it is. It definitely gets
the excitement a little higher. So if
anyone was upset about it, players and coaches,
I can get down with. Fans, to see that
thing in the building, to know that this is the beginning.
And I don't think it'll be for game two
through, hopefully, seven or whatever.
I think just the first game, get it out
there, and boom, here we go, guys.
This is what it's all about.
I thought it was awesome, and I had no expectation of it either.
Just going back to the game for a minute, Biz,
I thought it was sort of like the inverse of game six versus Dallas,
you know, where Dallas got outshot, outplayed,
but it was basically the opposite of that.
It said, you know, Edmonton come out and let the shit end of it this time.
But Bob Brodsky, those breakaway saves, I think think he had five of them it seemed like they always were going
on to his left pad instead of trying to go upstairs on him did you catch that yeah so uh
of course i mean the story of the game ra it was bob and i think that connor even said it after the
game it's like that's almost the hockey gods kind of giving us giving one back for their game six
against the Dallas Stars.
But going back to what you said, I mean, I guess roll it if you want here.
Do you feel like with the scoring that this team has, the power play that this team has,
that getting goalied one game doesn't have to lead to more?
This team has enough that that just can't last?
You know, maybe it was the hockey gods getting us
back for that game six
where we probably didn't deserve to win.
Tonight, maybe we deserved
at least
one goal or maybe two goals
and we don't find a way to get them.
I know this group will stick
with it, bounce back.
That's what we take a lot of pride in doing.
We'll gear up for a big one on Monday.
Biz.
Wait, a couple things.
Did you say?
A couple things.
Are you talking?
Are you going to bring up the band-aid, Jim?
The goddamn band-aid.
The band-aid that he put on.
The beard-aid.
The beard-aid.
One, I don't think it was doing much.
As I said in the group chat, I think I would rather bleed to death
than have had that thing hanging on my chin the whole game.
I said, this is a horrible look, Fiz goes.
I'd rather bleed to death than have that bandaid.
When Fiz put that, I burst out laughing on the couch by myself.
I was dying.
Tell my family I love them.
No, no, not the bandaid.
Tell my family I love them.
This bandaid will save you. No, no, not the band-aid. Tell my family I love them. This band-aid
will save you. No, no, no.
I don't want the band-aid.
Hey, the beard is so big.
Just amputate my head.
It's like a band-aid
that was just on a couple whiskers.
It was like an old cage that you wear
in minor hockey that's this far
away. It looked like a diaper.
It looked like a face diaper.
And the band-aid sort of matched
the color of his beard, but it's like...
So you're the orders guy, Whit.
Speaking of McDavid, and R.A., we'll
go back to your question about
getting goalied and going into game
one, but before game one, he rolls
in with the exact same suit as he did
games four, games five, and games
six of the last round.
Does he continue the superstition much like Sid,
or does he shift away from it now that they have this first game loss
and they didn't score?
What are they doing with the suit?
I think you have to go new suit.
I think you rock something like that until you win a game.
Sorry, until you lose a game.
And then you go to a new one.
And then if you win, you stay with the new sorry so you lose a game and then you go to a new one and then if you win you stay
with the new one till you lose and if you lose you go back to to old faithful so i think he's
got two suits the rest of this series he's got a new suit game two hopefully win game two he's got
it for game three hopefully they win game three and anytime they lose they go back and now maybe
if they lose with this new suit and he goes back to the old suit game three and they lose, they go back. And now maybe if they lose with this new suit and he goes back to the old
suit game three and they lose again, then you go to a
third suit. But at that point, they could be down
three-nothing and the thing's over.
Now, the funny thing about that little suit.
They played well with that suit.
Stanley Cup final suit. You need a
Stanley Cup final suit.
He's not going to be like Witt doing the analytics
like in the locker room post-game.
He's going to be like, we lost. They in the locker room post game that's going to be
like we lost they need a new suit but back to that little press conference i don't know like
there was enough that was spec who asked him that question spec asked him another question like i'm
gonna mess up the wording something along the lines of like can you play better and not win
like is it possible to play better than that and not win something like that was confusing
and connor's like what can i he repeated he's like can we play better and not win and he's like
yeah speck's like it's a little confusing he's like you're gonna have to give me a couple minutes
with that one it was just everyone reads speck though everyone reads speck so i think that the
disgust from him was more about like holy shit shit, we played great. And we just got this goaltender who, yes, on the breakaways are a they're going low.
Apparently, before the series, it was made clear to the entire team like low.
You don't beat him.
Biz compared him to 2012 Jonathan Quick down low, covered everything on the ice.
You ain't scoring even a little bit off the ice.
You're not scoring.
You got to go upstairs.
Bob is now doing the exact same thing. Here's the problem though. A bunch of those, like the, the on Mark, the Yanmark breakaway, um, the Henrik breakaway, like great
back pressure. So it's not as easy as it sounds to get it up. Like you got a guy thrown his stick
at it. You have to do your best. I think they they're trying to it's just last minute there's a guy right there i don't think they were like grade a great like they were really good
chances for sure but to your point with the pestering like they were just trying to get
shots off in that moment even though they were seem to be probably the best one that
and boys yeah the reason that i compare it to 2012 2012 Jonathan Quick is not only based on the style of play and how low Bobrovsky is and how good his skating is and his edge work to where anytime the puck is moving around the paint, he's fucking dead in front of it.
Like he's never not right on it.
And he's so up close and challenging it where it is even hard to find room upstairs because it might look like there's room, but how close he is to the puck, like the angle.
Over top of it.
That's what Hank talked about.
He's basically over top of it.
And on top of that, kind of what you just said, Army,
is their D are so good at tying up and or closing quick
when they are getting in those areas.
So you're forced to make the shot faster than maybe that you want.
And then rarely are you getting those secondary opportunities
i want to say it was in the second period when they had that power play where the puck ended up
popping down to hyman's feet where it looked like he had a wide open net and he but he he got his
stick tied up so yeah you do have to credit this back end for the florida panthers who are much
like the back end in 2012 that jonathan quick, where they are just good in that blue paint.
They tie you up well, they out-muscle you,
and they don't allow for those second and third chances.
So I guess my point would be if you are going to get that one crack,
try to go upstairs and fight even harder to get those second and third opportunities.
Hey, listen, Edmonton is fast. They do have that speed.
They also do have a bit of size.
They got to start using that to their advantage to try to get more inside to
win those battles.
So I thought,
and you mentioned Henrique is one of those guys with the breakaway.
I thought he had a tremendous game.
I love the fact that they didn't call that hit early on all of Reckman
Larson.
I thought they would have completely thrown the game off.
If you're going to call that type of shit,
it's going to make for a long fucking series.
Let the boys figure it out themselves.
So he was skating well.
He looked a little bit faster than he had even during towards the end.
How much did the days off help him, you think?
Yeah.
That's a big  that's an injury where you're like, five days, this is huge.
I was hoping it was going to help Evander Kane a little bit more,
but other than that, him going after Bennett with that one hit,
I thought he was maybe a little bit quiet again.
So, Armie, I don't know if you...
Did you see the clip of him hitting Kachuk going to the bench?
Oh, yeah. He's trying to mix it up a little bit.
It looked like Kachuk took a little bit of a dive.
He grabbed his face and went down, and then Kane's looking around.
Kane actually made a great play coming out of the zone at one point.
I forget who he passed it to.
They got a decent little chance off it.
But in terms of the breakaways and, like, going low,
then they did try going higher.
Nuge missed the net once with kind of an open net.
It looked like Bob should get a cartwheel.
Did that not hit Bob when he did that?
Did that miss?
It missed.
Oh, it did miss?
It did miss the net.
Okay.
Bob's unreal.
Bob's unreal. Oh, my God. Yeah, yeah biz what you're saying is that he gets so close that even if you are going to go over his pad
it's going to go over the net because the angle is like there's no room to get over his pad and
still hit the top of the net when you're in you can you can see why the numbers are what they are
with him though and watching him like when he goes down like i just picture you know for example let's just say carrie price who i and i played a year with but he he
stays up really big like his shoulders stay up when he goes down like he's very but he'll he'll
get out on top of it too with his gloves and his hands where he'll push out on that angle
to to cut down anything up up top when bob down though, like that's why the numbers,
when they showed that shot chart of him where he's getting beat, he's,
he's like a slinky. Like he really, he,
he goes really really low with his shoulders, like in his body,
but it is out outwards to your point biz.
So he is susceptible there, but it's Florida's D's doing that good of a job at limiting pretty good chances and then making it difficult on them in certain areas where Bob can be good.
So another thing too, Hank broke down was the fact that, you know, the paddle part of the goalie stick, his is lower and it's got this like weird, almost like different handle on it.
Cause he, cause he likes to attack with his blocker too.
So he, that's why he's so low as he's crouched over.
He actually has gear and his stick is closer to the ice for that reason.
So I know we've talked a lot about Bob since we're on the Florida topic.
I don't know if you had anything else more on Bob army.
No, I, I, uh, I thought he made an unreal save.
I think it was on Bouchard.
It was through traffic and he got it. He just, to your point with that blocker,
whatever the camera angle they showed us on the replay,
I was like, wow, that was a bigger blocker save than I thought
to see it from that angle.
I want to ask you guys a question about this.
I saw a tweet yesterday, and it brings up a pretty good point
just about the Oilers again.
If we can go there, or do you want to stay on Florida?
Go ahead, and then we'll go back to the first.
Austin Hockey, at A Hockey 1993.
After three straight wins over Dallas,
Chris Knobloch decides to reinsert Fogle into the lineup,
put Nurse and CeCe back together,
and then load up McDavid and Dreisaitl in the third period
to completely nullify his other three forward lines.
What do you say about that?
Well,
I think he comments,
you can tell he's a rookie NHL coach.
That's his comment.
But first of all,
I don't mind them in the third period,
putting those guys together to try to get a goal.
They always do that.
Yeah.
At that point,
uh,
the,
the CC and nurse thing.
Yeah.
A little bit weird.
My understanding is they put Fogle back in because they were uncertain about Kane's health.
So they still wanted that size in the lineup and speed, of course, because I thought he
played well.
I thought he played great.
I thought he was a great insertion.
So I don't look too much into that.
Obviously we're going to get into Cody CC and nurse being back together.
And I was asked on the panel about who I predicted in the series,
and I said that I felt like the bottom pairing for the Edmonton Oilers
was going to probably hurt them the most.
People would maybe view Broberg and is it  what's the other guy's name?
I'm drawing a blank on.
They got in there.
Kulak.
Kulak.
But when Cody, CeCe, and Darnell Nurse are playing the way they're playing,
they're easily the bottom pairing, and they are an anchor to this team.
The first goal,
I don't really want to blame just them for it.
Cause we can break it down.
I thought there were three breakdowns,
make David in the ozone,
maybe not playing the three on two,
the best.
And I thought that Skinner probably could have started a slide a little
earlier,
given Barkov was on his backhand,
but that fucking second goal wit that is
just getting beat to the puck on the forecheck Cody Cece go stick on puck put it back in the
corner live to fight another day the fact that Bennett does get the stick on it and the center
clear Darnell Nurse is just straight legged there and his sticks not on the ice and it you you you
have to be so mentally
dialed in every fucking second you're out there because every second matters so much in the
Stanley Cup final that to me way too easy and a massive brain fart allowing that to get to Rodriguez
that is a gimme they had the game in full control at that moment I don't even care if they were down
one nothing with yeah so. So just to,
just to kind of go back to get there, we'll get into that second goal. The first shift of the
game, Bob kind of whiffs on that, or maybe David knocked it out of his stick and you're like,
oh my God, Hyman right in front. Like who knows what happens if that goes in? Doesn't matter.
Didn't go in, but right there, you're like, all right. And then that first shift, I think it was
till like 1850 left in the first, they dominated. flying around it was mcdavid's line he looked
great great chances like all right what a start and they kept it going and it was completely fine
then you get to four minutes in and what happens it looked like mcdavid cheated a little cheat
maybe not the right word almost thinking ekblad was going to lose the puck. Instead of saying above his man as the high guy,
he just takes that one little step in.
Ekblad made a great pass. He did.
Yeah, he did. And you see what happens.
I think when Barkov gets
it, McDavid tight turns, and
most of the time you see, alright, I'm going to catch
him, buddy. You saw there, Barkov.
Oh, yeah. You saw his skating
ability and how big he looks, and you don't
see McDavid gaining ground. You're like, oh, boy. Now, to skating ability and how big he looks, and you don't see McDavid gaining ground.
You're like, oh, boy.
Now, to nurse and CeCe, maybe this is the defenseman in me.
I really cannot blame them for that goal
because sometimes you got to tip your cap,
and that is the perfect three-on-two.
Barkov over to Reinhardt.
You got to go over a little bit as your nurse.
Perfect sauce pass through him.
Okay, that's fine.
CeCe goes over to Barkov.
And what does he do?
Backhand snaps it across.
It's three on two.
You got an extra guy.
And when you have three amazing players,
that's what happens when it works out to perfection.
And it did.
I agree, Biz, because Barkov wasn't scoring from where he was.
So if Skinner gets over a little bit quick,
but I also think it almost helped Verhege that he whiffed on it a little bit.
Just found a hole, though.
Yeah.
He just found a hole.
He didn't get a full wood on that, and it just kind of snuck through.
That's just in the
Yeah, so talking to a few of the experts,
they said basically by the time that puck got there,
he should have been hitting him right in the chest based on how he was challenging.
But I think if he got full wood on it, it would have hit him in the chest.
You know what I mean?
A hundred percent.
It was a whiff and it seemed to find that six hole on him.
And since we're already there, and I know that there's probably Florida Panthers fans not only in the chat, but who are watching this right now, like double barrel.
What do you want?
You want to touch on something, Armie?
Well, first of all, perfectly executed play,
to your point on that first goal.
You know, Barkov slides over behind Nurse like perfectly,
so CeCe has to travel that extra five feet probably.
Well, but some people would argue in that situation
maybe just stay inside the dots.
Play it like a two-on-one.
Yeah, nurse gets outside.
So there is opinion on that, but go ahead.
So caught in between and executing and all that stuff.
It was executed perfectly, really, in that situation for the Panthers.
I got another stat for you.
This is a stat I wanted to give.
This is a stat I have here from Sportsnet stats. Am I going to like this stat
or hate this stat? You won't like this stat.
It's a weird stat. I don't get it.
Stuart Skinner allows
a goal on his first shot on
goal faced for the 11th
time this season. 11 times.
7 in the regular season.
4 in the playoffs.
4.
Do you have numbers on anybody else? Is he leader in the playoffs. Four. Why? Do you have numbers on anybody else?
Like, is he leader in the clubhouse so far?
I don't have that stat.
I didn't dig deep.
I didn't go under the hood.
That's some big saves, dude.
He made that huge save at the end of the second period,
I think, on Reinhardt.
He got two good chances, executed one, found a hole, first shot on goal.
But, okay.
Second one, Nursey just sleeping a bit.
CeCe gets kind of beat to a pocket.
Should not have got out front.
It shouldn't have got there.
Surprised everybody.
And they buried.
That was a good chance on goal, though.
That was maybe the best chance where he was free to bomb that one.
No one else had a chance with a bomb like that in front, really, like that.
But which one?
The Rodriguez goal.
No, exactly.
It seemed like two mistakes, two goals.
But so forget that.
So they go down 1-0.
All right, you know what?
Like I said, tip your cap.
Awesome three on two.
McDavid's got to stay a little higher.
Our game's fine. It's 1 little higher. Our game's fine.
It's 1-0.
Our game's fine.
Then they continued to dominate.
The response to the goal against was awesome.
And before I forget, because Panthers fans are all over us, Oilers bias.
I'm the only Oilers bias here.
Sam Bennett, Jesus Christ.
I think he had 10 hits with like eight minutes to go in the game.
He was just a force out there.
Even that sneaky little hit on McDavid on the offside.
So Sam Bennett deserves flowers.
What a beast.
Gets to him for the second goal.
So we had a great response to the first goal.
Down one up.
That's right.
We're going.
We're going.
We're going.
All right.
Well, we're going to get to that next period.
And I love the start to the second.
Now what happens?
Bennett chips the puck in, okay?
Now, as a defenseman, it's understandable that with his speed
and CeCe having to pivot, he might beat you to the puck, okay?
That's where all CeCe has to do is stick on puck.
He might get there first, but he's not getting it in front.
If he takes it around, okay, I'll try to recover, but stick is right on that puck. He might get there first, but he's not getting it in front. If he takes it around, okay, I'll try to recover,
but stick is right on that puck.
He went in, he got beat to it, and then
I don't know where his stick was, where Bennett makes this
beautiful just like pass in front.
At this point, okay, that's going right
to Nurse, guys. Nurse was in a
bad position.
That's what I was saying. He wasn't even in a bad position,
but he's standing there
sticking the air.
That just makes zero sense.
Casual.
Casual.
And all of a sudden, it's like this puck where Bennett's making a good play
to get it in front.
He sees Rodriguez.
He's probably thinking, all right, well, this is going to go to Nurse,
but you never know.
Well, the you never know happened because Nurse is standing there,
and he's just puck watching, and he's puck watching without his stick on the ice.
That thing, it sticks on the ice.
It could easily hit it.
Boom, it gets right by him.
So after not having a beef with Nurse and CeCe on the first one,
even though when they were back together for the game, I'm like,
why are they doing this?
Now you're like, okay, now it's 2-0, and this one is directly on them.
That one was directly on them because both breakdowns were just lack of
concentration.
Lack of,
as biz said,
realizing that every moment of these games could be make or break Stanley
cup,
raising like way weights.
No,
you nailed it.
Like way too Lazzard days of coal.
And,
and as a coach that would infuriate me,
that would drive me nuts.
That's something that on that Calder Cup team
that I always talk about in Manchester,
that is something that Mike Stothers beat repeatedly
into the defenseman's head throughout the first,
over the course of like the first three quarters of the season
to where these guys knew to do that type of stuff in their sleep.
Have your stick on the ice in the D zone.
There's no point in having it lateral at your waist.
And considering, like you said, maybe Florida fans are a little frustrated
about the lack of attention to their team.
Listen, Edmonton was the better team in game one,
but we do have to stroke off a few guys.
And we've mentioned Barkov time and time again on this podcast.
I will go as far as saying he is the best overall forward in the
world right now.
Overall, all things considered as far as offense, the way that he plays defensively, the way
that he could play special teams, his leadership qualities.
This is the best overall forward in the world.
Did you guys see on Leon?
Did you see the play on Leon Dreisaitl on the penalty kill?
Leon would look shocked.
Like, nobody's done that to me.
Bro, Leon had time and space away from him.
He had it protected from the puck.
And Barkov's ability to close on him, take away the left side,
and then all of a sudden Dreisaitl tries to shift to the right.
Nope.
He closes that, closes that, and then just pushes him out of the zone and boom,
time to kill the penalty and we're off the ice.
He was like Neo in the Matrix, you know, when
they're fighting and they're like,
and it's like, but it's like he
got on him. Then he gave him like
three whacks on the, on the arm,
kind of like whack, whack, whack, and then lift, stick
lift and then quickly close. Like he, his
stick was in eight different places in one
second. he was like
that uh fucking mutant it was like that fruit slicer game you play it on your iPad
he is so much the fruit you get four in a row it's like yeah oh he's getting four
fruit ninja out there with a stick in that play but that's why he's so good body positioning size
smarts angling stick and ability to like so fast he is so fast too that's what's crazy to me
and going back to that first one like like i we kind of passed the blame around a little bit to
like not only mcdavid to the three on two and then maybe to Skinner but like to me it's got to be a learning lesson for McDavid if he is playing against him I don't know why McDavid decides to cheat there
in the ozone do you think that he's trying to pounce on Ekblad because he thinks he's off balance
and and he can get that puck or he's bobbling it because the minute that he cheats and gets off of
Barkov's hip and tries to go cheat on that, Ekblad does a great job.
He beats two guys with the one pass.
Barkov picks that up, and he's gone.
He is gone.
He is the one guy in the world that's not only going to beat you defensively,
but take that puck, go the full length, execute the backhand sauce over to Reinhardt,
take it back, and then deliver it to fucking Verswagi backdoor.
You can't fuck around.
You said the funniest fuck around the group chat
you said if you cheat against barkov he'll take your soul he's killed every fucking time so he
mcdavid's gonna have to learn how to not cheat and and we've seen it a few times throughout these
playoffs and i've talked to you know great offensive players i talked to wayne about it and
you know when you're an offensive minded player like mcdavid like your your brain automatically goes there like you're smelling blood all the time right or do
sharks smell it or they or they see it smell it they smell it do they taste it smell it he's
smelling it seeing it he's doing all of it right you can't you you just simply can't really do that
against guys like barkov and it'sov. It's kind of crept into
McDavid's game where I think he has to
realize that, especially this
round, you're playing against a guy
that you've never really had to go
against for a seven-game series.
I don't think that Connor McDavid has
ever played a beast
like Sasha Barkov where he's going to
have to go head-to-head. Because he didn't play
Kopitar in Kopitar's heyday.
He's played Kopitar three years in a row,
but it wasn't 2012 and 2014 Kopitar.
No.
And I think that's a very good comparison.
They look exactly the same.
Crazy.
So, this is not to say every single guy in this series
wants this more than you can imagine. They want it more than any fan. This is their to say every single guy in this series wants this more than you can imagine.
They want it more than any fan.
This is their lifelong dreams.
This is all they've thought about as kids.
Everyone wants it.
There's got to be an aspect, though, of McDavid being a 10-year-old prodigy that's been discussed for, what, 20 years now almost as the next greatest player in the history of this sport.
as the next greatest player in the history of this sport.
And knowing that like,
I am never going to live up to what I want and what everyone thinks until I get my Stanley cup.
You could tell last night he had one rush where he tried going end to end
at the end of the power play,
got nothing accomplished.
He jumped in there on the first goal against like,
he wants this fucking thing so bad where you got to take a step back.
And this is way easier said than done.
We're pigeons on here
talking about this series but wanting it that much can almost be a detriment to the final goal
of actually accomplishing this you know what i'm saying like oh you nailed it like you're you're
just you're just so fucking antsy and you you can't win it in game one it's like it's hard to
kind of describe what i'm trying to say no no i think you're
you're you're bang on because actually the first two power plays i thought they were great on the
power i thought their power plays i thought they did a good job of generating momentum but you saw
at the end of the first two power plays he tried those individual efforts and both times he did
not succeed like a minute and 50 seconds into it too. That was like right at the end where he was trying to give her like,
like as Tarion would say, my turn.
Oh, look at him.
Here we go.
Power play.
My turn.
I'm going to do it all.
My turn.
But I did like how he had that look in his eye on that one rush where he did
take it wide, where he wasn't looking past first.
I think he needs to be a little
bit more selfish and taking the
puck to the blue paint where he's looking
at that shot first mentality.
Yeah, he beat Ekblad.
You give him a little hitch on
Ekblad, yeah. And then sure
as shit at the last minute, I think Montour
took it to the house though.
So he couldn't cut in front of
the whole net. It's the second effort by the Panthers.
And that goes in biz.
I like the power plays.
I actually thought they snapped it around great,
but I got to give Florida credit in that.
It looked like they were like, all right,
we're going to pack the house.
We understand they're going to snap it around,
but so many Edmonton power play goals come off rebounds and chances.
And from there, they go to a guy who
does a quick bang bang play like right around the crease that's how they score a lot of goals
madness and chaos off the rebounds I think they said all right we're just packing it in down low
we're going to try to block every shot that we can which they did and we're not going to allow
a rebound to then be like a bang bang play because we're all back here in the house so you saw
Edmonton get chances but they didn't get like many second chances on those power it looked uh it looked like a new look too
where where edmonton had made adjustments coming in where leon kind of went up top to that left
point as opposed to being in that one-timer position near the goal line why do they force
it when it gets up to bouchard on the power play? You've got, who is it on the far side?
And they never want to go to the weak side.
They never want to go.
He doesn't want to ever go to Nuge.
He rams it back down, and they're closing off that strong side wall.
They did it one time, Army, and Nuge came down and got a pretty good chance.
Yeah.
They dished it to Hyman, I think, down low.
I know what you're saying, though, where they overload that side
and just release it over to Nuge.
And you know what they did awesome to Florida,
which I don't know if I've seen another team really do it
to the precision that they did on their penalty kill.
Leon gets it on the half wall.
Connor set up down low by the net.
Leon does that slinky little thing where he kind of walks in at that D-man,
and then he gives it to Connor, picks that D that D man going through while the Florida Panthers,
the net front D was standing there loose.
And as soon as he touched it down to Connor, that's where like McDavid would get it.
And then walk as, as Leon pushes that D man back, that's where now he gets around the
horn going and he, and he starts causing problems.
That D man in front of the net for Florida, bam, was right on him.
And that play where he gets the tornado going,
he couldn't get it going.
He was pounced on right away.
They had a great answer to that.
At one point, Leon did it, went to the net.
They jumped McDavid.
He did a given goal.
It was a sick given goal.
I remember Leon had a great chance.
So they kind of looked at what was happening.
They're going to have to get in the lab. There was a lot of back and forth on the on the special teams yeah edmonton
edmonton's kill by the way i think it's now 30 in a row 30 yep 30 straight so that's a good sign
two more for a record what i thought 38 was the record i thought 30 32 was the record 33
regular season maybe or is it 30? I thought 32.
Jazz will have it.
Jazz in the chat.
He's got to be in the chat.
Get to work, Jazz.
If I'm going to get to the scary part of this as an Oilers fan,
you play great.
That's awesome.
You have a lot of good things that you can build on.
That's all great.
Now, I don't think the Panthers are going to play like that again.
I don't think the Panthers are going to play like that again.
That's probably 12 forward, 6 D, the weakest that they can play,
and they still won.
So now you're looking at it like, all right, well,
we just got not a great effort from that team. The goaltender was out of his mind, but the rest of the team wasn't really there,
and you know they're going to respond and be better in the next game.
You just got to hope Bobrovsky can't do that again.
Like there's a chance he drops back a little.
It's only natural.
You can't be Jesus two games in a row, I don't think.
But the rest of the lineup is going to step up.
One of those pieces being Kachuk.
I thought he was quiet.
Yep.
And that's not going to stay.
That's not going to be the case for this series either.
So now you look at it like the Oilers are going to have to maintain their level
and hope that Bobrovsky slows down because the Panthers are coming,
and they're going to be coming way better than they were last night.
Chuck's ice type.
I'm sorry.
I mean, 1357.
I think it was like seventh among forwards.
I don't know if Maurice was holding back on what was happening.
I think he doesn't have great foot speed, though.
He's good in areas that he's really good at and like he gets around he throws a couple bee sting hits there's no question like he's him and bennett together are
a problem but i i think the oilers are fast man like this is a fast i agree with you because like
if you look at the opponents that they've had so far in playoffs for florida like boston's not known for their speed i would say that tampa it
would uh probably maybe the fastest of all the teams that they've faced but still not like a
team that you look i mean they're towards the back half with their core group right there they're on
the back nine and then even in that conference finals like the rangers aren't really known for
their speed either.
So they're definitely meeting a new beast in the Edmonton Oilers.
So going back to what your philosophy is with
and the fact that you can't see another egg laid by the Panthers
as far as their overall play, much like we saw in game one,
maybe this speed is something that becomes overwhelming for them
and who knows, right?
That's what I'm hoping for.
Yeah.
Ultimately, though, I agree with you.
I think that we're going to see the team that we saw at least in the third period
where they put the Anaconda chokehold.
So getting that first goal and getting the lead for Edmonton
is going to be massive, massive in game two.
The only other guys I had written down was Carter Verswaggy.
And, I mean, another game winner.
I don't know what you have as far as stats on his clutchness.
I know that he's had a shit ton of game winners, overtime winners.
Like, do you have any numbers on that, R.A.?
And if not, we could put Jazz back to work in the group chat.
Yeah, get Jazz back to work.
I did pull up, Ben ended up with 11 hits.
I knew you mentioned that.
11 hits. The next guy was Rico on Ed ended up with 11 hits. I knew you mentioned that. 11 hits.
The next guy was Rico on Edmonton with seven hits total, 57-32 Florida there.
Also, this is the first ever Stanley Cup final lead that Florida's ever had in franchise history.
Just a little tidbit for you.
I'll look up that for Swaggy stuff.
First what, sorry?
The first, this first Stanley Cup final lead ever for a series lead.
They're up one game.
Oh, okay, cool.
Good to know.
Yeah.
A little something for you there.
They get swept in 96 and then lost five last.
Yeah, lost three.
Coming in.
Yeah, lost three.
And then they won that game four.
And then it was back to Vegas for the biggest lock of the century.
I'm going to give you guys this.
I just looked it up.
Ferhegi has three game winners a couple years ago in the playoffs with Florida.
He had four game-winning goals last playoffs, and right now he's got three.
And I know one of them was OT winner.
I think it was against Tampa, right, early in the playoffs.
He has more than one.
He's got a couple OT winners, if not more.
A couple OTs?
Yeah.
He had game seven against Boston last year.
He buried Boston.
Yeah.
So he just  and what's crazy is, I don't know,
Tampa, it's hard to complain.
Like, Tampa had that guy.
Maybe they didn't see this.
Maybe they were just  they had so many guys.
Go to the Leafs.
I think it's different like he was younger
with the Leafs like Tampa I mean
this was this wasn't that long ago right
was he there in the bubble
he was there
shout out to him though he gets his chance
makes the most of it I think playing with
Barkov is an enormous part of this
but yeah speed of
Edmonton and there are definitely people out there.
You're talking about the Oilers a lot.
Like the Oilers were the better team.
The Panthers are unreal.
And like we said, they're going to respond.
But last night they had two breakdowns.
They took advantage of both and they had their goalie steal a win.
That's how it's supposed to be done.
When you win the Stanley cup,
not every night is your entire roster going to be going.
You've got to have guys save you here and there, most importantly the goalie.
Last night, there's more things to talk about on Edmonton's game.
Florida will be better.
Absolutely.
And game two, of course, Monday night.
And we are going to be doing another live stream.
So everybody make sure you join in.
Watch the game along with us and our goofy commentary.
And also, we are going to Edmonton.
We're going to be going up this week for games three and four.
Thursday, June 13th from 3 to 5, we are going to be at the Canadian Ice House
right next to Rogers Place, the Moss Pit.
A little meet and greet.
So come by before game three.
Up at Edmonton is going to be electric atmosphere.
So, boys, I think it's about time we got to send it over to our friends
in the advertising community right now.
All right, gang, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends over at Game Time.
What's up, everybody?
Did you know you can see Hootie and the Blowfish at Fenway
for under 100 this summer?
Unbelievable deal there in a few weeks, man.
70 to go see Hootie.
Only want to be with you, hold your hand.
All those great tunes I saw down in Carolina last year.
Still puts on an awesome show.
Of course, if you're going to go, you're going to use Game Time.
That's right.
Thanks to Game Time, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You don't have to worry when
you buy tickets to your next big event because GameTime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets
to all the sports, music, comedy, and theater events and whatever else might be going on near
you. They got flash deals for sudden discounts, zone deals for when you're feeling a little
flexible, and that lowest price guarantee, which means that if you can find the same seats for less
anywhere else, GameTime will credit you 110 of the difference. GameTime is the best place for
last-minute seats with up to 60 off your favorite events. What are you waiting for?
Gonna buy those hootie tickets right about now? Jump all over that? So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account,
and use code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download the GameTime app today.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
All right, boys.
We've had quite a share of viral moments so far.
These playoffs, no doubt.
Bobrovsky saved a couple rounds ago, the McDavid goal.
But I think the biggest one might have been off the ice.
Clips gone viral.
People have been talking about it all weekend.
And we were able to track this person down, believe it or not.
The most mysterious woman in hockey.
The whole world's been looking for her.
And we are going to bring it to you right now from Spittin' Chicklets.
Our friend at Edmonton.
Gee, why don't you bring Kate on for us? Get the fuck out of here.
You gotta be kidding me. Let's go.
We found her? We got her,
buddy. Coolest, biggest fucking scoop out there.
What's up, girl? How we doing?
Oh, good. How are you guys?
Good. Come on. I know they lost last night, but you
gotta show them. How nervous are you right now?
Those are big sunglasses.
Jose Cancelo. Still trying to be in the Witness Relocation program a little bit here. How nervous are you right now? Those are big sunglasses.
Still trying to be in the witness relocation program a little bit here.
Are you dating R.A.? No.
God, no.
God, no.
He might not even be real for all I know.
R.A. is 100 real.
We were worried about you.
R.A. is 100 real.
We were worried about you.
If you are single, what about tickets to an Edmonton Oilers game?
We could put you in a box, maybe game four.
Definitely dinner with R.A., but of course, it being you have to get engaged to him and we'll do maybe the wedding out by the Moss Pit.
Should we get him married by the Moss Pit, Woody?
What do you think?
I got to do some legal stuff for us before I get married again.
Is it a wedding official?
I'm not into polygamy over here.
Oh, boy.
So we need to hear.
You're at the game.
All of a sudden, the tits are coming out.
Did anyone tell you to do it, or was that just a feeling of emotion
as the Oilers scored?
You know what?
I don't know.
uh you know what i don't know the uh the handful of cheesies i ate all day and the eight trulies i drank in the first period uh it was definitely inspiring
i'm gonna be honest you don't look exactly like the girl in the video like i said the same thing
i i i'm i'm getting like getting cat't know if we're getting catfished here
I'm getting catfish vibes right now
RA are you sure this is the same woman
yeah I bet
I bet a million dollars
if this is the most elaborate
best catfish ever
I don't know what the end game would be
there she is
I see it a little bit
I was going to say
there might be
one other way
to prove it
suck on that
I'm not saying that
so now I guess
let's go back
to when you
your viral moment
what made you
whip out your tits
was it a goal
was it even at
a live game
from my understanding
it might have been
a viewing party
yeah no
it was at a live game
okay
gosh
because at a viewing party what would you do at a game yeah yeah that'd be no, it was at a live game. Gosh, because at a viewing party, what would you do at a game?
Yeah.
Yeah, that'd be scary. No, it was definitely
at the game. I don't know. We were
just all like
going crazy.
It wasn't like
planned or anything and yeah,
it just kind of happened.
And you had your wits about you
obviously. I mean, you had the little smile after,
which I thought was like pretty, pretty cute.
Kind of like gave a little smile thing.
In other words, what if you were like sloshed,
fall out over people and be like, Oh, that's tough.
But I think the fact that I had you through a smile at the camera after
it was kind of like, okay, you know,
you had your wits about you and you did it on your own volition.
And I think that made it kind of fun and maybe a little dash wholesome too.
If you could say that word.
Yeah, maybe.
I don't know.
It's been, it's been a long couple yo what's it been like first
see it going viral like do you know who posted it was it one of your friends was it a random
account like you must have it was like that night and i was on twitter and it was some
jerry maybe i don't know i can't even remember now. And I got it removed. I reported it. And I was like, okay, it's gone.
We dealt with this.
And then Friday night, it came back with a vengeance.
So it wasn't someone you were with that posted it?
It was just like someone caught that by chance?
No, it was not someone I was with.
Wow.
Yeah.
Are you sure this is her?
I don't know.
I'm still questioning it now.
Are they real?
I think that's one other question that a lot of people had.
Is that a rude question to ask?
No, they are not real.
Okay.
And from my understanding, you work at the rigs up north and that's why you had bad service originally with RA?
Yeah, I do work in the oil field.
Okay, cool. Fort Mac. at your work now aware that that you're the person that's gone viral? And this has all happened? Are these
guys like off the grid have no idea what's what's going on? People definitely know.
There's internet up here. Okay, because it's not very common for a lot of women to work up at the oil fields, right? It's a very low...
There's like a decent amount. I wouldn't say like it's super crazy popular, but yeah, there's girls out there. I've only had one actual person. He called me the tit talk girl, but...
Tit talk. i like that yeah like only people who i've actually
known have like actively asked about it only one one person has said something do you take pride
are you happy that a lot of people are saying you could lead edmonton to the cup like it's almost
like this seems like something that edmonton could really grab a hold of, no pun intended, and ride all the way till they lift Lord Stanley.
Honestly, last night when they lost the game, I was like going to get in my truck and just
like drive to the bush and like build a little shack out of fucking sticks and live in it
after seeing everyone was like, ah, we need her.
And I was like, I don't understand how they need me,
but I can't be this person.
I know.
But apparently I made myself this person,
and now I don't know what to do about it.
If you had the opportunity to go into their locker room on the road game two
in order to get the boys hyped up, who would you say something to,
and how would you address the team?
Oh, God.
I am in, in like no position
to be motivationally speaking to anybody like i don't know did they like tequila shots like
that could get them a little bit looser i felt that they were a little tight gripping their sticks
and i think a little bit of tequila and tits would definitely loosen them up in order to score some
goals going upstairs on bobrovsky uh now who is your favorite Edmonton Oiler like do you how long have you been a fan of
the team do you have guys in the past that you love or who are your favorite current players
well are you an only child uh no I have a sister Natalie okay well did your mom pick a favorite? Good point.
Yeah, I mean, I think she probably likes Natalie a lot more.
Okay, well, basically, right now, people are calling me the Edmonton Oilers mommy,
and I don't think it's really fair for me to pick a favorite.
Wow, okay, that's a great answer.
Wow.
As long as none of them are breastfeeding you, they're mine.
Are you a diehard?
Sorry. Go ahead, Whit of them are breastfeeding. Are you a diehard? Sorry.
Go ahead, Whit.
What did you say?
Go ahead, Whit.
No, nothing.
Nothing.
I was going to ask, are you a diehard Oilers fan?
Are you a huge fan, or are you casual, or are you just from the area?
Casual more so.
I had to work last night, so I didn't get to see the game.
casual more so.
I had to work last night, so I didn't get to see the game. I'll watch
a game if I'm there and available,
but I can't
go out of my way. I've got to
pay bills and shit.
Will you be at games three or four?
I
don't have tickets to games three or four.
I mean, possibly.
Oh, yeah. Oh, no. If you don't get called
for work, you'll be there with us.
If you don't end up getting called for work, we'll take care.
But, Kate, were you surprised?
I'm going to be tied up with R.A.
You were able to keep this such a secret all week, given, like, the internet usually always tracks everybody down, and they weren't able to, and we were able to save you until today?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Yeah, it was odd.
That's a Darnell nurse answer.
The internet finds everyone, like, and nobody could find you.
There were definitely people tagging me,
and then people were posting photos of me,
and then one guy's like, that's not even her.
That girl's high on meth.
And I'm like, that's good.
You and RA would definitely have a great time, if that's the case.
I actually think this is a map game in heaven. I don't know
why they think that I look like I'm on death in the picture.
I thought I looked decent, but...
So we can try for the first
time, I guess, then. No, together. No, I'm joking.
Oh my god.
Right after we get married in the dumpster.
Yeah.
We're breaking bad humor. No, but it was shocking
that no media outlets were able to track you down,
but either way, Kate, I'll be in touch with you later.
And if you're around this week, we'll definitely get you to one of these games.
Boys, did you have any final thoughts or questions you wanted for our friend up at Edmonton here?
No, but if we're down 0-2 and you're at Game 3 with Edmonton, you know what has to be done.
And it's great meeting you.
Dale, you planned that for me.
Yeah, and I got one last one.
I know that you've been offered some pretty crazy offers.
Like, what's the craziest offer you've been offered from, like, I heard porn sites were reaching out to make you sick.
Yeah, so I haven't actually talked to anyone besides R.A.
Like, all these porn people.
I'm like, fuck these guys.
R.A. is the man.
I don't know what they're actually offering me because I haven't talked to them.
I've just seen the same news articles you guys have,
and I'm definitely not interested in doing porn.
Good.
I'll tell you what.
We do have an offer for you, and it's to come hang out,
come enjoy a hockey game, and come to the Pink Whitney event
at the Ice House attached to Rogers Arena in Edmonton.
We're going to be around, I think we're
getting there on Tuesday. We will be leaving
on Sunday. So like we said,
anything, carte blanche, whatever
you want, you're our friend and
RA's new wife, so you're more than welcome
to join us. We'll even pay
for the wedding. I can see
with work what this week's supposed to
be like, and I'll touch base
with RA and let him know for sure, but it sounds
like definitely an interesting opportunity.
Hey, screw the porn
things. What about, like, Pink Whitney?
What about a Pink Whitney thing?
Oh!
Have you ever had Pink Whitney?
I have had
Pink Whitney.
Back in the old COVID days.
Hey, Biss, I did did that's what it really took off
that's what it was really going down it really did see how the next drinking away your sorrows
well because i i did reach out to sorry because i did reach out to one of those companies on her
behalf like the one that was supposedly offering 100 grand and i you know i was like hi i'm reaching
out on behalf of my client a recent article from a famous celebrity gossip site stage a company
was interested in contacting her for work. Please
reach out and then get the generic.
Your request ticket has been received and is being reviewed
by our support staff. I still haven't heard back from them,
so fuck on their loss either way.
I did reach out to a couple of those shady places
to try to see what they might have been offering.
When the glasses were on, I'm like...
R.A.'s trying to get a cut of the deal.
He's going to act as her agent.
I was like, this isn't her.
Glasses off a little more.
So I'm not 100 certain that was her.
Me neither.
What's the chat think?
My wheels were spinning.
People were saying Fugazi in the chat.
Trust me, I was monitoring it.
Glasses on, there was no chance.
There was no chance.
Boys, I'm watching this video again that they sent over.
And RA, I still don't believe it.
I think that we're being catfished.
But she was so, she was, was like if you're getting catfished
I feel like she would be like more
energetic and like knowing
she's fucking with us
she more seems like yeah I'll come on and talk
about it but I was yeah
just a different look maybe
at the game though she had a ton of makeup on
right like it looks yeah and her hair
was straighter
I should have asked for Maybe at the game, though, she had a ton of makeup on, right? Like, it looks like that. Yeah, and her hair was straighter.
I mean, you should have asked for the real proof, and that was to see.
I mentioned that, but I said I didn't want to ask, so I'm not going to ask that.
But there is one way you could prove it. Yeah, Bree would love that.
I mean, it is Sunday morning.
I had been to it.
She did work last night.
She does seem overwhelmed by the popularity that she's garnered from her yeah
here's what's interesting like she said it wasn't planned but the guy had the guy who was videoing
her and posted that video he had his phone right on her opposed to the ice where the celebration was
so like why would he have been filming this random girl do you know what i'm saying
yeah i don't know man this is there's some there's some there she is you know what i'm saying
was i gone why was that guy if the guy that put it up there you didn't know why was he
sitting there filming you if he didn't think or know you were gonna lift up your tarp
everybody's like filming the crowd and like okay you can see the person next to me who like almost
falls over into, like.
We were filming.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's my good friend who was with me, and she was, like, also taping the crowd.
Like, everybody was, like, Snapchatting, like, how crazy everyone was going.
Sorry, I'm trying not to swear here.
I don't know if you guys are.
Oh, no, you can swear on this show.
Oh, you can do whatever you want on this show, sweetheart.
Oh, good.
All right.
Well, no, I thought we had dropped you there for a second.
Kate, listen, thanks so much for coming on.
The world finally gets to meet you, and this won't be the last time they're going to see you, I'm sure.
We appreciate you coming on extremely so much, and we'll probably see you at a little meet and greet if you don't get called up to Alaska or Fort McBurray or wherever they might send you.
R.A. is smitten right now.
I've never seen him in his whole life.
Yeah, R.A. is blushing.
Now, I know it's rude to ask, but how old are you?
I just want to know for the age gap.
R.A.'s kind of in the 28-year-old range right now,
but that could change. I'm a little old
for him, and I'll be 35
in August. R.A., that's
a good age gap.
I like where this is going.
Are you single?
That's a yes.
It's complicated. It's complicated.
It's complicated for both of us.
I smell a wife swap.
I smell a wife swap.
Oh, shit.
That would be hilarious.
Hey, Kate, enjoy the rest of your day.
Enjoy game two tomorrow night.
We will definitely catch up.
I have a few pops up in Edmonton if you don't get called to work this week.
Sir, thank you guys for having me.
We love you, Kate.
You're the best.
Thank you.
What a Western leaguer.
What a Western leaguer, boys.
Right there.
Very nice woman.
Awesome.
Exactly.
And like I said, that's what the Oilers can do.
You could tell she was almost a little uncomfortable.
I can't believe this has happened.
What's this moment's turned into?
But you go to an Oilers game in the playoffs and the emotions take over and you got no
control over anything.
That's what happens up in Alberta.
Yeah, I mean, it's just boobs at the end of the day.
Nobody's got to get hurt, you know?
And I was wicked surprised.
Well, you better be careful here.
Your heart could get hurt, R.A., because we know you're falling hard for this one.
Oh, no, there's like six, 17 layers of armor on it.
From a feelings perspective, like, listen, I fell in love with her, too,
when I saw the online video.
Where are you at on, like, falling for on falling for her from a 1 to 10 perspective?
He seems very protective of her as well.
You should be.
He's got this protective.
You should be.
He's texted our group 15 times.
Don't say anything, guys.
Don't say anything.
All right, we know.
We will not do anything to ruin your moment with Tits McGee.
Well, how likely is it you meet somebody else who smokes crack, too?
So it's really all coming together. Wow, fucking ricochet shot on her jesus christ by the way i still haven't
smoked very protective of her see yeah well i mean like she said i'm the only one she's like
talked to about this it is weird like we joke around like calling my me her agent and shit
obviously we're having a lot but for the last week we've been texting man i think i've probably been
texting with her and not like flirty like like high school, like, oh, Google that shit.
Just like all, like, what she wants to do for next move.
And I probably texted with her more than everybody else on my phone combined
for the last week, just like trying to, I don't know,
figure out what her next move wants to be about getting her on the show.
And, you know, even when they lost last night, she was like, oh, I don't know.
I'm like, listen, the result of the game has nothing to do with you.
Like, I was like, don't listen to these idiots.
No, because the assholes online.
This is unbelievable.
The chat I'm looking at is saying same hand tattoos.
Same hand tattoo.
That was her.
Exactly.
Bingo.
That's why we need the chat.
Exactly.
And also, what would be the end game of catfishing?
You know what I mean?
What would be the point at this point?
I thought Foley might pop out of that car.
Exactly.
Foley with a red wig on.
If you would have asked me 10,000 yes or no,
I would have said as soon as she signed on that that was a fake.
So the fact that it is her, looking forward to seeing her live in the flesh,
and who knows, maybe she has enough pink Whitney nips where we get to see hers.
Hey, that's crazy, though.
I love it.
Oh, he is. He's bumbling around. He's just so protective. But it's crazy though i love it oh he is he's bumbling around he's just so
protective but it's crazy though hey like one little like she's smiling after she does it she's
with her girlfriends and like she just gets caught up and does this crazy does this crazy thing and
then she's just like like she's just working her job but she's like seems like she's incomplete
like she doesn't understand what's happening are you smoking crack, but she's like seems like she's incomplete. Like she doesn't understand
what's happening. Army, are you smoking crack?
No, but it's like it's crazy.
Holy fuck, say crazy one more time.
Well, how about she's in her truck
in the bush somewhere hiding out
like... I know.
I got a kick out of her saying,
you know, I reported it to Twitter.
It's like, yeah, that ain't going anywhere, baby.
Yeah, Elon just retweeted it.
You're going to report that thing directly to Elon when he's got his security guards hiding him from RA.
And that thing ain't going off the internet.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm putting six loads of my belly button to your jammers online, lady.
That ain't going.
It's already on every site you can imagine.
No scrub on that one.
Yeah, you can see that.
I got a better chance of scrubbing this tattoo off my arm with a bar of soap.
But, boys, wow.
Okay, unexpected turn of events.
Shout out to the chat for doing all the detective work.
And was there anything else that we needed to touch on this pod?
Yeah, a few other notes.
Yeah, a couple announcements from Bettman.
Yeah, we'll get to actually  wait, I want to give congrats to your neighbor now,
a salty guy, Chris Rooney,
one of the four refs selected to work the Stanley Cup.
He's a local guy.
We want to give him some props.
It's his seventh time doing the Stanley Cup final,
third in a row.
I couldn't believe when I looked it up,
22nd season for Rooney.
Can you believe he's been a ref for 22 frigging years, man?
What a move by him.
He does a great job.
He's got games two, four, and six,
and he's the standby ref in case of injury for game three.
So probably run into him in Edmonton.
He lives right behind me here, and he's done an awesome job.
And over the course of his career, he's just kind of, Jesus,
climbed the ladder to becoming a top official.
I texted him actually asking, because I hadn't seen Wes McCauley.
I was like, what's going on? Where's Wes?
He's a top guy too. I guess he tore
his hamstring in the first round.
He's out injured, which sucks for him.
The other one I like, Steve
Kazari. He's awesome. He was the guy who
got knocked out in that late game.
In Pittsburgh here. He got
knocked out, but he refed me in junior
coming up and to see him refing
as well. He's been on some great videos so far.
He took no shit on me when he was reffing us.
He used to snap on guys if you talk about it.
But he was so calm, too, in a weird way.
It was like he's beauty.
A little interested tidbit on officials getting paid.
Officials get paid per round of the postseason.
Referees are in 27,000.
The linesman gets 17,250.
Standby ref gets 1,000 for being on call with an
increase to 2750 if they get
into the game. Linesman gets 650 being
on call, which bumps up to 1775
if they take the ice. And I mean, the other two
referees in the final are Gene Hebert
and Dan O'Rourke. And how about this?
Dan O'Rourke's son, Austin, he just reffed the Kelly
Cup final down on the coast. That Florida
Everglades won the three-peat third Kelly Cup
in a row. But that's pretty wild to have one dude
in the Stanley Cup and one down in the East Coast
League. Pretty good stuff. And Paul Maurice's
son is doing the play-by-play
for that team, I guess. So he now has three
rings. Get out of here, actually.
That's a US DHL record.
Maurice was doing an interview
with a local Panthers reporter, or
the local, or the Panthers, you know,
reporter for their website and on social media.
And he was talking about how he's so much more open and talking
and making different quotes and kind of just not beat around the bush
in his press conferences.
And he talked about that.
One, he's older now.
He really doesn't doesn't give a fuck.
I think I could kind of paraphrase that into.
And the second was knowing his sons in that world of asking coaches questions. He looked at it like if I saw my son
ask a coach a question and he kind of just pitch and tossed him and was rude, it would drive him
nuts knowing he's probably done that before. He's like, I think just my son being in this game now
has changed how I'm approaching people just trying to do their job. His son got another
ring as a worker. What was the
team? Sorry? Everblades?
Everblades.
Three in a row. That's ridiculous.
Bradley Parala,
who's on our chat
and watches game notes, he tweeted
yesterday, Florida, the state of
hockey. It's crazy what's going on in
Florida with hockey right now.
Good call.
All right, boys, we've got a few more notes we'll get to in a second,
but here's a word from our sponsor first.
All right, folks, before we go any further,
here's a few words from our friends at Kraken.
Today, we're talking about Kraken, one of the OG crypto platforms.
These guys have been around way longer than the hockey team,
for over a decade in fact.
And Kraken's world-class security is like having an all-star goalie protecting your assets 24-7.
It gives you peace of mind when it comes to trading. With over 190 cryptocurrencies available,
there's something for everyone here. Maybe you're looking for new ways to approach your strategy in
crypto. The Kraken Learning Center is an awesome educational resource for all experience levels.
So join the 10 million plus clients already using Kraken's intuitive platform to buy crypto.
Go to kraken.com slash chicklets and see what crypto can be.
Not investment advice.
Crypto trading involves risk of loss.
All right, boys.
I don't know if you saw this.
Yair Mayega note, except for 2022,
Yair Mayega or one of his teammates
has been in every single Stanley Cup final since 1980.
Absolutely wild.
Back off the last two years, an old teammate of his.
I think for 19, was it that 19 years in a row
that a member of the 2003 draft
has been in the Stanley Cup finals.
Is that true?
I'm not sure.
Yeah, that crazy draft that we had.
I thought that there was representation from that draft in every Stanley Cup
finals for 19 years.
Wow.
That was my.
I bet.
Yeah.
I'll have to dig it up.
Maybe it's a botched stat, but maybe I'll get a text from our boy Jazzy Boy.
What else do we have?
Oh, I think I could do it right now.
Carolina Edmonton had Stahl.
The next year, Ottawa and Anaheim had Perry and Getzlaff.
The next year would have been, who was 07 or 08?
No, then that was Pittsburgh, Fleury.
Pittsburgh again the next year.
Flurry.
2010 Blackhawks Seabrook.
Right?
Seabrook was that draft, wasn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Keep going.
It's unreal.
It's like Frank the Tank.
2011, Dwayne Canucks, Kessler.
I think Kessler was that draft.
He might have been a second rounder.
I'll look that up.
No, but, oh, it had to be first round?
No, no, no. Bergeron, too. Bergeron was in that draft. Bergeron was the second rounder. I'll look that up. No, but, oh, it had to be first round? No, no, no.
Bergeron, too.
Bergeron was in that draft.
Bergeron was the second rounder that year.
Then you go 2012 Kings.
Brown was Dustin Brown that draft.
Yeah, Dustin Brown was.
Yeah, he was a late birthday.
Then 13, you go Hawks, Bruins.
So you got a bunch of them again.
Bergeron.
Yeah, I bet you it is.
You just keep 14 back to the Kings with Brown.
15 back to the Hawks with Seabrook.
16 would be the Penguins two years in a row.
So you got Flurry Flurry.
18, you got Capitals.
Who was on the Capitals?
Vegas.
What?
Who was it?
Caps Vegas.
That was Vegas's first year
who don't know who on the caps would have been in what was william carson that draft possibly
no he's the chat will figure it out but keep going to them if you get this dude that's
remarkable then 19 flurry flurry flurry caps caps flurry flurry, Caps, Caps, Flurry, Flurry again. 19, Bruins.
You got Bergeron.
20, you got Tampa.
And what was that?
Tampa, Dallas in that final, in the COVID final.
So you got Tampa, Dallas. Perry.
Perry.
Perry.
Dallas.
So it's like seven guys, basically.
Yeah.
21.
Who was that?
What final was that?
Tampa. Tampa again against Colorado,
right? No, Tampa
Montreal, right? Yeah, they played
Dallas and Montreal those two years.
Perry again? Jay Weber.
No, Jay Weber.
22, you had
Tampa, Colorado, so you just go back
to
was Perry in that one? Perry, yeah. Five teams, man. That you just go back to... Was Perry in that one?
Perry, yeah.
Five teams, man.
That's insane.
2023.
You got...
Who's that?
Colorado.
Florida.
Eric Stahl played last year for Florida.
Stahl.
Wow.
There you go.
Wow.
Great job, Woody.
What a job by you.
But basically, it was like 10 people, I think. Yeah. Same guys. Same 10 guys. Same you go. Wow. Great job, Woody. What a job by you. But basically it was like 10 people,
I think.
Yeah.
Same guys.
Same 10 guys.
Recycled guys,
but still remarkable.
One of the greatest drafts of all time.
And seems like we're going to be losing another one to retirement.
It seems like Joe Pavelski,
he hasn't 100 fully committed RA,
but he did say that it's likely that he's not returning.
Yeah.
He,
he all but officially announced it,
and I kind of alluded to it at the beginning of the playoffs.
Like, you know, someone
threw the bug on me, but that wasn't my time
to fucking, my thing to do it, because I did it with Rick Nash
before, and I felt like an asshole. Thankfully, no one really picked
up the story, but I realized that wasn't my
thing to do, so I was like,
I ain't putting that out there. Joe Pavelski retires, then
he deserves it to say. That's like R.A.
doing, like, gender reveals, like, blowing it, like, then he deserves it to say. That's like R.A. doing gender reveals, like blowing it,
like telling people that
someone's pregnant. It's purple.
What's purple mean?
Just ruining everything.
He does gray.
He does gray so he knows he can be right. It could be both.
Yeah.
And then he wants credit for it
once it comes out.
I love it.
Like his real name, though.
Not R.A.
Pavelski, man.
The game ain't fair.
The game is the game.
And that's a guy that I think forever will be thought of with a Ginla and Joe Thornton.
It should have got one.
Deserved one.
That's how difficult it is to win.
What a team sport.
He was on some great teams, and there was always just kind of one team
better a lot of his years, but what a career seventh round pick got the national title at
Wisconsin, which was nice. And then had this incredible run of success and goal scoring with
low expectations after his draft status and where he was picked. And he just kept getting better
and better. I think Elliot Friedman was the one who mentioned that when, when prospects were coming into Dallas is like rookie summer camp,
the guy,
the Jim Nill or whoever would ask him like,
Hey,
are you,
are you ready to outwork and win a battle against Joe Pavelski?
Like he's 38 years old,
37 years old.
Can you,
can you beat him in a battle for a puck?
And that's just the kind of guy that a,
that a GM is looking at as,
as our,
our, the pulse of our team. And he did it forever. And it's just the kind of guy that a gm's looking at as as our are the pulse of our team and he did it forever and it's just you know what he's gonna have one hell of a career
post hockey because he could probably do whatever he wants to do he's got plenty of money one of the
best golfers out there he'll be playing in all these awesome tournaments i think his son is right
around cruz's age army maybe a little younger. Yeah, he's a 2010. Cruz plays against him, yep.
So now, I think Army texted the chat,
welcome to the psychotic hockey fatherhood.
Oh, yeah, he'll be in there.
Buddy, to start the year, I saw him in Cleveland.
Like, the camp started in four days.
He was behind the bench coaching his kid in Cleveland.
I was like, holy shit, what are you doing here?
That was quick.
Just a quick little note.
I know the Pasha Truba stuff.
Anybody waiting for that?
It was addressed on Game Notes the other day.
So if you wanted to get up to speed on that, you could check out the last Game Notes episode.
Yeah.
I want to follow up on this.
All I will say is that Truba should just suck his Pasha if he ever sees him.
His response, though, was Billy Madison giving that long speech and then the guy being like,
I have no clue what you just said.
Nobody has any clue what you just said.
That made no sense to me.
That's what I'll leave it at.
That's fair.
It just made no sense to me.
So originally it was said on GameNote,
so we never really had a chance to rebuttal.
Some people were like, oh, you guys posted it online.
You had two days to comment.
First of all, I'm not revolving my schedule on what Pasha's spouting off about
with his jock sniffing ass on game notes,
and I'm not making it my schedule when I just finished being away from home
for two months.
I came home and I had shit to do.
I'm sorry.
But at the end of the day, if he wants to come on and say ridiculous shit,
we're going we're gonna call
each other out this is a platform we where we allow each each other to share our opinions
some of you fans might be like why is pasha hopper well he's our buddy he works for us he loves hockey
he is a jock sniffing fan and when he makes ridiculous comments well at least some of them
were we're gonna call him out on him we. And then we want you guys to get them.
Just go get them.
And then we let the chat roast them.
And some of the chat was defending them where they're like,
tell me what Pasha has said wrong.
Listen, that's the beauty of all this.
You can have an opinion. But my opinion is I don't know if I want to be getting into it on Twitter
with NHL captains because my videographer spouting off bringing up charity work and
being a devil's jock sniffer that's just not the business I want to be in I don't want to be
talking to people from the league about it on my days off and that's my opinion on it so where are
you getting calls from the league really no I think that I listen there were there people at
the league that were not happy that an NHL captain is having to fucking go online?
And listen, here's another thing too.
Trouba bringing up the mental health stuff, his charity was brought up by Pasha.
So maybe he made it clear, this is my outlet.
I do these paintings and I raise money for these reasons.
So I can understand why he directed traffic there.
And it's like, hey, if you want to use my name to garner clicks based on your take, Pasha,
I'm going to direct a little positivity and attention to my charity, which raises money.
So once again, that's my opinion on Trouba's post.
Was it a little bit of a left turn on, on what the subject was at hand?
Yes. But it's his, it's his charity involving suicide. I think it's, I think what it does is
it involves mental health and he sells those painting in order to, to, to raise money for it.
So great job by Trouba. And I didn't think that if, if you didn't like his play and how he, how
he's trying to elbow guys and injure guys, fine.
Bringing up the charity, I don't know
if that was the right thing to do.
When he brought up the wife,
even though he didn't say anything bad about her,
he could have just carved this play
and left it.
That's all that needed to be said.
And another thing,
and he could have cut the video
if he cut it, he could have cut the video if he cut it he could have cut the video with like me g and merles like pushing back on him also which
oh yeah they made you guys they made we're sitting there like watching rocky dangerfield and here's
another one and here's another one for posh and all you people were like oh he didn't say anything
wrong how about he cuts that clip and then the next podcast we tell him he's a fucking idiot
and then it never
gets cut and it never sees the light of day it's like are we gonna get the fucking professionals
opinion on this are we just gonna power of editing biz he's got that power of editing this
crazy motherfucker he's good at it so listen we love pasha and he and he's a ride or die
and he will never not be a part of spit and chiclets but when you fuck up like that and you
and you do dumb shit here we bring it to the kangaroo court and you get roasted is he coming
on well i thought no we we do have for for any time pasha comes on moving forward we do have a
devil's disclaimer anytime he comes on it is like a warning it's like oh you should see it play it
play it warning the following statements are about to be made by a deranged Devils fan.
The views expressed are his and his only.
Take everything you hear with a grain of salt because, remember, he is a deranged Devils fan.
Hey, and here's another derangement thing.
How about that avatar?
You're not that good looking, Pasha.
Your nose isn't that straight and nice.
It looks like a fucking Christian.
Go back to that.
I want to see the hairline.
It looks like a Christian.
I got a bad hairline. Go back to it. Go back. Warning the hairline. It looks like a Christian. I got a bad hairline.
Go back to it.
Go back to it.
Warning.
The following statements are about to be made by a deranged Devils fan.
The views.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's bullshit, that hairline.
It has a little bit of a two-car garage going.
He's got the widow's peak up here.
He's got a beautiful fucking nice small forehead in that.
A.I.
Pasha.
Perfectly manicured beard.
Get the fuck out of here, Pasha. You're not Fabio, buddy. Wow. Like this nice small forehead in the manicured beard.
Get the fuck out of here, Pasha.
You're not Fabio, buddy.
Wow.
Hey, we got to play his association biz.
They got to crack some champagne today.
Ding dong.
The escrow's dead.
The wicked escrow's dead.
It's been a long fucking time.
You finally get it all paid off.
Six billion dollars or whatever it was done.
That all right.
They might get a little top off.
So how pissed are the owners now?
They might get a little extra payment on top of that, baby.
The owners must be pissed, huh? The owners aren't
pissed because of the agreement that they worked out.
Yeah, they're joking.
They're not under their thumbs anymore, that's all.
They're thrilled right now, the owners.
And hey, boys, stick taps for Gary
Bettman. I know some people hate his guts.
That might get the chat going.
But what he's done with this league and the way that it's on the rise,
I would say over the last five to ten years, guys, hockey's on a heater.
We got a lot of good things in the pipeline.
The players got to be pumped up about this.
The escrow's no longer.
The salary cap's going up even more so than expected i think
it's three hundred thousand dollars more in which they originally said so at 88 million right now
uh we have next year biz see the year after that 92 and a half
and that's and that's not to say it couldn't be added like like this year was supposed to be 87
7 and it went to 88 extra 300 right now
no matter what 92.5 for the following season which is the last year of the cba that could get bumped
maybe to 93 so you're looking at timing being everything in life the guys who are free agents
this summer and next summer are fucking laughing right now zelda yeah and for teams like the
devils it doesn't make those timo meyer type
contracts look too bad even though they're going to be shit the next and it makes the jack hughes
one look even better even better and and you know maybe it looks so good for them that their fans
will start paying back their debts on the bets oh stop asking who knows what they cash which is why
you just sign five-year deals that's why why Matthews, the way he does it,
is like if it's skyrocketing like this,
you're just going to slide with that baby.
Yeah, the salary floor is going to be 65 million as well,
so teams have to spend at least that.
But yeah, great news for the league, great news for the players,
good for everybody.
I was just goofing on the owners because I know they like to have the players
underneath their thumbs as well.
Utah, they've whittled their potential nickname list down to the final six.
They are Blizzard, Hockey Club, Utah HC, Mammoth, Outlaw, Venom, and Yeti.
Yeti's the only option.
I kind of like Mammoth.
The other ones sound very AHL-ish to me.
Have you guys seen the color scheme they came out with?
No.
What is it?
The color scheme is very
similar to UMaine. So it's like a dark
blue, a light blue, and a white,
which makes you think, like, it's not going to
be Venom with those colors. Like, it really
makes you think when you see the color scheme. It's the Yeti.
It should be the Yeti. It should be the Yeti.
I said that first thing. They shouldn't even be able to do
Blizzard. There's already an avalanche.
Like, you can't do Blizzard.
It can't be Blizzard. I know I'm harping on Blizzardizzard right now it can't be hockey club i don't like that
venom is venom is they just left arizona where i think snakes have venom so that ain't gonna be it
and then what were the other ones outlaw what the fuck's out yeah that sounds like an ahl
yeah unless you consider people with a ton of wives outlaws. There's no outlaws.
And then you got Yeti.
Not in that state.
So Yeti.
I kind of like mammoth.
And I Googled it.
I guess apparently there have been a large amount of mammoth fossils found in Utah over the years.
I guess that's the reason for it.
Think about it.
That's actually a pretty cool logo.
Like basically a big giant fucking crusted elephant with Chewbacca, basically.
That's a woolly mammoth. It doesn't say woolly. I think that would be a pretty cool logo. This is a big giant fucking if you like crossed an elephant with chewbacca basically that's a woolly mammoth well it doesn't say woolly well i think this is this
is what a yeti is to me this would be an unbelievable big foot it's a great name and
then get get get like the yeti coolers to sponsor the team it's just an easy fucking segue make a
little bit of extra extra dough for the tailgateates. You are the biz man. I mean, there are other pictures of it, but this to me is an unbelievable mascot and an unbelievable logo on the cross.
That guy would kick your ass, biz.
That guy would eat Bowie for biz, though.
Oh, I love that.
Love that.
How about the announcement of the schedule for the Four Nations there, boys?
Oh, man.
Sounds pretty sick.
Unbelievable. He has three broadcasts with it. I'm there, boys. Oh, man. Sounds pretty sick. Unbelievable.
He has three broadcasts with it.
I'm super fired up.
I saw that.
USA, Canada in Montreal.
Look at that final.
It went right across the street, baby.
That's going to be amazing.
That is going to be sick.
Yeah, obviously, like we said, Sweden, Finland, USA, Canada
starting off next February at the Bell Center
in the last three games here in Boston.
And now that we know checks on it, I feel bad for Paster even more after we talked to him last week.
The fact that, you know, there's a guy, obviously a lot of guys that should be in this,
but you feel bad that other teams aren't going to be in it, especially, you know, guys who check.
Well, he'll be in the Bahamas living it up.
Yeah.
But I know it does.
At least next year, the year after, we got Italy, we got Olympics, we got everyone involved.
I don't know what's going to happen with Russia.
Kind of need them in that tournament, in my opinion.
Yeah.
But that's going to be a great little warm-up to the Olympics
and the full country's best-on-best with four of the top nations going at it
in Montreal and Boston.
That's going to be sick.
It'd be interesting, too, if they did select Yeti,
that would be the second nickname in a row that's based on a fictional creature,
which is sort of like out of the box for the NHL
because they kind of go with boring nicknames.
You know what I mean?
If you had Kraken, then Yeti.
I mean, it's cool.
I don't know.
It makes for good logos.
Jazz is up the league a little bit.
Agreed, R.A.
I love the mystic creativity.
There we go.
So on June 28th, I don't know about Sweden and Finland,
but I know for a fact the U.S. and Canada are naming their first six players.
Same day as the McGregor fight.
Same day as the McGregor fight in Vegas.
Who are your first six for Canada, Biz?
Crosby.
McDavid.
McDavid.
Kale McCarr.
I would actually announce.
McKinnon.
McKinnon.
How did we forget about McKinnon?
Fuck.
You would put Brad Marchandaw as a top 6 guy
I would personally have Alex Petrangelo
As a top 6
So that's 5 you still need one more
Go goalie
There ain't going to be a goalie announced yet
That's where they're weakest
Who are we forgetting about that's unreal guys up front probably braden point point
it's damn it too old i mean they had 45 the reason i say marshall like i think marshall
makes the team but i don't think like i't necessarily, maybe he performed in playoffs and, and he's
as elite of a player in the, in the same conversation as a guy like Kale McCarr, McKinnon,
Crosby, and, and, um, uh, did I already say McDavid?
McJesus.
So like those four guys are for sure.
And then, I mean, to me, Alex Petrangelo from a backend perspective, like you need, uh,
I mean, to me, Alex Petrangelo from a back-end perspective, like you need  I would say that considering Kael McCarr is going,
that you'd be a moron not to pick Tabes, right?
That's an automatic
I think Tabes would be on that team.
Yes, but maybe not in the top six.
So I don't know.
I think it would be a little bit more interesting to see who USA names
as their top six.
So you got Matthews.
You got Kachuk. Probably both of them. I don't know. names as their top six. So you got Matthews, you got
Kachuk, probably both
of them. I don't know. Do you name both
of them as the first six? But they're both on the team.
But let's say Matthews,
Matthew Kachuk,
then you go
Quinn Hughes, right?
I think he's got to be there
considering he's going to win the Norris Trophy.
Oh boy.
Then it gets just like...
Eichel.
Good problem to have.
Eichel.
Would you say Adam Fox is the top six guy?
What?
Would you say Adam Fox is the top six guy?
I think if you're going...
It depends.
He might go 1D, four forwards, and a goalie.
But I think the goalie is it's Swayman.
I know USA has these riches of goaltenders.
What about JT Miller and Hellebuck?
Yeah.
But I think you're looking at Swayman.
I know the hell book's going to win the Vets.
Now he sounds stupid,
but his first round was just so random and not like him.
But yeah, JT Miller might be one of those first six as well.
USA, I can't wait.
I have so much random money bet with random listeners throughout Twitter
that we have each other's Venmo and shit that it's on when this thing gets going.
I cannot wait.
Cannot wait.
Somebody said Truba in the chat.
Pasha's burner.
All right, gang.
Well, guys, great show.
Awesome time.
I'm so happy we're doing this once again.
The day after every game, we're going to be live doing our show.
Actually, it's going to be after the game tomorrow night,
after our stream.
Don't forget the stream tomorrow night.
Game two, Florida-Edmonton.
And also, we're going to be at Edmonton later this week, Thursday.
The meet and greet, three to five, at the stream tomorrow night. Game two, Florida-Edmonton. And also, we're going to be at Edmonton later this week, Thursday. The meet and greet, 3-5 at the Canadian Ice House.
It's right next to Rogers Place, next to the Moss Pit.
Can't wait to see it.
See you, boys.
Tuesday will be a podcast.
It will not be a live show.
We record it after the stream Monday.
But Tuesday will be a podcast, not live show.
What was that thing that just popped up at the bottom of the screen?
I saw Witt's name.
Was it a question for him him or was that an accident?
I think someone clicked it on accident.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, we love you guys.
We're going to have a great time at Edmonton.
I think there's about a 95 chance that we all end up in Florida.
And we're also going to be doing a Pink Whitney event there as well.
We haven't locked down the time and location yet,
but we're going to have plenty of pods.
We're always doing day after the game,
whether it's going to be a live pod
or whether it's just going to be a regular pod.
We're going to be coming at you guys every single day
after there's a game to give a type of update like this.
We're going to have the whole WAC pack.
Merles couldn't make it today, but obviously Army stood in.
But it's going to be a great time in Edmonton.
Make sure you pop by the Brewhouse.
And I think that we're going to actually be doing a little something
at the Moss Pit before one of the games there.
And Mr. Dave Portnoy, who's been riding the Edmonton Oilers,
he has one of these crazy million-dollar bets.
He's won 5.5 million in the last four months.
He might be making his way to Edmonton for Game 4.
It would be awesome to show him what the mega church in Canada has to offer with all you crazy Oilers fans.
We'd love Tits McGee there.
The whole WAC pack.
Dave, or Dale Morningstar, check out some memes, will be there.
And the whole WAC pack, as we said. We're fired
up. Fish, Pasha, all you
Rangers fans, if you're in Edmonton or
Florida, sucker Pasha
if you see him and tell him that his
AI imagery is out of
control and nonsense.
We love you guys.
Have a great day. Love the job, Chad.
Army, thanks for coming, buddy.
See you, buddy.
I like to poke the bear. I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch.
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot I said she needs a detox
To cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in
We're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound
In my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell, shit
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot I think we need a deep talk.
