Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Cheers, you love They say you're drunk at speech
It's just so the thought
I like to poke the bear
I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in
And take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 506 of Spittin' Chicklets
Presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here in the Boston Old Sports Podcast family
Big game 2 in Florida last night, huge game for Edmonton
But the Cats with a 4-1 chokeout to take a 2-0 series lead.
The Whitdog will go to you first.
Say hello, but tough one for you last night, buddy.
Crushed.
Crushed right now.
But right away, my mind went to, while being in one, as the Oilers are right now,
we're going home, and we're going to what's going to be the craziest atmosphere the
NHL's seen in years.
And a series doesn't start until the home
team loses a game, R.A.
We're in one. We got Anaconda
chokeholded out tonight.
No. No.
Like, pushback. No chances
the second half of that game.
But here we are.
You can't just sit around and feel sorry for yourself, R.A.
You know what I'm talking about.
You got to say, we're going back to Edmonton,
and we're getting both of those games.
You think they'll get a chance on the inside in the house with?
You think they're going to maybe impose their power a little bit
and stop playing from the fucking perimeter?
That was a sideshow tonight, buddy.
That was brutal.
That's your team. Not the whole game, that was a sideshow tonight, buddy. That was brutal. That's your team.
I want to hear.
Not the whole game because even you said early on, I mean,
they got the five-minute major.
Then they scored on the four and four.
And you even said before that goal, wow, Oilers look great.
I think the Oilers take a little while in the series.
I know it was brutal the second half.
But at the beginning, while being outshot, they were looking better, in your words, than Florida did the game before getting outshot.
But then, I agree with you.
Second half, I said against the Rangers, though.
You can't get to the inside against the Panthers.
It doesn't matter what team it is.
You're going to have to figure it out.
But they just, they drop back in the house, a bunch of monsters,
and you might get a shot, and then boom, it's cleared out.
So the problem, I just, I read a tweet.
The Oilers forwards had four shots, five on five tonight.
I mean, that's tough.
They had seven, seven shots.
Oh, my lights.
Five on five. Oh, hey.
Oh, Army.
You got those motion lights?
I got this thing.
Hold on.
Let me do this for you guys.
Sorry about that.
It shuts off at the same time every night.
If you're watching on the YouTube, Army just went into his room like dark.
He looks like he's in the basement in Saw right now.
Merle's and Army, the Game Notes boys.
Hey, Merle's, what's up, buddy?
Can't wait to see you in Edmonton.
Meow.
Oh, wow.
I want to talk about a few cats.
I want to talk about the cats.
Two things I noticed tonight.
Their length and their reach, it reminds me a lot of Vegas' D last year.
They're big.
They're lengthy.
They're all over you.
But the game changed when the big cat came on.
Our own barstool big cat joins our stream.
The game is 1-1.
I felt we were fine.
McDavid or Dreisel is going to get one.
We'll go to overtime.
Stream will get to go to overtime.
I love this.
Big cat comes on and mushed us all.
He's the Oilers' Grim Reaper.
He comes on these streams we do,
and immediately the Oilers start getting dominated
and give up goals.
He is.
He said, I think he's minus seven goal differential
when doing Oilers games.
Is Cap friendly for that?
Yeah, exactly.
It's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable.
So wait, he says he's not the mush,
but then he comes on as like sneaky cat.
Now, G reposted this.
Like, what does that mean?
That obviously means he's trying to do this on purpose to wit.
Why is he?
Yeah, he knows.
At this point now, he knows, and he just gets a kick out of it.
And then he's like, I bet Edmonton.
He probably bet.
He bet whatever he had left in his account after the Kentucky Derby.
It might have been a buck.
Maybe a hundred bucks.
It was the Belmont whip, but hey, the Oilers are down.
But look, buddy, you got this here, buddy.
This is presented by Pink Whitney.
I forgot that.
I'm down in the dumps.
But then you see the big monster 1.75 liter bottle that Merles is holding,
and it fires me back up.
It's tough right now to talk about the things you love,
but you got to look forward. You got to look onward. We're on to Edmonton, and it fires me back up. It's tough right now to talk about the things you love, but you got to look forward.
You got to look onward.
We're on to Edmonton, and we're on to Pink Whitney.
So the shots will be flowing.
We are doing an appearance in Edmonton before Game 3.
It's called the Ice House.
Ice House.
And we're going to be on the stage in the Moss Pit.
So it's all about us bringing some good vibes.
Big Cat will not be with us, but this is all presented by Pink Whitney.
Yeah, and actually there was a big rumor going around that Our Lady Peace was going to be
singing there.
It's actually R.A. doing karaoke of Our Lady Peace on stage.
No, he's got to do the Stones, dude.
Stones, yeah.
Well, if you do, he's doing the Stones songs, but with the Our Lady Peace voice.
So for you American listeners, Our Lady Peace is like an iconic Canadian band.
I think they went a little bit more mainstream than the Tragically Hip,
but nonetheless a very iconic Canadian band.
Now, speaking of wacky plays, let's go back to Mikula,
how he almost has the own goal.
And then all of a sudden, of all guys to join the rush,
I thought maybe we'd see Darnell with a rush tonight.
That's a story.
Offensive flair from the back end.
But Mikula, and then that bomb, boys.
And it goes back to what you talk about, these scratchy claws, Merle's,
the length of these D-men.
Whether it's Mikula jumping in there,
almost scoring in his own net,
and then going to score at the other end,
or this fucking penalty kill,
the smothering that these guys do.
And right now, that's probably one of the biggest storylines,
is that power play for the Edmonton Oilers
has been neutralized to the point where we have Army
trying to break down their power play.
Well, it's better than watching you on tnt try to do it
i mean yes i mean there's no fucking joke with that that's true i'm uh i'm amazed like the only
time they get like a quality chance is off the rush or an odd man break if they can get it if
they can get it and even that they're getting pestered to death you know like at home comes out
scores the first goal,
won nothing, three shots on goal in the first period.
They didn't have a shot on goal.
That was their first shot of the game.
Their first shot of the game they scored.
And I mean, they had nothing.
They weren't doing anything.
Second period, four shots on goal.
Seven shots on goal after two periods.
Game was right there, though.
The game was right there.
But when it was down they
couldn't get anything they couldn't muster a thing anaconda chokehold what are you calling it
anaconda chokehold it is real and then it is real the edmonton yeah like you said uh ekholm looks
off leon on a two-on-one, and it gets through Bob's five-hole,
which apparently he hasn't let in a five-hole goal.
That's another Gregor tweet.
I thought they showed a stat where he'd let in, like,
three in the five-hole, four bottom right, bottom left.
But down low, he's incredible.
But they got to him.
They beat him.
One he probably wants back.
Well, nope, didn't faze him one bit.
He didn't have much work, but he was money.
Every single time he needed to be in the Army, you mentioned the odd man rushes.
Yeah, McDavid had the breakaway, the two-on-one.
That was their goal.
It does seem like they just connect.
They get no cycle game going.
And they're pretty good in their own zone.
I mean, in the offensive zone, they're flying around.
They're making plays.
And next thing you know, you got Leon playing with Connor
because they got to muster up something,
and the other lines aren't doing much.
The Anaconda chokehold.
Can I read some quotes for you guys?
Yes.
Connor McDavid, I'm looking forward to people doubting us again.
Coming home.
I like that.
I got another one for you.
I think we've mentioned maybe possibly the biggest storyline
coming out of this game.
Barkov didn't play again.
Oh, I thought you were going to say McDavid's new tie.
No.
I think he has to go back to the original story.
I think the fact that he's still wearing the same suit is everything you need
to know.
This one's over.
This one's over.
Hey, this is what we needed, Edmund.
Now it's not over. This is over. Hey, this is what we needed. Now it's not over.
This is over.
Guys, we're going to watch the cup presented game four.
R.A. is going to be the drunkest guy in the stadium,
and he's going to be partying with Paul Maurice.
He's going to be giving Paul Maurice noogies in the coach's room
at the bottom of the Rogers Center or Rogers Place
or whatever
Rogers bought and called it.
You know you're sneaking in there game four, R.A., with your squad.
Hey, I'm going to do what I can.
I mean, hopefully I won't have to sneak.
But you mentioned, Leon, I think the biggest point of the game was the penalty on Bakov.
And you mentioned Bakov not coming back.
I mean, it was a rough penalty.
I saw him jump with forearm shiver.
I thought it was a bad penalty, a dumb penalty.
It ended up being the difference in the game.
I mean, there was still, what, 928 left when the penalty was called in the third period.
And that was really the difference.
Rodriguez made it 3-1.
Pretty much lights out.
Evan Rodriguez.
What about the signing of this guy?
Shout out Billy Zito.
After the game, he was interviewed.
Emily Kaplan interviewed.
Just mentioning, like, oh, your role on the team.
He's like, I'll play anywhere.
Fourth line, first line, power play, penalty kill, any way they need me.
It seems like he's done that all year.
Now he's on a top line, but he's up and down, or he can be up and down.
You can put him anywhere, and he's got three goals through two games in the cup final.
The shot, Armie and I were chatting about it.
Bouchard just ripped it right on his tape.
I think what happened is you get stuck in between,
all right, I'm going to clear this,
and then you maybe see someone open,
and you end up like, what did you call it, Army?
Double trigger?
Double clutch.
Double clutch.
Double clutch.
I can't speak right now.
He double clutched it,
and at the end just fires it right in his tape.
Yeah, Army was like, I don't know if he should have saved that,
but it was a quick release.
It was a great shot.
And maybe he wasn't set
because he'd been on Bouchard's stick
and you're kind of like,
lackadaisical, I don't know.
I'm not even blaming Skinner,
but boom, 2-1.
How about this?
I'll say this.
Leon has a line,
and I know Biz has been on Leon.
All that I've said is if you're a top player in the world, like he needs to
beat somebody one-on-one, he needs to kind of take over like Crosby and, and, uh, and,
um, uh, Evgeny Malkin, they had their moments during their runs where they would take over
games and stuff.
I just haven't seen it yet.
I'm not on him.
I just think he's maybe struggling a little bit to his standard.
So Connor had his quote here here's leon's quote we can certainly be better it starts
with me wit how do you feel about that i love that the big boys i absolutely love that i'll
throw this out there would you start skinner game three at home a hunt skinner yes he's not the
problem arm dog i'm just throwing it out there.
You think it's Jack Campbell time?
I'm asking you if you would.
They did it before.
That would be quite the move by Knobloch.
I've seen a lot from Knobloch.
I feel like when he did it against Vancouver,
Skinner was letting in goals from Zdorov against the glass shelf, beating him by his ear.
I mean, he's been fine.
I mean, he hasn't stolen a game, but Rob's given up one goal.
What if they trot out Miss Stanley game three at home in that start in Tendi?
No?
What do you think?
I'm out.
I'm out.
I mean, we could chuck the walrus
in the commercial. We could chuck
that walrus in. I don't want to
blame Skinner right now. We could be chucking
that walrus in Little Fish.
I'm not blaming him. I'm just saying
it's a strategy. It's a thing they've done.
No, I think it goes back to Leon's quote that it starts,
we've got to be better.
It starts with me.
And Biz made a great point.
Those Penguins Cups, Malkin would take over series.
It wasn't just Sid.
And in fairness, Leon's done that for three years now.
He's been as good as McDavid, and right now he's not dominating games.
And yes, when you're the two-headed monster as
Oilers fans or people who don't like the Oilers claim to say they're just two head two-man team
you got to be a monster and right now right now he's he's not and McDavid's doing his thing he
had a point that he hasn't scored but McDavid is creating he's flying around. He's drawing penalties. Like, I'm not at all like, oh, McDavid's got to do a lot more.
Score-wise, yes, but his game is there.
Leon's maybe not.
Edmonton, yeah, their penalty-killing streak was stopped at 34.
Imagine, 34 in a row.
Florida went for six on the power play.
Edmonton 0 for 4.
They couldn't get it done tonight.
Shot, so 29-19.
I mean, Florida was dominating all game.
Donnell Nurse, he got hurt in the
first. I think he played one shift after that.
I know he's been critical of his game,
but I mean, it's still not a guy you want to leave
the lineup with, right?
No, not at all. Especially with
CeCe getting healthy scratch. DeJarne
draws back in. So
you realize that
Nurse has had his moments, but he also could
change games when he's physical
and you saw him against Dallas after getting called out.
So that's a big loss.
I don't care if some Oilers fans are like,
he shouldn't be playing, scratch him.
When he's on, he's on.
And he couldn't even play tonight.
Knobloch said in his postgame that he'll be good to go for next game,
no matter what.
That seems like it's more scratch.
Are you guys getting a sense?
It's kind of like Vegas, uh or not vegas florida last year where all of a sudden you're looking throughout the
course of the final and they got guys who are banged up who they need kind of be in that that
core group who helps them it just feels like the this has taken a lot out of out of the edmonton
oilers even going back to the start they had in the season like it's been a long run of
and and fuck i mean and we and we talk about the the route they had in the season. Like it's been a long run of, and, and fuck,
I mean,
and we,
and we talk about the route they had in the West.
Like they probably had the easier route,
but it seems like the injuries are starting to mount and they're starting to
chip away.
Like we talked and laughed about it on the stream tonight.
I had no idea that Evander Kane,
there was rumor that he's suffering,
suffering this sports hernia.
So that's a fucking main piece.
That's kind of not playing half of what
they need him to and all of a sudden you got darnell nurse i don't know if fogel's gonna miss
games because of that knee we haven't really talked about that that's a five that's a game
yeah so i don't know guess who hit nurse by the way they're saying because he just kind of
disappeared out of the game on us we just were like like, what's going on with this? Rodriguez.
Oh, no.
Oh, really?
Rodriguez caught him with a hit, and he tried one shift.
Have you seen the hit, Harvey?
No, I haven't seen it.
I didn't see it.
Yeah, and Rodriguez, six goals, five assists, 11 points in 19 games so far.
The first year down there, too, a four-year, 12 million deal,
getting mad bang for their buck.
And, Biz, to go back to Leon and Connor, I mean you go back to the vancouver series there was a lot of chatter
that those guys were hurt i mean timmy peel former ref tweeted out that he heard they were injured so
i mean they obviously beat dallas but you can go back to that think where they still hurt and
that's why they're maybe not performing at the level that we've been used to over the years
no yeah and i i heard yeah i heard rumblings.A. I've heard different things. I heard the sports hernia thing was in fact Connor,
so I was off base on that.
How long have you been hearing that it was Evander Kane
with the sports hernia, guys?
He announced it.
He announced it like a month ago or something.
Like in the first series, I think he said that he was playing with it
or something, that he's dealing with this.
All right.
Yeah, he hasn't really made that much of an impact but i'm very interested to see about barkoff he went to get up right when
he caught that forearm shiver i mean kind of like his bicep elbow i he only gets two minutes but
barkoff went to get up and went right back down he was kind of mangled going off you don't know
if it's his jaw you don't know if he's got a concussion.
That changes this series enormously.
If he can't play, I don't know if that's going to be the case.
But it is weird that Knobloch would say,
Nurse will be fine next game if he just sat there for 56 minutes.
If he's fine next, it's just weird that it'd be an injury where you can't play one shift, but you're going to be fine next game.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I saw the hit.
It was a glancing, forechecking, finish your check hit
where he kind of spun off into him and caught him in front of him.
So I don't know if it was like his arm or if it was maybe concussion.
I don't know, and he didn't play.
I'm not sure.
This is the scary thing about the Panthers.
Reinhardt was quiet tonight.
Verhege had one great chance I
remember but he was kind of quiet tonight Kachuk hasn't really done much offensively he's been in
the mix but and they're still up to nothing Bobrovsky the Bob this he didn't have to do
anything tonight though I know but still when he does he's right there. I agree. He wasn't tested that much. But one goal through 120 minutes of this series,
and the first game being just robbery everywhere,
it's like they are a fine or a well-oiled machine, this Panthers team.
G just sent over a tweet.
I guess Nurse, you know, he refused to leave the bench.
I guess he wanted to sit there and support his teammates.
So that's probably why he was there.
He couldn't play.
You know what I mean?
Like, he didn't want to sit in the locker room.
He wanted to be there to support the team, even if he couldn't play.
Yeah, Elliott said that he was, between every whistle,
every time there was a whistle, he would go out onto the ice
and try to do a little skate.
And he just, like, physically couldn't bring himself to skate,
but he refused to leave the bench because of, like, Zidane O'Chara.
So that's why i going back
to what witt said i'm surprised that he said that he'll be good to go that's kind of a crazy
statement given given what even was just said so uh who knows maybe they got the russian gas there
in edmonton they just can't travel with or something also two there's two days off there's
an extra day between games too so maybe he took that into account you know instead of yeah that's
for our travel to edmonton tomorrow yeah exactly 12 hours i could have traveled to sweden quicker than i can to edmonton for some reason
here but we're talking about last year we had the vegas and five vegas won five two seven two first
two games looked like it's dead it's done in the water florida did bounce back one game three but
then they lost that game four and then we knew it was all over after that
but it feels a lot like that series but bedmond can win that next one then you never know well
that's what it is that's what it is boys it's gotta be like when you're looking for answers
like it's gotta be the edmonton crowd it's gotta be the vibe it's gotta get them going they need
answers they've got nothing.
Anaconda chokehold is set in.
They need the fans to come in.
Stanley Cup lady's got to get her hand in there,
grab that Anaconda by the throat,
just start ripping it off the throat.
Then everyone's getting in there.
Everyone's got to grab a hand in there and rip this thing off.
They got to get it going.
That's the only way.
I think it's, yeah.
I think it starts with the heartbeat,
the heartbeat of the fandom,. That's the only way. I think it's, yeah. I think it starts with the heartbeat, the heartbeat of the fandom,
and that's the moss pit.
So you need to really get that pump in pregame, bring that energy inside,
and I agree with you.
Run with that momentum because they got nothing right now.
They don't have much of that momentum, and it's kind of like,
well, we could go through every guy, and you mentioned those guys who were quiet for the Florida Panthers.
Like, fuck, man, all those guys are smart hockey players,
and they can play the defensive side of the puck.
And we've already touched on it.
The last half of the game, man, they couldn't get a sniff.
Florida has been able to play any way you want all season long,
and they can turn it on most of the time.
And the fact that Edmonton wasn't able to take advantage of that game one
when they were snoozing, I don't know, boys.
It's gloomy.
Some tough numbers here, too, Biz.
Teams that go up 2-0 in the final have won 49 out of 54 series.
That's a 91 slip.
Yeah, the five times the teams have come back, the 42 Leafs,
believe it or not, 66 Canadians, 71 Canadians, 09 Penguins,
and, of course, the last team to do it, 2011 Boston Bruins.
So that's what I was going to ask you about, R.A.
You've kind of seen this and lived this before.
So if you're wit, how do you stay positive?
How do the first few games go for Boston?
Was there one that they should have won that they didn't,
and then was there one that they laid an egg?
No, they could have won both games.
One went to OT, and then I know Thomas misplayed another one. They could have
come back to Boston up 2-0. The games were
that close. But at the same time, you win
the next one, it's a 2-1 series. It's almost like
you didn't lose the first two. It's like, alright, you're down
2-1 after three and go into game four.
So, I mean, it's not over yet. Those numbers are daunting
if you're an Edmonton fan.
But all you can do is worry and concentrate in the next game
and you win that, and then you worry about game four.
What's the one thing?
What's the one, one thing that's bread and butter that has been?
The PP.
What is going on?
The PP.
The fucking Panthers.
That's what's going on.
Credit to the Panthers.
Absolute credit to the Panthers.
It's the long sticks.
It's the Murley special.
But I do like that one of the teams that did that was the 09 Penguins,
the team I was unfortunately traded from,
because that's Crosby and that's Malkin,
and that maybe means Leon comes back, right?
You got our Crosby's McDavid.
Sounds crazy.
He doesn't have a cup.
But that dominant, that's what Crosby was like.
That's what McDavid's like.
But he had Malkin.
And so can Leon go home after calling himself out and have that Malkin magic,
that dominating performance in Game 3 and Game 4 for that?
Yeah, well, it was 0-7 in the two games so far.
Merles, any pot and thoughts?
What is Edmonton going to do different next time?
I know they're getting choked out,
but what do you see that they need to improve on
other than the power play?
Yeah, I don't see much.
Like Whit said, the goaltending was fine for me.
I don't see a problem with that.
You got to score goals.
And when you can't score goals, I was taught at a young age,
you go to the blue paint, go to the net.
You got to just get the bodies there, find a way,
go there, fight through.
It's a battle of will.
And I think Florida right now is winning that battle because they lost last
year in this position.
If you ever listen to Kachuk on his interviews, it's like, we,
we found out how to win at this time of year.
We know what it takes now to win, get to that blue paint.
Maybe, I don't know.
I'm I've been putting,
trying to put Darnell nurse at forward for about four years now,
put him at forward and say, every time you're out there,
go and stand in that.
We're putting this,
we're putting this Stanley in that saying this,
what if knob block comes back with a dry saddle nurse for,
yeah,
just go,
but Darnay and nurse go stand in that blue paint.
Don't move.
And then Connor and dryries can wheel around.
Got to get to that Bobrovsky's eyes.
Take his eyes away.
I'll land tomorrow and I'll ring a cowbell right down the fucking downtown of Edmonton
until that game three starts and ring it with you and say,
Nurse with Dries Seidel on a line.
Who would be the other guy?
Who's the other guy?
Connor Brown.
I'd put Vinny up front too fuck it is that
who you said they should do belligerent style go stand there don't move you guys aren't allowed to
move from the blue paint you stand there the whole time connor it's like you've been stiff-legged and
not playing up to your capabilities the first two games your punishment you got vinnie the tin man on your on your left
and you oh my god that would be just something else the power place boys it's they got to get
in the lab they look human they look like stuck like like they're showing all their cards and
florida's reading them and that power play has always been a thing that's been able to spark
them been able to get them going i know even last series was a little struggle.
They figured it out.
They got it going.
They got to figure it out.
They got to figure it out.
You're at no chance without it.
Do you have something that you can maybe draw on
so the YouTube watchers right now can see what you're talking about,
about what they should do with the power play?
I can describe.
All right.
I know.
Go into it.
Okay, let's see. Let's hear this. They end up doing this next day. Here we go, R.A. power play. I can describe. All right. I know. Go into it. Okay.
Let's see.
Let's hear this.
They end up doing this next day.
Here we go, R.A.
Rub roll.
Here it is.
They finally set it up in the offensive zone.
They get it to Leon on the half wall.
Okay.
Which side?
Which side?
If you're facing the net on the right side where Leon likes it.
All right.
Leon gets it.
He starts scooting his little, he starts doing the little two-legged thing to the net.
He gets there.
Connor's down low in the corner, dishes it down
to Connor, takes out that D man as he drives
through.
Now the net front Florida D is going to jump
down quickly on McDavid, not let him get a
tornado started up top.
Yep.
But he's going to bounce it behind the net to
the back door guy who's going to drop down and
they're going to come up the other side.
Well, everyone's flooding that side with pressure, trying to stop the net to the back door guy who's going to drop down and they're going to come up the other side while everyone's flooding that side with pressure trying to stop the tornado the
mcdavid tornado they're going to sneak attack down low below the goal line use the back of the net
get it out the other side get it to that weak side and have guys rolling in just for chances
and shots i i can picture this i like it army, Army. You lost me a tornado, man.
R.A., where are you at?
I love the way he describes
it. Honestly, the way you guys are breaking down
the games recently, it's been awesome.
A lot of my friends have reached out. You simplify.
You kind of put it in layman's terms.
I wanted to ask you, do you think the power play
or the lack of it with Edmonton has to do
with the coaching experience?
Difference between Knobloch and Maurice.
You think that's a huge factor?
On the power play?
Yeah, like basically the coaching experience.
Well, I think Glenn Gullickson's had the power play in Edmonton for a while now,
and it's kind of been a well-oiled machine.
I think for me, it's the first time.
They were getting praised a few series ago because their power play was just untouchable, obviously,
and it's been like that for years now.
But it's like they have an answer for everything, right?
It's like, oh, they're set up in their, you know,
1-3-1 setup or whatever guys do now.
They don't do that.
They do all these different plays.
They run all these schemes.
It's like Colorado.
Yeah, it's like they're untouchable forever.
There's no formation, really.
Yeah, they're throwing 10 different kinds of smoke at
them and it's like they're like what smoke is this i don't even know what's going on as a penalty
killer i always thought as a penalty killer in meetings you're pre-scouting you watch them you
have a plan okay edmonton forever has been the unplannable team it's like you never know what
they're going to do right now they look like obvious so so they they do have a plan though
they just have a lot of answers to what they see.
It kind of goes back to Colorado.
They'll see a shift in the formation,
and they'll be able to combat it by moving the pieces around, right?
And like you're saying, Edmonton has been always to kind of figure out,
okay, where do we move the puzzle in order to execute it
through whatever it is?
Florida has obviously done an incredible job the first two games,
but so did Dallas, didn't they, the first two games?
Mind you, Dallas didn't take many penalties,
so it's not like they were getting as many cracks at it.
So you would have said by this time,
Edmonton should have probably tried to figure,
should have figured out this Florida PK?
Well, I think it's a lot of pressure,
and I think they're hitting it at the right time.
I think the net front, the attacking down on that dry sidle McDavid play is, is they're
all attacking, but when they, when they stop that play right there and they're making a
move it now they're, they're, they get jammed, they're jammed up huge.
And for every reason, when it gets up on a scramble plate, a Bouchard up top, he doesn't
want to go to the far side.
He wants to ram it back down into the shit, into like Leon again and give it to him and
let him set it up again. But it's like they're full bore pressure so they got to get in the lab they
got to get in the lab they got to get on the whiteboard they got to start clicking some ideas
of how they're going to beat this pressure system that they're doing and it can't start from from
connor in the corner because they're jumping them right away and that's killing everything
immediately wouldn't you say though that i I actually love what you're talking about,
just to relieve the pressure, go to the other side.
But any power play, no matter if it's the best or the worst,
at one point you say, guys, we just got to shoot.
We just got to get some shots from the top with a tip, a rebound, traffic.
And Bouchard has the cannon to do it.
So if you want to roll McDavid
up and try to, you know, the mini
tornado and just dish it up, even if
there's a couple blocks, which Florida's great at,
you've got to keep
and stick with that because what happens is
that's when chaos is created.
Off some rebound, even a missed net.
It stops the pressure.
When you shoot, they have to collapse and stop.
So you've got to jump on loose pucks now, though.
You talked about that play where he drives through.
What about the one where he drives through,
he drops it down to McDavid, and he one-touches it up
for the one-timer?
Because sometimes they have the guy drive.
Like, let's say it's Dreisaitl.
You're saying he's on that half wall on the right side.
So he kind of attacks a little bit, moves it down to McDavid,
where McDavid is literally just looking to one-touch it back
to anybody walking in.
Now, Bouchard's a righty.
Righty, that's the only thing.
He can walk right into that on that side, on that same side one-touch.
So I want to say they might have done it.
So I kind of didn't understand the first way you described it
by going behind the net, going over.
You'll have to fucking reach out to me when we get off the stream.
But the one touch for the one timer is just a lot more simple for me.
So that's why I said that one.
Well, that's just to generate shots.
Anything else?
You got to definitely make adjustments.
In one play I've run it before, you do that,
and you have Bouchard like this,
but the whole world knows he's shooting it.
So that's why they're blocking it.
What they need to do is have Hyman pop all the way up behind Bouchard.
Bouchard makes one more drop.
That's how you get a sneak attack shot.
Hyman's a 50-goal guy.
Yep.
He hasn't done anything.
I haven't noticed him.
Boys, I just got a text from Knobloch.
We're doing a Zoom for the power play tomorrow yeah after their
one o'clock skate i'll give i'll give i'll give him credit though on the four on four he pulled
the goalie yeah make it a five on four to create another power play the only mistake he made i
talked about in the stream was he did it off the he did it off the faceoff, and Florida knew they were pulling five guys,
so he put out his four big penalty killers.
Next time it's four on four.
Wait till they have their small skilled guys out,
then pull the goalie so they don't have guys that know how to penalty kill
against that unit.
Change him on the fly.
But the PK, and we have to give them a little bit more credit,
they've basically decided, all right, we're pressuring everywhere.
So McDavid gets in the corner, jump to him, other forward, jump to the wall.
It's just everyone goes.
And by doing that, you're like, yes, we're leaving ourselves open,
but it has to be three perfect passes.
Perfect.
It has to be three quick, perfect passes,
and you're going to give up a grade A chance.
I think they're willing to, instead of letting them set up
and just fire it around, they're like,
let's just get burnt with aggression if we're going to get burnt.
All right, folks.
This game review segment is presented by ESPN.
ABC and ESPN Plus are the home of the Stanley Cup Final this year.
It's been an unreal playoff so far.
Saturday night,
game one down in sunrise.
Edmonton's going to be down there for the first two,
then up to Edmonton for games three and four.
The chicklets crew is going to be there.
We've had some unreal series.
ESPN,
ABC did a killer job.
Last series ranges,
Florida Panthers,
just an amazing series.
And they got this one too.
You can watch on the Stanley cup playoffs on ESPN, ABC, and ESPN+.
I'd love to clip this and send it to their locker room
and watch the reactions of them listening to us talk.
I'd be like, oh, my God.
Stanley Cup lady's going to lead the meeting, Biz.
She's like, I have a video for you guys.
It's her shooting ping pong balls.
Oh, my God.
Oh, man.
We got to shoot more.
I'm going to go back and just stick to getting Connor the beer after the game.
When they win game three and game four up there,
I'm going to make the beer run for the guys.
I'm not going to talk about the power play anymore.
Yeah.
I got cough on the line, boy.
Well, it's been big though.
It's been big right now.
Like you're playing against an over-aggressive Florida team
that doesn't care.
They've taken more than enough penalties against,
like I thought coming in this series, boys, didn't you?
Oh yeah.
You want to play that way? Okay. Wait till do you see this power play they got to figure it out
they got to get going it's going to be much different obviously the whole crowd's gonna
be crazy that's coffee he's he wants the game notes powerpoint presentation tomorrow
right before they go on for the flight home. No, they're staying.
They canceled their travel because of the, you know, all the, the sleeping analytics now.
So they're going to stay there to adjust to
the time zone a little bit.
So they're doing one o'clock practice.
We're going to do a quick 10 minute zoom
PowerPoint game notes, power play presentation.
They're going to work on it and then they're
flying home after.
I'll have a busy, do you know how they're
going to show a presentation,
how they beat the Anaconda chokehold?
You got it broken down.
I'm going to fight an Anaconda in the moss pit to teach them to get out of the chokehold.
Because right now, boys, like, listen, I can, you know, we got a true clock here.
We got to talk about the game and stuff.
And like, so we're trying to sell this.
Oh, yeah, the Oilers have a chance.
I'm not kidding you when I say I can't spew anymore of that bullshit.
This is over.
This series is over.
Sweep?
I think it's over in five games.
I love this, guys.
What do you mean you love this?
Connor loves this.
Every time you say this, the opposite happens.
The effort that the Oilers put forth in the second half of the game
led to probably Paul Maurice and Barkov saying like why even come back these guys are a joke
stay in here we got this one put the normies on fuck here here's a first class ticket take an
earlier flight get ahead of it adjust the time zone in Edmonton we'll see you there that's where
this series is at right now Barkov go and then go to the mail at the Oilers Arena
and grab the Chicklets power play presentation that they mailed to the team
and don't let them see it.
He's like a Russian spy.
He's a Finnish Russian spy.
They get their hands on that DVD that we
It's like road trip.
We should make our own version of road trip.
He opens the case.
It's not there.
Connor has the DVD in his hand.
Barkov opens the case.
Sasha's like,
Paul, I got the tape,
but it's that Stanley Cup lady
shooting ping pongs out of her pussy.
It's not the power play.
It's a fake.
We didn't mention last game
about how fucking Connor getting harassed on a beer run.
First off, why is Conor making a beer run first of all?
And he had like all those dudes fucking all over him.
And that's fucking brutal, dude.
The guy was, I mean, there's one thing to sit there and film him.
He was like wrapping his arm around him.
That was Kodak Black putting the hex on him.
I don't think anybody caught that.
And that's why the power play has been cursed ever since.
He had the voodoo doll out.
Has Kodak Black ever been back to the Panthers since he teed up that girl in the box?
He never left.
He's been there ever since.
He's like Kanye hanging out at the Atlanta Stadium.
He signed Rodriguez, actually.
That wasn't even Zito.
It was Kodak.
stadium he signed uh rodriguez actually that wasn't even zito it was kodak because maybe it was the child of the two people at the airport who were hugging uh connor on either side that
picture from years ago remember that super awkward photo dude like oh yeah yeah i mean hey but then
it's kind of been a weird week like because you just mentioned that with them kind of swarming
them by the way you guys talked about this, I think, on Game Notes.
Why is Connor McDavid going to do his own beer run after they know security?
Which is crazy.
Don't get it.
Which is crazy.
How does he not have security?
Right?
That's another one.
He's like, no, no, no, I got it. I'll just go get the beers.
You got to have a buddy.
You got to have a Migs that goes and gets that for you.
The Vegas Insider. The Vegas Insider. Or just be. You know, you got a guy that's the Vegas insider.
Like, dude, go get the beer.
Or just be like, hey, Ryan McLeod, go get the beers.
And then I don't really find it.
Well, I guess there's a correlation between then he gets asked,
what's the best thing about Edmonton?
And then he answers that it gets dark.
The days are long.
The days are long.
That was like a, That was an all-time not one.
I think the question kind of hit him out of nowhere.
You expect threw him a curveball there?
Was it a weird worded question?
And I think that he just was like, oh, I don't know.
He didn't sound so sure.
It looked like he was laughing, too, at someone behind the scrum,
kind of like someone was walking by or something.
And then he probably
imagined like they won the western conference and he's out of the locker room he's showered he's
ready to go and it's still light out on his beer run but then all of a sudden he was harassed and
basically like groped by a couple of diehard oilers fans he was trying to load some beers into the car
oh do you think he was referring to the video that it's still light out when he was getting his beers
after the game? No, I think that maybe he just
thought... I think we
saw it, because if it would have been dark, he
would have been sneakier.
Are you the Russian spy army?
I don't know.
Am I?
Boys, take a look
at the goal scorers so far. If you were to play
this in a prop, you would be a billionaire. I mean, Ekholm's got the only goal for Edmonton. You look at the goal scorers so far. If you were to play this in a prop, you would be a billionaire.
I mean, Eckholm's got the only goal for Edmonton.
You look at Florida.
Versweg, you got this 10th.
Yeah, Versweg, Rodriguez got three.
Then the other three goal scorers, Eckblad, Lusterainen, and Mikula.
Like, nobody would ever have thought these would be the goal scorers.
So, again, if you're a Panthers fan, your stars haven't really exploded
other than Versweg.
Is there any chance Leon gets suspended for that Barkov hit?
I don't think so.
Not when they're down 2-0.
They can't do that to them.
If R.A. says no, then it's no.
That could be like an old-school Mark Messier kind of elbow to knock a guy out.
I mean, Mess was known as one of the most vicious competitors the game's ever seen.
The guy went around murdering people.
Because he was on fucking mushrooms.
Leon catches fire, Barkov's out, and it's one of those mess moments.
Do you guys remember last time we were in Edmonton,
they were down 2-0?
We were in that game, and McDavid, when he scored in the first minute,
the place was going nuts.
But then they took the five-minute major right after.
Kane on Caudry. Yeah, exactly. was going nuts but then they took the five minute major right after kane on um on um
caudry yeah yeah exactly caudry got hurt but uh yeah similar similar stuff going on to nothing
we're gonna be up there but i remember world juniors one time jason doig did something when
i was little i remember grapes coming on he's like this is gonna change it around for canada
they're gonna
get something done here because doig did something like crazy like just crushed a guy or something
and got like a huge penalty and turned him around apparently so those things happen who should be
the kamikaze if somebody does it like who should be the guy to do something i'm saying leon already
did it yeah somebody could really understandable right oh? Oh, I don't think that was purposeful.
Obviously, R.A. did on the live stream.
But then he said no suspension.
He kind of like jumped a little.
Yeah.
Oh, he definitely jumped.
I mean, but yeah, I don't think there's a suspension.
He didn't get thrown out of the game.
There wasn't a misconduct.
I mean, in the regular season, maybe it would be a suspension, possibly.
But I don't think they're going to do that at all today.
G just sent a hilarious picture.
I don't know if he can pop it up here or not.
It's a business boy, DJ Khaled, or how do they say it, Khalid, with Batman.
I don't know what the origin of this picture is.
Look at that.
He sent this to the text thread, too.
He's rubbing his tummy.
He's like, did you hear about the time I beat Charles at the park when I was doing the TNT match?
He's treating Batman like fucking fans are treating McDavid the other day.
Fucking gloving all over him and shit.
Who's going to be in Edmonton?
What celebrities are going to be there?
Charles Barkley was all over the broadcast.
They had DJ Khalid there.
Our Lady Peace is going.
And then Stanley Cup Lady.
Is Wayne going, Biz? Is Wayne going, Biz?
Is Wayne coming, Biz?
Your Oilers girl you guys had on?
I don't know.
Yeah, you got to think a bunch of stars will be in town, right?
I mean, it's a Stanley Cup.
Yeah, R.A.'s girl is the number one star, actually.
Oh, she might be the savior.
Come on now, lay off.
Well, since I think we talked about this on the stream,
but we haven't talked it yet on the podcast, have we?
No.
When we had her on, people were saying it was one of the most awkward
interviews of all time.
Well, we were starstruck.
We were surprised with that.
Speaking of kamikaze attacks, like, all right,
we had no idea she was coming on.
I thought she was a fake at first,
but everybody confirmed her hand tattoos
and that she's the real deal.
Yeah, I mean, I didn't think I was getting catfished at all.
I know everyone's been playing that.
And I know it didn't maybe go as smooth as we'd hoped.
And I kind of felt bad out there because it's been a whirlwind week for her.
I mean, you know, she did a fun, goofy thing.
And I think she kind of was a little shell-shocked.
And I think when the lights come on, I think she might have been a little
deer in the headlights because she's a really funny gal.
She's got a great personality, and I don't think people
were able to see that when we had her on the other day.
So, you know, we're going to be up at Edmonton this week.
We'll have a couple of pops.
All right, you are smitten over this, Carl.
You just look at you right now.
I'm not smitten.
No, it was honestly a funny thing just to fucking keep you occupied
for the week.
The greatest thing ever, like, if it's not going to be an interview uh uh awkward sorry
awkward interview the first question um i think i asked her was like how does it feel right now
and then biz just came over the top with are you dating ra yeah we're getting right to it well
they've been talking via text for a week are you kidding me i
give like two word answers via text this guy's going uh paragraphs back and forth lance romance
over here uh but hey the offers on the table man she seemed like an awesome chick vera very alberta
and we'll pay for everything like she can come to dinner with us and and obviously it won't be as
awkward we i think we've broken the ice a little bit
and it was a good time meeting
her, Ari. Thanks for bringing her on.
No, thanks. I'm glad I got her. Like I said,
she's a fun gal. We'll see her this week and I think
if she pops back on the pod again, people
will see a little more of her personality.
Are you representing her as
an agent kind of thing right now, Ari?
We were jokingly. No.
That was the other thing. When I emailed that porn site, I didn't do that
willy-nilly on my own. She was like,
go ask, see what
they're offering or whatever.
So you are an agent.
You are an agent.
I'm not getting a cut.
Yet.
I thought you called a newspaper
or something on her behalf. No, I emailed one of those
porn sites that was in the TMZ article, allegedly offering her money her money and she's like do you want to reach out i was like
yeah you know they confirm and did they make an offer no they fucking gave me a standard like
reply oh you we'll get back to you and i still haven't got back to them yet so let me ask you
this if i don't think we're gonna i don't think we're gonna go that way anyways what if what if
browsers.com hears this and uh and comes to you and says,
RA, we want you to do it, and you would get 200K,
and she would get 2 million?
For a sex tape?
And she agreed to it.
Would you proceed and have a sex tape for 200,000?
No fucking way, buddy.
No way.
Okay, all right, all right.
We'll pump the brakes.
Then they go back to their office.
They talk it out.
They say, let's double it up and then add another 100,000 bonus.
500,000.
Would you do it?
If you want me in a fucking second.
I'm not saying I want it.
There's some.
If someone's doing it, I wouldn't do it for anything less than a fucking million dollars.
And that's not like extortion.
Nobody wants to see me fuck on camera biz.
I'll tell you that.
All right.
Somebody's sucking you 500,000.
You're saying no.
Welcome back, Wendy Wi-Fi.
I mean, I don't know.
It's, yeah, I just, I have no, yeah, I don't think I'd do it.
I honestly, I mean, you know.
For 500, you said a million.
I would know.
It's not a million, but 500K, no.
I mean, I would probably even multiple millions.
Yeah, if I'm going to humiliate myself once again for eternity on the internet.
Self-ad Self admittedly.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Just like a rock star.
Then it's a double bonus.
I'll get a couple million
in if I can be a stud on
camera.
But yeah.
What would be your
finishing move?
Well, his name.
No, no, no, no.
I'm not doing it.
What's his name?
What's going to throw up?
We're down 0-2.
I'm not doing it.
Oh, I'm dropping fucking low
Who's like
Hey you know what would be perfect
The oil driller
What do you got
Like who is the biggest
Stars right now in like western Canada
Like do they have any big
Musicians or actors
I have no clue
Bieber's already leafs
Celine Dion's Montreal Canadiens Have any big musicians or actors? I have no clue. Bieber's already leaves. Bieber's already leaves.
Yeah, Bieber's leaves.
Colby Armstrong.
Celine Dion's Montreal Canadiens.
Brett Kissel.
Our guy, Brett Kissel.
Oh, that's right.
Kissel.
Brett Kissel.
Long ago guest, yeah.
He'll be up there.
He's an ambassador for them, isn't he?
Yeah, I think that people have been hounding him online
because of their record at home when he sings the anthem.
I think that
that's how psycho these fans are.
I think they need to lead with the
Ace of Spades Game 3.
Brett Kissel coming out.
He's our big cat.
I think we have him sing the national anthem
at Ice House at 3pm.
Let's go!
Or do it at the fucking Moss Pit.
Let's go.
Wait, what do you say?
What's his record?
I love the guy, too.
What if him and Big Cat.
You're telling me he's like 1 and 12.
What if Big Cat does the American anthem and then he does the Canadian,
so it's a double jinx.
The Mongolian reversal to beat the Anaconda chokehold. There we go. The Mongolian reversal to beat the Anaconda chokehold.
There we go.
The Mongolian reversal to beat the Anaconda chokehold.
There it is, folks.
Oh, my God.
That might do it.
That might do it.
Holy shit.
Unless Sasha Barkov, the Russian spy, intercepts it.
If he gets a hold of these plans.
He's like, I've tracked Big Cat's plane.
What strain did you have tonight, Biz?
I could want some of that.
Holy shit. I have been off my rocker the last three, four days.
Nothing wrong with that, buddy.
Hey, some tough news for the online hockey community.
Cap Friendly bought by the Washington Capitals.
This is crazy.
I don't know.
I guess what data does this site have that other teams can't access?
I mean, they're going to keep it through the draft and then shut it down.
And I don't know if they're going to do a pay site or whatever.
I just don't understand the logic or the reason.
I don't know.
I would assume that they're going to, besides just ruining the website for everyone,
I mean, they will probably be able to use their technology and however they use it for their own team.
And I kind of agree with you already.
I saw it.
I was like, everyone already has a cap number guy.
And you figure out that, you know, you have all your scouts and your GM
and you're making all these hockey decisions.
What could this website help them with decision-making
for the Capitals organization?
I guess I still don't know.
What if it's about taking the resource away from someone else?
That's what it's doing.
It's a cop-out.
I read that multiple front office executives on every team
use that website to complete their job.
For their job, they use that on their daily day-to-day.
The cap calculator.
If they sneak that away, it helps.
It's an advantage.
You're saying their cap number guys are kind of like fraudulent a little
bit.
No,
I think that you don't have to spend as much in that department because
all that information is available.
So now all of a sudden,
all of a sudden this,
this website has been created.
I don't know how many people there are behind the scenes.
My assumption would be at least like probably 10,
15 people.
I think there were three like main guys who started the site.
I'm sure they have employees, but I think three main guys cashed in.
So I don't know about that, but my understanding is there was a bidding war between other teams
and the Capitals were the ones who have the highest bid.
I read the text I got out from a Washington Capitals employee who reached out unsolicited
to say, hey, if you need any, uh, breakdown of this
situation, I don't think I need to re read the whole text thread.
You could go on our, uh, our live stream about how I read it out.
But long story short, like even I said, like, yeah, this is benefiting you and no one else.
This is a straight up cock block.
And then he replied back.
I think I was talking to chat GPD and i thought this was my buddy here i
had the most basic uh uh legal documentation responses a pr firm like reaching out viz
via my friend so go go to the game stream and you'll see i think it was in the third period or
or sorry right before the end of the second where i read this thing out i'm not going to read the whole thing. Explain this to me, guys. Right now, if you're a, I guess, math or analytical wizard in the game,
start a site right now, buddy.
You'll be enormous.
I already mentioned Puckpedia.
Yeah, Puckpedia.
Do they already do all the same things?
Why did you say that they'll be the ones to take over?
Because, yeah, they've kind of been doing a similar thing and you remember cap geek a few years ago that was the the pioneer and
then unfortunately the gentleman who started that site passed away he was sick and then that's when
cap friendly come in after that and it just feels like puck p was you know looks appears to be the
next one i mean based on what i've seen on the site i think they're pretty good guys who run
that site but it feels like they'll probably get big to a certain point they'll get bought too
might get bought out.
This information's out there.
These guys are getting it somewhere.
I think this stuff will always be there if you
sniff it out, but I'll tell you, as a guy who does
all the outline stuff, it's an
incredible resource. We use it every
day. You guys use it every day.
I use it all the time.
It would be just as simple as you
have to track every player's contract situation.
That's it.
That's all it is.
Get a big filing cabinet.
Then you've got the long-term injury.
You've got LTIR money on the bottom.
Trades, yeah.
A lot of data in there.
That had the drafts and what picks they had for each round the next few years.
They had guys when their deals would end, which isn't that hard.
But, yeah yeah i guess looking
into it thinking about it there's it's a lot more work than you than you think right off the bat
when you just go to a site and it's so easy no doubt it's an incredible website i wasn't taking
away from that just like probably the most i would assume there's things that are extremely more
valuable from the from all the assets that it offers now if we were to create our own what
type of things would we have on it?
Wrench size.
That would be.
We'd have to talk to our analytics guy, Pasha,
but I think he's on another suspension right now.
Ooh.
Yeah, no shit.
He might be donezo.
I actually think that we could have,
I mean, we could have like R.A.'s favorite strains on there.
Right?
Favorite movie, first fight, first goal.
Yep.
We could have my bloopers.
Like you just click on wit.
It's just me burying Fleury into the boards.
Getting walked by Yager.
How many old ladies he's whacked out.
We could have Harvey's.
Raya account.
Yeah, Raya subscription service.
We'd have Harvey's gift cards for Merle.
50 off your next Harvey's purchase.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow night I'll be there.
And then randomly when you clicked on the website,
all of a sudden it'd be like,
the warthog got you,
and then you just get a virus sent to your computer.
So you just throw in random warthog viruses to attack you?
This doesn't sound like a very good website, but let's create it.
Let's do it.
What else would you want on there, Merle?
Best bars to go on the road?
Yeah, that'd be a good one.
I think that, yeah, definitely like that.
Like Dave's Pizza, best pizza place.
We could do best bars.
I like to do best wings, best nachos.
We could do stuff like that.
Or I guess best hockey bars.
Coldest Pink Whitney, coldest Labatt Blue Light.
Where do you find those?
They got kind of all that stuff already.
I mean, the best hockey bar has got to be the Canuck in New York City.
I've never seen a bar like that in the States.
The one down in Fayette.
Cornell Hockey Graduate owns that.
Merle's account is just highlights of his worst beats ever.
Just over and over and over.
And he narrates
it in the background, like, this is when I took him
live to score the next goal,
then they got scored against, like, just Merle-y
bad beat specials.
There's an asterisk, Whit, and if you click on that,
it'll have a list of what he was gonna bet, but he didn't
bet it. I had it in,
and it was loading,
and then they scored, because Whit made me watch on delay
so it could be in sync with him.
Me and Army could start our own little OnlyFans version of OnlyPeeps,
and you could rent us to come in the dressing room all of a sudden
on the FaceTime.
We could help with the power play.
That would be a nice little feature, wouldn't it, Merle?
Or wouldn't it, Army?
I know some coaches that use that. That feature is. Or OnlyKills wouldn't it, Merle? Or wouldn't it, Armie? We should have that feature.
Or only kills and help with the penalty kill.
Only kills.
We should have something like that where you can get like a 20,000
or 75,000 like Chicklets Air foot view of the game
and you're not so inundated and around the scene.
You get our
our point of view okay that'd be good all right gang before you go any further here's a few words
from our good friends over at DraftKings the chase for the Stanley Cup continues and the action at
DraftKings Sportsbook an official sports betting partner of the NHL, is just as hot as it is on the ice.
With same-game parlays, live betting, odds boost, and so much more,
don't miss out as the Stanley Cup playoffs wind down.
If you're looking at the Stanley Cup, I know it had already started, but Florida was minus 140 for the series here.
Edmonton plus 120.
Pretty evenly matched, but should be a slobber knock.
It should be a doozy of a series.
But if you're new to DraftKings, you got to check this out.
New customers bet 5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly.
Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code CHICKLETS.
That's code CHICKLETS for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets
when you bet just 5 only on DraftKings.
The crown is yours. or visit ccpg.org. Please play responsibly. On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 and over, age varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
See dkng.co slash ice for eligibility and deposit restrictions,
terms, and responsible gaming resources.
Now, you just sparked another topic of conversation
with you saying about the views.
The different camera angle that we've experienced in the first two games where it goes from a higher angle.
Not crazy about it.
You guys were talking about it on the stream.
Have we talked about that yet on the pod?
No, I don't think we did after game one.
They broke it out game one.
I'd never seen it.
I don't remember if it had been on prior.
And then game two, they went back to it.
I was kind of, I tweeted like, did they just try out a new camera angle in game one of the final?
And most of the responses, though, seemed to really like it.
I think people said they should have been doing this a lot longer.
I saw one of those.
I shouldn't say some people.
But I was more, I'm more just like, maybe if I got used to it.
But I'm kind of like, right away, I was taken aback.
In the first game, they went to it.
And Dreisaitl got like a sick backhander on net,
but I almost missed it because it was just surprising.
I don't know.
I think you'd need to give it a little bit more time,
but right off the bat, my initial reaction was,
I don't like this.
It's like a Pasha.
It's like Pasha with his drone.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what it is.
Trying to crash into anyone who...
Yeah, it's like that NFL one that's on the big wires
and it zooms in and out.
That's actually sick.
Yeah, we're just not ready for it.
So when it's that game one, you're like...
Did they show that live?
Did they show plays from that camera?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Even them just having their quarterbacks
run out from the timeout, that thing's sick.
Oh, I guess, yeah.
Now all the ones behind the QB are that camera.
You know what?
Now you say it.
I feel like we don't see that angle.
They used to have the camera right behind the net up high,
particularly on a power play.
I feel like we haven't seen that much at all.
I loved it.
People didn't like it.
You know another thing, QRA, why I loved it is because a lot of the time
from the angle that you normally see, you can't see where they can expose
and where they can pass it to actually get the playoff,
where sometimes, like, for instance, a lot of times, Florida,
where they activate the bumper guy and they get that shot off,
it'll show, to me, the tic-tac-toe better.
And it's just like a nicer view for me.
And the fact that it's like still, the one thing about the high angle,
how they kind of kept going back and forth.
It was more about the fact that it kept moving back and forth.
And you're trying to like readjust your eyes to what you're seeing.
That to me is what I didn't like about the one that you just talked about with.
But like you said, R.A., when they would set that one up behind the net and the power play would be snapping around the ozone for 45 seconds.
I fucking loved it.
Yeah.
You kind of get the goalies perspective as well.
I mean,
it's a little bit higher,
but you kind of can see what he's,
what he's seeing a little bit.
So yeah.
And the fact that if,
and the fact already,
you know,
the shooter,
I've never,
it's like,
you could see on that,
that the guy's right in the lane.
So you wouldn't be yelling.
I might be yelling.
Shoot at the,
at the game three.
We're at,
I might know what that guy, you know we're at. I might be that guy.
You know what always fucks with me with the camera angle?
The regular game camera angle, there's a guy going in to forecheck a defenseman,
and then they popped it down to the guy in the corner to see the hit.
Yeah.
But you can see the guy tracking it on the forecheck.
For people at home watching, watch for this.
As soon as they flip it to the thing, the play's already done.
It's weird.
It's like they went ahead of the they couldn't keep up the camera couldn't
keep up it's the weirdest thing so by the time it shifts to the just the corner angle the future
yeah it's like crazy in my brain i'm watching like oh the guy's gonna four check he's gonna hit him
and then all of a sudden they switch it to the corner camera and then it's like all of a sudden
the play's already gone.
And I'm like, what the fuck happened to those 10 feet?
The guy was crazy.
Watch for it.
It's crazy.
Blows my mind.
I can't believe this series, though.
It's like for everyone out there, it's like Panthers are just going to truck them.
Oilers have no chance.
That's kind of how it's played out.
The Oilers played great, but it's 2-0.
The Panthers stars haven't really
done that much, and
Bobrovsky's just stole it.
It's just exactly what everyone who was
all over the Panthers said would happen. It should be 1-1.
It should be 1-1. Yeah.
I don't think there's a bet
like this that exists. Is
there a bet, R.A., where you could basically say
this series will end in the next three games?
Yeah, I'm sure they're out there.
I mean,
I know Florida to sweep was a 10 to one at the beginning of the series.
Yeah.
So you would just bet both of them.
You bet,
you bet the sweep and you bet for one.
Would it be how you do it?
And you do it now and you'd still be able to get the odds.
No,
you were trying to look for it right now for you.
Rose can find it.
But before the series is,
if you want to bet Florida sweep,
it was a 10 to one. But what are the odds on that? I got it right here for you. Burles can find it, but before the series, if you want to bet Florida to sweep it, it was a 10 to one with the odds on that.
I got it right here for you.
Panthers sweep right now is plus 300.
Panthers four to one plus 240.
That's the,
all the insight I have left,
unless you want to get me on only kills and I'll help you solve your
penalty kill problems on our new website.
So congratulations to a cap friendly,
but we're coming for the bag now.
I'm going to bed.
One last note, we want to congratulate Dallas GM
Jim Dill, one of the Jim Gregory GM
of the Arrowwood for the second straight year.
Great season in Dallas. I know it'll come up a little short, but
congrats to the GM down there.
But yeah, boys, I think that probably wraps it up for tonight.
Any final shit you want to
share before we call it a day and get on
planes? We're coming to Edmonton.
Can't wait.
And we're bringing the thunder.
And this series isn't over.
Biz saying that's all we needed.
The last two rounds, Vancouver was over.
Dallas was over.
Now we got them on the right side again of being wrong.
So we're coming to Edmonton.
I can't wait to be there.
Travel starts tomorrow.
The great white north.
Can't wait to get there. Love days.. The great white north. Can't wait to get there.
Love days.
We'll see you.
Don't forget, too, we'll be doing shows after every game.
So catch you a little later. They say a drunken speech is just sober thoughts.
I like to poke the bear like a stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch.
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
We're on the road again Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell
She had me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She had me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
We've been so on time
Yeah, yeah, yeah
