Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
It's my duty to please the booty.
And Muzz got mad at me. The coach said, he goes, Jesus Christ, why don't you just wear two nines?
And I went, okay.
Stop! I'll switch the car!
Please, please, please never do that.
Yep.
Stop. Please, please, please never do that. Yep. Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode five.
This guy sounds like shit.
Oh, my God.
Sleep at night, buddy.
My friends at New Amsterdam. Mix in the water.
Here on the Boston Sports Podcast.
Feel me?
The boys are here in Edmonton finally.
Not a great game, but a great night for the crew.
What a tough one for Edmonton.
Tough one for you, but I tell you, what a way to start the pod.
Way to break the ice, all right?
Yeah, I know.
We had to start off one way or the other.
We were talking on the way over.
You got to have a guy like R.A. around.
Like, I can get as smothered as possible, but I still fly under the radar
because I wasn't as bad as R.A.
I said it's like the crazy cousin at Thanksgiving.
Look at him again over there.
You just get to just walk and wheeze by with no problems.
But, R.A., you mentioned first off, I just got to talk about Pink Whitney.
I know it was a tough night for the Oilers.
We'll get into the Panthers.
Their fans have every reason to be excited,
but it was a great night for Pink Whitney.. We'll get into the Panthers. Their fans have every reason to be excited, but it was a great night for Pink Whitney.
We had our amazing party at the Ice House.
Pink Whitney shots flying around, people crushing drinks.
So head on over to your local bar.
Make sure to order some Pink Whitney.
And my favorite thing is the 1.75 liter bottle.
That's the big daddy, the big dog to last you longer.
The Panthers and their fans, they might not need it much longer, right?
They got their Pink Whitney stocked up for a
seven-game final series, and it looks like it's
going to be over in four. So, shout out Pink
Whitney. Take your shot with Pink Whitney.
What an ad read by Whit, boys.
Merles, what radar do you think
you're flying under, by the way?
Yours.
No, yeah.
Boys, I don't...
Before we really dive into that game,
I don't like to point fingers and single guys out,
but I think that this one might be on R.A.
The fact that he was talking to his girl from Edmonton, right,
the girl who whipped her tits out,
and my understanding was she was coming to the game,
Tits McGee was going to be representing Chicklets,
not only at the Ice House for our Pink Whitney event,
whipping out the bolt-ons, but also coming to the game, Tits McGee was going to be representing Chicklets, not only at the Ice House for a Pink Whitney event, whipping out the bolt-ons, but also coming to the game
and giving the Oilers that spark that they needed,
and that was everything but what the fuck has happened.
Daniel Plainville came a-calling for her this week.
There will be blood. She had to get to the oil fields, I guess.
Well, apparently we're being told by other sources that you're ghosting her
and that she originally goes to you and now you're mad she's texting you you're not responding so i don't know what's going on what's going on
here um no the stanley cup finals has been taken over by ra's love affair with tits yeah yeah yeah
they asked paul maurice about it and and and ra was like kind of moping around the barn last night
a little bit hey in this well actually this is my favorite part of last night. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. So the first period, we were actually-
Well, you kind of were like-
Well, you were looking at the paintings.
Well, we'll get into the game.
Don't worry.
So we had a, I think Harrison Katz gave it to us, right?
It was this incredible suite above his dad, the owner's suite.
It was called the Summit Club.
The Summit Club.
It was amazing.
We go up there, sushi, food, open bar, incredible.
Way up top, good view of the game.
Then we had four tabletop seats down in the Lodge.
So myself, Biz, Merles, and Pasha were down there filming
and trying to get content in the first period.
And we wanted to go back up at the intermission,
and they were down 1-0, the Oilers were.
So we get back up, and the elevator door opens,
and R.A. is like, what's up, boys?
This seat's unbelievable.
You get perfect for the X's and O's in breaking down the game. I said, all right, why don't you give me
some X's and O's? He couldn't even tell you who scored. And then you were eating your sushi during
the game and looking at the paintings. I'm like, all right, let's go. But you know what? It didn't
matter because the Panthers just owned them. And I guess you knew that the entire time.
I wish I knew that. I would have
bet fucking Florida.
I bet Oilers but it was
with my heart. It was a heart bet.
We all knew Florida was winning
this series. I knew that Florida
was winning that game when they came out.
The Edmonton Oilers, they came out warm up.
60 minute warm up now. That's what you were going nuts about.
The first fucking song they'd gone on is
some Drake remix bullshit.
Are you kidding me?
How are you going to get fired up
for a must win game?
You got fucking,
and I'm not even like the biggest Drake hater,
but the tune they had on,
I don't know how many of you fans
show up early for warm ups.
Send me the name of this track,
but this was just like,
that's fucking with the hockey gods right there
blaring that bullshit.
Come up with a classic or something.
There was no fans even there.
Their fans weren't even there for warm-up.
Remember how empty it was during warm-ups?
Like, what was everybody doing?
Get in there, stand on your feet.
I think that we could probably be open and honest, though.
Is Florida one of the best teams we've seen in 10 years?
Unbelievable.
Are they better than Vegas last year?
They're kind of the same pattern as Vegas a bit.
With a better goalie.
Yeah, with a better goalie.
This team, and I know I talk about the Oilers.
People bitch and whine about this show, the Oilers.
Yeah, they're my team.
I'm one of the hosts of the show.
Shut up.
But I can give credit where credit's due.
This is a different ballgame.
This is a different league.
This is like you're just watching domination.
You're watching, by the way, not even the best effort from some of Florida's stars.
Kachuk's been very quiet.
We had an apple over to Bennett last night.
But, I mean, Verhege's been kind of quiet.
It's just a team effort with this goalie, this frigging goalie Bob,
who what's going to happen is he's got two Veznas.
I believe he's up for it this year, but Hellebuck's going to win it.
But he is up for it, correct?
I think he's top three.
So he's up for it.
So he's got two.
He's up for another one.
He's going to get a consmith when they finish this series out,
and then he's going to be in the Hall of Fame.
So look at what we're dealing with here.
Bill Zito, got to give him props.
Huge props.
The thing is, though, this is a secret.
I thought that the crowd, to your point, would be like the secret weapon.
They need this.
They need to get back in the series.
And to your point, I sense massive nervous energy.
Same here.
I sense they were waiting for something to happen instead of pushing the boys to make
something happen in the barn.
And what a beautiful rink.
What a beautiful setup.
It is a mega church. what a beautiful setup it is a
mega church uh it's unbelievable this is what i think boys i went to the final in what year was
that when they lost to carolina oh six i went to a final game at the old barn and they played this
uh black eyed peas song pump it let's get it no pump it it's unbelievable and it would rock they
would blare it.
It was so loud.
It was their song.
They played it all the time.
They've got to go back to this crazy blue collar, black eyed peas.
Get everyone in the bar.
Blue collar, black eyed peas.
Like they're ringing that on the oil rigs.
No, but that song at the time of the day was.
Was very blue collar.
No, it was very like...
They used to play it at the steel mill to really get the going.
No, it was in Saskatoon on the dance floor.
Fergie was hot back then.
I'm just saying, bring back the old rink vibe with that energy
and that song and that tradition and that feeling
and that not nervous energy that excited crazy,
pump it energy,
I think they start the game with that on game four.
They got to do it.
I don't think they started terribly.
It goes down to the chances that they had,
and it goes back to Bob.
I mean, Connor Brown was the first significant one
that I could think of that was shorthanded.
It was the breakaway.
And he had two.
He had two cracks at it, right?
Who were the other ones in the first period?
I want to say the power play.
Yeah, Leon made that dish through to Connor.
He robbed him on that one.
I think another time Connor went to Leon.
Leon got a one.
Leon put it here on Bob.
Yes, on the one-timer.
And it was just about like, because the Panthers got the first power play,
and the Oilers were able to get the kill.
Yeah, their streak ended in game two.
But all right, let's get the crowd into it.
And I agree.
The anthem's incredible, but it was just, it was nervous. If that series is 1-1 or
somehow it ends up 2-0, we're seeing a different crowd in my opinion. And then they get the power
play. All right, let's get a lead. Let's get this thing going. And Bob was perfect. We watched
actually, Biz, during that power play of the pressure and the sticks. I think it was me, if not both
of us, who chirped Ekblad at the beginning
of the Bruins series. Yeah, he had
a couple bad games.
But I think he's been one of the best players
in the Panthers in this final round. The way he helped close
out that game. He buried Fogle into
the bench last night. Oh, yeah.
At the end of the game, he had the puck on the boards for
20 seconds, I think. They couldn't get it from him.
So he, on that PK, was all over the place.
Same with the forwards up top.
And then finally, after a couple of tornadoes by McDavid, they got chances.
And Bob, there's not even a rebound.
He's sliding over.
We were actually looking at him in warm-up, doing the splits.
His pre-game warm-up routine.
So we actually had our X's and O's vision from the summit clock.
X's and O's. And then summit clock. X's and O's.
And then you could just see him when he's opening up that groin,
how he's able to get his toes out and he points them out,
then he points them in,
and then how he's able to now come up with the strength of his groin
where he doesn't have to really bend his knees.
If his legs are straight, he can use his groin muscles to get himself back up.
That's what he did.
He's like this.
He's a fucking alien.
And he jumped.
So completely lying, balls on the ice, legs dead out right left.
And he just did a little hop, got to here, little hop, got to here.
I was like, what the hell?
Girls, remember that in the final though when we were down there?
You and I were like, oh my God, look at this.
His routine that he does, even in between whistles, TV timeouts,
whatever, during the game, never mind before, it's a ballet act.
It is.
It is a beautiful performance. That's a reason act. It is. It is a beautiful performance.
That's a reason to show up for warm-up is to watch that.
He's just amazing.
All the little arm things he does and the way he dances on his edges.
Oh, yeah.
I love this guy.
I love the way he looks.
I love the way he does it.
It's part preparation, part performance.
If you're there in warm-ups and you've got to watch it, he's that cool to watch.
Art performance.
If you're there in warm-ups and you've got to watch it,
he's that cool to watch.
I think we've said it through every pod,
like how good Florida is at closing and structurally, defensively,
how they suffocate you.
We resort back to the Anaconda staying.
They put the choke hold on you.
Seeing it live, man, I know they have some skilled forwards for the Edmonton Oilers, but the time and space that that team takes away,
that to me is what the most impressive part about them is.
You guys said, are they better than Vegas?
I thought Vegas was better at actually controlling the game
and coming at you with wave and wave and wave.
I feel like when Florida, sometimes when they're not the aggressor,
but they are maybe stuck in their own end,
they're really just not giving up much.
They might get hemmed in a little bit, but as you saw yesterday, the Oilers,
everything was perimeter. And you can tell it's frustrating them, but anytime it gets to the
inside guys, they are locking guys up. They're under control. They are just so strong. They're
heavy. They're long. Like every guy has got a long reach, a long stick. Like you talk about Ekblad,
that Mikla, even though he's not the greatest player, he's long and we're playing him over and
over. It gets annoying could
you ever imagine all of recman larson playing with the meanness and that's that's amazing thing
the mentality that their team has possessed for the last few years but in this playoffs is a total
like you know paul marie says it's a buy-in it's a buy-in from everybody like it i'm seeing guys
everyone's matth Matthew Kachuk.
Everyone is.
And Oliver Ekman-Larsen is a guy that stands out.
Kulikov.
Kulikov.
He's a player.
He was done.
He was done.
Where was he?
He was in Buffalo.
He was in Pittsburgh.
He was nothing.
He went out of the league, back to the KHL,
and now he's running around dominating the cup.
He's a force.
And then we talked about Stenland, who their fourth line,
they've kind of mixed and matched.
I saw he played 81 games this year, so I think he's been real consistent.
But like Oposo's playing right now, and then they got Lorenz playing.
Lorenz.
They had the Lamborghini.
They had Cousins.
They have like five or six guys that can play on their fourth line,
which is so nice to have.
But Stenland, he was in Winnipeg a little bit.
I didn't know anything about him.
And now every PK, he's out there.
He's killing penalties.
He's on the fourth line.
It's like, it's very similar to Vegas.
It's been incredible.
Now, if we want to at least go through like the goals a little bit, like the first period.
Once again, the whole game, I don't think it's as similar to game one where you're like,
Edmonton dominated.
Edmonton deserved to win that game.
Remember, I was going on the Deservo.
Oh, the winner meter.
The Deservo winner meter.
I'm not talking about a game three.
Edmonton played good, but they were on the outside.
The out shooting them and the chances.
Yeah, there were some great A's,
but I just couldn't believe that the first period,
the way it went, the no penalty power play goal for either team.
All right, then it goes four on four.
Who was it?
Was it Kachuk, that penalty at the end of the first period?
Who got that penalty?
Oh, God.
I felt Edmonton had full control.
Kulak and Kachuk.
They both got a roughing.
And remember we said we were hosing.
We go, that's a great tradeoff.
We'll take that.
Yeah, all day.
Take that tradeoff, no doubt.
And what happens?
It goes the other way.
Alexander fucking Barkov oh
my god this guy another strip and he poked it on Boosh just pokes Bouchard then races down the wall
Bouchard's trying to like kind of cut him off tight turn hits Forsling we haven't even brought
up Forsling yet and then Forsling with like a fake shot pass right to Reinhardt beautiful tip
and goal and you got a minute left and it's 1-0 Florida.
What just happened? Oh, a park off happened.
That one minute left when
that happened. End of the period. Back to
the energy in the arena. Silence.
Oh. You couldn't hear.
No one was talking.
Everyone just sitting there.
You could hear R.A. playing with his butthole
in the box. You could literally hear
him picking up. You could hear him reading the artwork.
No, I heard him dipping his sushi in the sauce,
and he's just like,
it's like Barney Rubble.
But from then on, like, okay,
what's going to happen at the intermission?
And Fogle got a big one.
He tied it up.
They were back in the game.
Awesome shot on the breakaway places going bonkers.
And then it was just more like, can they build on
this? It's 1-1, second period.
We now went to sit up top to change
the vibes. No.
Next day, it's 4-1. What the hell just happened?
It was so
quick, and it was just off of mistake
after mistake after mistake.
In fairness to the Oilers,
they didn't make a ton of mistakes.
Every one they did went in the net.
So at some point,
you've got to blame the guys making mistakes
and you've got to say Skinner was not great.
I might have got the stat wrong.
I heard it this morning on Sportsnet.
Tim McAuliffe was doing the game breakdown.
The Panthers had, to the analytics,
58 seconds of possession in the offensive zone
in the second period and scored three goals.
Oh.
What?
Wow.
That's ouchy.
That's a stat, I swear he said.
You're the analytics guy now.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Who are you?
Fucking Pasha's getting in your kitchen too much.
I look under the hood.
I look under the hood.
But you're the new data cast guy.
You've got to get a pair of writer's glasses.
I know.
I've got to get something going.
Hey, so Tarasenko, he gets the one.
Lundell rips it around.
Skinner, I don't know what you're doing.
Turn over.
Bing, bing, in.
Just stay in the net.
I understand you're trying to stop it.
Boom, goes to Listerine and gives Tarasenko.
So they had probably, what, held it for one second there.
Two seconds.
Pops.
The next one, Bennett, nurse.
Boys.
Just gets on his backhand and just chucks it to nobody, nowhere.
Boom, all of a sudden to Chuck Bennett.
They had the puck for one second there.
And then Rodriguez flips a little dish to Barkov and goes in the break.
So, yeah, four seconds total on that.
On just those goals.
Not to kick a guy when he's down, but a little nugget here.
I think it was Reinhardt who assisted on that Barkov goal.
So that was the second point of the game.
That made Darnell Nurse go to minus 16 in this playoff run.
And that ties Sam Reinhardt's father, Paul Reinhardt,
for the record, the worst plus minus in a playoff run.
In the history of a playoff.
In the history of the NHL.
So they're both at minus 16 right now.
I saw Griffin Reinhardt last night.
Shout out to him.
What's the line, if you keep doing something, it's insanity or something?
The definition of insanity is do the same thing over and over,
accepting a different result.
Stop playing that guy on defense.
He's a forward.
He can't play defense.
You see him in the start of the game when he got up in that rush for no reason.
I'm like, what is he doing?
Stay back.
Stay between the dots.
It's not hard to play defense.
You think you would have the balls to
switch Darnell Nurse to forward?
We would 100.
What's a bigger
balls? Putting them on forward
or taking them out of the lineup?
Putting them on forward would have
people in the arena
drinking oil, trying to drink it.
He could just run around.
He'd go and muck it up in front of the blue paint.
He's got the size to go in there, and he is mean.
He's like, they're just not using him correctly at all.
R.A., what did you notice from up above with the X's and O's
when you weren't mucking popcorn on the couch?
I'm not an X's and O's guy.
Well, you said this.
You said it.
You're in the perfect spot.
No, honestly, like Edmonton needed their best game of the season last night,
and it was far from it.
I mean, they made the three mistakes.
Blue shot on the first one, too.
Just a bad giveaway.
You just mentioned Skinner.
See, I call that a takeaway more than a giveaway.
I think nurses is a giveaway.
I feel like Barkov just  yeah, I'm not chirping you.
I'm just saying, like, Bouchard, you don't know when the anaconda strikes.
Or is that a different  is that a python?
No, that's a cobra.
Cobra.
Cobra strikes, yeah.
Well, anaconda's python.
They're all constrictors.
I got ruined online for saying that Barkov is the best overall forward on the planet right now.
He's the best overall on the planet.
You remember Keith Yandel four or five years ago?
Yeah, he said that.
He goes, he's the best player in the world.
I'm like, David Matthews.
He's like, no, no, no, no.
I'm talking everything.
I said every part of the game, nobody's better
than him. And I was like, I don't know.
And sure as shit now, it's hard
to argue it. It's hard to argue.
Now, McDavid and Leon, they don't have the cast
that he has, but
it doesn't look like he needs that much.
He's so good defensively that even
if he wasn't scoring, and there was a quote by
Paul Maurice after the game where
he said, there have been numerous nights this year where he had no points
and he was easily the best player on the list.
Yeah, there you go.
So it's like your head coach is saying basically when you produce,
it lights out better than everyone else.
And even when you don't produce, you're that much better than people.
You've got to give them credit.
Hey, let's not forget, and we don't want to be a biased podcast.
I didn't think it was suspension worthy.
Dreisaitl got him on the elbow right to the chops.
And that was something that Marshawn got.
And he was out for a few games.
So not only does he not sit out and take a day off,
he fucking gets in the lineup and once again, other than Bob,
probably the best player on the ice.
And I don't know, I guess the debate now, considering this one's over,
I knew it was over.
I felt that way before the series
and then talking to so many people, I
kind of gained more and more and more confidence
in Edmonton, but this one's over.
Who's getting the consmith?
Witts thinks it's Bob.
I think it's Bob by
no matter what. We had Migs on Game Notes
before the series and he called Bob.
He's like, put everything you have on me. It was 5-1
plus 500 odds on
DraftKings Sportsbook.
It's his. He probably would have
won it last year if they won the Cup.
I think if you gave it to Barkov,
nobody's complaining. It's just been some
of the games Bob's had, especially with
games 1 and 3 in the finals. It makes
total sense. This is
big head hockey. Barkov this postseason.
21 points in 20 games.
He's fourth in the NHL in points.
He's leading the NHL in game-winning goals.
Another one in game three once the little comeback happened.
Plus 12 takeaway differential.
In 44 minutes of penalty kill time, the Panthers have scored two goals
and allowed two goals with Barkov on the ice.
That also doesn't even include that five-on-five with him on the ice,
Kucherov didn't score. Pasta had one, Panarin didn't score,
and Dreisaitl and Conner haven't scored.
So you're getting shirt for that.
It wasn't Panarin in the mix there or a bunch of those guys as well?
Panarin got nothing.
That's what I'm saying.
Or did you say Panarin?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
He is the Anaconda chokehold.
Did I just completely miss you saying Panarin? Yeah. Oh, okay. He is the Anaconda chokehold. Did I just completely miss you, Sam Panera?
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
I got R.A. Brant.
He plays the two-way game as part of it.
I don't understand these people blowing you up online.
Yeah.
I can't think of anybody.
Like, yeah, Sid, of course, but Sid is getting down and he's getting older.
He just looks so fast.
He's big.
He's got the reach.
He's strong.
He's the best forward.
What's impressive, too, is that he's been the reach he's strong he is what's impressive too is
he's been out there for 45 and he kind of keeps the same cadence and if there's a time he needs
a burst late in the shift when he kind of turns it on he goes he has that pop you're like has he
had that before he looks like different with it with that like his pop when he got the dish from
rodriguez yes for the breakaway he didn't need to. Two quick ones and you're like, whoa.
He looks different.
Yeah, we talked about that.
He's got a jump and a step this year.
I don't know if because he was hurt last year.
You know what he looks like?
He was hurt last year, right?
He looks like he's a champion.
Yeah, he does.
He looks like he's a champion.
He's ready to be a champion.
He's playing like a champion.
Another amazing stat from last night.
R.A., you'll appreciate this. In terms of a team
that's just controlling the pace of play and knows exactly what they want to do,
the Florida Panthers forwards last night averaged 45-second shifts. The Oilers were right around a
minute. So that's when you know that it's quick changes. It's keeping momentum. It's not getting
tied down in your own zone. And on the other side, Edmonton, those are long shifts. It's keeping momentum. It's not getting tied down in your own zone. And on the other side, it's Edmonton.
Those are long shifts. That's because you're stuck in
your defensive zone. You can't get out.
And Florida's able to change lines while they have
possession. And then, yeah, as
much as I wanted to believe the Oilers had a chance
in this series, it kind of seems
like game one was their game to
make it interesting. And if they get that, no matter
what, it's 1-1
last night, right? And then it's 2-1
even if they lose last night, so
that game one loss will probably
turn out to be the most crushing one.
Edmonton 0-3 in the power play,
0-10 in the series so far. We do have
Ken Reed coming on in a second, but first we have some
words from our friends at NetSuite.
Quick math. Jesus
Christ. Hey guys, sorry.
Holy. The darts.
The less you have, the less your business spends on operations, on multiple systems,
on delivering your product or service, the more margin you have and the more money you
help, you keep.
NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system bringing account and financial management,
inventory, HR into one platform, into one source of truth.
With NetSuite, you reduce IT costs
because NetSuite lives in the cloud
with no hardware required, accessed from anywhere.
You cut the cost of maintaining multiple systems
because you've got one unified business management suite.
You improve efficiency
by bringing all your major business processes
into one platform, slashing manual tasks and errors.
Over 37,000 companies have already made the move.
So do the math.
See how you'll profit with NetSuite.
By popular demand, NetSuite has extended its one-of-a-kind
flexible finance program for a few more weeks.
Head to netsuite.com slash chicklets.
That's netsuite.com slash chicklets.
One more time for the folks out in Western Canada,
netsuite.com slash chicklets.
And we'd like to welcome to the program our friend Ken Reed.
How are we doing, my friend?
What a fucking read by our angel.
Holy shit.
We're also in the business for a throat lozenger company.
If there's any out there, please come our way.
Ricola.
Ricola.
I got one question.
What the Christ is HR?
I've never heard of HR.
You don't want to know.
Trust me. I thought I was listening to James Earl Jones there.
After about a two-week bend of me.
Well, we have to have Army bring you in.
Pictou County's own Nova Scotia legend, absolute sports god,
loves hockey, loves old-time hockey, loves teapot, his idol growing up.
Shout-out to teapot back in picto county on the lobster
boats kenny motherfucking reed sportsnet fame ken and avanka of course we know as a tandem
has brought it to us across canada doing sports for years and years and years just an amazing guy
a great colleague thanks buddy unbelievable and great And great friend. Love you, Kenny.
Love you too, Jeremy.
Welcome, Kenny Reed.
Thanks.
Good to be here.
That's a long way of saying nerd.
Oh, I forgot to say huge hockey card collector.
Geek.
Geek.
House plant.
Never left the house in high school.
Sat in a room with my hockey cards.
Kenny Reed goes to card shows and he sends me a hockey, like a baseball guy.
His name's like Dick Bush.
That's your group.
I have
a good collection. I have Dick Sizzler.
I have Rusty Koontz.
Yeah, I got an autographed Rusty Koontz.
I got Dick Kalmas.
Oh, my
all-time favorite though, and you guys
would know this, Dick Pohl, former Boston
Red Sox.
Keep going.
Brent Sautter's calling Dick Pohl. Keep going. Yeah.
Keep going.
Look at Army.
Brent Sutter's calling you right now.
Throw him on the pod.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
What a big deal, eh?
He's scared.
He's like, get in the gym, Army.
Better not be talking shit with Ken Reed on there.
You don't even go airplane mode, eh?
You're big time.
Yeah.
Exactly.
That's awesome.
Are you supposed to go airplane mode?
What's that?
Are you supposed to?
Is that the professional thing?
That's what they tell me when they get on the plane.
Oh, yeah.
I leave my phone on during the shows just so I can answer your text.
Yeah, I know.
So you're from Nova Scotia?
Yeah.
Pictou County.
You guys remember Colin White, New Jersey Devils, big tough guy?
Yeah.
Defenseman, that's Colin's hometown.
And going way back, Lowell McDonald for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Masters and Trophy winner.
Johnny Sim, Derek Walser, Joey McDonald,
the great Troy Gamble of the Vancouver Canucks.
And Plummy Rice, who was drafted in 1968 by the Boston Bruins
but never made the NHL, so there you go.
Plummy Rice.
And the greatest player ever to come out, Teapot.
Teapot.
Who is Teapot?
Okay, that is a complicated question.
Teapot is the Marlboro Man of the ocean.
He's the greatest lobster fisherman you've ever seen. He's the greatest lobster fisherman you've ever seen.
He's the greatest golfer you've ever seen, greatest tennis player,
greatest darts player, and by all accounts, money player on the ice.
So when you're eight years old and your parents move into town from the country
and you love Wayne Gretzky and you love Gila Fleur,
and then your dad's drinking a beer on the couch and your mom's going out
and you go, Dad, can I go to that Junior C game down the hill?
Because we live by the rink.
And dad's like, yeah, go ahead.
You go down, you walk into this rink.
There's not a Zamboni.
It's a tractor with a thing on the back of it.
You know, the tractor.
There's cigarette smoke everywhere.
There's booze everywhere.
Dad's only rule was don't go down to the far end.
That's where they say no to drugs.
So you'd go and if the game was tied 2-2,
out would step T.
T doesn't lift his legs when he skates.
It's just like this.
Exactly.
It's a confident stride.
That's his shot right there.
Fastest shot you've ever seen.
He was the Dreisleiter, or at least before Dreisleiter.
He's known as the sweet one.
Four-time Nova Scotia Junior SEA champion,
83 to 86, money player, legend. The only guy who the sweet one. Four-time Nova Scotia Junior Champion, 83-86.
Money player legend.
The only guy who could go head-to-head with him in a
mustache sprint competition is sitting
right there. You think I can grow one fast, eh?
This came in pretty fast.
You might have something to do with you just playing.
I might just be pulling it out.
He's abusing the show. I lick it, I spit on it.
It's my little whore. I would dare
probably garner the teapots and never touch his own mustache.
Yeah.
He doesn't need to give it to French tourists.
This guy sounds like a mythical legend.
Oh, he is.
For American listeners listening right now, what's Nova Scotia like?
How would you describe Nova Scotia to an American?
Saskatchewan with water.
Like just all around beauty people.
Awesome people.
I love that.
It is.
Yeah, it is.
That's why Colby and I get along so well.
It's kind of like down the coast in Mass.
You know, it's lobster fishermen.
A lot of people are freaks there.
Yeah, okay.
Maybe like Maine or something.
Yeah, yeah.
We don't have Mass holes.
People are really nice.
And it's a cool spot.
Everybody loves hockey.
And it's like my brother says.
My brother, shout out Peter Anthony, Canadian stand-up comic.
And by that, I mean he has his own lease.
If you can have your own lease in Canadian stand-up comedy, you're a success.
But he always says, people down there are so nice.
They ask you, how's it going?
So they can tell other people how it's going.
They were like, how you doing, R.A.?
And you'd be like, oh, I just got back and I put my back up.
Hungover.
Yeah.
And then they'd be like, I ran into R.A.
Why is he ever goddamn hungover?
So it's just gossip.
But it's a lot of fun.
We love our hockey.
And, you know, we're just regular people.
So, Kenny, I saw you put a post up, like, Nova Scotia Oilers or Cape Breton Oilers.
Sorry, I believe it's a Dennis Bonvey era.
I saw those shirts yesterday.
Yeah, sweet.
A bunch of people have them.
Torrance had one on, Nova Scotia Oilers, right?
Yeah.
JT.
Yeah, I think it was a group of guys who came in on, like, a boys trip.
Yeah, Tony came in with his Cape Breton Oilers shirt on.
Was that the old farm team?
Yeah, so in 84, the Nova Scotia Voyagers left for Sherbrooke.
The goddamn Maine Mariners, ARA.
Screw them.
So the Oilers moved their farm team to Halifax.
They were the Nova Scotia Oilers for a couple years.
Then they moved to Cape Breton, and they became the Cape Breton Oilers.
So imagine being in Edmonton and calling up some guy for Cape Breton,
like in 1987.
It would have taken 14 days to get here.
That's why they invented the train system here.
Yeah, and did you guys ever been to the Bottom Line in Toronto?
It's a good sports bar.
Wayne Calley, won NHL game, Calder Cup champion with the Cape Breton Oilers.
And he's out here.
He's running around.
Really?
Yeah, but Dennis Bollingby played there. Whose games did you call there? Was that them? No. Because you's out here. He's running around. Really? Yeah, but Dennis Blondie played there. Whose games
did you call there? Was that them?
No. You did some play-by-play action. I called
the Maritime Junior A Hockey League.
It was awesome. Blondie played in that for
the Antigonish Bulldogs. Antigonish?
I heard they were Antigonish. He still
does a charity golf tournament there every summer.
I'm supposed to go, except I'm doing this.
Yeah, Blondie and Craig McDonald.
Yeah, so Blondie came out of there, and he said by the time he got to North Bay,
he couldn't cross over both ways, so they had to work on it.
His little brother, Herbie Bombie, played for Antigonish.
I once did a bench brawl.
It was the Dartmouth-Olin Exports against the Antigonish Bulldogs,
and there was this guy.
He was a tough guy named Ben Metzger.
They brought him in.
He played a few games with Holland.
He started beating up a dude, and the dude goes into convulsions,
and he keeps beating him until his own teammate drags him off.
So, yeah, I was channel 10.
I was doing the games on channel 10.
How do we segue into that one?
Yeah.
Well, the stick fight the next night, that kind of took care of that.
Before we dive, we obviously want to dive into your career a little bit.
Before we get there, we're in Edmonton Cup Finals.
What have been your thoughts on the series so far?
Obviously, down 3-0.
I don't think I'll really be able to put things into perspective
until after I see Shania Twain tomorrow.
Then I'm going to get the wits about me.
But, look, they finally figured it out in the third period.
Throw the puck at the net.
I don't care how hard it goes.
Like, it's so basic.
Sifter.
That's what I've been saying.
You've got to sift one in there but there's like they're blocking everything
they are but they're blocking the big wind-ups right yeah you just got to find the lanes you
know the mcleod goal yes got it took didn't even take a half step and bank just yeah
i couldn't believe fogel beat him on a breakaway. He's that good.
But, yeah, just throw it at the net.
Everybody likes Michelin star, but how did Wayne Armstrong,
how does he get through every day to be the success that he is?
Meat and potatoes.
Meat and potatoes.
Just play meat and potatoes.
Doesn't mess around.
Throw it at the net.
Well, remember the second period at one point,
Bouchard got a little space and he walked to the middle, and he did.
He wound up for the cannon, which he has a rocket, it it makes sense but you're just saying maybe just sift it just like
who gets it on the McLeod one just gets it Bing just how's nothing it was just get it into the
mixer get some chaos how about make it difficult they actually got a rebound or a second and third
chances in the third period for once that was the first time they got a rebound in the three games
yes and it gets them running around a little bit too, right?
It does.
Because the rebounds are unpredictable.
All of a sudden, you're pouncing on those.
You're creating those second and third opportunities.
When you're creating that chaos, that's when things might break down.
And those lanes that they haven't been finding all series long might open.
How about the confidence, though, on Bobrovsky when he's Bouchard's on the slot?
And it comes out like he's Bernie Perrant in 1976.
I was watching it with Luke
Gasek. We were like, this is awesome.
That just reeks of confidence.
He also knows that as far out as he comes,
if you do take that step after a fake,
he's so good side to side. Even though he's
far out, he'll still get over and take away the next
angle, but it's been wild.
Have you ever watched his pregame?
I heard it was, one of the guys was was sitting said it started in warm-up in
the morning like he got out there but no I have not watched it. Okay. Yeah does he
get into it? Oh just like that pregame like in the 60 minutes. He's an artist.
He looks like what are the people in Vegas that fly around? Cirque du Soleil.
He looks like a Cirque du Soleil. Flying Elvis. Utah champ. There we go.
Cirque du Soleil.
Cirque du Soleil is off the highway in Toronto.
How many women are jamming their boxes right now to me saying Cirque du Soleil?
You have quite a unique French accent.
Is that well in French?
I cut you off.
What were you going to ask?
Oh, right before I hopped in.
Oh, no.
Did you think Florida would win the series?
What was your thoughts going in?
I thought the same thing as everybody else
long, and I thought Edmonton power play
and Skinner being decent equals
possible Edmonton success. Yeah, I thought at least six games.
For sure. And if they score a
power play goal last night, it's 4-4, right?
But it's just...
I don't know if they have a
unit 2 or a unit B. No, they don't. Yeah. So what do you do? You can't know if they have a B, a unit two or a unit B.
No, they don't.
Yeah.
So what do you do?
You can't just run these guys into the ground.
Like Hyman, like they can't even get.
Is he here?
Is he in this?
Yeah, exactly.
I think there was one guy right here who's a legitimate power play guy in the NHL.
What do you make of McDavid before the game saying they were going to go a little bit more freelance?
I love it because that's what we had talked about.
We had said that obviously Florida's figured out something
with all the video they watched and what they were able to see in game one.
And then McDavid said it best, like, we just got to go back free-flowing,
flying all over the ice, no structure.
And there were moments of that.
Like, he went around the net a couple times, which he does quite often,
but that's when you saw the Leon chance and then Leon
to him with what looked like it could have been a tap-in
in both times. It doesn't matter how
good your power play becomes
if the goalie's that incredible that you're shooting
against. Are you guys, like who played,
are you content if you're Florida killing off
those Edmonton penalties to just see Edmonton
just whipping around on the outside and all the puck position
nerd, the analytics geeks.
Oh, look at the puck position.
He's a data cast nerd now.
What do you want to know?
We're not talking anymore.
We got wrench sizes and everything.
Yeah, it looks good.
But come on, you got to get to the front of the net.
You got to.
You got to get to the front.
And then even a clip from game two when McDavid,
it wasn't power play, it was 5-on-5,
but he tight turned and went down behind the net,
went back up, and it looks great.
But Florida's looking at that like, no problem.
You can look amazing and skate by guys, but if you're just on the outside,
we don't care.
You remember, I think it was last year in Florida,
they started putting Barkov up on the top.
Do that.
Move Bouchard down to the Stamkos Ovechkin spot.
Have Dreisaitl be the top guy.
You've got to change something.
You've got to get something going.
Put Hyman on top.
Hey, how about this one, Merle?
Put Nurse in that front.
I don't mind it.
I want Nurse in the other team's blue paint.
I don't want him anywhere near our blue paint.
I could see that working.
I was going to ask you, how did you get into broadcasting?
Why did you want to do all that?
Again, going back to being a nerd,
it's like I realized I wasn't going to be a hockey player
when I was cut from the Novice One team in 19, probably 81.
I went home sobbing, and my old man's like,
what's wrong with you, boy?
Because he's a classic 80s dad.
He didn't go to the frigging tryout and watch.
He was a doctor.
He had beer to drink on a Saturday afternoon.
So I said, oh, I didn't make the Novice One.
That means if I can't make Novice One and picked i'm not going to make the nhl and there
was a game on tv he's like so you got to figure out something else to do i was like yeah he goes
the guy's talking about the game they get in for free light bulb which really yeah light bulb it
was awesome i'm like i think i want to do this and i went through brief times where i'm like well
maybe i should be a physiotherapist because my dad is a doctor, but that was grade five. And I was like, already a bad student. And you still couldn't read. Yeah,
exactly. Like, so the, like RA was ahead of me in the class standings. So there was a thing where,
where my dad, we were small town, 4,000 people. There's four doctors. It's my dad and his three
college buddies. They all have kids at the same time. All the other kids are great students.
And then there's Kenny Reed. And my father would like, you just don't understand you have academic
potential. What's wrong with you? I go, there's nothing wrong. I don't care. I want to go into
broadcasting. I don't have to be smart. So I drove dad nuts, carved a career path out by starting at
Channel 10 in Dartmouth. Then I went to Calgary where I started as a morning writer.
10 an hour, which is half the gross domestic product of Cape Breton Island.
So that was depressing.
Did that for three months.
Got bumped up to full-time writer.
RA, you'll like this.
24.5 a year.
You guys know what the first thing I did with 24.5 was?
What a guy.
Go and lease the 1999 Pontiac Sunfire baby.
Oh, baby.
Here I go again.
You know what happened
in the back of that car?
Nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
So then I got bumped up to
videographer in Calgary. Eventually
he's not much to
look at, but let's throw him in front of the camera.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Look at that beady-eyed guy.
You know what would make him even better?
If he had a skin disorder that made him extremely white.
Oh, that's awesome.
He's got vitiligo, too.
He's glowing.
It's less unlighting.
Yeah, exactly.
So, weekend sports guy to weeknight.
Calgary to Ottawa to Edmonton to Toronto, where I worked for NHL Network,
freelance for TSN and CP24 and then
13 years ago uh Sportsnet and then fell in love with Colby a few years later and it's been gold
ever since did you guys first work together on some of those Monday nighters that you do or was
it oh no he he got called in for a couple where he was hosting it with him and I and it was like
he'd come in out of the call like they gave him the Kenny we need you to host the show you're working with Colby tonight and I'm like oh shit here comes
Kenny with his crazy suit he comes in he's like I can't believe I get to do hockey yeah this is
gonna be great and I'm like what's he gonna say what's he gonna do I don't know what's gonna
happen they give Kenny like a rundown of what's gonna happen Kenny like throws a rundown on the
desk he's like let's just talk about hockey exactly let's just talk and see that's the magic
of this just talking so I don't get to work with colby much but we did a hit in the
playoffs and what did you say don't get too stupid when i sat down beside just like yeah no problem
yeah because i know you're gonna go like talking about my dad yeah exactly colby and i hit it off
when he sent me a meme of this wrestler and i we i kept watching it for like three days laughing
my ass off at it and and then I got a thing from work.
It's like, you're over your data.
You've incurred a bill of 382.
And I was like, Ivanka, what the hell's going on?
From an undertaker.
She's like, are you on Wi-Fi?
I'm like, what the hell's Wi-Fi?
I had no idea.
Yeah, Colby and I have an independent wrestler to thank for our bluffing.
So obviously you had a massive love for hockey.
Didn't you end up writing a book of all the best stories? 50 books. wrestler to thank for our bluffing really so um obviously you had a massive love for hockey didn't
you end up writing a book of all the best stories 50 books yeah was it like all the best stories
you've heard uh throughout the so so yeah i uh i wrote a book on hockey cards and then i wrote a
book i i have i like to think i have immense respect for the game like murals how many games
did you play in the league nhl 61 games that's amazing to's amazing to me. Thanks for bringing that up. You're welcome.
So I wrote a book.
I wrote a couple books on hockey cards,
and then I wrote a book called One Night Only
about guys who played a single NHL game.
And I always, I have a dream of playing it.
All right, how cool would it be?
One game.
Oh, that's it.
It's been with the Cup 50.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But to actually contribute to it would be even cooler.
So I went at it from a point of respect,
so I contacted all these guys who played a single NHL game,
and I wanted to know, was it a dream come true,
or was it just like, feel the dreams, you know, Moonlight Graham.
So I did that, and then I did a book with another mustache beauty,
Dennis Marouk.
I did one with Eddie, well, Eddie Shaq, you guys remember.
We had to edit out like seven minutes.
Oh, my God.
He is his old school.
He is a machine.
That was in Philadelphia, right?
I'll never forget that.
Oh, my God.
Kenny, I'm at studio.
Kenny goes, hey, you want to come for lunch with Shaq?
Yeah.
I said, okay.
So we went to like Shaq's little sandwich shop in his neighborhood.
And as soon as I came in there, it was like, I was like.
Straight out of a slop shop.
It was unreal.
Colby's like, I think he thinks I still
play for them. What you guys got to do on the
power play?
Armie's like, I'm retired.
Hold on. Before we continue, though, I'm sorry to mix
in this ad, but we got to get our ads in.
And I'll tell you right now, Dove Men
Plus Care is where it's at.
Dove Men Plus Care whole body deodorant
gives me odor protection and
keeps me smelling good everywhere all day.
It's suitable to use on my whole body from pits to privates to feet.
No more compromising between all day odor protection and caring for skin anywhere on my body, even my most private parts.
The new Dove Men Plus Care Whole Body Deodorant fits easily into my morning routine and now I will not go without it.
Aluminum free with a formulation that keeps my skin feeling great,
and it cares for my skin with a non-irritant formula
and is infused with vitamin E.
So pick up Dove Men Plus Care Whole Body Deodorant
at Walmart or Target right now.
So sorry to interrupt you there, Kenny.
You smell a lot better. I noticed it.
Since you hopped in for an ad read, we will be at Greta tonight.
It's a bar in town.
Saw that on Twitter.
Hey, are you a big bubble hockey guy?
You can't really get pucks in deep.
He can announce the game.
Oh, I can do play-by-play.
Huge pucks in deep guy.
Here's the stubby guy to the skinny guy.
Wait, no, that was Nintendo hockey.
So me, Merle, and G, and anybody else, hopefully you're there too, R.A.
We're going to be at Greta Bar in Edmonton tonight, 9 o'clock.
It's around 10, 30, 11.
We'll be playing bubble hockey.
Bring your cash.
I think they have two tables there.
So shout out to Casey and staff.
Obviously plenty of Pink Whitney flowing.
And I guess back over to you.
Where were we?
So, yeah, Eddie Shaq.
Oh, yeah.
You thought you had to edit a lot out of the interview.
Think of the book.
I was like, no, Eddie, we can't put that in there.
And then Eddie was funny because he just had certain stories he wanted to tell.
And, you know, if you're writing a biography with a guy, it was a coffee table book.
It was supposed to be a biography, but then I'm like, let's, you know,
Eddie only wants so many stories in there, so let's make it a coffee table book.
So I decided to do a little research on Eddie, and I'm like, well, that's kind of cool.
That would make a good story for the book.
So next interview, I bring this topic up with Eddie.
I'm like, Eddie, you uh tell me a little
bit about the time you got in your dune buggy and you got all juiced up and you went on a high
speed chase with the cops on uh Yonge Street in Toronto no I want to talk about that one
every 10 stories he told you you had to write about one of them yeah yeah don't remember that
and uh so yeah to go full circle I wrote a my last book was called I they put my face on the cover, which I don't know if I've increased sales.
That was called Ken Reed's Hometown Hockey Heroes based on teapot.
So I kind of  I was thinking of a book idea,
and I always say be yourself and write what you know.
So I'm not going to write a book about analytics or upper body strength.
I know small towns.
I know when I was a kid, my heroes
Big wrenches?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, bottom five, all right.
So I was like, I loved Gila Fleur.
I love Wayne Gretzky, but just as much, I love the sweet one.
I love Teapot.
So I go home, and guys still talk about him.
You've seen the picture of him with the lobsters.
I think we got a picture of him if we could throw it up, too.
Yeah, and it says legend on it.
And so I'm like, I think i want to write about t and then i thought every town in canada
must have a guy that was like the hero of the local senior team or the hero of the juvenile
team or wayne armstrong on the lloyd minster border kings oh yeah and i threw it out on twitter
and honest to god i was like for the like twitter be used for good. That's what I learned.
People were just going, you gotta do a story on
Bruce Campbell and you gotta do a story
on this guy. Oh, sending in people to do it on him.
Yeah, like Bruce Campbell would go for a warm-up
in Glace Bay and the crowd would love it.
And your Admiral in Charlestown.
Yeah, and one of the coolest stories I got to do
like, I'm
obsessed with Newfoundland Senior
Hawk. Oh my God. That's a senior. to do. I'm obsessed with Newfoundland Senior Hockey.
That's a senior.
Special people.
The best. And the Newfoundland Senior League, that requires its own book.
The legends that have gone through there.
And Terry Ryan was saying,
you've got to do Robbie Forbes.
I'm like, I'll do Robbie Forbes. It's Sid's uncle.
Sid's uncle, yeah.
I guess he was like an unbelievable player.
Not a very big guy,
but I guess like
unbelievable player.
Unreal.
So it was easy.
So I know Robbie.
So I call him up
and he's laughing.
And I remember interviewing outside.
I had my kid at a hockey school
and my kid had left.
He was just leaving.
He's like,
see you, Dad.
I'm like,
don't suck out there.
If you come back
and then I yell at him
for 15 minutes
and then I get out
of the interview.
Shut up.
I'm that kind of a hockey dad.
No, I'm the best hockey dad ever.
So interview Robbie.
And so Robbie's story was, it's incredible.
So he grows up in Nova Scotia.
He goes away and plays in the Q in Laval for like 16 games.
And one of his teammates is Mario Lemieux.
Makes his way back to Halifax where he leads the Metro Valley Junior A League in scoring.
Goes to UNB for a year.
And his plan is, okay, I'm going to play at UNB for a year,
and then I'm going to go give the pros a chance.
So St. Louis Blues want to bring him in.
Doesn't really work out.
Goes back to Halifax and gets a tryout for the Nova Scotia Oilers.
Okay?
So Robbie's probably 170 pounds.
He literally has the Gretzky Jofa on.
He's buzzing out around there.
And everything kind of looks at him like,
this guy's really good, but we kind of already have a guy that does that.
So they cut him.
I think they brought in a guy named Max Middendorf on the roster instead of Robbie.
So he's like, well, what do I do?
So he has a friend who's playing in the Newfoundland Senior League.
You want to go to Newfoundland?
Well, I could go to the IHL too.
Well, guess what pays way more than the IHL, the Newfoundland Senior League?
He goes to Cornerbrook, Newfoundland, lives not above a bar, below a bar with four buddies.
He starts lighting it up.
He's coming home at night.
There's moose meat on his doorstep because people are like, hey, have some moose meat.
They're taking care of him.
They're taking care of him.
The year before, the Cornerbrook Royals had lost the Allen Cup,
which for our American friends is the Canadian senior title.
Oldest trophy in hockey.
Yeah, it's right there.
In the back of the day, it was the second best trophy behind the Stanley Cup.
And they'd lost the final in Thunder Bay to seven.
They'd won three games in Thunder Bay, came home,
and lost four in a row in Cornerbrook.
No.
Yeah.
Is that a sign for the oil?
Absolute heartbreak.
Yeah, yeah. No. Yeah. Is that a sign for the oil? Absolute heartbreak. Yeah, yeah.
There you go.
So Robbie starts lighting it up for Cornerbrook Royals,
leads the league in scoring.
They win the Allen Cup.
They're the toast of Newfoundland.
Plays for another year or two there.
If you look at his numbers on HockeyDB, they're insane.
Goes to Holland, lights it up, ends up playing for the Bedford Blues.
And I'm like, I wonder what he looked like when he played.
So I go on YouTube and there's video of the Corner Brook Royals from like 1985 or 86.
And it's a game.
And I'm like, well, how am I going to tell who Robbie Forbes is from looking at this?
It's all grainy and shitty.
Yeah, there's no play-by-play.
And I'm like, oh, my God, that's Robbie Forbes.
If you look at it, you're like, why is Sidney Crosby playing in the Newfoundland Senior League in 1985?
No way.
You know how Sid's got the bottom hand right high on the stick skates with the legs wide always going
whack in the backhand that was robbie just looked like him same so robbie was kind enough to be a
part of the book yeah so we did stories of guys from every province and just guys that just
they could have made it at a different in... Right, maybe they could have made it,
but maybe they made it to where they were supposed to be
to make the impact on the town.
Because people are still thinking about these guys
who none of us ever heard of,
but they're hockey heroes to people in small towns across Canada.
Yeah, to their communities.
Right, right.
So we all know Wayne and Sid and Mario,
but to a lot of people, these guys are just as special so for me I'm like
there's more than one teapot? There's only one teapot
but every town has its own kind of legend
Was that your most best selling book that you did?
I think so yeah
I'd love to read that
I'll get you one
You read his opening about why he's writing
the book about teapot and the way he describes
his love of teapot is the
way that we love all
love hockey like when i was reading i'm like that's how i love it yeah that's how i fell in
love with the game i go to saskatoon blades games i thought it was the nhl i'd never been to an i
didn't know it's saskatoon you know it's like and everyone from towns all over the place are like
that but all these guys too the lore of a lot of these guys is like they were the king of the
hockey team plus they like dominated like their slow pitch league yes then they were like the curling legend and then
they were also totally go down to the bar and knock someone out and pillage everybody at the
pool table yeah teapot was the best fast pitch player in picto you know that was big in picto
third base dave kelly was his pitcher Teapot's down at third with his mustache. I'm not Dave Kelly. I'm you. I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you. I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
I'm you.
Boom.
Pitch strike.
Then T goes up and hits a home run.
I'm home like 10 years ago.
The boys are like, you want to come downtown and play on T's team?
I'm like, do I?
So Teapot, all he does is hit home runs.
I suit up.
Teapot.
Single.
Teapot.
Single.
Teapot.
He'd adapt his game.
Single.
He adapted his game.
And the boys are like, he doesn't go deep anymore.
He goes, he just hit singles.
I go, teachy-ro.
Just like that.
Yeah, I was just going to say,
he went from McGuire to each hero.
Teach, teachy-ro.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, these guys were amazing to their towns.
They're still heroes in their towns.
And remember the story,
and like you said, Colby,
like these guys played because they loved it.
They didn't make any money.
And remember that Cliff D. Shane story, the kid from Manitoba?
He died when he was 22.
He played for OCN up north in Manitoba.
And his dad, who just passed, told me about his son.
And he's like, I'll never forget.
He's skating up the ice, and he just got whacked in the teeth.
Spits his chiclets out, looks up at his dad.
There's blood everywhere, and he just smiled.
And he's like,
I'm a hockey player now.
To me, that's why I love the game.
Going back to the story,
it's Rob, Sid's uncle?
Yeah, Robbie, yeah.
Did he, like, was he instrumental
in helping Sid learn a lot of what he does?
Like, was that, is that known?
Maybe, yeah, but like,
it's just genetics, I guess, right?
No shit, eh?
It's genetic and just loving the game
and working hard.
Like, when I was in the Maritime League doing play-by-play,
Sid's cousins were playing in that league, Robbie and Darren Sutherland,
and they were just awesome players, and everybody knew who they were.
And then I remember going to Calgary, and the Max Tournament came around
and hearing about this Crosby kid, and it was just, you know.
So he was  and that's a guy a guy too that just loves the game he was
probably watching channel 10 back in the day and like i know he loves his teapot everybody loves
teapot you meet the sweet one you'll fall in love do you get to talk to a mckinnon at all i mean
he's another nova scotia yeah you're yeah i saw him at the all-star game so nova scotia mafia you
know we're all related anyways you know right so And, like, that's the beauty of the game back home.
Like, that's such a Nova Scotia thing.
That area is just the best people.
Yeah.
It's awesome.
I went out for Sid's cup party.
Were we at one or two?
And you were there with your teapot shirt on.
We were at all of them, I bet.
Oh, it was unreal.
I wore the teapot shirt at that cup party.
It was great.
Yeah, that was amazing.
Just ripping up with Kenny, but everyone's so friendly and nice.
His aunt?
Who's his aunt?
His aunt.
He's the best.
All his aunts.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they're beautiful people.
And people are always like,
what are the players like from Nova Scotia?
I'm like, they're Nova Scotia guys
who are just the best hockey players in the world.
It doesn't affect their attitude.
Yeah, that's what it is.
Great guys.
Were you like a Leafs fan growing up?
Canadians?
I feel like you're one or the other, right?
I was a massive Habs fan.
Okay.
Remember, I'm a lonely teenager.
It's all I have.
I would watch the games in my Canadians jogging pants, Canadians hoodie.
And it's funny, you know, we're out last night after the game,
and we're having a couple sodas, and Ron's there, and Kelly's there.
And I remember the first time I met Ron McLean.
The Habs make the Stanley Cup final in 1993.
Game one's coming up.
My buddy Sandy McKay goes,
you want to get in my van?
We'll get a few other guys.
We'll drive up.
We'll go to game one.
Sure.
So we do the 14-hour drive.
Buy scalper tickets.
Guess how much a scalper ticket was game one?
100.
100.
Bang on.
And I go down before the game,
and I got my program, right,
and I got my Sharpie,
and I go take a pee in
the bathroom and who else is peeing in there it's Ron McClain I'm like oh my god so like I pinch it
as hard as I can I stop my pee and I run out and Ron signs my program and now he's like a colleague
so that's like pretty cool yeah and for a nerd who wanted to be like Ron to now have him know my name
that's that's thrilling to me and and Kelly's the goalie for L.A. I remember the Oilers were up 4-1.
And they lost that game one, right?
They lost game one.
Pardon me, the Kings are up 4-1, and my buddies are like, let's leave.
And me and Sandy are like, leave?
Wayne Gretzky's got like three shifts left.
And we were way up top, and we just watched Wayne.
So that was cool.
That's awesome.
Did you say Shania tomorrow night?
Is she playing somewhere?
Yeah, 4 o'clock, buddy. All right, are you dreaming dreaming stupid? But it looks like you've been hit by Cupid because
Shania needs to play for you right now. It's going to be awesome, buddy. I can't wait to belt out,
man. I feel like a woman. I am all over that. I heard documentary.
You're fucking squeaking. Did you eat a squeaky toy?
There's a ton of water right there. All right, do you know that she was married to the guy that produced Hysteria by Def Leppard?
Your worlds are colliding.
Mutt Lang.
You're not supposed to eat the glass.
The water was in.
Hey, Edmondson, a couple nights yet.
It's soaking our ass.
Kenny, what do you think of the way the game is now?
I know an old school hockey guy pucks in deep.
You love the old fights.
You love the fights.
We love the hits. We love the hits.
We love the rough stuff.
People overreact to everything.
What's your vibe now as you talk about hockey nationally,
where the game is at?
My favorite thing to say on the air is I'll get the highlights,
just like you just got him wet with that pitcher.
And I got to read them.
We call it read them cold.
I don't see them before we go on because they're right out of the game.
They print them right out quick.
Here they come.
Yeah.
And it'll say there's a brawl.
And I always pause because the person writing there's a brawl
is probably 24 years old.
Sure enough, it's this.
And I say, that's not a brawl.
That's a Gen Z line brawl.
So I've coined the phrase Gen Z line brawl.
The X loves it.
I'm like, you can use it.
I want to trademark it.
Gen Z line brawl.
Like last night where Chuck was going at it. That was a Gen Z line brawl. Well, they're all hugging and no one's really doing nothing. Gen Z line brawl. Like last night where Chuck was going at it.
That was a Gen Z line brawl.
Well, they're all hugging and no one's really doing nothing.
Gen Z line brawl.
Some nights I love the game.
Sometimes I don't.
It depends on the game.
It depends on what happens.
But I despise the general lack of accountability on a player-to-player basis
and the fact that you can just do stuff to a Connor McDavid or a Sidney Crosby or whomever on your team
and the other guys are just like, hey, what's up?
I'm like, shatter his job.
Break his orbital bone.
Make a statement.
Which game was that when Kachuk went after him and nobody came in?
Game two.
Nobody has to go in there and just cause the biggest scene you've ever seen.
Especially in a best-of-seven where you can lay the foundation
for what's to come.
And so i love
tiger williams and uh i uh i have taken to a buddy of mine a younger guy and i always say this one
word to my buddy and he never understands i go tiger can you tell this guy about room and tiger's
eyes just light up room rooms everything even this much more room on the ice and that's so true
you can establish that so i i i
don't like the general lack of accountability but the goaltending is crazy good i wish the goalies
would make more saves instead of block shots like i like watching a grant fiora i'm like volunteer
oh as opposed to like carrie price where it just hits you yeah i hate that my kid's a goalie and
i'm like just being an act technicians right instead of like, you feel like a joke.
I remember Tuca Rask in the summer, best shot I could muster up and it just like, moves
his shoulder.
But again, that comes back to another Pivamon.
The goalie equipment is still way too big.
There's cops walking around every city with Kevlar on.
Come on, tighten it up a little bit.
But I'd like to see more athleticism in goalies.
I don't know how we do that.
Do we make the equipment smaller?
Do we make the net a little bit bigger?
However, guys can put a puck where...
No.
Don't make the net bigger.
Because guys can put a...
I don't like that idea.
No.
It changes all the records.
I got two peeves with hockey.
The RVH, which I hate.
Because guys can put a puck right there.
Pandemic.
And love you, but you got to wrap it up by the end of May.
Let's go.
I agree.
They're so concerned about football.
It's like, who gives a fuck?
This wants us to go head-to-head.
Head-to-head.
Sunday.
Oh, yeah?
Mahomes?
Do your own thing.
Mahomes beat Sasha Barkov, buddy.
Start October 1.
Ends.
End of May long.
He hits some sort of thing they call a lake in Saskatchewan,
which we call a mud puddle in Nova Scotia, and off we go.
How far out have you ever waded into a lake in Saskatchewan to get up to your knees?
A couple miles?
Yeah.
Sorry, kilometers for a Canadian.
Shout out to Loon Lake, Saskatchewan.
Get up there.
She's a beast.
It's unbelievable.
I don't even think the ice is off the lake yet.
How many Sasky hockey players have boats there?
Go out in the boat.
Oh, yeah.
That's the thing.
That's the thing.
A little pontoon action.
Yeah.
Well, quickly before we go any further,
maybe for Father's Day you could get your dad a new pontoon boat,
but for us, it's G4.
So what are you getting your dad for Father's Day?
Did you know G4 is dropping a collection especially for him?
Their Father's Day capsule has everything he could ever want for life
on or off the golf course.
Whether he's traditional, modern, or just wants something fun
and new for his golf look,
G4's got it.
There's also everyone's favorite classic golf shoe,
the Galavanter,
now available in spikeless and soft spike options
because G4 accommodates pretty much everybody,
especially family.
And remember, you can get a discount
when you visit g4.com slash chicklets.
That's G-F-O-R-E dot com slash chicklets
for 10 off your first order.
So Father's Day is coming up.
If you like golf and your dad likes golf,
go over to G4.
They make them look cool, too.
Yeah, the Galavantra.
That reminds me of Danny Gallivan,
the greatest play-by-play guy ever
for the Montreal Canadiens back then.
My phone better not ring.
What are some of your favorite hockey stories
that you've heard that you like to retell?
I'm sure you got some play-the-hits kind of thing.
Yeah, I'm like a hockey romantic.
I love the announcers just as much as I love the players when I was a kid.
The ones I always tell are like the  I don't know if I can just pinpoint one,
but like what Colby was talking about,
well, I guess I'll tell you my favorite teapot story.
So I've got to set the stage.
It's 1985.
Pictou is playing the Thorburn Mohawks in Game 7 of the Pictou County
slash Nova Scotia Junior Sea Championship.
Because if you won Pictou County, you won the whole province.
How old are these kids?
16?
These kids are 17 to 21, but to me they're men.
Because some of them got bushy faces like Biz down there.
Some of them are balding like R.A.
Can't speak.
Balding.
Yeah.
Some of them are, yeah. R.A. Balding? Some of them are.
But when you're 8, 9, 10
and you see a guy that's 20, you think he's a man.
And they're skating around in a long
cooperall. And it's just absolutely awesome.
So Pictou is playing
Thorburn in Game 7. The Thorburn
rink only holds 600, but Thorburn
hosts Game 7. But they gotta move
the game to Glasgow Stadium which hosts 3,000.
So they pack it.
There's like 4,000 people in there.
And me and my buddy Mark Carone, who has the best Pecta County accent ever,
what's going on, Colby?
How you doing, bud?
We're sitting front row.
Front row at this game, there's no plexiglass.
There's no chicken wire.
We are exposed, right?
And like sticks are flying.
Like, every Saturday night at the game, they'd be like,
if Dr. Dan Reed is in the building, could he please come to the office?
And Dad would go stitch up a guy.
Back to the game he goes, but.
Your dad's loaded.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry, Dad, but it's the truth.
Why'd you give him 43 stitches?
That's going to leave a mark.
So there's, like, two seconds left in the game.
Pictou's down.
I think it might have been 2-1.
And sure enough, Boo Boo Hebert scores.
Me and Harone start going crazy.
And we start booting the boards, booting the boards.
We look over.
And where Merle's is, there's a lady.
And we're kicking the hell out of her purse.
But she doesn't care.
She's drunk.
She's intoxicated.
She's on something.
It's Pictou County on a Saturday night.
She's having a blast.
Game goes to overtime.
First overtime, nothing. First overtime,
nothing. Second overtime,
in the words of the great one,
well, we broke out and little Sean McDonald had the puck
and I just headed for the net on the offside.
He slides it over to the sweet one
and I'll never forget. When the sweet one,
T, when he shot, he would often glide
and the back leg would come out.
Will he drag it? Yes, he'd drag it. And when I was a
kid, I was taught the wrist shot was like this.
T was the only guy that would snap her.
Sure enough, he goes, I knew I could go up top,
but my favorite spot was five hole.
I got him moving, and the game was over.
Boom.
And T-Pot, I'm going to put it out here right now.
This is how good he is, how good a player he was.
When his junior C career was over,
everybody was waiting to see where he was going to go in the Pictou Town League.
Was he going to play for Galrock Seafood with Wayne Woodacre,
who was in the book and had a tryout for the Hartford Whalers?
Was he going to play for Caribou, who had Rankin, McKeel, and Nets?
Was he going to play for my dad's team, the Hindi Flyers?
The answer is no, because they stunk.
The Hindi Flyers sucked.
Fall starts, teapot's not in the Pictou Town Hockey League. Everyone's like, where's T?
Where's T? Teapot, for years, went and played in the Westville Presidential League,
across the causeway, 15 minutes away. Would you like to know why? A dentist on one of the teams
approached T and said, I can give you free dental work if you play.
T-Pop was a professional.
He went and played for free dental work for 10 years.
That's a man.
That's a real man.
Can you imagine bartering between town leagues?
So then T won the Presidential League title.
Then he won the Nova League title.
Then he came back to Pictou and won the Pictou Town League title.
That's why former Mayor Joe Haas thinks he should be in the PICTA County Sports Hall of Fame
because he's the only man that we know of in PICTA County
who won all three gentlemen's titles.
Triple gold.
Triple gold.
I've got to meet this guy.
Yes, you do.
He is the Scott Niedermeyer of PICTA
because didn't Niedermeyer win the Memorial Cup,
the Worlds, the Olympics?
Yeah, I think he did the Perry.
Perry, I think, has got everything, too.
Yeah.
So T-Pod, man, those are the stories I like.
I don't, like, I've been to NHL, and I love the NHL,
but I just like the old school.
Like, I remember the Mariners bench-brawling against Trenton
and Lester Turple torpedoing over the bench
and his long coupe brawl
and almost knocking the head off Paul Landry,
the born-again coach who coached me in Adam C
and benched me for three weeks.
You know, that kind of stuff.
I can go on and on.
I remember fans throwing beer bottles at a goalie for Trenton,
and then the next year he came back in Stellarton in a different mask
and helmet, and they found out it was him,
and they started throwing beer bottles at him again.
I remember hit that very fence, spitting in the face of the toughest guy
and throwing him through the chicken wire,
and the guy trying to climb the chicken wire.
Stuff like that.
Is this stuff going on in junior hockey still?
No.
My area was kind of still going on.
Do you see the videos of the Allen Cup, for example, the senior leagues in Saskatchewan?
There's like legit brawls.
It's awesome.
Saskatchewan.
It's still pumping out some sick videos of chaos.
These guys got to go to work the next day.
The Monday Nooner Boys.
But they're the hope of all their town.
Yeah.
Yeah, the Monday Nooner Boys cover it.
Yeah, and there's over a hundred.
What are they drawing?
Probably not.
The entire town?
There's over like a hundred senior teams in Saskatchewan still. Yeah. and there's over 100. What are they drawing? Probably not too many.
There's over like 100 senior teams in Saskatchewan still.
Yeah, it's the biggest thing ever.
No money?
No, they get paid a little.
Can we play in it, or are we too out of shape? Oh, you guys can play in it.
No, I got invited to play.
I was going to play for Rosetown Red Wings.
We had a ticket punch to the Allen Cup, my first year retirement,
and I didn't want to go because I'm like,
I'm not getting hacked and whacked in this.
But you know what other league I'm obsessed with, though, and I love the hockey to go because I'm like, I'm not getting hacked and whacked. You know what other league I'm
obsessed with though? And I love the hockey stories that come out of it.
It's the LNAH, that league in Quebec.
I'm sure they offered you some coins.
I think Donald Brashear just retired.
Brett Gallant went up for a couple
weekends this year.
Nasty's been in there.
Joel Terrio running around.
I like that.
Those small French towns, I just love the scrapping.
This ain't winning anything. I like that. I got weird. Those small French towns, I just love the scrapping. Oh, like look at this. This ain't winning anything.
But I cannot fight, but I love watching hockey.
You love hockey.
And I think I might be the only guy in Canadian media, aside from you, that admits it, that
I like hockey fights.
No, Juice still talks about it, right?
Yeah, yeah, Kev does.
Kev does.
Have you ever dabbled in comedy?
Like, have you ever done stand-up yourself?
You know what he does?
I'll give him credit for this. And if we do...
So, Kenny, we ran into a guy, a kid last night,
and his dad outside.
We were coming home.
I come out, business sitting with these guys talking.
And this kid stands up.
He goes, Army!
Toontown, baby!
Saskatoon!
Remember that kid?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, he's a good kid.
And he was just loving it.
He was nuts.
He was loving Saskatoon.
Sasky was going all crazy.
And then I came up with this idea.
We should do a Chiclets Fantasy Camp in Saskatoon.
And you know who's the best at doing all that stuff?
Oh, he's a good host.
The host with the most for all these things.
Any event, a golf tournament, anything, Kenny Reeves is the best.
Because you're also offside where that must be hard for you to balance.
Yeah, I like to walk the line.
And sometimes it gets you in trouble.
I've had to do on-air apologies before.
Oh, shit.
But no, I love emceeing.
It's fun.
I like a live audience.
It's tons of fun.
I do a lot of it.
I do a lot of golf tournaments.
I do a lot of the heart and stroke hockey events, Easter Seals events.
I'll get you and JR up there.
We'll tell stories.
And the American hero ally, Afraidy.
Oh, one of my dearest friends an
absolute beautiful man he bleeds red white and blue mr america ally afridi as a hockey card nerd
there's a card of al with an haircut with no with the american flag in the back it's probably worth
20 cents to me it's priceless but his skullet when he unleashed the skullet i'll never forget
that day because you don't see these guys in 1993 with no buckets on and the skullet when he unleashed the skullet i'll never forget that day because you don't see these guys
in 1993 with no buckets on and the skullet was unleashed and the boys got some great stories
about al being a little sensitive to that back in the day but oh oh i heard a story didn't he like
he got hit toupee fell off and no he crawled for the helmet when he got hit
he hit the turnbuckle when he yeah it's. Yeah, it's in Rock and Sockham. His helmet blew off and then the skull was undone.
He was cocky, but he was like army crawling to get his bucket.
Yeah, get his bucket back.
So you couldn't see the top of his shiny dome.
But he is the kindest man in the world.
Oh, he's awesome.
I love him.
And when we go to these charity tournaments, if you draft Al, you get me too.
So that's kind of the shtick.
And we have a boss together.
There's a Ricky Gervais line that I love.
It says, kindness is a superpower, and we all have it.
And all I afraid to practice is that on a daily basis.
He's a superhuman.
So that's one of the cool things about doing all these things is,
as a former hockey card nerd, still a hockey card nerd,
the guys whose cards I collected actually get to chat with them
and not be issued a restraining order, you know,
or go up with a binder full of stuff for them to sign.
I was big in those years, like the Pro and Pro Set first came on,
Upper Deck came out.
It was like, wow.
I was into the Pogs, the player Pogs.
Oh, the Pogs.
I had the Eric Lindros Pog.
It was worth 8, which felt like a million dollars.
Well, Sid wrote a forward to one of my hockey card books,
and it was about how he got ripped off for his Marial the Mule rookie.
So he just moved in with him. Yeah, so so he moved in that looks better than having a mario
lemieux rookie living with him i'm just gonna move into your basement for five years you'll know this
card remember the ken griffey jr absolutely i so i i like old seattle jersey yes and yellow yes it
was a huge card and a kid had it in my class i traded him like a jose canseco rookie good trade
great trade for me.
Great trade, Merle.
But then like two weeks later, the teacher found out about it.
I ripped them off completely.
I had to trade it back to him.
That's unbelievable.
I swear to God, I'll never forget that.
That's a Gen Z line, bro.
That's a Gen Z line.
I remember being at a card show in Sydney, Nova Scotia in 1989,
and there's a Ken Griffiths.
You're on the guy's table.
He says, how much?
He goes, five bucks, I buy it.
He puts another one out.
Five bucks, five bucks, I buy it.
Five bucks, five bucks.
I bought four.
I bought them out.
So that card changed everything.
That was nice.
I think Al Iffredi, him lighting his dots with a blowtorch
when he was fixing his sticks and shit.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Lighting with a torch.
He still can.
In a pinch, he still can.
But yeah, Al's got so many great stories about hacking darts in the laundry room.
Danny Savard's got great darts.
So when I emcee these hockey hot stoves, we never talk about hockey.
It's usually about darts.
And then darts go off to other stories.
Danny's like, yeah, when I joined Chicago, remember those old grandma ashtrays?
There was like 12 of them in the room.
With the big bingo action.
Yeah.
Well, what did he say?
He told a great story of playing for the Leafs and they'd all, time would be ticking down
on the clock, he said, and they'd all position themselves near the end of the bench to get
off the end of the bench to go down the runway to get the best seat near the ashtray.
Yeah.
Smoking.
And everyone be wrestling for that seat.
Those are the stories I love.
and everyone be wrestling for that seat.
Those are the stories I love.
I love the game,
but everyone has books about the game.
I want to know about behind the game and what the guys are like,
in a nice way, right?
But hack and darts to me in the 80s
is just the best.
So business question two,
do you ever try to stand up with your brother?
Oh, no.
Never tried it?
Never attempted?
We completely dodged that question.
Yeah, okay.
I guess the closest I've ever done to doing stand-up
is just when I emcee these banquets
and I go up and I fire up.
That's considered stand-up.
Yeah, that was a great job.
It's hard.
But my brother's a professional stand-up comic.
Like, that's his thing.
What would you consider
the pinnacle achievement of your career so far?
Well, other than sitting here with you guys?
Probably no one teapot.
No one sweet one?
Just, this is going to sound corny,
but just that I've gotten to a place I've always wanted to get to,
and I never thought it would be a place where I could also spend so much time with my sons,
because I'm blessed with the rare opportunity in this business
that I usually only work Monday to Thursday,
and I have my weekends off I can spend with my wife and my kids and I can, I don't have to, I hate missing my kids,
baseball or hockey, both the boys, but I'm at a place where I got my head in order because I had
a lot of head issues for a number of years and I get to do what I love for a living. I get to do
beside Ivanka, who I love, and she's an awesome co-anchor, and I get to talk hockey, and I get to have fun.
And in the words of Audioslave,
to be yourself is all that you can do. So when I go on
TV, I'm not, good evening.
I'm me.
So to reach that comfort stage is
pretty awesome, and I'm very thankful for that.
Good for you, man. I appreciate you coming on.
And I get free suits.
I saw that green one
last night.
That thing was fresh. Listen, I'm six under after two days, And I get free suits. I saw that green one last night. How'd you think of that?
That thing was fresh.
Listen, listen, I'm six under after two days, two more days, and I get another one.
Top of the morning to you, Kenny.
I'm your lucky charm.
You said head issues from concussions or something?
No.
Or is it mental health?
Mental health, anxiety.
When I mentioned I was a lonely teenager in my room, it's because I was super shy, which led to anxiety,
when I mentioned I was a lonely teenager in my room,
it's because super shy,
which led to anxiety,
which led to,
you know,
just a mess for like 15,
16 years.
So the wife said,
uh,
I'm not a psychologist.
You can't tell me this anymore.
Now I'm heavily medicated.
I have a great day.
That's why you get along with army.
So I mean,
Kenny,
you've had some army panics.
I mean,
I have the same brain.
That's why when I see him,
I give him a hug.
Cause even if he doesn't need one, he might need one. I love
this guy. I always say
a great friend of mine,
Shane Corson, a great friend of mine.
We had him a while ago. He's awesome. I always say the only
difference between me and you
is you guys are way
freaking better than hockey. Other than that,
we're kind of the same humans and it's
good to be there for each other.
This has been awesome.
I don't know if you had any more, boys.
Are you on any time frame?
Do we finish up here?
I got a hit at one, but I can stay until around one.
Wait, how's my hair going to look for the hit?
Is it good?
I thought we were done, too.
It looks like a Lego head.
How my hair look, Mike?
It's kind of like Kyle Bukowskis a little.
Do we have any other?
Yeah, what do you got?
It's a Lego hat.
Utah.
They unveiled their jerseys.
I don't know if you guys saw them.
I like that.
You know what that is?
That's brilliant
because here's our jersey.
Buy it,
and then in a year,
we'll get it.
Buy that again.
I like those colors.
I actually think without black,
it would have been humane,
which I like a little bit more,
but nobody else has a jersey like that, and I do agree.
That's basically to sell some more once the real name comes out.
Okay, maybe that's part of it.
I just thought it was very simple.
It's an introduction to the state,
and I think a lot of people are going to want that jersey
just based on its uniqueness, where I think it was the Penguins,
maybe the Rangers at some point did that.
The Rangers had a dog.
Snoop Dogg, gin and juice.
If you want to see the greatest jersey in history, just go Penguins
early 70s, that blue and Lowell McDonald
skating. Oh, we had that throwback for the
outdoor game when Army scored.
And I was like, oh, was it 17 seconds in?
21 seconds.
He just sits at the end of his couch
every outdoor game in 22 seconds.
See you later.
Good try, boys. I like them.
I like the colors.
I like the colors.
Rock, black, salt white, and mountain blue.
I think they just invented it.
Yeah, I think they invented it.
You can name colors and people won't question it.
Oh, yeah.
Rock, black, or black?
I think a friend of yours, Ryan Wosowski,
named head coach of the San Jose Shocks.
Incredible story.
And it's so cool to see that he's really earned this.
So my brother grew up playing with his brother Dave Wazowski who played in the NHL and
played in Europe for a while and and so they're a great family like unbelievable
story of his father starting this MM trucking business he recently sold it
but awesome people four brothers Adam Jared Dave and Ryan and Ryan's the
youngest and he was just really wanted to get into coaching.
It's something that he kind of dreamed about.
And Dave was playing.
And Ryan wasn't as good of a player.
And he started off.
And he did whatever he had to do.
He's in the East Coast League.
Won a championship.
Able to move up to the AHL.
Did they win a championship in the AHL, too, with the team he was with?
No, it was Chicago.
It wasn't a couple years ago you were talking about.
Yeah, I think he did.
The Wolves?
I think he did.
I know he won on the coast with Carolina.
That's when you first started telling us about him.
And it was like one of those things where this kid's coming.
He's kind of like the new John Cooper.
This kid's coming.
Like a professional coach.
Chicago Wolves in 21-22.
I think they might have won it that year.
Shout out Wendell Young.
No, yeah, he won it in Chicago.
He won it in Chicago.
He won the championship his second year.
So maybe they didn't win one in Charlotte.
It doesn't say.
But then he got the job.
David Quinn brings him in to be the assistant in San Jose.
It's like, wow, I'm already an assistant in the NHL.
And they chose him.
They let Quinny go, which I'm sure is hard for Ryan
because Quinny gave him his chance.
But I actually love the opportunity for him.
And I know I was kind of chirping the sharks
in how bad they're going to be.
But for a guy who has really nothing to lose, right?
This team, nothing's expected.
It's your first head coaching gig.
That's something where you could prove some people wrong.
And maybe all of a sudden he's able to implement
some things that he wants to do.
And they do bring in some younger players.
And Celebrini and Will Smith will be there next year.
Everyone's hearing.
And so I'm just happy for him because he paid his dues.
It's funny.
A lot of coaches would say he didn't pay him that long, right?
Because he was, it was South Carolina for two years.
He was the assistant coach of Curry College one year,
then the East Coast League head coach for two,
then assistant in Charlotte for one, head coach in Charlotte for one,
head coach in Chicago for two, and then two years assistant NHL.
I'm sure this has been talked about.
Do you think that knob block has now opened up the door
where more teams are going to be giving guys these chances?
I think you're crazy not to give opportunities to guys,
even your AHL coaches.
And you see Bilesma is coming up from the AHL for Seattle.
You saw what Bilesma did when he came up from the AHL for the Penguins.
Now, we kind of chirp sometimes when these older coaches get hired.
But Laviolette, he obviously proved that he knows what he's doing.
He's been around a while, but he's good.
But I like the new blood coming in.
Because as much as we chirp younger players and what it's like now
with these guys being so sensitive and maybe can't take criticism,
these new age coaches know.
They know a little bit what they're doing and how to deal with them.
I'm sure Ryan
Mussofsky being younger has seen guys the last
four or five years in the coast in the AHL
and been like it's a little different now
and some of these old school guys they don't
they don't necessarily know how to get through to the
younger players but I'm with you
Biz Knobloch's done a lot
I think it goes back to what Coop said when we had him
on the panel last time he's an example of it
yeah where he said well I don't know how you react with different players.
Like some of them might need a hug.
Other ones might need a pee-pee whack.
Like if you give it to them, they respond better.
Some guys, if you go coddle them, then they're going to yell
or they'll get that confidence back.
So it's all about reading your players,
and I feel like that's maybe the newer school mentality
is where guys kind of understand that
and that you have to learn your personnel
and then not just Mike Keenan where everybody gets it.
I love that story.
It's a long road as long as you're on it, and that is a long road.
That's almost a real timely hiring too when you think 28 years old,
Paul Maurice is hired in Hartford, and here he is 29, 30 years later.
Without a cup, and now he's just close.
Yeah, and he's so close.
I think it's my stat that I had
where no coach has won the cup for a new team
besides Scotty Bowman.
Really?
No, only one coach in the last like 60 years
has won a cup with another team after winning a cup,
if that makes sense.
Okay, does that include Vincent Joyce
who took over the 84 Mariners
after Paul Landry left for Trenton?
Well, the Teapot Leagues,
I don't know if I count Teapot Leagues,
but that's why we knew the Rangers weren't going to win
the Cup because La Villette already won a Cup.
So he's not going to win another one.
I didn't realize we interviewed Messier the other day
which was incredible. And after he
actually went down to Steve Levy, Merles was there
and said, those guys got me to open up. I was like, oh,
that was a compliment. I didn't know
reading about him. He's the only
player in NHL history to
captain two different teams. Two different teams.
Never knew that.
Yeah.
Isn't that wild?
That's crazy.
And then I thought of Petrangelo.
I was like, oh, no, he was stolen from Vegas.
Like, it's just not that often.
And by the way, when you see mess, talk about an in-shape dude.
That's inspiring.
I asked him, what do you do six days a week?
I go, cardio, weights.
He goes, both.
I was like, Jesus.
And the mushrooms.
Yeah. He's mushrooms. Yeah.
He's a beauty.
Yeah, like when you see that.
But I see that story of the new coach in San Jose,
that's what I love about Hawkins.
Like, I love that story that on the ticker when it says,
Sharks hire a new coach, you don't get that story.
I love that, like, all you guys have a story.
And I love getting into that.
That's where the love of the game comes from.
Your friend there got hired.
Ryan Wasowski.
That's amazing to me.
I think we could get him on.
I think he'd be willing to come on for sure.
So hopefully he is,
because it'd be a blast to hear his story of it
or how he thinks about it going down.
I'm not sure if you've heard about this one.
St. Louis Blues general manager, Doug Armstrong,
he's going to be president of hockey operations
until 2028.
Alex Steen. Wow. He's had to be President of Hockey Operations until 2028. Alex Steen.
Wow.
Charles had this early.
My good friend.
When he retired, he moved back to Sunsville.
He actually took over the team
there. He started building up all the way
from the youth all the way up to the pro team,
the junior teams, running all of that.
His dad, Winnipeg Jets legend
Tomas Steen, he came over to help him.
And just being hockey guys around the community, we end up becoming friends.
Our wives hit it off.
He's got kids the same age.
So we've been hanging out together for like two years now.
And he's always doing these trips.
I would hear him.
He's like, oh, I'm going to see Doug Armstrong.
And I'm like, oh, what's that all about?
And he's doing all this stuff.
This winter he goes and he's buying a house in St. Louis.
And he's like, yeah, I think we're going to move there.
He's doing interviews at schools for his kid.
And I'm like, man, he's doing a lot just to go over there
and keep being like a scout or whatever.
And I should have known.
Worst insider ever, Merle.
But he's unbelievable.
Again, a young guy getting an opportunity to be a GM is crazy.
But he's a hockey lifer.
He loves it.
His big thing when they won the Cup is he went from a first-line power play guy.
He took that fourth-line role, didn't care.
He just knows how to win.
Was he playing fourth-line on that team?
He was like fourth-line by the end there.
Unreal fourth-line.
And they talked about it.
That was like the driving force of them.
And when a guy like that's calling the shots, you've got to listen.
You're going to be in good hands. And what you're trying to say is it's important to have a guy like that's calling the shots you got to listen you're gonna you're gonna be in good hands and what you're trying to say is like it's important to have a guy in that
position who not only like achieved what he achieved but the fact that he knows what it's
like to be that first liner he knows what it's like to be bumped down so when you experience
everything as a player it's easier to understand things about maybe how guys are reacting to it
and then you don't react in a in a you know get rid of the guy maybe there's room to work with them or yada yada yada you got all the time
intelligent camp with you two oh I remember being the guy he wore Manchester
City socks everywhere remember he's obsessed with man say oh that old he
rode this old fucking bike like a maniac Lance Armstrong before and after
practice like this this guy's a machine.
But an all-time bad Toronto Maple Leafs trade.
Just a quick shot at the Leafs. He was like 20 years old.
Where's that one rank?
Put it on the pile.
But no, that's going to be great.
And I think Armstrong will become president
or take over as president when Steam becomes GM.
Two more years?
2026, yep.
I'm one for recency bias, but I just feel like there's kind of this
new guard of now the young coaches
are starting to come in more and more.
Now all of a sudden the GMs are getting a little bit younger.
That's why I think, right now he's at Detroit,
but my buddy Horkoff, him and Steen
were so similar. How they
trained, how they played, like just hard
nose pros. And I know Hork's on
his way up. He'll be a GM at some point, too.
They remind me of each other.
How screwed up is it when the guys you used to watch play become you,
and then the guys you used to play with become coaches and scouts,
and then, like, it's just weird getting old.
It is weird.
Yeah, that's a basically nice way of, it sucks getting old.
Like, a guy younger than you is, like, becoming, like, a GM.
Yeah, you're like, what the hell is going on right now?
I'll be honest.
I'm 50 in frigging three months, and I'm like,
these kids think I'm Archie Bunker.
They think I'm older than them.
And now the kids didn't even get that reference.
That's how frigging old I am.
Stifle you and stifle Edo.
Here we go.
You open up a can of worms, Kenny.
Do you follow the Instagram account that just sends out all the Archie and Edo?
Oh, hilarious, dude.
So funny.
I have all those, and you can't even repeat.
No.
Not at all.
They've won 18 Emmys.
Oh, great show.
Patrick Liney, Columbus Blue Jacks basically agreed to break up.
They're going to seek a trade.
He's got two more years left.
It's a mutual thing.
Yeah, a mutual thing.
8.7 mil.
He's got a modified no trade clause.
Obviously, he'll give his list of teams.
He was at the player assistance program at the end of the year.
I'm sure that he'll be out of that when the next season rolls around.
So, I mean, any idea where he might go?
I mean, great natural goal scorer.
I think he likes when the game's easy.
I mean, I think if you're looking to win a cup,
I don't think you want Patrick Laine unless he can figure
Unless he'd be on the third line.
He's fucking soft, man.
He doesn't want to go to the hard areas.
He could be on the third line and just be a game-breaker guy.
8-7, though.
What if he figured it out, though?
Like, what if that, you know?
I'd sim up on the castle.
Yeah.
Hey, definitely a guy
who has raw talent
who you would want
to give a chance to.
In a cap era, though,
as I think somebody
just mentioned, 8-7,
that's a lot of fucking dough, man.
I think he ends up
at a lower team
that needs to get to the cap
and understands that
this guy might get us 40 and 70,
75 points, but
I don't know if we're going to be winning a ton of playoff games with him.
And you're right. He could figure it out,
but my thought is I'd be shocked to see a
team next year considering themselves as
cup contenders trading for that.
He's already 26, man.
Wow.
That's still young.
I feel like guys when he was going like first year and him
and Matthew's going better.
He had that hat trick game or something.
I remember both having hatch.
Well, he had the, they scored an overtime to win too.
Like on a breakaway, like it was like 20 goals in 10 games.
And then he disappeared for fucking ever.
Tell you about the time
T got a hat trick within the first...
Ranges
extended Capo Caco one year
2.4 million extension. Say that again.
All right. Capo Caco.
Capo Caco. Capo Caco
one year extension 2.4 million.
He'll be arbitration eligible after this
deal. Probably his last
qualifying offer, right? maybe his last goal.
It might be this year he can kind of shit or get off the pot a little bit.
And just because he was the second overall pick, it might be like,
all right, if next year it's another really underwhelming offensive season,
I don't know if it's going to work out there long term.
But you saw what Lafreniere did this year, and I think he's a much better player.
But you never know.
But you see that kid you're like it was that world championships he had yeah that year for Finley and then people like he might go in front of I was it was it Hughes Jack Hughes it
was Hughes yeah and and then all of a sudden you're just like oh man it just hasn't seemed
to translate over as a as a score at least yeah it's because Dreisaitl did the same thing like
Dreisaitl went as an 18-year-old to that world championship
and lit it up, and that season was where Dreisaitl broke out with the Orioles,
like was crazy.
So everybody was thinking, oh, he's going to be like Dreisaitl.
What do you guys think when someone has a tournament like that
and you go all in on them?
Because you've got to watch them a lot.
And as TV viewers, like there's fans out there that are going,
like that are finally in Canada being exposed to Barkov
and how good he is.
But when you're watching a young player
and he lights it up for a week,
you've got to watch him for more than a week.
You have to, and that's why the Stanley Cup is,
obviously, it's the Panthers that they get this done
and Maurice, but it goes back to the entire,
like, every scout, they all have a role
because, yeah, you look at a guy
and the draft comes around
and this guy's been good in the World Championships,
but you have to have the ability to just not look at small windows.
And I think these best teams, they do such a good job drafting
that it's really truly a team Stanley Cup.
Because, yeah, if you make one bad pick like Kako,
it's like, oh, man, we could have had somebody pretty special.
But because of that one week, we forgot what we saw the rest of the year.
And that's a perfect segue to my next book coming out in the fall of 2025,
still untitled, Scouts by Ken Reed from Simon  Schuster.
There you go, boys.
Sneak peek.
That's breaking news.
I love it.
See how I worked that question in there just to lead to my segue?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's a selfish move.
The Ken Reed Show.
Selfish move.
The Ken Reed Show.
We've been taking over.
That's right.
Here we go.
I love it.
A couple of Stanley Cup Finals stats for you here.
Teams with a 3-0 lead in the Stanley Cup final, 27-1.
Only one time a team has blown a lead back to 42 Leafs, right?
Ken, the story.
Is that the last time the Leafs won?
67.
Ooh, dagger.
The last sweep, you know when the last sweep was?
In the cup?
Florida.
Didn't Florida get swept?
That was 96.
They did, but that wasn't the last one.
97 and Philly.
98? No, no.
Chicago, Philly?
Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm pretty decent at this.
Someone asked me last night.
Anaheim didn't sweep Ottawa.
No, that was close.
Jersey, Anaheim?
No, that went seven.
Anaheim, Ottawa.
No, Anaheim didn't. It was five games that series. It was back in Anaheim? No, that's going to be it. Oh, Ottawa. Anaheim-Ottawa. No, Anaheim didn't.
It was five games that series.
It was back in Anaheim when they won.
What the?
Detroit somebody.
No, Detroit.
Oh, his eyes lit up.
Detroit-Washington?
I'm going to read the chat.
Detroit-Philly.
Both.
No, there were four sweeps in a row.
95, 96, 97, 98.
The 98 was the last time there was a sweeper final. What was 98 cup?
Detroit beat
Philly, then they beat Washington.
He said that early.
I made the eyes
there. You actually said it right
away. No, I didn't think it
was. I thought it was one since 98.
I thought Darren McCarty scored that
crazy goal.
He's wrestling by my house in a couple weeks.
Backyard wrestling?
Yeah, McCarty's wrestling.
At Ted Reeve Arena.
Yeah.
Wow.
I might have to go.
He's big into that.
I follow him on social.
Yeah, that's what I saw.
The last time, I saw the NBA, NHL having had both be sweeps.
Double sweep.
That's true.
Pretty wild stuff.
So, yeah, boys.
Was that the OJ thing?
No, that was 94.
94, yeah.
That great documentary. Ken, thanks so much for joining us. It was awesome. You gave us a jolt to life. So yeah boys, is that the OJ night? No, that was 94 94. Yes
Okay, thanks so much for joining us
Yes, a jolt the life. I wish we had a little bit more jolt the life in this fucking series But Edmonton is they have a mountain to climb and wit final thoughts. How do you know boys? We're losing
Yeah, there's it's hard to remain positive.
You just go one period at a time.
Oh, my God.
I mean, it's...
What a loser.
What else am I supposed to say, Biz?
You got to try to win the first period.
Win the second period.
One shift at a time.
Win a shift.
Just win a shift.
Mixer, sifter, one shift at a time, one period at a time.
And nurse on forward. And that's the recipe. That's the recipe. One shift at a time, one period at a time. And nurse on forward.
And that's the recipe.
That's the recipe.
One last thing.
Tornado.
One last thing.
Or actually two last things before we sign off.
Greta tonight.
Nine o'clock.
Bubble hockey.
Ken Reed's coming now.
I'm going to take his fucking lunch money.
Merle's one of the most overrated bubble hockey players in the history of the world.
I'm going to dummy that motherfucker.
G's been talking shit.
So see us at Greta tonight. We'll play bubble hockey. Tons of Pink Whitney. I'm going to dummy that motherfucker. G's been talking shit, so see us at Greta tonight.
We'll play bubble hockey,
tons of Pink Whitney,
obviously in Edmonton.
I don't have the exact address.
That's okay.
You guys can figure it out.
The address is here really complicated.
I lived here for three years.
I still can't figure it out.
It's near Cactus and the Pint,
near Jasper Ave,
so you guys will figure it out.
But we'll see you at Greta,
and let's have some fun.
What was the other last thing?
That was it, right? Let's go over there., and let's have some fun. What was the other last thing? That was it,
right? 109th Street.
109th Street.
I saw Jack Campbell in the hallway last night. You think they go to Jack?
He had that fucking twinkle in his eye.
I think it's Jack.
Campbell in, Nurse at forward.
Knobloch has pulled off
some crazy shit in these playoffs.
I think it's Jack Campbell time.
Oh, yeah.
I actually would not.
I'd be like, let's do it.
Let's do it, man.
Why not?
And change that fucking tune you came out to for warm-up.
Let's go.
Yeah.
Pump it.
Thank you, buddy.
Buddy Ryan Jesperson for letting us use your studio.
Oh, buddy.
This place has been unbelievable.
Real talk with Jesper.
The hospitality we've been showing here has been awesome.
The beers have been flowing.
Western people, right?
We've been drinking every day.
I was like, yeah, I don't think we last one of this studio.
Real Canada.
Here goes Colby.
Colby's going to go on his political rant.
Keep me going on Western, folks.
We'll be back after game four, win or lose.
And I'll see you then.
Have a great weekend.
You're going to be seeing all trip.
All right.
Get a good look at him, buddy. I like to poke the bear I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in
And take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox to cleanse her mind.
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again.
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan.
That I was safe and sound in my minivan.
But I said something that crossed the line when I know she felt it.
So I said she could have a free one on the chain.
She went below the bell.
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. Outro Music
