Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Stretch the power of your feet. Please never do that. Yep. Ciao.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 508 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney. From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Boston Sports Podcast family,
we are officially on week number two of our Stanley Cup final trip.
You probably look like it, probably feel like it.
Let's go on the horn and say hi to the boys.
Biz Nasty, Paul Biz Nasty,
Bissonette. What's going on? Oh my
God. Being back
on the sauce is awesome.
I've had such a blast.
I've been having so much fun with you guys.
This has been such a fun rip the people of Edmonton
now we're in Lauderdale I mean I know we're going to go into it boys but that Stanley Cup experience
in Edmonton was one of the best hockey things I've ever done in my life if not the best the
fact that you get out from a win on a Saturday night and there's still two hours of sunlight
left till 11 30 at night and then you get to hit the town with some crate,
crazy Canucks.
We got a lot to talk about boys,
but I'll send it back over to you already to get the other boys teed up.
All right.
Next up,
we'll go to the wit dog,
Ryan Whitney.
I know you had to head back to the States.
How's everything going at home and how you feeling,
buddy?
Probably a lot better than we are.
Oh,
I'm fine.
They recovered.
And then it hit me today that I got to go to Vegas on Tuesday.
So it's just a little mind-numbing to think of you guys getting after it last night in Florida.
Like, I can't get over it.
I have a couple things to say, but first I do want to say, as I already just mentioned,
this episode is presented by Pink Whitney.
Take your shot with Pink Whitney.
The Pink Whitney was flowing down in Liquordale last night, I saw.
The Pink Whitney was bursting through the seams in Edmonton.
What a city that is.
And I appreciate everyone drinking it.
I appreciate support.
We all do.
We all love Pink Whitney.
The leading flavored vodka in North America.
So we got Florida.
We got Edmonton.
They're far apart.
But Pink Whitney brings one together, brings all together.
It unites us.
So thank you very much. Biz, you are legitimately Michael Jordan,
taking a couple years off of basketball,
and then coming back and winning three straight again out of the booth.
It's insane.
You hopped right back on.
I got into Edmonton.
When did I get in?
Was it Wednesday night, whatever it was, Tuesday night?
And then I saw you had a beer in hand.
I was like, God, he just looks natural holding a beer.
He looks just great.
And then you put on a performance for the ages,
capped off by choking a guy out on the juggler.
Maybe the hardest I've ever laughed, and I've laughed at many things you did.
But that city, as Biz mentioned, was just electric.
And Game 3, we talked about it.
We had the Game 3 recap up in Edmonton.
Thank you so much to Ryan Jesperson.
Amazing studio.
We did some, I think, seven interviews.
Some legendary guests coming for the summer.
It's going to be awesome.
But, I mean, the nervous energy from Game 3 turned into,
we got nothing to lose in Game 4.
And it turned into basically the biggest party I've ever seen in a hockey ring.
I'm still convinced there are fans in Edmonton,
maybe some fringe fans who don't watch every regular season game
but get involved in the playoffs who think they won the cup
because security might drive me to the airport right after the game.
He's like, these people think they're raising Lord Stanley.
Cars honking, people hanging out the windows,
girls chugging drinks, the streets are  it was just incredible.
So the fact that they could drag them back to Alberta,
as McDavid mentioned in his post-game press conference,
is pretty cool to see this series alive.
But Edmonton, you never disappoint.
I just disappoint you.
Wow.
That was an epic highlight reel, too.
They ran for it, too.
I didn't realize you had that many tucks up there.
My buddy at home, so I went to father's day was Sunday.
So I flew home.
Can't do Florida.
And I was at the pool.
My buddy was with my buddies.
He's like that.
That highlight clip made it look like you were the one of the best defense
ever play.
I said, yeah,
whoever made that thing is a huge with dog fan because I was just sniping
head up.
I was like,
this is not exactly a good indication or description of my time in Edmonton, but I'll take it.
And that pop we got, that pop was incredible.
Because Cassian went on earlier and all his hits were just him running people over.
By the way, I love Cassian.
We hung out with him on Friday night.
I had never chosen him.
What a mutant.
What a great guy.
And his pop was so ridiculous but it
was all physicality i'm like what are they gonna show for me and then boom our pop i think it
matched him i don't know i don't know man cass's was pretty loud but we was loud i think it went
from 107 on the boys meter and we were like 106.5 so we didn't necessarily match them but we were
we were in the same vicinity i think you would have got there boys
I was thinking about this you would have got there
on the cheer-o-meter
for sure
but everybody was like stop
cheering because they were laughing
because of you guys because Biz ripped his tarp
off put double guy headlock
on this was the greatest thing
when he ripped his tarp off
I couldn't believe it i messaged
the guy uh because i saw that he commented on the post and he's like don't worry found my glasses so
i dm'd him i said hey buddy if i broke him let me know how much and i'll send you a venmo or something
like that yes um but uh you could see after i go back here i think he's like messaging to his buddy
he's like i lost my glasses and i can't see shit. He needs his help. And then I just go back up.
Muffling him in the face.
It looked like he didn't have his feet on the ground at all.
Like that,
that other little guy,
you had them completely strung up.
And the other guy was,
I thought I was jumping.
I thought I was jumping like through the roof on that.
I was getting maybe an inch off the ground.
I thought it was up in the air,
but the best part was they brought us down like six minutes before that. And was getting maybe an inch off the ground. I thought I was up in the air. But the best part
was they brought us down like six minutes
before that, and we're like,
we need to... It was 3-1 win,
and I'm like, oh no, they're going to show wit on the
jumbotron, and all of a sudden
they're going to give up two pizzas, and it's going to be
a tie game. All I could think
about was that I was like,
I'm going to go up there, and they're going to just like,
it's going to be a tie game two minutes later.
And boom, Nurse buries, and then who else buried?
I think it was McJesus, and it was a nice one, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was McJesus.
It was McJesus, and then I was like, oh, 5-1, and we're getting on this thing.
Not only were they thrilled for the goals, but then we got on,
so it was just excitement.
I was like, this is going to be incredible.
So on all times, I mean, I thought in terms of Jumbotron,
we would never be able to beat biz talking to Sidney Crosby mid game and
yelling Pittsburgh.
But I think this might've, this might've surpassed it.
But how about that send off though, boys,
if it is in fact the last game that Edmonton wins and it doesn't go back to Edmonton?
Like, you know, that fan base deserves that kind of send-off.
You know, obviously you can have one more possible game there
if they do end up going to six.
But if that is it, man, that's a special treat for those fans.
And, you know, I don't think a crazy amount of stuff going on
in Edmonton in the summertime, like that's basically, in my opinion,
their Calgary stampede,
like they get a Thursday,
Saturday,
uh,
Stanley cup playoff games at home.
And then they go,
go out and after rip it.
I mean,
we went by the pint,
which is a famous,
uh,
kind of like a famous bar there and where you guys would hang out quite a bit of
the time that had to have been the busiest you've ever seen it.
Or I guess you didn't even get to step in.
It was insane, but I dropped you guys off and i was like there had to be 700 people
on the outdoor area and waiting outside and then i saw you guys walk to like the back and then the
people it was like the beatles walking through and i was like take me to the airport mike take
me home for christ's sake and and just the other thing of like it being light out that late
i know i mentioned it on the game three recap but i mean you're like i'm kind of tired like but it's
so light you look it's midnight and it's light out so your mind is just like completely fucked
from this entire thing but the other classic thing about the big screen and then post jumbotron was
so i'm like bitch you to throw on something oilier.
It's like, I wanted a Nugent Hopkins jersey, which, by the way,
talk about getting owned by your own words.
I was the man that said a grown man can never wear another man's jersey.
I have been getting rinsed for that.
Completely worthy and deservedly so.
Now, Nugent, everyone's like, oh, get a jersey.
I'm like, well, I want Nuge's jersey because I played with him.
I didn't even think until the comments started ripping in.
You fraud.
You piece of shit.
I'm like, oh, well, ate my words on that one.
But Biz, get some Oilers gear.
So he's like, all right, Joey Superstein had bought this sick, like, it's like an 80s style Oilers sweater.
So Biz puts it on.
Had no clue he was going to rip it off.
I was crying laughing
during that. Watching him do all
that. So apparently
Joey Superstreet's like, where's Biz? I'm freezing
right now. Well, in the midst
of him going back up top, he
decided to make it a belly shirt.
That looks like Mario
from Super Mario eating pizza with a
hairy stomach.
So you guys were chirping me about that looks like Mario from super Mario eating pizza with a hairy stomach. I got,
uh,
so that you guys were chirping me about,
you know,
being gay for,
for a couple of days there.
And I,
there's a rumor online now going around that I'm bisexual and it's popping off.
There's comments and quote tweets on it.
So I've already had to put out a few fires in the past about,
uh,
when I was wearing my speedo in Vegas during my NHL days,
I got people thought maybe I was gay.
So now,
now,
now I'm going to have to deflect all these rumors online or Emma.
Or you'll try anything.
Oh my God.
I might suck a dick to get it back home for game six in Edmonton.
If I can get free tickets again,
it's like every you take every single
meal for 10 years 20 years at some point you might want to try fish or sausage busy because
at this point but then the ass strut with the belly shirt but at this rate this might be the
only way ra can get laid heyA., why don't you come up to my room? Tags him.
Hey, the best thing ever, too, was when we're sitting there,
you guys did the Jumbotron thing, and Biz came back, and you guys were  we're all like, great job.
You guys are having the best time.
Big smiles.
Biz, he's just smiling.
He's loving it.
He's feeding off it.
It's like gasoline is getting poured on the fire of the great Biz
and his element of
people and just being a beauty so biz is like boys boys get some drinks get some beers we're going
into the people we're going down there with the people and i'm like do you think it's a good idea
we've got a pretty good setup up here you're like no no no it's a great idea let's go i'm like all
right so we wheeled down we wheeled down therey's just strutting with that little belly shirt
hanging out his underwear.
I go, your underwear is kind of  your pants are falling down
because you had like double beers in your back pockets.
You go, yeah, it's all good.
It's greasy.
I'm going greasy style.
Yeah, we can explain that a little bit.
So Harrison Cates and the Cates family were kind enough to give us
that summit club, right?
So it was an unreal experience.
We got to go up there, watch the game.
There was drinks.
There was plenty of food.
And we spent most of the time up there.
But after we'd done that Jumbo Chon thing during the third period,
we had a couple buddies down at those.
Are they called Loge Tables?
Yeah.
Incredible setup at that arena.
Incredible.
And we wanted to go take in that atmosphere because that was what it
was all about and then sure enough like it seemed like every period even though it was a blowout
midway through the second they even had those goals in the third that kept the pop going and
kept the energy in the building so to get to go down there and also experience that with one of
your buddies tootsie i don't i don't know his full name red toots check half wall unreal guy took
biz and i golfing then he said why don't you just come down to our loads like it was. I don't know his full name. Brad Tootscheck. Half wall. Unreal guy. Took Biz and I golfing. Then he said,
why don't you just come down to our loads?
Now, I don't know if he thought we were bringing
down nine people. We had the
Chicklets Army down there.
And the fact is,
I'll never forget. And
Florida fans, you guys are in the driver's
seat, no doubt. But if you don't think we're going to
talk about this night and this win,
you're crazy. But I will never forget looking around army remember we were like look at this place
everyone's dancing chanting singing they're singing along to living on a prayer singing
along to shania twain it was just a straight up party and like to feel that and be a part of that
after a heartbreaking game three loss for the oilers had a little bit of a comeback but flor Florida owned that game it was just like we got to kind of experience what we thought we would
when we headed out there Biz and I met Shania Twain at Daryl Cates's box that box that guy has
now granted it's an owner suite in a new arena it's nicer than Biz's apartment Scottsdale that's
for sure yeah absolutely I couldn't believe like what we have in the suite like
wheeling in there with our passes get these bracelets now we have like unfettered access
to everywhere with that elevator going up to the summit we were like bombing around there was like
ushers that like were pretty much our handlers or we're like where you guys want to go when we're
like we want to go to like the loge and the the guy's like, all right, he's walking with us the whole way there.
Because you need like an escort there.
This rink, or as Biz calls it, the megachurch.
It is, they did it.
It is unbelievable.
There's bars and restaurants underneath of restaurants on top of bars.
It's like a Dr. Seuss book.
I haven't, I guess Little Caesars is incredible.
I haven't been, but it's going to be tough to beat that.
I also, walking at one point in, like, the lobby or the Lodge,
like, some guy came up to me, like, after they made it 7-1,
and he's just low, and he's like,
he hugs me.
He's like, I hated you when you played here.
I hated you, but I love you so much right now, man.
I fucking love you.
I was like, I love you too, buddy.
Oh, my God.
Some guy came up to me at the bar later
when we were at, what was that bar called?
The Pint?
He was just greased.
And everyone was greased.
Like, this city, your point,
everyone was just absolutely buckled.
No more buckled than me the night before, though,
that turned the series around.
Thank you very much.
Murr had, or actually,
Army had the booze blues on Saturday. He didn't want to get back into it with the boys you know
when you have a buddy who's shame spiraling so hard because he got a little too wasted the night
before but we were good buddies and we hey we revved you back up did you go that whole saturday
no drinking no i did merle's got me up and kenny reed came and he's like hey we're going merle's
like i gotta watch this Euro soccer.
We got to find a quiet spot.
We got to get all greatest Merle story ever.
So I'm licking my wounds.
I'm feeling horrible.
I'm getting hugs from the boys every couple of minutes.
I'm like, can I get a hug?
Can I get a hug?
And the boys were great.
The boys brought me back.
The boys got me to the game.
The boys like saved me.
I needed to be around the boys and they were there.
Empty netter boys were there.
They showed up.
They're like,
what a night.
We had a blast.
Great guys.
I saw them with you guys last night.
But we're sitting there.
Merle's is like,
I need more sleep.
And Merle's like,
screw it.
I got this spot.
Let's go watch soccer.
I'm like,
all right.
So we go there.
We're like nursing.
I wanted to go somewhere besides Joey's once while we were in Edmonton.
We're,
we're,
we're met of pattern and we like to go to a lot of the same places.
So other than cactus club,
Joey's Greta,
the pint and what else?
Ice house.
Those are the only places where we hang out.
Oh,
and then this,
this,
this other place Bauer,
but I'll hand it over back over to you,
army.
Oh yeah.
And anyways,
we're there.
We're doing Merles is like going to
place a bet on like some soccer game. I don't
even know what's going on. My head's spinning
100 miles an hour. You know, when you got the blues,
you're just going. And
Merles puts a bet on this team. Anyways, the
underdog team comes out and scores 15
seconds into the game. But Merles' phone
is on, it's on like 2
because he didn't charge his phone the night
before. So he has it plugged in on the other side of the bar. There's patrons going around everywhere. He's trying because he didn't charge his phone so he hasn't plugged in on the
other side of the bar there's patrons going around everywhere he's trying to keep an eye on his phone
and then he and then he goes and then all of a sudden the other team comes down to score us a
tie at merles is like oh god i'm idiot i'm so lazy god i should have got up and live bet that
one i'm court i'm so lazy because my phone is charging he's doing the whole
burles thing i just died that brought me back to life burles that's saved that's why i'm here
i love you my god i tell you what of course let me what's merle stick of the trip oh sorry go ahead
yeah i was i've been waiting 16 minutes for ra to intro me but i guess i'll just jump in now
and uh trying but i know i'll tell you what I did all five games last year, the finals,
and they were calling it the Chicklets Decathlon.
We've only done two games, and they were in Edmonton,
and it's been harder than those five games last year,
and that was Vegas and Florida.
This run has been unbelievable.
Murray, did you hit your nose or something,
or is that just the lighting?
You look like  I don't know.
Did you  That's an old hockey injury. Oh, okay. Old hockey injury. you hit your nose somewhere is that just a lighting you look like i don't know did you
i don't have an old hockey okay old hockey injury this must be the lighting down here
unreal boys edmonton saturday morning unreal i hate myself wit i'm so depressed and shit
i need you bud where you at i go i'm on the golf course you were hilarious last night oh i really
hate myself i'm struggling
man it's not funny it's not hilarious right now buddy i'm in my own head man i'm a disgrace
guys can't take being hung over i told you guys i'm bad hangover guy and like overdid it got caught
up in the and being out west you know i'm the west guy i got there everyone was there i feel like i knew so many people i was like hey what's up oh my god
yeah what's going on holy smokes like it just one place to the next place it was just it was greater
and greater every time we went i got caught up in it you know i didn't i didn't know what i was
you guys were you know we were just going it was just Edmonton caught up in the buzz.
We were in the buzz.
But to that point, I got out of it, boys.
Thanks to good buddies like you guys.
Thanks to good guys.
But I'll say this.
That's the moral of the story.
Yeah, pick up the phone, call someone.
But I'll say this.
I'll say this.
And I mean it.
I think I turned the series around for the Oilers, boys,
the night before the game.
Just getting unleashed like that on the city of Edmonton,
they needed somebody to set the tone, all right?
And I did it.
So maybe we'll see.
We'll see what happens tonight, boys.
But I think I may have turned it.
I will say, R.M.E., there was zero buzz in that city
and that arena before game three.
But game four that day, it was different. Well but yeah it was weird it was different well keep
in mind it was a thursday so it was a work day so probably not as many people downtown and in the
moss pit pre-game we alluded to it on friday there was definitely some nervous energy but as
wit said to start the pod like it was like we have nothing to lose. And they came out, guys in the blazing. What's they have eight goals,
seven of which from different goal scores.
So listen,
we're obviously going to have to talk about Florida a little bit too.
I'm sure there's Florida fantasy right now.
You guys have this series in a chokehold right now.
I think that this series ends in five at home,
very similar to Vegas,
where we said it's the biggest lock of the century,
as far as hammering down a bet.
From my understanding, a lot of these guys going through this experience
for the first time for Florida, game four in a potential closeout game,
all of a sudden all your family's flying in, you're worrying about tickets
and all these different distractions.
So although I did run into mess yesterday and he says a game five closeout game
at home is one of the hardest things
but like i said last year you saw vegas pull it off i just think way too many weapons they're
going to come home refocused way less distractions and i think that they're going to give them a beat
down and and probably a um for edmonton yeah they unleashed a fury dumbing them with eight goals
but you don't think that's going to put a little bit more pep in Florida's steps,
saying let's fucking come back and beat the wheels off these motherfuckers?
I am very scared of that.
And as Oilers fans are like, we got to Bob.
We got to him.
He got pulled.
I'm more like Bob could come out tonight with the performance of his lifetime.
Like, I don't think because Bob got pulled that all of a sudden tonight,
it's going to be the same thing where he's getting lit up.
So I'm, I'm very nervous about tonight.
If, if they somehow win tonight, it's going seven.
They're not losing in Edmonton again, no chance.
But what scares me also is that it's very similar.
I know this might seem like a reach, but last night, watch the Celtics.
They closed it out.
Another championship for the city of Boston.
It was the same thing.
The Celts go up 3-0.
They get crushed trying to end it on the road game four,
come back home and dust them.
And along with that, Jason Tatum gets his first title
and his buddy from high school, Matthew Kachuk,
has the chance to do the exact same thing in a series.
Now, the question is, is Kachuk going to really show up tonight?
It's been odd to see Florida in this good of a position.
If you saw Florida up three to one going into game five, you would think Kachuk's been lightening up.
I would at least. And he's been quiet in the finals.
Who knows about health as it is with everyone right now.
But they have the chance to kind of completely mirror the NBA.
And they're going to come out, and they're going to be flying.
It's kind of like that first period for the Oilers.
Can they get through this first period tied or somehow up a goal?
Then it's game on.
But Florida's going to bring it at the beginning.
Back to game four quickly, though.
I know it was 8-1.
But maybe the biggest play of the game was Skinner quickly though i know it was 8-1 but maybe the biggest
play of the game was skinner's save on that two-on-one on card of her haggie right there look
at that save now verhage kind of whiffed on it a touch if he gets full wood on that he's probably
putting itself we've seen that guy be clutch but dude if it's 2-2 going into the first period
after how the oilers played you're like oh Jesus but he comes across makes
that incredible save and then Oilers just turned it on I think there has to be a little discussion
about Connor Brown him and Yanmark they've been so good this entire playoff shorthanded specifically
and what's cool for Connor Brown we went back to the Vancouver series when he had like that
hilarious quote like everyone and their dogs picking on darnell like his accent was hilarious i love that
quote but he has looked phenomenal and he talked i guess yesterday about that acl surgery dude
sometimes it's a full year and it seems like it's now the time where he's fully back to like 100
healthy feels like himself again and his skating i, he created the first goal that Janmark got to make it 1-0.
He was buzzing around everywhere, hitting everything that moves.
So it's pretty cool to see the depth players play that big of a role in an elimination game or a final game.
He's flying.
I want to go quickly about because
Chuck, he just looks worn down to
me. And I mean, the guy's been a
warrior for two years straight now
dragging that team around.
So I'm the same as you.
But I was like, if Florida is going
to win, you would think he would be
in the con smite talk.
But yeah, he's kind of dropped out
of that. It's crazy.
Do you think that game last game
affects? Do you think that last game affects Bobrovsky maybe to win at boys or crazy do you think that game last game affects do you think that last game
affects Bobrovsky maybe to win it boys or you don't think that has anything to do with it I
just think that was crazy with like after game game three it was like Bob Conn Smythe it was it
was all these conversations and then I feel I feel like while I was watching that game I'm like
every single thing that the tires were pumped on that like this is going to be happening.
I feel like it took a took a shot.
I feel like all those little things took a shot.
So, you know, and in that night, too, you know, McDavid passes Wayne Gretzky for most assists on a playoff run.
And I'm like, can you imagine if they come back?
Like, you know, no one everyone's talking about the Panthers guys, the Panthers guys.
And then McDavid has a huge night sets.
And then we saw NHL history there, boys.
It was, it was awesome.
It was sick.
I said 34 assists.
Like that's a hell of a season.
I think Bob can rebound though.
I like, I like Bob is Bob, you know, he's third.
What is he?
36 years old, right?
36.
Like he he's arrived like this. Thirty six years old, right? Thirty six.
Like he's arrived like this.
Like these guys are ready to be champions.
I think the Panthers and Bob's like been a massive part of that.
I don't think it's anything like you see when he took off his bucky guts over there.
He's just like he's like, yeah, I got it.
Next game.
He's like, yeah, yeah.
Take the rest.
So so before that game, he was minus five hundred for Conn Smythe.
And I think now if you look on DraftK's like closer closer to even money so it's switched big time yeah and then even talking
to all the great fans of florida yesterday at the meet and greet pink whitney um all of them
every guy i asked i had that was my question of the night you know to get the conversation going
who's your con smite pick all Every Florida fan said Barkov. No
question. Yeah, I agree.
I think that's the safe pick. I think it's Barkov too.
Especially after the last one. Boys,
the one impressive
thing for me is just how
good the Oilers' bottom six have been
the last two games. First two
games, I think everybody was sleeping for the
Oilers and nobody really made a
major impact. But right now I feel like they have the edge in the series and and obviously there's a
few stars for the Florida Panthers that need to elevate their play we mentioned Matthew Kachuk
and really they need to all put it together um in game five in order to have a nice closeout
but man if all of a sudden you're getting the contributions from McDavid and Dreisaitl and
they're going and then you're getting the bottom six for the others playing the way they
have the last couple of games.
I would say the last couple of games,
that's the best they've looked all playoffs.
Like the way that they're skating,
making plays.
The one thing too,
I think it was in game four,
that first goal they scored.
I forget who it was,
but the player who made the pass,
the patience holding out and yeah, out patience, holding out and, yeah,
outweighing Bobrovsky there, not just shooting it at him.
So that little extra bit of patience to me was as a result of them skating,
moving their feet, and creating those opportunities.
But also, it also looked like all those compliments we'd given Florida
about how quickly they can close and how they don't give you nothing to the inside that completely went away and got eliminated so once again going back
to what my theory is for game five as good as the bottom six for Edmonton's been as good as
McDavid and Dreisaitl were last game you have to imagine we see the Florida Panthers that we have
the whole playoffs one little nugget too this one is not so good for the Florida Panthers based on that last game performance, and G just sent this over.
No team has won the Cup after losing a playoff game
by seven or more goals since the Leafs in 1947.
So that's just a routing little nugget,
but let's see if the Panthers can regroup here tonight
and take her home on home ice.
All right, Biz, we've got a few more numbers we'll get to in a second,
but first we have a word from our sponsor.
Did you know you can get tickets to Pearl Jam over the Fenway for about 200?
That's a bargain for one of the best bands in the last 30, 40 years,
especially if you've seen them before.
They put on an unreal show, and that's right.
Thanks to Game Time, the official ticketing partner of Postal Sports.
Because you shouldn't have to worry when you're buying tickets to your next big event.
GameTime is the fast and easy way to buy tickets to all the sports, comedy, music, theater, anything going on in your hood.
Boom. GameTime hooks you up because they have flash deals for sudden discounts.
Zone deals for when you're feeling flexible.
And their lowest price guarantee
means that if you can find the same seats for less anywhere else game time will credit you 110
of the difference unreal deal right there and game time is the best place for last minute seats
with up to 60 off of your favorite events so what are you waiting for i'm going to snag these
pearl gym tickets right now this sept. Can't wait. Two months
away, so I'll enjoy the summer in the meantime.
So take the guesswork out of buying
tickets with GameTime. Download
the GameTime app, create an
account, and use code CHICKLETS for
20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
What did you guys make of Tom?
Boys, I'm on the GameTime app right now.
There's tons of seats still left some high
prices but if you're down here in florida plenty of room left i see one 650 bucks i see one 3200
bucks so i saw something yeah they were like someone said the average uh ticket price was
like 1500 and then i saw like later last night like as it went into it, someone said the prices came back down to like 800 bucks or something like that
per average price per ticket or something.
You can find some on there.
So get them while you can.
What did you guys make of Connor Brown's comments
where he was mentioning before game four,
like we feel like we've kind of, I don't know if he said dominated
or really, I think he might have said controlled the series.
And I kind of laughed at it.
Being down 3-0, I don't really think you could say that.
But after it's 3-1 now, I would say overall it's been pretty even, the series.
I would say even is fair.
So it could easily be 2-2.
And I just think that people were,
Florida fans were kind of flipping out,
which I see.
You're down 3-0,
and you're saying you've controlled the series.
It's like the Brindamore.
We didn't get swept.
But it has been way more even than 3-1 shows.
This is what it is.
It's just been that every mistake before game four
that the Oilers made ended up in the back of their net.
So no doubt to me, their biggest, their most important player tonight is Skinner
because Skinner stole game six.
If he could steal this one, then you're like,
all right, there's something brewing here, who knows.
It's still such a long way to go that without big-time goaltending tonight,
they're probably fucked.
I think Skinner stole last game.
I think Skinner stole it just because of the timeliness of his saves earlier
in the game,
the Verhege save.
There's another couple of bang bangs across.
I believe it was dry,
dry sidle.
I believe Connor had a little bunt through the crease coming back across as
well.
Like he,
he saved goals or save chances at like when the score was like likely when
you guys were going to go on the Jumbotron for your little craziness at like three one or two one like it was it was right there so um i think
that was his uh like big game that he stole and looking back on it guys how big was game one
oh no and that's always the case what all right what did you say i think it's like 75 percent of
game one winners or something win the Cup.
Yeah, and the Stanley Cup Final, the number goes way, way up.
I think it's close to 80.
If they win the first two, it is over 80.
But back to Skinner for a minute, Ami.
When Tarasenko made a cut up to 2-1,
you could feel the air kind of come out of that building,
like, oh, no, here we go again.
And he made a couple of monster saves right there.
He kept that game within reach, and then, you know,
the Oilers blew them out eventually.
But that's a great point you made, man.
Skinner, I think his role might have been a little diminished because of the eight goals.
The score, yeah.
As for Bobrovsky, I don't really have an EBR rule book like Merles does.
But any time during the season that a number one goaltender gets lit up to that extent,
that gets pulled, always load up on them the next game.
They always come back.
These guys are full of pride, especially goalies of that caliber.
So, I mean, if I was a gambling man, I would probably load up on them the next game. They always come back. These guys are full of pride, especially goalies of that caliber. So, I mean, if I was a gambling man, I would probably load up on Florida
tonight just on the Bob Rossi factor alone.
But great point about Skinner.
That's what I wanted to mention.
But I will say this.
I know, like, all the stuff, and Merle's, I've been sitting with you.
You've been hugging me.
I've been listening.
We've been watching.
We have our picks, Merle's.
But it's like every time we think something
it's the opposite i don't know what's going on like i and i seen this is where i get crazy here
oilers last series against dallas they were the boa constrictor team of the playoffs now we got
the anaconda chokeholders but they after the series wore in they figured out dallas they figured it
out and they started to tick along and all of a sudden they just took the series wore in, they figured out Dallas. They figured it out, and they started to tick along,
and all of a sudden they just took the series over, took every game.
It was like they solved the Rubik's Cube.
Maybe did they wait too long?
Maybe the Florida Panthers are different.
I think they are.
But the Oilers team, they're all saying,
we've done this before, we've done this before.
We play better when our back's against the wall.
This is what we do.
And they've kind of proved it.
And so that's where my brain starts going, oh, boy,
what's going to happen tonight?
Tonight is just like an absolute toss-up game, home ice,
cups in the building, family and friends, all this crazy stuff.
And I think the Oilers still have, like,
they still are loosey-goosey playing for their lives, yeah,
but, like, they have nothing to lose, just like last game.
Murr, what do you think happens tonight?
Murr, yeah, I got to hear this.
I'll give you a stat, Whit.
I came across this stat.
Edmonton Oilers, after losing three straight games under Knobloch,
5-0 run after it, 16-0 run after it, and an 8-0 run after it.
So 4-0 seems pretty easy when you look at those stats.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to give you another stat.
Bobrovsky, 4-1 after losses this playoffs with a 1.97 GAA.
That being said, all that said, asked a million times last night,
what's the play, what's the play, bouncing back and forth.
When you bounce back and forth, you take the draw.
So I am on the draw tonight.
I'm saying it's going to be 3-2 overtime,
and something's telling me Oilers.
Something's telling me Oilers in overtime.
Wow.
Okay.
Merle, what tells you?
This is how I think the Oilers are going to win if they win,
and if it, whatever.
They have to score first. I really believe, whatever, they have to score first.
I really believe that.
And they have to get a power play goal.
And I, I, I think that's the last game, but it was five on three.
So yeah.
And they got a shorty two on four goal.
The shorty was huge.
Shorty was insane.
Shorty got the building rocking shorty out of the gates was huge.
Special teams goal, but the power play has to get life.
And they did this in Dallas too.
They had that one game where they actually finally struck through.
And then they just took the completely took the tides of that series.
So that's what, that's what I think is a recipe.
So easier said than done against, you know, Anaconda chokehold, but
that's how it has to play out.
Boys.
My main reason on Oilers is because nobody wants to go back to edmonton all this media all these fans nobody wants to go back up there i
don't have any clean underwear left i'm down to my last pair i got one pair of socks left
it's it's going back there because none of us wanted to go back there
boys um maybe a little maybe a little bit more energy
from the bottom six for Florida.
They haven't been bad per se, but they did have some guys
who are sitting out who can make impact.
So my understanding is Ryan Lamborghini is in the lineup tonight.
So I would expect this to be a lot more physical game as well.
I didn't feel like Florida came out really hitting and was that physical,
other than the scrums, which we saw a shit ton of,
given the fact that the score got out of hand.
But look for Lamborghini to make an impact of that,
the hyena pack on the bottom line going mutant mode.
I have another.
This is a Merle's take, but I I'm, I'm with him again.
Now granted games out of hand,
but Bennett,
like a lifelong friend of McDavid is just jabbing him in the face.
And yes,
McDavid's actually laughing at him.
But at that point,
I just,
somebody just come top over the top rope and just choke this guy out.
And,
and actually Florida fans were very upset.
I got the sense of on the nurse knee on Bennett.
I actually thought right away that might have been a five-minute major.
But once I saw the replay, I think two minutes was correct.
Did you guys maybe think that that could have been a five, any of you?
I was just getting drunk with fans.
I didn't really see that.
I was so worried about finding the next cock to suck.
When I first saw it,
I thought, no way that's a five.
When I first saw it. Oh, okay.
I kind of thought the opposite. Yeah.
No, I just thought, like, what are you supposed
to do? I didn't think. And then we saw
it. He didn't deviate.
We had the game three one where
what was it, R.A.? On Luster
Reinen, right? The pop-out knee.
You were going bananas.
You thought he should have been kicked out of the NHL.
Right?
Yeah, I thought that was particularly dirty.
The other night, nurses.
The Fogle one?
Huh?
Yeah, Fogle.
The Fogle one?
Yeah, Fogle.
Yeah, Fogle.
That was a dirty knee.
As far as the other night, nurse.
During the regular season, if he got five for it, I could maybe see.
But I don't think he warranted five the other night. I mean, you know, I don't think it was as blatant as the other night nurse i during the regular season with if he got if he got five for it i could maybe see but i i don't think he warranted five the other night i mean you know i
don't think it was as blatant as the fog one but wait i want to ask you what did you think of
nurses game overall obviously he got on the board with with the big goal there what was his uh game
overall to you um it was it was better a great goal uh it was pretty funny like he iced one
in the first period i was was sitting with you, Jerry.
Nobody near him.
He rips it off the boards.
It's icing.
And there's a fan by me.
He just starts screaming, nine and a quarter.
Nine and a fucking quarter a year.
So I was happy for him.
They ended up getting the goal.
But, God, when he got that knee, I'm like, if this is a five,
this guy's going to get booted out of this game, like bought out possibly.
Like what a way to go if it's the Oilers' last game.
But happy for him.
I mean, it's been a tough playoff, right?
There's no other way to put it.
But let's see what he's got.
I mean, tonight's going to have to be the best game of his season.
Can he put a performance together?
Can he be as rough and hard to play against as he was when he got called out against Dallas
and had the 12 hits or whatever, Vancouver?
Yeah, I also think that I was reminded, apparently in late January or February on a Chicklets episode,
I called this as the Cup Final.
I don't think that that was like a crazy reach.
Obviously, they were the two best teams in the league at the time.
But I said going into game four, it's going to be really hard for Edmonton to come back.
It's going to be near impossible.
You never know.
They're never dead, but it's going to be near impossible.
But I think they'll win the cup next year.
Similar to how Florida got dusted, even though they were all injured in the finals.
Like, well, Florida could get it done next year.
I think no matter what, the Oilers are winning the cup next year if they come back this
year it's back to back if they don't they're winning it next year you know one of the major
reasons i think i think that this philip broberg is fucking awesome like the fact that next year
you now know he looks like a like a top four defenseman he
skates like the wind he's about six three we saw him at eating at friggin joey's the night before
game four this poor guy's probably been in a hotel for five months but they got a player on their
hands dude they have a defenseman that's going to be able to make a difference for a long time
first round pick takes you a little longer but buddy if you're adding him
to the mix next year the way he's looked these past few games i am loving the future of the
edmonton rose not to mention frank cerevalli who i think would you say cerevalli and elliot are the
the two big dogs in the insider game like i think maybe elliot's a little above him but
cerevalli's right there he came out and said
that discussions are already ongoing about a Leon extension which music to the music to the ears of
Oilers fans to think like if he's coming back McDavid's coming back so a lot of excitement
around right now around the Oilers and this is how the the playoffs go as as we've seen a team
goes up to one and all this series is over and then the team comes we've seen, a team goes up 2-1 and, oh, this series is over. And then the team
comes back 3-2. Oh, that team's got it.
So right now, Oilers fans are confident.
Florida fans maybe have a little bit of worry.
But it can all end so quick tonight
if they show up with their A game. Florida's
A game is when you can't get to
the crease and when you somehow get a chance,
Bobrovsky shuts you out. If that is
the case tonight, this series is over.
But I do believe in the Oilers tonight.
I know it's going to take a miracle.
Not a miracle.
It's going to take the best effort of their season
and probably a couple weak ones from Bob.
But I love Merles' overtime call.
And I believe, tell me if I'm wrong,
the last OT winner to win the Stanley Cup, Alec Martinez, for the LA Kings?
I think before that was Patrick Kane. to win the Stanley Cup, Alec Martinez for the LA Kings?
I think before that was Patrick Kane.
So, overtime in a cup-clinching game,
there's no better thing to watch in the world.
You guys are going to be in the building.
Well, you did mention a Leon extension,
and not to make this about the Toronto Maple Leafs,
but I'm going to.
I am hearing rumblings they're in the process of negotiating Mitch Marner's new contract.
No way.
Yes.
What do you think?
You don't like it?
Well, it depends on the money. If the money's what you said, you wouldn't care.
No, I said I would be totally fine running it back and making Mitch Marner play out his contract here.
I thought you also said, hey, Mitch, if you want this extension at 9 million a year, fine.
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
That's fair.
But we all know that's not going to happen.
And if they overpay him and give him like 11.5 million,
even 12 million again, I think it's fucking absurd
with not making him play out the year
and then show me what you can do in playoffs.
If you demand 11.5 million, 12 million, me what you can do in playoffs. If you demand 11 and a half, 12,
12 million,
you need to be dominant in playoffs.
And we've never really seen that next level from him.
If you guys want to talk,
uh,
patience and sometimes it takes people a while to,
to find that gear.
I mean,
like,
I'm not saying like,
like Barkov was awesome last year too.
Obviously he's found that new gear,
but by no means going back to last year
or even the years before that
was he like a dud come playoff time
and not noticeable
and then making just as,
I would say, significant mistakes
and not showing effort.
So overall, I just wanted to mention
that that was a rumor boys thing
and I heard that he was going to get the extension.
Biz, as the Leafs jock sniffer,
take me into Tree Living's mind
and as to why he would do that.
Could you give a reason as to why
you'd give him a big extension right now?
Like, what is even...
Are you so afraid of getting rinsed on a trade?
Rinsed.
That's what it's got to be.
Yeah, yeah.
I would say that that's part of it.
And also, like, I've said this time and time again, like, regular season-wise,
this guy's a top, what, 20 forward every year?
He's pretty solid defensively.
Did he win a Selke?
Or was he nominated for a Selke at one point?
I don't think he's won one, but I think in the last, like,
two or three years he's been nominated.
He's a guy who's going to get you between 80 and 100 points every year.
I think he wasn't completely healthy the whole season last year,
but overall, I mean, there aren't many forwards out there like Mitch Marner,
and it's kind of this thing where I guess you just have to sign him
and hope that he does find his playoff game and brings it to the next level.
Maybe it's a belief in Chief, Army.
You're right.
That's it.
But that's why I said, why won't you at least wait two,
three quarters of the year and see what he's capable of?
Because then you are fucked.
If he's not what you thought Chief could turn him into,
even though you wouldn't know it to the playoffs,
you're not re-signing him, and then you get shit in return.
They went for a cup of coffee at Starbucks,
and you're ready to fucking re-sign the guy?
Like, have him play half a year.
I'll do anything, coach.
What's saying is the leverage is like,
once they know that he's not going to come back,
you don't think the word's going to get out there.
It'll get out there that like, hey, he's not feeling's not feeling it in November and they're going to be like,
ah,
shit.
And then the team's going to go to trade them and they're going to get
like a,
you know,
a third in 2028.
And like,
as opposed to what sign them,
knowing that it's not working with the,
with the new coach.
Yeah.
Like,
yeah,
no,
it's pretty much,
I think biz,
I think it's sign them now or decide he'll never be on.
It's like sign or trade.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I would like to personally just watch him,
see how the chemistry works with Berube,
give it a half a season even,
and then start figuring out whether you want to re-sign him or not.
And then obviously that'll become a distraction
right before they're going into playoffs if he hasn't signed.
But I digress.
I just wanted to bring that up since you guys mentioned Leon.
And I would like to see Leon stay in Edmonton.
We were talking about it.
You think if you're a kid from Germany and you went to experience all you did
with the Oilers for that amount of time and how you go into a city
where it's nonstop and you can't really find that escape,
at a certain point you think a guy of that magnitude and that stature
would want to go to
maybe even like a bigger american market and a place where you can get away and there is escaped
not like like edmonton i know it's kind of taking the focus off of everything they have going now
but merles we were talking about it you were would you be surprised if he ended up back there
i mean just look at us down here the difference when we're in Edmonton
and then all of a sudden we're down here
looking at palm trees and the blue water.
I don't know.
I don't see him staying there.
If I had a place to bet,
I know I'm not the hottest gambler in the world right now,
but I don't see him staying up there.
He'd be more likely to leave
if they came back and won it this year.
I feel like these two these two guys are like legendary players.
McDavid will go down as one of the greatest of all time.
And it's probably like some sort of pride and ego of like, we came here to win a cup.
Like, we're winning a fucking cup here.
And not to mention, you're on the road half the year you're in these amazing cities
yeah the winter in edmonton's a grind but you're also on a great team you're like i said you're
traveling during the season and summers you go wherever you want and uh yeah sign a monster deal
leon it doesn't matter he's already set for life with money you're not getting these fucking back
door tap-ins from anyone else in the league like it's not going to be the same game if you're not getting these fucking backdoor tap-ins from anyone else in the league.
Like, it's not going to be the same game if you're not playing with McDavid.
So if McDavid were to tell him, hey, I don't know if I'm sticking around the year after,
he's a year after, then it's gonzo.
But if McDavid's like, let's get it done here,
Leon, I don't know, man.
He could look at it like, I'm going to stick it out with this guy.
We're going to get a cup.
Now, if they were to win it this year, I would say all bets are off.
Yeah.
I would say this.
He played in Prince Albert in the Western League, went to Kelowna,
Western League, plays in Edmonton.
He's fine out West, I think.
I think he's fine.
I think he's a Western guy.
That's coming from a Sasky boy.
When Armie was shit-faced the other night, he was like, I'm a fucking Sasky boy. Fucking rat on the ice, party off the ice. That's Sasky boy. He's a shit face. The other night, I'm a fucking Sasky boy.
Fucking rat on the ice party off the ice.
That's Sasky boy.
I was full blown Sasky,
but I think that to your point though,
before we went to Marner with those guys,
a lot of the people in Edmonton,
the fans,
the people we saw out and about walking around,
that was a huge question that I got asked.
What's going to happen with those two guys?
Or do you think they're going to sign?
You think they're going to stay?
So there's like definitely amongst the Stanley Cup fever, amongst the crazy shit face,
hanging out of cars, drinking, waving flags till two o'clock in the morning, sun still out.
There's still that in Edmonton Oiler fans head.
It's like, are we going to, is this we gonna is this is this is this it like are we
gonna have a kick at this are these guys
gonna want to stay here so that's that's
a big thing I think that's a good segue
just quickly army you mentioned the fans
like all the people we got to meet
whether they were at the appearances or
just on the street just thank you guys
for all your love and support it was
great interacting with all you and
amongst the chaos,
we had a blast and it was a time we'll never forget.
So whether it was at Ice House for the Pink Whitney appearance,
whether it was at Greta for that Pink Whitney pop up with the bubble
hockey, whether it was at the pint, the list goes on.
In the arena, everywhere.
You guys are the best.
So we love you guys.
And sorry, sorry.
We're speculating about your, your big dog getting traded right before. Edon's unreal hey boys i'm so glad you guys got you got back there yes
for me to go there with you guys experience the chicklets you know ferocity uh work in the streets
busy back on the piss again like that was that was electric that was so electric that western
hospitality already we just got traded.
So we got treated like Western hospitality is nothing like it.
You know what? It was awesome.
We got a great though.
What?
I got pigeon tossed by Gary Bettman.
I mean, I'm pretty sure Gary Bettman hates my guts.
We got to see Gary at lunch.
Army went over and said, hi, Biz and Gary are like this.
They're boys.
And we convinced him and Bill Daly to take a picture with us,
which was great.
And we get outside and say, hey, Gary, great to see you.
And I give him the hand.
And he looks away and just dead fishes my ass.
And I felt like I was taking like Cersei Lannister's hand from the Game of Thrones.
Like, what are you doing touching me, sir?
And, you know, Biz is tight with him.
But I was like, did I say something about Gary?
Biz is the one that called you Kim Jong-un.
I've been just calling you the guy who said welcome to the NHL on the stage when I was drafted fifth overall.
So that was kind of a kick in the dick.
I think besides biz ripping the shirt off and choking that guy out in the
jumbotron,
the text you sent to Gary was maybe the funniest thing I've ever seen.
Gary texts biz right after the jumbotron.
It says,
has anyone told you you're insane?
And it sends back some laughy face emojis and gary writes something else you
know what biz wrote back to him hey gary you getting after it tonight i thought maybe you
would celebrate on the town with us getting after what
we're part of the emoji gang we're boys now you're getting after it tonight gary
uh getting after what paul he. Getting after what, Paul?
He goes,
you know,
just hitting the town.
Oh, my God.
All right, boys.
We've got to take
a laugh break here
for our sponsor.
We'll be right back
in a second.
All right, everybody.
Before we go any further,
here's a few words
from our friends
over at Sport Clips.
Hey, guys.
Your hair may grow
fast but after going to sport clips haircuts you'll wish it grew even faster that's because
sport clips has the best seats in here and that may or may not be because they happen to be right
in front of tvs playing sports all day every day we know that watching sports while getting a haircut
sure beats watching your mug looking back in the mirror. I certainly attest to that, which is why at Sport Clips, every day is clippers and curveballs,
high tops and Hail Marys, and even waves and wickets.
You know, hearing to that kind of thing.
At Sport Clips, you can check in with the pros and mens here and totally check out with pure uninterrupted relaxation.
So yeah, come watch an endless stream of sports on TV while getting an awesome haircut.
I know I haven't got much left on top, but when I got to take it down the nub, boom,
Sport Clips right across the street.
They do a fantastic job.
Sit there, watch the highlights from the night before.
Some nice goals, some nice saves, whatever's up there.
But either way, Sport Clips, it's a game changer.
Yeah, I'm talking about the hospitality out there.
The people were great.
You know, we got a few other thank yous.
Obviously, we mentioned Greta, Canadian Ice House, Ryan Jesperson, John Hicks,
Joey's Bell Tower, Cactus Club.
I think we paid their mortgage for the month.
But I'll tell you the coolest thing I think I saw, I was a little late getting into the game,
the second one there, is I was outside when they were singing the the national anthem so i got to see all the people singing it i mean it's one thing in the building
but to be outside and have tens of thousands of people singing the national anthem line was awesome
was an awesome little moment i got to i got to catch out yeah check out before i get into the
game so it was great stuff though like you're talking about army the people there with dynamite
is he there i don't know i don't know if he was still frozen there bro how you doing buddy you
get major travel, buddy.
I know you come all the way from Sweden. How you feeling,
buddy? What's your feeling going into
the game tonight?
Your interview
is playing.
I feel like I've played a
seven-game series.
It was good.
We did last night because my throat, I had no
voice by the end of Edmonton.
I had to go up and talk to everybody like this, holding my voice,
like one of those guys, the voice box.
But last night at the Pink Whitney event, yeah, of course,
we were ripping the shots like we always do.
But the bartender mixed me up a little frozen lemonade with the Pink Whitney.
So it was like a, oh, and it was just just soothing the throat and you can't really
drink those too fast you know because you get the brain freeze so i'm actually feeling pretty good
i went down took a swim this morning down in the pool i'm feeling good i'm i'm ready to celebrate
the cup if we have to go chase the cup tonight till four or five in the morning like last year
in vegas but i i really something inside me is just telling me
it's not going to happen for us.
It's going to be the Oilers.
So that's my field, R.A.
I'm ready.
I'm ready to get down to the elbow room again.
R.A., there's some people.
Go ahead.
No, go ahead.
I was just going to ask.
R.A., there are people asking, like, what was the full situation
with your love life throughout the course of the Edmonton trip?
Obviously, it didn't seem like Tits McGee and you worked out.
I don't know if you guys are still text friends.
I don't know if you've moved on.
We did see you moving and grooving and did link up with one of the most beautiful women
we saw in Edmonton the whole weekend.
And boys, we looked down the bar and our Ray and her were just in midst of locked
eyes,
unbelievable conversation to the point where I thought we were going to
have our first chicklets wedding.
Yeah.
Not much to report on that front.
As far as McGee,
as you call it.
Yeah.
We.
Let me just put this on.
I know there's this whole play up of romantic.
There was no romantic,
like nothing. I know we will have in front of of romantic. There was no romantic, like, nothing.
I know we haven't found in the show.
We didn't end up meeting up.
I basically didn't end up.
I don't know if we had tickets, whatever the situation was.
As far as the pretty girl at Edmonton, yeah.
Talked to a pretty girl for a couple days.
I think she meant we're looking for a prettier guy by the end of the conversation.
Nothing to report there.
Yeah, another OFA.
I know people don't know shit out there.
But, yeah, I wish I had some stories for her. i know that i'm gonna tell stories and talk out of school
because i'm a gentleman like that but uh zero who thinks i wish i had some stories for you not
like i'd tell some stories well i can do for my use of my in a way as a gentleman with all right
she dropped a video too i respected her video but do you not want to go into like what you told me,
how she approached you before we had her on the show
in which people were all over us
when she kind of did a complete 180?
Do you want to mention that or no?
Yeah, there's also like, you know,
respect on her privacy or whatever.
Yeah, I basically think she got cold feet.
I mean, I don't want to speak for her.
I think before the show she was on with us,
I think there was a little more enthusiasm. And I don't want to speak for her. I think before the show, she was on with us. I think there was a little more enthusiasm.
And I don't know if everything just kind of hit her at once.
You know, I know she had other business opportunities that I don't think she pursued.
Yeah, but when you say that, when you say business opportunities, like from my understanding,
like she wanted to try to capitalize off of this.
Obviously, she's the one who whipped out her tits in public.
So, like, it's hard to say, whipped out her tits in public. So like,
it's like, it's hard to say,
Oh,
I want my privacy.
It's like,
uh,
so did everybody else.
Right.
Uh,
and then now,
like it seemed like maybe she was ready to like get a webcam and a ring light
and some lingerie and maybe some,
wasn't she ready to maybe potentially take her skills to only fans.
That's,
I think that was the direction I said, if you look,
if you want to make money off this, I don't blame you.
The whole world's seen your tits, but that that's the way to go.
I'm not telling you what to do.
And I think she was going that way.
And I think she bailed out last minute,
unless she's dropped it since then and put it out there.
Yeah.
I think she was going to plan on doing only fans and then whatever,
maybe got cold feet.
I mean, she's got, you know,
family and stuff that I don't think was particularly maybe happy about
everything that transpired.
But, yeah, we didn't end up hooking up.
But who knows?
See what happens.
Maybe this game sucks.
So you consulted her.
That was very kind of you, especially doing it pro bono, where I'm sure you didn't get any money from that.
So very kind.
Now, you obviously quickly got over her.
And then how did you meet that blonde?
Because she was i thought honestly i was waiting for either you guys or like ashton kutcher to pop out of the
bushes to tell me i was getting punked because she was smoking right i started talking to her
we were at that bar the second bar we went to biz um after we left the ackles club that night
and uh dude like i had that conor mcdavid pin on remember though you wanted a trade
i'm like oh i like this one the big jesus one and she's like oh i like your pin and then
started talking to her and it wasn't like she was like a old chick that's fair and she said
ironically enough she goes oh i just listened my first episode last week when you had the girl who
whipped her tits oh yeah oh yeah just oh yeah that's a lie yeah right so i was like i don't
know but we we hung out.
I invited her.
I was like, hey, we're doing a live show tomorrow.
I invited her to come by the studio.
She come by.
I was like, and she came from work, too.
So she was kind of gussied up.
I was like, I looked.
I looked at the girls.
I kind of gave like the way it might have been.
I was like, there you go.
All right.
What's up with my first?
Now, I got a little breaking news here.
Matthew Kachuk has gone full Messier mode.
No.
And pretty much guaranteed a victory tonight.
No.
I just saw that in the chat.
We have a chance to go capture the biggest goal of our lives tonight,
and we're going to do that.
That's a fucking guarantee to me.
That's a Messier guarantee. That a mark messier and we're gonna
go do that right there you're saying we're gonna win oh boys oh so the man who knows that he's
called out for not being his usual dynamic incredible player in the finals knows he has
to step up. And he decides
to put it all on the line with the media
and then in turn, it goes to the
Edmonton locker room where Connor McDavid's
looking at it. You're going to guarantee a
cup victory versus me? This is awesome.
This is what the series needed,
boys. This is what the
series needed. This just changed everything.
And you could say I'm
being ridiculous here. And it was already game five of the cup final. No, no, no, no. And you could say I'm being ridiculous here.
And it was already game five of the cup final.
No, no, no, no.
When you got a guarantee, when you got a guarantee to win the Stanley Cup on home ice,
if you lose, the Oilers got this motherfucker.
The Oilers win tonight, boys.
Did you go any time goal score for Kachuk now?
Is that an automatic with the guarantee?
Like, what does EBR say?
Well, he's supposed to get a hat trick.
He's supposed to get a hat trick now after that.
Well, let's start with one.
I have a parlay on DraftKings Sportsbook already.
I had over five and a half goals with our boy Rhino and Leon each to score a goal.
And, man, now with Kachuk i i want to add him into that
thing i think but kachuk anytime goal scorer right now is plus 185 so i'll probably sprinkle the
parlay and sprinkle a little bit on him to see if he can go full messier i mean this turns into
if kachuk scores tonight and they win i I mean, you're an all-time legend.
It'll be talked about the rest of his life.
If you go lay an egg.
What about him in overtime?
Imagine he scores OT winner, 50-1, OT winner.
Is that already on there, Matthew Kachuk, OT winner?
Yeah.
Is that what it is? Is that what it is is that what it is Merle
yeah
some of those names are huge too Merle like some of the
like defensemen lower guys in the lineup you get
like crazy high numbers on that right
like oh yeah
Darnell Nurse 250 to 1
that's like yeah
for the OT winner yeah some good
ones I tell you what that goal the other night,
he looked like a left wing coming down the slot there,
picking that up and sniping, didn't he?
Oh, wow.
That was good, Merle.
If Nurse ever plays forward in an NHL game, Merle's head's going to explode.
I think the guarantee kind of got us distracted from the fact that
R.A. said McJesus almost got him laid with his pin,
and even McDavid can't help R.A. score.
So that says a lot.
That would have been the biggest assist of the season right there.
That can happen.
I see a lot of people in the chat.
A lot of Florida fans in the chat are loving what Kachuk said.
They're loving. They'reuk said. They're loving.
They're embracing it.
They want it.
It's like not as taboo as we might be used to think now.
It's not like the reverse sweeps on the horizon now.
It's not like any of that.
They're like, yeah, damn right.
We love this shit.
Get cocky.
Take it.
Take it down.
Well, Mess did say to us, and this is kind of teasing a little bit of the interview.
We talked about the guarantee in 94.
and this is kind of teasing a little bit of the interview.
We talked about the guarantee in 94, and he mentioned, like,
I just wanted to show my team how much I believed,
and I wanted to kind of get away from the thought of us
losing this series in six games to the Devils.
And I kind of could totally see that in Kachuk, too.
Like, fuck this momentum.
Fuck this chance of Edmonton coming back.
Fuck this 8-1 drumming we took.
We're ending it tonight.
And that's the type of guy where he's made it clear throughout his career he'd do anything to win and he'd do anything for his teammates.
So it's more of like an unselfish move.
Like I'll put the pressure on myself.
And maybe it's something where he's looking at it like this is going to get me going too.
Because I need to get going.
He's looking at it like this is going to get me going too.
Right.
Because I need to get going.
And if I say this out to the public and out to the open,
I got all the pressure on me, and I want that even more so than the way it's been.
So if I'm a Panthers fan, Army, I love it as well.
Yep.
And he said it all the time. If I'm an Oilers fan, I love it.
It's a double love, Chris.
There's a lot of love.
But he said it all the time when they got to the finals.
Told you we'd be here again.
Told you. Like he's had this confidence about this team and their it all the time when they got to the finals. Told you we'd be here again.
He's had this confidence about this team and their mentality and the way they play all the way through.
So pretty on brand with Kachuk to deliver here on home ice
with a potential win for them.
Guys, we do have a little bit more breaking news right here.
Sturray Eagles of the British Columbia Hockey League
have just hired scott
gomez to be their new head coach wow gomer
good for him assistant he also he also was hired as their gm as well so he's the head coach and
the gm well he's gonna be grinding yeah that's a lot that's a lot of springsteen classes in the
future i wonder if we could get him on the next couple
weeks to talk about what his decision
was.
It's my duty to please the booty.
The booty.
That's great.
Speaking of Gomez, he's got a few cups.
I was talking
to a guy last night and if we are
lucky enough to run into the cup tonight,
is it okay for a guy like me to drink run into the cup tonight is it okay for like a guy
like me to like drink out of the cup tonight
or is that just something like
just for the players I don't think you're
able to they won't let you hold it
drink out of it your own but somebody that won it
can hold it and pour the pink Whitney
into your mouth
yes I was like I don't think like
tonight's the night for that if I was at like somebody's
own party,
like back in Germany with Dreisaitl won the cup,
or if Kachuk brought it to St. Louis,
I just feel like the night, the cup night,
is theirs. They earned it. Nobody else
should do it.
You're saying you drink out of it
at a party. I mean, tonight,
if you're at the bar where the
cup is after Florida gets it done,
I mean, whoever's holding it, it will be pouring it in everyone's mouth.
You don't think Big Walt's going to be taking tugs?
Mononucleosis.
What's that thing?
Mononucleosis.
Mononucleosis, yeah.
Mononucleosis passed around the cup by person to person.
Imagine Biz drinking out of it and all of a sudden it's getting passed around.
He's got vagina and cock all over his mouth.
They're going to be
melting down like fucking Game of Thrones
style.
How many times have you drank out of the cup?
Twice.
Actual drink out of it. The first time
was literally in the room for 10 seconds
in Detroit. I'm sorry, in Pittsburgh. Dan Cl had it it was he was doling out the sips like
this and i just walked in i was like i was like hey dan can i get one yeah one sec bud like
literally in the locker for 10 seconds i was already drinking out of the cup the first time
and then i did in uh tampa when they when they won the bubble cup and i went to the party the
night i met coop um but it was like everything was fucking covid crazy so we couldn't put it on but i drank out of it that night too so so i think the
rules are for ra i think the rules are is you can go on like a knee and a guy can that want it can
hold it and pour it in your mouth which i've had done before i've done that um you're not allowed
to lift it like the other guy if you want a picture with it over your head you have to have
like a champion hold it up over their head
and you can like put your hand on it to hold it.
Like you're taking the picture, like you're holding it kind of,
unless the guy with you says, yeah, you can hold that side.
I'll hold the other side.
But the keeper of the cup has like rules.
Like you're not allowed to do all this stuff.
If you never want it, you can't hoist it.
You can't do all this stuff.
And I learned that from, you know, Crosby's parties and stuff at talking to those guys.
But Army, if like if one of my good buddies won it and I was at their party, I'd for sure have them pour me a drink.
But having played in the NHL, I would never want to raise it over my head anyways.
It's like, no, you didn't.
No, I would never.
I would never.
I would never touch it.
I still I still am planning on winning it with the Leafs as a head coach one day,
so I would never just put that in my universe.
I'll wait until it's done.
Do you think someone in the Leafs organization hoisted it
and it's still like since whenever the curse continues,
like something happened, they need to find out who it is
and get them out of there?
I touched it when I was 10.
I'm convinced that's why
I didn't win or maybe because I got traded
and then they won because I was a fucking clown
and couldn't get it done.
Pilgrim Arena.
Pilgrim Arena.
Hingham, Massachusetts. It was there. I don't know
why it was there. I put my arm
around it. I had no idea. I was 10 years old.
It's a great picture.
It might have been a fake.
I'd love to talk to some players who touched it prior to winning it. I had no idea. I was 10 years old. It's a great picture, but boom, curse activated.
I'd love to talk to some players who touched it prior to winning it. Is there
anyone? I'm sure it's happened before.
I heard sometimes
some of those rules get broken, but I'm not sure.
I was
maybe going to do that. I was going to steal the cup from
Sid's cup party as a joke.
There's a security guy.
There's the keeper it's set
up everyone's having i was just gonna take it like run out the door i thought in my head at
the time it was hilarious like him yeah saski yeah and i i didn't friday night in edmonton army
would have done that oh i would have i would have ran i would have just had it they would have caught
me because i could barely probably run but uh had my backpack on you know it was tough to get away but yeah we all right it's a mess yeah what's up is there anything else
uh you said you ran into mess oh yeah you had a pretty nice picture with him scotty and that
that was at bauer that was a good time little underground after our style club yeah dude i
love a tool like last call two o'clock like, oh, business here with the boys.
We'll just keep things rolling.
And there's like bones flying around.
It was just like mayhem.
I felt like it was in the Wild West out there.
But, yeah, we ran into a mess.
I was sitting there throwing the cup out, shooting the shit with him for a while.
We had a nice chat, man.
It's kind of like talking to Wayne.
He loves talking hockey.
He doesn't mind the old questions or whatever.
We're talking about the 94 cup and shit.
And then, yeah, I'd be coming over coming over to PK, and we got that picture,
and I was like, it looked like a fucking Dave Matthews band album cover.
So, the fucking four of us sitting there.
It's like a perfect picture.
But, no, it was great running into him and, you know, having, like,
the conversations, you know, off-camera we have with those guys, you know,
stuff that they might not want to talk about on the interview or whatever.
But, no, it was cool running into those guys.
And, yeah, that was pretty much the end of that night.
There's nothing major to report on that.
But Edmonton was a fucking time.
Can't wait to get back.
G, what do you got for us?
Guys, I'm just going to say before we wrap, not breaking news,
but I'd love to hear your thoughts.
Elliott's reporting that the Sabres are likely to buy out Jeff Skinner
in once the 48-hour period after the Cup.
What are your thoughts on that?
I think he's been an incredible teammate, and those guys there love him.
He's just a really good guy to be around.
He works hard.
He's a lovable character that has character in the room.
Now, that is a lot of money, and if they want to address their needs,
they just have to get grittier and better in that middle six
and even their fourth line. They just get pushed around too much. They just have to get grittier and better in that middle six and even their fourth line.
They just get pushed around too much.
They need some players. If they were
to buy him out and go use that money,
they need to solidify the players
that know how to play in structure, that know
all the little details of the game
that are going to help Lindy Ruff's
message get down to these guys about
how they need to buy in to become a winning
team in order to not only make playoffs they need to buy in to become a winning team in order to not
only make playoffs but then potentially go on to win a Stanley Cup now I'm not trying to take
anything away from Skinner saying that he's not that guy although I believe that in the length
of his career he's never played one single playoff game so I don't know if what he brings to the
table is a playoff-type performer.
That might be you thinking I'm being too  you guys might think I'm being too harsh by saying that.
It's just a lot of perimeter.
Yes, he can score.
Yes, he can make plays.
But I don't know if when the going gets tough,
that's somebody that you want to pay that amount of money to,
especially given their lack of success they've had making playoffs.
They hold the record, I want to say, through all major sports right now, where they have
missed the postseason 13 straight seasons.
I know it's definitely the New York Jets.
Yeah, I believe they're tied.
I think they're both at 13 years.
So sometimes when things like that happen, drastic measures have to be taken.
So, I mean, yeah.
And if it doesn't happen, then I hope that he does help them turn around
and slide into playoffs next year.
But I think we can all agree, boys, it's going to be the Detroit Red Wings,
the Ottawa Senators, and the Buffalo Sabres, again, run it back
as one of these fucking teams has to break through and get the job done.
Because at some point, it's like, give me a fucking break here.
So if Skinner had completed this contract, which it sounds like he won't be,
at the end of the deal, he's got three more years at 9 million.
He would have made 106 million in his career.
That's not including his entry-level contract.
So maybe say 109 million.
That's fucking crazy.
And great for him.
Amazing for him.
And what's really cool, what he did was he had those two years.
I think he had like 14 goals in 55 games and then seven goals in like 55 games.
It was like, oh, my God.
Then he bounced back.
He had 32 years in a row.
Not this season.
Last season he had 82 points.
This year he dropped down to 24 goals,
but only like 45 points-ish.
Nine million bucks.
Team hasn't been in the playoffs forever.
Three years left.
Don't know what the buyout will be.
I see that.
I get that.
There needs to be so much change in buffalo now it really starts kind
of with goaltending um but then up front like i like their d up front it's not only getting rid
of jeff skinner but it's adding grit and toughness and some florida panthers to your lineup they have
none of that so i get that it sucks for him at the same time he's going to have a hundred million
dollars when it's all said and done you know before taxes so it's like how bad can you feel
for him in a way and they never played him for any free games in the playoffs no one that's
that's what i was gonna say that has to be a what's the record as far as money made for a guy
who's never played one playoff game it has to be so he has to be he has to have he has the record as far as money made for a guy who's never played one playoff game? It has to be.
He has to be.
He has the record for most games played without a playoff game.
So for most money made without a playoff game, I bet you there's nobody within 40 million of them.
Crazy.
According to CapFriendly, the buyout would have a cap hit of around 2.4 until 2030.
Buddy, 2.4 though?
That's not terrible.
It's like an average.
Three years of 9 million?
I thought it would be more
than that. I think you would pay more if you
traded them or someone wanted to take them eating
salary for those years.
Maybe the buyout
is better spread out that long.
I don't know.
26-27, there's just one year where it
would be a 6.4 million dollar cap hit every other year is around 2.4 2.5 but there is a market this
year right like half of carolina's team if they don't like all those guys are free agents like
there's there's just maybe this is the year that you're like okay we got some dough if we can free
it up you know the cap went up can we take some shots at some of these targets that we want to get that's out there right now if
nothing happens so maybe maybe this is the year maybe it's a smart move uh well there's a vacancy
in the nhl once again i'm not sure if we're going to have any uh say and who gets hired this time
but the columbus blue jackets have potted waste with uh pascal vincent uh gm don waddle obviously
going to want his own guy in town,
but who would you hire?
I mean, if you're going to hire the new coach of the Blue Jackets,
you've got a lot of great young talent there,
a lot of good stuff in the pipeline.
Who do you want to nurture it and turn it to a Stanley Cup contender?
That's a huge question.
I think it's been, what have they had?
Four coaches in the last couple of years.
I saw something here.
Let me get it for you.
They've had, it was Johnny Goudreau, since Goudreau's been there.
Like, it's just, what's going on here?
Johnny Goudreau is about to have his fourth coach since signing
a seven-year deal with Columbus.
He's played two full seasons.
And he's played 10 years, I think, in the NHL,
and he's had 10 head coaches.
So that's just fucked. Larson, Babcock,L, and he's had 10 head coaches. So that's just fucked.
Larson, Babcock, Vincent,
and now whoever else they hire
will be there. I don't know
if they're...
Look that up, because I think that they had the
coach Bill Peters fired in Calgary.
They had some really quick
turnover over the course of a two-year
span. So if you look up
Johnny Goudreau, I think on HockeyDB throughout the course of his... two-year span so if you look up Johnny Goudreau I think on
HockeyDB throughout the course of his what is what has he played 10 seasons that's what I thought
that's what I thought that's no fault of his own with the Peters thing and then you know he was at
NHL media day I was there with him when the whole Babcock thing blew up can you imagine he's like
what the hell's going on yeah one's on me sorry I wanted to hide i went to columbus to kind of just hide and play
and all of a sudden i'm in this whole thing again so um i i imagine don you know waddell will have
somebody in mind the biggest question for me ra is is it going to be you know somebody that's out
there that's a recycle again or does are they going to go and and find somebody uh that can
come in what about that carl out of denver i know we
had him on are they going to look somewhere in that kind of wersofsky kind of take where you get
some fresh blood in there or get somebody in there that's uh you know can grow with this team and you
know there's a line a rumors he's going to get dealt um atkinson is uh in philly too what was
he in columbus before he's now they saying, what are they going to do with him?
So there's all these things coming up, not only with Skinner,
not only with this coaching decision.
You're saying they might bring Atkinson back as like a leader?
I don't know.
Maybe he fits there.
Maybe he fits and wants to come back there.
I think he liked it there.
You brought them up.
That's why I was asking you.
Is that why I'm just saying these guys are all on the,
on,
on getting like trades or,
or,
or buyouts or,
or,
you know,
eating,
eating salary trades.
And there's all these,
all this movement now and,
you know,
coaches.
And is it going to go,
I just want to know if it's going to go a new direction with Don
Waddell there.
If it's going to be like a younger coach type of thing.
Who's there as their assistant coaches?
Steve McCarthy, Mark Recchi.
Who's the other?
There's like one other guy there, but they've got some good hockey guys there.
It's just a matter of what Don Waddell has in mind
and if he's going to go old school or new school a little bit.
Some Oilers fans came up to me.
An Oilers fan said, what about Nurse for Line A?
I go, holy shit.
Oilers would
do that, no?
Get Line A going with Leon or Connor?
Get off of Nurse's contract?
I was laughing at that.
What else were we talking about?
I had something.
I was going to say maybe Quinville.
I don't know if they're going to reinstate him,
but maybe after the Babcock situation, it's like,
I don't know.
Let's give our PR team a bit of a rest this year.
Every team that needs a coach,
and it's up to this guy to not take the job if he doesn't want it.
But every single time a team needs a coach now,
I'm just saying David Carl.
David Carl. David Carl.
David Carl.
So I think there was already those rumors around
who was the team that there were rumors surrounding him?
Was it Buffalo?
I heard Buffalo.
Yeah, so I don't know if he wants to leave.
He made it clear to us in the interview.
I'm in a great spot.
I'm in no rush.
Maybe Columbus isn't that place for him.
But I would be calling david carl great
leverage move by him to say that too i think it's gonna take a lot it's gonna take a lot to get me
out of here i'm really happy yeah it's good great move mentioned uh quenville and bowman uh what's
his name bedman had a press conference last week he said that they're still not eligible to the
return to the league right as of now and obviously it's whatever his personal parameters are,
Bettman's are.
So Quenville, as of this moment, isn't eligible to return.
I don't know what penance he still needs to do for Bettman.
But, I mean, we'll see what happens there.
I don't know when the guy's going to be back.
But we've said before, you know, we don't think,
at least I don't think he did anything that warrants, you know,
him not being able to coach in the NHL ever again.
But obviously that's not my call.
A couple of the notes here.
Toronto potted ways.
This is my Toronto News assistant coach, Guy Boucher.
He was in charge of the power play last year.
Toronto waved goodbye to him.
And Carolina is expected to promote Eric Tulsky to the GM position
on a permanent basis.
Wow.
He's going to do an interim.
So it looks like he's the man down in Carolina to replace Waddell.
What else?
Did that kind of thought come back to you?
He's probably the man for the last how many years, right?
Like, Tulsky, I think, behind the scenes
was like the guy that did it.
The puppeteer? Right? Yeah, he was like
the sneaky guy. So, just give him the thing
anyway, you know? The godfather.
Get him a Supercuts gift card
too, if you can.
Alright, boys. Well, listen, it's been a hell of a trip so far
We honestly don't know if we're going to be on for another week
Home tomorrow
That's why they play the games
Any final thoughts heading into the game tonight
Before we wrap the show
It's a lock
It's over
Florida in five
Sorry Oilers fans
I'd love to see you guys again for game six,
but Matthew Kachuk guarantee solidified my pick.
It's going to be a shit show in the Dale,
and we'll see you at the elbow room.
Right, Merle?
I might go down for one.
All right.
Peace.
All right, gang.
Enjoy the game.
Enjoy the Panther Club tonight.
Enjoy.
Unbelievable. Florida took care of us last year boys
have a great night wish I was there
unbelievable have fun tonight
Oilers at 7 They say a drunken speech is just sober thoughts
I like to poke the bear, I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
The week rolls in, we're on the road again Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell, shit
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
You've been so on time
