Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
It's my duty to please the booty.
And Muzz got mad at me. The coach said, he goes, Jesus Christ, why don't you just wear two nines?
And I went, okay.
Stop! I'll stretch your car!
Please, please, please never do that.
Yep.
Stop. Please, please, please never do that. Yep. Ciao.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to episode 509 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What the hell is going on, everyone?
The Stanley Cup final looked dead a week ago.
We got a slobber knocker going on right now.
Biz, I'm going to see you in Edmonton a little later, but boys, let's check in first.
Ryan Whitney, the wit dog.
How goes it, my friend?
You must be off the fucking wall right now.
Let's go, Oilers.
Biz, all I needed from you was that lock of the century.
Panthers are shutting it down tonight.
It's insane.
It's like a clock strikes midnight or 12, what, twice a day,
no matter what, you're wrong in the playoffs.
It's amazing to be a part of.
Quickly, though, this episode is presented to you by Pink Whitney,
New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney Vodka.
Take your shot with Pink Whitney.
And what I say, the Pink Whitney was flowing in Edmonton.
Then it was flowing in Florida.
Now it's flowing back.
We're dragging that Pink Whitney back to Alberta.
So thank you so much to everyone who gets involved.
Go grab the 1.75 liter bottle.
That's the big daddy.
That's the champ.
That's the ultimate one you want.
So New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney vodka.
Thank you very much, Pink Whitney.
Wow, guys.
Wow.
I mean, there's a long way to go.
There's a long way to go.
They still got to win two more games.
But if you think that there isn't a big old dump in a lot of Panthers fans' pants right now,
you're lying to yourself because what we just witnessed.
They can't take a dump.
Their arseholes are puckered up this fucking tight.
They're constipated.
They'll be coming out like spaghetti strings.
I just think of your buddy that I met in Edmonton that flew about 30 hours
just to see the Stanley Cup in game four for his Florida Panthers on the road.
And he's like, that's all right.
After the game, we'll get it done.
Game five.
Oh, Ross, what are you doing now, buddy?
Because what has happened is Sergey Bobrovsky all of a sudden can't save a beach ball.
I believe since the third period of game three, he's sporting around a 760 save percentage.
That's correct.
And with that, 756.
That's like RA at the ball hockey tournament.
Year one at Chicklets Cup.
And we still won.
Still got it done.
But, guys, I just couldn't get over.
Forget the outcome.
And I mentioned this on the video I made.
One of the most entertaining hockey games I've ever seen in my life.
And I would have said that if the Oilers lost.
Like, it was just that second period was, I felt like it was an entire game.
Like, waiting for the third period to start, I'm like, how is there more hockey to be played?
It was just an honor, I'll say, to get to watch that game and my favorite team be a part of that game.
And now, listen, Connor McDavid, what else can be said about this guy, you guys?
Like, this is now becoming beyond what we've said before about him.
Like, he's doing things that have never been done.
He's breaking records people thought would never be touched and he's dragging his team back to alberta for a game six
do you take back your bark off take biz oh yeah buddy every fucking take i've had is getting the
mongolian reversal right now i love it i love it this is so good and boys like we were in shambles
after game four
because we just got sucked in by the celebration and we kind of had this tone like, and I felt the
same thing like Ross. I thought it was going to go back to Florida. They were going to dial things
back in and then all of a sudden they were going to finish things off at home. But we got sucked
into the vortex of the mega church. We celebrated, we thought it was going to be an unbelievable
sendoff for those Edmonton fans that deserved it on an unbelievable season and like you said with and matthew kachuk's quote
of you know we we set out to do something and we're going to accomplish that in game
five well we're gonna go do that i believe as well we're gonna go do that but but in fairness
it wasn't he played his balls off that he He had a goal, beautiful goal on an apple setting out Oliver Ekman Larson.
But boys, like you said, Connor McDavid, not to be outdone.
Yeah, he was absolutely incredible.
Wait, you just mentioned the stats.
We'll write off a couple of them here.
List of players with multiple four-point games in Stanley Cup final history.
Wayne Gretzky, Connor McDavid.
List of players with consecutive four-goal games in Stanley Cup final history.
Conor McDavid.
I mean, it's just absolutely insane. He's
five points back from tying Gretzky all-time.
I know a couple more games it's going to take him, but what
he's doing is unbelievable. And I was talking to, I
guess we're going to bring on a little bit, Brett Kissel.
He says as great as he was in the previous
game, he didn't really have, I don't think, that signature
moment like that. One thing you're going to watch
30 years on a highlight reel and
see it. We got that that night.
When he went through Florida like a hot knife through butter,
set up Perry. Corey Perry's been around for 100
years. To see the stunned look on his
face at that pass, that's just indicative
of how good of a pass that was right there.
Oh, boy. Fucking
that was nasty.
Did you guys see the exchange
between Darnell Nurse and Corey Perry on the bench saying like,
who's going here, who's going, and then Perry ends up jumping on
and going and getting the job done there?
Wait, Nurse, did you say?
I think that him and Nurse were like looking at each other on the bench.
I don't know if it was one of the commentators who mentioned it.
Either way, they were sitting on the bench kind of like,
who's going to hop over the boards here?
Maybe it was not Nurse. nurse obviously you're probably confused because
that's a d and a forward well not merles's world i was just saying merles merles might have been
coaching that night but he just he hops off the bench fresh legs and he just goes to the net free
tap and he's like holy fuck what a shift by me but yeah another thing for me is that the the question marks and the chirps and the
getting benched that Stuart Skinner has gone through that before I mean the second period
like I bring up Florida had it going they were flying and he made big save after big save even
I thought the beginning of the game where where I mentioned on our pregame show uh that I think the Panthers
would come out flying like this is our night this is it to end it they did have a good I'd say first
eight to ten minutes I thought Florida was good Edmonton wasn't bad either but and Florida could
have been even better but they weren't bad and Skinner made a couple big saves now for me I was
worried first shift Janmark had a great chance and Bob robbed him. And I was like, all right, well, you know, we could get the Bobrovsky that I'm petrified of.
And this thing could be could be really difficult to win.
But the will with Edmonton's group and like how close they are.
And now all Panthers fans are saying and they're totally correct.
We got to get one. We got to get one of two.
It's totally reasonable to think florida still wins this
series and momentum in this series and in the playoffs doesn't really go game to game but being
in the mega church i can't imagine that scene now biz you're back in edmonton which is just
how did you get back there so i had a buddy jesse who when we went when we went to game five in
florida uh dustin johnson's box was available because he's playing at the live tour um in So I had a buddy, Jesse, who when we went to game five in Florida,
Dustin Johnson's box was available because he's playing at the Live Tour in Nashville, I want to say.
Even Wayne's there right now.
So Ty and Trevor were there, and they sent me the text invite.
And then there was a guy, Jesse, who ended up  he owns this heavy metals
equipment and rentals, and he's got a sick jet.
I think he bought it off some
russian guy and this thing just zips across flies up to an altitude where like you're go basically
traveling at the fucking speed of sound i'd imagine so we got back to edmonton we left at 4 30 in the
morning after that game five and ended up getting to town around 9 30 so shout out to jesse a huge
push there but um going back to the game, you said it.
Not a terrible start for Florida,
but they get that fucking power play wit and Montour.
I would say it's fair to say he's maybe played himself
out of a little bit of money this offseason,
and I think it's made Zito's job a little bit more difficult
if, in fact, he does want to bring him back
with the contracts that they have to hand out,
like Sam Reinhart.
So they draw that penalty.
They get the power play.
Perfect way to get on the board.
And Army talked about how important it was for the Edmonton Oilers to not only score first, but also get a power play goal.
They did both on the first two goals they had.
And not enough can be said about what the bottom six forwards have done in the last three games for
the Edmonton Oilers between all of them and I think leading the way right now and fan favorite
and my favorite Connor Brown he just makes that stick on puck play and it wasn't just that
Barkov was that last D man back on the other side so not not only is he's beat him to that puck, Barkov has that long reach
and he's strong on a stick. Connor Brown knocks it away and pokes it to himself just a little bit
ahead. And once again, just like on the play he made in game four, where he had that little bit
of extra patience around the pad to slide it over to the middle of the net to get it poked in. I
think it was Yanmark who might've had that one. Maybe it was McLeod. I forget who it was.
It was Yanmark.
But this one, he outweighs Bob, and he just slides it in and actually nicks Bob's skate that fucking close from getting the stop.
So just a remarkable effort on a kill where Florida could have took control
of the game, where they needed a play, and they needed a moment
to settle things down for Edmonton, and they got it from connor brown so just an unbelievable job like i said it's kind of like the the turn of the tide
where bob since that period of time um when he shit the bed with that save percentage you mentioned
and what was it third period of game three yeah since the start period yeah sorry look at the
step no no worries ra look at the stats for the bottom six for the Edmonton Oilers since that period.
They've been lighting it up.
I would say at least each of them have at least two points at this point.
So it's just unbelievable to see.
And then obviously later in that period, they get that power play.
And it's the second and third retrievals for that power play that make it so special.
They work hard. They get the initial shot.
It ain't a one and done.
They get it back. I think it was Nugent Hopkins behind the net. It ends up going back up top for
the bush bomb. And listen, like Forsling has been incredible this playoffs, but considering they get
them hemmed in and you're going to see a few shifts. If you go back and look at all the goals,
it looks like they're fucking wearing them down a little bit. Like he's had a lot of very difficult
matchups, obviously having to play against McDavidid and then all of a sudden on that penalty kill he ends up in
that net front battle and then you know hyman ends up tipping it in i think it does end up going off
his leg but nonetheless go to the blue paint and they got that two nothing lead and that really
calmed things down like to me for the edmonton oilers they had full control after that and they
didn't really look back.
Yeah, we'll go into the third in a minute,
but I think there's something crazy about this Oilers team
that does give me a lot of confidence in at least getting back to Florida,
and it's they really have slowly figured teams out in the playoffs.
Now, LA is a different story.
They were a way better team.
It was a pretty easy series. But after that, Vancouver, they're down three to two. They lost the first game.
Dallas, they're down two to one. They've somehow been able to, as the series goes along,
really find their legs, find their game, figure out other teams and how they're playing.
And these stats right here, and everyone could kind of see this if you're watching Edmonton throughout this spring and summer, but the stats are wild.
In games one through three of the series, the Oilers are four and eight.
Games four through seven, they're 10 and one.
Their goals for per game go from 3.25 in games one through three to 3.73.
Their goals against go from 3.58 to 1.73 and their shooting percentage
goes from 10 to 15.8. So it's like something within this team. And maybe it's the fact that
it takes them a little while to figure out systems, to figure out how to break the other
teams, penalty kill, and all the things that go into a long series they've just mastered like games four
through seven dude they're a different team and they somehow get to teams and get in their heads
where like we've figured you out mcdavid at this point like we were looking for more right there's
no goals by mcdavid going into game four they had he's been good but he hasn't been great
buddy the last two games i think it's been two of the best games of his career he's been good, but he hasn't been great. Buddy, the last two games, I think it's been two of the best games of his career.
Every time he gets the puck, he's dangerous.
So you're talking about Forsling, as good as he's been, amazing contract,
awesome player.
Like, he can't handle Connor McDavid at top, mock fucking 17 speed.
Nobody can.
There's no defenseman that can.
So when he's going like this and he's got the confidence and he's so driven to bring a stanley cup to this city that you're seeing true greatness we're
witnessing something that in 50 years you'll remember and if they somehow come back and win
this series i red sox yankees in 04 that this is the top top three comeback in the history of sports. I'm getting goosebumps thinking
about it.
It's crazy because Florida
needs one more. They need one
of four.
If anyone could do this, you guys,
if anyone in the world
of sports could do this, it's Connor
McDavid. I'm just amazed
watching him play right now. He's dragging
this team around and other guys are doing their job.
That line they've put together of Henrik, Janmark, Janmark, however you say it, and
Connor Brown.
Like that, that is their third line now.
That was the fourth line.
And all of a sudden these guys are just bringing it every single night.
You got Perry scoring a big goal on a tap and where he said like yeah that I just went to
the net with my head down he goes I didn't even say a word like guys like McDavid you don't have
to yell you're open they see you and it's just been it's been wild to watch but going back to
the third period biz when you said they had control my wife doesn't really watch hockey
she hears me talk about like McDavid or different things going on but she never watches but she was watching that game and she's like at at four one she's like they got it i was like what did you
just say this game's far from over i knew it and then it was four two and then i tweeted out before
the third period all right 20 minutes of panic folks like just get ready like this is going to
be one of those things and ekman larson scores beauty. Ekman Larson has now taken over the number one spot on the PP for Montour.
Montour has been brutal.
Like, say what you want.
He has not been good.
And Ekman Larson looks great.
He looks like eight years ago, Biz.
The way he's walking the line.
He gets that goal.
There isn't an Oilers fan in the world that didn't think they were tying up.
I thought that was getting tied up for sure.
I go, this is going overtime.
Like, this is going OT.
And they were able to just fucking work them.
They were able to block a ton of shots.
They chipped a ton of pucks out.
They played on the defensive side.
Every single guy did their job.
And boom, McDavid gets that empty netter.
But you didn't have any scare?
Or did you have a scare like me on the post by jan mark yeah well there was yes i got
the nashville vibes uh i forget who it was on nashville yeah colton scissons who ended up
hitting the post i was getting those vibes i said it in the box but they ended up holding on i forget
who it was for florida but they did have a pretty good crack within the last two and a half minutes to tie that game.
Maybe it was Ekblad, but I know we're bouncing around quite a bit.
I want to go back to that third line you just mentioned for the Oilers, though,
and the fact that my understanding is Evander Kane was trying to play
through that injury, and he was getting shot up so much to the point
where they had to shut him down.
And they said, hey, this is not going to work.
And to me, not because obviously he's trying to get out there and play for his team and
play through pain which a lot of guys in playoffs do but we're you know we saw it with our own eyes
he just wasn't having that impact that we're used to seeing for vander kane especially not even close
to where he was two years ago so the fact that they've been able to assemble that line
and get that pace brought up to that level to
match the first two lines to me that has been a major major factor in change in this series
especially at the depth that the florida panthers have so going back to florida okay because we've
talked a lot about edmonton and we can go back to edmonton uh we've talked about bob we haven't
talked about bill zito after the game throwing that water bottle and the fact that the seed of doubt has been planted.
To me, this is...
I kind of love this.
I love it, but it also shows a sign of pure frustration.
Now, other rumblings we're hearing inside the team
and just the rumor mill following this series along
is the fact that in game four, getting all the family for Florida here,
getting all the tickets assembled, and everybody was a bit of a gong show
in a sense of taking a lot of wind out of their sails
from their attention to detail aspect.
Obviously, they get mopped with the floor,
and then a little bit of issue on travel going back to Florida,
and then still a little bit of chaos.
There was an issue on the way back too?
My understanding is there was a little bit of complaining at There was an issue on the way back too? My understanding is there was a little bit of complaining
at the fact of how bad the travel was,
and it was getting to the players.
I'm not going to say that it was some of the wives.
I'm not going to create any rumors here.
Still down Millberry.
At the end of the day, it's like, holy fuck, man.
We haven't closed out this series yet.
We need no distraction.
So you go back home all of a
sudden the idea of closing out at home having everybody there obviously you have to worry about
tickets and family again i talked to mark messier after that game four and he goes oh not so close
he goes game five at home when you're up three one in the series is the hardest game to win
he says even more more distracting than the situation
coming to Edmonton to close out in four.
So when you got Mark Messier telling you that,
you're like, oh, geez, maybe I regret my comments
saying this thing's over.
Not really, because I'm the ultimate mush.
But now my understanding is it's a tight-knit group
coming over to Edmonton.
There's no bullshit.
Even to the point where I was talking to some guys who were scouts in the organization It's a tight-knit group coming over to Edmonton. There's no bullshit.
Even to the point where I was talking to some guys who were scouts in the organization where they're saying, no, they've really limited the amount of people that are going.
This is going to be strictly a business trip.
And like McDavid said, they're getting dragged back to Alberta,
which will go down as an iconic quote if they end up winning this series.
It'll be painted on every side of every fucking building here in edmonton if they end up coming back and winning this series
uh the other component to tire pump a little bit with evan rodriguez and matthew kachuk those are
the two best players in my opinion up front for the florida panthers in that game going back to
kachuk's goal the play that uh rodriguez on the wall, just inside the offensive zone to keep it alive.
And, boys, like a lot of pressure on Kachuk coming into this one,
putting it on himself with that quote,
and to show up and have that type of performance,
along with that move he makes below the goal line
to set up Oliver Ekman-Larsen.
So this ain't on him.
And I can't really point the finger at any other players on Florida
who might have, like, other than maybe Montour and Bobrowski
having a bad night, nobody else looked really that poor.
The crowd was awful.
I heard it was silent in that building.
It was the quietest I've ever heard in an arena for a playoff game,
maybe even a regular season game.
That first period, it was a fucking funeral home in there.
I've never seen anything like that. Before the game or when they went up to not during during the period i remember pasha
looked at me and merles he's like you can hear a fucking pin drop in here right now and you're
before the game excuse me i'm feeling the effects of this week-long bender with with no sleep um
before the game unbelievable tons of energy the energy in the building was we're seeing the Stanley Cup tonight
and being presented to the Florida Panthers
for the first time in their team's history.
And the Connor Brown goal, yes, that took a lot of wind out of their sails,
but they're probably like, hey, we're still on the power play here.
We haven't had a horrible start,
but the minute that second goal was scored on the power play,
that's when it was really like, oh god they this this building is shook and then especially after that third one
and we haven't really talked about that third one but we talked about that flip play that they
started doing quite a bit of in the last series against Dallas well what do they do they put it
in Fogle's corner and who does he end up fucking beating that puck? Forsling.
He fucking hunts that motherfucker down and gets it to the right guy,
McDavid, and boom, in the back of the net.
That, to me, was the stinker from Bob.
That's not the Bob we're used to seeing.
Like, Bob is normally low.
Remember we compared him to 2012 Jonathan Quick?
There it looked like he had the fucking dry side of legs going.
He had the fucking, the chopstick dance going,
in which another guy I heard is battling through injury right now.
That's just kind of the rumor mill as I get to Edmonton.
I've said the last couple of podcasts, like,
he doesn't look like he's skating like himself.
He's had a few games where he's put up numbers that he's supposed to put up,
but he's clearly battling something that has put a lot more weight on the back of mcdavid to carry this team yeah leon
definitely it's it's he's just missing that that extra step right that like when he's able to blow
by guys it's he doesn't have that right now he's injured no doubt but there are so many people
injured so it's like it's really hard to even talk about things like that because I would guarantee
every single guy's battling something, some more serious than others.
But what's great as an Oilers fan is the PK remains awesome.
Like to get shorthanded goals, forget giving up power play goals.
Like you're actually scoring shorthanded.
You're doing an awesome job on that. But the power play had to get going and they got the five on three goal in the
eight one win but then they get two then they get two in game five now it's like okay now every
single time a panther goes to the box in game six it's panic time where we've seen all these
oilers power plays the last few years just not only either score or create momentum,
and it's just amazing to see this team come together.
And there's just so much left to be said for the Panthers
because this is a team that lost in the final.
Like, this isn't  it's not a fluke that they're there.
They have such a talented roster.
They need their goalie to play better.
But the Panthers, they need one more win.
So it's still like, oh my God, we've come so far as the Oilers have, but we're still like
what seems like miles and miles away. If they can get game six, which also I've read teams are
0-3 in the history of the Edmonton Oilers and trying to win a Stanley Cup in Edmonton. So kind of similar vibes to Carolina in 06, where they went back and they Oilers dusted
them.
It was four, nothing kind of the similar game and crowd to game four of this year, where
it's like the team, they're not winning.
The Oilers are winning this game.
So I can't wait to see how this plays out.
I just, I just can't believe what's happened.
I can't believe how quickly this thing's turned.
How did you feel about officiating in game five?
Do you feel like Edmonton might have had the advantage?
It felt like obviously you're in Florida,
so the crowd's going to bitch regardless.
I would say clearly a little bit of undisciplinedness
from Florida, and that's something that they're going to have to tighten up.
You can't take five fucking penalties against the Edmonton Oilers.
They'll make you pay.
They got to go back to the Dallas Stars formula of only giving them like two or three,
especially earlier in that series.
That's how you're going to win, especially at the way that the power play is clicking right now.
Did you feel like Edmonton had the advantage that game, not being the jock sniffer?
A little bit, but not enough where after the game you're like,
oh my God, the refs were brutal for the Panthers.
Yeah, I would say that they were at the advantage,
but the Oilers had to puck more.
They were skating more.
They controlled the tempo of the game.
When that happens, you're going to get more calls.
I guess, yeah, if you're really nitpicking,
they probably were gifted a little bit, not enough were after the game if you're talking about the
refs there it's like yeah i want to go back though biz to you mentioning um the the setup of the
families and everyone coming in for game four and we saw that remember we went down for the third
period and we saw the whole family section it was was kind of outside in, in whatever that, that area is called.
But do you have to do that?
Like, I guess you're up three Oh, and you're like,
we're going to get one more. We'll bring them in. I, I,
that's now what happens in the NHL. If it's a,
if it's a clinching Stanley cup final game, everyone's flown in,
they get jets. They, I, I'm just like, I don't know, man, just fuck,
get the goal, get the go get
the job done go party at home with them for weeks i don't really get that and i'm wondering if
you're saying it's a smaller group are they not doing it now for game six well that all the
families going back no i i from my understanding if families want to go and all that type of stuff
obviously their kids can buy them tickets but everybody's kind of on their own they don't want any of the distraction my
understanding is what the wives and girlfriends and they they took care of all that stuff for
game four to bring them in clearly game five everybody's probably already in florida to begin
with but once again as mess said it's like you're at home. You're worrying about the post game party.
Like everybody is now there again.
You don't want to fuck that up.
So now for me, for them to be able to get back on the road with, and we always, I mean,
we go back to the Millberry, the distractions and RA, I think you already, you already chimed
in with it, but it's more of the like, guys, this thing isn't locked up.
We all want to have a party, but we can't do that.
If we don't win one more fucking game.
You guys stay back.
You guys worry about setting things up here.
We're going to go to Edmonton and handle business.
And I'm not going to be on my phone worrying whether you got your tickets or you're in
the right section or whether your flight got in on time and we're going to win a fucking
hockey game.
And then we're going to bring that, bring that thing back to Lauderdale.
And then we could party and have a good time there so that to me like you said wit is you're trying to be sensitive
to to bringing your family that helped you even get to this moment but at the end of the day like
we talked about it can become a bit of a distraction so they're going to get right back
to focusing on the prize um i uh did you see paul maurice's post-game quotes no i was actually
looking for i i it's been basically in this house i don't know if the reporter asked them and used
the word deflated yeah i think we got it here five and and i'm good with so much of it like i
feel right about it on the bench the bench is. And then you had a bunch of things kind of go against you.
But they weren't thematic to the game.
I mean, I think we gave up 18 rushes in the game prior.
So when I say gave up, that doesn't mean 18 rush chances.
There were 18 things that we had to control.
There was a third of that.
Only three of them were five on five.
So I was right with what we saw in that game.
And that lets you sleep a little better right it gives you a really good starting point for today
well you obviously want to limit odd man rushes especially against a team like edmonton like
they're they're the rate at which they convert is is out of this world the quote that ended up
going later on i think it was actually post game thatgame that he made the quote, was they weren't deflated.
He said the feeling in the room is they're just a little bit grumpy
and pissed off right now, but nobody in that room is deflated
and thinks they don't still have an opportunity to win.
And a good sign, much like we saw from Edmonton,
and I was talking to my buddy Jeff about this,
Edmonton turned the tide in that game three in that third period.
They scored a few goals.
They got a little bit of their confidence.
And that's why you hear some players sometimes saying,
even if the game's a blowout, yo, let's find our game here in the third period
and have something to build off momentum-wise going into that next game.
And that started also with the bottom six guys in that game three.
So they got their confidence going. They brought that that into game four and then you saw that so in the last game they end up
dominating that last 20 minutes the Panthers did so now they can build off that come to Edmonton
no distractions and hopefully get off to a start in which they they they need in order to close
the series out I'll go back to what Army said, and Army nailed it.
He goes, the keys are, and I think they've done this the last two games,
you've got to get the first goal and you've got to score on the power play.
That's what Florida has to be focused on coming here is getting that good start,
calming things down, and doing anything they can.
Anything they can to slow down the megachurch.
Because we all know going into that game six and I don't care how tired I was
guys.
I don't care if I would've had to hitchhike to Edmonton.
There's not a chicken dicks chance.
I was missing game six.
I was coming back to Alberta.
I've hit my Edmonton quota for the year.
This will be the last two, three days I spend here other than going to the
Calgary stampede in a few weeks.
But it's, I tweeted out out this is going to be biblical there's no way that mcdavid doesn't put on a show
there's just i can't see them losing this game dude and and we were talking about this in the
dallas series and i don't know if it was something that they did to him. I don't know if it was maybe something nagging McDavid a little bit, but he'd lost that step. He'd lost that jump
where all of a sudden now in the series, we're seeing that brilliance that we see sometimes in
the regular season where he's making guys look like AHLers. Like he is fucking dancing through
guys. That play that he made to set up Perry, that's the mcdavid we're used to seeing
and a little bit of a random stat here not to put salt in the wound 42 points i think currently for
mcdavid in these playoffs pld pierre le dubois had 40 and all of regular season in 82 games for
the la kings who ended up getting dealt so what he's doing is fucking nuts. Now, what is the record for most points in a playoff run?
47 by Gretzky.
And I would think if they win in seven, he's getting six more points, dude.
He is.
He's probably going to break it.
I also think, and this does not matter, Connor McDavid would puke hearing this.
He's the Conn Smythe winner.
I think there's just what he's doing right now in those two
games alone in the finals to keep your team alive.
He's the MVP of the
playoffs. Doesn't matter. I don't want to talk about
that. But salt in the wound, you mentioned
Pierre-Luc Dubois traded to
the Capitals his season this
year. I believe McDavid's
current playoff points
for this year, i think it's more than um
neilander's career in the playoffs um it's close to matthews's career in the playoffs
it's uh decently close to marner's career nobody fucking cares shut up i mean you brought up other
guys so that's all i gotta mention um you went You talked about Maurice mentioning, you know, we're not deflated.
He can say whatever the fuck he wants.
The fact those guys, those Panthers, had the chance to win the Cup twice,
once in their own building, and they have to get on that six-and-a-half-hour
flight back to Alberta, there's no way they weren't deflated.
Like, just like you're planning a party you're planning
all these celebrations your family your friends nope grab a suit bud we're getting back on that
plane going up north are you saying madhouse are you saying paul maurice is full of shit
uh no i think paul maurice is a very great coach. No, no, no. He's always looking for anything.
But I think as that game's winding down, I mean, they were trying to tie it up.
But right when McDavid gets that empty netter, the guys are like, oh, my God.
We're going back there.
We have to go back there.
Because if you told anyone on that team that they'd be going back for a game six,
they'd look at you like you were crazy.
So the first period for a game six they'd look at you like you were crazy so the
the first period is enormous game six but i i don't think like i i try to describe this i was
talking to my buddies yesterday like you don't understand edmonton in the cup finals like this
place is fucking insane and now it's on a friday to force a game seven in the cup final with the greatest player
many people have ever seen riding and running around the ice like he's out there alone
it's gonna be insane i wish i could be there i can't believe you're there again you're an animal
but you're gonna explain what all right i gotta make a confession. I've been talking to Kate via DM.
Okay.
I kind of think the Oilers might need her to come to that game with us.
And I think we're going to need to see those tits on the Jumbotron.
But I got to ask you, Whit, are things going too well for the Oilers?
Would bringing Kate to seeing those knockers on the Jumbotron be a good thing?
Or do you think it's the pop that
they need in order to get over the edge to bring this thing back to only if they're down one nothing
maybe all of a sudden it's it's it's just like a flash show i i gotta say that right now kate did
her thing she released that video whatever no big deal don't change a thing don't change a thing
don't change a thing don't change a thing and it's just like we got to go back and win a home game and then it turns into 50 50 on the road with the greatest player that i've ever seen what else do
you want uh did you happen to notice at game four how many guys were pulling up their jerseys when
they were shown on the jumbotron guys was pulling their their tits out. It's a crazy city. That's obnoxious.
Showing you getting naked at a hockey game is obnoxious.
Who would do that on the Jumbotron while choking someone out?
They would cut it, cut away right away.
It was fucking hilarious.
Yeah, Oilers, our first team to win a game five on the road after facing an 0-3 deficit as well.
That's wild.
It is crazy after all these years.
That's wild.
I didn't know that.
Quickly, though, I do have to mention, guys,
that if we're talking about your body and maybe lifting your shirt up, you want to keep your body clean.
And that's where Dove comes into play.
How about that transition?
Dove Men Plus Care Whole Body Deodorant gives me odor protection and keeps me smelling good everywhere all day.
It's suitable to use on my whole body from my pits to my privates to my
feet. My feet are gross. Six foot and ankle surgeries for this guy, but Dove Men Plus Care
works everywhere. No more compromising between all day odor protection and caring for skin
anywhere on my body, even my most private parts. The new Dove Men Plus Care whole body deodorant
fits easily into my morning routine,
and now I won't go without it. Aluminum free with a formulation that keeps my skin feeling great.
It cares for my skin with non-irritant formula and is infused with vitamin E. That's right,
vitamin Edmonton Oilers, baby. So pick up Dove Men Plus Body whole body deodorant at Walmart or Target right now.
Gentlemen, I think now is a better time than ever to bring on the man,
the myth, the legend, the pride of Edmonton, Brett Kissel.
There we go, baby.
There we go, buddy.
There he is.
Yes, Oilers.
You still floating nine feet above the ground, though, what pal?
After you danced in the hallway the other night.
Oh, man.
I 100 am.
Like, it was so amazing to watch the Oilers turn on the Jets the way
that they did against
Florida. I think everybody
in oil country is still nervous
for the outcome. We've got a lot of work that
we still need to do, but oh my god,
was it amazing to watch exactly
as you said, RA, Connor McDavid do
Connor McDavid thing and take that team
on his back. It was unreal.
How about you get into the game?
What, you guys landed 45 minutes before puck drop?
You took a private plane with Jesse.
Now, what's Jesse's last name?
He was kind enough to give you a ride back home.
And how can he afford a plane like that to even bring us around him?
What a good dude, eh?
What a great friend to have.
So Jesse and Danielle
Vanderwerf, they're just our neighbors from, you know, our little farm out here outside of Edmonton,
just south of us. And so his company is called Heavy Metal Equipment Rentals. And so their big
tagline is they just move the earth and they're all over the world. The biggest dump trucks,
the biggest cats, the biggest machinery on the planet so if you
need any kind of big big time construction mining oil field job done well jesse's your guy so he's
got this you saw like probably one of the nicest pjs i've ever i've ever been on accustomed to the
nines and he's like texting me that day he says hey you know i'm going to florida do you want to
come and uh yeah i do so away away we flew and now doing some events for him. It's, it's just, there's, there's nobody cooler than Jesse.
There was no way you were going to miss that opportunity. I mean, you probably grew up an
Oilers fan. I think you were born just outside of Edmonton and based on your experiences,
where did that lie from everything that you've experienced as an Oilers fan? Like,
do you remember 2006? Well, like you rank it uh in in that realm well it's it's definitely one of the best experiences
this cup run is amazing because of all the storylines and everything that's going on and
we have conor mcdavid the difference between this and 2024 and what we experienced in 2006
is that we got into the stanley cup playoffs in6, one of the last one or two games.
Someone had to lose.
We had to win.
We had a great squad,
but no one thought we were ever going to do anything.
Now, the fact that we ended up going to game seven
against Carolina was unreal.
A lot of great memories.
And to be perfectly honest,
based on that playoff run,
me, my buddy Glenn Choi,
my buddy Dustin Ouellette,
Jason Perrano, the four of us,
we ended up letting our entire high school be changed because of that cup run.
We didn't study for all of April, May, and June.
And I almost failed grade 10. So because I almost failed grade 10,
I barely made it through grade 11, barely made it through grade 12.
And I blame the Oilers because all we cared about was watching playoff hockey
and 06.
You all set for tomorrow night. You box tickets what what's your situation? Yeah I'll set for tomorrow night I think yeah we're gonna go back up to back up to the suite and see there
I'm really hoping that Shania Twain got an invite because she might be one of the good luck charms
too performing a show the way that she did, which was a great show.
And then everybody's singing, man, I feel like a woman when we're up 8-1.
Shania's in the building in one of the suites.
I hope OEG has reached out to her and her people said,
it doesn't matter what it costs or what we need to do,
but we need you back in the building.
That's why Biz cut his shirt.
Game four.
Man, I feel like a woman. So he was just feeling that vibe shaking that ass and and yeah
i was wondering if shania twain would be back but i got to meet her yeah we did get to meet her i
got to shake her hand she's like get this drunken buffoon away from me royalty yeah we were both
loaded you and ryan are these fucking idiots why is this guy's shirt cut in half she's like is that
our ray absolutely yeah 100 i think she would have she would have loved that boston accent from uh She's like, is that our Ray? Absolutely. Yeah.
A hundred percent.
I think she would have, she would have loved that Boston accent from, uh, from both.
Went in our a for sure.
So what, uh, we actually got a few tweets about, uh, from some hardcore or other fans.
Now you have an unbelievable playoff or unbelievable regular season record when you in fact sing
the anthem, but maybe not so good come
playoff time so unfortunately some Oilers fans who are very superstitious say we don't want Kissel
doing the anthem anymore and hey if if that's the case because exactly right before I came on what
you were saying Whit about don't change anything that that is the reality I would love the
opportunity to sing during the Stanley Cup finals.
That would be a dream come true.
But it's not about me.
This is about the Oilers raising the Stanley Cup.
That is all that matters.
So if there is even one tinge of truth, which I don't believe that there is,
but if there is, then I'm not going to do it.
That's why I even signed the damn petition myself to say,
I don't give a shit.
If this makes the Oilers win, I'll do whatever I need to do i don't care late on the line you'll start singing rap instead of country
yeah there's there's only one one good white guy doing rap and that's eminem so it's not going to
be kissel i was just going to say since we're on the music topic what are your plans for this
summer like i know that you started your early career.
You signed with a big label company where and then you ended up going independent.
So you do a lot of this stuff on your own, which we got a chance to talk about on the plane where you organize your tours.
And you kind of have this mom and pop style set up, much like the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Well, it's really cool what you guys have done
and the brand that you've built and doing it honestly, just through hard work. There's an
entrepreneurial spirit that is deep inside each and every one of us. Doesn't matter who's listening
to the podcast. Doesn't matter where we come from or what we do, but also being in Albertan,
I know that it's just part of my genetic makeup. So when I had the opportunity to buy myself out
of my record deal and buy my
rights back, that was an opportunity I wanted to take. And I loved my record deal. I really did.
But at the end of the day, after 10 years being with the label, we had a team that was so
incredible that my own internal team that I've hired, that we said, we can do this on our own.
So with us doing that now, it's really exciting to now achieve success in this way
and actually get to keep all the money.
So that's a really cool aspect of it too.
But I'm still friends with everybody at Warner.
Warner was a great label, turned me into a star.
But being independent now, there's a lot more risk,
but obviously there's a lot more reward too.
And our summer is going to be great.
Calgary Stampede is one I'm really excited about um i leave to montreal right after the game uh a game six to
go to victoria ville in quebec i have to perform there on saturday calgary stampede july the 4th
i'll be kicking off the stampede at cowboys and like i said big valley jamboree is one of the
best festivals in canada it's just in my backyard in Camrose, Alberta. So I get to open for Keith Urban that night.
Oh, that's awesome.
Brett, has there been one play you think has maybe been unheralded for the Oilers during
this run so far?
That's a great question.
Honestly, here's the thing.
Stuart Skinner has gotten a bad rap, you know, the first couple of games.
And whether it be media or Twitter or friends or fans or whatever, everybody loves to hate on this guy, but we
have to understand that he's our guy and we actually need to support him the best possible
way that we can. Um, it's amazing. I was been able to bounce back, you know, getting pulled in,
uh, in the Vancouver series is something that I, I'm not a goalie, but you probably never,
ever want to have happen. Picker comes in, does a great job, but Knobloch gave him that confidence saying we ride or die
with this guy. He's our number one. And he has faced a high quality goaltending, you know,
over the course of this place, not necessarily nothing against Cam Talbot, but the LA series
wasn't that difficult, but Shelovs came in and everybody was saying that he was playing better
than Skinner,
but we won the series.
Jake Ottinger, everybody would say,
hey, you know what?
If you're choosing two goalies,
a lot of people are going to say,
we're going to take Dallas' goalie.
And then everybody's going to say,
Bobrovsky's the best, but you know what?
We're playing better and we can do it with Stuart Skinner
and the Stanley Cup rests on his shoulders.
We need to support that guy.
He is a hero for our team, and I really love him.
Yeah, his numbers in games four through seven,
sorry, games four through seven, 9-0 with a 1-5-6 goals against
and 9-3-9 save percentage in a shutout.
Those are just unbelievable numbers.
Obviously, later in the series, he gets better.
Sorry, go ahead, bud.
No, I was just going to mention, and this is just for everyone,
that since Leon had that hit on Barkov,
Barkov definitely hasn't looked like himself, I'd say, right?
Like he made a couple of great plays.
He made an awesome play.
He kind of picked CeCe's pocket in game five,
and they got a great chance on it.
I don't know if he threw it over to Ekblad, but I don't know.
Maybe that hit did fuck him up somehow
because he doesn't look necessarily as he did at the beginning of the series.
So in game three, he was pretty solid.
But I want to say sometimes these things can be a little bit lingering
where you don't maybe start feeling the effects for four or five days.
So I don't know what you've seen, Kiss.
Do you still think that Florida's got their pop and Barkov?
Well, it's very interesting that you brought that up because florida over the last two games has looked like they've been really flailing and that is something that we've not
seen the florida panthers do the entire playoffs which is a very unique circumstance for us as
oiler fans to now navigate through i'm really hoping that our coaching staff and our team
doesn't take that for granted and keeps putting the pedal to the metal. Obviously, that's what you got to do.
But I wonder if the 8-1 blowout and also coming back into the barn and not giving them what we
gave them in the first couple of games, I wonder if that's now changed the mindset. Because what
you're saying about Barkov being hurt or possibly being hurt or not playing the way that he is,
I wonder if that also is a bit of a mental thing saying,
oh my God, the Oilers are playing this way.
We need to make a few adjustments.
And now they're the ones who are scared of us.
I wonder if that's coming into play.
I think that looking at the series, and we talked about Game 1
and how good Edmonton was, and then Florida was awesome in Game 2.
Bobrovsky was excellent.
Florida was great in Game 3. Bobrovsky was excellent. Florida was great in game three.
It's been a pretty even series.
The Oilers have had big time moments about playing them.
But now it's the speed of Edmonton.
And that was the one thing that we kind of talked about.
That Florida hasn't seen a team with this much speed.
There might not be another team in the league that's this fast.
And what happens with speed?
It takes a while.
It wears you out over and over and over.
And now you've seen, like, all right, well, there's two games
that they can't match the speed.
They were able to early in the series, but now it's like they are chasing the game.
And when you chase games, dude, and then you have another guy,
a guy on the other side like McDavid,
you're always going to be behind the eight ball.
So if that's what army's thing,
it biz said it already,
like getting the first goal game five was huge.
If they get the first goal on, on Friday night,
that game's done.
I'm saying it.
I'm going to be doing a helicopter call.
Hey,
the first goal of the game for the Oilers in game five was a shorty as well, where you guys have said it,
that Barkov just stopped skating.
He didn't chase his man, which gave Brownie that extra couple seconds
to make a great move.
But to let in a shorty, that's got to deflate the team.
And Brown, all right, is another hero for our squad.
And Janmark, those two guys, we need to appreciate them.
And we need to, yeah, I don't know.
I don't know what the Oilers need to do.
But those guys are playing really, really well.
And I'm really proud of them too.
I was going to ask you, do you have any pretty close relationships to any of the current Oilers?
Like especially guys who have maybe been here, you know, at least five, six years.
I mean, Connor, do you know him well?
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, Connor and Lauren are really good friends of,
uh, of mine and Cecilia's. Um, when he got in, uh, in September, uh, you know, we came and had a,
had a nice dinner at our house and, um, it was really great to just visit as friends. Cause you know, you see someone in the family room after you give a hug and a bro hug, and then you move on,
or we'll see each other in the off season at shows and stuff but yeah i've gotten to know the mcdavid family very well like all the aunts
and uncles and grandparents and um yeah so we're we're close to connor and lauren um you know ryan
uh nuge we've we've known him for many many years uh knew him through obviously jordan everlaves
you know one of my best buddies but uh everybody, you just go down the list.
Darnell and Stu, like everybody, we've gotten to know every single person.
Yeah, Brown's been a great story.
He's got six points in 17 playoff games.
He had 12 in 71 regular season games.
Also, there's just the third guy in NHL history to record a shorthanded point
in consecutive Stanley Cup final games.
Only the third ever.
Serge Savard back in 68 and a guy named
Bob in 1970. The Oilers first
team to open scoring with a shorthanded goal
in consecutive games never happened before in the Cups.
Wow. All right. Bringing the
nuggets. That's good.
That's awesome.
Kiss, we got to ask when the
Whit Dog was up in Edmonton, were you a
fan? Was he a whipping boy? Did you cheer
him? We're going to bring this up after the Jumbotron the other night.
He's wearing my jersey right now, dude.
Yeah.
That's Ray Whitney.
My brother does have a number six Whitney.
My brother and I have an extraordinary jersey collection.
We've got jerseys that we're very proud to have and jerseys that we have no
idea why we even bought them, but we've got them.
But, yeah, my brother's got one have in jerseys that we have no idea why we even bought them, but, but we've got them. But yeah, my brother's got,
got one of your jerseys.
We were very happy to have you come and be a part of our team there because we were looking for anybody who had experience and anybody who had played a high
level hockey to come into our young Oilers team and help us figure some shit
out because those are really, really tough years.
And so I'm really happy that you were part of our squad for the time
that you were. And man, did you ever get a great ovation?
Like you and Biz got a huge
ovation on the Jumbotron and Zach Cassian
that game. Like that was, those
are the two biggest pops that we've had the
entire playoffs. I think Cassian
ended up getting the best pop.
It's probably because of that fucking tan he's got on
his forehead from riding his motorcycle. And his new jibs.
His jibs are incredible.
Yeah.
His teeth were, like, he looked like a Hollywood star.
I saw him on the-
I know.
I go, who should get this, buddy?
Mine are yellow as shit.
Sean Avery calls them movie teeth.
I think I need to get a set of those big chiclets.
Okay, so-
I thought you already got some jibs, Biz.
No, your jibs are just naturally that good?
I got a bridge right now and like
right now it feels like it's getting a little loose from all the fucking all the yeah just what
we need is to get better looking and get more chicks sometimes it can make you worse looking
though i've seen some i've seen some jibs that go real bad well i just signed up for a two for one
i got the teeth and the nose getting fixed i'm'm going to end up with a Michael Jackson nose and these big fucking
chompers on my,
on my,
but,
uh,
yes,
we're,
we're big.
Uh,
we're big hot take guys here on this podcast.
So give me your hot take going into game six and then give us your
prediction on how the game's going to play out.
What's going to happen.
What's been building up in your mind is what you think is going to
happen at the mega church come Friday night.
So this, this is what I think, uh, is that this is going to be stewart skinner's game so i talked about stewart skinner i think that's going to be stewart skinner's game where uh florida wants to
end it florida's mad now they're angry kachuk is probably embarrassed with the big prediction he
made that didn't come true so i bet you we are going to have this storm from Florida
that's going to be ridiculous.
And it's going to be Stuart Skinner's game to steal.
To win the Stanley Cup, I think the Oilers have to win in four different ways.
I posted this a few weeks ago, where Stuart Skinner's got to steal a game.
And that's the game that we're going to see in game six.
We need to have a blowout, which we've checked that off.
We need to have a hard-working blue-collar game,
which we kind of had in game five.
And then we need an overtime winner.
And I think game seven is going to go to overtime.
I do too.
I do too.
And I think it's going to be Zach Hyman
who's going to score the overtime winner
on an epic McDavid play.
And he's going to shoot.
And Zach Hyman's going to just get this
and he's going to get a greasy rebound
and the boys are going to throw their gloves
and we're going to be jumping around in the suite.
I'm going to be crying tears, and I'm going to
be hugging. Zach Hyman's
going to score an overtime winning goal
in game seven. What a picture
you just painted. Holy shit.
I'm not kidding.
I said on another episode that game seven of the Cup Final has never gone to overtime.
Apparently, it did.
I think, like, maybe.
Was it the 40s?
It might have been, like, the 40s or something, though.
The last time a team came back from down 3-0, basically, in 42 or whatever it was when the Leafs did.
Thinking of Game 7, thinking of the Oilers, getting this game six,
going to game seven and going to overtime actually makes me sick to my
stomach.
Like imagine sitting there watching that.
Like you,
I can't even really think about that.
Like you'd be,
you'd be ready to puke the entire time.
Imagine the arena.
Imagine the players,
the least nervous people would be the players.
They'd just be going around
playing the fans without question i don't know if it'd be like i don't know what i'd do you could
have a heart attack watching that honestly you you really could and i've got i've got this
anxiousness in my chest thinking about it right now that potential that being said like i don't
know how how a player can control the emotions i don't know how a coach
can help control the room going into overtime i know this is all hypothetical but if you're going
into overtime in the stanley cup playoffs let alone the stanley cup finals let alone game seven
like we just described wit and biz i gotta ask you how do you calm your energy and how do you stay in your body i would just because you guys
are nhl stars i i would never know seven loads in my belly button pre-game nap putting a mushroom
in at the second second overtime intermission playing the tunes in the locker room definitely
a lot of micro dosing that entire day.
Maybe a little hot yoga where there's a wicked lot of fat and ARA.
Maybe just to really calm the nerves.
But other than that, maybe there's a Thai massage parlor in town that if I was a Florida Panther, I would probably hit up,
get on the road, try to calm the nerves.
I like your prediction, but I know I was wrong the last couple of pods,
but my prediction is we're getting so excited and we assume it's going to be
an Oilers win and Sasha Barkov is going to figure things out and he's going to
steal that con Smythe from Connor McDavid.
I think Barkov's going to have a hat trick.
I think it's going to be a four, two win with an empty netter.
And it's just going to be a very sad.
This is game six?
This is game six?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, Jesus.
There it is, boys. Yes. Oh, Jesus.
There it is, boys.
Clip it right there.
Going back to Florida for game seven.
No, the magic's over.
It's all said and done.
That's my hot take and prediction.
It's like, oh, you can go back. I thought you were going to pick the order.
That's very nice, but I guess.
You said that last.
No offense, Kess.
No offense.
I'm just saying.
I know what's going to happen.
Biz Tredomis is back.
Sasha Barkov is going to go back to that mean 200-foot game.
He's going to gobble them up.
Connor McDavid's going to have no ice, and he's going to disappoint.
Hey, Biz, I can see if it's going to go down, it will go down that way.
I think that that's  I hate the prediction.
I hate it.
But, no, that's all I'm going that's, I hate the prediction. I hate it, but no,
that's all I'm going to say.
I hate it.
Yeah.
McDavid,
he was a plus seven to one last week in the consummate.
He's now minus 200.
He's the favorite.
Back off is three to one plus 300,
but Brodsky plus seven 50,
Maddie could Chuck 30 to one.
Every other player after that is 300 to one or higher to,
to win the consummate trophy.
I mean, you'd have to have like back-to-backto-back hat tricks to beat any of those top four guys.
But did you put any money on any Kahn-Smythe action?
Yes?
Did you take any money for it?
No, no, no.
I haven't at all.
When I'm gambling, I just like to gamble and play cards.
I like to play crib and play blackjack.
That's it.
I don't do any sports betting yet. Wish I could say that. Uh, what do you do for pregame? You hit a bar,
you just kind of like low key, keep the nerves down or what? Uh, well, it all depends. I mean,
I'm a dad of four kids now. So sometimes I'm putting the kids to bed and then I'm getting
in the truck and I'm heading to the rink. Um, but we'll always usually meet at the JW for a drink.
My dad and my brother have been with me this whole playoff run, which has been really great
to experience that. My dad saw things in the eighties, uh, you know, it was a big part of those
epic playoff runs, you know, with Gretzky and mess and all those guys, my brother,
I just graduated high school, first year university in oh six. So he got his time to party.
Um, and now me as, as, as an adult, I get to enjoy the 2024 cup Run. So it's been great to have us three amigos go to a few games and have some fun.
Do you have an all-time favorite Oilers story?
Like maybe an interaction with one of them or like a funny thing that ended up going down randomly?
Yeah, well, there's a few.
I mean, one of my favorite Oilers memories that I ever saw was my brother and I,
we were sitting front row
at Rexall place of the second of the second deck so really really good seats we had season tickets
that year it's um I think it's 2006 or 7 and the Oilers are playing the Dallas Stars and we've got
about 10 seconds left and Patrick Steffen goes into the empty net and Peter Labardius I just I
could quote his his uh his commentating says and and
patrick stefan goes in and he's gonna ice it or at least i thought he was gonna ice it oh no and
bergeron passes it up to ryan smith who takes the check gets it to hemski and hemski scores
and ray ferraro that was his first year i think doing color commentating it says patrick stefan
you should be ashamed for what you just did.
Can you believe what we just saw that does not belong in the National Hockey League?
And my brother and I, because they scored and they tied it up with overtime,
my brother and I were jumping so hard that we almost fell over the balcony.
Like we were this close to dying because Patrick Stephan missed the empty net.
So that was probably one of my favorite Oilers memories.
We saw Sam Gagne get his eight points.
I was there when Ebbs took his very first goal.
The toe drag, that was huge.
But an encounter I had with Wayne Gretzky was May 1st, 2017.
We've talked about it a million times,
but when my microphone didn't work,
I didn't really realize what had happened
and dave simenko and wayne gretzky were right there in the hallway going back to the oilers
dressing room and they were the first two guys i saw and simenko put his arm around me i've known
him for many years put his arm around me i only went up to his his belt he's so big and he said
well that worked out for you and wayne gretzky looked at me and says, hey, Kiss, I got an idea.
Maybe you should try not singing more often.
So I thought that was a pretty cool little line.
And then we just went on our merry way.
Wayne can throw daggers, eh?
He's got some stirrups.
He's a funny guy.
Oh, he's so funny.
He's quick.
That's all I know.
Kiss, I kissed.
Dude, we appreciate you coming on, buddy.
This has been awesome.
All right, you got something else for him?
Yeah, just one anthem question.
Is it me or does it seem like the anthem for the other country gets sung much quicker?
For example, down in the States, the Canadian one gets done a lot faster and vice versa up there.
Is that just the way I'm hearing it?
Is there some validity?
I agree with you.
Yeah, the American singers are going to really breeze through O Canada super quick.
Whereas up here in Canada,
we like to breeze through the American one because we've watched so much
sports over the years that when an artist,
unless you're Carrie Underwood or Whitney Houston or Chris Stapleton,
sing,
sing the anthem as well as you can,
but sing it fast.
And my dad says,
sing it.
Well,
sing it fast.
Get your ass off the ice.
Let's play hockey.
So anybody who does a two and a half minute version, it me yeah sometimes the rhymes out there go ahead yeah and just the
last thing i know you mentioned i forgot the name of the song but it's been playing a lot throughout
the playoffs on sportsnet where they're doing it in those opening game montages and you've been
having great success i think you said over a million streams already what's the name of the
song that you'll be traveling with and playing throughout the summer?
Oh, thanks, dude.
Well, it's called Let Your Horses Run.
So it's brand new.
It's only been out a couple of weeks.
And yeah, it's already top 20 on country radio, which is the fastest I've ever had a song reach top 20.
So I'm really, really excited.
And it's a big moment in our show.
We've planned a lot around Let Your Horses Run.
So the video comes out in a couple of weeks too.
So yeah, thanks for letting me
give that song a plug.
I'm really proud of it.
No problem.
We appreciate you coming on.
We know you're a massive Oilers fan.
It was great to get to know you
a little bit more on that plane ride.
And we'll see you game six, man.
I think that roof is going to pop off
and it's going to be a special time.
It's going to be unreal.
Thanks a lot, Biz and Ari
and with guys.
It means a lot to me. So yeah, let's go Oilers. One win at a time. And Biz, to be unreal. Thanks a lot, Biz and RA and Whit. Guys, it means a lot to me.
Let's go Oilers. One win at a time. Biz, I hope you're wrong.
I hate your prediction.
He's always wrong.
My pleasure, pal. See you tomorrow night.
All right, boys. We're going to send it over to a sponsor.
We'll be right back.
All right, folks. Before we go
any further, here's a few words from our friends
at Kraken.
Today, we're talking about Kraken, one of the OG crypto platforms.
These guys have been around way longer than the hockey team, for over a decade, in fact.
And Kraken's world-class security is like having an all-star goalie protecting your assets 24-7.
It gives you peace of mind when it comes to trading.
With over 190 cryptocurrencies
available, there's something for everyone here. Or maybe you're looking for new ways to approach
your strategy in crypto. The Kraken Learn Center is an awesome educational resource for all
experience levels. So join the 10 million plus clients already using Kraken's intuitive platform to buy crypto. Go to
kraken.com slash chicklets and see what crypto can be. Not investment advice. Crypto trading
involves risk of loss. Hey, busy boy, did you guys really stop in Red Deer for fuel on that PJ or
were you just making a joke on the text thread? No, we had to stop in Red Deer for not only a
little bit of fuel, but I think we had to drop one of the people off on the plane and they had a little business to attend to i think they
were like buying cattle so it's just like i mean you can't script alberta this is the craziest cup
run going and uh boys it's so fun being back on the sauce and being able to enjoy it as a fan and
this is delivered and and like i said after game four
when we had we had the whole crew on we had army merles as well it was kind of just like it felt
like it was going to be the end in game five right where we got to celebrate the last game in edmonton
on a special season but they have completely revived this series uh knob lock has made tons
of adjustment adjustment after adjustment after adjustment. And these players have responded.
And we find ourselves in an unbelievable situation
going back to one of the meccas of hockey.
So I'm so thrilled.
I can't wait to celebrate it with all the fans.
I'm going to be hitting up the Moss Pit.
Who knows what else we're going to be doing now.
R.A., I did ask earlier, and we kind of got sidetracked.
Do you think that Kate should get the nod to go to game six?
I mean, I don't know whose call it is, but yeah, absolutely.
I was going to maybe work on that a little bit later.
I'm going to see you probably in about 12 hours.
I got to head to the airport in a little bit.
So, yeah.
You're going to Edmonton?
Yeah.
You think he's not?
Yeah.
Fucking right, buddy.
Yeah.
You know what else?
What is your flight path?
I got a four o'clock flight to Ottawa
Whose airport is from 1962
Switch planes there to Edmonton
I get in about 10 o'clock tonight, Edmonton time
And probably see Biz over at Joey's Bell Tower
Are you going to Game 7?
Is Game 7 on the table too, R.A.?
Fuck yeah, guy
I'm going to Game 7
I have to
You're going?
I have to I gotta go back game seven. I have to. You're going? I have to.
I got to go back to Florida now.
Oh, my God.
I think we have to.
Game seven, Oilers Cup.
I got to log into my Ryer app again in Florida.
I'll just have to go to Vegas from Florida.
I'm sure my wife's going to love this one.
Speaking of festivities, I'm actually going to the Snoop Dogg show tonight, too.
Yeah, good buddy. I wish I was up there. Snoop Dogg's in Edmont to the Snoop Dogg show tonight too. Yeah, good buddy.
I wish I was up there.
Snoop Dogg's in Edmonton?
Snoop, it just so happens he's throwing a concert here tonight,
the night before game six.
So he'll be rocking his Oilers jersey, I'm sure.
I'm actually buddies with one of his right-hand men
and a guy who's in charge of his merch line.
He does all the death row stuff, and they actually just did the collab with a bunch of the hockey guys.
They did one with Wi-Fi in Montreal.
They did one with Ryan Reeves,
and I want to say that there's a couple more guys.
Maybe Max Domi got in the mix.
Yeah.
I think George LaRock, they just released one too,
who I'm sure will be at the show tonight.
So I'm actually going to get the opportunity to go down and smoke one with
Snoop after the show.
That's unreal.
That's cool.
Doesn't he smoke like 50 to 60 joints a day?
Wasn't there like some story about that?
I don't know,
but I have a buddy here who rolled,
he has like a special seven gram joint.
Like it's a,
it's basically a fucking cannon.
So we're going to get,
bring it down after and present it to him. And we just gonna hot box the green room that's unreal he must be
staying for the game though i know is he gonna stick around i talked to him i'm gonna say you're
crazy if you don't stay for this one but i'm pretty sure that his his uh manager said that
they have to go because they have another show like the next day they have some a show friday
they gotta be somewhere on friday so
unfortunately because having snoop in the crowd for that imagine the pop that he would get on the
blown out fucking weed smoke he comes out can you imagine like jumbotron if that went down holy
shit i wouldn't know which way to look uh my paul maurice is on the bench like what the fuck is happening right now we're not deflated
I'm just high
my brother smoked two ounces
like 25 years ago when Snoop was in town
Paulie Walnut's got him a couple of
ounces he was staying at the Boston Hobbit Hotel
obviously a long time ago there was no
dispensaries yet he needed a couple
of Z's so the bellhop knew my brother called
him up my brother got a picture with him he didn't smoke with him
or anything but hung out in the room with him for a couple of minutes.
Got a picture with Snoop Dogg.
Picked him up with two ounces.
I mean, you must feel
kind of like Snoop Dogg on the road
because most cities you go, you have
somebody dropping you off free stuff. Now,
I can't imagine to the level of
Snoop Dogg and how much free weed he gets
wherever he travels. But, I mean,
you got to feel kind of like him, no? geez I never really thought of like that but by the way especially
after this past week RA um well I mean a lot of friendly people with the weed up in Canada
and wherever else Florida you know very generous very generous listeners of the podcast here G
uh but no Snoop he paid I mean I think it was like 350 a Z way back in the day they weren't
cheap it was the hydro stuff but I never thought of it like that because, yeah, I don't feel like Snoop.
I mean, other than being stoned a lot.
But no, Alice is the best, man.
You've got to put the bat signal out or they just come up to hand you their vape pen, gummies, weed, whatever.
Like, they're just fucking, they're awesome.
Speaking of our listeners, we'll actually be hanging with them in Vegas next Wednesday at 5.30 p.m.
We'll be at Stadium Swim at Circa.
A little Pink Whitney meet and greet at Stadium Swim.
That's going to be unreal.
And then on Thursday, the next day in Vegas,
we'll be doing a Pink Whitney bottle signing starting at 1.45 p.m.
at Lee's Discount Liquors located at 4230 South Rainbow Boulevard.
See you there, Chicklets fans.
So we're basically going from game seven, Monday,
flying to Vegas,
Tuesday, and then we got sandbaggers
and interviews lined up. So this is just
wait, you're going to, your wife's
going to divorce you. You're going
to be living on our race.
You're not going to hear from
me or see me for two months.
Our race., speaking of
the single life,
anything you want to talk about?
I mean, you can ask me stuff, but I'm a gentleman.
I'm an old-fashioned guy. I'm not one to
kiss and tell if I even did kiss.
Oh, yeah.
What a gentleman you are.
Get up to group chat at fucking 4 o'clock in the morning.
Oh, that's
the boys, five, six's a that's yeah.
That's the boys.
Five, six.
I said, I said, I said, I sent an emoji smiley face for every time I made her.
Come on.
Don't throw me in the bus.
Don't throw me in the bus. All right.
This has been an incredible cup final.
Can't do this right now.
Can't do this right now, boys.
It's gross.
Don't think of me.
Fucking porn Gatorade.
Let alone me fucking getting it on.
Wait till you see me
and R.A. and Kate's
sex tape coming out.
They're going to play it on
the Jumbotron. That's how they're going
to get the crowd pop.
The only thing that could stop the
Oilers from forcing Game 7 is
you and R.A. and the same sex tape.
I don't think... I mean, we got the chat going.
Did you guys want to take a few questions from the chat or did you guys want to wrap?
Well, we got some NHL news.
A lot of hockey news.
Tons of hockey news.
That's right.
Okay, let's get to that first.
Absolutely.
Calgary sent goalie Jacob Box from to New Jersey for defenseman Kevin Ball in a conditional first in 25, top 10 protected.
Flames are going to retain about a third of his salary as well.
He's got two more years left at a 6 million cap hit.
Ball's going to be 24 next week.
He was Arizona's second-round pick back in 2018,
played 148 games over four seasons with the Devils.
Piz, I thought the return was a little underwhelming for Calgary.
I mean, Box was a fucking top-flight goalie when he's on.
And I don't know.
If I'm a Calgary fan, I'm expecting a little bit more here, no?
I thought all the moves they'd made prior to this,
they did excellent on how much return they got in managing their assets.
I don't know how much the lack of return here played into the fact
that Markstrom was not happy about how the situation fizzled out towards the end of return here played into the fact that Markstrom was not happy
about how the situation fizzled out towards the end of the year.
He basically said, don't fucking call me or talk to me unless you have a deal.
And then they thought that they did.
They did talk to him and then it didn't end up going down.
So that was what he'd asked for prior.
And then it aggravated him to the point where it kind of, I don't know if it
like hurt the relationship, but it definitely pissed off Markstrom to the point where he
was vocal to media about it.
So maybe the, um, the maybe lack of willingness to want to come back to Calgary and then kind
of having to get rid of the situation played into this.
Um, but you know, I think that Kevin ball is going to be a great, like five defenseman, a great big shutdown defenseman.
I think that the high end for him is probably like a number four
who compliments on the second pairing to a guy who's a little bit
more offensive, a guy who could fucking box out and be a real hard,
heavy guy to play against.
So maybe they see value in that and the fact that I don't think he makes a ton of money and probably will be
locked in at a very fair price,
given the fact that he's restricted.
So maybe they found value in that.
And the fact that they already have a few defensemen that they're paying a
decent amount of money and that are locked in,
but I'd have to agree with you.
I was a little disappointed in the return that Calgary got,
especially at the fact that they're retaining salary.
That's what I was surprised about.
Huge, huge pickup for the New Jersey Devils.
Like this is a master for them.
That is one component that they needed in taking a step in the right direction,
solidifying their goaltending, getting that experience,
and also like a little bit of leadership in that locker room.
Mark Shrum, as you know, Witt, he's kind of a presence when he walks in,
and that's something that I felt that they lacked,
and especially a number one goaltender, and that's obvious.
How many years left on his term before we hand it over to Witt?
I want to say two or three.
Two more years left.
That's a good little window there to maybe even get him locked back in
if he provides what we expect him to in New Jersey.
And the first-round pick, I mean, well, it's top 10 protected,
but I would think with Markstrom and if New Jersey can stay healthy,
they have a good chance to go on a little run next year.
I know I hate saying that with Pasha somewhere on this stream,
but that,
that pick could be,
that could be a late first rounder.
You're not that worried about that.
You've got all this young talent you need.
You have all these guys.
They have guys that aren't even in this on the team yet that they're already
planning for a couple of years from now in Jersey.
So Calgary,
it just,
it's just rebuild time.
I mean,
maybe they can do it a little quicker than, than you've seen other teams have to go through
that, but it's going to be a tough couple of years there.
I bet you they're hoping that when their new arena opens, I believe it's going to be three
more seasons in their current one that maybe when that new arena opens, they're ready to
kind of get going and go on a little bit of a run and start things over.
But Markstrom is going to be huge.
I've always loved this game.
Let's see if he can kind of be consistent throughout the next two seasons.
I think sometimes there's been drop-off year to year,
but I love him as a guy.
I think he's a great, great goalie, and that's exactly what Jersey needed.
Before you go, R.A., I was just going to  or actually, go ahead.
We'll talk about it after.
Yeah, I was just going to say, I mean, it's a pretty good budget for Jersey, too.
I mean, you've got a number one in Markstrom, Jake Allen.
I mean, he's a damn good backup.
He was great for Montreal the last few years,
making a combined 8 million on a cap hit, 6 million in actual dollars.
So, you know, you've got a bona fide number one
and a damn good backup for 8 million.
That's good work by Fitzy.
Great point.
Hughes makes fucking 8 million, too.
It's like yeah what a deal
that was what do you got that was busy uh well no just a great point that you ended up bringing up
there like it makes the jake allen move last year make a lot more sense oh yeah it was like it felt
like too little too late but they clearly were just looking towards the future and what was was
this year now uh i think that we have that piece of shit posture on,
so we might as well get what he thinks of it.
But if we are going to hear him, please play the disclaimer.
Warning, the following statements are about to be made
by a deranged Devils fan.
The views expressed are his and his only.
Take everything you hear with a grain of salt because, remember,
he is a deranged Devils fan.
There he is.
What's up, fellas?
What's up, TMZ?
Yeah, I'll cut to the chase.
I think it's a great move for Jersey.
You guys have heard me talk about it now for almost a year.
They need a goalie.
When things were getting desperate this season, I even said,
I don't care if we overpay.
So it's nice to see them do it with such a reasonable return.
Everyone was talking
about 10th overall pick, throwing Nemitz's name out there, which was just crazy talk.
So to do the deal without giving up those two, even Holtz, I think, I still think they might
flip Holtz for another piece, whether it's a forward to play with Jack or, you know, a D-man.
But like you said, Biz, you know, they get a two-year window with Markstrom.
I know everyone's like, get a younger goalie,
set them up with a timeline of the young team, whatever.
Get a goalie for these two years.
Because the alternative is what?
Saros, obviously a great goalie, but you had to pay a lot to get him and then sign him for eight years at a crazy cap hit.
So I think another bit of tidy business from Fitzy,
exactly what the team needed
and a big step towards rattling off a couple of those cups I mentioned are you sad to part ways
with Kevin Ball not really I mean he's a big body but he didn't really like use his size as much as
he should have he didn't have that snarl that he you know should have played with and like I said
with some of the other names that were floated out there,
Holtz, Nemitz, things like that,
you got to give up something
to get a player like Markstrom.
So I think they do need size on the back end.
I think they'll be in the mix big time
for Zdorov or Tanev,
but it's the price of doing business.
Where are you right now, Posh, still in Vancouver?
Back in Vancouver, yeah, long travel to yesterday.
And then first thing tomorrow,
back to Edmonton for the big game six.
Who's your wingman?
Who's my wingman?
Memes.
Oh, Memes is actually in Vancouver, too.
Yeah, Memes, he came here.
He's crashing with his buddy tonight.
He's in van?
He's in van right now, yeah.
So God knows what he gets up to tonight.
But, yeah, he'll be coming tomorrow to Edmonton as well.
All right, buddy. Well, we'll see you there
a little later, a little tomorrow. Any other stuff
for Pasha, Biz, Whit, before we
send this motherfucker off? No.
Fuck him.
Nope.
Oh, they took off all right.
You guys,
clean it up, clean it up. Another big
trade. I don't know if it was because he didn't
like the new kings logo i don't g just sent it over the kings they're redoing their oh i love
that that's their old one that's awesome yeah it looks like they changed the font around a little
bit but either way big old trade uh less than a year after handing over four assets to winnipeg
to acquire pierre luke dubois via atrade. The LA Kings have already dispatched the third overall pick from the 2016 draft,
sending him to Washington for 34-year-old goalie Darcy Kemper.
This is PLD's third time being traded in fewer than three and a half years.
He's heading into the second year of an eight-year, 68 million deal.
His no-move clause kicks in next week, so the Kings beat the buzzer there.
Darcy Kemper won the 22 Cup with Colorado.
He's got three more years left, that five and a quarter million.
Our buddies at Empty Netters had a great tweet.
It is astoundingly tough for the Kings that PLD, Alex Ayafalo, Gabe Vellati,
Sean Dursey, Rasmus Kupari, and a second round that just turned in to Darcy Kemper,
which I don't know, man.
I just got to put Rob Blake under the microscope a little bit.
I think big time, big time.
And like you need a goalie.
It's similar to Jersey, LA.
We need a goalie.
We need a goalie.
Well, this guy lost his job to Charlie Lindgren this year.
Like you're not exactly going out and grabbing Markstrom.
I just think it's wild what's happened.
And I also, I wish I knew the exact numbers,
but why not just buy him out?
No, well, I think that this move ends up,
I think it's a great move for both teams.
You think it's a great move for LA?
It doesn't cost them anything.
Listen, the fact that what you just saw on the screen
and what they essentially gave up for Darcy Kemper,
absolutely not.
Those were horrible moves.
But for them to be able to get away from PLD's contract
based on what we saw last season
and kind of what we've seen in the past, right?
Like, never really any long periods of sustained dominance.
He did have one good playoff with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
But, you know, we saw even in Columbus like that shift
where he was straight-legged the whole time
and wasn't really given much effort.
A lot of talks this year apparently, from what I've heard,
going into the coach's room with McClellan,
trying to figure things out.
And, like, McClellan wasn't or, or, or overly aggressive about it.
I think he was just basically trying to show him examples of like, you just have to like
dig in and play it at a harder, more aggressive level.
That was something that we didn't see.
So at the fact that we saw it all season long and then in playoffs that way, they needed
to part ways with them somehow.
So to to from my
understanding they're not retaining any money either right no they are they are getting rid
of that so now you have i want to say darcy kemper has three years left on his deal and he makes five
million dollars five and a half if if if him and talbot can share the net and be a good tandem
that is they need they needed to solidify goaltending
from an overall stance.
I don't think Talbot was horrible against the Oilers.
I don't think he's the answer.
I think that Darcy Kemper had a little bit of success in LA.
We saw him in Arizona after LA.
That's where he had come from.
There is game in Darcy Kemper.
I have seen him.
I've seen him steal plenty of games.
Mind you, that's when he's getting peppered with 40, 45 shots a game, and he's
feeling it because he's seeing so much rubber. But the fact
that you're able to get rid of, what, six more years or seven
more years of PLD and only have to have that many of Darcy Kemper
at that cap hit, that is a win. So now you can go
use that money to fill in other areas and hopefully get
guys back who can bring what to the table that those other guys that were
listed that they got rid of to bring in PLV.
I just think it's maybe I'm crazy here,
but Dubois got three 60 point seasons.
He's 25 years old.
I just don't think like you can completely write this guy off yet
I could be proven completely wrong here and I know it was a brutal year but it's just I don't know
you're you're you're completely calling it in with him like who's to say like he couldn't turn it
around a little bit because if once July 1st hits if they make that gamble, they're stuck with him. In my opinion, I think it's the right move to move off of him based on what I saw.
It was more of a, if he wanted to be there so bad,
and this communication with the coaches in which they're trying to say,
hey, we need more from you, we need more from you.
And anybody watching this or listening to this, I've heard that PLD's a great guy.
Like I heard there was no issues in the locker room
or with the players from like a personal standpoint.
Maybe they had issue with what he was contributing to the table
based on what he was making.
And once again, all of us and people watching right now,
they watched him play.
The lack of effort after having these types of conversations with your coaches,
that to me was what was concerning.
It's like, man, there's a loose puck battle.
Go in there and fucking dig and go get it.
Yeah, you're huge.
And you're huge.
A lot of just reaching for pucks, never really truly digging in.
The straight-leggedness, and i go back to this a
little bit like not having leverage on making these high risk uh low percentage passes cross
ice guys i watched a lot of king kings games they were one of my four teams this year i was just
overall not not impressed with what he was bringing so for me the risk was is if you're
wrong and you think he's going to take that jump and you talk about these 60-point seasons, like, sure, sure.
And that was also in a young man's game where you hit a certain age
and all of a sudden you start slowing down.
And that's what I saw creeping in.
I also, though, think that this is a good move for Washington
because you don't really have much there.
Like, they don't got much.
They got a lot of young guys in that lineup.
They didn't have much scoring overall last year. I want to say they finished the season with two, maybe three guys that hit 20 goals.
Dylan Strom did it.
Ovechkin did it.
And I want to say it was maybe Manta who had it, but he ended up getting traded.
I might be wrong there, but they might've had three.
I got a quote here from Caps GM Brian McClellan.
This acquisition brings in a talented 25-year-old with immense potential
to become a top-tier center in the NHL.
With his size, exceptional skating, and high hockey IQ,
we are confident he will thrive in our organization.
I don't know about the exceptional.
He's not an exceptional skater.
Like, what the fuck is he watching? That's spin doctrine but this is actually another uh tweet from our buddy jeff maric if you
ever wonder why some players get chance after chance remember this hockey saying a small player
has to prove that he can play a big player has to prove that he can't i never heard that one before
somehow but yeah all right well that i think i more so um lived in in the past whereas now
teams and gms are are more receptable to like drafting and allowing uh small players to have
the reins um not having to have as prove maybe as much as they did where like back then if you
drafted a guy who was five five he'd have to fucking get the shit beat out of him in the AHL for four years,
like the league on fire, to maybe get a sniff.
Whereas now it's not like that.
You see guys like Stan Colvin.
I think he played maybe the full year, one year in the A,
and boom, he's up and they're giving him all the ice in the world
because he deserves it.
But Pierre-Luc Dubois is not an exceptional skater,
and that to me is the biggest risk element as to why LA shouldn't have kept him.
This is a fast game now.
Maybe he's going to go off to, who do we have on?
Was it Alex Tuck who talked about his skating coach and how he helped him,
especially when he had the puck on a stick.
And he's one of those guys where you see when he gets going, you're like,
oh man, he's fucking moving good.
PLD needs to dig in and have a huge off season and come in.
And, and I hope that he does it.
And I hope that he goes over to Washington and makes an impact,
but this is like a business decision.
And I would have made the same one that Rob Blake made.
Wait, do you think this might be an example or a case of a guy who maybe
doesn't necessarily love the game?
He just happens to be fucking awesome at it, but doesn't always.
I can't always apply himself.
I can't even go there because without knowing him, it's not fair.
No doubt there's confidence levels involved.
I think that's Biz's argument, though,
that when your confidence is lacking offensively,
just work your dick off, go run people over.
So that wasn't happening.
So if you're like grinding and working hard,
forechecking and not scoring,
it's a
lot different than the shift we saw back in the day and then some of his you know games this season so
speaking of a business decision though that leads us over to Barkley Goudreau I mean Chris Drury
made a fucking that's a business decision that's a cutthroat decision because from everything I'm hearing, he had a 15-team no-trade list.
San Jose was on there.
And Drury said, all right, well, we're just putting you on waivers.
And San Jose claimed him, and he can't be happy about that one.
You feel bad because this guy?
Well, also, Rangers fans were begging for this guy to be cut from the team midseason.
Now they love him because of his playoff success but
he's gone and chris drew made a decision that definitely wasn't easy to do but that's a part
of this business where you say oh my god things are good you're in new york you have a good playoff
and boom you're going to the worst team in the league people are also trying to bring up the
fact that like uh those two guys are buddies right drew? Drury and Greer are pretty close. Yeah, BU helping BU, yeah.
So, like, how do you feel about that?
Are you okay with the fact that that conversation took place
and essentially this guy is now
so there was a loophole in going to a team
that he had part of his no-trade list.
Like, how do you feel?
Yeah, he had a no-trade.
That's why you always want the no-move.
The no-move, you can't even put on waivers.
You can't be bought out.
You can't be traded.
The no trade, buddy, we can get rid of you another way.
And it's just, that's like where you see this side of it.
And you're like, oh, it's just so cutthroat.
But Drury thinks, listen, we need some money to be freed up here.
Yeah, he had a good playoff, but I don't see him in our future.
He struggled all season.
You're gonzo.
What was I going to say?
And we didn't ever have to give up anything.
I don't know.
I think the Caps might.
Do you think.
Go back to that tree real quick.
Do you think the Caps might have something up their sleeve, like possibly moving Dubois at all?
Like, in other words, like, you know.
No, I think the Caps are trying to get a little talent around Ovi till he breaks this record and then it's going to be ripped down and they're going to be horrible for a long time.
I think honestly, the Washington Capitals right now and Spencer Carberry did this incredible job and somehow they got in the playoffs.
Nobody knows how still, but this team is it's on a downward trajectory and the entire franchise is basically moving around Ovi breaking Gretzky's
record and then they're starting over. That's my opinion on it. I, I, I view it as a no risk move
for Washington and the fact that like, which has said, they're trying to get Ovi to the record.
There's going to be a rebuild process. You're going to have to get to the cap floor. So why
not take the swing on Pierre-Luc Dubois? Um going back to those 60-point seasons where all of a sudden,
I think he's making, what, eight and a quarter?
All of a sudden, in a couple of years, if you've got a second-line center
putting up 60 points, if you're paying them eight and a quarter,
it's not that bad.
The problem with it in L.A. was the window of them wanting to win a cup
is shrinking at the fact that Doughty and Kopitar
only have a few years left so they need to go address what they can fix that team with now
as opposed to Washington just wanting a competent piece to get to the basement floor and and who
knows maybe maybe hitting a home run the fact that he goes and and has an off season uh to to
remember and and goes back and find his game now wit you also brought him back up like
if i was being challenged and called out and kind of being like i want to say mocked in the media
like if you're pld you can't tell me that you didn't see the noise in the in the rumblings all
year there's no way that you can ignore the the amount of uh no disgust that why wouldn't you go
out there and fucking show some anger and
grab a guy that could be ra's thing where he's just like dude i'm making so much money i like
i don't really care that is a fair possibility i'm not going to sit there and say like this guy
blatantly doesn't like the game and is collecting a paycheck but biz what you're saying brings up a
good point like uh say a guy like drew doughty like if he was ever
being called out like like he'd go fucking fight someone or do something like there are plenty of
guys in the league that would understand what was being said and the questions reporters are asking
you and be like all right fuck this like i'm gonna do something and he never did so you wonder now
maybe another change and you figure it out.
Yeah, clearly an issue with passion, I would say.
And just to clarify for our listeners,
San Jose claimed Barkley Goodroff waived as the Rangers had waived him.
He's got three more years left at 3.6 million, a modified no-trade clause.
So basically the Rangers, they've got almost 13 million in cap space right now. That's a lot for that team that typically spends a bunch of dough.
Like we said, he was on the no-trade list, 31-year-old forward.
He signed a six-year, 22 million deal with the Rangers three years ago.
So see what happens there.
Another move, Ty Delandria, San Jose.
I'm sorry.
Ty Delandria, Dallas traded him to San Jose for a fourth rounder in 25.
He's a restricted free agent.
I was surprised by this one, Biz.
I thought this kid was a young building block for the future with Dallas,
but apparently not. Well, I mean mean if you go back to playoffs like they had a
ton of depth right so uh don't necessarily disagree with you but i feel like dallas has
those types of players at their disposal and once again i like this move for san jose because you're
putting respectable bottom six guys around where it's going to
take a lot of pressure off of the high end draft picks that they will
eventually have coming in.
So did we lose wit as wit done for the show?
Yeah.
What's got to go do a name show now,
but I do have a little news,
a major news.
Actually,
some would say chiclets cup,
Ontario registration opens up at 10 a.m.
On June 25th,
barstoolsports dot com slash events. This is going to be an insane tournament. We have basically like all of downtown booked means is the king of
London. So we know the right place is to go where to be, when to be there. Potential, you know,
there's potential talks of I don't want to give too much away, but this is going to be an
unbelievable week. And the first time we brought a chicklets cup to Canada. I can't want to give too much away, but this is going to be an unbelievable weekend. The first time we brought a Chicklets Cup
to Canada. I can't wait.
RA, you've been to London. We did the test
run last year. We went and saw it. It was
incredible. The people,
the places, the bars, the food,
everything. I can't wait to get there.
It's going to be fun, boys. I think this
will be a Canadian version of
Buffalo because Brad Jones, the
guy who helps us set these things
all up.
Like we went to Buffalo back to back years just because of how unbelievable that whole
setup was, where it was centrally located, where in London, they're going to roll at
the red carpet.
My understanding is there's a strong possibility of us doing a live show, even to kick things
off where there'd be like half of a, like half the crowd would be all the people who
have signed up.
And then also locals can come.
So London, Ontario, we're going to have a blast.
We're going to be going to all the bars on that one strip.
We're going to have some unbelievable ball hockey being played.
I think we're going to try to open it up to more teams,
given the fact that it is in Brad Jones' hometown
where he does have access to more resources.
There is also a plan in that top division.
We're going to try as much as we can.
It's not cheap, but we're trying to get sport court
for the top ball hockey division
in order to make it a little bit more legitimate
and draw in some higher-rated teams.
Last year, when we opened up that top division,
the team from Ottawa who ended up winning it,
we'd never even heard of.
You have the best ball hockey players in the world coming to play in this thing it's it's insane
between the big deal selects between nose face killer that piece of shit and i'm sure he's going
to be flip-flopping another team he might even have two teams in the goddamn tournament i don't
know what's going on with that guy but at the end of the day we're trying to make this a top tier
ball hockey tournament for the top end guys but also all these other lower divisions like the bc and d whether it's roll or a ball hockey
come out have fun come for some laughs at a live show come play some ball hockey we'll get
shit faced at night you guys can get some merchandise and create some unbelievable
memories with friends gonna auction the boys off again too like last year we had a lot of fun you
know me and ra got auctioned off to one team.
Colby and Merles got auctioned off to another.
Hopefully, we can have a few more guys from Barstool there,
maybe Barstool chief Rudy Riggs.
Have those guys there.
We can auction them off as well.
Raise some money for a good cause and a good charity
and get to play with some of the boys.
Let's go, baby.
London, Ontario.
We're coming September.
Do we have the official date?
It will be September
19th through the 21st.
Love it.
I think it was 20 in the 21st.
That's what I got written here.
We got a long ways to fucking go.
We got plenty of stuff going on in the meantime. We do have another
deal here. Biz that connects
extended defenseman Philip
Philippe Roenick with an eight year
58 million dollar deal it carries a 7.25 aav he's only 26 he'll be 27 in october has a no move clause
and uh he has two three and four then a modified no trade clause for the last four this is a pretty
good price i thought this guy really his game really fucking stepped up in vancouver playing
with hughes obviously helped him out but this this come out, our boat, we have figured, Biz, the money-wise,
seven and a quarter.
I would have been reluctant to pay that much.
I understand where the market is.
That is a price comp to Tabes, who plays with Makar.
I think that Tabes is a better player.
I think he's a bit better skater.
I think he's got a better shot. And I just think
just overall better. I think most people would agree with me that they'd go Tabes over Roenick.
Roenick found himself in a great situation coming over from Detroit. I think there was a pretty
heavy tag to be paid. I want to say Vancouver gave up at least one first, if not two first
rounders to get them, but ultimately they needed somebody on that right side to play with Quinn Hughes.
And it is very hard to find a competent right-handed defenseman in free agency.
There basically are none of that caliber.
I think that the one scary aspect and why I might have been a little bit reluctant
to pay him that much money is because I think that you could have got Zdorov on a shorter term and a shorter amount of money.
And I really think that this might be the end with Zdorov in Vancouver. And the fact that if you
look and I listen, I'm not the, I'm not a huge analytic guy, but we obviously saw that Roenick
did struggle in playoffs. He was not the same player come playoff
time uh in the second half of the year he did dip based on the first half of the season and uh
that based on those deep dive and analytics he was carried by quinn hughes's play so it's kind of like
i understand they address the issue of finding someone competent to play with Quinn Hughes, but at seven and a quarter.
And the fact that these numbers are telling you that it was Quintin, it could have been any righty, any decent righty could have had that type of performance.
Do you actually believe that though?
Like you actually, any decent righty?
Like I don't believe that at all. I think it's so hard to find right, competent defensemen
who can handle that type of pressure playing in that situation
that I understand the overpayment.
But if you're a Canucks fan,
I don't think that you can be thrilled about the number here.
That's all.
I think you can just because of all the reports that were coming out.
Frank Cervelli, and we said it two pods ago,
I think he is like the most,
him and Elliott are hand in hand
with the best reporters in the game right now.
And he said there is no chance that this goes under eight.
For him to kind of come out and say,
he fully on believes that this will be a deal
over 8 million.
And then to come in at 725,
like the way the market's going,
defensemen are getting paid left and right.
I don't know. I think if I'm a Canucks fan, I'm pretty excited with this.
I think that, uh, that would have been a situation of, um, overvaluing your worth.
And I think free agency would have hit and he would not have gotten paid what he just got paid
obviously in term because he did get eight years if I'm correct right yeah yeah like yeah he can only get
he can only get seven unless of course like on a on a sign and trade but i i don't think that
anyone in their right mind would have paid eight million for ronick see i think with with the cap
going up between utah san jose they both have to hit the floor they're so far away i believe san
jose is 30 mil from the floor.
Why not?
Why not pay a guy like that?
Because you would have over 16 million invested in your top pairing of defense,
which is insane for the fact that they're not Kale McCarr and they're not Taves.
So I just, like I said, I think that if you have Taves making seven and a quarter,
Roenick should be making about six and a quarter.
That would have been me a good number for Roenick.
I hope that he plays as good as he did in the first half of last season
for at least four years on this contract.
And then, in my opinion, it would have been worth it.
But like I said, I don't think that they're going to be thrilled about this
in a couple of years. i could be dead wrong i'm interested to even hear what the what the chat has
to think of it like they might think i'm wearing a big fat l canucks fans might be thrilled because
of how hard it is to get free agents especially coming to a canadian martin mart uh market and
especially there but once again i think that this is a little bit of an overpayment
based on desperation.
I think that Canucks fans are just focused on the rumors
that Jake Gensel was looking at real estate in West Van this past week.
So maybe that's just me, but rumor boys, Gensel of Canucks.
Guaranteed, he loves talk,
and I think that he's going to convince him to come over there.
And I think that Jake Gensel is the type of guy who doesn't really like the media noise.
I think he really liked Pittsburgh, which is not that crazy of a market.
Um, and then, and then Carolina, now you're going into a different beast.
So, um, but he's got the alligator blood that can deal with that.
And that would be a huge ad for, for them.
Uh, yeah.
There's a net trade, uh, Vancouver got Roenick in a fourth in 2023,
and they sent Detroit a first and a second.
First and a second.
For last year's draft.
This is a crazy number.
I tried to bring it up earlier, but McDavid, when he made that sick play,
cut through all the Panthers, you know he was on the ice for two and a half minutes already
when he made that play on that shift.
Two and a half minutes, he was out there and pulled that shit off, man. Unreal
stuff. Some other good news, Biz.
The ratings. Unreal right now.
Eight and a half million North American viewers
tuned into game five.
A 61
increase over last year. The Stanley
Cup final averaging 7.2
million North
American viewers, up 64
from last year.
That was fucking dynamite, man.
I'd love to see the numbers go up.
Obviously, great for the game, but I almost shit when I seen that, 64. What else we got here?
Gee, Celtics.
We got a tooth to Celtics one as the Boston guys here.
18th title in Celtics history.
Good stuff.
Now they've passed the Lakers.
Yeah, I mean, Dallas, I'm glad they beat Kyrie.
But yeah, the Celtics is that good, man.
I mean, I'm not going to complain.
It was a fucking brutal final when they won.
All right, I got to get your thoughts.
How do you feel about the Celtics leaving Boston immediately?
They didn't really even come back to the city to celebrate.
They went right to Miami to party.
Part of me feels like you win a championship in a city,
like you got to go celebrate with the fans like there's
something like the fans pay their hard-earned money to go watch the games to be they buy the
merchandise they they support you all season long and i just think of like when the bruins won it in
2011 they had to be told to get the fuck out of the city when the celtics like they got to be told
to come to the city they got to be forced to the city. So I don't know. I don't really like it.
I get it.
I get it.
Go to Miami.
That's more their,
their speed,
but party with the fans.
I completely agree. A bizarre move.
RA.
I think that if you're doing it for a quick rip though,
then they're going to come back and,
and,
and give the city the love.
But I think that it comes off as a slap in the face to Boston.
It's not like you're fucking going back to like,
like no offense. It's not like you're fucking going back to like, no offense to Utah.
It's not like you're going to Utah where you
can't even get two beers at the same time.
Come on here.
Historically, though, I think hockey's almost
an exception. Every year we see it.
Washington a couple years ago, Boston, like you mentioned.
These players go out and they get loaded
all over the city or nearby and hang with the fans.
I don't think we see that as much. I know baseball
sometimes with the Red Sox, we've seen guys getting drunk and run down the street, but I don't think we see that as much. I know baseball sometimes with the Red Sox, we've seen, you know,
guys getting drunk and run down the street,
but I don't think we see it as much on the sport.
So, I mean, I honestly didn't even think of it until you mentioned it.
So I can't say I'm too surprised at that at the end of the day, I suppose.
But busy boy.
Well, what do you got, G?
No, no, no.
Go ahead.
All right.
Busy boy.
What are you going to do afternoon in Vancouver, man?
You got a while of time away.
You're going to stay in and take it easy tonight or what?
So actually, so Pasha and Memes flew to Vancouver.
I'm in Edmonton.
I don't know if you just messed up the name of Vancouver.
That's okay, buddy.
You've been on an iconic run
and you still got two games left.
And the fact that you're schlepping
all the way over here is insane.
But like I said, I'm going to go play a little golf today
and then go to the Snoop Dogg concert.
That to me, I've never seen Snoop Dogg perform live.
So I'm really looking forward to it.
Uh, Harrison Cates and the Cates family have been so nice to us.
They've rolled out.
Like, like, like, listen, if I was, if I was the kid of a billionaire, I would probably be a piece of shit.
This kid is the nicest kid in the world.
So they've done such an incredible job of raising,
uh,
I think Chloe's his sister,
Harrison.
I don't know if they have any,
any other siblings,
but just such,
such nice people.
And I can't wait to go to the show with them and take in this,
this special moment.
Uh,
uh,
Kate's brought,
bought the team,
I think in Oh,
wait,
right.
Why are you laughing?
Cause I,
I have to tell this hilarious story.
So we,
me and, uh, me and posh actually went have to tell this hilarious story so we me and uh me
and posh actually went over to harrison's house in edmonton and played some street hockey uh while
we were in edmonton and leave it to posh uh just rifles a fucking shot over the net over well
actually it hit crossbar over the net into the driveway and all you hear is smokes one of the
beautiful beautiful cars in the driveway.
Leave it to Posh, you know?
The year of Posh continues.
A mush, a mush, man.
Jesus.
Kate's bought the team in 2008, guys, and what he's built here
and created here to make that in-game experience the way that it is,
it's just amazing.
And, you know, it's Edmonton, man.
There's not much to do.
So to be able to go to the mega church and get to celebrate these games and two of the
best players on the planet, it's been heck of a run in ownership for them.
And, uh, well, he's building up that ice district to downtown.
Like you can see it's, it's coming like in, in a few years, it's going to keep going and
going and going with that big mega church.
And now the ice district, I think Edmonton's on the rise.
It's on the rise, baby. Good
Canadian city. One last though
before we wrap up, we want to say thanks to the
folks over at Fort Lickadell on the beach for
hosting our meet and greet the other night. Great
time. Great spot. Did you know that place just
opened not too long ago? Fort Lickadell.
Basically, the guy said the name
was around the 80s. I guess it was a nickname back
then, but because we mentioned it so much
the last couple of years, that was the
inspiration for naming it.
They took ours or everyone's?
Well, again, I think
they rejuvenated interest
with the name was why they picked
it, but it was around. It wasn't like we invented it, but
he said because we were talking about it so much
that they got an idea to use
that for the name. So again, just want to thank those folks hosting us the other night.
Great time for a lot of those.
Awesome.
And Biz, we might be back Monday.
See how it goes tomorrow night.
Chicklets fans, we love you guys.
It's been a heck of a year.
I want it to keep going.
We love you.
And if you're in Edmonton, come find us.
We'll be buzzing around the Moss Pit.
Come say hello.
It's been awesome interacting with all you amazing people,
bringing the energy night in, night out.
You guys are what keeps us going.
So shout out to Pink Whitney, all our other sponsors.
We love you.
Love all listeners.
Love you, Chick-fil-A station. is your love They say
a drunken speech
is just
sober thoughts
I like to
poke the bear
I like to
stir the pot
But then you
come on in
and take it up
a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
So I said she could have a free one on the chin Outro Music We need a deep talk.
