Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Warrior Hockey.
The Covert QRL SE Stick released on October 27, 2017. It's incredible.
The SE features a new white, black, and orange graphic made popular by players like Joe Pavelski,
Dustin Bufflin, Patrick Eves, and Blake Wheeler. Absolute studs in the NHL that love this stick.
The Covert QRL SE features the same lightning-quick release and technology as the Covert QRL Stick
Warrior released back in 2016. It's a limited release, and it is available from Senior,
100 flex down to Tike, 20 flex. Also, the Alpha AK-27 SL stick is in gold,
and if you remember Alexey Kovalev, this is exactly what he used.
It released also on October 27th.
The AK-27 features an updated version of the classic Warrior AK-27 graphic
that Kovalev made famous when he was dangling with the Canadians circa 2007.
The hardest guy in the league to get the puck from,
Pat Eves used to go and play practice with him when his dad was coaching
and literally couldn't get the puck from him for 45 minutes when he was 12 years old.
It was a thing that was honestly amazing to watch,
and with that stick, it made him so intimidating to go against.
Jonathan Druin of the Canadiens is also currently using the stick.
The stick is based on that current Alpha QX Pro stick
that features Warrior's Quick
Strike technology and True One Phantom feel. It is a limited release and it is available from
Senior 100 Flex down to Junior 40 Flex. Also, the Alpha QX SE gloves feature a special digital
camo print in gray and black with a solid black cuff roll. They sent me and Grinnelli a pair.
They look sick. They feel unreal. They don't even need to be broken in.
They feel perfect right when you put them on.
The gloves feature the alpha hybrid taper fit.
That's what contours to the shape of your hands right away.
The gloves feature a black Clarino palm,
and it's also limited release, available in junior and senior size.
So check out Warrior, the best products in hockey, gloves and sticks,
made for the pros word by everyone. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 5-1.
Sounds like the WWF.
My name is a Jimmy Q.
A little old school.
Brian Campbell episode 51. ThereHugh. Brian Campbell, episode 51.
That was the number.
There you go, Brian Campbell.
Episode 51, Bob Spittin' Chickens brought to you by Stool Sports.
You're crazy today.
I am a little off the wall today.
What the hell is up?
I can't even blame cough medicine even though I got a call.
Brian Whitney with the what up, what up.
Hello, gentlemen.
Grinnells with the hello, gentlemen.
First off, we want to say thank you to everybody last week for the tremendous support
Mike Motto I know a lot of folks
Probably weren't completely familiar with the name
Or the play when we brought him on but you definitely were afterwards
Is he not one of the best storytellers
Of all time like the way he changes
His voices and stuff is just
That guy is such a beauty and we were
So happy to finally get him in
He actually said for a while he was like hey let's do it
And I was like finally I'm like oh Mot, oh, Mott's would be amazing.
Little did I know
he'd be that good.
It's just his accent
when he says,
I can't.
When's your birthday?
Mott's.
Dude,
there were like two or three times
in an episode,
I'm like,
this motherfucker's accent
is worse slash better than mine.
I was like,
holy shit.
He's like from just outside the city.
That was a lot of fun.
He was a true rock on tour.
He told great stories.
We got bumped up to number one in Canada on iTunes. We don't brag on the show, but he was a true raccoon on tour. He told great stories. We got bumped up to number
one in Canada on iTunes. We don't brag on
the show, but we'll pat ourselves on the back a little.
Number one in Canada. We broke
back on the top ten in the U.S. It had been a while,
and that's a nice spot to be during football season
with all the football podcasts. So, again,
big thank you to all the listeners out there.
The support's been great. We love you guys.
Just want to acknowledge last week's show.
Instead of kicking off
Our hockey this week
Wednesday night's
World Series conclusion
It would be remiss
If we didn't talk about it
One of the truly great
World Series of all time
Yeah I fucking had
The Dodgers man
Bet them for the series
Before the series
Minus 160
God I'm so pissed off
You know what I'm pissed off
That it wasn't a good
Game 7
You know like
I was more
Like granted Yeah I lost So that really rattles me in my wallet.
But it's more than anything that the game wasn't enjoyable.
Every game was so good, and then you know that that ends up
they went up 5-0.
I'm like, it's going to fucking end up like this.
Anti-climactic.
Yeah, game six, at least it was a pitcher's duel, and Houston
Why didn't you start Kershaw?
Dude, I don't get it, man.
I get it. You know you might
use him for three or four runners, then fucking
start the game with him instead of Davos.
After Davos was terrible that first game
he pitched, and he was awful last night, too.
He was so bad, and I couldn't
believe with Kershaw. All right, so
Kershaw doesn't go in. Back in
the day, I feel like, not even back in the day,
I feel like Curt Schilling goes
game one, game five, game seven.
Yeah, then he rants about Nazis and
fucking transgender people, but he at least
was a horse on the hill.
And then Kershaw's this good, he's gonna
then, you're gonna bring him in
and that, it's just, I don't know. Yeah, all he did was
keep them close, but if they started them, then
who knows, they get a couple of knocks early in the game,
they might have the lead. It was just like a questionable
decision. I'm sure Dodgers, I'm sure Dodgers fans woke up today and forgot the World Series was last night because they live in L.A.
And there's a fucking beach and hot broads and bikinis everywhere.
So probably real easy to just ease back into life when you live in L.A.
They're fake fans.
They're fake fans.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, L.A.
There was tons of tickets left like three hours before the game.
Yeah, it's L.A.
It's not Miami as far as like there's no one cares.
But I think that it's a lot easier for those people to just like,
yeah, yeah, well, back to the beach or back to my big-breasted actress
wannabe girlfriend or stuff like that.
And conversely, man, I hope there's a day when
You're going back to Kevin Spacey's house?
Oh, yeah, I know.
I do hope there's a day when,
you know,
like,
we can have a sports team
that isn't fucking,
like,
tied into some sort of
fucking tragic event
where they can just win
a series and not have
the dedicated victims
of a natural disaster
or a fucking mass shooting
or something like that.
Having said that,
it was exactly what,
you know,
what people in Houston
needed.
Did you see the video
of Tex last night,
Tex from Bosco?
I saw,
I saw, was that like the three-minute one?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was.
I hadn't even really.
I feel bad saying it.
I didn't see a lot of stuff.
I saw it everywhere, but I never really read up on it.
Shame on me.
But then you see those pictures, and you're like, holy shit.
Part of the city was completely destroyed.
It probably still is.
Oh, it's a disaster.
And Tex, I mean, obviously he's from Texas.
He went down to, like, find his father, man.
And he's from the area.
He's a lifelong Strohs fan.
And, I mean, that was a real emotional thing.
And if you saw the clip on Boston Wednesday night, I mean, it was genuine.
It's like, it's why we, you know, cliche, but it's why we watch the sports.
It's why we partake.
And to see him all teared up and, you know, it was, whatever you think of Texas, it was a pretty moving thing.
Did you have Houston gambling? oh man dude like degenerate fucking city my side team my
nationally team for 30 side piece my side piece for 37 years i just showed you a 30 year old
fucking astros hat it's disgusting covered in sweat it's beautiful and yeah you think you know
when i bet them you know when i actually bet them game six you know why and honestly i don't even
so you actually mushed them.
Exactly.
But you know what, though?
I'm not even mad because when are you going to get...
Verlander was lights out for the last three months.
He was plus fucking 120.
I'm like...
I know.
Actually, when I went to sign in, because I took him game six, I was like, I'm not hedging
or anything.
And I was like, they're favored?
I was like, I thought they were going to be like plus 125, Verlander on the hill.
And I still had some balls and took them.
I actually took them one and a half.
So that Jock Peterson home run had me hit that bet.
Oh, nice.
But still, I ended up with the series loss.
But I just couldn't believe that you're telling me right now that you didn't take them.
No.
And then last night, I just, you know, like Zavas was like a fucking huge favorite last night.
He sucks.
He sucks, man. Good for him that he handled being made fun of by that dude making his Asian eyes.
Good for him handling it good because that's what people remember.
Because other than that, that was the most embarrassing two performances I've ever seen a big-time pitcher have.
It was pathetic.
He couldn't get out of the second inning.
He pissed on his leg.
Remember the Sox almost gave up like half their final system ball?
Yes.
Remember they were in the running for that, too.
Yeah, he had a bad world series.
So, yeah.
By the way, the Astros turned down Bregman and Correa for when the Marlins offered them Stanton a couple years ago.
Oh.
So, what a, I mean, they wouldn't be where they were if they didn't have Bregman and Correa.
Speaking of Correa, dude.
Oh, dude.
Usually ballparks.
That move.
I'll tell you what I think.
Tell them what happened.
Usually ballparks.
He wins the World Series.
He's interviewing with Ken Rosenthal.
He's like, oh, and there's one other big moment in my life.
And Rosenthal, if you watch his eyes, he's actually waiting for him to say something.
He doesn't realize he's going into his back pocket.
And there he does the drop to one knee.
And my girl, Daniela Rodriguez, she was like Miss Texas. Small. actually wait for him to say something. He doesn't realize he's going into his back pocket. And there he does the drop to one knee.
And my girl, Daniela Rodriguez, she was like Miss Texas.
And, dude, the best thing is my wife jumped up out of the bed.
Because, you know, I get in from work, and she put the last few minutes of the game on.
I'm like, honey, not every World Series ends like this.
They don't all end in proposals.
But if you watch all the women in the background, like that one lady in the orange shirt,
she's like, oh, my God. She starts crying and shit he breaks gets down on one knee does the proposal it was i mean honestly i'm not a sap for romance i'm i hated it i thought it
was fucking phenomenal man it was such a great fucking tv dude i'm just like yeah it was great
t dude you just won the world series with your boys 162 games like get proposed next week go
rip it up with your all
the other guys are down in the locker room he's up getting engaged like good for him i mean he's
i'm happy for the guy but fucking hey you just won the world series like that's when you're with
your buddies don't bring your girl into it right then like so is now this the night that they got
engaged or is it the night that he won the world series oh Oh, it's both. I mean, it's both.
Yeah, it's movie storybook.
If you're talking, yeah, it's a pretty cool story to look back on.
I got engaged on Christmas.
It's always going to be Christmas in my engagement day.
Winning the World Series is a little different than Christmas, though.
That's what my dad did to it.
No, I know, but I'm just saying it's still the anniversary.
It's a date.
You can't change the date.
Yeah, that's actually true.
I'm just wondering, actually, if he's like, hey, It's a date. You can't change the date. Yeah, that's actually true.
I'm just wondering, like, if he was  actually, if he's like, hey, let's get married, boom,
unreal pictures, he's like, now you're not going to see me for, like, two days.
Then she's the best, and that's cool.
But if she's like, oh, my God, now we've got the pictures in two days, I'd be like,
dude, you're the biggest idiot of all time.
What are you thinking?
Yeah, I don't know.
That's me.
Yeah, I just thought it was a nice moment. Obviously, if they lost lost he wasn't going to do it then and people thought he had the ring in his pocket the whole time but he did have a bad boy you know the team the manager
everyone was clued into it that if he if they the astros won he was going to do it but he had the
ball boy running the clubhouse and grabbed the ring i thought it was a fucking pretty cool moment
anyways put it this way it was a lot better than most of the usual ballpark fucking hey imagine
proposals we see That's for sure
People who don't do those
If you listen
Stop listening
If you get fucking engaged
At a baseball game
But by the way
Imagine if he had a bet
With his
No if he told the girl
Hey if we win the World Series
I'll propose to you right after
Then they won
He's like fuck
God damn it
And everyone's like
What would you have done
If they lost
I'm like I'm sure
If he bought the ring
He probably still wants to marry her
He still loves her.
It's just, you know, he didn't marry her because he wanted, you know.
Exactly.
Good for TV.
Now we go into some hockey.
Well, yeah, we'll segue the gambling segue.
It's Wednesday night, fucking Pittsburgh.
I'm laying the goal on a half.
Speaking of Pittsburgh and Edmonton, two teams we could talk about.
Yeah, two teams going down.
But exciting.
Not on national TV again.
Once again, not on national TV.
Thankfully, our little buddy here has NHL TV that allows us to log in on all of our outlets.
So fucking Chicago.
I'm sorry.
Pittsburgh up, what, 3-2.
Two chances at the empty net.
They got Crosby and Hornquist going on a two-on-one.
Golden.
Somehow gets fucked up.
Guy gets a stick on it.
Eight seconds left. Crosby lays out, blocks the shot,
gets up, center ice. I'm like,
oh, perfect. The best player in hockey from center
ice. It's a slam dunk, and he goes
a fucking, and it's like he goes
like fucking wedge from fucking Star Wars
and misses it two meters to the fucking left.
Cocksucker cost me 22 grand.
I think that... 2200, I'm sorry, 2200.
I think that
Maybe 999,000
99
I don't even know how many numbers out of a million
That he makes that shot
Like when is he ever missing that shot
He could sit there with his eyes closed and make it
It's just because you had him and you moved the Astros too
But
That whole scene though
Of Edmonton right now, they're a disaster.
Wow, dude.
And Oilers Nation, I felt the wrath of them.
That is getting ugly.
And you see, they traded Strom.
They're already talking about trading him.
They traded Eberle, who on his worst year was like 20 goals, 50 points.
And I don't have the stats in front of me.
But that was just like run him out of town
shit year
right
they trade him for Strom
now granted
part of it was salary
to get back some salary
Eberle you know
makes more
and Strom hasn't done anything
and Eberle still
you know
he's not playing with Tavares
but he's producing
for the Islanders
it's like
what are you doing
and now they're saying
oh we might need to trade a D
for a forward
well you just traded
Taylor Hall
for a fucking D,
so why are you going to go back?
It's just, I don't know what's going on.
Ch-ch-ch-chia.
It's fucking Shirelli, man.
Some guys have had some poor starts,
and they need to get Sekiro back, Andre Sekiro,
the D-man who plays big minutes for them.
If I'm an Oilers fan right now, you're like, what's going on here?
How much is Cam Talbot the problem?
He hasn't been good.
He hasn't been great.
He hasn't been great. He hasn't been great. No.
He hasn't.
Not even great. He hasn't been good.
Remember when you showed me preseason, they were like the number two cup odd teams.
And I was like, what is that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was like, no chance.
So granted, they could switch it around.
Yeah, it is really.
But we're getting to that point.
I know Thanksgiving in recent years has sort of become a playoff barometer.
Teams in the playoff position at Thanksgiving.
Yeah.
I think it's anywhere between 10 and 13 of the teams that are in the playoffs.
No, we did a thing actually last night on NHL Network.
I bet you were talking about me.
I do support you, buddy, but I was watching the World Series.
No, no, I wasn't even.
It was that in the last three seasons.
Winner, eh?
In the last three years, let me think.
years uh let me think of of the teams that are in the playoffs at the thank us thanksgiving it's 78 make the make the playoffs so i mean if you're all of a sudden not only not in it at that point
but like behind four other teams you could say what you want that you can go on a run and go 30
and 10 in a 40 game stretch but chances are you're not and so it's just for teams that start off slow
whether it be injuries like you know minnesota and stuff but you have you're not. And so it's just for teams that start off slow, whether it be injuries like, you know,
Minnesota and stuff, but you have you can't buy Thanksgiving like you're saying you have
to be in the race or you have to be right there.
You're fucked.
Yeah.
Like I know I'm repeating myself as I always do in life and on the show.
But, you know, I've said it before.
You can't you can't clinch a playoff spot in the fall, but you can certainly lose one
of the fall.
That's a hard take, but it's true.
It's a hard take, but it's true.
Edmonton is right there, man.
They're dipping so far below that
you're going to have to go on like a
win 8 out of 10 fucking spree at some point.
Another
team that I want to talk about, because
I get a tweet once in a while, or you might get tweets.
You got to throw in some Western Conference talk.
I think we're around the East Coast
a little more. That's a fair assessment.
It's a fair criticism.
And we just ripped on Dodger fans, but L.A. Kings, who have great fans,
that team is legit.
Now, St. Louis is right there, too.
We can talk about them, but L.A. looks unreal.
Kopitar's back.
You kind of wondered what was going on with him.
Dustin Brown's back.
What did he do over the summer?
Honestly, I was thinking, and I'm not going to pretend that I know how Dustin Brown's thinking,
but if you get the captaincy stripped from you, and Kopitar takes over.
Kopitar's an unreal guy.
I've met him in everything I hear.
Guys love him.
So I don't think it's anything.
You don't dislike him, but it's probably a sense of embarrassment.
You were the captain for two cup-winning teams.
And that's what I'm saying.
I don't know.
Maybe he didn't care. But this is a year
or two after and it's like maybe he's more
comfortable with it now and he feels better and
Darryl Sutter's gone and he's probably got a way better
relationship with John Stevens.
And he's caught on fire. And Kopitar's the same
thing. And he's like the Patrice Bergeron
out west. I say that all the time.
But that's why LA looks so good.
Yeah. Again, Dustin Brown and Joe
Thorne. He's another guy who had his captaincy strip.
1,400 points last night.
Yeah, Thornton, right?
That was his 1,400th point.
It's a joke.
Top 20.
Well, East Coast bias, whatever,
but if New Jersey Devils, 18 points right now,
so two games in hand on Tampa,
so theoretically if they were to win those two,
they would be the number one team in the NHL right now.
That's a team that literally I don't think anybody had doing well this year, let alone, you know.
And it gets early.
I know it's only 11, 13 games in.
But right now they're playing some nice hockey.
They're unreal.
And it's all about the rookie impact.
So when you're talking about a team preseason, unless you've got this stud Austin Matthews that you drafted,
or Connor McDavid, you can't really plan for what a rookie is going to be. about a team preseason unless you got this stud austin matthews that you drafted econ mcdavid
you can't really plan for what a rookie's gonna be you know like last year toronto maple leaf fans
didn't know marner was gonna be that good yeah and and so when you're looking at the devils
nobody was planning on will butcher being this good and nobody at all anywhere was planning on
yes for brat so this kid's a rookie he's's 19 years old, played in the Swedish League last year,
had six goals, like didn't do much, you know?
And he comes over here, sixth round pick,
and he's fucking lighting it up.
So like you have these young guys come through,
and that's why teams who have given a lot of salary
to certain players like Chicago and Edmonton,
and Jersey's not an example of that,
but they need players like this
because these are the guys that aren't making anything,
and they're now in the NHL. your first year, you could be a star.
So that's why the Devils, no one's planning on how good those guys have been.
And Hall's back.
Brian Boyle came back, by the way, last night.
Good to hear.
Shout out to him.
Yeah, absolutely.
Walking in like a stud, no socks per usual, the slick-ass suit on.
Break Brian Boyle.
I was happy to see him get back in the mix.
And they won in Vancouver, and I had him.
Did you have him last night? I picked him
to make the playoffs. I think they're going to
because Schneider's nasty. I mean, they're
going to slow down a little. They won't be on this pace. The only
thing that worries me is that that's the toughest division.
We'll cross
the river, the Hudson.
One team, a lot of our
listeners, they've been not sure. I've been asking us
to mention them or ask to discuss them
is the Rangers and what their problems are and why they've struck not sure. I've been asking us to mention them or ask to discuss them as the Rangers
and what their problems are and why they've struck them out of the gate.
And I think the Rangers, man, I think this might be the year that they start to tumble.
I just don't think their roster is very well constructed.
They've got some talent there, but I just don't think it's a great roster.
And I think that we're finally seeing the effects of two things,
the Marty St. Louis and Yandel trades where they gave up all these pots
that should have been on the team now, and now they have nothing to show for it.
In addition to Hank is old.
He's 34, and he's played the moments of a 44-year-old.
I said a couple years ago, like, I knew they would never do it,
and I wasn't even trolling Rangers fans.
They should have looked into trading Hank maybe two years ago
when his value was still sky high to a contender
and got a bounty of picks for him. But now, I I mean I think the future of the Rangers is like kind of sinking
slowly sink to the bottom and have to rebuild again what about you yeah it could it could be
that looking that way I mean I don't think they're as bad as they've been so far I mean they barely
snuck by Vegas Vegas has their is on their fourth goal I it's like, so they barely won that game.
I don't usually say or think, like, it's funny, like, coaching changes can help.
I'm not, like, I don't really think of it right away.
I more think, like, the team's not very good, you know.
But with the Rangers, I think maybe with AV and the voice is kind of, you know,
you run a, it's like a shelf life.
Every coach is on, like on kind of borrowed time,
and maybe it's time for just a new voice in there.
How long has he been there for, Vigneault?
Is it three, four years?
I don't know.
Yeah, I honestly can't fucking keep track.
I don't know, but I heard, you know,
you hear that if they lost that game against Vegas,
he was going to get fired.
Well, that never makes sense to me because they win,
and now they're playing Tampa.
So if they lose the Tampa game tonight, do they get fired?
That always seems like a media type thing. It's kind of goofy. It's just, I don't know. Well, that never makes sense to me because they win and now they're playing Tampa. So if they lose the Tampa game tonight, do they get fined?
That always seems like a media type thing.
It's kind of goofy.
It's just, I don't know.
I wonder, like, I wonder, you know, they got guys who aren't signed to very long-term deals.
Like, McDonough's got another year.
Like, as crazy as they say, maybe they go out and shop McDonough.
Imagine what a team who needs a top 4D would give up right now for McDonough.
Yeah.
Say you go to Toronto and just throw it out there.
Like, hey, McDonough for Marner.
Honestly, you never know.
I mean, this is totally me.
This could never even come close to happening.
But what if they're willing to do that?
At least get some feelers out there because, like you said,
I don't think they really have what it takes to win a cup.
And Lundqvist has looked  he looked real bad at the beginning of last year too,
so maybe he figures it out.
But, you know, at some point,
everyone gets a little older besides Tom Brady.
I think Rick Nash gets dealt.
Yeah, I know.
I'm wondering where he could end up.
It's funny.
He actually always starts off unreal
or he starts off slow.
And then the years he starts off unreal,
he usually gets like 40.
And then the years he's kind of started off like this,
it seems like it can be kind of a struggle. mean he could still skate so well he could still be an
elite player i just wonder where it where it would be i mean maybe a team like phoenix to get up to
the cap floor something like that i don't know if he if he has a no trade he wouldn't accept i don't
know if he does but i don't know if if the ranges are like you know faltering in the playoffs so
looking like i'll tell you who a team, I know, what's his name?
Luongo's been banged up a little bit.
I mean, it seemed like Florida, like, they got a guy like Hank,
and this isn't a rumor.
I'm not, don't fucking, oh, Hank's the Panthers.
I'm just making it up in my head here.
But that could be a huge move because, you know,
Florida's got a lot of fucking good young pots they can give up.
I don't know.
I wonder if they would have, I know, that's crazy.
And it would be a change of scenery.
Like, yeah, I'm just saying in one breath, yeah, Hank's old and he looks tired.
But you go to a new team, man, and a new scene, and that's like, that can be a complete new
life in TV.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I feel like he's a ranger for life.
Yeah, I know.
I know exactly what you're saying, but I just wonder.
I think it would be great drama for the league, though.
Yeah, we would love it.
Absolutely.
We'd have shit to talk about.
Speaking of red, white, and blue, R.A.
Boo. And Grinnelli,
did you see those fucking uniforms?
Dog shit.
Team USA came out with?
Yeah.
What is Nike doing?
As a former USA hockey player, how do you feel about them?
I thought he was going to say himself. I was going to mic smash.
I play satellite.
I play satellite.
If you play match hockey, it made me sick to my stomach.
I hate them. I played satellite. If you play basketball, I made me sick to my stomach. I hate them.
I can't believe.
It's like two.
It's like 90s or something.
There's like the white
underneath the armpit.
There's three different
shades of blue.
Yeah, fuck.
I mean, I was pumped.
I'm actually,
not was,
I am pumped for these Olympics,
but having a look at those jerseys
the whole time.
By the way,
Cannas are even worse.
Cannas are shit too.
It's just funny.
They went with this retro,
I don't know,
is that even retro?
No, it's not.
Retro is old school, right?
It looks like something
that would have been done
in the 90s.
MC Hammer pants.
Just ugly design for the sake,
and I love how like,
oh no,
it's an Eagles wing.
Yeah, that's the ticket.
It's their Eagles.
So then people won't shit on them
because you're saying
they're bald Eagle wings.
They look like street hockey jerseys.
Bald Eagles aren't fucking blue, okay?
They look like the jerseys that USA wore in Mighty Ducks when they played like the Bahamas and stuff.
Remember those?
Like there was different colors of blue in those.
Those are probably better though.
Those are better.
It's just a classic case of overthinking.
And young kids, there's a certain market who's going to buy anything no matter what.
But those shirts are just not good.
There's so many better...
It's a classic, dude. Just go with one of your classics.
It's fucking USA. It's the Olympics.
It's fucking... It's such an
easy brand. No brand. Just
go with something simple.
I mean, who was it?
I think it was Jordy said... Will you watch all those games? Will you get
into that? Or not as much, you think?
I'll do what I can. I mean, if it was the pros, I'd be on a fucking opium addict schedule,
like in an opium den sleeping half the day and watching hockey half the day.
Zombie Alley.
I kind of like the no names, that it's not NHL.
Obviously, NHL guys would be great,
but it's going to be kind of cool to see some guys that you haven't seen.
Maybe Bugsy's playing?
I hope, man.
I wonder.
Was he on the list?
I mean, he's in Iowa.
He's loving life, I guess.
He's like dummying people in the AHL.
Bugsy's coming on this fucking podcast.
I know you're listening, Bugsy.
You're coming on this podcast soon.
We're going to get him on there
and find out what his thoughts are on the AHL.
It's been a long time since he's been down there.
But we are bringing him back up.
Yeah, we didn't even say at the beginning of the episode,
Colby Armstrong is coming back.
So we'll get a call from him in a couple minutes.
Is that him calling in right now?
No?
No, he's calling in four minutes, he said.
Four minutes.
Okay, by the way, before he calls,
Shipachev, he's gone.
The kid in Vegas.
It didn't work out.
They brought him over.
And I wonder, like, you've seen this Dadunov playing with Huberto and Barkov in Florida.
He's filthy.
Played with him in the KHL in St. Petersburg.
He's doing amazing.
Now, granted, he's playing with Barkov, who's so nasty nobody knows about him.
But Shibachev, you know, Vegas didn't want him.
Now they're going to terminate his contract.
He's going to go back to Russia.
It was just surprising to me to see a guy that was just as successful as somebody else
that's ripping up the league right now and not be able to make it.
Would they end up putting him again?
I'm sorry.
No, he went to Chicago.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
And then he was like, I'm done here.
I think he was probably like, I didn't come over here to ride the bus.
I can make the same money I'm making in Russia, and I can play in the Olympics.
But I was just surprised that he couldn't play.
And he's not getting the chance, I guess.
But the kid that he played with last year is ripping it up with Florida.
Yeah, maybe.
Different line mates, obviously.
Who knows?
I mean, he's a little bit older.
He has a resume.
Maybe there was a sense of entitlement, like I'm better than these guys.
And Gallant is a player's goal.
He's not going to just put you out there because of the name on your back
if you're not doing the work he wants you to do.
And guys in Vegas are going so hard.
I mean, they're putting the chip on their shoulder.
Dude, you briefly mentioned it a minute ago, and I meant to follow up.
Dude, they're only a fourth fucking goalie, and it's not even
and it was before Halloween, dude.
They went
They grabbed a kid from junior that they drafted.
That's insane, dude.
They had an emergency recall draft pick from fucking junior.
In warm-ups, he was probably like, holy fuck.
I can't get into this game.
But, no, I know.
Vegas is going to have to battle through that.
They need Fleury back.
Yeah.
Eventually, they're going to probably regress a little just because they're playing such high-caliber hockey right now.
I'd love to see them continue.
But that's something we're going to keep an eye on.
But I do hear the phone ringing, and we're going to be bringing it up. There he comes.
All right.
bringing it up. There he comes.
All right, now we'd like to welcome our recurrent guest,
the crowd favorite, Armdog, a.k.a. Colby Armstrong,
who, if you missed him, he was riding Dracarys
all over the Great White North the other day,
dressed up as Dinora Stanborough.
Welcome to the show, brother.
What's up, boys?
Good to be back, good to be back.
A crazy Halloween I had.
Dude, was that your idea?
Like, I mean, I didn't think that you would ever be down for, like, the girl's makeup, the lipstick.
I mean, you kind of look pretty decent, dude.
A couple of 6.0 beers and who knows what happens.
Hey, a couple of Molson Canadians and, hey, you never know.
I'll tell you what.
I never got...
My Twitter was...
Well, my text messages were blowing up.
Okay, first of all, that wasn't my idea.
It was Kipper's idea.
I don't even watch Game of Thrones.
I don't know anything about it.
I was Googling what I was going to do.
I'm like, oh my God, I'm going to do this.
Okay, let's give it a shot.
I was like... But then I was kind of cautious about it because i'm like i'm kind of i'm kind of new
at doing like the tv thing the last few years and i'm like i don't i don't know how this is gonna
work and everyone's so sensitive now like will people be upset if i'm dressed as a woman like
i don't know what's gonna happen you know you start double thinking your whole life
and then i uh and then i was like yeah screw it i'll go for it it'll be hilarious so you know it was good it turned out good but i said i wanted if i'm gonna
do it i want to like look good like i want to look like really good yeah you want to look
fuckable do you throw some titties on no just my regular dad bod man boobs i had rolling
so it's been it's been a long it's been a long time since we chatted.
I first, I need to hear the back story of,
it was a June afternoon and I sat down on the couch
and NHL Network was showing the Pittsburgh Penguins parade.
And I looked up and saw fucking Colby Armstrong
on one of the floats.
Like, can we explain how you ended up in
the pens parade i know buddy you're like a seeker like yeah i was amazed that i i i was like i'm
sure if i should go in it but just because i do like the regional stuff here with att sports
net last year was roots now it's atT SportsNet, like our regional coverage.
And I do Penguin's Radio Network also, a pre-game show with them.
They asked me if I wanted to go
with some of the media
that cover the team in the float.
So I was like,
oh, I was like,
is this normal?
Like, what's going on?
And like all the guys
that I work with were like,
oh yeah, we've been in them before.
Like, you got to do it.
It's a heck of an experience.
So I was like, okay,
can I bring my kid with me? So I brought my seven-year-old kid cruz
who's watched back-to-back stanley cup championships like how lucky is this kid right
so he's sitting with me in the parade we're second car like come on there's like people
yelling at me people are yelling at me like hey, yeah, spit and chick. Like, yeah.
There's guys with, like, barstool flags.
Like, they think I'm on your guys' show.
Some guy launched me a beer from the crowd.
I'm like, what's going on here?
Oh, my God. It was hilarious.
Cruz was like, dad, let me crush that beer.
I cracked it.
I was like, and then I looked.
I was sitting with Stan Salvin you know stan here in
town yeah i was i looked at him like this normal like am i allowed to drink this beer right now
and i just put it down in the cup holder because i'm like i was just like trying to like fit in
you know i didn't know what to do i did take a couple swigs off it though like i like i don't
know it kind of felt weird like i had nothing to do with the Stanley Cup, but here I am in the parade,
just getting beers chucked to me, people yelling at me,
spitting chiclet!
Yeah!
The Mindsies!
Speaking of the Mindsies, it was great to see you on NBCSN last week.
Yes, sorry.
Was that your debut on that channel?
Did I see you on it before?
Pardon me for not remembering.
No, no. That was my very first
time on there and it was an awesome
experience. It was crazy.
So that was like my
first, I guess, big
national U.S.
championship at NBC.
So what's your call up from the Mindsies then?
Yeah, I saw your tweet already i was like
ah that's a good one no so i saw you on there and that was with keith jones and katherine tappan
right yeah yeah you're right yeah yeah they were awesome are we gonna get to see you again on there
when's the next time you'll be on there for the viewers um i don't know i think maybe in december
sometime i think i got another date but i'm kind of just kind of on call a couple shows here and there.
Maybe we'll see. I wasn't really told you'll be on more.
If that was a tryout, dude, you'd dominate.
Yeah, dude, you should be back soon and often because I noticed they kind of bring in a rotation of guys.
It seems like they ease certain guys in and almost test pile them.
Yeah, dude, they'd be crazy not to have you back.
I thought you crushed it out there, brother.
And in today's social climate, if they think you're transgender,
you'll definitely get the job.
Guys and girls want to fuck them.
Man, you know how
many people were loving me on Twitter, boys?
Dude, it went viral.
It went viral, Army.
It went viral, yeah.
Basically, my timeline on Twitter 20 in a row was just like retweets of colby armstrong dressed as denarius stormborn
i don't know what's her last name uh just the dragon
yeah i don't know hold on dragon queen hold on i gotta go get my encyclopedia
game of thrones family fucking charts.
You know what's funny?
It seemed to be a theme this year.
I noticed a lot of the players in the league opted for the distaff uniforms.
Did you see Eric Carlson dressed up as Princess Leia?
Yes, yes.
And they went with  I mean, why would you cover up your wife's face
if you're Eric Carlson?
She's gorgeous.
I mean, you can't cover her up and make her Darth Vader.
He should have been Darth Vader.
Carlson wanted to show off the bod, I guess.
Yeah, he did.
Seriously.
He wanted to show off the legs.
Honestly, dude, he looked pretty damn good as Princess Leia.
I'm not going to lie to you.
Hey, Witt, you remember when Marc-Andre Fleury dressed up as Catwoman, I think, in Halloween in the Miners?
Yeah, and his body was just rocking.
Yeah, and his body was just rocking. Yeah.
Tony wore this leather black catsuit, and from behind
I'm like, who's this fucking old idiot?
They're like, oh my god, it's Flower, Jesus Christ.
I burned my clothes
like it was fucking Ace Ventura.
Did you see his
uni this year? I think it was
Marc-Andre Fleury.
Him and his wife went as army guys, like the old school army guys with the base and stuff.
I'll tell you, man, a lot of the pro athletes do it up.
But hockey players, man, I think they might do the Halloween stuff the best.
I mean, it helps when you can drop fucking 5Gs on a costume.
That's the national thing.
I'll tell you, for my costume, my costume that I did would have sucked if I didn't have...
I had a real makeup
artist do my makeup.
The people that do that
for the show, you know how you get makeup?
It's professional makeup people
and they did it like
I was looking good.
I was getting hit on like crazy on Twitter.
I didn't even know what was going on.
I was like, are these people crazy?
I thought I looked like my mom kind of, which was weird.
Oh, shit.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, boy.
Poor Rosemary.
Poor Rosemary.
Hey, Wayne Armstrong is going to be like, shut the fuck up, Colby.
I'll fucking punch your head in, kid.
That's my wife you're talking about.
Colby, did you happen to see the footage of Nick Bonino dressed up down in Nashville?
Did you see that clip?
Yeah, I thought that was awesome.
Hilarious.
To let the listeners know, Nick Bonino, was it his wife with him?
It was his wife with him, and P.K. Subban was doing the...
P.K. was up on a bar from the second floor doing the narration.
And Bonino and his wife were dressed up as autograph hounds.
Seekers, we call them.
The creatures.
They come out of the fucking sewers.
So Bonino and his wife are there because the van is dropping off all the
predators for the Halloween party.
And Subban's narrating it.
He's like, all right, here comes Pecorini right now.
And he's going up like all gush, like, oh, get me an autograph.
And not fucking one of them remembered him.
I know.
No, I recognize him.
And then some of the guys weren't signing.
They weren't signing.
Because they were like, how do you know we're here?
We're in fucking costumes right now.
That was so funny.
Yeah, man.
Hockey guys really have gone on out with the Halloween stuff.
Army, quick change subject.
I asked Bugsy Malone,
I said, hey, Army's coming on. Can you remember
anything funny I can ask him about? He goes,
and I have the answer to this
if you don't remember. He said,
ask him what Sid and himself
thought if they did, they
would score a goal. If they did this
pregame, they would score a goal.
No, he can't talk about that.
Well,
Bugsy's crazy, man. he can't. Well, yeah,
Bugsy's crazy, man.
You can't listen to Bugsy.
Don't listen to Bugsy. What's Bugsy doing?
Where is he? He's in the minesies. He's in the minesies.
Army thought taking a big, long
shoot, he'd always score a goal that
night.
45 minutes with the
Washington Post when we're playing the Capitals.
Yeah, that's right.
That's superstition.
They get crazy.
You know it.
Come on.
I know.
I know.
The World Series finished up Wednesday night.
Was it a big deal up in Canada, even though it was a team from Houston,
a team from L.A.?
It seems like to me, just based off of Twitter,
that Canada really gets into the World Series up there.
Is that accurate?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
I think, you know, we only have the Blue Jays, and they're pretty  they're covered, like, huge up in Canada.
Just, you know, it's Canada's team, and everyone follows it.
They've had good teams the last few years.
Maybe not this year, but years prior, it's been pretty exciting.
So I think everyone's kind of got the baseball bug going in the last few years.
But everyone in general, I think, is a pretty big Jays fan in Canada.
Everyone sees some people secretly wishing that the Expos came back.
I hear that.
Everyone's sad that they left still.
It's been years.
But I think everyone's pretty much pretty into the World Series.
That was a good World Series.
I don't know about you guys.
Like I know Witt loves baseball.
And like when I played with Witt, Witt, remember where we were when the Sox made that epic comeback?
Norfolk.
Remember?
Norfolk.
We beat Norfolk.
I scored a goal, ran off the ice.
It was game seven against the Yankees in 2004.
And Jimmy, remember fucking Jimmy, dude?
The mortician?
Jimmy Morlock? The mortician? Jimmy Warlock?
The mortician.
I'm like, Jimmy, what's the score?
He's like five, nothing, Red Sox.
I was like, holy shit.
And then we went to that bar and caught the end
and we went bananas.
I was crazy.
I remember that, but I don't remember
any other baseball games except for playoffs.
I kind of feel like, how come they play so many games?
I know.
You can't really.
I try to watch a lot of Sox games, but you can't watch even half of them.
That's why people say, oh, they don't really.
How hard is that physically?
Dude, 162 games.
I don't care if you're not getting hit.
Running the bases, running the outfield.
Those guys must be so sore.
It's a grind, man.
It's a daily grind.
How do they convince fans to buy tickets to go to that many games?
Dude, I know.
During the season, like during the regular season.
And the Red Sox, I mean, they don't really get a full crowd every game,
but they're close to it.
That's why people say baseball is so unpopular,
but it seems like it's pretty popular to me.
People still pack the game.
There's still young players coming up.
Yeah, I think there's maybe kids playing other sports more.
Kids maybe playing lacrosse a little more.
But, I mean, the ratings are what they are.
The ratings have been through the roof.
Pitchers make the best money in any sport.
You fucking can pitch.
The actual NBA now, but because of the NBA contract.
I know.
I've got to get my kid playing baseball.
I know, dude.
Get Cruz chucking it, Chris.
Imagine if Cruz was like 14 on that float, dude.
By the way, he would have just been that.
Man, it's cool.
Oh, yeah.
I'm talking.
Is there like a Little League or a Little League equivalent in Canada?
Like do kids, is there like some sort of organized baseball in Canada,
or is it just hockey, hockey, hockey?
No, it's just like they throw them to the wolves out there
and teach themselves how to play.
No, I mean like organized Little League.
There's Little League.
They're in the Little League World Series every year.
Yeah, they got teams. There's good Little League, but they call the catchers
backcatcher. I've said that before. That's bullshit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, we do.
Yeah, I think some provinces
are like way
crazier, like I guess some states are
with like hockey and certain sports
like i think like out in bc like i think baseball is huge out there lacrosse is is pretty huge uh i
don't i don't know like saskatchewan i think is like cfl they love cfl football like the rough
riders they love the rough riders oh my God. It's so torturous.
I played with Sheldon Brookbank, dude, and he fucking loved the Rough Riders.
They love it there.
Oh, Brookie.
There was two teams named the Rough Riders in the CFL at one point.
That's how much of a joke the league was.
Two teams, the same name.
There's fucking eight teams.
Yeah, there's no excuse for that.
There's a lot of words out there. You can pick another word. There's a fucking eight teams. Yeah, there's no excuse for that. I mean, there's a lot of words out there.
You can pick another word.
There's a lot of animals.
Yeah, absolutely.
Hey, boys, let me ask you.
Let me ask you.
How are the Bruins doing?
What are you guys feeling about your Bruins?
I'm glad you brought up because we always get accused of East Coast bias on the show.
I think they're going to be fine.
I think they're struggling a bit. They're going to miss Bacchus for a time.
He has to get surgery on his colon to die of a ticulitis.
Getting Bergeron back was huge.
They were kind of adrift without him.
I think the key is they just got to get Tukorask to the level he needs to be at.
I mean, he's kind of having a slow start.
He just doesn't look completely locked in out there.
He's kind of a little lackadaisical, I think, sometimes in between the tapes.
But it's essentially
the same team they had last year. They
replaced some guys with some younger kids.
I like that. I mean, I was going to
say, I don't know about
this year, but I like Bjork.
He looks great. McAvoy's going to be
army. This McAvoy's going to be
dowdy. He's nasty.
Yeah, I know. I remember you talking about him at
World Cup. You're like, oh my god, wait, do you see this McAvoy? Yeahdy yeah he's nasty yeah i know and i remember you talking about him at world cup you're like oh my god wait do you see this macka boy yeah because he's and he's a man already he's 19 but
yeah he doesn't not only get out muscled he's out muscling guys so he's i mean he's nasty i just
it's they don't really like they don't really have a lot of depth and then tuka like i'm the
biggest tuk fan but he hasn't but he's letting, like, one goal per game that's just kind of a bad goal,
and it, like, lets the sails up a little bit.
But, I mean, they'll battle for the playoffs.
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I think it could be real good.
Let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this, boys.
What did you think of Josh Anderson tangling with Big Chara?
I thought he was a fucking lunatic, dude.
Like, that's actually, like.
I know.
I know.
Like, that's what he. I was like, oh, my God. Here we go. Oh, dude. I know, I know.
I was like, oh my God, here we go.
Oh no, oh my God, he's fighting Charles.
All I think about every time is Brian McCabe,
and I'm like, oh my God, he's going to fucking wreck all this guy like Brian McCabe.
And you don't even want to say,
you want to be like, hey, good job, Andy,
fucking attaboy, Joshua, way to show balls, but you should be like, dude, you're an idiot, don't even want to say, like, you want to be like, hey, good job, Andy. Fucking attaboy, Joshua. Like, way to show balls.
But you should be like, dude, you're an idiot.
Don't do that again.
No, he kind of ragdolled Chara, though, a little bit.
I know.
He looked like a complete lunatic.
People won't want to fuck with him now.
Yeah, he hung in there with him.
But from the Chara perspective, that was a great time to pick a fight.
He went picking.
Anderson took the bait.
The Bruins were down, what, 3-0, I think, at the time. That
sparked the Bruins. They come back against Columbus.
Ended up getting a point on the road when
it didn't look like they were going to. So that's an example
when we talk about fights in the show.
On stage, it was one, okay, man, I've got to
wake the boys up.
I think he had to stick up for himself, too,
because Boone Jenner and him and a couple
other guys were just running Jara.
The boys were just going after him.
And then I see Anderson square off with him.
You're like, oh, boy.
Oh, shit.
Get the paramedics ready.
Yeah, he finally got those Dr. David Banner eyes.
Don't you?
I love Anderson.
Anderson's like old school.
He's like a good player, but he's ready to go.
He's big old school. He's like a good player, but he's ready to go. He's big old school. I would be shocked to find out if
he wasn't a guy who loved having some beers
after the game and having a good time with the boys
because he seems like an old school beauty.
So does Ryan Johansson. I don't know
him. I'd want to hang out with him too.
Yeah, yeah, the boys, yeah.
I miss hanging out with the boys.
I want to ask you about
a team. What's wrong with the Edmonton Oilers?
We were talking about it before we brought you on, but I want your opinion.
What's their big issue, and why are they slumping so bad?
Where do you start?
I don't know.
They don't have any depth scoring, really, at all.
None of their D are really chipping in either.
They don't have a guy that's, if it's not McDavid or Dreisaitl,
I think expectations
are getting to them, and then they can't score.
They're dead last. Of all
the teams, Arizona, one win,
everything, think of all the bad stuff.
And Edmonton
has scored the least amount of goals. I think they have 24
goals scored this year
so far, which is... That's pathetic.
I don't know. I don't know what's going. Like, I don't know. Like, I don't know what's going on there.
So, I don't know.
I think a team just, like, they're, like, searching right now.
They're searching.
Dude, and remember...
And, like, Talbot's been, like, okay.
Like, he's been all right, I think.
Like, not great.
And I think it just has to do with managing expectations.
Like, wait, you played there.
Like, they're touted to go to the finals this year. Like, like every like it's it's a good place to play when things are going
good but it's got to be tough right now for them when it's not going great oh it's the war it's
it was the i mean i never got to experience it when it's good which when it must when it's good
it must be the best but when it's bad dude they just i was talking about they ran eberly out of
town dude they literally he was he was good for 20 goals, 50 points every year,
and he was a fucking complete bum in everyone's eyes.
It's like, Oilers Nation goes bananas.
They don't really, when you said they were favored to go to the cup finals,
they were like second favorite team, I think, to win it all,
which I guess is the same thing.
But right away, we were saying earlier, I was like,
there's no chance that they're that good.
I don't know.
I know. I was thinking the same thing, too that they're that good. I don't know.
I know.
I was thinking the same thing, too.
Everyone just got all starry-eyed with them.
Because McDavid's so filthy.
What's Eberle got?
Nine points, two goals.
Let's see, what's Taylor Hall doing in New Jersey?
Halsey's ripping it up.
Halsey's ripping it up.
And now they need scoring.
It's like, hello.
Yeah, and Bruins fans are kind of nodding along.
I mean, we got a cup from Shirelli when he was here.
But he also was a disaster in a lot of regards.
And I think Edmonton fans are going to start feeling the same way about him.
He's made a couple of yuck trades.
I mean, obviously, he had to pay McDavid.
He had to pay Dreisaitl.
But did you have to pay them that much for that long?
I mean, maybe, yeah.
But it's just like you just said, the depth score, they don't have any
because when you spend the 20-something million on two guys,
it really affects your body.
Hey, Army, I just got a  Bugsy just texted me again.
I totally forgot about this.
Do you remember when I dressed up as him at Halloween?
Yeah.
I totally forgot about that.
Yeah, you had tattoos all over and curly hair and your shirt on top of your belly button.
Dude, I had all the fake tats on the chest.
I had the blonde wig that he had, and then I just carried around a bottle of Jager the whole time.
I forgot about the bottle of Jager.
So did I.
Hey, guys, want to do some shots?
No, dude. We got a game in a couple days. Fuck it, boys. Want to do some shots? No, dude.
We got a game in a couple days.
Fuck it, boys.
This is old school.
This is how I learned to grow up and play.
Oh, man.
We got some good Bugsy stories.
He's the best guy ever.
What a player.
What a guy.
We're trying to get him on.
All right.
Well, Army, dude, we thank you so much for coming on as always.
We'd love to have you in person.
Maybe you can make a trip to Boston, bring the fam or something,
and get on a casting coach.
Yeah, maybe you guys could pay for my flight, eh?
Yeah, you're going to.
Just take the Dragon, dude.
Yeah, you might want to try a Venmo because we'll have to pay our own freight, too.
I'll fly a Dragon in.
Don't worry, I'm good.
I got Dragon, boys.
Dracarys!
Hey, boys, if I'm heading out, if we're done, I just want. I got Dragon. Dracarys! Hey boys,
if I'm heading out, if we're done,
I just want to let all your viewers know,
make sure everyone listening,
check the game notes.
Hey, I ran
into Alexander Dagg
at the airport out of nowhere
after I was done NBC. I was walking, I looked over,
I seen this guy. I gave him a quiet,
I was like, Daggy? His head started going on a sw I gave him a quiet, like, I was like, Daggy?
And his head started going on a swivel, like, looking around all crazy.
And I'm like, Daggle?
And he looked over, and he's like, hey, Arby!
I was like, holy smokes, it's Alexander Dagg.
What a beauty.
Hey, didn't he used to, like, have limos waiting for him after the Wilkes-Barre games to take him to AC and shit?
I don't remember.
I remember one time I think he took off.
The game went a little long, and he had a flight to catch.
He was like, I'm out of here.
Got to catch the flight.
Off to Vegas.
Alexander Daigle.
What a legend.
Yeah, what a legend.
All right, buddy.
You're the man.
Good to see him.
I'm Doug.
Thanks for having me on.
Thanks as always, pal.
We'll see you on NBCSN hopefully sooner rather than later, buddy.
And Sportsnet for Canadian viewers. See you, Army. And that interview with on NBCSN hopefully sooner rather than later, buddy. And Sports Network radio viewers.
See you, Army.
In that interview with our boy, Colby Armstrong, was brought to you by MyBookie.
Holiday cash.
You need it, and I know where to get it.
MyBookie is the place to score serious cash on your sports predictions like Doc Brown and Back to the Future.
Ask a millennial.
Believe it or not, the holidays are just around the corner.
And while that means plenty of parties, gifts, boozing, and spending, it also means there's plenty of football, basketball,
and hockey games you can score big on every day. Man up and play like the pros on game day. You
can play the money line, side, total. MyBookie is your hookup for all your betting needs and
offers super fast payouts when you win. Where you bet is just as important as who you're betting on,
and if you want to make money betting the games, you've got to go to mybookie.ag.
They're the only site I'd recommend.
I trust them, but you don't have to take my word for it.
Check them out yourself.
They have odds on every matchup and a mobile site that makes wagering on your smartphone a breeze.
Join now, and mybookie will match your deposit with up to a 50 bonus.
Use the promo code SPIT, S-P-I-T,t to activate the offer visit my bookie.ag today you play you
win you get paid and thank you so much to our buddy colby armstrong for coming on i can't believe
that um not only one he got to ride in the stanley cup parade after not winning the cup but also that
he was the the dragon queen so that was pretty nice of him to come on.
I wonder how many times that he actually
is going to get chirped about that
for the rest of his life. Not chirped, but people will be
telling him for the next 10 years that they
were laughing when they saw him dressed up as that
Halloween costume. Oh, absolutely, man.
It's funny.
I always kind of wanted
to dress up like Tootsie or something for Halloween.
I think it's funny because you can just kind of like... It's fun to do something to dress up like Tootsie or something for Halloween. I think it's funny because you can just kind of like
it's fun to do something to dress up like something you don't normally.
That's why when we see like Carlson dressed as Princess Leia,
you know, like shit like that works.
Yeah.
Actually, I think we're about to start All Right Hamiltons, correct?
All right.
Perfect.
I think we actually have a Halloween question if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah.
Our good buddy Derek asks, best Halloween party story, hockey related or not?
All right, Hamilton.
Want to go first?
No, I can tell you have one.
Not hockey related.
Dude.
You think?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, yeah.
Back when I was in the eye.
Dude, I'm college, dude.
College and Halloween parties were fucking always the best, man.
Just, you know, you just make do with your costumes.
And one thing about costumes, man, I don't want to do a bad costume.
I hate when people, like, put a paper bag over their head and, like, oh, I'm a ghost or something.
It's like, put a little effort into it.
One year, the year Braveheart was out around that time, me and my buddies, we went to school in, like school In like northwest Massachusetts Up in north We drove down to
Pittsfield
Like a 45 minute
Drive to a fabric store
And we bought tons
Of fabric
Like different colors
Different shades
Bought a bunch of wigs
And fucking
We all went to
One of our houses
You guys are all into it
We made tunics
And kilts
And we went as
Fucking brave hot warriors
We all painted our faces
Pretty good costume
Blue
You had the blue Mel you had the blue.
Mel Gibson had the blue on your face.
Yeah, we only had a little bit of blue makeup,
so only a couple guys got to put the blue on.
And I got, you know when you go to Fenway,
you got those little mini baseball bats?
You know, the little fucking two-footers?
Yeah, they don't sell those things anymore, right?
Shock, how pussy fucking society we live in.
Those things were sick.
You could dummy someone with those, though.
I got one of those, and I got duct tape And a softball
And I made a mace out of it
So like
We were like
We invaded a party
Like we stood outside a party
And we're like
Hold
Hold
Everyone's like
Inside the party
What the fuck's going on
We like rushed the party
We didn't beat people up
We went in and partied
And I was like
Swinging the mace over my head
But the best part is
There were like
Three of us
Who went as
True Scotsmen Oh Fucking Commando huh Bollocky We'll put it of my head on but the best part is there were like three of us who went as true scotsman oh
fucking commando huh bollocky we'll put it nowadays it'd probably be a fucking sexual
offense but let's just say done let's just say when i was sitting in the bar then i wasn't exact
i was more like sharon stone from fucking basic instinct crossing my legs dude imagine this
crushing a keg beer and just seeing your cock and balls hanging. Oh, my God.
Dude, it was hilarious, though.
Walking around fucking shithouse with fucking, like, it's like, wow, dude, this is what it's like walking around with, like, a skirt and no panties on.
I feel so free.
Yeah, it was.
It was liberating.
But at the same time, it's like, you know, I want to cover up my cock and balls.
Yeah.
And one other year, dude, I shaved my head, and I left one little thing at the top, and
I brought one of my chick friends' peach-colored bed sheets and wrapped it around me, and I
went as a Hare Krishna.
What's that?
Hare.
You know.
Oh, God.
Ask a millennial.
Remember Hare Krishna?
Obviously.
No.
There's some sort of religious sect that used to be like in airports and stuff, and they
wear like, I'll pull one up, and you're like, oh, I know what you mean.
Like a monk?
Almost like a monk, but they have their head shaved bald with one little ponytail sticking out.
Google it.
Google it for me.
I shaved my head with a ponytail, but the thing is I hated wearing the same costume twice in a row, three times in a row.
So you were into Halloween.
I was the opposite.
So the next night I took the Bic, took the whole thing off.
One of my buddies, he dressed like a 1980s detective.
I just raided his wardrobe.
I bought a bunch of lollipops and I went as Kojak.
I don't know who Kojak is either.
You motherfuckers!
You assholes!
You don't know who is Kojak?
Kojak was a fucking
1970s detective show star
and Telly Saval
is a bald guy
always sucking on a lollipop
who loves you, baby.
Ask a fucking millennial.
Oh my God,
you don't know who Todd
fucking Kojak is.
Can we do a percentage
of Twitter listeners
who know who that is?
I want to find out this episode.
Do a poll.
We'll do a poll.
Kojak is fucking Kojak.
He's probably the most iconic bald man in fucking pop culture history.
I'll wait to see.
I want to know what our listeners.
I'm actually curious.
I'm really curious.
Your Halloween story.
Halloween story.
Oh, actually, I got called up.
When I got called up to the NHL, it was the morning after the Halloween party, and we
got after it.
And when I woke up, I had like 35 missed calls, and they were all from the GM.
I got called up.
I was like, oh, shit.
But so still, it was a sick memory, but it was probably like a little unprofessional,
I guess.
I didn't have an unringer.
You showed up for practice with like Paul Stanley's kiss makeup on your face.
There was obviously a day off for us, so I was like, I guess I could have it on ring.
I wanted to sleep. So I got a good
one too here. So when
I was in college, one of my buddies
was, well, we were dressed as
Santa and his elves, and we looked like
assholes. We were walking down the street
and there was a kid dressed
as a boxer, and he called
my buddy over, just out of the blue,
and he just knocked him out knocked him
out not just like out of nowhere was he santa or an elf he was an elf oh he was an elf my buddy
runs over thinking he has class with him or something and he just one hit or quitter just
out cold and the boys had to come in oh yeah yeah and the best part was my buddy, who wasn't involved in this at all, he's about 6'6", comes running
out of nowhere, and Superman punched the kid and knocked him out.
Dude, there's nothing funnier than fights in Halloween costumes.
It's like fucking Big Bird and Sir Lancelot are going out in the middle of the fucking
street.
Imagine walking down the street and seeing a bunch of elves fighting with a boxer.
Weird little tutus and stuff, too.
It was ridiculous. That is hilarious. Honestly, I haven't dressed up in fucking years. bunch of elves fighting like with a box tutus and stuff too is ridiculous that
is hilarious I honestly I haven't
dressed up in fucking years you just get
like well I'm the old guy the crew you
just don't go to parties your friends
don't stop having parties but I'll
invite you to a party honestly though I
kill last time I dressed up I fucking
if I don't know who the person is I'm
gonna lose my mind Travis Bickle. No.
Taxi driver.
Robert De Niro.
Okay.
I know who that is. Again, shave my head.
Legit shave my head.
This one I still had here.
Shave my head into a mohawk.
Got my father's old army jacket.
Designed that penny war, dude.
Found the same glasses, dude.
I can see that.
I'll tell you though, dude, if you're going to be a Robert De Niro character, you can
put all the gear and clothes on.
There's one thing. The mole. Bingo. I was like, okay, it looks like it. I looked at the gear and clothes on. There's one thing.
The mole.
Bingo.
I was like,
okay, it looks like it.
I looked at the picture.
I grabbed my wife's mascara.
Once you put the mole on,
it's like,
fuck it,
you turn into De Niro, dude.
It was almost like
I felt like an actor.
I was going to go on set.
Once I put that mole on,
it was like,
I went into character.
There's nothing better
than a good De Niro impression, too.
You're going to meet the parents.
You're going to throw it.
Meet the parents is probably
my favorite De Niro movie.
Get the fuck,
get out of my house right now.
Get out of my house right now.
You don't like that movie?
I do, but it's not
fucking De Niro's best movie.
You fucking lunatic.
What if I think it is,
you psycho fuck?
Dude, honestly,
that's your favorite
Robert De Niro movie, really?
I don't know.
I mean, what's he,
he's great in Godfather.
He's unbelievable.
Godfather 2.
He's awesome in that, but he's young.
I just think Meet the Parents is one of the funniest movies of all time.
Raging Bull, Casino.
Raging Bull, never seen it.
Casino's good.
Actually, you know what?
Well, Goodfellas, obviously.
Dude, you know what?
The movie, Ask a Millennial.
Midnight Run.
Heard of it, never seen it.
Heard of it, never seen it.
It was De Niro's first real foray into comedy.
Him and Charles Grodden had unreal chemistry seriously it's if you like to laugh at dinero watch midnight
run buy it because you'll fucking watch it nine million times it's one of the i i've never watched
movies more than once but i would actually watch this movie because i've heard of it many other
times besides you right now it's an action comedy like you know road trip oh yeah it's in color yeah
but dude i'm telling you dinero andin, they have this unreal chemistry.
Fucking Dennis Farina's in it.
You don't know who he is.
Not me saying his name wrong.
I recognize him.
You definitely recognize him.
Unreal cast to it.
It's a fucking fantastic movie.
Anyone listening, Midnight Run, that's your assignment this week.
Go see it.
What's up, Grinnelly?
All right, Chris DeMonkey wants to know, I've wanted to ask this for a while. Alright,
Hamilton, what is
your favorite Stanley Cup series I want
to hear on Friday? Alright, Hamilton!
I struggled to read that one. Yeah, holy
shit. I feel like Hank. I know
it wasn't yours, Witts. Sorry.
Oh, yeah, definitely. The one I lost
is definitely not my favorite. Sorry.
My favorite, honestly,
my favorite one is probably the Rangers to Canucks
because I don't know.
I remember that was like the first playoff run where I was so into hockey.
Like I was, so I would be 11.
Yeah, I just remember every single game, that whole like playoffs.
It was when Gary Thorne was, is it Gary Thorne?
Yeah, Gary Thorne, Bill Clement.
He was unreal. Pavel Bure. Yeah, Bure was doing hockey. He was unreal.
Pavel Bure.
Yeah, Bure was on Vancouver.
R.A. had a prompt.
And I remember, what's it called?
Messier, like game seven, the guarantee in the East Conference final.
So that's probably my most memorable cup final is that Rangers-Canucks series.
And I remember the slash Messier threw at fucking Bure.
Bure threw at Messier when the final faceoff
went off and they won the draw to win the cup
and Burry just went to two-hand him.
That was an unreal series. It was. That was one of my
short lists. The obvious answer for me
and it's because the Bruins in 2011.
That's the obvious answer so I'm going to give you one.
You were there too. I was there. It was
great too because the Bruins lost the
first two but they saw how scumbaggy
the Canucks were and literally before that series I would say maybe Boston was rooting for the Bruins lost the first two, but they saw how scumbaggy the Canucks were. And literally, like, before
that series, I would say maybe
Boston was rooting for the Bruins and maybe mostly
for Vancouver. After those first couple games
with Burrows-Bighton and Lapierre, whatever,
that was it. That was like the whole
fucking continent was rooting for the Bruins
and only Vancouver was rooting for Vancouver. But
that's my fan answer from a
non-fan perspective. I'll give you
two of my favorite Cups
In the last 20 years
Right before the lockout
Strike whatever
And then right before
Right after
2004 Calgary-Tampa Bay
Calgary was up
An eight
A late eight seed
In the playoffs
Fucking Kip Rosoff
Got hot as hell
They went all the way
To the final
That was another one
Martin Jelena scored
The game winner
In every series
Until the cup final
And he almost had it in game six
I think it was a goal right
Don't they still say it was a goal
Yeah
There was nothing
They didn't have the same replay then
But I don't think it was
And it went from looking like
They were going to win the cup in game six
To Marty St. Louis
Getting the game winner
Sending it back to Tampa
To game seven
Which ironically I was at that game
So that's one of my favorites
And here might be One of my favorite cups of of all time, strictly because of the randomness
of it was 2006, Carolina versus Edmonton, where literally nobody on the planet thought
that was going to happen.
And Edmonton was on their third or fourth goalie.
I think.
Or maybe not.
What's that?
Was Edmonton eight seed that year?
I think they were.
I think they were.
And I think Carolina was a six seed.
We haven't seen a series quite like that.
We've got a lot of higher end seeds.
But just the fact that they were two, I'll say, scrub teams because no one gave them a chance,
played in the final, made it a seven-game series.
It was just fantastic drama hockey.
And I just liked it because it was a fucking Raleigh-North Carolina versus Edmonton.
And everyone was crying about, oh, the ratings and who cares.
I'm like, it's fantastic hockey.
So, yeah, a little obscure, but those
are the two I'll go with other than...
And Pronger scored in a shootout in game one. I mean,
a penalty shot in game one. Remember that in
Carolina? Yeah. That was sick.
Yeah, dude. So what about you, Grinnells? Gotta go 2011.
I was gonna say 2013. 2011 was awesome.
2013, I was gonna say,
even though the Bruins lost. That was when
2011, I went to
a game... I went to a game.
I went to the game Horton got knocked out, game three, right?
Yeah.
And I was with my dad, a couple buddies,
and one of my buddies, like the last seat in our four-seat package,
was my buddy, and he's sitting right next to the prime minister at the time,
Harper.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And literally, like, we have pictures, and this guy's the prime minister of
Canada. He's not even in a box. He's in, like, the. And literally, we have pictures. And this guy's the Prime Minister of Canada.
He's not even in a box.
He's in the middle of the loge.
And my buddy Oki's like, what's up, dude?
Yeah, I do it.
I also have relations with North Korea.
I remember that.
That was fucking hilarious.
It was unbelievable.
He didn't even have a fucking bodyguard next to him or anything.
It was like, hey, what's up, man?
Who are you rooting for?
I'm the Prime Minister of Canada.
That was a pretty funny memory of that series.
Yeah, I've been lucky.
I've been in the building four times to see the Cup presented.
It's a fucking special time.
Anytime you can be there for it.
It's a cool thing.
Would have loved to have seen it in Nashville.
I wouldn't know.
All right, so Coops asks, during a game seven,
do NHL players ever feel the same amount of nervousness as a fan watching the game,
or are the guys just dialed in?
All right, Hamilton.
No, not even close.
You're like, I literally think it's two opposite ends of the spectrum.
As a fan, like when I'm watching the Pats, like, you know, last year in the Super Bowl,
the players are just completely zoned in.
I mean, yeah, you might realize the moment and stuff.
You know, if you get
a power play in game seven tied game third period with two minutes to go you understand like holy
fuck we're scoring to win the stanley cup but you get the puck and you're confident and you're you're
you're just in the in the action and the flow of the game so the fit and then from the fan side
it's you can't even it's like it's almost like not enjoyable at times, I seriously would say like the Patriots sometimes, you're like,
oh, my God, I'm so stressed out right now.
Is this even fun?
So when you  so not a low blow here or anything,
but when you were on the bench for USA, how did you watch that?
Were you freaking out because
I was pretty  yeah, because I knew I wasn't going to play.
Yeah, I was pretty nervous actually then.
More just like  but not visibly.
So you're like, you know, you're not going to be like that sitting next to everyone.
I think I was sitting next to Tim Thomas actually.
But I just remember being on the bench like kind of like almost at the end.
And you're like almost kneeling up at that point.
You know, a lot of times guys are just sitting down.
But it was just, that was different because you know you're not getting out there.
But the guys who were playing,
they're just hopping on and off.
Who's up next?
Who's up next?
And then at the end,
all of a sudden,
you realize what actually happened.
I played an intramural final.
It was game three
of a two out of three.
It was the final game.
It might have been,
yeah,
it was funny.
For a 30 pack
and a bag of weed.
You were a tendie though,
weren't you?
No, no, no.
I was a tendie
for street hockey. But this was, I told you, my ice? No, no, no. I was a tendie for street hockey
but this was,
I told you,
my ice hockey team,
we used to audition
a roommate every week
for a laugh
and I did it one week
and I had so much fun.
I was so pissed
that I didn't take
skating lessons as a kid
because that's all I needed
was maybe a couple lessons
and I would have played.
I would have sucked
but I would have loved
to have played.
You would have played hockey.
I would have played hockey, right.
I would have played ice hockey.
In force.
So anyways,
I became the third,
this scrub forward but I played with fucking, I think I told So anyways, I became like the third, this like scrub forward.
But I played with fucking, I think I told the story.
I played with fucking Moose, who had a ring from Bosco, and Maki, who had a ring from CM.
These guys were like top goal scorers in the state back when we were in high school.
So I was fucking on the line with them.
I got set up more than fucking Ellen DeGeneres in high school.
And you still couldn't bury it.
No, I would.
I buried a couple goals here and there.
But I'll never forget.
It was the final fucking, we were losing. Moose. Like 3 a couple goals here and there. But I'll never forget. It was the final fucking we were losing.
Moose.
Like 3-0 or 2-0.
And I scored on a fucking rebound, like garbage goal.
And I'll never forget.
Moose stood up.
He's like, let's fucking go.
And I could see it in his face.
He's like, it was like, wow, if fucking Magoo's scoring goals here, then the rest of the team needs to step up.
We ended up losing.
But it was like, obviously nothing like fucking NHL playoffs.
Hey, you never forget, though.
But it was like, yeah, you never forget goals.
Moose setting you up, dude. Yeah. It was like, fucking wow. I canL playoffs. Hey, you never forget, though. But it was like, yeah, you never forget goals. Moose setting you up, dude.
Yeah, it was like, fucking wow, I can't believe I scored a goal in a final.
And seeing the reaction of my team, I was like, wow, they were like mad.
They were like mad that it was me scoring the fucking goal
because it meant we were getting outplayed.
But yeah, honestly, I don't have a ton of regrets in life,
but one is that I didn't.
You never skated.
No, I did skate.
I sucked.
I was terrible. They put me out there, me and my brother. My brother was one is that I didn't. You never skated. No, I did skate. I sucked. I was terrible.
They put me out there, me and my brother.
My brother was a wizard.
I couldn't.
But I just never went back to it.
I wish someone told me when I was six or seven, when I took ice skating as a gym for one credit
up college.
First thing, it was the hockey coach thought.
He goes, head up, chest up, knees bent.
I'm like, if some motherfucker told me that when I was six, I would have had a pretty
decent media fucking bantham career,
mediocre bantham career, but it wasn't meant to be.
C'est la vie.
And this week's All Right Hamilton was brought to you by us,
Spittin' Chicklets, the hockey podcast at Barstool Sports.
Let people know you're gassin' bears and chuckin' nocks
and supportin' our show with our official gear.
Go to barstoolsports.com slash chicklets to find our lovely shirts in various colors to
support your team.
We have more teams on the way.
We got not a big deal shirts in process, we hope.
So once again, BostonSports.com slash chicklets.
Support the pod.
Support the squad.
Eggies.
What else we got going on, gentlemen?
I love hearing that shit.
Nothing really.
I was at NHL Network checking out some of that.
That was fun for three days.
So I'll be back November 10th to 17th.
It's also about to be a dad.
Yep, month away.
It's coming.
Month away.
Wow, it's coming soon.
Well, it could be.
I mean, yeah, it could be way closer than a month.
I just want to pod my...
I know when I'm laughing, I sound like a fucking
90-year-old bingo grandmother on her
17th Tarrington of the night right now, but I'm
coming with a little chest cold.
Oh my God, I do. I sound like a fucking heavy smoker.
Dude,
quick shout out to a show on Netflix.
It's called Big Mouth.
It's a cartoon. You know Nick Kroll?
He's a comedian. He's done a lot of comedy sketches.
He used to date Amy Poehler. If you've seen him, you'd know who he is. He's a comedian. He's done a lot of comedy sketches. He used to date Amy Poehler.
If you've seen him, you'd know who he is.
He's a fucking funny character, does a lot of stuff on Comedy Central.
He just came out with a show on Netflix.
It's called Big Mouth.
It's a cartoon.
Really?
And it's him and a lot of his comedy friends.
They do all the voices, and it's about kids in puberty.
But it's fucking hilarious, dude.
It's raunchy as hell.
Oh, my hilarious, dude. It's raunchy as hell. Are there swears? Oh, my God, dude. It's like,
and like the main character
has like,
he has,
it's called the hormone monster.
He comes out
and like no one's around.
And you know when you're
a 14-year-old chronic masturbator
like all those crazy things.
Well, that's what this,
that's what the hormone monster is.
He's like,
you're like Id
when you're like a teenage boy
that tells you to do all this
like sick shit.
I don't need to see it
because I still am
going through puberty.
I don't need to see it.
He hasn't hit it yet. I can't grow a beard. Have you seen Mindhunter? I haven't yet. You know I don't need to see it because I still am going through puberty. I don't need to see it. Conelli hasn't hit it yet.
I can't grow a beard.
Have you seen Mindhunter?
I haven't yet.
You know what?
I want to watch it.
I've heard about it.
I love David Fincher.
I think he's one of the
great directors working today.
I'm not big on the
serial killer stuff.
Yeah, I kind of like that shit,
I think.
What are some other ones?
I've got to be in the real
fucking right mood for it.
You know what I mean?
I've got to be in a certain
mentality because it's such dark fucking shit that's depressing a lot of times. What are some other ones? I've got to be in the real fucking right mood for it. You know what I mean? I've got to be in a certain mentality.
When it snows.
It's such dark fucking shit that's depressing a lot of times.
But everyone's raved about it. I'm going to watch it at some point.
What was the show on HBO?
I love that one.
That wasn't about a serial killer.
It was the huge hit, and then the second season sucked.
Oh, True Detective.
True Detective.
That was awesome.
That was HBO, right?
Oh, yeah.
Duh.
Stranger Things. I haven't watched one yet. I was HBO, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Duh. Stranger Things.
I haven't watched one yet.
I haven't watched one.
What about you, Grinos?
No, I haven't, but I was going to say it's getting a lot of hype.
I'm waiting to start one, and then I'll have one and two.
Yeah.
The first season, phenomenal.
It was one of those things I watched and immediately went to the keyboard and had to write fucking
2,000 words on it because it was unbelievable.
Season two was Stranger Things 2, whatever you want to call it.
It was good. It was enjoyable. I liked it because it was unbelievable. Season two was Stranger Things 2, whatever you want to call it. It was good.
It was enjoyable.
I liked it.
I was entertained.
It didn't come to me
close to the level
that the first one
did because the
first one was so
unique.
You didn't know
what you were
getting into.
Definitely watch it.
Enjoy it.
I just don't think
it was on the same
level as the first
one, but it's
definitely worth
watching.
I'm going to
definitely check it
out and just end up
binging it. Yeah, Strange Things, the first one, it it's definitely worth watching. I'm going to definitely check it out and just end up binging it. Yeah, Strange Things
is the first one. It's really
excellent. But somebody tweeted something that
someone died
and I remember the name now
so I'm going to, when I start the
season, I'll know right when I
see that person's character that they died.
So that kind of sucks. But whatever.
I don't even know who it is, but it
should really affect your viewing. So yeah, Stranger Things 2, definitely check it out. Like I't think that... But whatever. I don't think it's anything... I don't even know who it is, but it should really affect your viewing.
So yeah, Stranger Things 2,
definitely check it out.
Like I said, it is very good.
I just thought it was a notch below the first one
because it's tough to catch lightning in a bottle twice.
Big Mouth's the other one.
Watch that, dude.
Seriously, watch the first...
The half-hour episode,
so you can piss through the...
I think it's a 10...
Family guy-ish.
Yeah, but it's fucking hilarious, dude.
I mean, if you went through puberty,
you can laugh at a lot of this shit. So something else? All right. I think that about does it, boys. Yeah, dude it's fucking hilarious, dude. I mean, if you went through puberty, you can laugh at a lot of this shit.
So something else?
All right.
I think that about does it, boys.
Yeah, dude.
I got to hit the road, but thanks for Army again.
He's fucking hilarious.
I want to go to the prairies just to hang out with people.
I want him to come here and have some beers with us.
He's an absolute blast to hang out with.
We should plan like in the spring.
We get him, Motts, and somebody in the third all in here, group podcast.
Next fucking spring or something.
Five hour one.
Maybe we'll have a ripper.
I'll send the wife down the street for the night or something.
All right.
All right, boys.
Always a pleasure.
Peace out.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
