Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say you're drunk at speech.
She's just so good at that.
I like to poke the bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
What is up, everyone?
Wit here.
I'm with my boy Biz, and this is episode 517 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented to you by New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka we all know, we all love. It's
close to our hearts. It's always close to our mouth. An amazing weekend had by all, I hope,
including some drinking of Pink Whitney, maybe on the beach, maybe on the lake, wherever you enjoy
some libations. Hopefully you enjoyed Pink Whitney. And we got to mention the big old
bottle, the 1.75 liter. That's what it's all about. That's the one in my house. That's the
one I give out to friends and maybe guests who come over biz i give them a big old bottle and say enjoy this
let me know what you think and hopefully maybe you'll you'll buy some more take this tell all
your fucking friends about it and buy it support me i get the fuck out of my house
again it's monday at 1 30 what your problem? Can't have a drink?
You're getting good at those intros, buddy.
You're high stepping out of the gate.
So how was your weekend?
What'd you do?
Not much.
It was very, very relaxing.
Sunday, there's an annual father-son golf tournament, an old sandwich.
It's awesome.
And you can play with your dad and your son.
If you had three sons, you can play with all of them.
You both hit a tee shot, and then you hit the other person's tee shot. So I'd hit your dad and your son. If you had three sons, you can play with all of them. You both hit a tee shot.
And then you hit the other person's tee shot.
So I'd hit my dad's tee shot.
He'd hit mine.
Buddy, I felt so bad.
He was pounding his driver.
Dead straight.
My dad's really gotten into golf in the past few years.
He's 67.
And his driver is just money.
Like 230.
Dead straight.
Yeah, grandpa swing.
Buddy, I didn't.
I think it was the fifth hole was the first time he could hit a second shot my ball was off the planet i just
kept saying sorry he's like no more sorry no more sorry so we had a real tough start um but we had
a blast and it was a great time we actually were paired with Barry Peterson, legendary NHLer who now does... He was part of the
trade that brought Cam Neely
from the Vancouver Canucks, and
Barry Peterson went from Boston
to Vancouver, and he was
a great player. Unreal
setup man. Told
some amazing stories. He's already told me he'll come
on the podcast. The guy could tell a story.
His son Ben was there.
That was great. Paid with those, and then another two guys, the Hoyts, Roger and tell a story. His son, Ben, was there. That was great.
Another two guys, the Hoyts,
Roger and his son, Jackson. It was just an awesome day. You see all the little kids.
There's a 10 and under group. Ryder's a little
too young to bring, but maybe next year.
It was just nice to play
with my dad and have a great day.
We drove down together, drove back up.
It's just one of those things you just really appreciate
getting to spend time with your father and being competitive.
And I just felt bad.
I was horseshit letting him down, but we had a blast.
And then what?
How's the old sandwich looking?
That's where you went, right?
It's just like pristine golf course?
Just beautiful.
Just probably my favorite place on earth, I'd say.
When I go down there as my buddy, the Crow Show,
who's a member who pretty much made me not
made me but told me you got to join here it never rains there you can go down there and it can be
pouring pouring rain and no golf for the day but it's not raining if you know what i'm saying it's
just an experience to be down there they got this men's locker room that's huge and the staff there
it's world class everything about it so i love getting time. But no sandbagger there.
And I'm not down there as much now.
I'm not down there as much.
They're not giving us a sandbagger there, though.
Oh, no.
But I think I mentioned one time.
I think I mentioned one time to one of the guys who works there,
Nicky, I was like,
what about if I could film myself golfing and then draw?
And he's like, that ain't happening.
So I totally understand that. But for a sandbagger around here. Is it like the Masters and he's like that that ain't happening so i totally understand that um
but but for a sandbag around here is it like the masters where it's like a cult like the top guys
at the cult no no no no no we don't have um guys walking around killing squirrels that make noise
as justin thomas told us in that interview but funny enough before we get into your weekend
i think the most exciting part of my weekend was walking into the locker room right after it ended.
And there was lunch out there, beautiful spread burgers, sausages, hot dogs, chicken, just the cooks out there on the grill.
But as I walked into the locker room, the guys were getting in the blocks for the men's 100 meter final.
Oh, yeah.
And I've been into the Olympics a little bit.
My wife watched the show.
I think it's Sprinter.
Sprinter on Netflix.
It's been following around the best sprinters
leading up to these Paris games.
Dude, this guy Noah Lyles.
And it was a guy Thompson from Jamaica.
Yeah, what a finish.
Oh, my God.
They both deserve the gold.
Like, fuck this 5, thousandth of a second like
are you and everyone deserves a trophy guy because i know what you're saying i'm saying
fucking line them back up let's go again for the gold that i don't care but that's a tie
here's the crazy thing is and it's um i want to get his name right i apologize to everyone right
now his name there's so many names i'm gonna miss
his name is kashane thompson and the wild most wild part of it was that when you look at the
final like you know listing in the in the first second third place he has the same time like
because it was point zero zero five their time is the same but it's all about the beneath the neck.
So your shoulders, your torso, that's what has to cross the line to have it.
Yes.
So Thompson's foot got over first, but his torso wasn't.
So what a lean by this Lyle's.
Unbelievable.
The last eight strides he took, the push that he made and to time it perfectly
where the push off his one leg
propelled him with his chest,
based off of that action alone, sure.
Give him the gold medal,
and the other guy gets the pigeon toss and gets the silver.
But that has to be something that was coached to him.
I was going to ask you the same question.
Do you think that's...
But the timing to know when to do it.
It's the details.
It's the little...
It's that inch.
You're going to crawl for that inch.
You're going to die for that inch.
Great speech.
What a movie.
Any government Sunday, I'm going to watch it after this.
But, Biz, what was amazing was 40 meters into the 100 meter, he was in last place.
So my wife was mentioning that he...
I think the 200 is his is his uh best event because
he just gets going and his out of the gates he's not great but the announcer that was like usain
bolt he was not a great starter either and i i heard i think it was i was talking to my buddy
jeff who um jacobson he said that if uh the who won the was it johnson the old guy i think he might have got caught for cheating
ben johnson i believe maybe it was ben johnson his time would have been like like last in that heat
like that's just how much faster it's gotten and how the competition has gotten so good where these
guys are now like all freaks freaks of nature like tuned upraris, ready to get it out of the gate.
But I was watching even that girl from,
the woman who won the 100 meters.
St. Lucia.
St. Lucia.
By the way, bud, when those girls walk out.
Oh my God, the swagger.
Oh my, the swag, like they are so hot.
The first one that they brought out,
she was an American, like I have a crush on her,
like I have to
follow her on instagram or something like that but their bodies are just like they're they're
temples they're temples i said to i said to brie i said look at the butts on these girls she's like
yeah they're sprinters you don't think they're gonna have big strong nice just the nicest
turn cutters in the league but that but that in the the volleyball the the women's volleyball yeah yeah i mean and
and i actually was interested because as you see like the speed of sports get greater and the size
and like how much bigger people are year by year by year i looked up the world record but usain
bolt still has the 100 meter world record yeah so that that, and that was 2009, I think, when he did it.
He was laughing at guys when he was winning.
I think it was, I don't remember his Olympics.
London, maybe?
I think he looked back at one point.
He started backpedaling.
He was looking back and laughing at them.
In the third one, he was, yeah, he was backpedaling.
So the fact is that as people get stronger,
and I guess to be crowned the fastest human in the world with the hundred
meter,
basically you're the fastest person in the world,
but you're saints chilling.
And he's like,
no,
buddy,
ain't nobody touched my record.
So he was,
he was also,
he was also six,
five.
Yeah.
And the way that he could extend his leg and just like the way that he ran,
that's another fascinating thing about watching the replays,
seeing how some guys get it done, where you get like stiff german guy and he's like like he's going and when you see some of these jamaicans they're so fluid they look like gazelles
out there i'll tell you what's not athletic though and what should not be an olympic sport
shooting accuracy shooting i'm not talking about the winter olympics when they gotta like ski around
for kilometers on end and then like maybe you're out in the wilderness and then you gotta hit a
buffalo to feed your family that is some type of athleticism but to walk up load a pistol and i
don't know if you saw the the turkish guy who ended up wearing the bronze he's got a t-shirt on
he's got a little beer belly he's got
his other hand in his pocket he's got nothing covering his other eye he's got these bifocals
on he just wheels up and boom he gets an olympic medal like that is something to me that belongs
at the like the outdoor games yeah load your gun and shoot a target and then you win you'll win a
prize or whatever maybe you win you know lifetime supply of beef jerky. Or like a teddy bear at the carnival.
But how is darts not an Olympic sport from an accuracy perspective,
but yet you can load a gun and shoot a fucking target?
And those were some of the cool stories,
because then the girl, I think the female shooter who won the gold,
she looked pretty fly.
And her picture and video
was going online everywhere she was like she went viral basically but i think it's ridiculous that
that is an olympic sport and darts is not dude today they had on like a man-made whitewater
rafting course and people in like what are the what are the single one a kayak it's like there
it's like a whitewater rafting kayak race.
I think that that should be a sport.
I mean, I don't know.
It felt very X game-ish to me.
And I know you brought up the point
that a lot of these things are brought over
from the X games.
But I mean, they're going around like poles
on a fake whitewater rafting course.
It didn't seem like what the Greeks had in mind
at the Olympics.
Well, you're battling natural elements and you're using like upper body strength so okay and you're and you're having to
attack this course that it's different for everyone the way that the water might be running
on that on and now are they doing so on a natural stream or is it no it was like built oh it was
man-made okay yeah yeah all right well maybe i'm on the fence about that one
okay um so we were at dinner the other night watching the i think it was the 200 meters so
now that we're in this olympic talk and um we're at this place called dovetail great restaurant in
vancouver pasha recommended it he hit it out of the park i've been there like two times a week
since i've been here he finally finally did something. Yeah, exactly.
The woman serving us behind the bar, she asked
if you had six months to train
in every resource possible
known to man, what
Olympic sport do you think you can compete in?
Obviously, for you, it's other than hockey.
What do you think that you could compete
in where you would actually not look like a fool
doing it?
Six months you got to train. About a fool um doing it six months you got
to train about seven days ago i mentioned to you uh my swimming and how solid i am at that i had
close to a thousand people send me a video on twitter of an olympic swimmer versus normal people
and i'll send this over to you the people dive i want to watch it biz they dive into the pool and the olympic swimmer stands
on the on the board for seven seconds and then dives in and they're doing the breaststroke and
he gets there like he pretty much wins it if not ties the first but i'm talking he gets in the
water and you see him like a shark ripping through so i take back my uh i could be in the olympics
for swimming turns out i was not correct i don't think if he gave me six back my uh i could be in the olympics for swimming turns out i was not
correct i don't think if you gave me six months i could i could i guess my best option would be
shooting because if i went for 10 hours a day with an ar-15 and i sat on a range i would like
to think i could compete for a medal now there are competitive shooters out there right now
screaming no they're not.
Smashing the steering wheel.
Six months, it would for sure, anybody listening, 95 of people would answer shooting would be the one that you could have a good day.
You're calm going in.
That's probably the hardest part is staying, like keeping your nerves.
There's no pressure on you going in.
You started this six months ago.
If anything, there's more pressure on the people who you've been started this six months ago if anything
there's more pressure on the people have been doing it their whole lives give me six weeks
well i would say you need i would say six months is a fair amount of time someone else answered um
the horse jumping because these horses i don't know man that that's a lifelong thing of being
on those horses and buddy those fucking horses that they're competing with are like five ten million dollars it's like stepping behind you you need to learn the commands it could
probably take you six months to do it yeah you're going over this one maybe you lean a little bit
forward over the jump maybe you'll pull on the harness this way all you need to do is memorize
all the commands those i think those horses i think that that would be harder like if you're
talking about how expensive the horses and how well trained the horses i mean you could say the
same of how expensive they know english you could talk to them in english that's how well trained
these things are well what if it's like a german horse and then you got to know german no they they
know every language it's they listen to rosetta stone Stone in their stalls. So that's why they're so expensive.
No, I'm serious.
If you got into whatever these F1 cars are, 50 million, just because the car is expensive and you know how to press down on the gas and the brake, I don't think you're competing in an F1 race.
I think this is very similar.
These horses and the person riding them, they have a deep connection.
They trust one another, right?
Who's going to trust you sitting on their back
besides an OnlyFans model?
I don't know.
You're an idiot.
What'd you do this weekend?
Speaking of backstroke.
Besides crush the gross grind.
Right, we'll get into that,
but we got to shut out.
You mentioned the
swimming element summer mcintosh canadian girl yeah i saw that first time any uh athlete has
ever won three golds for canada at the same olympics she's got three golds and a silver
we had penny alexiak a few years ago now we got summer mcintosh so i would say as far as swimming
like canada is at the top I would say Australia's top
tier for swimming and then like other countries falling behind but Canada's leaving its mark man
that's unbelievable for her. Well US is I mean let's not forget US. Katie Ledecky. Well because
they had Phelps. Well this woman Katie Ledecky she dominates every year. Oh, okay. That's another one?
I didn't know who that was.
I had one more Canadian to shout out.
Did you see Ethan Katzberg, a guy from the island?
He does the hammer throw.
And on his first throw, I think he ended up beating any next person.
The second place person was eight meters behind him he got up there
buddy i'll send you the clip of how he throws it is that the thing with it that they spin around
yes yes it's got the the little like metal rope and then the ball on the end of it i'm gonna send
you this video so ethan katzberg and he ended up winning a gold medal for canada so i thought that
was pretty cool first throw and then he basically got to shut it down the rest of the time.
I was watching that.
Not that exact time when he was competing, but that event.
And I said, I mean, that thing's whipping through the air.
That hits you in the head.
You're dead.
But I noticed that the nets are very tight so that if they don't throw it online, it's going to hit the net and drop.
But even the people out in the field, you got to be on your A game.
It's like sitting in a very common seat
to get a foul ball at a baseball game.
You can't be down on your phone.
You got to have eye on the prize.
Make sure you don't catch a Louisville baseball
right to the head.
I guess Louisville makes the bats,
not necessarily the balls.
But kind of a scary event for the people out in the field
who have no athletic ability to dodge a giant hammer.
Well, it's like when NHL never used to have a glass at one point the net the people or the net
or or the net so people are just eating it right in the face yeah somebody had to learn the hard
way for them to figure out to put put the nets up but that thing i mean a puck is one thing but
getting that big metal ball in the noggin it It's like the scene from Braveheart. Exactly.
That's what I was thinking about
when he whips that thing from the horse.
Yeah.
As far as my athleticism,
I went down a gross grind,
shedded four minutes of time.
I went 59 minutes.
Did run into some Chicklets fans there.
And in the meantime,
I've actually, in the last few weeks,
been reaching out to conor
bedard to try to do some video with them where we do some training element you know do a day with
them wake up do a protein shake go to the gym uh go to the skill session maybe work on the shot
i think we've we've landed on one competition and we're gonna end up doing the grind against
each other so i don't know what type of with what type of time uh bedard's putting up i i would imagine with the the quads he's got on him he would do pretty good so we're gonna go
we're gonna go at it at some point and film a content piece where pasha i don't know how
pasha's gonna film it because i don't think he's in very good shape he might have to take the
gondola up to the gross grind and then maybe like come down a little bit to try to get some good
shots but oh and he'll have like louis vuitton loafers on trying to do it too because it'd be going right out somewhere that weasel now you
mentioned bedard's monster sydney crosby martin saint louis quads but i mean you're a big human
yourself you don't have my out of bounds stakes and you really really have the stride length
advantage over him so wow that's not true but not yet what do you mean you're six
three i i know but i'm very tight i don't have good range of motion why are you laughing i'm
serious that was my problem because as we began this recording right prior to starting you you
mentioned that now yoga's getting involved correct wicked lot of farting as ra said so now maybe the
flexibility will come back how is yoga now for you
so i took this awesome class actually the last time uh dion finuff was in town and alicia cuthbert
was walking out of this place and i didn't realize it was a yoga studio it's called jaybird and you
know there was a lot of girls in there so i think you're naturally as a guy you're intimidated i'm
not very flexible i don't want to go to this class i I don't want to be a nuisance and a disruptor where I'm looking around at every movement, but
they have a bunch of different style of classes and they have this introductory one where it moves
very slow. Like I've been to yoga classes assuming, Hey, this is the introductory one.
And you know, I'll at least be able to have time to grab my foot to make a quad stretch.
But they're just moving so fast and they're barking in the mic
and you're overwhelmed.
This one was awesome.
It was slow moving.
They actually gave you a lacrosse ball even on the way in.
So there's times where you're stopping and you're rolling out your glutes.
Relax.
Roll out your glutes.
Take that deep breath. let the muscle sink into
the ball yeah and and so you weren't just like running around stretching the whole time getting
up and like all these motions like sometimes you were chill you'd able to catch your breath and
then you jump right back into it so i'm trying to become more limber i'm trying to activate all
these also small muscles in my body that i haven't turned on for a while. Another reason why I did another class called LaGree West. It's this, uh,
this form of Pilates, like my buddy, Dan Sutton, his girlfriend, Barbie. I don't know if she's the
creator of it or one of the creators of it. Pilates is a little, in my opinion, a little
bit more difficult. This this this has like a different
reformer where you can add and take off weight and it tells you on the mat where like there's
numbers on it where to put your foot where to put your knee you could do upper body exercises from
it lower body the biggest thing though is is I would say 50 of the stuff I was having a hard
time doing like I couldn't even really get my body in that position and then not only that but then become vulnerable in it where all of a sudden
you're extending wit and you're doing a you're doing a bridge and you only have one leg on the
reformer and that's what's keeping you stabilized where no i would have to put two and i wouldn't
go as far out but the next day your core is done. So I've been starting to do yoga.
I'm going to try to do it three times a week.
And this Lagree class I'm going to do every Wednesday with my buddy, Dan.
So I'm just like, I'm going to become this finely tuned athlete.
And I wanted to go the next level for a chicklets cup.
Like I didn't want to leave any regrets on the table about how I didn't take care of my body.
And I'm a, I'm a fucking healthy scratch so to me as a leader that is setting the tone for the rest of the group i think message has been received to most of them the only guy that and we can get
in a chicklets cup talk is con man who is from my understanding completely out of shape and he is the the last man on the forward roster
right now who does have a spot on the team but could lose it if he doesn't come into camp in
shape and he's so skilled that it's like we need you but we almost won't be able to have you if you
can't just put the next month towards getting your body ready and primed to participate in this because your
hands and your vision and your shot yeah it's one thing but bud you gotta be able to run around
nobody's questioning his skill set and his vision and his hockey abilities but every
chicklets cup he's shown up he's been 10 pounds heavier we're not fat shaming here if if it's
hard too right because he lives on the rock he lives out in saint john so
anytime there's no there these guys hit the bottle and i don't blame them they only get a you know
six weeks of sun the whole entire year but it's what do you want do you want a championship or do
you want to enjoy your summer and i think that you can have one of those summer i think you but
no more drinking maybe the non-alcoholic
beers for a little
bit.
And if I don't see
any type of, uh, we
need to see some
video reassuring that
he's actually taking
this seriously.
Cause, uh, Terry
Ryan is informing
me.
He's running every
day.
He's, he's, he's
down to like a buck
80 best shape of his
life.
Every other guy we
have on our roster,
same thing.
All these guys are
playing for the
national team, just won gold medals.
So con man, it's right now his spot to lose.
But as of right now, our roster is solidified for Chicklets Cup,
and we're going in with a solid group.
All right.
I love hearing that.
I love hearing that.
Now, when was the last time you had drinks?
Are you still, is it September one will be the cutoff?
That's the cutoff.
But not, but not like belligerent.
It's just a couple of socials with your buddies.
It's not like big nights right now.
Couple glasses of wine, couple tequila sodas, and then usually embedded.
I'm getting tired at the max.
I can go.
It was like 12 o'clock.
And then my, my eyes start shutting. Cause I I'm doing two a days. I can go is like 12 o'clock, and then my eyes start shutting because I'm doing two a days.
I even worked out Sunday twice.
I did the yoga class, and then we went for a little jog.
So we're on it, buddy.
We're on it.
And what are you eating for lunch on these days?
Because I'm at the point right now where every morning I'm making two eggs, some turkey sausage on one piece of bread.
So that's not bad. But then I need a second piece of bread that's covered in Teddy's peanut butter. I don't think peanut
butter is the healthiest thing in the world, but this is a healthy version of peanut butter.
Then for lunch, I'm having a sandwich. So we're now at four pieces of bread through lunch. Now
at dinner, I've been keeping it lighter. I did sushi the other night. Unfortunately, last night, my wife made lasagna.
If everyone remembers the dreaded lasagna incident of 2024 from earlier this NHL season,
she didn't trust me with the cooking, so she made that.
I had three pieces.
So that's a lot of carbs for me on a Sunday, but it's kind of where I'm at because I enjoy
them.
I'm not going to cut back on the things I enjoy to try to get an ab.
Forget six packs.
I'm looking for a one pack.
I'm looking for buying a 40 in the store and crushing.
I just want one.
But I'm not willing to not have sandwiches I love with chips,
and I put chips in my sandwiches.
Carbs are a killer because they do tire you out a little bit, too.
Do you not get tired?
I'm always tired though.
I can't be more tired than I am.
So I don't even think that the carbs are affecting me.
It's the three kids that are affecting the tiredness.
Now, I just, my thing is-
Hey, would you ever do a fast?
Because I think I'm going to do a-
I've done them before.
I've done them before
and I was the most miserable bastard
you could ever be around.
It was a three-dayer.
I think there was about 12 juices I drank, 12 to 15 juices in those three days.
Well, that's not a true fast.
I wanted to stab myself.
Were the drinks, I think if they're above a certain amount of calorie or a certain amount
of sugar, it spikes your insulin.
So a true fast, you're not supposed to spike your insulin at all.
your insulin so a true fast you're not supposed to spike your insulin at all i think the only thing you're supposed to consume is maybe like bone broth and uh and and like a himalayan salt
in your water so i was thinking about doing i was i was thinking about trying a five-dayer
and you mentioned the carbs like i you know ever since i got back on the bottle at the start of
summer right after um right after we were done at TNT, I noticed that the booze starts putting the pounds on me quick. Now that's one thing that never
really happened in the past. So that's why I'm going to try to, to, to cut out majority of carbs
and then also try a fast when I drive down at the end of a summertime, I'm going to try to do a
five day or they say after three to three days, you go to like ketosis
where it starts like eating at everything, all the bad cells, like ones that could eventually
be cancerous.
And by day five, it's like eating at ones in your brain where your mental clarity is
like it's never been before.
Why are you laughing?
Have you not heard?
I haven't heard of a fast just eating away at things in the brain to make you think clearer and better.
I just don't want to be around you or do any recording with you or talk to you if you're doing a five-day fast.
Because I'm telling you, my three-day fast was a disgrace.
And my thought process on the entire thing is, yes, I got to start training.
And shout out to the...
I'm going to say...
Fuck you. i got the
back up all right i believe you it just sounded funny you had like little fingers on your brain
on the outside of your skull it just looked funny i mean it sounds like you're describing like
meningitis of the skull or the brain i don't even know if that's the correct term but biz my thought
is that it's life is too short for me to just like spend four days
like fasting.
It's just, I don't know.
I just, I'm not down with dieting.
Well, it could be longer if you fast more.
That's the whole point.
That's the whole point is life can be longer if you treat your body properly.
And they say by fasting and doing these things regularly, it'll help for longevity.
So you're saying life is too short.
I get that,
but it's almost like saying,
okay,
well,
it's five days of pain and sacrifice worth adding this much longevity to your life.
If I'm 90,
no,
no.
Although I did hear of a guy that Barry Peterson knows well,
he plays at Salem country club.
One of the best courses in the state.
This guy's 93 years old
he plays with him every week he made a friggin eagle this year 93 the only way that i want to
be around at 93 is if i'm playing golf i've said if i'm probably like hacking darts and cigars
drinking whiskey oh yeah oh yeah those are the people who live the longest. RA's going to outlive us by 20 years.
It's like the people who have their windows up with a cigarette and a Dr. Pepper on the way to work at 7 a.m.
They're going to live until they're 100.
Well, I guess it's just me here.
He's doing our obituaries.
Hello, everybody.
Witt's dead.
My biz just croaked. Andelli went to a i know i got
nothing else okay here i got it all right i'm gonna read this off uh hourly benefits of fasting
so stage zero they have the zero to 12 hour mark digesting food insulin peak. Stage one, 12 to 18 hours.
Fat burning begins.
Insulin failing or falling.
Excuse me, falling.
Stage two, 18 to 24 hours.
Ketosis begins.
Glucagen rising.
I don't know what the fuck that is.
Stage three, 24 hours to 48 hours.
Autophagy? Autophagy?
Autophagy?
What's auto?
P-H-A-G-Y.
Begins brain cleaning.
Stage four, 48 hours to 54 hours.
HGH surges.
Inflammation falls.
That's another one I forgot.
So as you keep going, the longer you go the inflammation leaves
your body stop this is after the brain cleaning i just said brain cleaning on my cleaning ladies
clean my brain or do i have to do this stage five uh 54 hours to 72 hours insulin uh sensitizing
autophagy peak i don't know this this autofaggy you're getting canceled because of your thing
oh my auto fags were just amazing what's what's help me out with this word auto and then p-h-a-g-y
that's a foggy atafuji atafuji atafuji peak stage's a Fuji. Atafuji peak. Stage six, 72 plus hours.
Stem cells forming, immune cells refreshing.
So it's eating away at all those bad cells once you hit the three-day mark.
So the longer you can sustain that, not only is it eating at the brain cells,
but it eats at the body cells and inflammation's gone.
I don't even need to do yoga.
I just need to do a fast.
It's all about inflammation.
You just need to learn how to read
I'm picturing like the Mucinex commercials
With like the little green germy boogers
And like those are on your brain
And there's a vacuum up there as you're fasting
Just sucking them all up
Yeah and it's like an OnlyFans girl
With a little cleaning lady outfit on
I do have to break this news though
That TR sent Mikey Grinnelli a message,
a picture of Con Man who's down 17 pounds.
So maybe our information is incorrect.
But he's got a gullet.
He's partly in the text, and there's a photo,
and he's still got two chins.
So I don't give a fuck.
His beard looks awesome.
I know it looks unbelievable but he's
got a bit of a gullet there i want to see some definition in his fucking cheekbones right
hey i want to mention i had like okay so here we go more information has surfaced he's down 17
pounds from being up 90 pounds no No, he says I'm kidding.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Now we're poking too much fun. If you gain 90 and then lose 17.
All right, that's it.
We're doing a big deal.
Selects fast.
We're starting it.
We're starting it now all the way to the camp starts.
The coach isn't a part of that.
Biz, I had a lot of people reach out to be my trainer,
which I really appreciate,
but they're all scattered across North America.
I've mentioned to a couple of them, I need to be able to go to a place where the trainer is.
Because all these people are like, we'll send you workouts.
It's like, no, I'm still alone and have to go work out. No, that's discipline, buddy.
I don't have that.
I have it in other aspects of my life that I need it,
my family and my kids, but I don't have it for that.
I don't.
Stop eating carbs and start working out on your own.
Shut the fuck up.
Yes, you can do it.
Hey, actually, going back to the Olympics,
did you see the big dick pole vaulter?
Oh, my God.
His hog stopped him from being a gold medal winner.
His hog, I think,
left him off the medal list.
He was far clear over that thing
and his big dong just hit the bar
and that was it.
But is it worth missing out on the medal
to go viral for the fact
that you have this enormous hog?
If you're single.
If you're single.
Because if you're married. If you're single.
Because if you're married,
it's like,
all right, well,
I don't even care that everyone knows
I have an enormous piece,
but I just lost the gold medal.
If this guy's single
and on social media
and he's looking
a wheel and deal,
he's laughing right now.
He's like,
I won the gold medal
in WAC.
His name's
Anthony Amaretti.
That's what his name is.
The French, or no, that's kind of Italian the way I said it.
I thought you said it's Spanish.
Imagine your Raya profile picture, you over the vault
and your big bean bag just taking the bar off.
They can't tell what's different, the pole vault or your hog.
It's like the girls are like, which one's which?
You're like, yeah, I'm going to win this game.
This is way off topic.
Somebody sent this to me before.
But if you go back in time to our little presidential assassination discussion.
Right.
Have you ever heard all of the...
And I'm sure there's a lot of people right now are like,
Whit, why are you saying this?
A lot of people know this, but I know you don't.
Do you know the similarities between JFK being being assassinated and abraham lincoln being assassinated no i love can i read you these
yeah let's go let's go so this is an instagram reel i'm sure it's been everywhere this one is
how dot vintage so i'm just it's a video i'll just read it because it has closed caption
abraham lincoln was elected to congress in 1846 john f Abraham Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846.
John F. Kennedy was elected to Congress in 1946. Abraham Lincoln elected president in 1860.
John F. Kennedy elected president in 1960. Both were particularly concerned with civil rights.
Both wives lost a child while living in the White House. Both presidents were shot on a Friday.
lost a child while living in the White House. Both presidents were shot on a Friday. Both presidents were shot in the head. Now it gets really weird. Lincoln's secretary was named
Kennedy. Kennedy's secretary was named Lincoln. Both were assassinated by Southerners. Both were
succeeded by Southerners named Johnson. Andrew Johnson, who succeeded Lincoln, was born in 1808.
Lyndon Johnson, who succeeded Kennedy, was born in 1908. John Wilkes Booth,
who assassinated Lincoln, was born in 1839. Lee Harvey Oswald, who assassinated Kennedy,
was born in 1939. Both assassins were known by their three names. Both names are composed of
15 letters. Now hang on to your seat.
Lincoln was shot at a theater named Ford.
Kennedy was shot in a car called Lincoln made by Ford.
Both people who assassinated the presidents were assassinated before their trials.
Here's the kicker. A week before Lincoln was shot, he was in Monroe, Maryland.
A week before Kennedy was shot, he was with Marilyn Monroe.
And Lincoln was shot in a theater
and the assassin ran to a warehouse Kennedy's was shot from a warehouse and the assassin ran
to a theater oh my god pretty fucked up right I'd never heard that I'm sure many people had but
that's wild no that's insane there's actually one more you forgot. They were both auto faggies.
Funny.
That is crazy.
Although I feel like that's made up.
They got it.
If that is completely fake, then I'm just the biggest sucker on the internet.
Oh, yeah.
It's like the stamp. Both of them had their brains cleaned out by a vacuum.
So it worked out. Oh, no. Great the Stamko. Both of them had their brains cleaned out by a vacuum. So it worked out.
Oh, no.
It worked out great.
Oh, no.
Oh, I wasn't even saying that like they got shot in the head.
I was just talking about the fasting.
That was not a good joke.
That was not my premise on the joke.
At least you're admitting that you didn't mean it on purpose and we can keep it in.
I did it.
I did it.
Last thing I'll say before we throw it over to an unbelievable interview, guys.
We had the opportunity
to sit down with uh T Musolani uh we did the sandbagger a few months ago with him in San Diego
and JR so both hall of famers go watch that one but uh we got to talk about his uh long amazing
career um how he was brought up in Finland and and how it all shook out so we hope you guys enjoy
that I think we it was about an hour and a half we got of his time.
By the end of it, I think he was gassed
because we just kept asking him all these
questions. But guys, over
1,400 games. I think he had finished with
1,451. That's not including
playoffs. Six
Olympics. This guy went
to six Olympics. How is
that even possible? I know.
I was thinking, I'm like, that's 24 years.
I don't get it, but I think
at one point, the
Winter Olympics were only two years
apart. I think there was a 92 and a
94. I don't even know if he was
in both of those ones, but the guy
is an all-time legend. And
going back and looking at the YouTube of our
sandbagger with him and Roenick when we got dusted,
I think the top comment is Timo Solani is the coolest person in the world.
And I had got the chance to play with him.
I knew that.
But then this interview, even if you watch the sandbagger, you learn so much more about this guy and what made him tick and how great of a human he actually is.
So we're very excited to bring you that.
Do you want to throw it to that right now, Biz?
No.
Well, I was just going to talk quickly.
to bring you that. Do you want to throw it to that right now, Biz? No, I was just
going to talk quickly. And just to go
back to Timu quickly,
I envy the way
that he wakes up and he
approaches and attacks life.
There's no bad days.
He's always smiling, laughing,
and he's just such a positive guy
to be around. So even just from the sandbagger
and getting to talk to him, it just puts a smile
on your face. So we can't thank him enough, and we hope you guys enjoy that we've had some awesome
interviews come out over this off time and i know some people might be taking a break from hockey but
i hope a lot of you are able to to go back and enjoy them like struds was awesome yeah i mean
we started with mess so the list goes on so uh last thing i was going to say was uh i'm not one to go up and
like i gotta say what's up to a celebrity but in vancouver since i've been here i've been seeing
will sasso you know will sasso that is oh the guy the guy from mt or not mtv um mad tv if you said
much music i was gonna throw up no no no this is he's a hilarious comedian i
want to say he's about 50s from bc originally just outside of vancouver uh but i know who this is i
know who this is dude he was mad tv to me was the heydays of mad tv were better than any snl that
might be the worst hot take going if you clip clip that, I might get torched for it.
But high-end mad TV during that era was better than SNL, in my opinion.
So I kept seeing them around, never said hi.
And then I do my nightly routine.
I work hard all day, and then I go for a Dairy Queen dipped cone.
Good for you.
I'm glad you're doing that.
Can we talk about a Dairy Queen dipped cone?
Is that not the most underappreciated snack of all time?
Well, I like Blizzards, but if the Blizzard machine's broken, a dip cone, dude.
Not a large, not a small.
A medium dip cone.
Nighttime, the sun doesn't go down to 10 here so i go there about 9 9 30 and i sit out
front they got these two chairs i sit there and i beforehand to get your hunger you think i don't
yeah i think he does i get i get baked as hell i go get my dip cone and i was just sitting there
eating it like a fudge kid ice cream all over my face and sure as shit for the third time since
i've been here will sasso and his dog walked by him.
And I think he said it was his wife.
So I said,
buddy,
I said,
what's up,
man?
I said,
I do a hockey pod.
I said,
I do a,
so not to come off like a complete pigeon,
like I'm actually a working civilian.
I said,
Hey man,
great to meet you.
Huge fan of yours.
I know you're a bit of a hockey fan and I thought he was anyway,
cause then I mentioned I worked for the coyotes and they moved and he had no
idea that the team had moved. So probably not the biggest hockey fan so either way said what's
up to him I thought it was cool I didn't know that if you were a Will Sasso fan and I don't know
if you if you go up and say hi to celebrities when you see them but I kind of succumbed to it
because he was so close that I just I had to do it no I get that and you'd seen him so many times
but I'm curious you said he was walking his, but then you said it was his wife?
No, no.
He was walking his dog, and his wife was next to him.
She had a dog as well.
Okay, okay, okay.
I said he was with someone who I think what he said was his wife.
Maybe I said it so fast.
I started the show Presumed Innoc presumed innocent biz very good show so far
i've really enjoyed jake gyllenhaal um he's a district attorney in chicago and then another
district attorney is uh is murdered it's a girl and it's just kind of all about trying to find
her killer and the case and the politics involved apple tv uh so far so good i'm two episodes in so i was kind of looking for something for me and the wife cal the politics involved. Apple TV, so far, so good. I'm two episodes in.
So I was kind of looking for something
for me and the wife.
Cal has slept through the night,
three nights in a row.
Amazing news there.
Well, asleep at 7.30, up at 6.
That counts.
That 100 counts.
And it's actually not bad
because then you wake up
and you can get a bunch of stuff done
before the maniacs come down.
Wyatt did something to me this week.
Told me I was disrespectful.
Grinnell, confirm your show.
What's the name of it again?
He said 10 out of 10 show.
Yeah, Presumed Innocent, Apple TV.
So that was very, very good.
Kind of crazy that Riders Hockey will be starting pretty soon.
I mean, they go back to school. Get this.
So they go back to school
the Wednesday before Labor Day.
You go to school Wednesday.
You have a half day Thursday and
no school Friday.
And then it's a long weekend and you don't go to school
until Tuesday. Explain to me
why school can't just start Tuesday
and you got to have Wednesday, full
day, Thursday, half day so that
then you can't even go away or do anything.
They're in the conference room deciding
this and saying, how can we fuck
with Ryan Whitney?
It's not just me. It's every parent they're
fucking with.
What a waste of
time and energy to
bring these kids in for a day and a half
only to then have five days off
and then go back to school. Just start school the day after Labor Day in the United States.
I don't know what happened to Canada. And by the way, this is my area of the country.
Down South has already started. They start like now. They're very early starts. But if you're
going to start right around Labor Day, maybe just do it the day after Labor Day. I don't know. Maybe
I'm bitching and I sound like an annoying pain in the ass. I know I have before and I will again. gonna start right around labor day maybe just do it the day after labor day i don't know maybe i'm
bitching and i sound like an annoying pain in the ass i know i have before and i will don't don't
even bring them just say fuck we're not coming i said that and then you know you get the old like
you can't miss the first day of school and it's like all right well if it's me yeah we're not
going to the first day and a half of school but But I actually understand for a first, he'll be in first
grade. Like you would
feel maybe a little weird that all the kids
like knew each other for a quick minute before
the little like mini vacation for Labor Day.
But his hockey season starts relatively
soon. So this is first year might
Boston Junior Terriers
second team like B
team. If you need anybody to
give them fighting lessons, I'll
volunteer. I'll spend a little time with them.
You'd be a great role model. Oh, by the
way, I think a
lot of feedback laughing
and saying Biz just
has no clue talking
about his ability to meditate
while he's a dad with kids running around.
I never doubt you because
you've proven people wrong your entire life.
Those are probably the anti-vaxxers.
A lot.
They don't like my ways of
raising kids. They don't like meditation.
If a kid wants to cry, you just
block them out. Hey, kids,
you got to get rid of those autophagies.
Okay, Coach Biz.
Can I have your OnlyFans password?
Sure.
No, I've never subscribed.
I'm not fucking paying to see a girl's tit.
Are you nuts?
Have you not been on the internet?
So we're going to throw this to Timo Solani right now.
And once again, amazing interview.
Thank you for all the feedback.
We also did Bobby Holic this week.
That'll be dropping.
And guys, these Zidane O'Charas, Bobby Holic, Patrick Elias,
guys who grew up behind the Iron Curtain when communism was still a thing,
their stories, and I know I'm pumping up Bobby Holic,
we're going with Timu Salani, but we have Holic coming now soon, and we were all blown away.
One of the best interviews we've done this year, but right now it's a true legend of the game, the Finnish Flash, Timu Salahni, but we have Holi coming now soon, and we were all blown away. One of the best interviews we've done this year, but right now, it's a true legend of the game, the Finnish Flash,
Timu Salahni. Hope you enjoy. Before we go any further, guys, it's Wit, and I need to talk to
you about Viator. The most amazing way to travel is through Viator. Actually, our boy Pasha,
the Deranged Devils fan, he's going on an amazing excursion to Europe. He's going to Stockholm.
He's going to Lake Como.
He's going to Nice.
And he's really used Viator to help him plan everything.
Hotels, travel, sightseeing.
Doesn't matter what you want to do.
Viator is there to help.
Viator is a tool that you can use to plan and book amazing travel experiences around the world.
Their app and website make it easy to explore 300,000 plus travel experiences
so you can discover what's out there no matter when you're traveling
or where you're traveling or what you're interested in.
Viator helps you plan the perfect travel experience for you with free cancellation
to help you plan for unexpected and 300,000 plus travel experiences to choose from.
That way you can plan
something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy. Traveling and planning a long trip
is difficult. It's stressful. And when you're planning a vacation, no stress should be involved.
So let Viator help you figure out what you want to do, when you want to do it, and then they can
pretty much go through anything you want to do and help you succeed in basically formulating
the perfect, perfect travel plan. The itineraries Viator can hook you up with is what it's all
about. So download the Viator app now to use code Viator10 for 10 off your first booking in the
app. Find travel experience for you. Do more with Viator. That's Viator app, Viator 10 code for 10 off your first booking in
the app. Thank you to Viator. What an honor it is now to be joined by a very special human being,
a man who scored 684 goals in the National Hockey League. That's 12th all time. A Stanley Cup
winner, the winner of the first ever Rocket Richard Trophy
for leading goal scorer in the NHL.
And an absolute gentleman,
while also being a movie star now
in the new movie Minor Leaguers with Brett Hall.
We have the Finnish Flash, Timo Salani.
Thanks for joining, buddy.
Thanks for having me.
How are you guys doing?
So, I'm interested in the movie
because it came out August 1st.
It's August 5th as we chat right now.
How did it all come about?
How was it acting?
What was the intro for you to getting Hall involved?
Like bring us through the situation on how the movie came about.
Well, it happened about five years ago when my buddy Leo Finn, he actually called me and he talked with the guy named Dan Comrie who actually produced the movie and he's
also as a Jake in that movie so he they called me and said that they have a nice script about hockey
and comedy and humor and stuff and would that would I be interesting to do some acting part
of there and I first I said no no I'm not I'm not that great though but then they forced me to have a lunch
with them and they brought the script and I read the
script and then I start thinking about you know what
maybe this will be fun because
I think that
the thing was that I'm
playing myself but totally opposite
about myself, I'm totally egomaniac
just totally brick you know
who is full of shit
full of your shit, your own shit so I think that's why I got interested about that you know who is full of shit full of full of your shit own own shit so
i think that's why i got interested about that you know i can act something that i have not
you know and then then we called brett hall and he said right away yes and then i said all right
let's do it and uh it was it was great experience how was it memorizing lines like were you were
you were you butchering them? Were you nervous going into scenes?
Or had you settled in after maybe the first few days?
Yeah, first it was a little bit complicated.
Obviously, you have to go out of your comfort zone.
And English is not my first language anyway.
But, you know, then we decided that.
And there's a lot of words that I have never even heard before.
But I think the most important thing is that you understand the script and
the message,
what you want to sell out.
And then you can,
you can manipulate that with your own words.
And I think that then it started working on,
but you don't have to relax and,
and,
and just try to be as normal as you can.
But I have a lot of appreciation for those actors.
It's not easy.
The hardest part was the waiting part.
First, you tape like 10 minutes, and then you wait 45 minutes,
and then you change angles and stuff.
I want things going, and it was so hard to be patient.
Like I said, it was fun, but it was not easy.
You're like, I got a golf golf match i got a tennis match what am i doing sitting around this studio i'm a busy man
but it might have been your first time acting but you actually had another movie a documentary about
your life in finland that i believe is the highest grossing film in the history of finland so that
must have been pretty cool to go through with those guys on your life story and your
career and all the old videos they must have had.
Yeah, actually, that was a great experience as well.
You know, obviously, that's a normal life.
And when you start to get used to it, that the camera crew is around you for a little
bit here and there, you know, then it starts working.
You have to almost forget that they are there.
Then you're going to get the good footage but uh you know i think that was the one kind of uh thing that you know like like you
said you start memorizing the things what has happened in your career and and and some even some
some things that you haven't even you don't remember very well but then those those memories
spring back and then you start uh living that moment again so it was pretty cool thing
and yeah
so but this
is different
because then
you have to
actually follow
the script
and try to
be in the
movie right
way but
then you
know
hacking is
a little bit
fun also
because
we start
taping
Top Gear 2
now in
Finland and
so that's all about cars and stuff.
So I've done a little bit, but still it's not easy.
Well, we're going to go into your car fetish
because you're insane about cars.
Apparently when you were a younger kid,
you were doing a lot of car racing,
and you might have even chosen that as a career over hockey.
But just quickly going back to minor leaguer,
can you give people who want to check it out
maybe a quick rundown
of the storyline
and what happens in it?
Well, the story is about
me and Brett Hall.
We don't get along.
Obviously, we are good buddies,
but in the movie,
we don't get along.
And, you know,
I'm jealous for him
because he has two Stanley Cups
and he has 700-plus goals
and two Stanley Cups.
And I have only one.
So I get that
hockey team for this league
and then Harley just wants
to fuck around with me and
he wants to buy a team too and I
try to do everything that he can
buy a team and he doesn't get
done. It's getting kind of
messy there and a little dirty but
and then there's a little ups and downs
with other people too but it's a rivalry between me and brett and uh and i think brett is doing
unbelievable job and obviously i think it's a more normal for him because he he has a black
belt for chirping and stuff and he always he's uh he's his voice and everything how he talks
he's always about you know showing you know so I think he did a great job there he was probably
writing his own lines to come at you
below the belt exactly
that's unbelievable
how well did you know him before
that did you guys ever play together
we played all-star games but not
in the same team and I have known him like 20
years here and there
and you know so I don't
know if that well but that eight days we had a good time.
And he likes tequila too.
So in the night time we had a couple of tastes of tequila and talk about hockey and everything.
So it was a fun time with him.
Biz mentioned your love of cars.
And I don't know, like growing up, was that were you into F1?
Was that something that you were always like passionate about?
Was driving cars?
Did you have go karts? Because it's turned into something where you were always passionate about? Was driving cars? Did you have go-karts? Because
it's turned into something where you collect cars
and you enjoy racing when you can.
I didn't know if as a youngster, was that even
more popular to you than hockey?
Yeah, and you collect the odd
speeding ticket as well. We'll get to that in a little
bit.
You remember that story.
My dad was a car engineer.
He always, even if we didn't have much money when we were young,
but he always buys some piece of shit cars,
and he's fixing those, and that's how I got into the cars.
And in Finland, Formula One and rally car racing,
it's like national pride.
So obviously, if you don't like racing and you're from Finland,
there's something wrong with you.
So I've always been a big rally car fan and Formula One fan.
And then my buddy, a good buddy, started racing cars when he was 18 years old.
And then I went with him with the practice and stuff.
And then he let me drive.
And then I got hooked, you know.
But, you know, now when I look back, you know, racing, you know, I was still playing NHL.
I was 30 years old when I stopped racing after a big accident, you know.
But when you're young and stupid, you don't even think about something bad that can happen.
And I rolled the car a couple of times pretty bad.
And then I realized, you know, maybe I should not drive until I'm done.
But now I think I would be scared to drive.
But the cars have always been big passion.
And obviously the living and making money,
what we do for hockey,
I was lucky and able to buy some nice cars.
And my love is for the muscle cars and old classic cars.
I think that's, I enjoy those so much.
And I used to be crazy i i tried to
get every car with i did but i think i grew up now i don't have so many cars anymore but i still love
them it's a lot of money in insurance collecting all those cars all those all those payments add
up eh uh you said you rolled a couple cars now was this while you were playing in the nhl when
you would go back home and you would be doing it in the summertime?
Yes.
So I started racing when I was,
that was my first year in Winnipeg.
I had my first race.
And I remember when I was racing
under my different name.
So I was Teddy Flash.
And I tried to fool people
that they don't know that I'm a racing.
But that didn't go very well.
I think the people realized right away who's behind the wheels.
And then, you know, I didn't want to talk about that too much in anybody that I'm racing cars.
And then Winnipeg people, they asked me, like, I heard you're racing some cars.
And I tried to explain, no, it's not really racing.
It's more like, you know, like it's,
it's something big,
you know,
but then,
then they realized when they saw some highlights,
then I,
then I promised that I'm not going to do many races in the summertime.
But,
uh,
but I always like,
love that.
And,
uh,
and,
uh,
of course it was a big risk because,
you know,
like,
like,
you know,
know that we,
we can't do things that we can't
get hurt i wouldn't even go skiing you're fucking rolling cars how about if we interviewed a rookie
this year in the nhl like any hobbies off the ice he's like yeah i'm racing cars in the summer
yeah rally car you know just going on these three days three day excursions at what age did you first
get behind the wheel of a car, though,
given you grew up loving it?
Would your father let you go drive the car sometimes,
like in the backfields or something?
Absolutely.
I was probably like six or seven years old when I was driving myself.
And in the wintertime, we went to some big parking lots,
and first my dad showed how to drive,
and then he put me behind the wheel and uh it was so much fun
and obviously with the big snow banks you know if something happens you know it's not gonna
do any damage but that's how i fall off in the cars and driving and uh and uh then uh we had a
deal with my dad that i can drive every day in our property and And as long as I don't wreck the car.
So I've always enjoyed that.
And speed anyway.
The speed has always been a very big thing for me.
I have been up with the Hornets and offshore boats and stuff.
And I have been driving Formula One car and everything.
So it's really, you get so much into it.
Another thing you mentioned was the rally car racing.
Like, what is that about?
Do you do it with like a teammate?
Do you go long distances?
And I also read, this might've been after your career
where you were in like one of the longest races
in Finland or something like that?
Well, yeah, I drove three times
the world champions rally in Finland.
And it's a 30 stages and one stage can be maybe 30 miles.
One might be only seven or something,
but you have a navigator like,
and it's between the forest and the dirt roads.
And so technically the navigator is going to tell you like over the,
over the hill,
that what's going to be over the hill,
if it's going to be right.
And how,
how,
what kind of turns and stuff
and uh when you go the average speed in one stage can be like um 170 kilometers per hour so it's
it's kind of gnarly when when you know that if you if you drive out there's all kind of threes
and stuff so you know it can be a little bit dangerous and uh and but when you're young and
stupid you don't think about something can happen, but that's something what's really big in Finland.
And actually we just had last weekend,
the work that the world champ person rally here in Finland.
And it's,
those guys are unbelievable.
And,
but it's fun.
It's,
but it is a lot of preparation and that's why I don't have time for driving
anymore.
And,
and I tried to be smart that,
uh,
I took enough risks.
Is it like,
like in a Subaru?
Like,
cause you said you're going like in the back country and stuff.
Like,
is it all Subarus?
Like what kind of vehicles?
Yeah.
They are like,
like exactly.
Subaru,
Mitsubishi,
Toyota,
uh,
Toyota,
Corolla,
World Rally cars.
They are like a top of the line.
The top cars are like,
like almost 2 million
per car.
So,
and one little accident
and you will
total the car.
So,
even last weekend
there was a couple
of brutal accidents
and stuff.
But they have to go
all the way out
and take some risks.
When I was driving,
of course,
I tried to drive
as fast as I can,
but I still tried
to be smart
that, you know,
nothing really bad. I got one last car racing question and that is, I went to drive as fast as I can, but I still try to be smart. You know, nothing really bad.
I got one last car racing question, and that is I went to a NASCAR race once.
Left very underwhelmed.
Like if you like left turns, I guess it's for you.
It wasn't for me.
If I went to Formula One, do you think I would enjoy it a lot more?
Because I saw the Vegas one.
That looked cool.
But do you think that even though I wasn't that into NASCAR Formula One I could be I could really enjoy it in person well I think it will be great
experience but the one thing about uh when you go in the present that you only see the cars like in
four or five seconds per lap so if you're not really big fat and really into it you know it's
hard to get into it I think it's more like a happening like a NASCAR and stuff.
Like when we played the Sandbaker Challenge,
I told that Zach Brown is a good buddy of mine
who is the CEO from McLaren.
Obviously, when you're his guest,
you're going to get in the garage
and you're going to get so into it.
And same thing with that show,
Drive Survive in the Netflix. I like that
a lot. I like that. Yeah, that
has brought so many new fans, even if you're not
a Formula One fan. But, you know, like
getting behind the scenes, you know, that's
really have created more fans for Formula
One. But if you have a chance to go,
I think it's highly
recommended. And players like Las
Vegas, there's so many other things to do.
Also, Austin is one of my favorites.
Great city, great parties, and track is pretty close.
So it's a fun event and fun stuff when you get into it.
My understanding was people were starting to lose interest
even after that show came out because it's so one-sided.
Like a few of the guys have the
best cars and this max guy wins every race so people want a little bit it's like it's like the
nhl people want a little bit more parody where anybody has a chance to win and that's not really
the case because top dollars gets to get the top cars and that's what makes the big difference
now finally mclaren has catch uh red bull and and max and Bull and Max. But you're right.
First of all, we need a Ferrari to be in the top two
because that's going to create more interest.
But we need five or six teams to be in the bubble to win every day
because otherwise it's going to be getting too boring.
Like the times when Michael Schumacher won seven championships,
then Lewisilton and now
max you know like you said it's getting pretty boring if there's only one team who's gonna win
yeah you need more guys in the mix and since we're talking about childhood activities um
gr producer had written down that you also played a sport called bandy is that what it's called
is that yeah could you i i had I had no idea what this sport was.
I was trying to read it.
It's pretty crazy.
What's different about it than hockey?
Cause it looked pretty similar,
right?
Are you playing on skates as well?
Yeah,
it's skates.
And then it's,
it's,
it's like a field hockey with the skates on same kind of nets and,
and,
and field hockey.
And then there's a,
like a,
this high boards all over the, uh, in the sides. And it's's like these high boards all over the sides.
And it's almost like a soccer field size.
A lot of skating.
Nobody stops.
Some people are even using big blades
to get more speed and stuff.
And there's no equipment up here.
There's no hitting.
It's just like,
it's a lot of skating
and really good practice for hockey too
because it's a long distance skating and really good practice for hockey too because it's a long
distance uh skating and and handling uh it's it's a fun sport but uh it's not that big i think canada
has actually a nice national team but i'm not sure if usa has but it's a fun sport and and i
started playing that only because you know we needed more ice time and my hockey team stopped
playing bandy and uh it was fun so that's where
you got a lot of your stamina at a young age was playing playing a little bit more of that because
you said it's more skating more conditioning and you're out there and and also like from a hands
perspective i believe that the the blade on the the stick or whatever you hold it's smaller too
so it probably helps a little bit more for the hand eye absolutely and and the stick is almost
like a field hockey uh stick uh maybe a little bit lighter an orange ball like that like a hard
rubber ball and but like you said hockey you get a lot of stop and goals and and more uh battles
and stuff and bandy is long distance like a really good grinding and good stride practice so i think it's really
helping my hockey too and all everybody who played you know they they really got better
only because playing bandit but um it's funny that it's in the movie too and i it's so funny
yeah it's pretty fun i know i can't see brett hall uh being down with the bandy he's like put
me in the slot and have you pass me the yeah. Yeah, he's not a lot of skating.
He's just going to hang out in that same spot for the one-timer.
I'd like to see Brett Hull for fucking playing bandy.
Because it's a soccer field.
It's a size of soccer field.
A lot of skating.
I don't think Hollywood loved that.
When I played with you, even after knee surgeries and different injuries
you were still so fast in your late 30s it was your game when you were a younger kid was it was
that was that always like part of your game were you smaller did you have were you maybe a late
bloomer and skating is what kind of helped you when you were smaller than everyone yeah i was
super fast runner and uh and skater and stuff. So, uh, uh,
and I was small until I was 16.
And,
uh,
but then I got this old school with slattery,
like those knee problems.
Like,
Oh yeah.
The bumps in your knee.
Yeah.
So I grew,
I grew,
uh,
maybe like six or seven inches in one year and I couldn't use my speed.
And I think,
you know,
that's helped my,
like my,
my game reading and, and, and I didn't, I couldn't use the speed. So I had to be, you know that's helped my like my my game reading and and I couldn't use the
speed so I had to be you know smart other ways you know and and obviously you know I tried to
find my teammates better and stuff I think that's really helped me you know but uh but the speed has
always been the biggest thing for me you know and uh luckily I I have always been fast I I know that
I have been practicing it a lot too but I think it's a lot of genes that you know, and luckily I have always been fast. I know that I have been practicing a lot too,
but I think it's a lot of genes that, you know,
you either have a fast cells or you don't,
but you can practice a lot, but still it's,
there's a different thing if you have, you know,
some good genes.
I mean, hockey's pretty much a religion over there.
I would say it's maybe soccer is the main sport.
Was your father, like, was he into hockey?
Cause you said he was into cars.
Was he the reason why you got into it?
And was he a vital part in the growth in your career?
Yes.
My dad played like junior hockey.
And like you said,
hockey is same as Canada in Finland.
You know,
everybody plays some point if you're a boy or girl and soccer and hockey,
they are the biggest sports.
And now basketball has been coming up too.
And, but, you know, the sports were our family's thing,
you know, and we tried to, my dad always said,
let's play as many sports we can.
And then you're going to find the thing,
what you love to do.
And I wasn't expecting it's going to be my job.
And when I was 14, my dad said that, you know,
he saw the drive and the talent.
And he said, OK, let's make a deal that you're going to you have to look school like some respectful way.
But let's let's see how far we can go with the hockey.
And I got the green light to do everything and the rest of the story is a history.
But I was very lucky that I had parents who were able to do everything and, and, and rest of the story is a history, but I was very lucky that I had a parents who were able to do this,
you know,
and,
uh,
uh,
you have to be around right people in the right time.
And,
uh,
parents are for sure.
One of them,
the most important ones.
So,
so Joker,
it is a legendary,
like Finnish program and team.
Um,
they're not in the KHL anymore, but they were when I played over there.
And they always had a great team.
And so you played juniors there.
Then you played the senior team.
Was there somebody there, maybe the GM or the head of that organization,
that really helped you grow?
And even at the time of becoming a junior player for Jokert,
was the NHL already on your mind?
Because sometimes the European guys we talked to, they were
just looking to start for the senior team
at some point in life. Yeah, so
it's a pretty cool thing in Finland that
a lot of players are playing their whole career
in the same club team.
You start with the minimize
and then you make
your way up to the top league.
That was my
biggest dream to play in the top league.
And then my dream was to play for Finnish national teams.
And then obviously the fantasy was an NHL.
I didn't even know how to get there.
And obviously, you know, like when things start happening fast,
when I was 17, then I got drafted first round with
Winnipeg, then I realized I have a chance
and at least I will get
the chance.
But I always say
to kids, dream big and work hard.
And keep smiling.
Don't take it too seriously.
Everything has to happen
in a smooth way.
And
what my dad really teach me that to learn, to get your worst day as good as you can,
because that's what separate people in life, in the superstars or husbands or wives or in the business.
How good is your bad day?
And if you got to get that close cap, you're going to be a superstar.
And that's, I didn't accept the bad days.
And that's what I tried to teach my kids to do,
that refuse, you're going to have a bad day.
But don't accept that.
You know, just find a way somehow to get that pretty good.
And that's a talent and that's a will
and that's a passion to do that.
Because not everybody can do that.
And then, not today.
And you guys know that as your teammates in the past,
there's a lot of players that you know they're either really good
or they have nothing.
And those guys usually, they're going to be okay players,
but they're never going to be superstars.
Is that a reason maybe for your happy-go-lucky mindset too?
Because I'm sure when you say that,
you mean also from a physical standpoint,
but from my understanding is every day you'd walk into the rink
and you would push the limits because if you had to be there at five,
you'd be there at 4.59, 59, and you'd walk in,
but you would always have a smile on your face
and you would always be happy.
So where did you get that kind of no bad days attitude from? I've never seen you not have a smile on your face and you would always be happy so where did you get that kind of no bad days attitude
from like i've never i've never seen you not have a smile on your face yeah that's a cute question
you know i always i for me i thought it was always game it was not a job i i never took any pressure
on well my my my playing i i wanted to do well but I didn't try to force anything. I really believed that
things happen automatically.
I found the right way to do it.
Like I said, in the game
days, when I came to the game,
I tried to come as late as I can
because I'm not the guy who comes
there four hours before the game
and puts a towel over the head and
starts focusing, let's go, let's go.
I rather watch Baywatch 30 minutes before and start focusing, let's go, let's go. I rather watch
Baywatch 30 minutes before and
then when I start dressing up,
it's goal time.
So that worked for me.
I'm not judging
whatever they do,
but you have to find your own way
to do what works.
And that worked for me.
I had that 10 minutes rule.
Like if you ask my wife after the games,
if she wasn't in the game,
she didn't know if I played well or bad.
When I came home, I was always saying,
I didn't want to bring,
it was the first way, it was at work,
but I didn't want to bring the game home.
You know, I just came home and i was happy like happy camper and next day again i i made it very often i have
to tell my teammates you guys you you do things what you love to do like why are you so down oh
yeah we suck last night who cares today is a new opportunity new day let's enjoy and let's be
better let's learn something and be better next day it's it's there's
so many guys that they're worrying things way too much when i was doing it all wrong i should
have been watching pamela anderson's tits bouncing around before puck drop i might have scored some
more fucking goals in the national hockey league pretty sure you were looking at plenty of tits but
that that's besides not before puck drop you were in the trainer's room the point. Not before puck drop. You'd be in the trainer's room?
You'd be in the trainer's room or the player's lounge watching Baywatch?
I was in there.
Yes, I did.
It was always the same time,
so I knew that it's on.
Pop on my life running like this.
Yeah, the slow-mo running just to get you going.
Yes, with the good personalities.
yeah the slow-mo running just to get you going yes with the good personalities biz he also would come in the room if warm-ups were 16 minutes on the clock
he's coming in at 18 minutes and getting dressed in 90 seconds i never knew how guys could do that
it was like he had a velcro suit on i don't even get it. How you get that. You just come in. That's what,
that's what,
that's what,
that's what I mean.
Like when,
when I had,
I knew I'm going to have two minutes,
20 seconds.
I can dress up everything from scratch.
So,
so for me,
when I start dressing up,
that was first time I was really focusing that I don't have to,
I'm not hurry,
but I have to still be pretty fast.
And that was a time when actually it was a game time for me mentally.
So, yeah, usually I game like when we went to 16 mark,
we went on the ice, I start maybe.
I game the room like 20 mark.
And so I have a very comfortable four minutes.
So Biz and I were chatting before that once you were drafted,
I think it was five years before you came over to play for Winnipeg.
And I don't know if that was part of Winnipeg's plan to let you develop
and they liked where you were at and yoke it.
But was that your idea too, that I'm not in a rush to get over to the NHL?
It was only my call.
It was only my call.
So I came to the training camp when I was 18, after when I got drafted.
And John Ferguson, I played with Dale Havardjok in the training camp,
and I was playing great with him.
And then I was only two weeks there,
but the last game we played against Minnesota in Winnipeg.
And then I had to go back because I was serving in the military service at the time.
So I had to go back.
And I always remember John Ferguson came to the locker room after the game with the big cigar in his mouth and said, hey, boy, you stay.
I said, no, I can't stay.
I have to go.
I was not ready to come.
I was 18 at the time.
And then, you know, Don Basley was my agent. he lived in winnipeg he was waiting me and i i i ran to him as a ferguson said i have
to i have to stay here i don't want to stay so so and then luckily i didn't have to because i was
not ready at the time so i finished my my army service and then i want to play one more year
and then uh i said maybe I'm not ready.
And Yari Curry actually said that at the time, if you're not 100 sure, just wait another year.
And then I said, okay, I wait one more year.
And then I broke my tibia and fibula and I missed the whole year.
So then it was, 92 was Albertville Olympics.
And I said, you know what, because NHL players are not allowed to play in Olympics,
that would be something that I want to experience before I go to NHL.
So that's why I came to NHL at 22.
So, yeah, I was waiting four years before I came over.
And I think it was good for me because, now I admire that those 18 year old kids can
come and be a big impact right away in the league but at the time I didn't feel especially mental
I don't think I was ready to play as 18 I was like full season um from like a workout and training
perspective you seem to be like dialed in like you took that very seriously did the army and like
serving time like I don't know what it's like
over there did that prepare you even more from like a professional standpoint and what did your
job entail when you had to be enlisted for a certain amount of time like that that's just a
country rule for every male correct yeah it's a mandatory army service and the first three months
is everybody is going to have the same practices and same things to do.
And then they rank you.
And usually they put the athletes in the higher category
because they are in good shape and they have a kind of leadership value.
So I'm in the squadron that I'm the forces that if the war happens,
we're going to go and fight the enemy.
So we're going to be probably the the enemy. We're going to be probably
the first guys who's going to
get killed. Technically,
we are in the forest all the time. In the winter
time, we have skis and everything.
We ski and we try to find where the enemies are.
It was 11 months.
I always said that
at the time when you serve
there, it's not so much fun,
but it's a real real deal and and
and that's how the boys become a man you know and i think it's so we are so proud that we have that
that thing here and especially now when the the world is crazy and and russia is beside us and
and they they attack to ukraine and now we have a great military so we know
that we can protect ourselves
and we take a lot of pride for that
but the training you know like in Canada
to the farm boys
the people who
they are like tough mentally
because they learn
to work
and same thing for me
what comes to the off- off ice training i used to
play three four hours tennis three four hours squash every day and that was my workout and i
didn't even feel it was my workout it was just so much fun it was my passion man and i know a lot of
guys who have to ride the bike and do the weights to stay in shape. It was tough and long
summer, you know, but for me, I enjoyed because of the hockey, I played all the other sports for
that lot. I know you're a very good tennis player yourself. Your daughter's a very good player. And
correct me if I'm wrong, you've become friendly with Roger Federer and you've played tennis with
him before. Like, how did you guys meet and how good of a guy is he?
I mean, probably considered the best of all time in the game of tennis.
Maybe Jokovic now.
Yeah, I think Jojko is the best right now.
And he just won the Olympic gold medal in Paris.
But yeah, you know, my good buddy Jarkko Niemann, he used to be in the tennis tour for 14 years.
And then, you know, in the Indian Wells tournament,
I always went to watch that tournament.
And Jarkko was a good friend with Roger.
And Roger told the story, actually, because he's born in August 8th.
So it's 8-8-81 is his birthday.
So at the time, he used to have a Swedish coach.
And they always played this PlayStation hockey.
And because he loved A number eight, he always used me as his player.
And then he said, oh, Timo is coming.
I want to meet him.
And that's how we met.
And he told a good story about his house, that he has been collecting number eight jerseys so when he comes
in the garage and he opens his garage uh the lights come up in the in the wall and there's all
eight number eights and one of my jerseys it's pretty big honor for me you know that's sick
so he wanted to be you that's how cool this guy is but that's so cool you know what he's the
classiest guy i've ever seen in my life you know like as a superstar you know he's the classiest guy I've ever seen in my life, you know, like as a superstar you know, he's so humble and
well, like, soft-spoken
and he just treats
everybody the same way, so nice
way, and he's a true gentleman
and when Jarkko, my buddy, retired
he had his last
match against Rocher
in Helsinki in the arena
14,000 people, and I don't know
why Jarkko was thinking about that.
They can't fill the rink in that match.
And I said, are you crazy?
Rocher is going to come and play.
So he said, how about if you and me,
we play against Rocher and Peter Forsberg?
And I said, you don't have to do that.
Are you crazy that you're not going to fill the rink?
So anyway, we did that.
And then, of course, me and Jarkko beat Peter and Roger.
And a lot of times I try to remind Roger that, remember,
there's still one guy that I've never beat.
You don't lose much.
We learned in the sandbag, Abiz.
Oh, God. Actually actually we should talk about that
quickly so there might be people listening right now who don't follow us on our spit and chicklets
youtube channel we had the honor of playing uh you a couple hall of famers now that jr has finally
gotten the nod you must be fired up you said while we were golfing you know this guy's a hall of
famer it's bullshit that's that he's not enough, what, four or five months later, he's in there.
So you must be so proud of him.
And, God, we had some laughs on that golf course.
Oh, you know what?
We had so much fun.
You all guys are great.
And JR, he's a clown.
He's a showman and a really good golfer as well.
And we have always had a great time with him.
And I'm so happy for him that he made a Hall of Fame.
It's well deserved and it took a long
time for different reasons
but now he's a Hall of Famer and
it's a huge thing and
I'm so happy for him.
You were actually talking...
More important, we won.
Oh, won. You guys
spanked us. You didn't just win.
It was like playing with a bunch of seven-year-olds,
and you were letting them get in back in the match.
And then like, oh, I don't know.
I think I smoked too much dope that day.
That's why you guys beat us.
I think if I wasn't smoking any dope, I think we would have taken you.
Yeah, that was the problem.
I don't think anything could have helped us.
That day, you were telling me, I think it was off camera,
maybe after, about when you came over to Winnipeg
and some of the vets and Keith Kachuk
and getting pranked a little bit.
So I think it was a little eye-opening for you
when you came over to the NHL.
I mean, you were one of the best players in the league
and broke a record for points and goals by a rookie,
but the veterans weren't letting you think that too easily, right?
No, they tried to be a little bit hard on
me, and I understand that.
So we had eight rookies,
and, you know, obviously
our first line was
all rookies as well. Kit Kachok,
Zhamanov, and myself.
And I always remember
Randy Carl tried to make us
skate after the practice, and we played 25
minutes of the game. But I always remember I tried to hide behind Zh after the practice. And we played 25 minutes a game.
But I always remember I tried to hide behind the Xaminov.
And the Xaminov with his broken English said,
Randy, no skating.
If coach tell skate, I skate.
If you say, no skate.
And, you know, obviously, Randy, you know,
it was his last year and he was a better player and he got so mad
and a lot of other guys
got mad too
but
yeah you know
I think
at the time
you know
it was a different story
you know
there's so much
appreciation
and respect
for the older
older guys
and you try to be
a good rookie
and be humble
and stuff
but
it was kind of hard
because you know
you know
obviously
for my case
you know
like
when I start scoring those goals and I, you know, just stole the spotlight,
you know, it was kind of hard to, you know, I felt embarrassing that, you know,
take all the, you know, the media coverage and all those stuff, you know,
so as a rookie, you know, so I think there might be a lot of guys that they're not happy about that,
but I don't know how different ways I could do that thing.
But I just try to be a good guy and just do my job,
and if somebody doesn't like it, you know, that's pretty much it.
Well, I mean, you mentioned that you said you wouldn't have gone over
unless you were 100 ready, and then you said you went back went back got injured and then you dominated at yokert for two years you
guys won the championship in your last year there when you came over in that first training camp
like knowing that you were coming over for good were you dominating like right like right leading
up to the season like when you stepped in, were you at NHL standard? Yes.
You know, obviously,
I didn't know exactly
how long it takes
to get used to the lifestyle
and the different style of game,
smaller eyes
and more physical and stuff.
Obviously, I got all the tools
right away.
First power play,
I played with the best players.
And I think Phil Housley
was the biggest factor in that year. I played with the best players. And I think Phil Housley was the biggest factor in
that year. I think he
has his like
54
even strength goals for me.
And he was like
a quarterback in the back.
He was so talented.
And the way how he saw the game,
I knew that if I get open, the puck
is going to come.
And the game how he saw the game, you know, I knew that if I get open, the puck is going to come. So, yeah, and the game is right away start leading with Alex Shamanov and Kit K the NHL was when I broke my leg in 89.
And I came to watch playoff hockey, Winnipeg against Oilers.
I watched the whole first series, first round.
And I remember I called my dad and I said, Dad, I don't know if I'm I can play in this league and he said what do you mean dad you have no idea how violent how how tough this
is and you know like it's I'm I didn't even play I'm scared that the atmosphere and the hate and
the passion and how tough it was you you know, like it was something that
I felt that I, I, I can't play.
You know, this is too hard for me.
This is too violent.
It's I'm scared there.
And I went back home and I said, you know what?
I gotta be ready.
I, you know, this is serious stuff.
And I even, I even took boxing lessons before I came over to that.
I can protect myself.
And, uh, so I was, I knew exactly how ready, ready I have to be when I get, when I came over to that I can protect myself and so I was I knew exactly how ready I have to
be when I get when I came over and that that was really eye-opener for me and really helped me a
lot so even even in that first year when you were lighting it up did you still have a little bit of
that element of fear and did I'm not sure looking back did you guys make playoffs that first year
in Winnipeg so like I mean, playoff hockey is also a different beast.
So were you still playing with a little bit of that fear or did you get used to it pretty early?
I got used to it pretty early, but it started getting pretty heat there.
You know, and that's why we got Ty Domi and Chris King and after like two months in, you know,
because, you know, the other team starts trying to stop us in any different ways.
And then Mike Smith said, that's it, you know, and we got Ty Domi.
But that's why I have so much appreciation for tough guys.
First of all, it's a tough job.
And all the tough guys are super good guys.
Great values for the life and the friendships and for the team.
They do anything for the team.
And the way I like Ty Domi, obviously
we became very, very good friends
and we're still good friends, but
I felt so much more
comfortable to be out there
and just play my game because I know
that there's guys who's going to look after me
and every team I played, I just
loved those tough guys.
And I have so much appreciation for those guys.
The run in Winnipeg the first year, it's stuff of legends.
And I don't know if that goal record by a rookie will ever be beat.
And then all of a sudden, the next few years, the team didn't make the playoffs.
And you're still way over a point per game.
And in the middle of the season, boom, traded to Anaheim. And I was reading an article before the interview that
mentioned you were kind of upset and shocked in a way. So what was their reasoning? Did you ever
get a reasoning? And I'm guessing with the shock and the surprise, you had no idea it was coming
because you've really kind of created a home and a superstar career already in Winnipeg. Yeah, there were rumors that the team is going to move to Arizona,
first to Minnesota and then to Arizona.
And there's a lot of confusing stuff about the franchise,
what's going to happen.
And they said they can't afford to have three guys
who's making that kind of money,
Kit Kachok and Alexey Zhamnov and myself.
And they said they probably have to trade one.
But then the new owner, Richard Burke, who bought the team, he called me a week before
the All-Star game and said, I know there's rumors about you getting traded.
You're not.
You're going to be a huge part of our success down in the field.
The classic.
Yeah.
The classic line.
I was very happy to hear that.
I think I was 15th scorer in the league playing great.
And then he said, and obviously the rest of the team is going to go down to Arizona
to look to the city in the All-Star break.
And after the season, you and your family, we're going to take youzona to look look to the city in the in the all-star break and after the season uh you and your
family we're gonna take you down to arizona you're gonna be a huge part of our our success in phoenix
so then i went to the all-star game and then about three four days after that uh i got the phone call
like i was still on the ice in the practice when our coach said, you have a phone call in my office.
And I knew right away, this is not, nobody has ever looked me off the ice
and said you have a phone call.
I went to his office and John Paddock said that it was the toughest day in his life.
I have to trade you two.
And then before he said that, we were like one minute, we were not talking.
And then I asked, where?
He said, Anaheim.
And I said, all right, thanks.
And I hang up.
I heard when he said, Timo, Timo.
But, you know, I was so disappointed.
My wife was nine months pregnant.
They lied to me.
That's the first time I learned that it's a business. You're like a racehorse that, you know, they make their own decisions. It doesn't
matter how you feel. Because I grew up in Finland where there's so much loyalty and pride for the
club team that you play. And that's how I was in Winnipeg. I really
felt that that's my city and my fans and my team. And then all of a sudden you feel like you failed
when you get traded. But obviously I was shocked, but right away when I went back to Anaheim,
Right away when I went back to Anaheim,
you know, first, it was below 25 in Winnipeg with the wind.
And that first morning when I was in Anaheim and I had a breakfast outside, 80 degrees,
palm trees everywhere.
I look around, I said, this is heaven.
So this will work.
Kind of like the opposite of wind, eh?
Before the All-Star game.
Can you tell that story on the bus?
Which one?
Remember when we were going to the Olympics
and I was dogging on Edmonton?
Oh my God.
That's a funnier story.
So we played our last game in Edmonton
before the Olympic break.
And we all went to the airport in Edmonton. We are flying
to Vancouver for Olympics and we're
having a couple beers, waiting our flights
and Witt said,
guys, can you guys
even imagine if you would have to play
here?
And we are like, I don't know if this
is so bad. I think the great fans, great
teams, this is a shithole.
And I said, okay, whatever. And then the great fast great teams, this is a shithole. And I said, okay.
Whatever. And then
two days after they all opened,
I heard
someone say, hey, we need
Catriona. Really? Where?
Edmonton. I'm like,
oh my god.
What a dumb hockey. And I remember you and saku being like i don't know they love
hockey up here team's not great but the fans are amazing i was in winnipeg i loved that like no no
no and then we all came home because timo and saku won the bronze bobby ryan and myself won
the silver and perry and getzlav won gold. I hope I'm not forgetting anyone.
Oh, Niedermeyer.
Niedermeyer.
Got Niedermeyer, yeah.
And so there's seven, and all of us got a medal.
And we took a picture on the ice.
It's a great picture I have.
And then I went upstairs, traded.
Oh, my God.
And T-Woo's like, good luck.
That's an instant classic.
Oh, my God.
I went to Sackwell's, and you don't believe what happened.
We just got traded to Edmonton. He's like,. Oh my God. I went to Suck, Wes, and you don't believe what happened. We took some thread to Edmonton.
He's like, oh my God.
It was the most karma-defining moment I could ever imagine.
I could hear that story every day for the rest of my life and still laugh.
But you like it there, right?
Oh, now after a little hiccup this year, yeah,
I'm like Edmonton's number one cheerleader.
And we go back and we have these great times,
although our fans didn't necessarily love our run in Edmonton this year.
But I did say once being in Edmonton, if the team was good,
this would be a great place to play.
If you're on the Oilers and the Oilers are bad,
that's nightmare fuel.
I'll say that.
But if the team's good and you're in Canada,
it is top-notch.
And now they're a new rink.
They didn't even have that new rink when I was there.
But, oh, that was so funny.
So funny.
I just want to quickly go back,
because I know we bounced over to the trade and now that you were in Anaheim.
You talked about it during the sandbagger though,
the iconic photo of you shooting the duck.
Is that what you call that celebration of you breaking the goal record
or at least tying it by a rookie?
And you explained that that really is not in your nature,
but the emotions in that situation took over
and it ended up making that iconic moment,
which is cool for all hockey fans, obviously.
Yeah. You know what? Like when I was young boy, uh, one Finnish player, uh, did that in Finland.
And I said, you know, one day I want to do that. And, uh, but I did that when I scored the game
winner in, uh, in, uh, the last game in the Finnish national title game. I did that, but not the same way. And I was not
planning to do that that way, but I was so pumped that I broke the record. And it was a funny story
because, okay, so I had 47 goals and there's two games I didn't score. And Mike Smith called me in
his office.
And he said, what are you doing?
And I said, what do you mean?
You haven't scored two games.
I said, yeah, I'd have some chance, but you don't know.
You got to start scoring.
And otherwise, I have to send you the Moncton in the farm team. I'm like, I have 47 goals.
I didn't say that, but said I'm like what a jerk
what are you talking about
so then I go
home and
later my girlfriend at the time
wife now but she came
home and said
you have no idea what happened I'm in the
Polo Park in the mall and
your GM Mike
came there,
and he didn't even say anything.
He just came to me and asked, do you know where's Milton?
Holy shit.
And I'm like, what an asshole.
47 goals.
I was like, Jesus, I can't believe this.
So then we have two games left before we went to like five or six on the road. I was like Jesus I can't believe this So I said
Then
We have two games left
Before we went to like
Five or six
On the road
And
All the fans
The media said
You know
I'm going to probably
Break Mike Bosh's record
On the road
So then we played Minnesota
I scored four goals
So now
Now I have
I have 51 goals
One more game
The fans I don't think You know It's still It needs a hat trick To break the record So now I have 51 goals. One more game.
The fans were like, I don't think, you know,
it's still in his hat trick to break the record.
So then I broke the record at home.
I got three goals in the next game.
So then Mike Smith probably think that it was because of him.
Yep.
Yep.
But maybe, I don't know but you know it was
but at the time
when that happened
I was so pumped
and so happy
to do that
at home
and
I was able to share
that
historic moment
with our fans
you know
and the city
you know
it was just like
crazy
you know
so
and they stopped the game
in 15 minutes
and our owner gave me a golden stick and stuff.
It was just like a shit show there.
But I can only imagine it was against Quebec, Nordique.
And I felt embarrassed that there was 15 minutes break in the game.
I can only imagine how those guys were thinking it up.
But obviously, I was not planning to do that celebration,
but I was just so pumped that it happened naturally.
And now when I look back, I said, what the hell I was doing?
But it's still a pretty good celebration.
Timo, who is the guy that you emulated doing it, like the Finnish
player who'd done it?
His name is Mauri Eivola. He was
a very skilled, pretty good
player too, but nobody
has ever done that. So when I saw
this, I said, that was
unbelievable.
But I decided right away
that it has to be a big
goal. It has to be a normal goal. It has to be a normal goal.
So it has to mean something.
So luckily I did it, but still it was kind of like,
now when I look back, you know, I'm the strong.
I also read a story.
I think you might have told it on the Missing Curfew podcast.
It was about when Keith Kachuk pranked you in Winnipeg.
Was there a specific story like that where he got you pretty good or no?
I don't remember.
They,
they,
they need all the time or something.
I used to have this super Mario back when I was very proud of it.
I check everybody else.
I have a nice,
like not to believe it at the time,
but something like Hugo Boss and stuff.
And they checked those.
At the time we, we, we, we were flying commercial flights.
So I, I only had a, I didn't have a suitcase.
I only have like this, this, uh, Super Mario bag with me.
And then I think we went to San Jose or somewhere, and then I'm waiting my bag, and everybody else got their bag, and I just got like a plastic bag with all my clothes, and Super Mario bag is gone.
And I never figured out who took it until about 10 years ago, 20 years after that,
I got George Paris.
He sent me a picture of that bag.
And I'm like,
you son of a bitch,
who took that bag?
And I think it was Nelson Emerson who took that bag.
I don't know if he took it,
but I think he still has it.
But that was my favorite bag.
And he never got it back, though.
I think one of the coolest things about you going to Anaheim,
and most hockey fans would agree,
was this instant chemistry with Paul Correa,
who I got to watch play college hockey when I was about 10 years old.
He was on Maine starring.
And then you guys just had this connection.
But for a guy who's kind of
as laid back as you paul korea was different i've always been told one of the most superstitious
players to ever play so like what were some of the things he did and you must have looked at him like
you're crazy yes exactly so i always remember we were roommates right away and first road trip was
in Long Island and I remember
when the bus stopped he ran to
the hotel he even took
his bag the PR guy took the bag
he didn't want any part of
the fans and he went to the
room and then when we got in the room
he went to right away to check
I said where are you going I'm gonna go check
the exits I said what do you mean exits he went right away to check. I said, where are you going? I'm going to go check the exits. I said, what do you mean
exits? He said,
how to sneak out without
seeing people.
I'm like, dude,
sign two minutes and just keep walking.
It's a big deal.
He was totally different, very uptight
and very focused.
It's all about business.
I always joke about that.
My half salary was playing hockey
and half
I tried to make Paul
as normal he can be
and
I think it worked great
because
I was maybe
too loose sometimes
and I learned that
maybe that little more
serious
thing here and there
from Paul
and Paul
learned from me
to relax
and take it
stuff a little bit more like a relaxed
way but I
always remember he always went
10 o'clock in the bed
even east coast
I said 7 o'clock
it's California at 7 o'clock even my kids
doesn't go this early but he put
his mouth guard on and he
put his wristbands on and he put his wristbands on.
I asked, why do you have those wristbands on?
He said, one time I was sleeping like this and it was sore like a couple weeks,
so I don't want to take any chance.
Okay.
So then we were at the Phoenix for one game only.
And I took my son's shin pads.
They were like this small, you know, in my back.
And before we started going to bed, I took the shin pads
and I started taping them on.
Paul said, what are you doing?
One time I slept really bad.
I hit my knee and then in the bed, I was like a jazz.
He got so bad to me that I made fun of him.
But, you know, it was something that, you know,
I've never seen anybody who's so dedicated for hockey than Paul.
And the chemistry work that we had together,
we think the hockey is the same way with the speed and keep and goals and stuff.
And we are super, we're like brothers.
So it was so much fun to play
because we were almost like one step ahead
because we knew exactly where we are.
And the hockey was easy with him.
Were you really seeing the growth of hockey?
Because, I mean, it was still new,
I guess, in Southern California.
And it was the Mighty Ducks,
which has turned into the Ducks.
But the fan base
and like the passion for the game,
were you seeing it grow
down there and the youth program
really start to begin? Absolutely.
I think the Ducks took a lot of pride to
start the youth program
and hockey program for the kids.
It has been fun to
follow how much it does
getting better and how much.
Now we have 50 high school hockey teams
in Orange County and uh at the time we had only one one hockey rink when I got there and uh the
fans were not so our knowledge about hockey you know they were more excited about the fights and
the Wild Wing and all the show what we we had uh around the game. But little by little, they started to understand the game.
And now, even when we won,
or maybe in 2000,
you start feeling that they are hockey fans.
And they take a lot of pride to be a good hockey city.
And it has been fun
to be a part of that
and we all have done
a lot of work for that
that the hockey
became
bigger and bigger
in Southern California
obviously Kretzky started that
with the Kings and stuff
and then
the Sharks game
and
I think Kretzky is the reason
why
why we have
a Ducks and Sharks
you know like
what he has done for hockey
nobody has ever done so much.
And so we can really thank him for a lot of things.
Good things happened.
I had actually heard, like, I know we talked about the trade,
but did you have like knee injuries in Winnipeg at all?
Like, I know you talked about it earlier in your,
like when you were growing up, how you had those growth spurts.
One of the rumors that I'd heard is the reason they ended up moving on and you went to anaheim
is they assume that maybe you wouldn't have the longevity in your career that you ended up having
i mean you played over 1400 games and then ended up going back to back or i think close to 50 goal
seasons with anaheim so they must have felt like idiots was Was that the case? Did you feel that? Did you hear that? You know what?
I heard same rumors,
but it doesn't really make any sense
because I was playing so well there.
And when I brought my TB and fibula
and I have a three-month cast to my groins,
my bones heal a little bit offline.
That's why I have problem with my left knee because there's bone against bone.
It's almost like in the cars when you have tires and the linemen is not straight
and they start wearing out the inside or outside.
And over the time, there's no tire left.
So pretty much I have same issue but
they knew that it's gonna at least 15 years i can play without issues and that's what pretty
much happened uh 2003 uh i had the big no 2004 i had a big surgery that they have to move the patella a little bit more in the outside where it was healthy carnage and stuff.
So I don't think that was the issue.
I think it was more financial thing that they had to move me.
And they said that they had to move one.
And then Alexey Zhamnov was playing out of his option year.
And Keith Kachuk got
the offer sheet from
Chicago.
So when you get that,
you can't trade the player
for one year.
And I just signed a five-year
deal, so it was pretty easy
to deal me out if
they had to move one player.
And I think that's what
happened.
So I
don't think the knee issues were that big of a factor at the time.
When you went to Colorado and you'd been to San Jose
and then you go to Colorado,
I actually remember hearing like Korea and Solani signed in Colorado.
It was incredible.
You guys are going for a cup.
And it ended up being a real tough year for you.
And you talk about the huge surgery after that.
And then luckily the lockout season canceled the next year so you could get healthy there had to be doubts in your
mind though like am i ever going to be the same again right absolutely the colorado year we went
there with so high expectations and then uh you know first five games um we had a line that
paul sackick and myself we played unbelievable well then Paul
got hurt
he broke
his wrist
he was
he's out
for four
or five
months
and then
my
I hurt
my knee
again
and it
was
I was
probably like
75
max 80
speed
and that
was the only
year that I
didn't really
enjoy hockey
you know
I lost the passion a little bit.
But that was a very important year for me because I learned how much I appreciate about hockey,
how lucky I am, and how tough it is when you can't play on your own level.
And when I went to the knee surgery after that season,
I decided that, you know what, if it's not going to be 100,
I'm never going to play again.
And I said, I'm going to be super honest about that.
And then luckily, from my standpoint, you know, we have the lockout
and I had a whole year time to recover
from that surgery. It took about
six,
seven months
when I felt that, you know,
and I started skating
after three months, four months
and it hurt and
many times I came home and said, I don't
think I'm going to play again.
And then one day I came to Finland in April,
and I started skating in my local rink here just by myself.
And one day I realized, you know what, it doesn't hurt.
This is unbelievable.
What a relief.
And I was skating like a wind there, and I said, you know what,
this is going to be a happy ending.
And I was so  I try to describe people that it's almost
I felt the same way that if you have a really bad eye vision
and the first time you get glasses and you see the world bright,
that's how I felt.
I said, you know what?
This is unbelievable.
I'm like a young buck again, you know.
And I knew I'm going to have fun again.
And it's funny.
And then we called to Anaheim.
And I said, I'd like to come back.
And Brian Burke said, we don't have any room in our salary cap.
And I said, okay.
So then we moved to San Jose.
I wanted to go somewhere safe that I feel comfortable to come back.
Dougie Wilson said, well, you left, you know, to Colorado.
I don't know if this is going to  I'm going to ask my owners.
I would love you to come back.
But then they decided that, you know what, I don't think we're going to find the deal.
So then we called to LA Kings.
And Dave Taylor was
GM and
we all agreed money
and everything
and
I thought it was a done deal
and then my agent said that
they're going to make one more phone call
to just make sure that everything is okay
and then next day I
read in the
news that they signed
Valerie Brewer. So I knew that was my spot.
So then I said,
okay, let's wait. It was the end of August.
We don't have to rush anymore.
And then Brian Burke called and his team
still didn't want to come, but we have only a million dollars
to pay.
And
Don Basie called me and said
they have a million dollars, I said I'll take it
I'll take it, it was not about
the money, I said you know I want to come
back to Anaheim, especially that's
the place where we called first and
then you know I came back
I scored 40 goals, 90 points and you know
it was just like, it was probably
a pretty good deal for Brandberg but
it was more about
just enjoying the hockey
and getting back
in the
my passion
and
and then
following year
we won the Stanley Cup
so it's
and that was a time
when I enjoyed
the hockey most
you know
all the
76 goals
and all those
Maurice Richard trophies,
they were great.
But when you lose something and you lose the passion
and you lose that you can enjoy the hockey,
what you used to love so much,
and then when you get back,
you put all the other stuff in the side
and you just enjoy the game.
you put all the other stuff in the side and you just enjoy the game
and obviously after
2005
I tried to retire every year
90 years
but I still kept coming back
because it was so much fun
and the last 90 years was
by far the most fun
and that I enjoyed
the hockey most
What was so cool about that you come out of the lockout and Scott Niedermeyer
leaves the Devils to play with his brother, Rob.
They get you midway through the season and you guys go to the Western Conference Finals.
You lose to Edmonton, this amazing, I think they were the eighth seed, Chris Pronger's
dominating.
But you must have seen that, all right, we got Perry Getzlaff for 20 years old.
You had this amazing connection with Andy McDonaldald one of the most underrated players i've ever seen
yeah and then you find out in the summer after losing to edmonton we trade for pronger that
must have been the moment like we have exactly what it takes now like going into that season
it was kind of cup or bust for that group right, you know, I was shocked when I heard that because we knew that
we have a great team and
it's just one little
missing piece. I always
remember Brian Berg asked me
in the office after the season,
I said, you know,
obviously you played for a million dollars
and you know what?
We are one good player
away from winning the Stanley Cup.
And I know how much money you're worth.
And if you're willing to take 3.75 million, I promise you,
I spend every dollar for some player to get that.
That's a done deal.
So then my birthday, July 3rd, I get the phone call
from Alex Gilchrist, our
Doc's PR guy.
And he's screaming, we got
Pronger. I'm like, what?
And I thought it was a
prank because I didn't even know that Chris
Pronger could be available. They just went to
the Stanley Cup finals.
They lost game seven.
And I have to I was
quiet like
like 30 seconds
I'm like
what you just said
we got Chris Pronger
I said no
we didn't
yeah I swear to God
I'm like
at that point
I knew that we're gonna
at least we're gonna have
an unbelievable chance
to win
and
you know
that mission
for that
that next year you know like i think
we only invited 35 players max to the training camp there's and everybody who came to the training
camp if you if you were not in that team who were was there last year they knew that you know what
you're not gonna make the team like the mission was right away that, you know, let's get going.
And,
but still,
even that year,
as good as we were,
I look back
and how lucky we were
in many ways
that how hard it is
to win the cup
and still you have to be lucky
even you have a great team.
What was it like being,
like,
going your rookie year,
playing with Randylisle and
then him being your head coach because like witt's got his stories obviously he owned him he owned
him did you run a show did you run a show he could be a fucking hard ass man you gotta tell
the story of when you first played with him didn't you try getting his number
the guy won the Norse show.
He's got this Finnish rookie.
Give me your number.
So, okay.
So when I gave to Winnipeg my first year,
and I was always number eight in Finland,
and I was 13 when I played soccer.
But eight was my number.
So then it was more like a joke.
I told Randy, but it was so weird to go to winnipeg
because i got i got offer sheet from calgary flames and i was right away the highest highest
paid player in my team as a rookie so it was it was just so weird and and because because they
didn't sign me in three years i I was an unstricted free agent.
We went to San Jose.
They wanted to sign me.
We said, okay, we think about that.
Then we went to Calgary, and Calgary won,
and we agreed.
We signed the deal, but Winnipeg had a right to match.
So they matched right away.
And then right away, I was by far the highest scoring player in the team.
So then when I came to the team, maybe after a couple of weeks,
I was joking about Randy that, you know, I give you 25,000 for number eight.
Randy's an old school veteran.
I don't think he likes those kind of jokes either.
Yeah, it didn't go very well.
I don't think he likes those kind of jokes either.
Yeah, it didn't go very well, you know.
So, and Rodney was very hard for the young guys.
But that was the normal thing at the time, right?
So, but like I said earlier that, you know,
we have three rookies in the first line.
So we were not normal rookies.
And I was 22 years old. I would not like, I already play Olympics and Canada Cup and stuff.
So I was,
I didn't feel like I'm like a normal rookie,
but,
you know,
you know,
he was pretty esteemed here and there with Randy,
but he was super good when,
when I gave back and he said,
Timo,
I know,
I know what you can do.
And if you're healthy,
the only thing I ask you,
if I know what you can do offensively, but if healthy, the only thing I ask you, I know what you can do offensively,
but if you first go back,
you have to play defense.
I said, absolutely.
But I think it was a good thing
that he trusted me
and he saw what I can do.
And he gave me a very fair opportunity
to play well.
And I was so happy that it worked out.
And Randy, for me, he was a great coach.
And he was hard for a lot of players,
but I always had a good relationship when he was a coach.
We kind of breezed over San Jose.
Did playing for Daryl sutter almost prepare you
for that hard style of coach or had you experienced a coach like daryl sutter before you got there like
i would imagine that he was kind of a different element he was not you know what i love daryl
like he's like he's passion for the game he was like he was more ready for the games than the players.
And I always remember he came to the locker room,
like,
like three minutes before we went to the,
on the ice.
And he went in the,
in the middle of the room and he,
he went on like bent over with hand in the knees.
And he was just like,
we all like,
what,
what's going on?
But that was his message.
And, you know, guys, we got to be ready.
And he was hard, old school coach.
But I always loved those guys because there's no bullshit with them.
They tell exactly how things are.
The truth hurts, but you have never issues if you do the things what he wants.
never issues if you do the things what he he wants and uh if you don't play well he's the first guy who tells you that hey you're not playing well like and and especially the young guys if you
don't play i think the worst coach is that the coach that he doesn't tell why you're not playing
he was always the young guys like you're not playing because you're soft in the front of the
net or whatever.
So at least you knew what you have to get better, what you have to do better to get back in the line.
A lot of times, you know, the coaches, they don't tell, there's no communication between players and the coaches.
And that's the worst thing to do.
Because then they are confused. I remember so many of my teammates, young guys, or the guys who didn't play, they asked my advice,
what I should do.
I said, go talk to him.
Like, you earn to know why you're not playing.
And hopefully they are honest, you know.
Like, that's, I always say truth hurts,
but that's the only way to get better, you know.
And those old school coaches, they really did that job.
And I respect that.
And those old school coaches, they really did their job.
And I respect that.
Timo, along with this legendary NHL career,
we haven't even mentioned you have the most points in the history of the Olympic men's ice hockey event.
And you have three bronze medals and a silver.
Now, 2006, what a matchup.
It was the NHL and Sweden, Finland.
I think Lidstrm scored early in the third
and probably crushing for you guys.
But what do you remember about that tournament
and how well you played
and just having a chance to win an Olympic gold?
Yeah, I think that was the best national team
that I ever played.
You know, we were so solid in every area.
And we beat everybody until the final.
and we beat everybody until the final.
And the key thing for Finnish hockey and national teams,
when we go there, we don't have four first lines.
Everybody has right away the role that they accept and they will do that as good as they can.
If you play that five minutes or 25 minutes,
they take the pride to do the best minutes what they can. If you play that five minutes or 25 minutes,
they take the pride to do the best minutes
what they can.
That's why I always said,
I always use the,
when I talk
by my teammates
in the little speech
and you guys,
Canada,
they have four first lines.
There's a lot of people
that are not happy.
They all want to be
the first power play.
So let's use that advantage
let's try to get
them to be frustrated
because
if they see DeGrasse
play fourth line
or third line
he's not going to be happy
he needs that
they don't have the same
well maybe this is not
the right way
to say that
but same kind of pride
to play third
or fourth line role
that we have
so let's
take advantage of that. A lot of times
it works.
That 2016 was
so solid.
We beat
Canada. We beat
USA. We beat Czech.
We beat Russia. We beat everybody.
And then in the
beginning of the third period, we
got the penalty. And Saku's stick broke in the face-off. And, we got the penalty and Saku's
stick broke in the
face-off. And now all of a sudden it's a 5-3.
So then
they scored and
it was 2-1.
And then we tried
so hard and we had all kind of chances
in the end, but Lundqvist was
standing on his head and
stuff. But that was the greatest tournament
that I played for Finnish
hockey and
like you said I played six Olympics
and you know every Olympics
were different you know and
and obviously getting
four medals
five times when the NHL
players were allowed and that's something
that Finnish hockey can be very proud, you know.
And I could never imagine that I'm going to play so many Olympics.
My whole career, I look back and I said,
if somebody would really tell me when I was a young boy
what kind of career I would have, I would say,
fuck off, you know, it can't be right.
It's a fantasy.
Who are the Finnish greats outside of you?
Who are the people that are maybe on the Mount Rushmore of Finnish hockey?
Overall?
Yeah, overall.
I mean, you got to play in six Olympics.
I would imagine a few of your teammates might have been.
There might have been people before you guys who paved the way,
who you looked up to and idolized.
Who are the main guys in Finland
that everybody is like,
that guy's on the Mount Rushmore?
Well, I think Jari Curry has been always my idol.
Obviously, we are very good friends.
We played Anaheim together.
We played the Olympics in Nagano together.
What he has done,
he's like a Wayne Gretzky for hockey in Finland.
What he has done he's like a way way grand scheme for hockey in finland uh what he has done
uh you know to help younger players it's just a remarkable and uh and of course we all try to do
our jobs but yari has been the biggest thing but the one thing what's really helped us uh
in the national teams that like we had a line like saku koivu uh uh
Like we had a line like Saku Koivu, Jere Lehtinen, Teppo Numinen, Kimo Timonen.
That line was Janne Niinimoa.
We had that line like pretty much like 15 years.
And, you know, like when we went there, it was almost unfair because there's not many young players who could break into the national team.
Our core was so strong.
But right
away when we went to
play the tournaments, we
have to find the chemistry or
who is playing with who.
Everybody knew the lines
even before we went there. And it was so
much easier to play that way.
And that was our advantage for sure.
But obviously Yari Curry is the guy easier to play that way and that was our advantage for sure but
like obviously
Yari Curry is the guy that I
look up to when I was younger
and I learned a lot of
things and I always try to find
and learn something from the
guys that I like to
be same kind of player I watch how they
score the goals I like how they read
the game and I always try to learn
from those great players
how I'm going to get better
by using and analyzing
how they do things.
I always tell the young players
to just watch YouTube.
Just try to figure out
what kind of player you are
and try to find somebody
who plays the same style and
and who you want to be and just learn from them you know it's not so complicated you learn a lot
from those guys you know you mentioned the pride of the national team and and you getting to
represent them that often but uh like the 1980 u.s miracle on ice team like a lot of people think
when they beat the russians it was the gold medal but they faced finland so you were 10 years old like do you remember watching that was that on tv for
you that might have been the beginning for you of dreaming that big right yes the only thing it was
a black and white tv but i was watching it was a miracle because the thing is like a college players
you know like uh uh a whole the whole team your esteem was like a college players you know like whole team
US team
was like
college players
and then
I always remember
that they played
the one exhibition
game before
before the tournament
against Russia
and they lost
like 11-2
or something
I watched the movie
Miracle
it's a great movie
and
but
like you said
I think
it was last game against Finland.
I think USA won 3-2 to clinch the Olympic gold.
They were losing going into the third.
Yeah, I think so too.
And you know what?
That was, I always remember that, you know, my dad said that,
you know what, these kind of things make the sports the greatest
because you never know what's going to happen.
It was a miracle.
And that's why the sport is what it is. greatest because you never know what's going to happen it's uh it was a miracle and then and
that's why the sport is what it is i would assume that that hoisting the stanley cup
was that your greatest hockey achievement i mean what uh like the celebration and getting to
enjoy it with all those teammates and all that must have been such a great time and
and just maybe allude to that yeah the thing is you know obviously i had to wait 15 years to even get the chance and there's a lot of times
that i i lost hope and believe that you know i that because i haven't been even close first
second round and then you know like people have no idea how hard it is to win the Stanley Cup.
And if you look to the list
that the players,
unbelievable great players,
Hall of Famers,
that they have never won the Stanley Cup,
there's a reason for that.
It's so hard.
You have to be in the right place,
right time,
and you still have to have a great team
and get lucky here and there.
And obviously,
after 50 years,
I always remember that
when the buzzer came off
and
I always remember that when
Rangers won 93 and this
old guy in the stands
and he has a sign that
54 years now
I can die in peace
I got same feeling
that you know what finally
now I don't care what happened
I won it and
this is the ground for my career
and everything
so
it was just like something
it's hard to describe
and two months war, I always remember
how tired you were
after the last match.
You're so tired
that you don't have
even energy to party.
And after the game,
we decided that
tomorrow
everybody's going to stay home
and then the following day,
let's get together.
Maybe some guys,
younger guys,
get together right away
and then maybe they didn't sleep at all, but
you're so exhausted
mentally and physically.
It's hard to
describe how
big a war it is, especially
mentally.
Every second day you play
and you leave every game,
you leave everything out there and how beat it up
we were. We had 10. And how beat it up we were.
We had like 10 guys waiting that Torda shot before the games and stuff.
And it's just like, there's nothing you could not do to get ready.
If you're hurt, you better be so hurt not to be able to play so it's a it's a it's it's a war uh you mentioned that you go back to finland now a couple months every year like
were you and your wife able to become american citizens yes we did uh we did that four months
ago oh congrats. Yes. Awesome.
Well, I don't know if Biz has anything more.
This has just been amazing.
Later in your Ducks years, Bruce Boudreaux took over,
and this is another one you told him.
And he was a very lighthearted coach,
and you could mess around with him a little bit.
And there was one prank that you had on him
that we thought was pretty funny,
and we were hoping that you could retell that story for our listeners who
didn't catch the sandbagger.
Oh, the Gretzky one.
The Gretzky one.
This is an all-timer.
Oh God.
So, so right when Bruce came, we, we are out of the playoffs.
We are the Vancouver.
And, and after the one, one night, next morning, we have a game day.
one night next morning we have a game day
and in the morning
Bruce telling
how unbelievable
night it was, I met Wayne Kretzky
and I had a couple of beers with him
and you know
he just kept telling
and telling the story how great it was
like a little kid you know
and then on the way to the hotel I said
you know what, I have the way to the hotel, I said, you know what?
I have Bruce's number.
So I'm going to text him.
He doesn't know it's me.
So I was texting to Big Wayne. And I said, hi, Bruce.
What a great night.
You know, I have so much fun with you.
And I admire your coaching style and everything.
And hopefully we can do this again
and we are watching
he started texting right away back
he's at the front of the box just loving it
and I told him what I'm doing and then he said
oh it was one of my
greatest nights ever you know I've always
you have been my hero and blah blah
and then I said
what do you guys do are you guys staying
in the city
like maybe we can
go beer again
yes
you just name
name the place
I'll be there
no problem
do you need tickets
for the game
no I got tickets
I'm okay
but I can watch
but have a good game
and I text you after
let's go
have a
couple beers
so then we go to the
pregame
and I still text him
which kind of place you like to go tonight and he said it doesn't matter to me blah blah I have a couple of beers. So then we go to the pregame meet, and I still text him,
which kind of place do you like to go tonight?
And he said, it doesn't matter to me, blah, blah, blah.
So then I go there and take a nap, and I said, how can I break this?
I have to tell him that this is not true.
So then we go to the game, and then I said,
so, Bruce, you really want to meet tonight?
He said, yes.
Okay, come back in the bus.
So then you should see his face, how disappointed he was.
He's at the front of the bus, he reads the text,
and he looks back, and all you guys just start busting out laughing.
Yeah, I felt so bad, but you know, he took that really well.
And, you know, it was, uh, it was pretty funny, but, uh, I felt sorry because he was so proud of that moment.
He had a couple of beers with Gretzky and, uh, and, uh, so, yeah, but Bruce was great. I, I, I have a lot of respect that even he didn't believe that, uh, uh, that I should play that much, but, uh, he was, uh, he, he was, I have a lot of respect for him.
Yeah.
You guys had, there was a little bit of a falling out cause he started limiting your ice time.
And, and I remember that it got, it got a little bit shaky there.
I mean, even we were hearing rumblings that there was something going on, but it's water under the bridge now you guys kind of hashed it out and and that's the end of it
oh yeah thing is you know like i tried to ask him like why i'm not playing and stuff and
he had no answers and i was i started wondering like this doesn't make any sense you know and then
a couple years after when I retired,
he finally told me that it was not his decision.
It was GM's decision.
I said, why didn't you tell me?
I was busting your balls and I was being very vocal even in the media that,
you know, like, so, and he never told me that it was not your decision.
And he said, you know like so and you never told me that it was not your decision and he said you know what if i if i would tell you you would go to gm and i would get fired and well anyway you're probably
right yeah i'm happy that uh he said that so i at least i know that it was not him because it
was a weird situation because there's one time that I
only played
first of all like last year
I played
first 12-13
games I played normal 17
minutes a game I was leading scoring
in my
team and all of a sudden I went to
second line to third line
first power play to second power play.
And I'm like, what's going on?
It doesn't make any sense, you know.
But we had a great team.
I didn't want to make any number of that.
And then finally, two months later, I went to Bruce and I said,
Bruce, give me a chance.
If you don't believe I can play, give me a chance.
And they were a hard time to find the left winger
for Getze and Perry. So I said,
put me with Getze and Perry. Give me
three games. If I
don't play well, I retire.
But just give me a chance.
So he said, well,
I
give you, I tell you
after the pregame meal.
I said, okay, awesome.
Thank you.
So obviously he had to talk with GM,
who made a final decision.
And he said, okay, you can have three games.
We're in Colorado.
I'm the first star in the game.
We go to San Jose.
I'm the first star in the game.
Third game. First of the first period period I'm in the third line and
I'm like I asked three three games I
played just two games I had five points
and now I'm in the third line so I knew
there's something weird and but I have never been third line. So I knew there's something weird,
but I have never been the guy who would go and make a number of that.
I just, you know, swell all those things.
But then on the playoffs, we got really heated up when they benched me one game.
And again, it was not his decision,
but he didn't tell me that it was not his decision.
So I wish he could tell me at the time, but luckily at least he told me afterwards.
And it's all good now, you know.
And was that in your last year?
I mean, hanging them up, you just had enough, you knew it was time and that was it?
Yeah, I think it was my last year anyway.
was time and that was it yeah it was my last year anyway but and thing is and i i really tried to motivate myself to play to play in sochi and my my national team coach yeah i met him in tamba bay
and uh he came to watch some finnish players in nhl and he said you're gonna be the captain
you're gonna be in the first part first line so just stay motivated, you know,
and I'm so happy to hear that.
And I did all the extra to be ready in Sochi
and we won the bronze there.
I was MVP in the tournament.
And then when I got back,
I played even less than before.
So I just say,
you know,
this is unbelievable.
But, you know,
obviously,
maybe they thought that, you know, if is unbelievable. But, you know, obviously, maybe they thought that, you know,
if I'm going to have another good year, I will play one more year.
And I knew there's young players that they have to start getting in.
But still, you know, it felt at the time that it was not fair.
But it's all good now.
And I'm happy, actually.
I retired in the perfect time.
My last question for you is a lot of guys we mentioned after retirement, it can be difficult, but you have so much stuff going on.
You're outdoors.
You're playing all these different sports and all the F1 enjoyment.
Was it not too hard for you?
Was there no really moment of being sad or a little bit depressed
once it all ended you know what i was like there hasn't been one day that has been boring you know i i first
of all 10 years when i retired and and the time goes so fast and uh and i really enjoy to be busy
but my own terms and like you guys know that when you play and you play with other people's schedule,
and now you don't have to have that schedule.
You make your own schedule.
You enjoy so much.
I love to be active and I love to keep moving.
And it has been so much fun.
And that's why, you know, I try to experience new things like like this movie
and uh it was fun but uh i don't know what's the next adventure but uh i can't stay still i don't
want to stay still i want to be active and enjoy the things and and uh it just be fun timo it's
been awesome having you on but there's stuff we didn't even cover but we could talk for five
hours and not even touch at all you had such an illustrious career buddy so we appreciate your time you're a legend of the game
and uh congratulations on on all your success and and your future endeavors as well buddy so
we'll have to get you on down the road as well and maybe a rematch in the sandbagger
okay anytime anywhere we are ready and you know by the way by way, like I said last time, what you guys do, I love
your show. My family loves
the show. Just keep up the good work.
Even now, I'm shocked at
how much things you knew about me.
You guys do the things
right. Well done.
I appreciate that, Timu. Thank you so much
for coming on and have a great
rest of the summer. Thanks to you too, guys.
Boys, we actually forgot to get to the
speeding ticket story with Timu.
Lucky for us, he did tell
the story in the sandbagger video we did
with him and JR. So, one,
go watch the video now. It's available on
all video platforms. And two,
here's the clip of Timu telling the story.
Was it you who got the crazy ticket
in Finland? Yeah.
55,000. explain the rule timo
that's a real thing so it's based on your income so the finns they think it's fair
that more you make more you're gonna suffer i understand that a little bit with the taxes, but if you don't have a job and you drive 55 miles limit 75, you get 150.
And I make more money and I get 150,000.
Did you have to pay it?
That is insane.
Oh, yeah, of course.
Did you try to fight it?
No.
There's nothing you can do.
So how much were you driving over?
One time I was driving 55 miles limit, 70.
70.
And one time I got the rally car accident, which we rented private road.
Private road.
This farmer's private road.
So they said that because we didn't call the police and just let them know
that we are practicing there I got 55,000 oh my god and two other guys who were also there
they got 350 and 450 and I got 55k oh my god that's hurt I don't think it's fair T Timo. No, I don't think either.
Thank you so much to Timo Solani.
Biz, what I really took out of that, and now granted, he'd made a lot of money, but
Brian Burke saying to him, like, hey, if
you take 3.6 million after
scoring 90 points this year, we can add the
piece we need. No problem. So
when you hear a lot of these guys,
and I respect making as much money
as you can make. I do.
But there is another side to being somebody who's willing to sacrifice
how Crosby and Malkin did for all those years for an extra body or two.
So I thought that was really cool.
But what a great-
You know what I took out of it?
What?
Anytime you want a player in your organization to break a record,
you threaten them to send them to the minors,
and then he'll do it at home.
That's what I really took out of that one.
Seven goals in the next two games.
I would say...
47 goals.
Saying to the old lady,
have you ever been to Moncton is nuts.
That is blood cycle.
That was the meanest thing I've ever heard a GM do.
To find a wife
at a Winnipeg dog park and be like hey you ever seen
Moncton on a map uh my husband has 47 goals you ever been to Moncton uh we got a maya culpa we
have an immediate maya culpa we gotta call fish on because fish uh fish got a haircut he went to
the he went to like let's see that haircut no he you know he went to the... Yeah, Fish, let's see that haircut. No, he went to a crackhead...
Dude, the guy got fired on the spot
and the owner of the shop took over the haircut.
No, no.
And then the mirrors in front of Fish
just smashed when he finished.
Brutal. It was brutal.
Fish, you look like you were born in Russia.
You look like an extra
in a movie about drug acts down south. Chernobyl. I look like a were born in Russia. You look like an extra in like a movie about drug acts down south.
Chernobyl.
I look like a British UK drill rapper.
Yeah, you look like a KHL-er.
Okay, so Fish hopped on and corrected us.
What is the term?
Autophagy.
Autophagy.
Not autophagy.
I want to get rid of my autophagies immediately this is like i mean this
is like hooked on phonics podcasting right i want to hear the story of fish going to the barber you
got to get got him back on here so tell us what happened here you should have just shaved it i
literally walked into this place and i was like all all right, just trim off the ends. Like, I just want to trim off the dead ends. I had pretty long hair. This guy takes like a razor and just shaves
the side of my head. So I'm like, whoa, like no way. Like I know the shock and he's like,
trust me, trust me. I'm like, no, like I know this isn't right. Owner comes over and he's like,
get out of here. Like like, get out of here.
Like just get out of here.
Takes him and just kicks him out of the store.
Like he's just gone.
So the owner comes over and he's like, I'll fix you up.
And he's like, well, you got to go short.
Cause now you have like an undercut.
And I'm like, no, I'm not doing an undercut.
I'm not doing like a mullet.
I could have done a mullet maybe, but I was like, yeah,
just, just go short and gave it to me, gave me a haircut for free.
But I was like, this is, this is brutal. me a haircut for free, but I was like, this is
brutal. I mean, you think if he
charged you for that, you could take him to
fucking court, dude. But Fish, I actually
think in like a week with some
product in it, it could look not bad.
Yeah, my girlfriend's not
happy. I'll just leave it at that.
Oh, no. You can't piss off the old
If I brought home one of the kids with that
haircut, I'd be served divorce papers so fast your head would spin.
But remember when Katie goes,
Hey, I found a barber for you.
He's great.
And I went there and I showed you guys the picture.
One side was like three inches longer than the next.
I was in shock.
I couldn't believe.
I was in the chair shaking.
I wanted to knock this guy out so bad.
So it was kind of similar.
Now you're saying this guy seemed to be banged up.
He got tossed.
He had,
he was,
yeah,
he was on something for sure.
Like the guy had no idea what he was doing.
Well,
thanks for sharing the story and thanks for the Maya Culpa.
No problem boys.
That's a food.
Jay.
That's a food.
JJ.
Hi girl.
Um,
not much hockey news biz. I that the montreal canadians
um they signed a few guys wi-fi well yeah but first off the big deal was caden ghouli
no i hope i'm saying that was wi-fi uh small uh not a small deal i should say 5.5 million
six-year contract so they're locking up a guy who they think will be a top four defensive for a
long time.
And then the wifi news comes in.
I saw the wifi deal 1.3 million for two years.
I what a deal that is.
Yeah.
Well,
I think that's a steal for him for sure.
Last year he did get sent down to the minors for a little bit.
I don't know if it was like some form of a conditioning stint uh but i think it's a nice
little bridge deal where he'll have the next couple years the team will be getting better and
better and then maybe he can get his pop after that i mean this is a guy who can throw the body
obviously he's tough as shit uh you know he'll he'll block shots he's got an absolute cannon
from the back end. So he's
kind of like a, like a, a fifth, sixth defenseman where, Hey, if he gets a couple of good opportunities,
like it could be a year where he's got 10, 12 goals. Like he's kind of got that Sheldon
type bomb. So I'm happy for the kid. And as this heavyweight division becomes more prevalent
to have a defenseman back there who can not only
be relied upon in a in a steady eddy but if anything happens to any of these smaller players
or skilled players you have in the lineup because montreal they got some smaller guys there i mean
they got i mean um suzuki cole uh lane hudson who just came in so there's some small guys on that
roster where you can have a guy stand up for him
and be as tough as he is
because I would consider him easily
probably in the top five right now
in the heavyweight division in the NHL.
If not top 10,
but to have a guy of that size
and that young who is that willing,
he'll be top five in no time
if he ain't already there.
So as far as the other guy, Witt,
I know that they're very high on them there i couldn't
tell you a thing about them i know more about wi-fi than this kid that they just hand over five
and a half million dollars to so what type of a defenseman is he i i don't know that much either
and this is a little embarrassing but i'll also defend ourselves in a little bit of a way that
they've not been front page news that often lately and with this
show we're talking about all these teams and teams that are successful and granted there's times we
talk about Montreal but I haven't seen enough of Caden Gooley I think responsible defensively I
don't think he's going to be like running their power play but they have Lane Hudson who seems
like he'll be able to do that so maybe just overall a solid top four defenseman who can play
22 minutes who can pk and can move the puck out of his own zone now maybe canadians fans are
flipping out right now because we don't know that much but show us some more wins show us competing
for a playoff spot and we're going to learn a lot more about your new long-term signed defenseman
that's how this works correct biz yeah i mean it's just like montreal's fan base is
hardcore the fact that i love that and i love that i love it too and then they sometimes pop
by when we have a guy on and the fact that we're not giving him a double wrist they're saying that
he's going to be the next brian leach sometimes they get a little offended by that but they also
said that about slavkoski now they're going to say oh did you see the second half of the season
he had and what his projected numbers are it's like yo a lot of teams say this about
a lot of young guys who you know the projections are here but they never pan out so let's pump
the brakes I'm happy for the get for the kid for getting his bag and now that he got this bag I'm
going to be paying a lot more attention to him uh moving forward and the Montreal Canadiens because
I think expectations are high
but buddy they're in the fucking Atlantic division it might be fucking three four more years before
they even sniff playoffs like I would I would put my money on they finish bottom two in that
that division for the next two years like give me that future right now and I'll take it but
if Buffalo finishes behind them,
fire everybody in the organization, right?
Buffalo is more...
Who would you rather be right now,
Montreal or Ottawa?
Not just for this season, like right now.
If you could become the GM on one of those two teams,
who are you going to be?
I think I would actually pick Montreal.
I think I would pick Montreal in a landslide landslide yeah because there's been more of of this excitement that we haven't
necessarily seen yet where ottawa it seems like okay all their their guys that we've heard about
and talked about are there and they kind of haven't really figured out and not to just put
the blame on them maybe it's it's a it's a matter of putting the guys around them kind of like
buffalo where i think like the main guys in buffalo sure they just haven't been able to
sprinkle enough in between in order to get over that hump where i feel like in a few years montreal
could be dangerous but i could also be buying into this hype train which is their media and their
prospects are always the best come up think how many guys, like same with Toronto,
that they build up, build up, build up,
and then like, no offense, is it Mete?
Victor Mete, the little defensive? Bro, I thought that this guy was going to be
the next fucking Duncan Keith
the way that they were stroking him off in the early days.
You know what I'm saying?
So you just kind of get bought.
They have Fowler.
It's that fucking boston
yeah he might he's the next patrick waugh he might but like i think of this guy just
dominating everywhere he goes he's gonna be in the nhl at some point and then they have a new
star goalie as montreal always has over all these years so you you've been brainwashed. I think part of it is the city of Montreal and what a great city it is.
And I apologize to Ottawa Senators fans, especially the Martian, the guy on Twitter who hates Grinnelli's guts so much.
I can't take the Senators serious until they get out of that arena in the middle of a field.
You put an arena downtown Ottawa and it's just in a different location.
Maybe even change your jerseys. Put an arena downtown Ottawa and it's just in a different location.
Maybe even change your jerseys.
I think the Senators are at a place where they could jersey overhaul it.
They did.
No, like overhaul, overhaul.
Oh, okay.
Not just a couple color schemes?
Yeah, I don't know. I just don't take the Ottawa Senators seriously.
And I was a guy who got outshot in game one of the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs,
20 to nothing by the Ottawa centers and saw the craziest, loudest fan base I'd seen as an NHL player.
So I know the passion's there and I know the fan base is proud, but that arena in the middle of a field and this organization's last few years has me just out.
I'll come back in, but I'm out. I would say that they would say that their issue is more goaltending last year than the fact that the rink is in a farm 30 minutes outside of town.
Because we read over the stat.
This is probably going back a few months ago.
They allowed the first shot of the game on them went in the net like 13
or maybe even closer to 20 times this year
where the first shot on net that they allowed ended up going in the back of their net so
very tough way to start a game starting behind the eight ball and they really couldn't get many
saves so the fact that they have all mark coming there that is that could be a massive massive
massive change for that organization.
Now, do I think that he can bring him to the promised land?
I don't know.
But we're right back to the same fucking dilemma we were last year.
Montreal, not so much.
What's going on with Detroit?
What's going on with Buffalo?
What's going on with Ottawa?
So we don't need to get into it too much right now,
but that's all I got.
That's really all I got for Hockey Talk.
The last Hockey Talk I will mention is that I saw an interesting interview piece with Doug Wilson
who mentioned that it was a mistake in looking back
a fuck up in not bringing back Joe Pavelski
to the San Jose Sharks when he moved on to Dallas.
They chose not to sign him.
He went on to Dallas the next five years
and I think he had 125 goals
and I think it's pretty cool when you see GMs former GMs kind of own up to mistakes and
there is not a coach or a GM in pro sports that doesn't have numerous things they regret
to happen in their career and hopefully you hit more home runs than have ground outs or strikeouts
but Pavelski moving on and them
deciding to move on was it didn't make sense at the time and his his his production as it
continued in Dallas it just proved that it was it was a it was a mistake to let go of him well
it's funny you bring that up because it kind of reminds me of Timu's situation a little bit
where I'm sure like like certain times teams are like okay we're moving on from this guy at
the right time it's like you know he's he's had this much production over this many years like
there's going to be a decline coming here and then it's just like he just keeps doing what he's been
doing that was the same for Pavelski for Timu in a lot of ways and like you said even taking less
money after having 90 points to continue to do it the next year it's just like I marvel at the fact
that these guys were able to do it as long as they's just like i marvel at the fact that these guys
were able to do it as long as they did um and and just kind of sustain the test of time and uh
that's cool i like that he came out and said that and uh good little story and then last thing i'll
note is that um team canada head coach john cooper he rounded out his staff for the four nations
face off what a what a roster of coaches here.
John Cooper as head coach with Rick Talkett as an assistant,
Pete DeBoer as an assistant, Bruce Cassidy, and Misha Donskov,
who I do not know who that is.
I guess he worked with Vegas and now is Dallas maybe?
Gee, if you want to check that out quick.
But I love Talk there.
Talk makes a lot of sense.
And then Pete DeBoer,
that guy is just a winner.
The dream team.
They got the dream team in that coach's office.
I guess I'm calling DeBoer a winner.
He doesn't have a Stanley Cup, correct?
He's a winner.
But he's a winner.
People say, oh, what do you mean winner?
He hasn't won the Cup, but the guy wins.
He's won a couple Memorial Cups.
Yeah, so I cannot wait for that Four Nations face-off.
It really gives me a crazy excitement to this season
because end of January through February,
at least doing our job, it's just like,
ah, it's a little bit of a grind for the players,
for the coaches, for the fans even.
Now we have this mid-season best-on-best.
Granted, I know we don't have Czech.
I know we don't have Slovakia.
I know we don't have some other amazingly talented players.
Dreisaitl won't be in the tournament.
But we have a little, it's just a little appetizer to the following year.
And we have discussed as a group, everyone listening,
we want to try to get over to the Olympics, get over to Italy,
for what should be the most legendary, best-on-best
tournament maybe we've ever seen
because it had been so long since players
played in the Olympic Games. So maybe the following
year we can get over to Italy and
take that in and maybe do some coverage
from there. I'm going to be competing.
I'm going to be doing the skiing and shooting.
I'm doing brain-cleaning
exercises, so I could be in the mix too.
Thank you so much everyone who listened, thank you to the team of Solani.
I hope you guys enjoyed that interview as much as we
enjoyed doing it. We did it right before
we recorded so we finished that and then
we hopped right back on so I'm just
I'm running on a high getting to talk to him for
that long. Well not to
not to get too auto-faggy here but
it was a great episode. I mean
I love you buddy and I It was a great snap.
And I love all you people listening.
And thanks for sticking with us throughout these summer months.
We'll be back to you next week.
I got the Fallon Cup this week.
The big member guest.
My biggest event.
My biggest, most exciting time in my golfing life is every year at the Fallon Cup.
As of right now, it looks like a washout.
We got Hurricane Debbie coming up the coast.
So I'm going to need that thing.
I know, Debbie Downer.
They never did find the anthrax guy.
But hopefully it gets pushed out to the east coast and to the sea.
And we can enjoy a fun weekend of golf at Wollaston Golf Club.
So I'm looking forward to that.
And if it rains, I don't know what I'm going to do.
Maybe I'll just fast instead. love all you guys thanks for listening
talk to you soon
I like to poke a bear, I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in and take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot she had me with a cheap shot
a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox
to cleanse her mind
another week rolls in
we're on the road again
thought I was safe and sound in my minivan
But I said something that crossed the line
And I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin
She went below the bell
She ever went to cheap shop She went below the bell She had me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She had me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
You've been so wrong
I
Can't
