Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, she's your love.
They say you're drunk at speech.
She's just so good at that.
I like to poke the bear.
I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
What up, what up, folks?
Episode 518 of Spittin' Chicklets with here Biz
What's going on, buddy? How you doing?
I hear you're not doing great
But before we hear about that unfortunate news
You know this episode is presented to you by Pink Whitney
New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney Vodka.
And Biz, believe it or not, I didn't know this.
It's pathetic I didn't know this, but I got a tweet from Al Morganti.
You remember Al Morganti?
Yeah.
Our good friend in Philly.
He was with us at Jonesy's house.
He said, hey, Ryan Whitney, when Alec Baum hits his next double,
send him a bottle of Pink Whitney because he will have passed
Pinky Whitney
for second most doubles in a season
for a Phillies third baseman.
Just one behind Scott Rowland.
Now, there was a baseball player,
now I've Googled him,
born in 1902,
named Pinky Whitney
that starred for the Phillies a couple years.
This guy would have crushed
New Amsterdam Homes, Pink Whitney Vodka.
I couldn't believe that there was a human with that name.
He's the real legend.
He's the real reason you should buy the big old 1.75 liter bottle.
So we're here now.
What a start.
Thank you to Pinky Whitney as well as New Amsterdam's Pink Whitney.
How you doing, buddy?
I feel bad for you.
Yeah, listen, I threw up my back for those of you wondering.
And I appreciate you for caring.
That's the only unfortunate news I have for you.
But wait, we got to get to one more thing before we get to my back.
Alana, G's girlfriend, rang the bell last week.
We got to bring him on.
G, you got to talk about this and come on, buddy.
That must have been one of the happiest days of your life.
Recently, your mother did as well.
So I know there's a lot of uh trials and
tribulations over the past year but uh it seems like they're coming through the other side my
friend yeah yeah there's a light at the end of the tunnel now boys which is nice which is awesome so
uh yeah it's 16 weeks eight treatments uh just an absolute warrior last this past tuesday she
finished the last treatment and yeah it was it was unequivocally
the happiest day of my life happiest moment of my life watching her ring that bell it was uh
I wasn't expecting you to bring me on there biz so I'm kind of shocked here but nobody it was
I love that buddy it was the best moment of my life like no one has gone through more in the
past year past few years I don't know if you remember, she smashed her leg a few years ago. Oh, in the skiing accident. She had a bad skiing accident. So it's been a battle,
but we're throwing her a little chemo party this Saturday. We got a boat, rented a boat for her. So
all of her friends and family, it's going to be special. It's going to be real special.
A perfect way to celebrate the end of summer, buddy. We couldn't be happier for you and Alana.
And when we saw that post, there was jubilation in the Chicklets community.
So congratulations to you both, buddy.
I'm sure it was a very difficult ride,
but you're through the other side.
Yeah, and for anyone out there
that's going through the battle,
celebrate the little milestones.
I think something Alana was struggling with
was to celebrate this chemo milestone
because she still has a long
way to go. So that's the couple of surgeries, a lot of radiation. But she, she has this mentor
that just told her, you need to celebrate the little milestones throughout this whole process.
I mean, people celebrate their 26th birthday. She just went through 16 rounds of 16 weeks of chemo.
You got to celebrate that. So we're going to have a big party.
And I'll tell you what, Whit, the pink Whitney, the pink Whitney will be flowing.
There we go.
Gee, how about we were chatting and you mentioned that she had a wig on, right?
That looks incredible.
You couldn't tell.
Even you said, I was like, you could never even tell she had a wig on.
I actually want to get a sick wig like she had.
You might.
You need it more.
Gee, am I wrong?
This foundation took Alana to a few different wig shops.
And man, this wig costs like five grand.
And this foundation paid for it all for her for free.
Wow.
Which is so awesome.
And then she has this toupee she's always wearing with this.
She wears all the bandanas and stuff but she looks so beautiful it's like great it's
yeah every every day you just look at her and you're like you're so much tougher than me you're
such so much stronger than me you're so beautiful and i love you so much that's incredible boy gee
that's great news right there to start the show holy hell yeah that's unbelievable
if you're going through tough times just know there's always a light at
the end of the tunnel yeah but back to my back pain uh and i'm back to my how the fuck do i
follow that up man no well i know you'll find a way because you somehow you did it again and i
think you have a serious issue of thinking you're
still 25 and in the nhl when you train like double sessions like buddy bingo you're close to 40 years
old you need to just kind of take a step back here you're not in the ufc no i get it so that
the way you said it seems like a bit of a loser mentality but i'm gonna take a slower no no you're like a
you're like a high school hero like it like it i know that makes you sound loser mentality too
that's not what i'm trying to do after g's good news but you gotta just be aware right now of
where you're at yeah well i started with the 6.2 kilometer runs every morning and i was going with
my buddy rob who's been doing this for the past two years and I thought I could just hop right in like you said and then we were doing the weight sessions
at night or at night excuse me and then I started slowly implementing the the legree and the yoga
but after I popped my L5 S1 training with a bunch of young hockey guys at the yard where
I try to hop in with the young hockey boys. That was the day that it happened, right? So my buddy come be, he's got the, like about what, about eight to 10 kids who are going
off to whatever junior or college this, and they can handle all the plyometrics and jumping and
this and that. And boom, L5 S1, as I've done it probably 10 to 15 times in my life, just tweaked
it, knew it was going to be hell. All the muscles around it
seize up. And ever since though, I haven't just shut it down. I've been doing cycling. Uh, I've
went and seen a naturopath. I've been to physio. I've gotten massage. I've gone to this, um,
the yoga and even ramped up the yoga even more because part of the problem here, and actually
most of the problem here with is the range of motion I talked about.
I don't have any.
I have early stages of arthritis because my fucking hips are so locked in there and grinded away from all those years of skating.
Along with my lower back.
Do you find that you have early stage arthritis in your hips and stuff?
No, I think I have it in my fingers, though, because I was always cracking it.
And then people told me that gives you arthritis. Now I'm starting to have it in my fingers though, because I was always cracking it. And then people
told me that gives you arthritis. Now I'm starting to believe them because my fingers hurt. Now,
you make a lot of fair points, but you do realize, so when did you retire? Was it 2016?
2017. All right. So you're seven years retired and you're turning, I believe you're turning 39
this upcoming year correct no i just
turned 39 yes you're turning 40 yes because i'm two years old you know i'm gonna be 42 jesus whit
if if you were back training and you were one of these kids going to junior in college right and
it was me and you or you and your buddies i can imagine me and yans and then this guy this this
most about 40 year old guy comes in he's seven years retired
you're you're you're like this guy's gonna kill himself training with us today and and
they were probably like we called that one from the minute the warm-up started bro they had an
art guy like a like a needle guy in there just that day just so happens and all these kids are
getting a little bit of treatment before and i'm like no no i feel good i've been running 6.2 every day been lifting weights i'm ready to go all hyped up for my
workout like three quarters of the way through i'm on the fucking table as they finish their
workout and they're going by doing their plyos or whatever so you could have felt like such a
people must have think that you were there based on the way that you just described it so uh tough week but what it's
taught me though is like i'm not just going to shut it down sit on the couch take pain pills
although i did have a naturopath who's been helping me out i'm going to get blood drawn this
week maybe uh take some foods out of the diet that cause like natural and from inflammation
um and uh she was fortunate like she was enough. And I, I know I say
naturopath and people are like, well, that's not the route you take. She, she called in, um, um,
an anti-inflammatory and a muscle relaxer. Cause what happens when that L5 S1 goes out,
all those muscles around it just seize up, right? So you can't even barely move your back.
So I was able to work
through it get some cycling in get more of those yoga sessions where i'm coming out the other side
now and i'm i'm going to be ready for chicklets cup not only but i have a goal now of doing a
triathlon at some point maybe even before my 40s are you listening to this guy hey at the end of
that speech which which which is a great speech i love where
your message is coming i'm not quitting man talk about to talk about the muscle relaxers and the
anti-inflammatory and the natural path and it's like i learned my lesson nope i want to do a
triathlon but there's cycling and swimming that are way less impactful the running is kind of
what fucked me until i get my range of motion back i shouldn't be doing that constant pounding and in fact i'm going to throw it over to you i'm going to start
doing the witty workout uh cardio plan okay so i was going to mention biz i i like that and for
the tight hip flexors good but the the bike dude the bike that ain't good for a guy like you with
that's not true hip flexors that's not true because naturally i i rode the bike where my knees were were out more where if you tuck them in a little
bit kind of like in a v motion where your knees are coming closer to the bar it kind of strengthens
that like lower core and abdominal yes that inner hip flexor as well but i'm a little bit weak on my
inner hip flexors i always thought so- So you had the Harley ride going.
The Harley ride going on the bike, man.
It's so bad for your hips and your TFLs.
One thing about getting back into it
and meeting with these physios,
these massage therapists,
is you start remembering all the old terms
and what needs to be activated and turned on
and the motion and the angle
in which you should be positioned when you're
lifting these certain weights.
So I'm not going to quit.
L five S one is banged up right now.
The pills helped me through it on the other side.
I'm going to continue with the yoga and the bike riding and then bingo,
bango.
Next thing you know,
I'm doing a triathlon.
I might even represent Canada in the 2028 Olympics in the triathlon category.
Unless they bring breakdancing back.
I was just going to say,
in terms of Olympic discussion,
we found our event we could do.
We found our winner.
We found,
and I don't know about you
with your shooting comment,
but I saw a couple,
I've gotten crushed for the swimming one
and I've come out openly admitted
nobody's coming at me and saying I couldn't do what Ray Gunn from Australia did I believe it
was I believe her show name was Ray Gunn if Grinelli can look up her real name Rachel Gunn
is her name I think that's why they call her Ray Gunn so she took a little abbreviation from her
name man that was one of the funniest clips I watched a clip with Curb Your Enthusiasm music behind it
and another one with a different little whistle tune.
How about the Peter Griffin?
What?
The Peter Griffin.
Have you seen the Peter Griffin one?
For anyone who didn't see, breakdancing,
I believe it's called breaking in the Olympics,
but it's breakdancing.
There was a woman from a country that was like basically balancing and jumping
on her head upside down right before ray gun came out and she started off with really ripping up
some uh kangaroo style dances i believe at one point it looked like she had her finger in her
thumb rolling rolling around the mat i want to actually just pull it up and just talk about it
as we're both watching so i actually so i was really on her side when she pointed to the Australian thing and then did the kangaroo hop.
And then I was a little confused as I kept watching because some of the stuff she was just rolling on the mat,
kind of having a seizure when the other ones are twirling on their head.
So I was kind of confused as to maybe it was like a little bit of a,
a different start,
but then as it kept going,
you could see the people in the background's reaction.
And they're all looking around like,
where we're on candid camera.
Like when,
when are they going to pop out?
The one other thing that made me turn against her.
Cause I was on her team to begin with was after she'd done her awful
sequence.
And that's up for like a, that's up for like uh that's up for
like however you want to ingest it you might say it's unbelievable because of the viral moment but
we all know it was shitty break dancing part of her shtick was as the other person was going and
lighting her up she was giving it the like playing into what you would maybe be doing in a break
dancing competition where it's like and by the
end of it she got no points and the other person got 92 so she didn't get one goddamn vote and
she's shooing away the other person acting all cool like she's the best break dancer of all time
so from the beginning of the bunny hop or the kangaroo hop to the end she completely lost me
and that's why i think that the judges went,
fuck you, we ain't giving you a vote.
I mean, I'm reading some of the comments from some of these breakdancing people across the world.
And this action is immoral, illogical, and insulting
to the hundreds of thousands of B-boys and B-girls worldwide
who live and breathe this culture.
And as a former Olympian,
as somebody who was able to represent my country
in the Olympic Games,
seeing this girl roll around on the dance floor
similar to how I probably could do,
sober or drinking,
it made me think of the others out there
who've been busting their balls
trying to make breakdancing a bigger sport.
Now, here's the other part.
I don't know who won it all
i know i know i know ray gun though and i couldn't list you the bronze silver or gold medalist
but rachel gunn's coming right to mind when i think of breakdancing the rest of my life
and i think the country of australia was probably a little bit horrified at watching it happen like
oh my god i think they were fourth in medals in the whole tournament or the whole games but now anyway all anyone's talking about australia about is ray gun ripping up the dance
floor and also yes she walked out she was cocky walking out her walkout i i thought right at the
beginning of the clip because i didn't know what i was about to watch i thought she was gonna crush
it she crushed it all right she crushed it in one of the funniest ways.
It made the Olympics look like a clown show.
It made it look like, what do we do?
You could say things about certain events.
I kind of dogged the luge down, or the one-man kayak down the man-made river
and whitewater rafting.
Compared to Ray Gunn, that was like a downhill skier going 130 miles
an hour on ice you don't know the craziest part about it all is it's going back to the united
states 2028 in la and break dancing is no longer a part of the olympics they did it basically got
it booted from the olympics no they i guess they planned that because breakdance is an important
part of french culture and that's why they wanted to implement it in that olympics and then after it
goes viral and gets that many clicks and the fact that it's going back to the states where i i would
guarantee that the united states has the best break dancers on the planet like these people
don't even do it for competition they do it for
fun and they it's it's they're doing i was watching videos of like people in la just doing it and
they're fucking spinning on their head 20 times this girl's sucking her thumb like doing the the
pac-man on the mat so i think it's ridiculous that they're taking it out, especially after it has its viral moment where isn't that the whole purpose
is to garner like new eyeballs, a new perspective?
I don't know.
You tell me, Witt.
And by the way, the Canadian champion,
the men's champion for breaking, Canadian.
Philip Kim.
Okay, so.
So we can't even represent.
We get one gold medal and they take the fucking sport away.
Oh, man.
I just, Ray Gunn.
Yeah, I was reading blogs about it.
John Rich on Barstool did one.
It was incredible.
Apparently she had like a PhD in breakdancing or something.
He writes right here.
Her PhD thesis was titled,
Deterritorializing Gender in Sydney's Breakdancing Scene, a B-Girl's Experience of
B-Boying. So she's been behind the scenes for a while. Now, it's similar to some really old,
short, fat, out of shape football coaches. Sometimes the way you look can show that
you're not going to be very good at it. She doesn't really come off and
fire on the scene and prove you're not able to do it. Do you know what I'm saying?
I agree with you completely. That's why I was surprised with the shooters,
with the Turkish guy who had the beer belly in his hand in his pocket.
So what have you heard about that?
What do you mean, what have I heard about that?
Have people come at you that you could have no chance in shooting if you train six months?
No, I think more people came at me about the horse jumping and I've came back down to reality on that too.
Because I watched the horse jumping competition and it was, yeah, that's pretty wild what those horses are able to do.
It was, I think it was 30 different jumpers were in the final round.
And do you understand the rules of horse jumping?
different uh jumpers were in the final round and do you understand the rules of horse jumping obviously you were telling me all you got to do is master the commands of pulling up and pushing
down that's what i thought and then what happens is they make the course and then the horses before
they end up going obviously they're used to seeing adjustments on the course the person on the horse
can go around with them and show them but you can't stop anywhere and make it obvious. Like you can't go to where the water part is and say,
Hey horsey, look, take a look, take a look. Cause if you make it too obvious, you get penalized.
So you're allowed to gallop around, show them kind of how the course is laid out.
And then you started off. So of the 30 horse jumpers, the only people that are allowed to
go to the next round are the ones who have
a clean run,
but you have to pass it in a certain amount of time that they establish.
And any second beyond that time you go on,
I believe you get punished one point.
Every time you knock one of those things off,
it's a,
it's a four point penalty.
But like I said,
if you,
you go,
you qualify for the finals,
you go your one time.
If you knock a pole off, your day is pretty much done.
In the finals this year of the horse jumping, they had three people go to that final round.
So as long as you do a clean run and you get within
the certain amount of time, you move on to the final. And certain amount of time you move on to the final
and the three of the 30 jumpers that did it then they go again they change the course up so they
get a little breather they make a smaller condensed version of that course once again they're allowed
to go kind of they get they get the pre-game skate they get the little pre-game skate go out there
and then boom you're off and running and it was just interesting to see how each horse would attack it differently.
Some of them would have this big run up to the first fucking thing and then knock it over.
So they were done after one jump.
That's a major first shift of the game, kicked out of the game, like nice game, bud.
Bingo, bingo, exactly how.
But some of them
were smarter about conserving energy and the fact that they didn't need this big build-up where they
would kind of just go around and then button hook and then go over the first jump as soon as you go
over the first jump that's when your time starts so it was interesting to learn all the rules and
pretty fascinating with what one with what some of these horses can do like how much they can
kick up that back foot
to avoid the last thing and like some of the like you got to go three in a row boom boom boom
definitely could not master that in six months how how like how into that did you get i mean
that that was like the most you've known about anything since i've ever met you
it just so happens uh my good friend Jackie Carl,
who just gave birth to her baby daughter, Sloan,
they've been hanging out at home,
so I went up to finally see the baby for the first time.
I couldn't even move, buddy.
I was on the ground because of my back.
It was the first day.
You're like, leave the baby crying.
Who cares?
My back.
I could ignore babies.
I could just get into my room.
Yeah, imagine having three of your own with the L5S10.
I can't meditate with this back.
Hold on, let me meditate.
But it just so happens she did horse jumping.
And she's like, let's watch the equestrian.
And I'm like, I was just talking about this in the podcast.
I go, I could learn how to do this in six months.
She goes, Paul, look at all these people on the horses.
They're all like 40, 50 years old, you moron.
Is that what you told me last pod?
No, I think I compared it to like you thinking you could hop in an F1 car and rip around because it's a car and you know how to press the gas.
She brought me down to reality saying every person jumping is like over the age of 30, 40 years old minimum.
So that's how it takes.
You have to be aged like a fine wine
and have been doing it your whole life
in order to do it professionally.
Who would have thought?
Who would have thought, right?
Exactly.
I mean, I guess you learn something new every day.
And dressage now, it's on my radar for 2028 in LA.
So-
What would be some of your other winners
in the Summer Olympics? Well, so I was just going to mention, for 2028 in LA. So what would be, what would be some of your other winners in,
in the,
in the summer Olympics?
Well,
so I was just going to mention,
I'm,
I I've made it pretty clear over the years.
I'm not a huge basketball guy specifically.
I'm not an NBA guy.
I mean,
yeah,
I watched the Celtics at the end,
but even in the finals,
I think I mentioned on chicklets,
like the games just there.
They're not super exciting to me.
Maybe the very end of it's close.
Those USA basketball games,
I didn't see either game live.
I actually saw that us was down to Serbia,
whatever,
12 points in the semifinal,
but I was golfing.
And then I checked,
I'm like,
Oh,
I saw Twitter.
Like they,
they,
they had an amazing finish to win.
And then I get to see the highlights of Steph Curry.
Steph Curry might be one of the coolest athletes to ever live.
If you think about like, I usually, usually with some of the great ones, there's people who can't stand them.
I would say LeBron has a pretty- He's a polarizing guy.
Yes. He has a much bigger side of haters. Seems like Steph Curry is just, he's liked by all.
And then he puts on this show, just three after three the one picture of him hitting
the three over two guys and Durant and LeBron are just wide open on the other side of the arc and
they're just looking like this nope and he just chucks it up so once I got to see the highlights
of that compared to NBA basketball that was way better way more thrilling now obviously the olympics which it kind of got me thinking of how
nuts italy's gonna be in 2026 best on best it turned into a discussion that there needs to be
russia there i think personally hockey is not going to be the same without russia let them
dope i don't give a shit but the best on best i'll stick a needle in their ass. Yeah, the Wembeana guy on France.
He's 7'11", or whatever he is, and he's just athletic as hell.
So I actually enjoy it.
Like I mentioned, didn't see it live, but watching the highlights,
kind of blown away by that.
I was pretty done with the Olympics after that.
I mean, I've watched a bunch of it, but I was more like, all right,
well, I see how once Ray Gunn came out, it was like, all right well i see i see how once the once ray
gun came out it was like i think we got to wrap this thing up and next thing you know closing
ceremonies were on my tv i just don't know how steph curry's still getting it done has he not
been like the top of the game for 12 years now i feel like he's been around forever and i looked
it up based on where these new salaries are going for the nba i think by the time he retires he would have made 750 million dollars
just playing basketball because he's up at the end of next year for his deal and i would imagine
he gets carte blanche even if he's like going out of his prime it's like but he's not he's not those
guys are making i want to say 65 70 million dollars maybe it goes even crazier at
the end of next year my understanding is is like by the end of uh by the time to 2030 rolls around
the top guys will be getting paid 100 million dollars per year have you not heard this under
the new cba i i haven't heard an exact number but the n NBA salaries, yeah, it is that popular.
And if you're going to say that anyone's worth that, I mean, his name would immediately come to mind.
Like, he's that big of a figure in the game of basketball.
And then he does it in the Olympics, too, like totally separate from all the Golden State legendary runs he had.
Just an all-time great athlete.
I mean, it makes it better and better that we have a clip of him
somebody chucking him a pink whitney nip he crushes it and then drains i think a three into
the trash can hopefully he recycled we're all you know all about the green earth here with stuff
and and now forever it's like this guy keeps becoming more of a legend i got a video of him
drinking the pink whitney that was a real video, I think at one of the barstool,
I think he played in a barstool golf classic,
one of the four play rigs events,
and somebody chucked him one,
and he dummied it.
So that was exciting,
and basketball salaries,
yeah, I mean, hey, whatever,
I wish hockey had bigger salaries,
and it is ridiculous.
McDavid makes, whatever he makes,
13 million.
It seems like he should make 25 million.
But the money's obviously coming in for the NBA.
It's just that big of money is not there for the NHL.
Am I wrong?
He will be making 25 million when they do the franchise tag
that I recommended a few months ago.
You think that moves there?
I think they probably wrote it down as a great idea.
I think that, yeah, I think the Players Association
probably listened and wrote that down as first topic to bring up franchise tags um i just wanted to i talked
to jeff all the time about the olympics he he watched pretty much all of it um he he said that
mbc crushed it they're they're one of the real winners with bringing in snoop dog and all the
different stuff they did for peacock he made 9.5. He's 500 Gs a day to be over there.
I thought it was the most amazing job of all time.
He was over there just being Snoop,
just being Snoop D-O-double-G, clowning it up in Paris,
basically ripping on events while also taking it in,
making it a funny way to rip on it.
And to promote for 2028 as well.
That was, I think, part of the reason why they incorporated him.
It's coming back to LA where, once again,
there will not be breakdancing
that Canada won on the men's side.
A couple other things I wanted to mention about Canada.
The 4x100 relay team took home the gold
after the United States were talking shit on them
at the Worlds.
That Lyles guy, even though he's the fastest man
on the planet, he had to eat his own words there uh we won both men's and female hammer throw the hammer throw yeah
we're the best we're the best junior um it was a record summer olympic medal take home for canada
27 medals total nine golds and also uh i don't know if you saw that alicia newman
uh the the blonde she's a pole vaulter for canada she ended up taking home the bronze
beautiful girl apparently she's got an only fans now i don't know exactly what you get to see on
only fans it could be just like her doing like pole vaulting i don't know how promiscuous
promiscuous it goes but she kind of
was like maybe one of the more popular canadians especially as far as her looks are concerned and
once again taking home a bronze medal in pole vaulting i think she has a gold a silver and a
bronze now so not really sure what's going on her only fans i figured i'd promote that i'm not an
only i mean i mean yeah it's like i feel like this could turn
into a free subscription for you and and this is something that was all pre-planned but i respect
the hell out of this woman i don't have an only fans account i would net the internet exists
why why would i ever need to sign up i know you mentioned so often you don't have an only fans
account to the point where it's like why is does he always mention he doesn't have an OnlyFans account?
Because I brag about the fact that I've never ordered Uber Eats.
I've never ordered Uber Eats on my phone.
I'm not really good with the apps.
I don't like a lot of apps on my phone.
Yeah, you like keeping that thing fresh.
You don't need a lot of icons all over your main screen, right?
I hate that.
It's clutter. I don't need distractions from my icons all over your main screen, right? I hate that. It's clutter.
I don't need distractions from my goal of running in a triathlon
and swimming and biking.
I don't really have anything else in the Olympics,
not off the top of my head,
but I did have another sporting event, amazing theater.
I guess theater could be the wrong word.
Is this the Kuchar stuff?
I don't know what happened.
Did you see what Matt Kuchar did at the end of this tournament?
It was the last tournament before the playoffs on the PGA Tour.
So it's like the Wyndham Classic or something like that.
There was so much rain from, I think it was Hurricane or Tropical Storm Debbie
that was just like ripping through the country.
Debbie's the funniest name for...
It's not funny, but like to name the thing Debbie...
It's a trailer trash name.
Yeah, like my house got run over by Debbie, which isn't funny again i'll say that again but just the name i it is in
the context you're saying it so they have to basically get this course ready like they
couldn't even play thursday i don't think they got over six inches of rain and they finally were able,
like the grounds crew does this amazing job to do all this work.
And somehow on Sunday, they're finishing.
Guys finished their second round really early Sunday,
played their third round and played their fourth round.
Some people had to finish the second and play the third and the fourth.
Holy shit, like 38, 39 hole golf day.
Yeah, so Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, they were playing until like 8.30, whatever.
Okay.
Well, it's kind of hard to explain.
It was like this amazing tournament.
This one guy, I know this is golf talk, but this was just bizarre.
This one guy, he eagles a par four.
Gracerman, I believe his name was.
Max Gracerman. He eagles a par four. Gracerman, I believe his name was. Max Gracerman. He eagles a par four.
He's now four up in the tournament. The next hole, he makes an eight on a par four,
gives the lead right back. And all of a sudden, you're like, what's going on?
Ends up getting back into tide for the lead. He's on a par three biz. He's like 35 feet away.
Now, mind you, this is all kind of part of the story because it's getting dark.
And the people on TV are mentioning it's dark outside right now. Yeah, depth perception is fucked.
You know the old golf line, it's a lot darker than it looks on TV.
That's like what they all say.
Oh, really?
Because you know from sandbaggers, it's dark sometimes.
Okay, fair point, fair point.
Well, he putts up and he's got about three feet for par
he misses it no he's got about three feet for bogey he misses it so he four putts okay so matt
kuchar who's a long time pj tour vet is in the group now there's a little backstory to matt
kuchar i this this it's a it's a long article. Basically, he stiffed over a caddy.
This is the story that has gone pretty far.
He won an event in Mexico, and he took a local caddy,
and he ends up winning it, I think a million dollars.
We definitely talked about this on Chicklets.
Yeah, and he tipped the caddy like 10 grand.
What?
What he tipped the guy, the caddy, the local guy,
like 10 grand, 15 grand?
When Kuchar tip the guy, the caddy, the local guy, like 10 grand, 15 grand? When Kuchar won the tournament, he paid Ortiz an additional 2,000,
which is a loose standard.
He should have paid him 130,000 because they usually play 10.
Yeah, like 10 of a win would have been 130 grand.
And I don't know if it was definitely 5 grand.
I think the caddy ended up requesting 50.
It was a tough look for this matt kucha a tough
tough look indeed like like you need a pr team panic stat mode when this news broke but that
was a few years ago well this time the last hole of the tournament the guy who i'm talking about
he ends up like making that double so he's kind of out of it and then there's this other guy this
aaron rise english biz this guy wears two gloves two rain gloves even when it's sunny out and he Making that double. So he's kind of out of it. And then there's this other guy, this Aaron Rye. He's English.
This guy wears two gloves, two rain gloves, even when it's sunny out.
And he has iron covers over his eyes.
I love him already.
There's my new favorite golfer.
If you see iron covers and you play golf, usually you're like,
that's the worst look in golf history.
And I was chirping a bit.
No, two gloveses.
Come to find out, I don't think he came from much money, and his parents gave him clubs, and he was so honored
and took such pride in them.
He kept the iron covers on, and he's never changed to this day
to remember his roots.
One of those, like, you feel a little bit like a dickhead
when you hear the story of why he has the iron covers.
Now, I still think they look horrible,
but I love the fact that why he's doing it.
They're still terrible, though.
So he, this guy, birdies to basically win the tournament.
Kuchar's in the group behind him.
It's dark.
Kuchar, while these guys were waiting to hit into the final hole,
he hits Driver into them.
Like he could have, if he hit the perfect drive,
could have buried this guy right in the head.
It was crazy, but it's dark.
Well, then this guy goes on to birdie.
He wins. I know this is kind of confusing. So the tournament's over and Rye has won,
but Kuchar still has to hit in and nobody in his group could win. I think one of the guys
would have to make a two from 200 yards. So whatever. He hits in, this guy that's two back
racer man. And another guy hits in. Kuchar's standing there and he goes, I'm not hitting.
And another guy hits in.
Kuchar's standing there, and he goes, I'm not hitting.
I'm not playing any more golf today.
Now, the announcers are, like, befuddled.
What is going on right now?
Why won't this guy hit?
The other two players were given the option to finish the hole.
One of the guys somewhat had a chance to win, like I said, long shot.
Right, right, right. And he is like, I'm going to finish.
He hit it in the bunker and got it up and down for par i love this you're
standing 200 yards back i will not play forcing all of the workers all of the staff all of the
groundskeepers everyone that's had a long week with shit weather to come back monday morning
so he could hit his shot into 18. No.
His whole group finished, and he goes, nope, I'm done.
Oh, the buildup to the end.
I'm like, I'm waiting for like a chip in.
And what the fuck?
So it was just a move that, like for golf in August,
like right at the end of the regular season, not a big tournament, not big names in the tournament.
It was like kind of blowing up on social media.
Like, this guy is pulling.
I said it was an all-time hard-o move.
And then he came back today, and that's the funniest part.
He came back this morning.
So naturally, there's one guy out there with his phone.
There's no fans there.
And he comes back, and he looks at his ball
where he put the tee in the ground,
and he brings a rules fish over.
He's like, there's something in my way, like a man-made object like i'm gonna have to get a drop here
so he made par now there's some people defending him saying by making par oh he also couldn't get
into the playoffs that was another part it's not like he's like i'm not comfortable with my shot
because i gotta make a birdie he's probably he's probably thinking if I finish second, I can make an extra hundred grand.
But he couldn't finish second.
He was T12.
Oh, right.
But maybe higher.
Is that?
By making par, he made another 60 grand.
So that's a lot.
Right?
60 grand, 60 grand to anyone.
He's made about 75 million.
Okay?
And if he made a bogey,
I don't think the 60 grand is the end of the world.
And what's funny is I saw a tweet. Well, think the 60 grand at the end of the world and and
what's funny is i saw a tweet well that 60 grand you just made you could send it out to the caddy
in mexico so it was just a bizarre ending to a call it was a crazy random golf tournament that
i got a kick out of but i was reading about it today again people had their opinions as did i
yeah so that pretty much wraps up the olympics and talk. But the Olympics did remind me that maybe time to throw it over to Mark McMorris and Tyler Ennis.
Considering Mark McMorris is involved with the Olympics, right, Biz, for the Canadian broadcast?
Yeah, well, Craig did actually the summer games just now.
And Mark is involved in the Winter Olympics.
So he's doing all the crazy snowboard jumping. And I hope that is involved in the winter olympics so he he's i mean he's doing all
the the crazy snowboard jumping and i hope that he's in the one in italy and that way we can
meet up with him i mean we're planning on going to the 2026 olympics are we not no doubt no doubt
that is i've never been in italy before i would love to do that i would absolutely and and the
best of best we already talked about but i I didn't know Mark McMorris,
but when did you first hear about him?
Because it's interesting, we get Ennis, the hockey player,
on with the professional snowboarder,
but you had known about him for a while.
Yeah, just a famous Canadian athlete,
and his name got out there.
I think him and his brother ended up starting this reality show
where they would follow him around,
and that's where Craig kind of got, I guess guess his feet wet on the broadcasting side of things i think he did um i
think he did like games up and played hockey and played sports up to a certain level but then mark
obviously is a professional and i think that craig kind of just like helps him out and he's his right
hand man along with doing all the television stuff for X games for the Olympics and whatever else comes his way.
So they have pretty sick lives and the snowboarding takes them all around the
world.
And I know it was kind of a different interview because we were bouncing back
and forth between two really cool,
chill guys who like to snap around and share the mic.
So I look forward to having them both on again,
maybe together,
maybe separate,
but we feel it was a fun little
thing and i think it was actually g's idea when they showed up in a crew like hey why not just
do them together and i think it worked out great so without further ado enjoy the interview guys
before we continue i need to talk to you about g4 have you found the perfect golf shoe yet g4 can
definitely help you with the search. I have just found the most
phenomenal G4 shoe. I was sent, and I got to get the name exactly correct here, G,
the Men's Galavant Tour G-Lock Saddle Golf Shoe. I saw a picture of it scrolling through the website,
texted immediately, can I get these? They're unbelievably comfortable. They look so good.
Very easy to clean, which I love about them.
So there's just so many different styles.
Their new drop has a style for everybody.
Whether you're seeking traditional, contemporary, or something somewhere in the middle, G4's
latest selection of premium footwear has got you covered.
Visit G4 to find out which shoe is you.
Answer a few simple questions and their footwear finder does
this work for you and don't forget g4.com slash chicklets that's gfore.com slash chicklets for
10 off your first order your feet will thank you so thank you to g4
all right now it's time for our next guest. We have our first ever Spittin' Chicklets snowboarding NHL hockey player crossover
here in Edmonton.
Tyler Ennis, veteran of 700 games, Edmonton, Alberta native.
Buffalo Savers, Wild, Ottawa, Toronto, Edmonton.
He won a Western League title.
He won a World Championship gold.
His good buddy, Mark McMorris, a three-time Olympic bronze medalist,
Canadian legend from Regina, Saskatchewan.
Two good Western boys here for you.
What do you got to say, Biz?
That's a hell of a fucking intro, Merle.
A couple of clicks for Merle.
Let's go.
Not too many, not too many.
Welcome to the podcast, boys.
What was your first Olympics?
Sochi?
Okay, nice. Last time the NH Olympics? 2014. Okay, nice.
Last time the NHL was there.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, it was good times.
How do you two guys know each other?
Russia was the best.
You liked it?
Yeah.
Enzo and I, introduced by the Bear Man.
Yeah, Tyson Berry.
Yeah, Tyson Berry.
Good friend of the program, Tyson Berry.
He's got the chili ones we were drinking out in Gretzky's basement in Toronto.
Oh, you were on him then.
I was on Silver Street nine months.
When I texted him, I said, hey, I'll be back in Victoria where he resides.
And I said, we'll enjoy some at VGC.
You've had the pleasure of golfing because you went to his wedding last summer.
Right, right.
And what were your thoughts?
Amazing.
Great course, great wedding.
And yeah, Tyson, all-time guy.
And Chili One's, I mean, that's the beer of the future right there.
Biz, you did nine months?
Just over nine months during the hockey season.
But he's mangled on weed all day.
So it's not like he's like sober.
He is healthy.
I'm a self-medicator with the cannabis.
I went to RA's School of Medicine. Who's sitting this one out because Will's is joining. Hey like He's healthy I'm a self-medicator With the cannabis I went to
R.A.'s school of medicine
Who sent this one out
Because Will's is joining
Hey that's fine buddy
Yeah
A lot of travel
You can't be drinking it
Yeah the booze
Is what fucks me up
Well it's poison right
It is yeah
Yeah but I love it
I do
But I really like it
Besides Pink Whitney
Yeah
As the head here
I'm going to try to
Reel this back in
And get some hockey talk
The fans are probably
Losing their minds
So we're going to focus more on Tyler's hockey career?
No, just a quick start, hockey here.
No, this isn't live, so we can take something out if you want.
Enzo, small guy, back when the small guys weren't coming in,
you got in there, first-round pick, Buffalo.
Tell us about that Western League championship
that led to you getting drafted, or was that after draft?
That was before.
So the year before I was drafted we um we won the dub championship we lost the mem cup final uh but great team i mean we had derek dorsett uh chris russell darren helm uh willie
dejardin was the coach um yeah what team was that medicine at tigers okay nice yeah i remember uh pittsburgh cup final
darren helm he was on detroit i was like oh shit he came straight from manhattan really right into
that i didn't know much about him and then he turned into a hell of a player he was trucking
people to two cups um but just great kind of old school team, junior team, just kind of grinded it.
Loved each other.
I mean, we were a good group.
We still hang out.
I mean, there's like 15 of us going to Medicine Hat to chill in a month.
So it was a really tight group.
You can do the mushroom treasure.
That's not.
No, no.
It was beers.
No hills to run around in Medicine Hat.
It's just beers.
Yeah, what's Med Hat like?
Just small? The best. The best? The best, yeah. Slow pace? beers. What's Medhat like? It's just small.
The best.
The best?
The best, yeah.
Slow pace?
Have you been to Medhat?
Great water slides when you come out to the mountains from Saskatchewan.
So it's a little.
You get through Medhat.
A little.
Usually overnight there.
Yeah.
Water slides at the travel lodge.
It's a little oasis.
You drive.
You're driving down.
There's nothing around you.
And then Medhat just appears out of nowhere.
Great place.
Best people.
Selling out every game.
Yeah, we had 4,006 seats, and I played there four years,
and we sold out every single game.
Best thing in town.
So your draft year was the year you won the dub.
No, I was a late birthday, the next year.
Oh, okay.
And did you have expectations of going in the first
round like had you had you been hearing enough through the agent and the combine where that's
where you expected to go yeah but for me it was weird like i i just kind of i walked on medhat
as a walk-on really so i wasn't drafted in junior i was super small i just kind of grinded it all
the way there and then we had a really good team and i just kind of grinded it all the way there and then we had
a really good team and it just kind of happened really quickly and then we won and the next year
i kind of took another step and happened quick next thing i know i'm like rated to go in the
first round and um so it happened super fast so for a So for a smaller guy that's like walking on to Medhat,
did you ever consider college?
Or was it like as a Western kid, you're like, oh, really?
Yeah, I mean, I was, I mean.
You couldn't have done college.
Hang on.
Half for working there.
A couple clicks.
In my head, I was like, okay, I'm going to go to college now.
Realistically, I didn't have the grades.
But the plan was, okay, you don't get drafted to the dub.
You got to start thinking college.
So I was like, okay, where am I going to go?
I loved Marty St. Louis.
He went to Vermont.
I was immediately thinking, okay, I want to go play for Vermont.
Really?
Small guys.
Olympic ice up there.
Not tough academic standards. Yeah, perfect fit for you so that was the
plan and then lots of my dad was like my dad was like why don't you go try out for medicine hat
show them how good you are and prove it to them and then make a decision no expectation just go
show them like they messed up like the dub
messed up how'd you get invited there like what was specific to i think well so medicine at one
i think the year before that with clark mcarthur and stuff um they won and so willie was the coach
they had they had a smaller team so that that was basically the influence. They were good, and they weren't as prejudiced for size.
Yeah, they'll give a guy a chance.
Exactly.
So my dad was like, go prove your skill and then make a decision.
And it worked out.
And Medicine Hat was the best decision I made.
I love Medicine Hat, and I owe a lot to that city, for sure,
and that organization. Yeah, you played with Spurgeon. Was that in Medicine Hat and I owe a lot to that city for sure and that organization.
Yeah, you played with Spurgeon. Was that in Medicine Hat or was that before growing up?
Another small guy that went through a lot of adversity to finally make it.
Yeah, and he's nasty.
So much, yeah. So Jared and I grew up together since we were five years old,
lived across the street from each other.
Really?
Yeah. So played on every team together, walked to school together, the whole story.
Great, great story.
Two guys that were super small, got cut from teams, you know,
just grinded together and just really close best buddies
that just kind of helped each other make it in different ways.
Street hockey every day, you two.
And my path was super tough, but Jared's was even harder
because, like I said, i kind of got when i
was 18 i was like oh shit i might go in the first round jared was like still grinding played as a
20 year old in spokane always the best player but no one noticed because he was tiny won a mem cup
still didn't get a lot of, drafted late by the Islanders.
They didn't sign him.
Wow, I didn't know that.
Oh, yeah.
He's got a crazy path.
So he was thinking of going to Europe as like a 20, 21-year-old
because he was like, yeah, there's nothing for me.
And then got a tryout with Minnesota at the Traverse City Camp.
Played well.
Minnesota gave him like a small deal.
Played in the A for like 20 games.
They called him up and he never went back.
And he's captain now.
Yeah, captain now.
We love a story like that.
It is awesome.
But he grinded.
But he was always the best.
That's what's crazy about hockey.
Jared was always the best.
And it felt like for so long, the only people that knew that were his family and my family.
Yeah, if he's 6'1 that entire time, he's going top 10.
100.
And you're seeing this as 5, 6 years old growing up.
You're like, this guy can play.
What are these people doing?
And you probably thought it for yourself too.
Like, I can play.
I don't get this.
Yeah, it's tough.
I mean, it was tough, but you just kind of keep grinding away,
and it worked out. But yeah, fun was tough, but you just kind of keep grinding away and it worked out.
But yeah, fun, fun path.
Was he open to you about it?
Like, was he like pretty frustrated at the time?
And then like seeing you had the success, was he, were you guys that close where he was bouncing all his frustration off you?
So we were so like, it was crazy.
Like he, I would have success and then, and then it would and then he would have success, and it would stop.
And we were such good friends that we were just kind of always
helping each other.
And hyped for each other.
Super hyped for each other.
Always hyped for each other.
Always knew each other.
We're really good.
And yeah, so I mean, we were each other's support because we would get cut,
and then we would just kind of do it together.
So it was pretty cool.
We don't want you sitting there too long, Mark, this first-ever crossover,
so we're going to shoot right over to the snowboarding.
I want to know when you guys started talking about, like, roller hockey.
Well, I'm saving that.
Hey, hey, don't steal this don't
steal the real scoop on me early mark let's talk about you and your snowboarding does size have
anything to do with you getting into snowboarding instead of hockey like did you play up into a
certain age and you were just better at snowboarding buddy i was playing triple a hockey
till i was like 12 or 13 had a shit coach really nice guy but you don't in saskatchewan they just take it way too serious at
a young age i think that's everywhere now oh yeah but back then i think it was a little bit more fun
elsewhere if you're in saskatchewan more nhl players per capita right so hockey parents are
a real thing there even back in 02 you know when i'm playing and i have this really intense coach
i'm an assistant captain of this peewee triple a team and i step on the ice i don't have my
neck gator on it makes me skate for 45 minutes oh yeah looking for them like and i was already
getting some opportunities through the snowboard world. Okay. Because I was snowboarding since I was five years old,
but it was more of a weekend thing.
And then, yeah, I was just like, fuck that.
Excuse me for not knowing.
Is Regina like...
But I love the game, and I still follow it closely.
Some of my best friends are in HL.
Is Regina like, is there big mountains there?
Is that a ski there?
Is that the Canadian rock?
I'm Canadian.
I don't even know.
I've driven through it.
It's not just schedule, it's just flat.
No, it is flat.
It's just green firms, green firms, green firms.
And then it just drops into a valley and there's a lake in the bottom.
And that's a lot of the skills.
And that's enough to learn fundamentals.
If you're psyched on it, there's parks at all those little hills,
and that's kind of what I do.
I ride slopestyle, which is jumps and rails, figured it out at a young age.
And it was cool.
Like hockey was tough because you're just only with these donkeys your age,
but then you go hang out with all these older kids.
You're learning things.'re you're growing up
quicker and then i just started getting opportunities and i was starting in five years
old 15 years old i was a pro snowboarder since i've been 15 i'm 30 half my life that's so so
you're watching actually like say you're like seven years old at these but there's 14 year
olds that you're learning from and then you ended up becoming the best in certain things yeah yeah yeah you're growing up off the snowboard too i know for sure
so you said five years old was when you started on the snowboard yep but like what was i when i
started playing hockey too no i know but like so who got like how did you get involved did you see
some of those mixtapes okay so this is really lucky my neighbors um that grew up next to us they were quite a bit older than us but they were big skateboarders so
they gave me a skateboard when i was super young that's like the first thing i got sponsored in
was skateboarding but our winners are too long in canada so i just transitioned into snowboarding i
was loving it i was snowboarding a lot playing hockey a lot and i just you know
i don't know if i made the right decision but i think i did yeah i'm pretty sure you did you know
there's a lot of if you play in the show you're staying in north america 90 of the time couple
exhibition games whatever dude i do laps around this world. Where's the funnest place you've been?
I've met so many, and I've experienced so many different cultures.
But like I said, some of the funniest guys I know, best guys I know.
Oh, hockey boys.
Yeah, hockey boys.
And I'm still very attached to the sport.
I'm sure snowboarders are the exact same way.
You've probably been more late than that.
Oh, you guys would love them.
We've got to get more boarders.
Well, I don't know the name. One of the best documentaries ever is about a snowboarders are the exact same way. You've probably, you guys will love them. We gotta get more boarders. Well, I got,
I don't know the name.
One of the best documentaries ever is about a snowboarder that was traveling.
You know which one I'm talking about,
right?
Who were your influences?
Like we don't know much about it.
Like who's the,
who's the,
uh,
the surf,
any great Slater,
great athlete.
Yeah.
Kelly Slater is 52 years old,
still on the world tour.
He's just like,
you,
you feel bad if you're having a beer around him.
The guy is just perfect. He's a machine. but then he actually came in on a tequila company and he said he does like good and yahoo um so who would be the version in snowboarding who kind of
is just that standard who maybe you know was that the guy you well you know you have slater you have
tony hawk and in snowboarding, Sean is the biggest name.
The redhead.
Sean White, yep.
But he hasn't given back to the sport like a Kelly Slater or Tony Hawk.
Wow.
He's a big guy.
Travis Rice has given back to the sport a lot.
But Craig and I kind of take that upon ourselves.
Us as brothers, as Canadians, as big names in the sport,
we try and give back in the ways we can.
And Craig's
more on the gift-to-gab side
like you boys.
He's done some good things.
You're probably...
Do you think you're a better hockey player than Bill?
Oh my God.
Now here's the thing. Toughness-wise...
Toughness-wise... Well, I don't even play
ball hockey. I got no ankles. Toughness-wise, he owns me.
So that's a big part of hockey.
But if you actually want to have the puck and not turn into a square and move it up the ice, you take me.
Well, Whit fought, too.
It was just the puck.
Yeah, I just fought.
I couldn't fight my way out of a wet paper bag.
This is the perfect segue.
You bring up ball hockey.
Biz has the worst ball hockey team in North America.
But this is the guy.
This was my secret weapon.
I was trying to tell you I wanted to sign.
On feet or rollerblades?
Feet.
Whoa, really?
I just did some pretty hardcore feet ball hockey, yeah.
Harry Ryan said he's the best player not on the Canadian national team.
I'll give you my spot, and I'll go healthy scratch on my own team
just to give you a spot on the big list.
I'll come for sure.
I was just playing, so I don't know.
No, they're all feet.
But I'll come.
Now he's retired, just retired, just finished up in Switzerland and Germany.
So he's in London in September, big deal select.
You could get a title if you bring him in.
Okay.
Wow.
What made you hang him up?
Like, was it just you weren't feeling good in the body?
Ball hockey?
No, no, ice hockey.
You got absolutely rocked.
I just kind of was done.
I was just done.
Everything was finished.
I got hurt in Germany.
I was playing in Germany.
I fucked up my neck.
You got a sick lip.
Did you get run over?
No, opposite.
Did you get run over?
Yeah, it was a...
You don't hit in Europe as an import what are you
doing it's an outrageous clip if you see the clip you'll be like that's so stupid but you just tried
to just kill someone kind of a weird one i was like i went full like uh ray mysterio like i
basically like jumped and like i like did a crazy choke slam move, but I got the worst of it.
I ended up with a neck brace.
So I realized I can't be doing Rey Mysterio moves in Germany
when I'm 34.
No.
It's over.
It's over.
Bad luck.
I go, what are you doing, bro?
I'm doing treatment in Hoffenheim, Germany
with a neck brace on,
and elderly women are doing rehab
with me and I'm like,
this is time.
You got to trust when this is the time
and I'm like, okay, this is the time.
You had your moment. That sounds like
what your moment was like.
He made it seven games in his last
season.
Mine was
one game in Sweden
on the road we started, minus three
or minus two.
Two nights later, home opener, minus three
in the first period, including the biggest
pizza of all time. Then I got to the bench
and I said, hey, I'm done.
The guy's like, what?
I was like, that's it.
I remember.
Like you said, I was so just done. I'm at that's it. I remember. But like you said, like you said, I was so just done.
I'm done.
Mid-game is just classic.
And I sat on the bench for two periods just rooting the boys on.
I remember DJ Smith was my coach in Ottawa, and he was like,
when you lose the raisies is when you can't play anymore.
And I'm like, raisies?
What does he mean, raisies?
And he's like, when you don't raise the puck anymore when you shoot it,
you're done. And I swear to God
I was in Germany, and I was like,
I couldn't raise it. I was like, fuck, I haven't raised
the puck in four games.
I can't lift it. Every time I
shoot it, I'm just whipping it along the ice.
I'm like, I'm done.
It's amazing. It goes so quick, too.
You're like, it's over. I can't even raise the puck anymore.
The Razz raises are gone.
We might have to rethink this Big Deal Selects invite.
I'm not good anymore.
But was it something where, I will say, part of that,
I called my dad right after the game, and that was the emotional part.
Did you have a moment after where you were like, wow, it's over?
Or was it more just?
Mine was a bit of a slow bleed.
I mean, for me, it was like...
I mean, I went to Switzerland
because I like Switzerland.
Best country in the world.
I never thought I'd end up in Germany.
Yeah, did you not get an offer
to go back to that Bern team?
No.
Really?
No.
Couldn't raise the puck.
The alarm bells are going off there.
When you're not getting calls to go back, you're like, okay, maybe.
Point of game in Switzerland, still not getting a call.
Yeah, so I don't know.
It was time.
But, I mean, you did great.
We don't want to talk about the end.
We start in Buffalo.
That's where I met you.
You were following Conley around like a lost puppy, basically,
just trying to learn from him.
The GM's like, no!
And that's where I meet him at the bar.
Conley went off belligerent at the bar, and that's where we met,
and we've been great friends since.
Just tell us more about that Buffalo team and that city and that whole experience.
Yeah, I love Buffalo.
I mean, as a guy from Edmonton, going to Buffalo is the easiest transition ever.
They're the same cities.
It's just one.
It's Siberia East.
It's Siberia West. Both of them.
So it was super easy for me.
Great people.
Blue collar town.
Super fun hockey style.
We were playing then in Buffalo.
It was all offense.
Lindy was playing tons of offense.
So I couldn't have been in a better spot.
Timmy was my stall mate.
I was actually a pretty big fan of Timmy growing up.
So being able to sit next to him and play with him was cool.
And also he was a super funny dude.
That first year you lit up the AHL,
and then you actually had a point per game in 10 games in the NHL.
Was that call up at the end,
or was it like different games throughout the season?
I got called up in November, scored my first game in philadelphia sent back down for the rest of the season in the a
and then i got called up for 10 games uh with buffalo and then playoffs and then that's unreal
so you so it was a quick adjustment for you yeah that's cool it was quick but it was good because
like lindy was great in that he put me in a role right off the hop.
Offensive role.
I was an offensive guy.
He played me a first line, second line power play.
You know, some guys are different.
They get called up, different organizations.
You've got to grind in the fourth line.
If that happens to me, I might not be a 13-year NHL guy.
So it was a good situation.
Well, it is one of those.
It goes back to what we've talked talked before, like you call up a
skill first liner from the AHL, you put him
on the fourth line. Yeah, what is that?
You call up a third or fourth liner from the AHL team
to do that, and luckily that didn't happen to you.
That's cool. I understand if that's
your style, you know? Yeah.
But if you call up a guy, and he's
a skill guy, and you put him on the
fourth line and play eight minutes,
I don't really understand what that's about.
And that happens all the time.
Do you think Lindy's going to be a good hire for them coming back?
Same on.
Was he instrumental in your development?
Was he an easy guy to communicate with,
especially as a young guy coming in?
In hindsight, yeah.
I mean, he was tough, but after playing for 15 years
and I look back on it, he was tough, but after playing for 15 years and I look back on it,
he was exactly what I  like I couldn't have had a better opportunity for myself.
Lindy, like I said, played me on the second line, power play as a 20-year-old guy.
Didn't get crazy pissed off if I turned it over.
I mean, he did, but he didn't stop.
He would bury you. Exactly.
Other coaches...
Would he call you in if you were having a tough
stretch? Would he say it in front of the team?
I don't know if you've talked about it before, but
Lindy did have
a reputation of getting
intense. He was an
intense coach, but with me
he was super good so i got
nothing but great things to say about lindy he's like this kid's too chill i can't i can't it's
not gonna work maybe yeah he's like lindy why are you mad at me right now mcmorris is looking a
snowboard bro you don't want to get that it sounds like he's gonna be good because they have a lot of
young skilled guys that maybe need a little bit of whip, a little bit,
know that, be accountable.
Yeah, so I guess my concern was he just kind of had that experience
in New Jersey where now it's, yeah, I mean, he's still going to a younger team,
right, and it didn't work in New Jersey with probably better weapons.
So I just maybe question his older methods from the way that you're explaining,
but it seems like he was pretty good with you in a sense that, like I said,
not a lot of centering out in rage, more just communication and tough love.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the thing.
I look at New Jersey and they kind of have, they got young pieces with skill.
So I don't know, it's been 13 years or whatever since I had Lindy
and people change and develop differently.
But for me, a young, skilled guy, he was awesome.
So I think the only thing I would say was that maybe defensively,
X and O's, we weren't perfect compared to other teams.
So if that gets figured out i mean that's probably what buffalo
needs a little bit they're a little bit loose out there so and i can see biz is getting all
horned up because we're almost at the maple leafs but before we get to the leaves yeah before we get
there we got to stop in quick you stopped in in minnesota and the only reason i want to talk about
minnesota because we got to go back and you got to play with spurge there tell us how special that was for both families
yeah it was amazing i mean it wasn't a great year for me it was tough because i was super hyped up
to go play with jared that's like it was like a movie script for us we're like dude can't believe
it let's go win the cup together together. Didn't work out that way.
I didn't have a good relationship with Bruce, the coach.
It was not good.
To be
with Jared in the NHL was sick.
It was amazing.
But my time in Mini
wasn't great.
What did Boudreaux not love about your game?
Probably my height and weight.
Tough to change those things.
But, yeah, it wasn't great, but Mini's a great city.
Good time with Spurge.
Was that the first time in your career maybe where you felt like you were kind of,
like, maybe not getting the opportunity because of that size?
Or, like, had there been other times
in like growing up where it was kind of like a pigeon toss because well i was used to that growing
up because like that was the prejudice my whole life but once i got to the nhl and i was playing
like my best years were the early years so i was like okay i got over that hump yeah it doesn't
matter now yeah and then it didn't because then i went to minnesota and
i knew that it was it was an issue with bruce was it a sign or a trade it was a trade it was a trade
it was me and marcus felino for palmonville and oh that was that deal and scandela it's crazy
though that obviously the gm at the time who would have been fletcher fletcher he brings you in like
i always wonder why don't you maybe discuss with the coach?
Dude, that's the craziest thing.
The coach could have been like, I'm not going to play him.
It's the craziest thing because the first day I met Bruce, Bruce goes,
hey, Tyler, blah, blah, blah.
He goes, you're not going to get any bigger?
The first thing he said to me.
Oh, shit.
You're like, no.
It's the first thing he said to me.
It's a hollow opener.
24 years old.
I thought he was joking. So I was like, oh, yeah. And then he just walked away. I was like, oh, no. It's the first thing he said to me. It's a hollow opener. 24 years old. I thought he was joking.
So I was like, oh, yeah.
And then he just walked away.
I was like, oh, shit.
And it turned out to be, you know.
He was laying it down for you.
A bit of the case, yeah.
I mean, I did play loose, but that wasn't the reason.
But you played hard.
I definitely played hard.
You played hard.
For sure.
So that pissed me off.
That was tough, especially because I needed to be good then.
That was like I was coming off some bad injuries.
I was super stoked to play with Spurge.
And it was an important year for me, kind of like a
Make or break a little bit.
That point in your career where you're like you either succeed
and you keep going or you start to taper
off yeah that was kind of the beginning of you know tapering yeah i had to fight to get it back
so yeah it was uh but everybody goes through that i mean every player goes through
situations like that you know here it is i was gonna say a nice segue over to mark would be
maybe some set
yeah let's talk oh no just like just snapping around you talk about that being a setback i'm
sure you've had plenty in your career injuries is probably the number one thing for snowboarding
like how many injuries or surgeries have you had yeah injuries and then also just wait you were
talking about documentaries about snowboarders you got a you got a documentary about mark really what do you got here no but it's a
one in 2014 that was made i think it was made with cbc which is called making your mark
and then one in conjunction with red bull and cbc for the 2018 games called unbroken because in 2017
i just absolutely wagged a tree.
Really?
No way, no.
Holy shit.
Almost lost my life for sure.
Bunch of days in VGH ICU.
Really lucky that I was able to actually recover from that and not have hella permanent damage.
What trick were you trying?
Where was this? was this kind of
zigged when i should have zagged and um my edge dug in too deep on this backcountry jump and i just
hit a tree out of midair 17 bones at one oh clean collapsed lung not not good wouldn't recommend it
a medevac like helicopter to a cra? Craig McMorris actually saved my life.
He had a sat phone with us and got the heli in there.
And you have 90 minutes when you rupture your spleen.
And they got to me like that.
I heard it was the 82nd minute.
Do you remember anything?
Were you knocked out?
Well, I just remember fighting, fighting, fighting, fighting, like trying to stay alive.
And as soon as I heard the blades, I just night-night.
Yeah, they're here.
Yeah.
Oh, my God, dude.
Holy fuck, dude.
That's insane.
But, yeah.
Was it hard?
As an age, just to kind of circle back to what Tyler said,
that I live in a young man's sport.
And it's crazy what like people think and say
and you you have to be dodds you know like you've been hurt too much even
and even leading into the 2022 olympics and all the events leading up to that people are like you
should just stay in the back country and just film. And if you actually have your mindset on something, you just got to go do it.
Yeah, you're not stopping.
And you wanted to play in the NHL more.
And I wanted to go more to Olympics.
And that's what I'm doing.
And even since I've been in Edmonton, I've been at like game one in Van,
game seven in Van, been at pretty much every game at home for the Stars,
here now.
We're doing this thing for NHL. Craig and i are miked up on the glass tomorrow i agree we i we love the game it's
summertime i'm not going snowboarding until i go to chile in a couple or in a month um it's it's
like every single person in edmonton are like you're gonna go to another one like you're you're
hanging it up right even connor saw him in the friends and family lounge the other night he's like
he's like aren't you done haven't you made enough money i'm like coming from you bud yeah
how long after that accident were you off your snowboard and was it hard after like
there's got to be some yeah it's got to be something in your mind after yeah okay so yeah how do you get back in the saddle i've asked this question a couple times um when you
heal physically you heal mentally of course when i got hurt i'm like fuck this i don't want to do
this anymore but that's just you talking to yourself because you're literally on your deathbed and then you get back in physio
five days a week six days a week and you start to heal physically and then your mind starts to heal
and then you start missing what you used to do and then you're like damn i want some more of that
oh let me ask you what so like nhl you're injured you have your pa insurance they're covered and
you've made a lot of money.
But are you paying for all that?
That's why we give kudos to them.
To Red Bull.
Fucking shout out to a couple of Red Bull boys.
Yeah, a couple of clicks.
There we go.
They're insane.
They treat us like we play in the, not even the NHL, the NBA European Soccer League.
But they're German.
Cristiano Ronaldo.
Yeah, Dietrich.
Let's see your six-pack.
Dietrich was super good to me.
He owned Red Bull.
He signed off on every contract I've ever had.
And when I would get hurt, he'd put me up in a beautiful apartment in Vancouver,
and I'd go to the state-of-the-art rehab facility
called Fortias, which was where I'd see Nuge every day.
Nuge's brother would help.
I worked out there.
Amy and Moroney.
I saw you there, too.
Yeah, Raptors were there.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And, like, everyone was there, golfers, everything.
Underwater treadies.
Celebrini, right?
The way he would draw what was going on in the body on my body,
you're fucking speaking Chinese. Is this Celebrini's right? The way he would draw what was going on in the body on my body, you're fucking speaking Chinese.
Is this Celebrini's dad?
Rick?
I think that they're brothers, aren't they?
Rick Celebrini.
Who was a?
Well, Macklin Celebrini is going to be the first overall pick,
and his dad has worked in body.
He worked for the Golden State Warriors as a physio.
But they're from Van.
Anyways, all the best.
They had a line of
it was like surgeons physiotherapy massage therapy personal trainers and you could see everyone in
the same day and they brought me back from my femur when i hit the tree from pretty well every
injury they opened in like 2013 and they closed down in 19 so like my two massive injuries i was at fortius every day and
red bull would just make it so that's awesome and that's awesome yeah they're just they have
made action sports like this yeah and they treat it if you're on red bull i don't think monster
rock stars they're like hopefully you'll be back at the after party now like where red bull
oh no i hope we don't have rock stars a sponsor coming up you should have got him on red bull
instead of going to manhattan that's what i was going to say red bull they yeah um pitts auto
was there and said they treated you austria or in austria at Red Bull HQ, and their rink and facility for a pretty.
That's the Austrian hockey league.
I think the big deal is.
If you go there and play for Red Bull, you're living the dream.
Oh, yeah.
It's unreal.
I think we're going to go there for a big deal selects training camp, Tyler,
so I hope you're free a couple weeks before.
Yeah, you guys should go play in Austria.
Go train at the high altitude.
But also, the mind frame though like you have to be
tapped to be doing these fucking somersaults in the middle of the air and then landing
so to get your mind back there after experience like a traumatic accident like that how long does
that take or do you not lose no no no i think yes of course i'm tapped in the brain but um oh yeah we know the whole world
knows that's been listening yeah we do so no like i said as you heal physically you hear mentally
um but that's what i love to do it's not it's like you guys going out for a shift i'd be terrified to
go out for a shift and get absolutely bodied by biz.
You know?
That's scary.
I'd probably break every bone in my body
if that happened.
But I have the most,
like all of us pro snowboarders
have crazy air awareness.
Any action sports athlete,
you think about the skateboarder,
kickflip backflip down at 16 stair handrail.
How the hell did you do that?
But that's what you just grow up doing.
How the hell do you play a shift in the NHL?
That's what you guys grew up doing.
And you just become comfortable in those situations.
And it sounds crazy that I jump what I jump, but like...
To you, it's not.
If you do that a lot in your life, and that's what I've done,
you get comfortable.
Maybe the stupidest question.
I like these. Do you... When you um do you when you're when you're
original thank you when you're originally you should if you listen to the show there are some
hockey players i don't expect you guys okay well let me ask you so the the crazy flips and the
tricks and like when you're trying a new one are you ever trying them and like landing in a pool
or like are you ever trying them early where landing in a pool or like are you ever trying
them early where like wherever whatever happens in it you won't get injured is that the time when
i was a little kid i'd be spent i was on o'neill before i got on burton in 2011 been on burton for
15 red bull 15 oakley 15 but before, I was on O'Neill.
And their HQ is in Quebec.
So I would hang out in Quebec a lot,
and we'd go to Circus Olay, their training facility,
and we were doing a lot of that.
And that really helped me gain a ton of air awareness.
And then I kind of did it on my own.
I had a really good idea of how to figure out tricks and do this, do that.
It was a lot of snow to snow.
But now they have these turf things that you can edge skis and snowboards really well.
So the technologies. And you jump into airbags.
They're all over the world.
But I used to kind of hate on that.
But now I'm like, I can't beat them.
I got to do it.
And I want to go to one more game.
So I got to get on it.
I got to get on the bag. So you could test things where hairband yeah with no consequence essentially
there's a little bit you can you can land on your head and it's probably gonna hurt where those
people used to be like a little soft to you yeah and they couldn't learn the tricks i could it's
like they didn't have the kahunas or the mind power to figure it out and know that when you
try that for the first time you you're going to fucking land it.
We want a good analogy.
It's the,
the bull riders who put the helmets with the cages on.
Yeah.
Don't they have to wear those?
You go back old school.
I'm saying is don't imagine the,
imagine like,
like 50 years ago,
a bull rider,
imagining a guy wearing a hockey helmet.
You would laugh.
Imagine,
imagine a hockey helmet.
Imagine Craig McTavish.
It just pushes the metal cage into your face more.
Why don't you use a moto helmet?
Last snowboarding question specific to the tricks.
What's the craziest thing you've been able to accomplish?
Did you ever invent a move or something where you became like,
that's the Mark McMorris move?
Yes, I have invented a trick that became like a staple in our sport if you wanting to do well
in the events that i do and it's funny how like i like did it in 2011 and then every single person
had to know how to do that trick it's like the michigan in now. Yeah, that guy learned how to pick the puck up. You were the guy.
What was the move?
It was a backside triple court in 1440.
First person in the world to land it.
Holy shit.
Can you try to describe it to a hockey fan?
Are you regular foot or goofy?
I don't even know what you mean.
He's just goofy.
You put your left foot in front of you. Don't tell me you've never stepped on a skateboard. I don't even know what he's just goofy but your left foot in front of you don't tell me
you never stepped on it i i don't trust the skateboard imagine imagine right now how you'd
get on it say it would be awkward as on both sides i think i would put my left left on and
use my right to to power okay yeah so you're normal so normal or to whatever to fucking do
okay so you stand regular so say you're going
off the jump you're standing left foot forward and then you would turn your back so you'd spin
backside so to your right triple going off the jump this way and then you're leading with your
press way yeah no way okay three of them three fucking times four rotations and three flips but now it's like getting
to almost the point where it's like acrobatics and these people that spend their whole summer
in china asia uh or japan or australia and just do that all summer and don't come to nhl games
and have fun they're it's they don't even know how to edge if you drop them
off in a helicopter they're never going to get down they like specialize but their acrobatics
are here so that's what our sport has sort of like kind of like mcdavid in in a sense for hot
yeah but no mcdaw mcdavid's a real hockey player he's saying that they can do it when they're aerialists
that china's like hey you're really good at gymnastics you should learn how to just get
down this in run and get off this jump and you will do the best tricks you can but there's more
that goes into it yeah snowboarding is much more yeah i know what you're saying thank you i know
exactly what he's saying like like it's somebody who can master it. He thinks I'm speaking Mandarin.
No, no, no.
I get what you're saying.
I'm fucking listening to you.
Well, no, but you, the McDavid comparison was brutal.
Well, I meant more like, yeah, they're doing all those tricks.
You're talking about like an Instagram skill guy.
But he implements it in a game where you're saying it.
Yeah, because he's a good hockey player.
Both their names start with Mick, too. So good job there, Chris.
Sorry for ruining your day.
I don't want to put that on McTitties.
Yeah.
McJesus.
Well, you said...
I don't think he likes that.
He ain't dusty.
Not at all.
Well, I meant like he's dusting by guys.
Like, you know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
He is dusting by guys.
Perfect segue here.
We're going to jump right back to Tyler with the Edmonton Oilers.
You got to play with McDavid.
Before that, you did play with Matthews.
Can you give a little comparison on both players?
Any similarities, big differences in both those players?
I would say the similarities are that they're so unattainably good.
You know what I mean?
The first time I saw Matthews, it was just a skate in toronto
and i remember like i was drafted as a skill guy my whole life everyone's like
you got so much skill you know i skate with austin and i was like what the hell he's way
more skilled than me and he's six foot three jacked and he shoots the puck like josekic you
know what i mean so you're like this is a different beast right here he's got patrick
kane skill shoots the puck so first of all just their natural talent is crazy connor same deal
first practice with connor you're like that's not a human you know what i mean? A mutant. And then on top of that, you guys probably all know the guys that are the best of the best.
They're different off the edge.
They live it.
Yeah, they live it.
It's their life, and they're the best at eating right.
Before you even know, I didn't know what a carb was until I was 25.
You know what I mean?
I didn't know.
Besides the ones in the beers. Right, but I didn't even know what a protein or a carb was,. You know what I mean? I didn't know. Besides the ones in the beers.
Right, but I didn't even know what a protein or a carb was, blah, blah, blah.
Those guys are getting treatment, you know, every day.
They're just so dialed in, and they just want to be the best.
You know, for me, making the NHL was the goal.
For them, being the best is the goal.
So those guys are different.
They're different animals.
I love what you say about
seeing them at summer skates because same thing when crosby got drafted i was going to pittsburgh
camp and it was more about like i just want to see him play first scrimmage or first time he was
like warming up in a in a you know exhibition game or practice in camp you're just there's you
those people you see it yeah you it could be 10 seconds
you're like what the fuck am i watching yeah it's good you're like okay i got three years left
i gotta get on this guy's line you also had eichel too right so had eichel right off the bat yeah
yeah yeah um i want to go back to ryan o'reilly and him after but i was gonna ask you said your
experience in minnesota wasn't good did you find joy in playing again quickly when you were in Toronto?
100.
Like right away?
I loved Toronto.
Toronto was the opposite of Minnesota.
So Minnesota to me was a dream to play with my best buddy.
I would say the locker room wasn't great.
Where it needed to be.
It wasn't like a team where it was all boys.
I went to Toronto, and that was different.
Everyone was like this.
We were having fun together.
We all got along.
And you don't all have to get along,
but you have to enjoy being at the rink together.
So Toronto was a little bit like,
it was a moment where I was on a small deal and i toronto always signs a bunch of guys to small deals and basically you got to make
the team right or they can just put you in the marlies and yeah they don't care yeah they don't
care so it's basically a tryout so it was it was great to make the team and then be a part of that
team because that that group is a quality group of guys.
Was Phil there?
Phil was not there.
No, Phil was not there.
But I loved Toronto.
Loved it.
Yeah, I mean, we're out here in Edmonton.
We're here.
I don't know when we'll air this.
We might never air this.
These two guys are nuts.
But it's the oils.
We're down 2-0.
Does McDavid have it in him?
Have you seen those qualities of this team, Dreisaitl,
that they can turn this around and still win the Cup?
A hundred percent.
I mean, it's Connor and Leon, you know.
And it's up to them tonight.
This is game three morning.
It's back in Edmonton.
And Haim's the on the doorstep.
He's the backboard.
He just sits there.
Just bank one in off him.
You could get 50 playing with him.
I mean, that being said, I haven't seen anything.
I've been in Europe.
I haven't seen anything, but it's Conor McDavid and Leon Dreissel.
And you're coming home to Edmonton, the best crowd in the world.
I think they're going to wheel tonight.
You think so?
If they don't, there's a lot of question marks.
What do you guys think?
I think they win tonight.
My thing has been, and I've said this 15 times,
but it's Malcom Crosby in 09.
They came back down 0-2 after losing the year before,
and they took over.
And it's like these are the two guys that you look at these two as,
and can they go do the same thing?
That's what we talk about seeing these greats 10 minutes in.
You know something's different.
They're different, and it just comes down to can you do it on the biggest stage.
So I believe they can.
I don't know if they'll win the series, but I think tonight they show up
and just put on a performance for the ages.
Now, if they lose 6-0 and this interview comes out, it's an all-time clip,
but I'm going to stand by my idea here.
You've got to trust the gut.
You've got the gear on.
Yeah, exactly.
I played here, sort of.
We were an AHL team, but I was playing on this franchise's roster.
Who would you say was the most instrumental part of your career?
My parents.
Parents?
Yeah.
Did your dad play?
No.
He was a ball hockey legend.
Really?
Yeah, a ball hockey legend.
Can he still play, maybe?
For sure.
Did he play national team?
Did he even have that?
No, but I think he was like all-time legendary scorer.
Never skated, though.
No, I don't think he had skates until he was like older.
Did he grow up in Edmonton?
Yeah, grew up on the west side.
So Edmonton's ball hockey culture is...
Yeah, it's hardcore.
Wow.
But yeah, ball hockey was so much fun.
I love ball hockey.
And it probably had a lot to do with your skill.
Right?
For sure.
For stick handling and conditioning and stuff.
Dude, you just see this guy's hands.
We were buckled in Troy in my garage.
It's like two in the morning.
And this guy's picking up the puck
and doing all these tricks with it.
Rob Schrempi style shit.
Yeah, I'd never seen anything like this.
It was incredible.
His hands are ridiculous.
Well, what's cool is that.
This was after 10 or 12 Pink Whitneys.
I think you'd agree that that was practice,
but you never thought of it as practice.
You were doing what you love, but you were building skill upon skill.
And it just never, for me at least it was never practice
i was just doing what i loved we were just playing for fun like yeah we it was my all my best buddies
my family we all just played ball hockey in edmonton and it was crazy like so you really
develop good hands and you develop really good conditioning i remember i stopped playing ball
hockey when i was like 17 so i was still in in junior. And I was in the NHL.
And a couple years in the NHL, I remember thinking like,
fuck, my conditioning isn't that great right now.
I'm not running around all summer.
It's because I'm not running ball hockey every couple days.
Did you stop just because you didn't want to tear something, like injury?
Yeah, because the boys start hacking you pretty hard in the shins.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, first rounder?
Oh, yeah.
Not in ball hockey, you weren't?
You take a chunk out of the shin
and you're like, nah, not doing this anymore.
But ball hockey's awesome.
I never did the inline,
the roller skating stuff,
but I heard that's supposed to be sick too.
Quick question about ball hockey.
Do you guys take shifts in ball hockey?
Yeah.
Okay, but it's like a soccer match.
You're running for a long time.
Yeah, it's kind of like soccer.
You're wearing soccer shin pads.
No blinding.
No, you're running.
Well, watching these guys in the Big Deal Selects,
they go hard, and then Merle plays ball hockey
because it's like, I mean, roller,
because it's like, roller, you're chilling,
but like ball hockey, buddy, they're giving her.
These are on the joints.
They're giving her.
You ain't great on the joints.
I got injured in the ball hockey.
I couldn't play the semifinals.
Remember?
In Vegas.
You're a buckle bump.
We play on a little mini court, too, and it's cement.
And it's just hard.
We want the sport court.
We've been talking about the sport court.
We'll see what happens.
But I think when you're on concrete and there's bumps and cracks,
you're like, dude, somebody's going down here.
And especially the clappers start going,
the sticks start flying,
and they're singing by it.
Oh, yeah.
It can get a little dicey.
Yeah.
So you're an interesting guy.
Who do you think the most interesting guy
you played with was?
And just made an impact on you
where you're like, wow.
That's a great question.
You were so drawn to him.
I had to recover from my McDavid compulsion.
No, you're like this.
Yeah, like somebody where you're like,
this guy's a different cat
Am I back to even?
Buddy you've always been up here
Tyson Berry was a great teammate
He's super interesting
You've had him on here probably right?
Yeah he's the best
Great guy, great, smart, talk about anything
I mean and Timmy
Timmy was a great guy to
Know right off the bat
because, like I said, when I was in junior,
the junior team I had, we had the best leadership.
It was like, I swear, looking back,
it was like NHL leadership.
The leaders told you what to do, you followed, you did it,
and everyone did it.
And if you didn't do it, it wasn't flying.
Right, and when I got to NHL, it was a little bit different.
But a cup-winning team wouldn't be, I don't think.
That's the difference.
100.
100.
I would imagine some egos come into it.
But Timmy, my point is Timmy was very, he was good.
Because he was old school.
But if you look at Timmy, people said he wasn't tough.
Timmy battled through so many injuries.
I remember he bashed his face open,
and he was sitting next to me on the bench after five minutes getting fixed.
He's got a bubble on.
Took face-offs, killed penalties, ran the peeper,
had beers after the game.
That's tough.
Do it all.
Like old school, but then you look at what people thought of him.
Yeah, it's unfair.
That's not right.
He was a grind.
He grinded, and he led by example.
I don't know if you heard his interview with us,
but I loved it because I know Conley from Merles.
And you just felt like he never really wanted to talk about himself.
But I felt like with us, he was able to kind of open up and mention that he was kind of bitter at the game.
And then it's going away slowly, which I was happy to hear because he was that incredible of a player.
Timmy was nuts.
He was so good.
Timmy was a guy in the first training camp I was like, whoa. Yeah.
That was crazy.
Well, we dropped a highlight clip of him that somebody else on YouTube put up
and I think a lot of younger kids,
they're like, who is this?
Like, what the fuck?
But then you get there.
Is he a kid?
Yeah.
I think it's his kid who's playing again.
Yeah, you're right.
Which brought him back
and he just said
that's kind of his reintroduction to it
where, like you said,
he had a rough chip on his shoulder
just how quickly it ended and I didn't even know or was aware that that was kind of the reintroduction to it where, like you said, he had a rough chip on his shoulder, just how quickly it ended.
And I didn't even know or was aware that that was kind of the book out on him.
Maybe he was misrepresented in how tough he was.
Well, I just think people thought he was soft because he missed games
because of injuries and stuff like that, and he was super skilled.
And I think when you're super skilled in missing games,
people think you're soft.
But Timmy blocked shots.
He played the PK. He did everything. Took face-offs when we needed face-offs ran the power play he kind of was
like the everything guy but he had so much skill and got injured sometimes that people think you're
just soft and and a skill guy yeah if you score too much or you're too fancy then they think you
can't play defense or you can't kill penalties which is just so stupid and kind of old school and he was a good
guy to learn from because he would he would be like trying to help me and when i got to the nhl
coming from such a good culture in medicine hat i remember thinking it's kind of weird like
it wasn't as tight it wasn't as where you think
you're gonna go up and it's gonna be even more of what you saw it was a little like yeah ball
licky a bit and i was like why it should be it should be even more yeah like leadership follow
everyone does the same thing and timmy was kind of the guy that was in my opinion leading the right way but if you if you
talk to people in buffalo they're not going to say that but they don't really know in my opinion
yeah he was trying to keep like the drury and briere thing going but then there was too many
like younger guys coming in that weren't on that page like for a while there when they learned from
when he learned from drury and briere he didn't really know but then he all of a sudden saw drury
like oh man this guy's a leader.
This is what I'm going to do.
And he was trying to keep that going once Drury and Breer left,
but it didn't always sink in with some of that.
And Timmy loves Drury, right?
And Drury is exactly right.
He was trying to be Drury a little bit.
Yeah, which is awesome.
But I think, like, up top, they didn't see it that way.
Let me ask you, look, lucky enough, you've made good money,
so you're not in a rush to do anything but have you thought about post-career what you'd love
being in the game at any point or have you thought about what's next i mean i love hockey but i love
other things too i've been kind of just chilling i was in which is good i think when you're done
to take a year or two and just i've been in europe hanging out um decompressing a bit
and i just talked to my agent uh a few days ago kind of like talking like you know maybe we can
get into some stuff um i'm all ears uh but i'm not gonna jump in anything that i don't want to do
yeah you know well not to be that guy i think the best advice i ever got when i was done playing
was that whatever you do next doesn't have to be the rest of your life.
Yeah, that's true.
Which I was like, I remember being like, wow, it's okay to just hop into something because it doesn't mean you're doing it for 10, 15 years, which I thought was kind of cool.
But it's great to meet.
Well, I've met you, but to talk with you and same with you, buddy, it's unreal, and we appreciate you guys.
Thanks for coming on, guys.
We have to do this again.
I have so many more snore words.
I know.
We're talking and saying the nice.
2026, we're hoping for, McMorris?
I think I should give her one more go.
I love it.
I'd be kicking myself if I didn't.
Prove McDavid wrong.
Oh, why?
Because didn't he say you're done?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
McTitties.
You're like, oh, why?
What'd he say?
That's what you call them via text? Big titties? No. No, yeah. No. McTitties. You're like, oh, why? What'd he say? That's what you call him via text?
Big titties?
No.
No, there's a new McTitties here.
Between Spin Chicklets and me.
Okay.
All right, buddy.
He's great, and I hope he wins tonight.
Mark McMorris, Tyler Ennis, thank you for your time.
We'll let you guys get over to the Moss Pit.
Let's go Oilers.
Thank you so much to both
those guys. McMorris was
telling me actually after Biz, I think he was
headed down to Chile at some point
to like, I don't know, not necessarily start the season
but that was his next spot. So it's
just wild. You said before, just
traveling the world, doing that is crazy. And that
injury story, I mean, you don't
I guess watching you see how dangerous
it is, but they're so good at it that to hear what actually happened to him was wild um and it's no no l5s1 though but
i i hear what you're saying well he had a he had a naturopath or whatever you called it as well
he's he's he was looking to do a triathlon while while in recovery of that injury actually yeah
nature path.
But Ennis, I guess, spent some time in Edmonton.
We talked about that.
He's from Edmonton.
And there was some news out of the Oilers' land.
Our man, the legend Bob Stauffer, he came out and said he's hearing Evander Kane will need surgery, start the season on LTIR,
which is kind of how it looked.
Edmonton figured it would be based on how they spent
and their free agency and how good of a job that they did, kind of retooling.
And at the same time, I don't know when this dropped, but first I saw the video of the
Oilers locker room after.
It's dead silence and the cameras are panning around.
You could hear Gary Bettman on the ice actually announcing Conor McDavid as the Conn Smythe
winner.
I don't think this was played over audio. You could hear Gary Bettman on the ice actually announcing Connor McDavid as the Conn Smythe winner.
I don't think this was played over audio.
I think this is what they could hear from the locker room.
And just the heartbreak.
And I've been there.
It wasn't game seven, but I was in the room after losing a cup final.
It's the saddest place you could ever imagine in sports.
And they had video of it.
And then a speech comes out by Zach Hyman.
Kind of like you're just looking, I guess guess for somebody to say something at some point maybe people don't say anything or somebody finally
steps up he's just talking about how special the team was how he knows they'll be back and as you're
giving that speech you don't know who there was a lot of question marks and not everyone will ever
be back nowadays no matter what you don't bring back the same exact team a fan will correct me if i'm wrong
in the last 10 years has a cup winning team ever brought back the exact same roster so the speech
was good but you are wondering who will be gone they had a lot of guys return and he probably
even realized that in the middle of the speech like i don't know if this team ever will be the
back but he's talking about the base of the group and and the foundation of the entire team so still
waiting for leon to sign i think people are would love to see that done in august i don't know if it
will happen um but i was just i don't know what you thought of the video um i think the fact that
austin matthews is about to get the c and you decide to bring up your fucking edmonton oilers
out of the fucking interview is a disgrace. So you think,
you think a viral video of a team's heartbreak who's on the cusp of winning
isn't as important as a team who can't get out of the first round and when
they do get worked in five games.
So yeah,
I'm talking about the best player in the world and a video coming out of his
lowest moment as a professional athlete or in his life as an athlete. And you think it's more important to chat about a new captain of a team who can't accomplish
anything when it matters if the gloat had a supporting cast like that he'd have three cups
already dude he'd have three stanley cups she'd be my uncle i it's 300 368 goals in 562 games the
gloat is getting to see,
and you want to come out of the gate with a bunch of losers in the locker room,
and you're a Vander Kane drama?
You're a bum, dude.
There's a lot of big news coming out of Oilers Nation,
and that matters a lot more to me.
But I will agree with you.
Big news in Toronto.
Okay, we can transfer over to that.
Big news in Toronto.
I love it. I love this move. I Big news in Toronto. Okay, we can transfer over to that. Big news in Toronto. I love it.
I love this move.
I think it's probably very difficult,
and apparently Tavares is way on board
and understands completely
it's time to give the C to Austin Matthews,
but it's still got to be hard.
You remember Joe Thornton did it.
No, it's not.
You don't think that's hard?
Oh, I'd love to interview Joe Thornton.
I bet you if you got the honest truth,
it would be a little difficult to know that it's not your team anymore.
He's been working with Brad Tree Living to hand it off.
They've been working hand in hand to hand it off to Austin.
So what do you mean?
I'm thinking that they said, now maybe I'm wrong,
and maybe it comes out it was Tavares' idea that he went to Tree Living
and he went to the entire front office, right?
And he said, it's time for me to give up the seat.
If that's the case, I'm completely wrong.
I would guess it would be Tree Living.
You think they went to him?
And I would guess it would be Berube that has a talk
and at least mentions it first.
And hey, what we were thinking here is it's Austin's time.
I don't know if we'llin's time i don't know
if we'll ever know i don't know if we'll ever know i respect the hell out of him either way
if he did it on his own that yeah that takes a lot of balls that takes a lot of guts and and
putting your ego aside to give up the c right but i would imagine it was more like hey what do you
think about this that's just my opinion i don't know. You seem to be convinced that it was him that went to everyone else and said, I don't want this anymore.
This is for Austin now.
Well, I guess that when I read that him and Tree Living were working together, I guess maybe they just kind of got together and had the talk.
Somebody has to say it first, Biz.
You think it was Tree Living who was like, hey, listen, bud.
I would guess that would be what i would guess
i also i'm making it clear i have no clue i'm a talking head i'm a muppet but somebody has to say
at first biz you don't go and meet for coffee and then all of a sudden three two one i'm gonna give
up the sea you gotta give up the sea maybe maybe it was berube and and uh and he asked mitchie marner maybe that's why they met at that
starbucks in canada remember remember that photo that leaked out yep it was big news we should
have led the show off with that actually that that week that'd be a hard conversation for tree
living to pick up the phone and say hey i know dude hey but you know that that captaincy yeah
we're gonna have to take it back unless you sign this three
year extension for a million per let's keep the AAV down here pal let's all be team players no
you think that was something that came across the table no no I do not I do not back to the
event you're you just went from it was Tavares idea to he was bribed into doing it
idea to he was bribed into doing it that's back surgery to triathlon in in in toronto maple leaf's land that's uh that's toronto maple leaf reddit just inscribed in my brain um i want to i don't
know how it all went down but it's the right move given the fact that taveras has one year left and
we got the gloat i got laughed off stage when i called austin matthew got the gloat. I got laughed off stage when I called Austin Matthews the gloat.
Can we agree he's the greatest Leaf of all time?
Even at this point?
So you think that you think if he somehow stupidly got traded tomorrow
and forever?
No, but he's not.
He just signed a five-year extension.
I understand that, but you just said today, right now,
can we agree that he's the greatest Leaf of all time?
And I'm wondering, like, in five years now, I'd probably be willing to
say that, but considering
Gilmore and Wendell Clark,
Gilmore making a little bit of a run,
if he stayed in the
second round at most
for the rest of his Leafs career, you still say
greatest Leaf of all time? Probably, considering
his goal scoring, yes, I probably agree.
But if they
never have any playoff success it would definitely be a little different agreed agreed okay but he's
well on his way to being the gloat and we can agree on that uh evander kane stuff going back to
it are is it is it rumor mill that he's healthy and they're trying to get him to do surgery like
is there is there drama there?
Are they trying to force him?
I've received a couple different messages,
but you just don't know if people are messing with you.
You don't know if people are messing with you, right?
So it would be straight up rumor boys
to say that I heard that there could be a different side to it.
Who knows?
This is rumor boy city.
I trust Stoff.
That's the thing.
Stoff's dialed.
Okay, and he
didn't report that that it was maybe them trying to force him on the ir or something no he did not
okay that's just that's just that's rumor boy rumor mill um that's really all i got as far as
the gloat getting to see he deserves it uh that video was pretty sad seeing that with all the the
effort you put into a season to come to see it end like that.
And then being able to hear them presenting the cup on the ice.
But it goes back to Gretzky walking by the Islanders locker room, man.
You need that moment to say, listen, man, however far and hard we thought we pushed,
it's just not enough.
There's another level.
Florida had to deal with it the year before.
Have we talked about when the last time
back-to-back stanley cup winners had gone to the finals and lost and then had to go through that
because i know it it happened with you guys where you guys didn't pit or they did it excuse me um
i wasn't even trying to chirp you there i know and then i realized it was going to turn into one, as you said, you guys, and I was like, fuck.
But I don't know.
I think that just that feeling and seeing the room and that video,
that will be on their mind when they get back there.
I'm not even going to say if. When they get back to the finals, that feeling of despair,
just being heartbroken, they now have that in their
mind the next time they're in the cup final.
So you're also sitting there thinking, if we just won one of the first three, who knows?
It's weird to look back on it that way, considering you just ripped off three in a row, but they
weren't ready to go at the beginning of the series.
You know, they actually played well
in one of the games, the first game.
They played great.
But yeah, it was a good video.
I apologize for not starting it off
with Leafs new captain news.
Actually, we have another interview
that we could throw to,
considering he was an all-time great Leaf.
And we interviewed back in Toronto
with the Gretzky house during the All-Star game.
We did a bunch of interviews, and we had kept ripping them off throughout the season. And Gary Roberts back in Toronto at the Gretzky House during the All-Star game. We did a bunch of interviews. Then we
had kept ripping them off throughout the season.
Gary Roberts had been on prior.
So this was evergreen. So we saved it for the
summer. We're talking Leafs.
We talked to Gary Roberts, who trained some
of the best players in the league and goes in-depth
into why he does what
he does. It's just a great time
seeing him again. He always
actually brought me a
big bag of um what was it granola instead of eating your cheerios and you know i said gary
can i put this in in uh yogurt that i buy my for my kids that have mms attached to them
which seems like a super healthy breakfast he's like i probably wouldn't go with with that with
that route with with this granola so and i think And I think it was a pretty good evergreen interview
because we talked to him in a prior interview
about his career.
But if you look at the way the game's going
with the fitness and the health component,
he is one of the forefront guys
who brought this to hockey.
He went through the experience himself
when he got injured where they said
it was going to be career ending.
And he put every ounce of his energy into becoming a better athlete.
And he's probably, what, like a master dietician.
And he spreads all this knowledge to all this young next generation
of hockey player, Connor McDavid being one of them.
So to get to pick his brain and see where these high-end guys are at
and what their training regimen is and how much they pour into it, much like he did.
It's fascinating.
So I think it was a good conversation
and one for a lot of you young hockey players
to understand what that threshold is
and what it's going to take.
So we couldn't thank him enough for his time
and we hope you guys enjoy this interview.
Gary Roberts.
Well, it's been a few years Since we've had this
Legendary NHL
On the pod
We played
1,354 regular season
And playoff games
For six franchises
And of course
Won the Stanley Cup
Of the 1989 Flames
He also won
The Masterson Trophy
In 1996
It's great to welcome back
To the Spit and Chickens Podcast
Gary Roberts
How you been man?
I've been good guys
How are you guys been doing?
The machine.
It's a little tight around here, right, guys?
I said, don't you guys know you're still in?
It's true for the size of our room here.
I mean, I thought you guys were big time.
It's been four years since I've been on the show.
We're trying to stick to our roots.
You know, I was always one of those nail-gun guys.
We're at Keith's basement.
Not much to talk about, eh?
I've walked in the door and I've met, I don't know, I've seen 100 people in about 700 square feet.
So you guys are living tight.
I like it.
Get your mask on, get your hand sanitizer out, buddy.
Ontario, you know, will probably shut down after today.
How did it get back on you?
Well, one of the funny things is when you were coming in,
you said you played with Wayne in an All-Star game
and you were fucking nervous as hell.
I was.
It was my second All-Star game. Wayne you were fucking nervous as hell. I was.
It was my second All-Star game.
Wayne Gretzky and Brett Hall were my line mates.
And it was good because Hall and I actually were roommates in Moncton,
New Brunswick, our first year of pro hockey.
And then we ended up playing an All-Star game.
I think it was in Philly or Montreal.
I played in two back-to-back.
I'm not sure which it was. But I was so afraid.
I said, oh, my God, I've got to get Wayne Gretzky at the puck.
Meanwhile, Calgary, Edmonton, we weren't exactly friends.
So I was.
I was scared to play with him that day.
Of course, Brett Hall makes anybody lose, so it turned out to be great.
But he did sign a stick for me after.
I still have his two-piece Easton stick downstairs at my place
with his wooden blade on it saying, hey, Gary.
Like the silver one
silver one oh yeah so you didn't you didn't feel bad asking would you ask all the guys or was it
just because it was wayne i think it was i thought it was probably my only opportunity to ask wayne
gretzky for an autograph because after that you'd be punching him in the face he probably went he
probably went he probably laughed at the game and said fucking robert stinks yeah hopefully i don't
have to play that guy's hand we're horrible you probably carry that kid again you didn't drink the night before because you're probably not
well you didn't have any pseudofat or anything for the outside probably just uh how were you
though i was okay i would just say it was okay survive survive i would say exactly how i felt
i was nervous to play with him well robs when you were coming in here i was like wicked excited
because i don't see you often i run into you here and there in pittsburgh at the rink or whatever
with your kids hockey or i i love it but like i i have such great awesome memories that
like we got we got to play with you it was when he came over it was like oh my god we got him
he changed the whole organization what did you think of when you got there playing
well you're probably thinking oh man i gotta play with sid and then you saw the other guys
the same fear i had playing with wayne sid was so grumpy if he never got him the puck at that time
right um yeah i would say i mean came into pittsburgh i remember being in florida jacques
martin wanted to trade me. Long story went on.
I thought I was going to go to Ottawa.
It never ended up happening.
Reki and Mary Lou Mew called me and said, hey, we're really interested in having you
come to Pittsburgh.
And then obviously when Reki and Mario called me that night in Florida, it was an easy decision
to come to Pittsburgh.
I was only in Pittsburgh for three years.
And I feel like I was there for yeah 15
like it is a point in my career obviously being a calgary flame being a trial maple leaf meant a lot
in my career being a pittsburgh penguin is like right up there and i was only there for a few
years like i loved you guys you guys are our youth we had a great youth that we had the group of kids
that we had uh other than me fighting with michael terrian almost every second day because
the way he treated everybody uh like we had a great great group of kids i remember saying to
ray at one point ray this is the greatest group of kids i've been around since we won the stanley
cup in calgary in 1989 when you were one of the kids when i was one of the kids because they were
so close and you guys had so much fun and i had it was like and rex was there
and rex and i had i could say i had some of my fondest memories as a pitchbrick penguin so we
tarion often comes up on our podcast so you were battling with him because like you're an old
school guy so you probably had hard coaches but you just felt it was his approach of how rude he
was to the guys like well i just felt like he was he was he was hard but he was he was he was just not not nice with the younger players like not
and in my eyes uh the the threats exceeded what he was trying to do you know what i mean for a
younger player that was trying to make it um his hockey sense like i thought his i thought his as
a coach i thought he was really good.
Yeah.
To be totally honest,
like I,
I loved his system.
I didn't want to be stuck on the wall as a winger.
I hated,
I always say to everybody,
as a winger,
the worst place to get the puck is standing still at the hash marks.
You had nothing.
And he used to always like push us up,
push the wingers up on the D.
And I used to love it because all you had to do was win that battle.
Yeah.
Either get the puck to the center man or get it in the neutral zone and it was an easy battle and you were going to if you
got to buy him you're already going yeah you're already going maybe not me but yeah you were
already going you're chipping it by um being low in the zone so i like this system i really did it
i just did i just didn't you know i'm not gonna blast them i just didn't i think he treated younger
players that well and i thought the threat succeeded what he was trying to do by motivating
them to be better players.
We were saying last night,
if there's a younger team in the league that right now is struggling,
I actually think he could come in there and switch things up.
Yeah, because he does a lot of great things.
He does know the game.
Yeah, and him and I battled because I was getting older.
Obviously, you're at that point in your career where you came in,
you were playing with Sid, and now you've got to play with army you know sid army and then no i'm just kidding me
and sid and army were alive we had a couple shit yeah we were we were a bit alarmed for a bit army's
having mcdonald's for pre-game meal rob's having a heart attack we were joking before and gary's
obviously a health nut you try to drag him to mcdonald's a few times he refused to go oh yeah like i i sat beside robs on the plane too i don't know if you remember that robs
but he brought his own i'll get to the mcdonald's he brought his own duffel bag i'm not talking like
a little carry-on it was like a fucking like commandos going to war duffel bag and he had
he had like he'd open it up yeah i ain't that shit that plain food that shit i'm not
eating that shit he had his own food pre-packed and in tupperwares he'd crack it out he'd start
eating while i'm eating the plain food but then like after games like here take this take this
you pass me all these capsules like magnesium magnesium after the game helps you sleep good
for your muscles so he has me there i'm eating like you know we had beers on the plane and
everything yeah i'm like smashing magnesium but whatever he gave me there. I'm eating like, you know, we had beers on the plane and everything too.
I'm like smashing magnesium, but whatever he gave me, I'm just taking them.
Like just a health, crazy health guy, which was great for all of us too.
I think early in our career.
And after the bar one time we were in New York city, I remember when I saw the golden
arches, I was like, Oh man, there they are.
It's your dream coming out of the bar.
And I was just like, Rob's let's go.
And Rob's is is like i've never
had mcdonald's in my life i'm like not in my life let's not carry it away but maybe i used to be a
mcdonald's guy i will not lie i will not lie shoulders like i've never had mcdonald's in 15
or 20 years or something you said and i go i was like get the fuck out of here are you serious
he's like nope and i'm like robs we're doing it we're going to m? He's like, nope. And I'm like,
Rob's,
we're doing it.
We're going to McDonald's.
Let's go.
And I'm like,
you know,
Rob's just like,
how old were you then? Like 40,
he just slaps you.
41.
And I was like 25,
24.
I was trying to pull him down the street to go McDonald's.
He wouldn't do it.
Even after a couple of cocktails,
Rob's.
No,
I wouldn't do it.
Well,
we said busy.
You weren't even in the room.
I said, yeah, you're no fast food guy.
He goes, no, no, I'll get Chipotle.
I'm like, I didn't even think of that as fast food.
I get that three times a week.
Chipotle's fast food?
Well, and then Gary brought in you some trail mix.
Yep, yep, brought in my trail mix.
Rob's was all over me.
We've told the story, eating the Froot Loops,
and I got a look.
That was so funny.
His look could have killed someone.
You're eating fucking Froot Loops. I was like, look. That was so funny. His look could have killed someone. You're eating fucking Froot Loops.
I was like, yeah, I love these things.
He was disgusted with it.
So now I got my trail mix from you.
A nice trail mix from Impact.
Yeah, I like it.
Yeah, it's one of our favorites.
Well, I was going to eat pizza because we have some pizza here,
but then I knew he was coming, so I went and got a nice-
I'm like Bugsy.
I don't eat.
Just when I have a couple beers, I just don't eat.
Oh, Bugsy.
Bugsy.
One of the best teammates ever
yeah one of the reasons i was excited to get you in again like what's um like the game's evolving
so much and you're at the forefront of like training these players what are the new things
that players are doing to like evolve their game to last 82 to to be able to move on the ice the
way that i don't think players have moved before. Yeah, like the science of the games
obviously evolved tremendously.
Like I'm fortunate to have a whole team, right?
In carryover performance, I have a whole team
of trainers.
All winter, we educate ourselves,
try to be better.
That's our vision, right?
Our players make us be better.
And to see what the players do in the summers
today, the challenge challenge the science side
of it is the challenges of a program is trying to get the players to do less i was gonna say
that you have to slow them down a little the on ice component of the game is is bigger than it's
ever been players want to skate all summer yeah and you guys know like even when you guys were
coming in as younger guys you didn't skate all summer no you didn't start your year in august if we skate a year on in august start
skating a few days a week and then ramp it up have a few game-like practices and end of august
and you go to training camp yeah now um i have a tough time keeping guys off the ice july 11th
last year i did ice and guys want to be on there two three times a week and you're against that
still i'm against it i understand it i understand the skill of the game players want to be on there two, three times a week. And you're against that still? I'm against it. I understand it.
I understand the skill of the game.
Players want to touch the puck more.
You know, dumping and chasing like us, well, kind of us three guys did.
You didn't have to.
You had some skill.
But, you know, like the skill, you just don't pick a stick up and handle the puck like the guys do in the NHL now.
You do need to touch the puck more.
And I do believe as you get stronger in the
summer, working on your strength, working on
your conditioning.
Adjustments.
Adjustments.
You don't want to have a huge adjustments by
not skating for eight weeks.
So I get it.
But managing how much volume they do away from
the, away from the rink is really, really,
really important.
So managing that in the game, players work,
you know, like we all, like, I hate saying we didn't work hard. I know. If I didn't work hard, I would never have played in the game um players work you know like we all like i hate saying we didn't work hard
i know if i didn't work hard i've never played in the nhl so i don't want to compare it but the kind
of work and the energy expenditure that the players do on a daily basis in the summer is
incredible biz talks a lot about um we were the same and and you grew up and you're doing olympic
style like overhead snatch clean and and looking back back, do you say what we say now?
Like, that was crushing our body, right?
Yeah, like if the loads were lighter and it was for speed,
we still do that stuff.
Yeah.
If it's really heavier and you're an inexperienced lifter,
it's bad for your body.
It's bad for you.
It's hard on your joints.
Trying to clean 260.
Yeah, like I said, we saw a lot of college guys right
coming out to go clean to 185 was nothing clean trying to clean two and a quarter hand clean like
hard on your joints over time um there's no doubt guys you need to be strong to play the game
there's no doubt but at some point you know the fitness becomes greater than the correct yeah
you know that guys don't want huge upper body no i noticed if you're got if you're squatting two plates and you can be in control of it you probably got
strong enough legs yeah probably three plates okay but yeah probably like when a player gets
to three plates or high threes or good enough it's good enough like stammer got to like 450
at one point early in his 20s and he didn't have great mobility in his hips. He didn't love his squat, but he was so powerful
and so fast.
And then we just unloaded on him and, and, and,
and now did it a certain level of that percentage
in speed.
And that's how he keeps his speed without risking
lifting too heavy and it becoming a problem.
So you still need to, obviously you still need
to pick shit up and put it down. At some point point in your development you need to be strong enough to play
we're i mean but then you need that's what i've noticed is it's individualizing yeah but all you
guys need and this is what my coaches are amazing well like i i feel like that too like and and your
coaches and your staff morphing and going with i'm sure do you guys have football players too and other sports
majority of our we have some executives most of our guys we're hockey yeah they got some
on the executive package you mentioned stammer that's a guy you've had your hands on pretty
much the entire time he's been in the nhl right 18 years old we were teammates in tampa my last
year how is he still fucking doing it and uh he's battled injuries think about the battle and his injuries haven't been tissue related they've been
impact related and then he has blood clot he had his broken leg he had his bang on the boards his
meniscus so he's had some serious injuries um but his lifestyle i mean it's it all goes back to how
you live your life if and i'm not saying you can't have fun. I had fun to a degree.
As I got older, I couldn't have as much fun
because I just couldn't recover.
You were a machine, bud.
He's staring at us three talking about life.
Not at all, buddy.
That's one of my biggest regrets.
Not at all.
I know that I lost my career at 30 years old.
I was done.
I was lonely.
I was in Alberta.
I was drinking my face off and I was
30 years old. And I'm like, what am I going to do? Right. A little bit of money, but definitely not
enough to retire. I'd had one big contract at that point at 30. And, uh, I just swore to myself,
I'd never let that stage in my life happen again. So I had a reason.
And I think everybody at some point in their life,
they hit some kind of wall or something happens to them that either the light goes on or it doesn't.
Unfortunately for me, I looked in the mirror one day and said,
fuck, I don't like myself very much.
And then at 30 years old, I changed.
That was after the neck.
After my neck injury.
And then I tried to come back and play i took a hit against chicago one night i lost all the feeling in both my arms
i went back to the bench and dave king says rob you can go and i said i can't go king i can't feel
my arms so that day i retired and that was april of 96 and then i took 18 months away from the game and i took four months of drinking
and went and watched the flames play one night and i remember uh being in the stands i had to leave
depressed i so depressed and then a good buddy my lauren goldenberg still
still talk to lauren yeah i'm not talking to you guy have you have you had any people like you come
about in your time now training like any players who maybe kind of lost their way a little bit not even necessarily due
to injury but like kind of like came to you were like yeah they kind of came to that point like
you did where it's a complete mindset mindset shift yeah you have to i have had players and i
won't name players but players that have had you know either mental health issues or or retired for
a few years
and didn't like what they were doing and have come back to play um yeah that that's happened
i don't know if i've had a guy that went through like the the health side of it like i did um
but for me um i learned so much about myself through that journey through that challenge
and uh why what i'm passionate about today, man,
I live it every day.
I share it every day.
I talk to young players every day
about enjoy every day, right?
Our good friend, Brad McCrimmon,
he is a sweetheart of a guy.
He used to take me to the farm in Regina,
plenty of Saskatchewan.
Yeah.
And he used to run my ass up and down these gravel
roads and we'd have 10 12 beers at night and then he'd say roy get it in before it gets too hot out
there he'd have my ass up at six and i'd be chasing his little silky shorts down the road
and he'd have his heart rate monitor on and he would bury me every day. So he was ahead of it. He was doing that stuff.
It was hardcore.
Brad McCream was one of the hardest working guys I've ever.
And such a wonderful man.
We miss him every day.
Yeah.
So I used to talk to Brad once a week and he loved the game of hockey,
but he taught young players how to work and he taught me how to work.
My dad taught me how to work.
I had mentors in my life
that uh i didn't make it because i was a skilled hockey player i made it because i felt like i was
a bit of a survivor like i wasn't going to be denied it was my mentality and if i had to fight
i would fight if i whatever i had to do and then fucking tough yeah i was just fortunate i would
say i'm grateful i'm fortunate that I figured it out at 30 and if I
just take better care of myself I may be able to go back and play what's amazing is is talking about
what you went through and it's like it's emotional even hearing it right where it was over and and
but it all led to where you are now it's like everything happens for a reason where now you
have this post we talk about post-career blues and you have this it's like without that happening
you probably wouldn't have this performance center and all these coaches
underneath you. It's, it's just incredible to see how it worked out.
Yeah. I can't agree more. I wouldn't have any of this. Yeah.
I don't know where I would be to be honest.
How many, how many guys are under, under your staff now?
So we have, uh, I've had literally had the same staff, uh, from, uh,
Adrian, my head strength and conditioning coach and Sylvie and Adrian are now
married and having babies and she's our head holistic nutritionist. Um they've been amazing they've been with me for over a decade and then
lord uh lucas is our speed coach lucas lobo i'd put his stuff up with anybody in the world really
it's amazing speed work for our guys uh our whole therapist team chiropractors so they're in the
gym so it's all one-stop shop guys walk walk in, they get fed, they get treatment,
they train, they get more treatment, they eat again.
They're like Ferraris now.
They take their food to go.
And if they're going to go golfing,
if they golf too much, I give them shit.
What's too much?
What's too much?
Well, if you're like-
Stammer plays golf.
Three days a week, two days a week.
That's too much?
Well, what do you think it's doing to the body just the best dehydrating oh fries your nervous system really like golf is a lot harder on your body i know it is then you think it's hard on my mind
taking 102 strokes when you train it's hard on his mind think that. You do a turf session in the morning and it's hard.
Then you go do an on ice session and then you maybe eat,
get a little treatment and then you go to the golf course.
If you're not fueling on the golf course,
drinking a bunch of water, eating your extra meals,
taking some snacks, you don't recover for next day's training.
And I'm not saying you can't do it,
but if you're golfing every day,
eventually that affects your gains.
And recovery.
And recovery throughout the summer.
I don't want to see guys on the beds injured in August.
I would say we don't train in June and July
to be injured in August.
So we're much smarter about our approach to training.
We send players to camp ready.
And if a guy gets hurt, my biggest,
I get upset about it.
I'm in the gym all summer.
Guys get hurt in August.
I'm like, fuck, why did he get hurt?
Why did he get hurt?
And I hate seeing players get hurt.
Because you guys know the challenges of being an injured hockey player.
It's really hard.
If you're starting the season injured, it's hard.
Your whole year is fucked, it seems.
It's hard on your head.
It's harder mentally than anything.
I feel so bad for players that work so hard and then maybe have a pull of calf
or pull a hamstring.
That's why we're really sensitive about what we do with players.
As we're getting on the ice more, you almost got to take away.
We do some footwork and we do maybe some speed sleds.
We almost take away the running.
It's tough to be skating every day and doing the running at the same time.
So it's, I mean, the sacrifice sounds like so much
compared to maybe what it was.
Like if you're McDavid, you're just on the clock.
Or if you're, I say this,
if you're trying to catch McDavid,
like if you're trying to compete against him every day
and it's June and we do shuttles and it's over eight guys eight pros in
a group it's over his group and they're all walking in i'm walking in i look back and i'm like i like
what are you doing because i feel good i'm gonna do another one what do you think the other seven
guys do they turn around and go back and do it like and i'm not just saying
connor because a lot of them work hard like i saw an interview with chris tannifon and i'd like to
say this like one of the biggest warriors i've ever played i'm not played with trained for sure
um the guy is a machine he did an over uh after hours interview the other night he's as humble
yeah and as nice a hockey player
as you could ever have on your team.
He puts his face in front of slap shots.
He's had so many injuries through impact.
He was that big at 18 years old, right?
Really?
I didn't.
Chris Tanneff's made himself a beast.
He's one of the hardest working guys I've ever seen.
He's a beauty too.
And he's a warrior on the ice.
He's an amazing teammate.
So those are the kind of guys that I've been fortunate to be involved with for a beauty too. And he's a warrior on the ice. He's an amazing teammate. So those are the kind of guys that I've been fortunate
to be involved with for a long time.
The Tana brothers and Connor and Stammer
and some of the guys have been around a long time.
And it's just, the joy for me is watching them succeed.
I love watching the game and watching the players
that I've worked with succeed.
And obviously in the winter,
I worked for Seattle and,
and,
and I've really enjoyed that too.
It's been,
it's been amazing.
And I have the opportunity to,
to have a little impact on our,
on our strength and conditioning staff there who do amazing job.
So I'm in the game enough,
but I can't be in it as much as I'd like to be,
which is playing.
Does Connor call you a lot for like advice and like things you're going on?
Part of my deal on the players and all this during the winter,
I don't really communicate with my players.
They be just because my onus from September until April is the Seattle
Kraken in,
in respect to respect to that's who I,
who I work with Seattle Kraken,
uh,
with some of their top prospects,
and then basically have conversations with the strength and conditioning staff in both Coachella Valley and Seattle throughout this season.
Well, I'm just kidding.
What do the Leafs do?
Why aren't you with the Leafs?
What the fuck are they doing?
I don't know.
He doesn't play defense.
He's right here.
He ex-Leaf legend. I don't get it. Like, what are you doing? I don't know defense he's right here he x leaf legend i don't get it like what
are you doing oh are you boys with ronnie francis well ronnie and i were teammates okay carolina
oh yeah um so we're teammates and uh yeah he doesn't he doesn't amazing obviously he does
an amazing job and and we were good friends we were we were line mates when we played together
um so i've enjoyed that relationship, of course.
And just got a other few Carolina players
that are employees there also that I get.
Robert Cron was an ex-Carolina Hurricane.
That works for Ronnie as well.
So I enjoy seeing him often.
As a competitive guy, like I know playing with you,
when Seattle got off to that slow start,
you must have been fuming
huh yeah it was just yeah i mean what's going on but i would say magnesium get the boys some
magnesium yeah we have all that stuff that makes you sleep right yeah i don't want to sleep but
i mean i would say listen i whether you think we overachieved last year or not uh the team plays
the right way yeah they play hard they play hard and they work their asses off.
And from their first line to their fourth line,
the pace doesn't fall off.
I know they're well-conditioned.
I know our staff does a really good job
individualizing programming for players.
So I know they do all the right things.
I just think, like anything, you win a Stanley Cup
and next year all the teams are a little
more ready for you.
Yeah.
The Seattle Kraken had a hell of a year and all
of a sudden it wasn't the Seattle Kraken anymore.
It was actually a really good.
We'll be ready to go tonight.
I think these guys played well last year.
These guys, these guys were successful.
So I just think teams are more ready and maybe
we didn't get off to a very good start with,
you know, we, we always struggle to score and
I'd say not really struggle, but we don't have a lot of goals for our goals against is one of the best in the league um but i say that
that earning the season we had a tough time scoring um that got better and then yeah i want
to ask you about just working with the kraken in general um in the league like teams don't pregame
like like everything's completely changed teams don't practice as much teams don't pregame skate at all ever now well most of them and it's like hit or miss a lot of
optionals um how much say do you have from your team with the with the coaches in planning out
schedules looking at games and whatever and and also can you believe the players are this soft
nowadays they can't pregame skate yeah well i well, I would say that I'd rather lift weights
in the morning of a game than pregame skate.
I like to go in and do a little lift.
See, Gino in Pittsburgh, he still takes a pregame skate
because he'd rather go on the ice.
That's what he said, yeah.
Yeah, well, I mean, everybody's different.
Some guys want to feel the puck.
I mean, when I was young, obviously,
pregame skates were good because you probably
had a couple of beers in it before you needed
to sweat it out. Right? but as you get older and smarter you don't do that stuff
and i like to do a little stretch and a lift in the morning of a game what's changed for for
looking back at least for me is growing up college early on pro every guy got the same workout and
you already talked about individualizing workouts when you were playing were you already thinking like why is everyone doing the same workout you're you already talked about individualizing workouts. When you were playing, were you already thinking,
why is everyone doing the same workout?
Were you already ahead of that?
Because looking back, it's like,
why would I be doing what Orpik was doing?
He already had the muscle.
It should have changed earlier, right?
Yeah, and it's also time, and it's also recognize
you have one strength coach taking care of 24 players.
Yeah, that's true.
And individualizing programming takes time uh
i would say no doubt that players should have some type of pre uh practice game routine that
they do that's individualized you know guys like playing sewer ball and you guys got into all that
like i was a pretty big warm-up guy right like by the time warm-up was over i was you did my
summer workouts in warm-up. I was trying to change.
You'd come in two seconds before the game.
I always used to ask Rob what he was doing in his warm-ups
because he'd be sweating his ass off.
What are we talking here?
Before the game, he was full.
Some jumps, plyos, some sprints.
He's doing these ball things.
He's shaking.
He's battling.
I'd come in.
I'd say, can I touch your abs?
He had just a little bit of skin over his abs,
and I'd rub it just to
feel good.
I wanted to put the skin moving around on his abs.
I was like this guy.
And then he's just leaky and he comes in and gets dressed.
I'm like,
Oh my God,
we don't look at each other.
That's old school.
I felt like I had,
I always felt like I,
yeah,
my first couple of shifts in the game,
I needed to,
I needed to feel the game.
I needed to hit some bodies.
And if I didn't have a hit in like
my first shift i could get away maybe okay fuck i didn't touch his soul that shift and i'm already
falling asleep here i gotta run into somebody next shift like that yeah it was on the next
shift i bump a few guys like okay i'm in it right you guys know like sometimes i feel like if a
coach sees that too he's like oh fuck he came to play he's throwing the body this early like it's
a it's a mental note to the coach like i'm ready for my yeah like i just felt like me for me that was my
job i felt like being a first four checker for me on the puck and creating turnovers was it was a
asset that was my skill yeah you know that was my skill uh so i had to do it if i didn't do it i
found if i found myself in the high slot like looking for a one-timer i would be out there
going like what am i doing out here give me the puck i couldn't be more out of place out there i needed to be behind the goal line yeah like around the
puck find the puck on the puck yeah so exactly how much work do you guys do or do you you and
your team do about not just the strength and the conditioning but actually like the game the hockey
iq part or is it more just all body work or It's body work. A lot of guys have coaches for that.
Yeah.
And I will sit with players, and some guys bring video in,
and I look at video.
A lot of players that I invite to my program,
I watch video of them before.
I'll get somebody call me, say, hey, I've got this player.
He's a really good player.
He plays here.
He's done this, all that stuff. Is that so you can see his deficiencies?
Yeah, deficiencies, but also see if he's...
If he cares.
If he's coming for the right reasons,
if he's actually...
Like, the big thing is,
I only have so many spots,
and I don't mean to say I don't want to waste time,
but if you're going to come to my program
and be pushed there
because someone else is pushing you there,
it's probably not going to work.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's kind of like, you're all in.
If you come in, you're all in. You listen to you listen to us and yes guys do some stuff on the side because they have to
because of their team stuff but for the most part we like to manage everything once you come to us
because we know how much work you need to do and if you do too much then we have the risk of you
doing too much and august comes along and you're the burnout or you're injured and now we got a
problem because now we're we're not ready for camp and you guys know although it's it shouldn't be as
big a deal as it is fitness testing still is uh you know oh it's a mind it's going away
when we first got to pittsburgh it was the best it was the oh yeah
what was the guy's name he had two two different size john well day john well day and
he'd go robs you weren't there to go uh hey go do uh as many sit-ups as you can tell me how you did
i was like 195 no when you get to 100 stop and everyone would just say 100 hand in the sheet
and they do like 20 sit-ups it was like that for basically when i went to camp i left camp when
they cut me when i was young i was like 19 or whatever 18 and he came
up to me after they're like hey you didn't do your vo2 or your uh or your sprint test or the
squat test or this test i'm like oh i'm like oh i thought i thought it was i didn't seem like it
was like i was like i didn't know he's like uh just make sure you get it done next year i was
like okay that's amazing that wasn't that long ago. You're not that old. That's 2001, 2002, 2003.
You were ahead of all of this, though, clearly.
And I think for where our organization was with Fruit Loops in the room
and all that stuff, we got an eye-opener at a good age
with good veteran guys like you around to do that.
I still marvel
at
watching Sid,
Gino, Letang.
Letang,
he didn't know how good he was.
He was really good. He was always a beast
though too. When he came to Pittsburgh
and we used to make fun of him because he didn't seem like the brightest guy
in the world, but holy shit was he smart on, too. When he came to Pittsburgh, and we used to make fun of him because he didn't seem like the brightest guy in the world.
But holy shit, was he smart on the ice.
And did he make plays.
And the way that he played the game, he just didn't care.
He tried everything.
He just had that mentality.
To see those guys still playing at Pittsburgh,
and we were their teammates, I mean, that's pretty impressive.
It's crazy.
It's a record.
I think I'm 15 years retired, and those three players are my ex-teammates that are still there. Good for them. Yeah, it's crazy. It's a record. I think I'm 15 years retired, and those three players are my ex-teammates
that are still there.
Good for them.
Yeah, it's wild.
Yeah, I just have so much respect for those guys.
And, of course, Fleury was there the longest time, too.
To play in one organization your whole career is amazing.
Yeah, I would say I played on six.
I played in Calgary for 10, but because of my injury, I started moving around a on six. I played on King Calgary for 10,
but because of my injury,
I started moving around a little bit.
So I learned from all those.
I would never change, and I learned.
But for those players to see how good they are
to still be doing what they're doing
in their late 30s.
Wild.
And I'll be 58 in May.
They were my teammates.
It's nuts.
Any good Sid stories? I just like hearing them. Well, he was just, no. He trained with you. Did's nuts. Any good Siv stories?
I just like hearing about it.
He trained with you. He came up a couple times
and I actually gave him, I gave Siv
some healthy cereal
bowl at night, living
with me and came to Oxbridge
and visited a couple days.
He woke up the next morning and said,
hey bud, how'd you sleep? He's like, god, I had
diarrhea. I said, what? He said, I don sleep? And he's like, God, I had diarrhea.
I said, what?
He said, I don't know what you gave me last night,
but it went right through me.
So here he comes to spend the night at my place,
and I gave him too much fiber.
I gave him too much fiber.
So he never came back after that trip.
Get him out of the Rob's diet.
But I thoroughly, like, I so much enjoyed playing with Sid. He made, he made me, like, I would literally go to the rink going,
holy fuck.
You've got to be ready.
Legs, be going tonight.
Because if you're not going, he's a zone ahead of you.
Even in practice so wrong, say.
Morning skates, I didn't like skating with him because I would be bagged
at morning skate because he'd want to go on, you know, Sid,
he was superstitious.
He'd want to go on a two-on-one.
And if he did it with you the game before you won,
what did you have to do it this game.
And I'm looking at him going, sit, I can't go today.
But I need to rest these babies for tonight.
But he was.
Who did we have on, the Italian kid from St. Louis?
Vitale?
Joe Vitale.
He told a story about when he was playing that dog days are over.
And Sid came up and told him the story about the summertime and they ended up going on 11 game win streak.
And Sid kept coming up to him,
tell him the exact same fucking story before the game.
And he was the DJ and he,
when he was playing that exact same song and this poor kid,
Vitaly was like a rookie in the NHL.
So we'd have to listen to him and act interested the entire time.
He was retelling it.
Well,
yeah,
you guys know,
like Sid,
there's no secret.
He was very superstitious early in career. I don't have no have no idea like i have no idea if he's still the same
he plays soccer and stuff now which is yeah so i i know i'm assuming he's changed but he still looks
the same on the ice still yeah it's incredible good i mean hey good on him like he is he's a
he's a superstar has been for a long long time and uh couldn't be happier for those guys that
they've played their whole career i I mean, we love Pittsburgh.
Yeah.
It was an amazing place to play hockey.
It really was.
But what's, and I guess Sid comes to mind
in terms of you're talking about
not having the upper body that big.
Like his legs are tree trunks,
but his upper body's never been huge.
What is that all about?
Because you still want that upper body power
in the corner and stuff, but is that?
Yeah, just the bulk.
They want, you need the strength.
You need to be light.
The key is to get the strength. You need to be light. The key is to get the strength.
You need to be light and fast and agile
and get pucks in positions that are hard.
You know, you're going this way
and all of a sudden you got to get your body over here.
You get too big and too many muscles
and you become...
I mean, rigidity is not good, right?
And I think guys just like being slight in upper bodies,
but there is a fine line.
I'll say, hey, like, you know,
Connor's not big up front.
I know. He's skinnier than you think. And his legs are skinny too. slight in upper bodies, but there is a fine line. I'll say, hey, Connor's not big up front.
He's skinny than you think.
His legs are skinny too.
He's so powerful.
From the waist down, he's so powerful.
Incredible.
When we see him run and to see him do anything heavy. Is it his alignment?
What makes that? Genetics.
Obviously, it's a gift.
I didn't give him that.
I didn't give him all that. I gonna sign up for your class since he was 58 and you're fighting my program if i could if i could clone that guy i'd be uh i'd be good but
no like he just his work ethic obviously i mean obviously his genetics but he's worked his his
work ethic is elite like elite of elite which obviously drives those genetics, but he's worked, his, his work ethic is elite, like elite of elite,
which obviously drives those genetics.
And like he, he hates being tired on the ice.
Like he works so hard in the summer so he can
skate a hundred miles an hour for 90 seconds.
And he doesn't want to, doesn't want to feel
tired on the ice.
So he works to do that.
Yes, sometimes you'd say he overworks,
but his commitment to being the best every day
and talk about Sid, those guys are-
They're next level.
They're next level for a reason, guys.
They sacrifice more than others
and they work harder than others, than most others.
I'm not saying guys, i always like hate comparing it
because i have so many players in my program that i love that work every day right and i don't like
always to remember but that's what those guys see and if you want to play against conor mcdavid
and sydney crosby and you want to compete against those guys then you better want to do
what they're doing or close to what they're doing to ever think you're going to compete against those guys, then you better want to do what they're doing
or close to what they're doing
to ever think you're going to compete with those guys.
Wow.
Yeah, those guys are, they're prodigies, right?
They're born with something that so many others aren't.
But what most fans think is,
oh, you're just born with that, like touched by God.
But they, and I don't know Connor,
but Sid, like he was so obsessed with it too it's it's not just
being born with it it's they don't care about anything else yeah they don't care about anything
i actually just saw an interview with derrick jeter and he's talking about i i never could
have had kids while i played baseball like it's like these guys it's a singular focus and as much
as you try to be like that there's some guys that you'll just never have that drive it's it's amazing
to see they're yeah well you think you guys saw it i was in pittsburgh i started i was at the
early one of the first ever in the gym doing whatever i used to be orps would come in there
and i'd say like does anybody else fucking work out on this team no it would be me and brooks
orpik in there right and but you would hear someone on the ice,
and it was like early, early, before anybody got there.
Like, who the hell's on the ice?
And I walk out to the ice, and Sid's out there passing pucks.
Nick Hanlon.
Nick Hanlon passing pucks before anybody got to the rink.
And we'd played the night before.
I remember saying, like, what are you doing?
Well, they had to kick us off the ice all the time. And he said, i didn't like my didn't like my hands last night and i looked at him i said how do you think
the rest of us feel yeah the whole team should be out here then but they had to kick him off the ice
but that's my point is like the commitment the sacrifice that he made yeah and continues to make
i'm sure to be as great as he is that's that's why he's so working on your craft working on your
craft that's what i said every guys every day work on your craft like whatever you're good at
be really flipping good at it yeah you gotta have your you gotta find your niche it used to get
pissed at me in a way because i like i would say that to like oh you're you're born like the like
you're just born with this you know like And people leave out the fact that that part of them is there.
Like, yes, they're born with a gift, but they have that,
but the other thing is there.
And that's the work ethic that gets overlooked
just because they're so good.
And it's like, oh, they must just been touched by God.
And like, oh, but he'd get pissed.
He said, I work hard.
He told me that once.
He's like, what do you mean?
It's lucky or I fucking work.
I'm like
oh yeah i guess sorry you're like sorry don't have me traded oh shit i'm going to atlanta
as the league gets younger and now you're seeing you know kids come in real early
yeah are you is training beginning younger like you know i didn't train till i was like 13 like
in your opinion like when should you start,
like I guess weight training shouldn't be
while you're still going through puberty, right?
Can the gardens be doing peptides?
As soon as you start going through puberty,
as soon as you start getting some hair in your body,
that's when you start to load a little bit.
And I'm not saying back squat 300 pounds,
but you need to start loading the body
and that everybody's different. But, you, but I have a 14-year-old,
and he lifts weights four days a week.
Would you do body weight stuff with him when he was even younger?
Body weight stuff, footwork, soccer.
Hills.
Hills.
Like body weight.
Ride the bike.
Yeah.
Just try and force your kid to be a better athlete.
And that's what I would say to everybody.
Be an athlete. Be an athlete.
Be an athlete.
You see the guys.
If you can't move, you can't play.
So be the best athlete you can be.
And whatever you have to do to that,
whether it's tennis, whether it's basketball,
whether it's squash, something in the summer
that isn't hockey, go do it.
Pickleball?
Yeah, well, for us seniors maybe.
Yeah, exactly.
But no doubt about it, the age of the players,
like my program at St. Andrews College this summer,
we'll all have 09s there.
So they're going into their OHL.
They're going into their OHL draft years.
Oh, they're a year older than my kid.
They're 14.
They're 14.
14, you're going to be 15.
We're going to be 15.
So they're going into their OHL draft years.
Okay.
So we were just in a tournament in Edmonton with my 09.
And those boys out there, I can't believe it,
are draft eligible in the WHL this year.
They're a year younger, right?
And they're a year younger.
And I'm seeing boys out there that are 110 pounds.
I said to a scout, I was sitting there talking,
looking at all the scouts.
I'm like, this has got to be hard for you guys.
He said, incredibly hard.
Because these kids could change eight inches and 30 pounds in a year.
And they're drafting at 14 years old out there in the WHL,
where the OHL is a year later.
But those are the years I start to introduce kids to our program.
So they start to see what other boys are doing.
They start to, they're there five days a week,
three hours a day at 14.
So it's an eight-week program that they sign up for.
They come and do pre-training before. And I only take,
you know, I take, the kids are invited. Like I
go watch players play
and then I invite kids. Well, you meet
the parents and then you get the crazy ones.
You weed them right out of there, the crazy parents. Correct.
And then a lot of it comes from, you know,
representatives for the players.
You know, the representative will reach out and say
I have this boy, I'd like to come and, you know,
spend the time with you. And then they get but what i love about what we do is those own eyes
get the same experience as the nhl guys they get the same coaching you get to see it start dreaming
it see it and they got to feel it this is what it's like yeah and and and and try to make david
oh yeah well like last year i'll just say like my 08 program was there last year and that was
their first year there and their training time was between 1 30 and 3 o'clock and conor badar
would come to me and say hey we got it pretty ice now and i'm like yeah meanwhile he's been at the
facility since 7 a.m oh yeah he's a rat can i go shoot some pucks and i'm like yeah yeah you can
go so he'd go out at two o'clock so it happened once happened a couple of times all of a sudden
my 08 group that's training on the platform upstairs,
they're not training anymore.
They're watching him.
And I'm coming out onto the balcony going,
hey, you guys, get your flipping workout in.
I know you want to watch him, but you guys,
you only got like a half hour left.
And they were watching Conor Bedard shoot pucks.
So just that experience for those 08s,
to see Conor Bedard out there.
Yeah, he had his shorts and a ball cap on and his gloves and skates shooting pucks.
But he's been at the gym since 7 o'clock in the morning.
Yes, he's done two workouts, had a little rest
in the Normatec chairs, put his boots on, had two meals.
Loves the Normatecs.
Had some treatment.
It's like day camp.
He's there for six, seven, eight hours.
That's his job.
That's his job.
That's his job. And they're fucking tire, seven, eight hours. That's his job. That's his job. That's his job.
And they're fucking tireless.
Tireless.
And that's what the treatment does.
And this is what I say.
The treatment saves all that.
If you over-train, you need more treatment.
And you know, all the chiros that you've been in contact with.
Yeah, I've had bad days.
He's got a new one.
They're amazing people, and they keep players healthy.
And I don't think you can play and train the way they do today
without proper treatment.
Do you guys implement Thai massages in there?
When they walk on you?
This is really big into the Thai massage right now.
They walk on you.
They work your whole posterior chain.
You know what that is.
I'm aware of that.
I'm aware of that.
I've been using that word a lot lately.
For anything, I just throw it out there.
It's a smart one.
Isn't St. Andrews similar to Shattuck?
It's like a hockey academy.
Correct.
So Shattuck was in St. Andrews this week,
and they have what is called the McPherson Tournament.
It's the one big tournament at St. Andrews College in Aurora.
And Shattuck was there this weekend.
And they're always two very, very competitive teams.
So St. Andrews is recognized as one of the top boys' school in the country.
Yeah, they have a really high-end hockey program.
And my boy went there for a bit until he came to me and said he wanted to go play in the
Ontario Hockey League.
So I sent him to Brantford.
So my other son plays in Brantford right now.
Okay, nice.
Which one's that?
Noah.
Noah, that's our guy.
Noah, when he was there.
Noah.
Oh, my God.
He's already played junior hockey.
Noah's 18.
He was playing goalie with you guys,
playing mini sticks with you guys.
15 years ago.
Noah was playing mini sticks with these guys.
He was four years old when I met him.
He was a tank.
Little tank playing mini sticks.
He was a tank.
Is he still a tank?
No, he's tall and skinny.
He's tall and skinny.
He's like me.
He's not as skinny, not as big as me,
but he's like six foot, 195 pounds,
and plays defense for Brantford.
So that's what I love to do now.
I watch my boys.
I watch my boys and my daughter, 13 years old,
is a figure skater.
So I'm like all winter.
You're in a rink.
I'm in a rink.
Absolutely.
We're watching hockey.
I mean, like I said, it's given me everything I have in my life.
So I enjoy being part of it still.
I really do.
In terms of like, you know, raising kids who played hockey,
played at the highest level,
Armie and I were talking about this with his son, Cruz.
It's hard hearing it from your dad, right?
Are there times where he's like, oh, come on, dad.
Or has he been really receptive to everything you've told him?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. I mean, I say, honestly, there's no doubt my, come on, dad. Or has he been really receptive to everything you've told him? You know what I'm saying? Yeah.
I mean, I'd say, honestly, there's no doubt my boys think I'm crazy.
There's no doubt.
No doubt that you guys think I'm crazy.
I mean, I'm not going to sit here and lie.
Are they crazier than you?
Yeah.
No, definitely not.
Because you just said it, right?
Yeah.
Guys are softer now.
But there's no doubt that I'm on my boys.
Did you have enough water today
like you can't go to the rink hungry get a good meal in you you know pack an extra pack like i
never like my wife my child would say like okay let them do it enough right but i'm like i'll do
it to a certain point and if it doesn't click in eventually you don't get it then you're on your
own okay and so i'm i'm really dedicated that way to my boys i i know what
fitness and lifestyle did for me and i try to teach them that early on yeah you're not going
to be able to get by not doing this stuff yeah yeah living right now eating well and and and
doing all the right things away from the rink and getting your sleep at night putting your damn phone
away like i'm still taking phones away from kids at night because if you're not it's just it's a
they're yeah they're a problem they're addicted to it gary i got a content piece idea we sent
ra to you for eight weeks this summer and you've hey eight seconds we can we can find two you're
gonna you're gonna move so i have dorm rooms at St. Andrews College.
You can move into St. Andrews College.
We'll feed you and train you for eight weeks.
The fire alarms better work.
What spurred your interest in it, Gary, like the health and fitness?
Was it prior to your injury?
Was it from your neck injury?
Or did someone introduce you to it?
How did you get so in-depth?
I became obsessed.
Yeah, I became obsessed because I lost my career.
But I got introduced to, you know, I talked became obsessed. Yeah. I became obsessed because I lost my career, but I got introduced to, um, you know, I talked
about Lauren Goldenberg when I retired.
I thought I was done.
I took six months away from the game.
Like I say, looked in the mirror one day.
So that's enough called Lauren Goldenberg said, okay, Goldie, I gotta, I gotta find
some help here.
And, uh, ended up going down that road of finding a chiropractor in Colorado Springs.
Dr. Michael A, he spent a week there.
I left there like with a whole new thought process.
Stopped drinking, started taking care of myself.
Came back home.
Charles Polican was a world-renowned strength coach at the time,
working with Olympic athletes.
Lauren Goldenberg is the guy.
Lauren said, hey, Charles is in Calgary.
What do you call him?
So I called Charles Polican.
And for the next 10 months, I spent every day,
most days, twice a day with Charles Polican.
Taught me how to eat.
Taught me how to train.
Taught me what to eat with what.
Taught me what fat to eat.
Taught me what to, like everything.
And he was a legend.
He could tell me every day how
many chin-ups i would do how many dips i could do what my body fat was if i was dehydrated i wasn't
allowed to golf i wasn't allowed to drink and for 10 months i i basically reinvented myself
and that's where i and charles has had a heart attack recently in the last few years he passed
away uh i've sent brad Brad McCrimmon to him.
Chris Pronger worked with him.
Al McInnes worked with him.
He's one of the best strength coaches in the world, bar none.
And that's who I learned from.
And not that I didn't learn from Lauren, but it changed my life.
And Charles taught me so much about strength training
and so much about eating.
And that's really what I'm thankful that I had the opportunity in that time with Charles
um and it's just I say it you know at times in your career you you meet people that really really
had an impact on you and Charles Polokin, Lauren Goldenberg, Matt Nickel. These people in the world that I live in every day,
they're amazing human beings and give so much to athletes.
And if you will listen, you will get so much more out of your career
if you listen to people like that because they are experts.
And I was at a point where I needed to listen to people.
I needed to change.
And if I didn't, like I said, I wouldn't be sitting here today. It would be a lot darker road too. A lot darker road. And,
uh, and all of it, I'd just say, um, I'm, I'm grateful. I am grateful every day for
the experiences and the people I've met and the teammates I've met. I mean, I have some great
friends and great memories of, of many teams that I played on and, and I miss playing every day.
Like if I had really thought I could go back and play, I played on and and I miss playing every day like if I really thought I
could go back and play I would go back and play I tell my players that you know I say guys nothing
will give you more joy than going to the rink every day and playing the game of hockey you
can act like that anywhere else in the well maybe you you guys you actually you you dorks still do
actually you guys still act like spitting chicken it's like
it's still act like a fucking idiot but but i know but you're amazing you guys have been i mean
kudos to you guys i mean you guys have been amazing oh thanks can't congratulate you enough
i love it thank you uh but this is what we miss yeah just this every day i miss him coming in and
giving it to sid because not many guys could but but he would. Or Bugsy or the older teammates I play with.
I miss those times.
So good on you guys.
I appreciate that.
I appreciate that.
I honestly still want to chuck them with people, though.
You ever get wound up?
I do still play hockey a couple days a week,
and once in a while I'll get in.
But no, I haven't been invited to an alumni game
since the Toronto incident.
Too much man.
What happened at that one?
Of 2015.
Well, you don't remember this one, man?
BMO Fields.
BMO Fields.
I'll let you guys.
What the hell happened?
We got late in the game,
and it wasn't really, you know,
we just got a little,
Cicerelli went in and gave Danny Markoff a little shot.
Then went in the corner and kind of mixed it up with Draper a little bit and he put me in a headlock and then the wires crossed and i and then yeah i basically chased him in the ice asking him to
fight at dmo fields and like dead serious no you're not a shitty hockey guy with the headlock
no he was no he told me actually he would tell, he told me to F off, and I said, really?
So I yelled at him.
I said something like.
Nothing prior.
I just said, Graper, you want to have your first NHL fight today?
Oh, yeah.
Great line.
In an alumni game.
In an alumni game.
In an alumni game.
So, I mean, don't get me wrong.
Obviously, we knew each other.
Squashed it? We, we, we have.
Squashed it.
We, we squashed.
Yeah.
We, well, but.
We could set up a rough and round for you guys. Look who's on the benches.
Like Tiger Williams was like, I, is probably still mad at me today because I didn't fight him.
He yelled at me.
Right.
Like yelled at me for not doing it.
And then you got Joey Kosher on their bench, Darren mccarty martin uh martin lapointe um and then our bench you got you know tiger corson tucker my son love bobby mcgill
uh was ty there ty was there so anyways it would have been yeah that would have been fun
so it's all it's all good it's all. But at the moment, I can remember, obviously,
Drapes and I are fine.
It's all, life moves on, right?
But my seven-year-old at the time, Sam, who's now 14,
he was slashing a guy in the back of the leg,
skating down the ice.
You're like, oh, Jesus.
And as soon as I did it, I chased Draper after he gave me
the headlock, told me to F off, and I kind of was chasing after him,
and I gave him a chop at the back of the leg.
As soon as I see my seven-year-old after the game, he says,
you know what, Dad, you're not allowed to take your stick
and just slash somebody with it, are you?
I'm like, sorry, son, kind of lost it.
Life lesson for you.
Life lesson.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Rob, just tell me always to eat nails.
Just go home and eat some nails.
That was his line.
That was his breakfast.
Always nails today.
We got a big game tonight.
Do you ever crush a pizza or an ice cream?
You ever have cheap meals or is it never?
No, I would say people that know me best.
Once in a while.
Yeah, like I drink wine.
I like some tequila.
But no beers, right?
No, I feel like a little bit of beer.
I love like a proni and barbecuing.
Guys, I still live.
But I want to practice what I preach.
Yeah, do I have dessert?
I have coconut ice cream.
Yes, we have pizza once in a while.
Who's the guy who owns Globo Jim?
No.
He's like electrocuting himself
yeah but i don't yeah i'm not yeah i
don't have to worry about gluten-free
chocolate i love dark chocolate yeah
little dark chocolate even if i have a
glass of wine maybe i'll have a little
dark chocolate glass of wine
oh you fancy i'm fancy i'm soft i'm soft
as well i am i'm softer now than i've
ever been i got a question for we did
that to me though.
Home with three kids fighting over the internet.
And like,
it's like every day,
I'm in my shower,
looking at you and go,
okay,
what are we drinking today?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Three 30 in the afternoon,
you know,
COVID did that to us on Terran's for sure.
Yes.
In the last five years and maybe where it's headed,
like what have been the biggest advancements as far as like maybe it's recovery maybe it's a diet like what's the biggest thing
that you've implemented in your programs or wherever where you're like this has changed at
all like even like cold time tubbing yeah i talked about peptides like i don't know what the fuck
peptides are no doubt nutrition is continuing to be a forefront of recovery right
nutrition will always be the forefront of recovery but stuff like uh infrared saunas
like uh hydrotherapy like cold tubs um before after the workout uh i would say well there's
all this research i know i'm looking it up i'm seeing everything for inflammation recognize
you're not trying to get big muscles you're not trying to know i'm looking it up i'm seeing everything for inflammation recognize you're
not trying to get big muscles you're not trying to know one like does it affect your growth to
go into a cold tub after a heavy strength workout yes but how hard are you working out i only do it
because if i do like today i squatted today i did a treadmill walk and then i squatted did some
pull-ups did some incline bench did some sw Swiss ball hamstring curls. So I just did a little light circuit today and I
got in my cold tub for four minutes.
I have a cold cheer or cold tub that I get in and
I really like it.
But that's just because I don't want to be sore
tomorrow.
Right.
And I'm not worried about, I'm not worried about
performance.
I'm worried about, I'm going to sit in my car and
drive my kids around for five hours tomorrow.
My hips get stiff.
My hips get stiff sitting.
So I try to do one hour a day on my body.
That's what I do.
And that could be infrared sauna, cold tub,
maybe some red light therapy, maybe a pimp
mat, like that's my recovery day.
So I would say recovery and nutrition are
still evolving and becoming a much bigger part of players' program
than it would have been.
That's what we try to,
even to bring guys to the gym and do,
just crawl for a day,
do some animal flow for a day as a recovery day.
Get a little sweat.
Like what, you just crawl around on your hands and knees?
You have to make the noises.
You know what it's like getting on your hands and knees
and crawl around like a bear for a while?
Yeah, yeah.
Imagine how tired you get.
Oh, yeah.
Do you make them do the noises?
No, I don't make them do the noises.
Get over here, Connor, McCabe.
Let me rub your belly.
But we try to do stuff that is different.
It's not just weight training.
People that think me, they probably think we weight train too much.
But that's all evolved too.
And that's what I say.
You've played with the players and
we probably you probably did i did it where something worked for you one year and you're like
i'm gonna do this every summer now right and then you do it for two three four more summers and it
works but you've got to evolve you've got to change you've got to do something different you
get older you need to modify your program to still have the success.
The bottom line is being healthy and feeling good.
And it isn't always lifting your max to do this, right?
And that's why recovery and nutrition continue to evolve in our program.
And Sylvie spends a lot of time with players on nutrition,
especially when they first come to us.
The first thing you learn when you come to my program
is how to eat and how to live.
And then...
That's your base.
You got base.
You're correct.
Best liquor is tequila, though, for you, right?
Yeah, I like a good tequila.
Nice little sipper.
Nice little sipper.
Just a sipper.
What about weed?
What's your thoughts on weed?
Guys, I'm not going to comment.
I can't comment.
What do you mean? Seattle crack? It's an area for me. just a sipper what about weed what's your thoughts on weed guys i'm not gonna comment i can't what
do you mean it's in it's an area for me it's just an area for me i've never i've never touched i
don't i know i'm not a weed guy either i don't know i don't i don't i don't get involved in it
i don't though yeah i'm not i'm just i'm not probably not educated enough in either biz
when it comes to i meant for recovery ra's been doing it for 40 years
yeah like he brings out the powerpoint i think the last time i tried that was early in my 20s and
yeah that was it yep you know annie mcdonald yeah i wasn't with annie mcdonald but it was with some
teammates in calgary on a fishing trip like would you tell one of your athletes like instead of
drinking smoke weed instead
yeah i would never i would gary roberts would never recommend that if you had to say one or
the other uh well yeah i i would say i don't know take some gummies maybe take some gummies
have you talked to you know what i mean yeah yeah no i like that okay it just sounds i can say that
i can't say the other thing. Right. You know?
You would say don't do either.
Yeah, but I, listen, if guys know my program, I've relaxed a lot.
Like, I recognize you got to go have some fun.
But if every weekend you're going to have fun and you're a bag of shit on Monday morning and your jump scores suck and I'm like, okay, you've had three, you know, good times this summer.
Well, you're only here for eight weeks or 10 weeks.
Can't afford to be, you know, hung over three weekends in a row.
Would you ever think about having a personality guy in there
that you'd hire to run around with the boys?
You know, like a guy.
You looking for a job?
You know, I need another job.
I have eight jobs.
You know, I wheel around in there.
I get the boys going, like crack some jokes and stuff.
So they're not so, you know.
It's not so tight.
We have, we do have, well, we usually have jokers in our program like you got to have those guys around you got
to have them because they make it to grind you got to have it you can't be we're not we're not
dead serious we are we are serious but we have we have lots of fun and we make sure the guys have
fun yeah you got it we have fun days we take them rock climbing or we do we play uh we play frisbee
or you know we go do play some
beach volleyball like we do fun days away from the gym too it needs to it needs to incorporate
that stuff um it can't be every day yeah same program you know we build in those three or four
day breaks for players two or three times over the summer have you talked to barubi at all i talked
to him yeah i am close with him i have
talked to him um he's looking to coach obviously again right yeah and i i have a lot of respect
for him he was a good teammate uh him and i used to train together too throughout our career
he's tough as nails tough as nails um so i hope he gets back in there but he will yeah he loves
the game enough and uh um as you guys know um gosh it's it's a tough gig it's
a tough gig to coach in national hockey league nowadays there's a lot more turnover now than
there than there probably ever has been so if you want to coach and you want to live that lifestyle
i'm sure craig will get another opportunity to do it yeah this has been awesome unreal robs thank
you so much thank you for the insight appreciate, thank you. I always appreciate the offer to come down today.
It's nice to get back out there.
Good to have you again, Gary.
I kind of hide.
I'm not out in the open very often.
So I appreciate the relationship.
You're an awesome teammate, Rob.
Thank you.
I appreciate it with you.
I appreciate you guys.
I know I might have been a prick some days.
No, I would have loved that.
But I tried to be.
You're a great leader.
I enjoyed.
Veteran for us at the right time in our careers,
just coming in.
So I've told the story many times that you,
the speech you gave during the cup finals about when you want it and you
thought you'd be back every year.
And then all of a sudden it's whatever,
16 years later,
I'll never forget that speech.
I couldn't get through it.
I was too emotional.
Actually,
I couldn't get through it.
I remember I was in Detroit.
It was amazing. What, game
seven? Game six in Detroit.
Game five in Detroit. No, it was before game five.
Oh, yeah. You guys lost game six
that year? Yeah. And we won game five
in Detroit, and then...
Triple OT or double OT. That's right.
Who was it? Talbot. Talbot scored
in that game, I think. Oh, he tied it up late
and Sikora scored. Sikora.
Oh, what a guy that guy was
what is that what he used to say rest is a weapon rest is a weapon army i feel terrible today i
can't he felt terrible every day he would get rubbed i called him kobe beef you're just getting
rubbed every day oh it's amazing you think back to all the teammates you play with and names like
that pop up and you realize i, the game was good to us.
And how many great guys you've met along the way.
It's what you keep close to your heart when you're done.
Pugsy's line to end it, love the game and it'll love you back.
So you always were like that, Robs, and thank you for joining.
Thank you, guys.
Appreciate it.
Thank you so much to that machine still looks phenomenal no surprise there
um biz kind of before we wrap up here i know we went to the frozen four it was a blast i couldn't
be at the semi-final game uh unfortunately i was winning a mini golf tournament in chicago
and barstool still haven't been paid for that but i mentioned it importantly he did feel bad he said
we got to get you guys paid for that so i'd like to see the the cash from being the champion but i
missed the the final the frozen four games on thursday got there for saturday where we witnessed
an all-time great game denver beats bc in a classic our vlogs finally coming out it's a great
job fish absolutely crushed it by the way i missed a message on the beginning of this show from G who said Fish used to be a competitive breakdancer.
No, he didn't.
She wrote that.
Read the chat.
Read the private chat.
Fish used to compete, used to competitive breakdance.
And as crazy as it sounds, I'm not surprised at all.
I'm not surprised at all.
He's probably looking to like get Raygun for a sandbagger.
I would love to see a content piece where those two go at it. at all i'm not surprised at all he's probably looking to like get ray gun for a sandbagger
i would love to see a content piece where those two go at it because i he can't be
that much worse than her yeah exactly we should do a live stream him and ray gone what's what's
fish is if he's back there what's his break dancing name you need a name to go in stinky fish
what's your what's your what's your uh what's your like uh your your break dancing name what's up boys uh so yeah i used to break dance with my brother a ton we break dance for like
eight or nine years we do it competitively for a while so i used to do it with my brother so he was
fishy and i was guppy and then we would do that together so you were you were so it was like
sick sigfried and roy just no tiger just you two just grinding up on each other
break dancing no we were like battle their crews we'd go around the city and like dance against
other dance crews so you were like eminem and eight mile but it wasn't words it was just moves
hey g can you see if we can get a wig donated to fish that fucking salad is worse than last week
yeah still rocking the you look very russian
right now i think it is with the beard you look like you're a star in the khl trying to defect
over to play for the blues let's call you the stinky russian that's your fucking that's your
break fish now could you be very honest with us and mention if you could find some videos of this
i was just dancing absolutely i got i got tons oh can you pull one up
on the screen right now so we can live watch it to the to the video of our show well he's gonna
pull it up so we can get our live reaction of him break dancing um in the meantime while i look for
this i'll just talk about ray guns uh performance she uh when i first saw it my initial reaction
was like this has to be a joke like this has to be a joke trolling but
then i was thinking about it a little bit more and i was like maybe this is like maybe she's doing
some kind of weird like protest-y thing because this is this is like a creative outlet like break
dancing is a creative outlet and there's a lot of people that like i really disagree with the
the whole even being a competition like being in the olympics in the first place really it's this
oh like this is underground this isn't like this shouldn't be mainstream yeah it's kind of like
when skateboarding joined people were like i don't know if this should really be in the olympics it's
like a creative outlet so that was kind of my understanding with all the alternative sports
that kind of came over from x games was the first olympics that eat whatever sport was introduced
then they saw the winner and like
maybe the the publicity and the and i want to say the fan but everything it brought with winning it
and then that had to happen before then it got big and more people jumped on board same thing
goes for skateboarding where any of these sports now they get all the top athletes going for the
gold right alternative basically but so like going back to her performance
like they're graded on five things it's technique vocabulary execution musicality and originality
she didn't vocabulary they're not talking she got zero points about like vocabularies about like how
what your message is in your dance like how you're expressing a message because there's that's the
thing people think break dancing is just like these really acrobatic
moves. And that's just not the case. Like people think, Oh, it's just all these big power moves.
People call them power moves. It's like when people are spinning on their head, doing flips,
like that kind of thing. And that's like, think of it like you're playing the drums. It's like
a crash symbol at the end of a, of a beat. It's like, that's how you like finish out your message.
She can't do those kinds
of things she isn't able to so she went out there just to like be herself and try to be original
but she basically failed on all those cats with your brother if you faced off against her would
you have left like we just dummied that girl it was like playing an east coast leaguer and i'm
connor mcdavid yeah we like i mean yeah did you watch that say that was horrible like if it was
in one of your events it was pretty bad i i i uh like jackie there's no redeeming qualities about
it do do you agree with that i don't think she got the like the fans uh fans on her side when
the other person was going and she was kind of doing those motions like oh yeah like sleeping
like boring and she was like shooing them away when she wasn't even performing.
That's like that's the part of like the vocabulary where they're kind of like
maybe like trying to, you know, mock them like a mockery is a big one.
So that's what I think she was trying to do.
But yeah, just like that.
It was in.
She lost me.
Back it up.
Yeah.
She was getting a better vocabulary than her.
OK, I got a good video for you guys.
Alright, here we go.
Mind the ass, Stan.
What'd you do? Shit your pants?
What'd you do to yourself?
Not bad, Fishy.
Oh my...
Damn, Fish.
Holy shit.
That's one move you got olympian as a producer
working on that so i could pull up but i got more stuff can we add break dancing to the
chicklets cup can we have a special rink just for break dancing well biz i'll train you if you want
to do the six month challenge and see if you could i'm gonna do a triathlon yeah i want to
stay focused here maybe that could help with the flexibility though. So we'll talk fish,
but that's pretty cool that thanks for coming on and giving us that full
breakdown.
But,
uh,
that was just a,
a,
an experiment gone wrong.
And then I guess with all the backlash,
she was pretty offended by it.
Like her and her coach had to come out and defend her.
Yeah.
I mean,
she made statements after,
like,
I just came out there to do my thing.
And it's like,
all right,
I get it.
Like whatever you got to go to the Olympics,ics cool trip like good for you but also like
trying to put a bad name on the sport i'd say we got we put ra in net for the winter olympics
for team usa he was just going out there doing his thing ra does break dance he just goes out
and scratches his ass through his jeans for 10 minutes wins the and Ray God. Wins the gold. He would do the instead of the kangaroo hop.
He'd warthog it.
We appreciate you, Fish.
Last thing.
So the U2,
I don't know how
we just got into that again
from talking about
the Frozen Four.
I don't even remember.
I guess that's
Chicklets in a nutshell,
but that is Thursday
on Chicklets TV
at six o'clock.
Tune into that.
It's awesome.
Great job.
Oh, it was because
I think I said Fish
did an awesome job and then I reminded everyone that. It's awesome. Great job. Oh, it was because I think I said Fish did an awesome job,
and then I reminded everyone that he apparently was a breakdancer.
So, Biz, I love you, buddy.
Yeah.
And all you fans listening, thank you so much.
Kind of the dead, the middle of the offseason.
No news coming around, but we'll be back soon enough with hockey
in about a month, I guess.
Preseason will be starting, and we'll see you next week.
And if you know a good Thai masseuse in Vancouver, it's under my wing. I like to poke the bear
I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in
And take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot I a cheap shot. She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot.
I said she needs a detox to cleanse her mind.
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again.
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan.
But I said something that crossed the line when I know she felt it.
So I said she could have a free one on the chain.
She went below the bell.
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot. Outro Music
