Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Cheers, you love They say you're drunk at speech
It's just so the thought
I like to poke the bear
I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in
And take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
What up, what up?
And welcome to episode 519 of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast
Presented by New Amsterdam's Pink Whitney
The pink lemonade flavored vodka that we talk about so often
That we drink so often, that we drink so often, that we enjoy so often, and that we love so much.
We got to shout out the big old bottle, the big 1.75 liter.
And we got to shout out New Amsterdam and Pink Whitney's support for this podcast in allowing us to do this as a job and make the content pieces that we get to make and go on the trips that we get to enjoy.
So shout out Pink Whitney.
Shout out New Amsterdam. And shout out my boy Biz Nasty. What's up, buddy? How you doing?
I think we drank a full 1.75 liter on that golf course where we had our latest sandbagger
with Schmaltzy and Heat Daddy, which what'd you think of the trailer, buddy? Pasha was
absolutely cooking before he took off to Europe
for his third or fourth wedding of the summer.
Pasha sent me that over, and I just, you know,
I was expecting a normal little trailer,
and all of a sudden, I'm seeing mushrooms,
I'm seeing little worms and little animals with golf balls,
and I'm like, wow, this man decided to get in that lab
before he went over and mushed my team Chelsea at St at Stanford Bridge in the opening game of the Premier League.
Now, granted, it was against Manchester City.
Not much of a chance there.
But, of course, Pasha was there to mush me.
And he did a great job.
That is Wednesday night at 6 o'clock on all channels, right?
And everyone, I don't really know how to describe this sandbagger.
People have been asking, when's the next bagger?
When's the next bagger?
A lot of Pink Whitney was drank in the first, I think, seven holes.
I want to say maybe six birdies.
First nine holes, six birdies, something around there.
Where, as I've mentioned a million times and kind of complained that it was 630 a.m. tea time.
And by the time it was, I say, 8 a.m., it was 109 degrees.
So drinking Pink Whitney after drinking the night before and barely sleeping and then getting up and golfing the night before
the month before this is after the stanley cup finals and and and then there was a little bit
of a layover and then all of a sudden we're in vegas we're there for the draft and and
probably pretty much the end of a month-long heater. So this one gets off the rails very early.
It was a blast.
And like you said, we celebrated with a lot of Pink Whitney.
You can head over to all of our channels to check that out.
We dropped the trailer on Twitter, Instagram.
Obviously, you can find it on Rumble, YouTube,
all the good stuff in order to follow us along on social.
So Biz, that was also being filmed when our fan base just despised us.
At that point in time, we had to be disliked more by our fans than anyone's ever been disliked if they consider themselves a fan of someone.
So there might be some moments where you might be reminded of the hatred you had towards our entire group in the run to the finals and the madness of R.A. in the locker room and Oilers girl and all the mistakes we made along the way.
But I do think you will enjoy this bagger because Heat Daddy and Swish Daddy and Smaltzy and Robbie Gucci, great, great dudes.
Very interesting cats, I'll say.
I think at one point I said, like, biz, like these guys,
I don't even really know what they're saying half the time.
They have like their own lingo that's very funny.
But by the time we got to like the 16th hole, I mean,
they're looking for, they're finding every ball,
which I don't want to give away too much. But I actually think there's probably a little bit more important of a story
that we have to get to off the hop.
And after our boy G came in last week
with some amazing news of his girlfriend
finishing chemo and being on the other side
of a valiant fight,
especially with Grinelli's mom
going through the same issue,
he hit us with a double win.
He hit us with a double D on.
And he comes back and it's not his girlfriend anymore.
It's his fiance.
What a shift a ship a best
week ever i mean who's had a better week than g yeah best two weeks of my life boys it was amazing
it was unbelievable i can't i just can't get over not do you want me to run through it all i can
run through the whole weekend so where to go down because i mean the picture was beautiful i don't
know you hire a photographer you got to organize all this stuff.
Yeah.
So I told Whit when we were pretty drunk in Edmonton, I think.
I was like, I got the date.
I got everything picked out.
And mind you, the photographer canceled a week ago.
So I was stressing all last week.
I had to book a new photographer. But I did it in Point Pleasant Beach, New Jersey, right on the beach in front of her grandma's house.
That was really important to me. It had to beach in front of her grandma's house. That was
really important to me. It had to be in front of her Nona's house. She's very close to her Nona.
So that was very important to me. So for months now, I've been telling Alana that we have this
chemo party planned for her. It was all about this chemo party planned for her on Saturday.
Little did she know she was actually planning her engagement party. So I had her plan
basically this big chemo party. She was inviting all of her friends. We were going to take this
boat called the Mimi six. It's this big fishing boat. You take it around the inlet and point
pleasant down the shore. You have a bunch of drinks. It's an unbelievable time. So she's been
basically helping plan that for weeks. Now that's on Saturday. So all my friends and family came down on Thursday. So from Thursday to about Friday afternoon, I was down the shore trying to play
like, holy shit, I can't let my friends and my family run into Alana down the shore. So I'm like
taking screenshots of Google Maps being like, no one can cross this line. If you cross this street,
we're fucked. So like all day. And then I'm like, I'm telling Alana like, oh one can cross this line. If you cross this street, we're fucked.
So all day. And then I'm telling Alana, oh shit, I got to run to the store real quick and grab some
Pepto-Bismol. And I'm going there, going to talk to my mom. My mom's helping me plan everything.
So then Friday rolls around. So Friday was the big day. So around four o'clock all day, I was stressing. Around four
o'clock, we go to our favorite bar. It's called Wharfside Patio Bar. It's right in Point Pleasant.
And I wanted to go with just me and her five best friends. I thought it was very,
very important to me for her to be with her five best friends during this whole thing.
You're just being a fog?
Just being a fog.
Friend of girl, for anyone wondering what a fog.
Okay.
Yeah.
I was wondering too.
I didn't want to stop at Grinnell either.
Go ahead.
Keep going.
So, so we get to this place and my whole time, I'm just like, okay, when, when we get to
this bar, I'll just, you know, sneak out.
I think I was like, it'll be so easy.
She turns around and I sneak out.
Terrible planning by me.
So we get there and like, she's just facing the door the whole time.
So I'm like, fuck, I need a game plan. So I'm like,'s just facing the door the whole time so i'm like fuck i need a game plan so i'm like all right i got the shits i was like i got a shit so bad right now and like
and then i get nervous and i'm like over talking about the shit so i'm just like fuck i'm like do
i go in this bathroom alana like or do i go inside like i'm gonna get all sweaty i'm like getting i'm
like getting into details about her about like the shit I'm about to take. And I'm
like, I got to go. I got to go to the bathroom inside. And she's like, okay, yeah, yeah. Go to
the bathroom inside. So I walk out, I go to the bathroom inside. Well, go to the bathroom inside.
I just walk home. So mind you, while this is all happening, all my friends and family, my mom,
they all went to the beach. They went to the house on the beach to set everything up. So they're on the beach. My mom, Alana's mom, Alana's dad,
they're setting everything up on the beach, the flowers, the candles. They're with the photographer.
They poured rose petals all the way down. Oh my God. It was beautiful. It was so perfectly done.
So I walked back. I actually meet up with one of my friends. We walk back and I'm just taking
it all in. It's my best friend and I walk back and he's like, buddy, and you guys know Gooch.
It's one of my best friends. And he's like, dude, you're getting married. You're getting engaged.
This is crazy. And it was crazy just to sit there and walk back to your best friend, take it all in.
So we get back to the house and everyone's there. All
my boys are there. I have a couple of beers with them. My dad's there, all my friends, my mom,
who's so awesome. And then it's time. Did she text you like, where are you? Did you fall in
the toilet? She's like, where are you? Are you okay? Do I need to come check on you? Do we have
to have the restaurant come check on you? Are you
okay? So I'm like, finally, I answer her and I call her and I'm like, hey, I love you so much.
I want you to get up from the restaurant. Everyone knows what's happening. And I want you to walk to
the beach. She's like, what? Are you shitting yourself? Are you okay? And I'm like, I'm not
shitting myself. Just walk to the beach. And she's like, oh, okay. So her and her friends, they corralled, they get her going. They get her
to leave the beach and they're walking back. Now her friend, she still has no idea. So her friend,
they're probably two minutes away from the spot. And I'm in the place. I'm ready to go. I'm in the yew of flowers. I'm talking to the
photographers. All my friends are waiting in the distance. I'm preparing what I'm going to say.
And her friend texts me and she's like, she still has no idea. So I look at the photographer and I'm
like, she still has no idea. And she's like, okay, time to put the phone away and take the ring out.
And so I give her my phone and I'm like,
I'm like, oh my God, I don't have the ring.
Oh, you fucking idiot.
Holy shit, I don't have the fucking ring.
And she's like, what?
I'm like, I don't have the ring.
And I don't have my phone now
because I gave it to the photographer's fiance
who just walked like a hundred yards down the beach.
I don't have my phone.
So I can't text the girls being like staller. So I sprint as fast as I can up the beach, just fucking running as hard as I've ever
run in my life. As I run around the corner, I clip my toe on the fence, just absolutely shattered
my toe, shattered half my foot's like broken couldn't walk for two days it was a
nightmare but i'm like then i'm like limping back i'm like running dragging my foot on the beach
i get the ring the fuck was the ring i i i hit it in the toilet yeah i i hit it though i because it
was in my golf bag for like three days and then i went golfing so i had to take it out and i
stuffed it in her brother's like underwear drawer and And I, it was like under everything. So I just never went back and got it,
but fine. So I sprint up, I get it. I run back to the beach. I'm sweating right. As I like,
get back to the spot. I see her turn the corner with her friends. Great timing. It was great
timing. And she starts walking down and it's just like the world stood still for like
holy fuck we haven't even gotten to the wedding yet i know it's like i i have this like intrusive
i always have this intrusive like thoughts in my head of like you're doing it wrong you're doing
something wrong like this is gonna go bad like and for like for the first time when she was walking
to me it was was just pure happiness.
So were you waiting on one knee or did you go down when she got there?
So I was waiting there.
And at the last second, I looked at the photographer's fiance who was there.
And I'm like, what do I say?
Fuck, I don't know what to say now.
And he was like...
All that planning and you didn't plan on what to say?
He didn't even have the ring biz. It kind of just like went out the door. And he was like, that planning and you didn't plan on what to say he didn't even have
the ring biz it kind of just like went out the door and he was like buddy just talk to her don't
plan anything just talk to her so she came up and i was like can you believe this like i've been
lying to you like we've been planning this for months like i love you so much like i'm gonna
be the best husband like this year has been so tough.
And then I just
got down on one knee and proposed.
And then
everyone at her house just went
fucking nuts. And she
turned and was like, who is that?
Who's here? And I was like,
all my friends, all my family,
all your friends, all your family
were having a big party tonight and
she was just over the moon she was just so happy and it was it was totally oblivious to any of it
going on like she believed your fucking pepto-bismol you had the shits hook line and sinker like are
you always told me prior because remember i texted is today the day i believe i said it's today the
day you're like wow you remembered that yeah pump my own tires on your engagement story but i think i think you said at
the time like i want her to know that i'm doing it did you and i was like no dude it's so that
that i think was the best thing i did so she's actually actually filmed a video of this her
friends all filmed her it's actually going like super viral on tiktok but she i wanted
her to walk back with her five five best friends that was very very important for me that where
like i had that moment with my buddy of walking back kind of taking it all in i wanted her and
her five best friends to sit there and walk back and be like oh my god it's happening you're about
yeah girls love that shit they love that shit i don't know girls though they're like
i'm not engaged yet fuck you bitch but they didn't it right as she she got up like right before the
beach they kind of all stopped they huddled her friend like took a took one of her bracelets off
and she's like oh my god is it happening and they all just start crying and and i think that was
really important for me for them to have that moment as like, you know,
five, six best friends.
They've grown up together, like enjoy this moment together.
And then it was awesome too
because then Saturday we got to do the chemo party.
So we got to do the chemo engagement party.
It was awesome.
Especially being able to celebrate
in honor of Alana and my mom.
I did a really nice speech for them.
Atta boy. There you go.
And then after we all went to DJs, it was unbelievable. I can't take fun, Anthony,
and DJs enough. On the iconic DJ sign, it said, congrats, Mike and Alana. So that was a huge
surprise. And one last thing is Larry Flowers. I got to give Larry a huge shout out. Larry gave me like Larry. So I me and Larry
at the stadium series in March.
We had a long talk about what I wanted
to do, the type of ring I wanted
type of Alana and Larry
talked for a while. And then Larry
called me out of the blue like two
months ago and was like, buddy, I got the
diamond like this is everything you talked
about. It's a perfect diamond. I'm going
to give you the best deal ever on it.
And he's been, boys, he's been like, I made the process.
I don't have many friends who have proposed yet already.
So he's been walking me through like everything.
And just he's been such that the deal he gave me was fucking incredible.
So shout out to Larry Flowers if you need to go to him.
But just the best weekend of my life.
Best two weeks of my life. I'll give you a call in about 10 years Larry
that's so we're gonna be we're gonna have our first uh spit and chickled wedding oh yeah that's
why were you you were married before this all got going with or around the same time we got married
uh 2017 so was the show going yes that was the year i retired yeah we had just started but you did
like a surprise wedding it is surprise wedding yeah i don't know if we were close enough to get
the invite at that point yeah yeah you weren't getting the look for that one i don't think i'd
still get the invite what is biz on the show by then i know i just retired that year and that was
my first year with the coyotes but gee But, gee, that's an incredible story.
I mean, the fact that you kind of half got her to organize her own engagement is a veteran move.
I think a lot of people are probably listening, saying, that's pretty genius of you.
So the fact that the last week of your life, man, what a whirlwind, and happy to hear the breakdown of everything going down, buddy.
That's incredible, a magic weekend for you and your family, and one you'll never forget. whirlwind and and uh happy to hear the breakdown of everything going down buddy that's uh incredible
a magic weekend for you and your family and one you'll never forget and that's cool how you cut
like the getting the proper pictures because the picture you guys had that beach looked
unbelievable it looked like it was basically the wedding ceremony how perfect it ended up
it's been a crazy ride it's it's and i can't thank you guys enough either it's been it's been a
gnarly gnarly ride. Thank Barstool too
because you wouldn't even know her
if it wasn't for Barstool, right?
Shout out to Gaz.
Gaz, day one at Barstool.
Well, day one of when I was working
in the New York office.
First day, he walks me down.
He's like, hey, like,
you're supposed to sit upstairs,
but you can sit here
for the rest of the day if you want.
And I sat me next to Alana
and I just kept going back every day.
Wow.
Oh, great. Now we're going to get a call from HR now. if you want and i sat me next to alana and i just kept going back every day and wow
we're gonna get a call from hr now gas on the hat on at the wedding too
goes from a six to an eight good night jim kite with that lid on
hey that wedding is gonna be bananas though boys that'll be okay so in in the shore too or at the
shore i don't know how the fuck you say it is that
what are you gonna do i think we're open to anything i think we any chiclets fans out there
want to give us a deal on a place wits backyard yeah right fall in the sinkhole never to be seen
from again we got we got we got those like uh beach um what are those what are the guys walking
on the beach with looking for stuff in the sand?
I'm looking for the ring like that as his body's underneath my mush.
There is one thing you're going to be involved in, though.
What?
Bachelor party.
Oh, very happy for you, G.
I guess getting to celebrate a spit and chiclets wedding, not to make it all about us, is going to be a hell of a time.
I do want to see that video you're talking about that's going viral.
Send me that. Send it
over. I want a list of the bridesmaids
first thing on my desk
next Monday, please. Remember the story
Ned told about the guy who like sent
out, what was that? He like sent out
the scouting report of all the bridesmaids.
You're
the first Grinnell boy that'll be married,
correct? First Grinnell boy,
yep. Yeah, she's the first in her family, too.
Oh, this is going to be a banger of a party.
I already have Stu Feiner texting me about it.
He's like, I can't wait for the wedding.
It's going to be insane.
You should do it in his backyard is where you should do it.
He's got all that acreage out on Long Island.
He could throw a party.
What a bad idea.
It isn't a bad idea at all, actually.
And I saved you one, Witt, in your backyard.
No lawsuits from the sinkholes.
End up on the putting green next thing you know it.
In fairness, though, like in all this good news in Grinnelli's life,
on my side, my Edmonton Oilers, I mean, we get absolutely,
what's the word, ransacked?
Is that a word?
Surprise attacked?
Just like torpedoed by Doug Armstrong, our boy biz.
Doug Armstrong of the St. Louis Blues decides to just light the NHL summer doldrum boring days of August on fire.
On Connor McDavid's wedding weekend steiner's riding the monarch being diabolical
dreaming up this fucking plan and then drops the hammer on connor mcdavid's wedding weekend
we're off we're off and running for the best the next best regular season in nhl history
are you kidding me what is this move with i I don't know. I saw Sarah Valli.
He was the first tweet I saw of it.
I think he had it first.
Not sure exactly.
I saw it.
I just retweeted immediately at first thought.
I said, what the hell is going on?
And the offer came down from the Blues, and they signed Philip Broberg to a two-year deal
worth 4.58 each year, and they signed Dylan Holloway to a two-year deal worth 4.58 each year. And they signed Dylan Holloway to a two-year deal worth
2.29 each year. Now, I listened to Elliot talk on 32 Thoughts. And basically, the way he described
it is for what Broberg prepared to get, it was like a 250 increase salary-wise. And I believe
from what Holloway was considering he would get or planning on getting
it was around 100 he said on his show and very happy for those guys right like whenever you see
a player get get paid I don't think all fans necessarily feel like this but I know all
players do it's like good for you great great great for these guys they get a bunch of money
they get a bunch of guarantees and also if Edmonton does decide to match, which we don't know yet,
I think they have until tomorrow, I think.
Yes.
Or today, as you're listening.
You can't be traded for a year.
So it's like these guys lock up some big-time security
and some more money that they thought they were going to get.
So good for them.
Good for the fans around the league and good for hockey
because I think we've had the discussion before
that I'm surprised there aren't more offer sheets
because it not only could help your team and your organization
and getting a guy that you really wanted
that you weren't able to get via trade,
but you're also fucking over another team
and you're putting them in a situation where,
all right, well, you do want to match it.
You're going to have to trade guys.
Now we've seen Edmonton make some moves.
They moved on from Cody CC.
So they've done some things where it looks like they will match.
But from what I'm reading,
it's a lot easier to sign Holloway than it is to match Holloway than it is
to match Broberg.
But the Broberg I saw in the playoffs,
it's like,
you need this guy,
but you can,
and no offense to Holloway. You just simply can't replace a Broberg right now.
I love Holloway's game.
I think it's a kick in the dick either way if they can't make it work to bring both guys back
because it just felt like the year where those guys had gained that perfect amount of experience
where you get them on this bargoon for the next year or two, maybe on maybe on a bridge deal and from my understanding it was going to be a one-year deal
for both guys that's what it sounded like but to maybe eventually getting them paid what they
deserve because if if we see the broberg that we saw in playoffs like fuck dude if you get him at
four million that's still a bargain so my understanding is they get rid of cody cc off
the books for 3.75 and also what my
understanding is there is a way to make this work where they can match both of those offer sheets
if they had a vander kane on the ir like the conversation was last week but i believe that
would have to last the entire season long so do do they do they pull a Vegas Golden Knights and do the LTIR special do you not go to Evander
Kane and say hey buddy we're gonna pay you four sheets take the year off maybe get what you need
repaired repaired and then ease into this thing get in the perfect amount of shape to hit the
ground running come round one of the playoffs now I don't know if you would agree to that I don't
know the significance of the injury but there is a slim chance that they're able to bring both guys back. I, another
thing too, wit is I think that this is also a number where we don't see it as often because if
the player is good enough, the, what you're offering them in order to be that matched has
to be a certain amount of money. And when you get up into that crazy amounts of money, you're offering them in order to be matched has to be a certain amount of money. And when you get up into that crazy amounts of money,
you're sending back like a bunch of first rounders.
I don't believe the compensation for Broberg coming back
would be that crazy.
Second rounder.
That's a nothing burger, right?
Because they're in that four million range.
So for the St. Louis Blues to kind of jam them up like that
and not have to give up much in return,
I can't even blame them.
But what I got to ask you is,
if Ken Holland is in that seat,
do you think Steiner and do you think Doug Armstrong
pull that move off?
That is the question.
That is the question of,
is it just a giant fuck you to Stan Bowman?
Is it more about your team
and you're looking at a Western
Conference team and you can kind of hurt them while also helping yourself and it has nothing
to do with the GM? But as Elliot mentioned and many others have mentioned, the St. Louis-Chicago
rivalry when Bowman was in Chicago, the whole thing for me that's odd is that our boy Bob Stauffer came out,
and I believe he mentioned that Ken Holland was kind of instructed
to re-sign these guys during the season.
But it's been made clear that I don't think Broberg wanted to,
and he wanted to finish the year and see how it went.
And God, did he finish the year probably better than he could have ever imagined.
Basically being the number, the second or third best defenseman on the team in the playoffs,
right?
I mean, you look at Ekholm and you look at Bouchard and how good those guys were.
But Broberg, game seven, he might have been the best player on the ice for the Oilers.
So I don't know if it happens if Holland's still there.
I don't know if Holland was told to resign him and then kind of brushed it aside.
There's so many sides to the story that we just don't know not being inside the room.
But the fact that Bowman takes over and it's like, hey, welcome back to the NHL.
We're about to offer you two of your best young players.
Suck on that.
It's interesting.
But I mean, do you think he came into that seat expecting that that might happen?
I mean, he's probably.
Why does.
First of all, why does first of all why does
there need to be loyalty there because for st louis you're getting two great assets in return
for not giving up much you're worried way more about your future oh yeah and if you're hey and
if you think that you were qualified for the job here's your fucking first test we're not going to
let you ease into this thing you're taking over a juggernaut you have two valuable pieces and you're jammed up against the cap dance puppet dance let's let's see hey there has been
a ton of um i think criticism on maybe some of the moves that stan bowman made as chicago gm
other people would argue like well he helped put the final pieces together to help him
win three stanley cups so hey that's irrelevant at this point.
Let's see what he can maneuver outside of this situation. And I think that if they bring back
Broberg and they don't end up bringing back Holloway, I'm pretty sure you score that as a win.
But I was so excited to see the upside from Holloway after what I saw in playoffs last year
and the way he's able to hound pucks. I think that he has a good motor. He can skate like the wind.
Doesn't seem to tire out.
And I feel like he's got a little bit more offense to his game
than a guy like Connor Brown.
So you need these guys who have been in that locker room
and these pieces that you know that work there,
that fit in and get along.
And even to further it and go back to the CeCe thing,
my understanding is last year that Cody CeCe
was going to be dealt at the deadline
and that Bryce Seidel was so close with him,
he went in there and he was like,
nah, nah, nah, nah, you're not trading Cody.
A bunch of them.
Did you not hear that as well?
Yeah, I think we were talking about that at the time.
And then when he scored that goal,
the bench went nuts after the deadline.
Yeah, Cody McCarr.
I do think that
man you know when you're like oh go with your gut reaction like go with what your gut says like when
I saw that offer sheet I was like match both of them right and I'm so not in the mix of dealing
with all the contracts and the dry sidle extension and the McDavid extension the year after that
and understanding all the pieces that have to go together to put this perfect puzzle into into a Stanley Cup champion but when I when I saw those
guys in the playoffs I mean I remember one of the hallways scored a goal against LA highlight real
goal in the first round like you're like this kid can skate big I I was just like match them both
match them both that's just kind of blind I don't want to lose either one of them. But if I had to pick, it would be keeping Broberg.
And now that CeCe's gone.
Now, the one good thing is in that trade for CeCe,
this kid Ty Emberson,
apparently there's some real good upside with him.
And he was, I believe, drafted by the Coyotes.
Had a tough year in Tucson when he turned pro.
Went over to the Rangers.
Got put on waivers.
San Jose picks him up at the beginning of last year, up and down.
But he had 10 points, 30 games with the Sharks,
right around 19 minutes played per game,
and played pretty well for being on a horrible team last year.
So maybe they're looking at it like this guy could step in
and give us good minutes and be a part of this team if we can't match the Broberg I can't wait to see what happens but yeah it's like
welcome back to the NHL Stan Bowman what are you gonna do and even though this is happening to my
squad I do think that maybe we see more of it moving forward because like when you look at this
one the whole league's like yes it makes one of the best teams in the league have to make a tough decision.
Now, if you're talking about big players and three first-round picks going back, I think then it's a little bit crazy.
And for the most part, with really high-end talent, teams are going to match no matter what.
So I think it's more likely to be these guys, a little bit in the middle, right?
Where it's like, oh, you got to decide.
Do you want a second-round pick for Broberg, a little bit in the middle, right? Where it's like, oh, you got to decide. Do you want a second round pick for Broberg
and a third round pick for Holloway?
Or do you want to sign these guys
to a little bit of an overpayment right now
and then stick in a little bit of a jam
as a team that's already right up against the cap?
So I think as an insurance policy,
at the probability that they lose Holloway,
they end up going to get Vasily Podkolzin. Yeah, from Van. From Van. And I think he's probably a poor man lose Holloway. They end up going to get Vasily Podkolzin.
Yeah, from Van.
From Van.
And I think he's probably a poor man's Holloway
to describe him the best.
My understanding is he wasn't even going to make
the 12-man forward roster for the Vancouver Canucks
at a training camp just based on all the depth
and everything they got going on.
How is he going to make Edmonton then?
Well, because there's a little bit of separation
from the top end talent
to the bottom based on salary cap that's how and um the other thing I asked Elliot Friedman about
I texted him and I said do do they have to sign those deals and he said no it takes two to tango
like they like Broberg and Holloway have the opportunity to say, hey, no, we're good. We want to stay here and take our one-year deals.
Now, I'm pretty sure that the PA
would lose their fucking minds.
And the agent would be like, wait, what?
You're turning down over 9 million
for a one-year deal for 1.7?
What are we doing here?
So I probably should have followed this up
with Elliot, though,
is you're allowed to sign an extension
when you have less than a year
remaining on your deal so what if they signed the like a one-year deal with Edmonton let's say
they're qualifying offers that would have been offered to them or whatever the the bump you said
they were going to get on those one-year deals to keep their AAV downs so they could make this all
work moving forward what if they just sign the the one year deal and then they extend in
training camp? Is that like, is that plausible? Do you, and do you understand what I'm saying?
So you can essentially work out a, a, a, a, maybe even a little bit more of a favorable deal for
both guys from a longer term perspective. It gives you that one year to work and figure out the books
moving forward, but yet you still got them on the one year aav that
they wanted to get them on to make this thing all work do you understand what i'm saying yeah but
from the team side it's like we got you this year what like why aren't we gonna why would we give
you another contract right away as opposed to seeing how you play because they're still let's
say as much as these guys look good in the because. Because you're not being gutless by saying, I'm taking the offer sheet and bye-bye.
You're being a good soldier by taking the one-year deal
with a handshake agreement that you're going to sign them
to whatever you agree upon, let's say, in training camp
for the extension purpose.
But why wouldn't you just wait and do that in training camp
and have the, do you know what I'm saying?
I don't get
like the signing and then like doing another one a month later i'm saying based on the fact that
they have the opportunity as players to say no we don't want to sign it so all of a sudden the agent
and the pa are pissed but you're just squeezing in for the one year and then you're re-upping
because from my understanding the rule is the minute j 1st hit, you have less than a year left till July 1st
remaining on your current contract,
you have the ability to re-sign with your team.
So if they want it to be good soldiers, turn it down,
get the AAV under for this season moving forward,
and then, based on doing that handshake deal,
get the future earnings secured with, obviously, Edmonton,
assuming they want to keep these guys long-term,
then do it that way.
Do you get what I'm saying?
Am I going fucking crazy here?
Sort of and sort of not.
I just think it's maybe so unprecedented.
I don't get your brain and where it's at right now.
I just think you're thinking like,
hey, this is proberg
talking like hey stan i did you a favor not taking that deal because i want to be an oiler but stands
like hey buddy thanks a lot but that doesn't change how we feel and we haven't offered you
a long-term extension like do you know that would be the but that would be the proposition from all
the olive branch you're saying well yeah, yeah, your handshake agreement saying,
I'm getting you out of this jam for this year,
taking a lower AAV,
and then you're going to secure my bag moving forward, bitch.
Yeah, and as a GM, I'm saying,
you better play your dick off this season.
I want to see some good puck moving ability,
shut down defense at all. I want you to go to the net and scoreving ability. Shut down defense at the Hall.
I want you to go to the net and score some goals,
and we'll chat around Christmas.
Well, then they're saying, I'm taking my offer sheet.
Fuck you, Stan.
I'm going to St. Louis.
We'll see what happens.
I mean, who knows?
Maybe this news breaks while we're kind of sitting here chatting.
But the thing is, too, buddy, is I think that your payday
and your exposure getting to play with McDavid
on this team for at least one more year probably presents a bigger payday
in the future.
So that to me is maybe in a crazy world why you would consider declining it,
which probably won't happen.
More so Holloway than Broberg because it's tough to, I mean,
all of a sudden you're making four sheets where you would have made
a million and a half.
I think we've gone on this long enough. I'm sorry if I confused you a little bit there with that. That's okay. That's okay. It was an interesting storyline
that we have not seen much of in the past. So I think it's actually probably time to throw it to
our first guest. And we sat down during the cup finals in Edmonton with Jack Michaels who was the
voice of the Edmonton Oilers who started as the voice of the Oilers as a radio guy when I was in
Edmonton and he goes into his story and how he was replacing a legend and you know he's an American
guy that's that's announcing a Canadian team's radio games and just a great interview he's gone
on to become very successful,
very good at his job.
He's got some great calls.
I thought this year
when they won the Western Conference,
it was fabulous how he called it.
I think he was back on the radio
once the games go national
after the first round.
So Jack Michaels,
we want to thank him for his time
and I hope everyone enjoys it.
Even if you're not an Oilers fan,
pretty cool story
of how he got into the business
and how he got into calling NHL games
if you're interested in something like that for a future.
So for right now, we'll throw it over to Jack Michaels.
All right, it's great to welcome our next guest.
After graduating from Ithaca College,
he began his hockey and outs in Korea,
heading to Colorado Springs,
and then on to Anchorage, Alaska to make his bones.
After calling 919 programs, he joined the NHL ranks here in Edmonton.
It's an absolute pleasure.
So welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast.
Jack Michaels, how's it going, my friend?
I was not expecting such a formal intro.
Oh, he's the intro guy.
That was very, like, clinical.
I did Crosby's.
That was my one way of the fam.
I did the Crosby intro. That was quite clinical of the fam. I did the Crosby intro.
That was quite clinical.
I don't even know what to say.
Thank you so much.
I guess the surprise to me is I didn't know you were an American.
Yeah, you went to Ithaca and you found yourself in Edmonton.
So every year I'd go to Boston because, well, Boston area,
because Ithaca played Springfield or, as he knows it,
the other year it'd be almost in college american international so
you'd have you'd have you know you'd have those two schools every year in football so i was in
the area quite a bit and ithaca is either you're either from new york city or you're from new
england and you go to that school so it's a very popular yeah ton of doing is that the one that's
in uh the tom green with road trip yes yep yeah is that the campus no it's not that's in the Tom Green with Road Trip? Yes. Is that the campus? No, it's not the campus.
And then there they go.
They go University of Ithaca, I think.
Ours is Ithaca College, but same town as Cornell University.
And yeah, a lot of doing with there's nothing.
Now, this might be a dumb question.
Is that a broadcasting school specifically?
There's a fair amount.
Brendan Burke, who does the Island Works, went to Ithaca.
Carl Ravitch on ESPN.
Kevin Connors on ESPN.
Oh, really?
There's some Ithaca guys out there.
Nick Nixon, the Hall of Fame announcer for the LA Kings, went to Ithaca.
Yeah, we got some troops.
That's Central New York, Syracuse University there.
That's right, yeah.
How about the Cordica Jug?
Did you announce any of those games while you were there?
Absolutely.
What's that game?
Ithaca got three out of four.
Ithaca College over Cortland.
We kind of gave state school the whole chance there.
So, yeah, it was a lot of back and forth.
I find it interesting that, according to the internet at least,
your love of hockey began.
You're from Pittsburgh area when the Penguins drafted Mario Lemieux.
Absolutely.
And you just hopped right in kind of?
I did.
I was a football guy.
I went the other way.
I was one of those guys.
Steelers?
No.
Oh, shut up.
I was one of those guys who had to be different.
And for whatever reason, the first year my skull was hard,
the worst MVP in the history of the National Football League
happened to have an MVP year.
His name was Brian Seip.
Oh, Cleveland Browns, the number 17.
That's what everyone heard. He was my favorite quarterback. Yeah, I know. It should His name was Brian Seip. Oh, Cleveland Browns. The number 17. That's what everyone heard
in the playoff.
He was my favorite quarterback.
Yeah, I know.
It should have gone.
Brian Seip.
So a cardiac cancer.
They had a big year.
You had a future on them
with the MVP.
Exactly.
So I went Browns.
I'm the one guy
from Western Pennsylvania
who decided to go Browns
and I paid for it
and never showed up.
Oh, you've been tortured.
You've been tortured.
And he came to Canada right after, right? But hockey- hockey wise i went from a guy with no chance never played oh never i mean you've never played uh never i mean i still can't skate 1981 i'm on the cover of my
hometown paper pushing a chair in the learn to skate program that's the closest i ever came to
ice hockey immortality but uh yeah i went from a guy
who could not buy a date in junior high or high school all of a sudden i got a little mini pack
to the penguins late 80s early no problem i thought it was my personality at the time but
pulling off the popcorn trick at the igloo yeah it was the tickets yeah but we all off the popcorn trick at the E-Gloop? Yeah, it was the tickets. Yeah. But we all know the popcorn.
It's amazing.
We all know the popcorn trick.
Just watch it more and I'll go end to end.
Yeah.
This is the only play they're up to.
You didn't successfully either.
Thanks for the trick.
I never was able to pull it off.
So it was me.
What I think it's incredible that what you do,
you don't really think about what you got to do to get to the top level.
I mean, 919 pro games, you get your chance in the nhl when you started doing it did you understand to get to
my like highest goal i'm gonna have to grind for a while well i wasn't talented like you so well
you're pretty talented i knew it wasn't gonna be a cup of coffee right i played in the coast
yeah i played in the zone easy come hard to leave right? And that was no question in my case.
You know, I grinded away and just
What was the first gig?
The first gig was in Colorado Springs,
the Colorado Gold Kings at the Broadmoor Arena.
So that was when Colorado College was still in the WCHA.
It was that league.
Obviously, you don't want to hear about that league.
No, no.
It was always the best.
Yeah.
We tried getting a coast team in that town.
Colorado Springs, the Big Horns.
Exactly.
No, it's actually the state animal.
Yeah.
We saw it work out.
It is.
We got pigeon tossed.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I was there.
You know, 2,000 fans a game.
Knew that wasn't going to last.
They went belly up in the summer. So, a choice of either anchorage alaska or greenville
south carolina and i'm the greenville was they were called the ground they had like eight r's
in there and i was like i don't think my dad the english professor would go for that so i'm gonna
go i'm gonna go alaska roll the dice and you know only game in town it was a blast and they got
great fans there great fans and great people as you know the alaskans in the
nhl are one but like six or seven of a kind uh were you there when they won it uh i was there
when they won it the year after we had gomer you know gomer's friend of the show oh yeah we're best
i'm not a name dropper he's literally the only nhl player that i would say i'm really good he's
the best great he's the best guy Like, no one dislikes him.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, we became close in 04, 05 when he was up there during the lockout.
Some guy took a run at him, broke his hip.
Yeah.
And then he came out in 05 and 06 and had the best year of his career.
That was where he got the 33 and 84 points.
Oh, yeah.
He signed the huge ticket after that.
Signed the huge ticket after that.
My buddy Justin Miser was on that Alaska team.
Justin Miser was a very good friend of mine.
Great guy.
He's the man.
A great guy.
I've kind of lost touch with him, but Miser would know.
Oh, he's unenviable.
So you kind of got used to where you are now,
and Edmonton being the only ticket in town when you were in Alaska.
Well, I would say the biggest adjustment for me, Biz,
was moving from the contiguous U.S. to Alaska.
Alaska to Edmonton was duck soup.
Going to Alaska, it's a different, they call it the last frontier for a reason.
Like, if you want to complain about the weather, they'll tell you where the airport is.
If there's disputes to be had, they don't mind driving 20 minutes outside town and whoever comes back.
Figure it out.
Like, if they had to vote again, I don't think they'd vote for statehood.
I'm just telling you that right now.
Like, yeah.
So, like, people having Donnie Brooks all the time.
Don't go up there with a Biden sticker.
No, no.
Don't.
Don't.
You won't.
Witt's got one on his bumper.
You won't come back.
Witt's got one on his bumper.
You won't come back.
Swing and win.
I got the win. Me and joe alaska they declare it like
the bull with the poles open like you don't have to wait you might have to wait for like two votes
which i already say never go there yeah yeah what was the like the biggest adjustment outside of
like the weather or anything like that just the whole acclimated to just that whole culture well
the thing with alaska is you do there is a sense of isolation because your commute is a three-hour
flight to seattle i mean think about it like you're you're nowhere near to begin the trip
yeah just to begin the trip and that's that's the way it went down in the miters is we would like
the seattle airport was like our home like that and then you peeled off to la and salt lake and
boise idaho and vegas and so it was a great league from that standpoint.
I racked up the frequent flyer miles, met a whole bunch of people.
As you know, the one thing Canadians don't realize is they think,
oh, major juniors, but minor pro.
There are so many people you meet in minor pro.
It's a surface.
It is amazing the people you meet up and down.
And that's why you have to be hopefully a pretty decent guy
because those people can eventually help you.
Yeah, you get weeded out.
Or they say, don't have a union on your way up.
Exactly.
How I got the Edmonton job was a former ace.
His name is Ryan Bass, Beastie is his nickname,
good friend of Gomer's.
He played a few games with the Philadelphia Flyers.
He happened to be the next-door neighbor of the chairman of the search committee.
I got lucky with you others.
They had never hired for the job before.
As you know, Rod Phillips had been here 38 years.
Hall of Fame announcer, Stone Cold, Mortal Lock.
They never hired.
He basically raised his hand in 1972.
He has.
At Rexall, they had a banner for him.
Is it still in Rogers?
Yeah, absolutely.
He was a legend.
Hall of Fame, announcer, person, all that,
and they just were looking at everyone.
So when I met you, you became the radio guy here when I was playing.
Great guy.
I knew right away you were going to be a TV guy at one point,
but I'm wondering, through the climb up, was there any moments you're like,
fuck, man, this is a grind, or did you love it all the whole time?
Did you ever think like, I don't know if I'm ever
getting up top. You're talking to a guy
that once had his flight cancelled
with the team behind him, because
I was the travel guy too, because of
a volcano erupting in Alaska.
I mean, he said it one
time. I mean, I don't know if I can
do that. It's a season.
You'd be like, when I was putting up dasher boards,
I was thinking this is what I went to school for four years.
I got to get an insurance job.
Sharpened skates, calling the game.
I mean, just unbelievable.
I mean, when I went to the boot and started to do the game and the minors,
that was the best part of my day because I was making
You're doing so much.
CHL, as you know, you're getting guys on planes to American League.
You know, people are saying, I don't want to room with this guy.
You know, where's my 30 a day for per diem?
I mean, like you're dealing with the.
Everything.
Of everything.
And you've got to be.
And, you know, on the road, you're hanging with the coach,
the trainer, and the equipment manager.
Those are the four guys.
That's your staff.
That's it. So, yeah, to answer your i mean gomer like that i remember the second road
trip we're on a bus ride from like bakersfield to san diego it wasn't even that long of a ride
it was like three and a half hours he's like this is i don't know we got a helicopter i mean
he no he quickly was like this is gonna be a little bit more than I imagined.
I thought, hey, I'm going to play with all my Alaska buddies.
That'd be one of the yogurt treatment.
Oh, yeah.
Only the home games.
The best story I have about that is, you know, the year he played,
Alaska wrapped up the top seed,
and so people were dive-bombing to get out of the last couple games,
and we were in Vegas to finish up the regular season before playoffs.
And, of course, Gomer was first on the list.
So he comes up, let me do color with you.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I don't know whether you remember a guy named B.J. Young,
minor league player, but he was on the Terry Ryan Red Deer team,
that Red Deer team in the 90s.
So it was a pretty notable reputation.
Yeah, there's a whole look up red.
Like, there's, yeah, they've got a reputation.
But bottom line is, is some huge dude comes up right up in the middle
of our broadcast, middle of our broadcast,
and he's getting Gomer's attention.
Gomer finally takes the headset off, and the guy goes,
you tell BJ the cowboy's looking for him.
So we did the rest of the game, like this 6'8", 300-pound So we did the rest of the game,
like this 6'8", 300 pound,
we did the rest of the game. And I remember
we went down right after the game. Even
Gomer was freaked out. Hey, BJ,
the cowboy's looking for you. BJ's like,
eh, F that guy.
You're like, I don't think that's a cowboy from
Brokeback. Yeah, that's the kind of stuff
minor hockey, like, yeah, it happens.
Yeah, while we're on minor hockey, the coast is one thing, and did a lot of time there a lot of soggy so did you ever think
at least going to the ahl and get out of alaska the problem was is alaska's only game in town and
i'm doing everything i'm selling sponsorships i actually believe it or not i made more money
the last couple years in alaska than i did like my first year in the end no shit i carved
out a nice little kind of gig for so going to the american league for 40 grand a year when i have a
wife and two young kids it was out of the question okay yeah not gonna happen we we've talked a lot
about alaska i want to know uh wildlife experiences anything crazy up there oh yeah i have a i have a
picture somewhere on my phone of a moose jumping after my dog. I dropped the camera to go get the dog.
It was the old digital camera age.
And when I came back, like, I don't know what happened.
I must have adrenalized or whatever.
But, yeah, there was a picture of literally midair jump after my dog.
Yeah, moose are calm because they don't like the deep snow.
So in the wintertime, you're driving along, you pull up a stoplight.
It's not uncommon to be like that.
And they can get going.
It's all good.
They're mean.
They don't like, but they can only go in straight lines.
So if you ever irritate them, it's just a zigzag.
You don't even have to zigzag.
Step four feet.
Steep roll right past.
Any video or picture?
Did that get to Biz on the ice?
Well, I was going to say, Biz was known as playing in straight lines,
but out of necessity.
Any video or pictures of you
juking a moose or no?
No.
You wouldn't snap one then?
Yeah, but Alaska,
it was an exotic place.
You know who had a girlfriend up there
who actually did a period with me?
Boston Zone, Steven Tyler.
Oh, no shit, huh?
I don't know whether he's still dating.
They had a long-term relationship,
but yeah.
And he came on during the game?
How'd that go?
Oh, it was beauty.
I mean, he was great.
I mean, Alaska, usually they don't.
Again, you see, we had Elle up there shooting the,
what was the bear movie that was chasing Anthony Hopkins all over?
Oh, the beer.
No, the beer.
Yeah, yeah.
Not cocaine there. sorry this is pre-cocaine yes we are oh great move i thought you're on the shark natal route there my god yeah took a right
took a right turn but uh but yeah steven is, and we had a whole bunch of people.
They were kind of freaked out by them, so they were taking the pictures.
Usually, Alaskans don't give you the time of day.
It's the best place to be a celebrity because they don't really care.
They don't give a shit.
Yeah.
You're a big Aerosmith fan.
That's right, Biz.
You were a big Aerosmith fan before that.
I grew up in the 80s.
I mean, I do recognize the one album.
They had three tunes that were basically the same tune.
Perfect Vacation.
No, remember they had Cryin'
Crazy and Maze. If you
break it down, those are actually
the exact same song.
The Armageddon song's one of them, right?
That was a little later.
That came later.
But they had
that three song situation.
That's when MTV was huge.
They were on the top ten MTV.
Wayne's World, back
end of Wayne's World. Alicia Silverstone. She was in all
the videos then. Yeah. Who wasn't?
My first ever concert,
Aerosmith. Yeah. Have you always
had this energy? I could see where your cadence
comes from, right? When you're calling games, have you
always been this, wow, whoa.
No one
wants a sleepy,
mellow, nice broadcaster, do they? No, no. I don't think so. You guys are going broadcaster no no i don't think so bring it i don't think so
at least have to toss in the odd f-bomb or something right i mean you can't just
you can't just show up and you know what so i never eat i mean believe it or not i never eat
before games it's after yeah yeah before, that gets me into trouble.
But actually, before the game, I like to go on hungry,
because again, you don't want to be sleepy and satisfied.
So when you got the job here, you're replacing a legend.
You must have took some heat, right?
Were there fans?
Who is this fucking guy?
I didn't like the whole, you know, it was like,
why did we have to go get an American?
That kind of thing.
But that, you know what I found's it's probably not unlike a player if you do you you put in the
work you're a good teammate over time yeah if you can't expect it right away you're right you can't
expect it right away and as you might remember i was i was probably a different guy those first
couple years that you know you've grown into your career as a broadcaster, no doubt.
Also, who was I to come in with the same kind of personality, which I always had.
If you remember those first couple years, I was all business.
Just let me earn something before I start cracking jokes or whatever.
Let me kind of put in my time.
I mean, I'm a rookie again again even though i'm 35 years old like
yeah i'm to these guys who the hell am i in fact i remember sitting down with penner like oh
and he could be a little rough if he wanted to not talk he would just
silence and like 10 minutes into the interview he goes who exactly are you
yeah just like yeah but you know him he's very dry he's not a mean spirited
guy but like that was a check as if like hey don't assume everything make sure you introduce
yourself i still do that to this day like even with guys i mean some of them are like seriously
jack like i've known you 14 like you've been in the locker room a lot you don't have to keep in
but like yeah when i'm in
an opposing room i never assume anything you know you try to try to be that guy and then if you get
to know him obviously then you can have some i mean and then when you cut when you came to edward
then you were having to put cherries on top of some shit sundays i mean what do you think of
those team what do you remember about those teams well we were getting shrugged yeah i mean i honestly the one year
the one year habby was playing out of his mind we were in the playoffs the day of the deadline
exactly yeah so at least we had something going 100 100 and and i mean i'm not just saying this
because i'm on the show but honestly that team might have taken a baby step forward might have
been a playoff contender you got hurt and that kind of yeah you
know you were having a real good season you're a big plus player on a on a you know a fairly
ordinary yeah we were doing all right but a little bit along okay and and uh again those are the kinds
of things that happen like you know they were cursed it felt just new just rookie year was
having a great year and then it looked like a sniper in chicago got him yeah he was in chicago
and tripped over the blue line
and separated his shoulder.
Yeah, and he would have been the call.
I think he would have won the call to that year over Landiske.
I mean, people, again, it was one of those things,
and Nugent is still, to this point, still underrated.
It all goes back to that first year.
In other words, we had enough.
We had some good players, but not enough to be a serious contender.
And remember, Nugent and those guys came in in when what did you have in the western conference i mean marty hansel
might have been the sixth best center and he was a giant six foot six 230 pounds how would you like
to play that if you're nuge coming in at you know six one and 195 or what he had no protection you
had and then you had kopitar and kessler and the siddines which
would skill you to death i mean there was no relief get slough i mean it was it was ugly back
then for those young water teams they just didn't have the muscle they didn't have the veteran guile
that you know obviously all of a sudden the others today or you know they're the oldest team in the
league how did that happen? But it somehow happened.
Like, Jack, when did you realize you had the pipes like that you do have?
Did someone point that out to you?
Did you kind of realize someday, you know, I get a pretty smooth, velvety voice here?
Well, I think in fourth or fifth grade when I kept being the kid that got moved,
except instead of the other troublemakers, like I was always the guy who got moved.
And I wouldn't ask my teacher, even like at the age of nine, I was kind of pissed.
And I was like, hey hey why did i get moved like i wasn't you know i i wasn't throwing my buddies under the
bus but i kind of was i was like hey that wasn't me and they're like well you can't whisper like
you're you're the worst with irish whisper so yeah well and my mom is irish so you know i yeah so
hey this guy sucks yeah he can hear And again, my lack of athletic ability.
I think I started to just and you're an only child and you're trying to get in the mix with, you know, the cool kids and junior high.
So you just start elevating your voice to an obnoxious level, the likes of which no one has ever seen.
So eventually you become heard.
You just demand to be heard.
And that's when I was like, yeah, it's a ball involved.
you just demand to be heard and that's when i was like yeah it's a ball involved i would say that the the maybe the the favorite edmonton personality at least within the internet is the stoff the
stoffs a legend right and we all love him we know him like yeah what do you remember about first
meeting him because some of the combos with him i could go on and on about how the stuff he says
you're like a little off i could sit with you all day they broke the mold i mean they broke the mold with that dude i i i kind of joke because as he knows a lot though oh oh no you know
everything about the oil oh 100 i mean i've never met a bigger fan in my life than stop but i i kind
of joke that i believe he might have been like created on the set of like terminator 2 because
like if he walks along you'll notice
one arm's down here and one's shaking over here he's kind of like and he doesn't sweat like we
were in fort lauderdale the other day and i'm leaking like albert brooks from broadcast news
probably not a good reference for here for me yeah yeah like for our vintage yes people these
guys are like what the but in any event bottom line is I was leaking, and he's not sweating. I've seen some pictures of him sweating.
There's a legendary fan on this YouTube, and he's leaking.
Okay, yeah, I think he's kind of part cyborg.
I really believe that.
And that certainly goes for his brain.
Louie calls him the brain.
You're going to have Louie on a little bit later.
Like, he does soak up and remember everything this one that's right
oh yeah he's a little he's a little glist he might have just had some drinks the night before
he's glistening there but yeah all-time character i the edmonton sports media scene is you know is
is filled with character it is yeah it is you got the spec everyone reads spec yeah oh yeah no i i
mean it's it's you know what it's a great town to be part
of because you know they care like that's the one thing is what i do which is pretty trivial in the
grand scheme of things but it matters here yeah and i would be lying if my ego wasn't fed by that
like it's important to me that people think it's important like that people think me calling a
hockey game is is fun
and they get behind it and that and that can't help but make you feel good right that that what
you do matters yeah and i think that's what i love about being in this city is yes i have a trivial
job it's not even a job it's whatever but it is it means something to people yeah they they live
like they listen with their relatives and I think that's kind of cool.
It is, yeah.
How do you toe that line of being a fan but not sounding too much like a homer,
like our friend in Boston?
Well, he's paid to be a homer.
Yeah, but you're kind of a homer, but you still want to keep it pro a little bit, correct?
Go back to Witt's teams.
I mean, did I really want to talk about a team that was out of it?
In November.
You gain an
appreciation for who you're playing against i mean all those guys like i said i mean i you know a lot
of a lot of you know my colleagues might not have had an appreciation for like how good of a player
marty hansel was for instance but when you're on a bad team when you're broadcasting games for
you know a team that's nowhere near playoff contention you start paying attention to it almost by osmosis you start paying attention to the other teams because
you don't want to slag your team you want to build up the other team so it's like okay i can
understand why they're losing right oh and here's why okay here's why here's how many so and the
other thing is like i still believe the nhl's got the world's greatest athletes i really do
and you honestly like yes there's the odd bad game where you're like,
boy, neither team had it that night.
But most nights, there's eight or nine guys on each team
that are just unreal.
And I still kind of remember that.
Maybe it's the minor league background,
but you've got unbelievable players.
And again, when you're broadcasting for a subpar team,
you can't help but look around.
I mean, that Pacific Division back then,
every team had eight or nine unbelievable guys.
The West was really strong.
That's why Chicago and LA basically traded the title every year.
It was just that good.
I was going to go back to you said the people care in town.
Obviously, a big responsibility for you is to talk about the current team, it was just that good i was going to go back to you said like the the people care in town obviously
a big responsibility for you is to talk about the current team but also like the history of the team
and they've had so much success so how how much time did it take you to get to learn all that
coming in or were you more of a hockey historian where you were aware of their cup runs and and
who helps who had a helping hand and a lot of those guys too are still around so i'm sure you
were able to learn off of them you see you guys don't know what it's like you and biz don't know what it's
like to act and to be a nerd you're athletes you're you know never never had any trouble
yeah never had any trouble you know the dating scene or anything i don't know about that but
for guys like me like yeah absolutely and here's the thing is i, the Penguins were lousy when I first started watching.
So who do you hate if you're a Pittsburgh Penguins fan?
You hate the Flyers.
Who do the Flyers play?
Two Stanley Cup finals right when I was getting into hockey, Edmonton.
So who's your second favorite team by accident?
Yeah.
Edmonton.
So I knew all of that.
Like, I would.
And plus, like, you're lobbying your parents.
Well, I want the, you know, can I watch the second game of the ESPN doubleheader?
And then, you know, all right, we'll let you watch a period.
You know, it's really cool.
I can learn about, you know, just make up stuff, right?
All I wanted to do.
And I just remember, like, this iced over, you know, well, let's send it out to Edmonton, Alberta.
Top E's would be on, you know, whatever.
You know, and it was inevitably like edmonton calgary
edmonton whatever and and so yeah you started following the team it wasn't just hating the
flyers now you're kind of behind the oilers so by the time i got to where i was affording tickets
my dream was obviously and i think all of us would have loved to see at some point an oiler penguin
final it never happened but that would have been i mean for me late 80s
early 90s that's what i was always hoping for yeah is edmonton pittsburgh in the final let's
even in 90 when they got the bruins like maybe the penguins so lemieux mess even though gretzky
was gone right like it would have been it would have been cool so that's kind of the answer to
your question where i was i was you were well was dialed. And the other thing about being here once you get here and and wit knows this because he was here a short time.
But those guys are unbelievable, like unbelievably approachable.
Obviously, you know, you work with Gretz all the time.
It it says something when the best guys in the history of the game are the best guys.
Right. Gretz like Paul Coffee. It says something when the best guys in the history of the game are the best guys, right?
Gretz, Paul Coffey.
Couldn't it be kinder to me?
And he's in the midst of it, but he still comes back even now in the crucible of the Stanley Cup final.
Spent an hour on the plane chatting and just he's a good guy.
These are good guys.
And maybe it's just being secure in their own skin what they did as good guys and maybe it's just being secure in their
own skin what they did as players or maybe it's just they were phenomenal people and edmonton was
so lucky to have that big of a group of phenomenal people and all of them are great like you know
yeah and they're all still around like not all the time but they'll be here yeah when i was here at
least you'd see him randomly and you're right they are approachable they'll come in the room
talk to the guys and then and it does make the organization pretty cool
because it goes back to their great teams and their greatness,
and you look forward to that happening again.
Like a passing of the guard.
I mean, you brought up Paul Coffey.
Could you have envisioned him hopping behind as a D coach
and him being tenant of that, too?
Well, I wasn't sure how that would work out, to be honest with you.
I wasn't like, oh, it's a slam dunk success because he hadn't done it.
But the one thing Paul does, and I should have known that because we had become friends by that point.
We were good friends, and he's got an old school mentality.
And I know that a lot of people initially always say, well, you can't talk to those players
like the way you once could.
I think when you've got a resume like Koff, he does communicate.
I don't know.
Like talk it a little bit.
Because they did it, it makes it a little easier to be the bad guy.
If it's somebody who never played, whether that's right or wrong,
but if it's Paul Koff, you Rick talk it, you're like, all right.
That's the background.
You don't want to be known as the guy buttonheads with Paul Coffey.
Well, it's also not just about being the bad guy.
Here's one of the things, and Chris Knobloch deserves a ton of credit,
but Paul Coffey came in.
The defenseman didn't sit all together.
Coffey changed the room.
I'm sure maybe you guys already knew.
Oh, no.
Day one, so when they made the change chris knobloch's a
head coach cough went to chris and said hey do you mind if i sit all the d together and chris is
to his credit wasn't you know he doesn't seem to have an ego at all exactly secure in his own skin
so he said absolutely cough do what you need to do so he sits all the defensemen together and he i
mean and you're gonna have louie on and he'll tell you the same thing he just told the d like hey and he built a team within a team and and cop was the kind of guy i
think you would love play for him he's like forget the forwards like they're gonna get all their
credit anyways we can make plays too like start making plays we are capable of being a really
good decor and it starts with do the things you always did. You were all-star players at some point.
Have that same level of confidence.
I'm never going to pull you.
I'm never going to sit you down for trying to make a play.
If you're tentative and indecisive, then we're going to have problems.
But go out there and show the people why you're one of the world's best defensemen,
one of the top six playing on one of the best teams in the NHL
because that's what you are.
So forget all the accolades those guys are gonna get and he loves but that's what you do right you build a team within a team internal competition and like never trust the forward stuff like that
like it's all it's our team within the team and as a d-man wouldn't you have loved to hear that
oh yeah i was just like off the ice yeah change yeah exactly like for once you've got
a guy now not just talking about one 120 point and trust me i mean leon and connor great teammates
like that's it wasn't a slight on them it was just hey puff your chest out a little bit yeah
we're different mindset too right and the d the d really took to it i'm telling you it made a
difference and again i don't know what about the X's and O's.
Obviously, Stewie's done a great job with a penalty kill.
I mean, they just had a long streak,
snapped a club record streak for penalty kills.
So I think X's and O's would be maybe his specialty.
But Koss' ability to communicate, I think,
goes far beyond what any of us thought. Again, first-time coach,
you're kind of, well, let's see how it works out. And he just dove in there with both feet,
put in the work, and got on a level with the players where I think they really have embraced
and respect. And for you getting to do every game, you're witnessing McDavid nonstop. So all
these people in the East that see the highlights, you're seeing every mcdavid non-stop so all these people in the east that
see the highlights you're seeing every play 82 games a year it's amazing to get to announce that
i'm sure but is there anything that like people maybe don't know about him that you see do you
know what i'm saying like within the team like he seems so quiet and reserved and then he explodes
on the ice but i don't know if it's a little different when he's around the guys and not
everyone not all the media is around and stuff well I think you guys have kind of seen a glimpse
with some of those post-game interviews.
He does have a dry sense of humor.
I don't know whether you caught the question.
They were asking him about the prospects, and he's like,
yeah, I was talking to them, and they said they really enjoyed the combine,
and he was like, I don't know what the hell that means.
You don't have to give me the stock answer.
I'm like, you don't have to say you enjoyed the combine.
Why would you, right?
So he's got a dry sense of  I'll tell you this, though,
and it goes for the whole team.
What you don't see about McDavid and Drysaddle in terms of the total leadership,
they did something kind of silly for me last year.
I hit 1,000 games, and we were on a road trip the next day.
So it was one of those where we played and then right on a road trip uh the next day so it was one of those where we
where we played and then right on the road the next day and conor mcdave was the first and then
not the last because literally every guy on the team said hey congrats on a thousand yeah so
imagine like little things so i kind of took that as like that's what makes a guy such a good leader
like why would he bother paying
attention first of all it's like for a broadcaster it's much less of a milestone players well you
know you're not eating before games that's a that's a big that's a big thing you get for
up for a soccer fun i used to push wit out of the way to get to the buffet line afterwards
uh which made things a little awkward at times but a bottom line is is i just thought i appreciated that like i i was a little kind of self-effaced like hey you didn't need to do that
like during the game they did a little thing but then when the players took time out to kind of say
that like that tells you you're dealing with a good group of people right yeah and and that's i
think one of the things that's made edmonton good the last couple years is they are not one of the
younger team and i'm not saying a young team can't be a good group of people,
but we're talking about fully formed adults.
We're talking about guys who have interests beyond just video games and
playing hockey.
They,
a lot of these guys have conversations.
I mean,
Zach Hyman has spoken out on a few things.
They're,
they're fully like,
you know,
they've either got,
you know,
spouses or now that some of them have kids
they're i think they're just they've grown up they've grown up and i think all of us remember
like as you grow up you do have more empathy towards people and it's an easy group to work
for for that and i'm kind of rambling a little bit but that's no you're asking me why is he
making his own beer runs that's a well that was the one what the fuck is going on i don't know i don't know
what's that's but that's him too right he's not big time and i mean if i'll tell you right you
got people making you beer i'll tell you right now i'd have louis grabbing me first of all first
of all i know he's not gonna drink it because he's still sober oh okay but secondly i know that
you know he'd probably have to you know ask his
wife to go with him and then she would pick me out a good beer so absolutely i would utilize that
right so i mean that's the thing is uh he is he's he's a down-to-earth guy and the fact that like
again you just remember little things like that especially when you're on the periphery of the
team you're not in the locker room all the time i mean mean, as you know, there's a separation, right?
I know the guys to a certain level, but I don't
intrude on their lives. I don't get their phone numbers
or anything like that. So when they do take time
out, it means a lot. We have to probably clarify
the people listening to this. This is after the playoffs.
This is going to air. So it's currently
2-0 for the Florida Panthers.
How are the Edmonton Oilers going to get back in the series
and will they? Well, I think
they can and here's why. Florida is a very good team and I would say the same thing about Edmonton Oilers going to get back in the series, and will they? Well, I think they can, and here's why.
Florida is a very good team, and I would say the same thing about Edmonton.
You're talking about two elite teams, but I don't think either of them are so overwhelming
that you can envision them losing four out of five.
I mean, Florida lost four out of five as recently as the end of March, beginning of April.
I mean, it can happen so in other words you're not necessarily playing like the 13 hawks or the
the 20 lightning i don't mean any disrespect to either team but i think they haven't won it and
there's not this aura of invincibility yet now who knows one of these two teams might end up running off three cups in five years. We
don't know that, but at this point, you can envision a comeback in this series. I mean,
Florida's clearly the better team. I don't see, I don't know how you could make that assessment
based on the fact that Bobrovsky absolutely stole game one. For 32 minutes, for the first 32 minutes,
Edmondson was skating rings around Florida. Now, it happened to be 2-0, but the shots are 24-8, and in that situation, sometimes the shot clock lies.
Shot clock didn't lie.
That one did.
I mean, Edmondson totally dominated that game.
Now, Florida came right back, and again, as I told a bunch of Oilers fans after Game 1,
hey, Florida's not thinking, oh, that was the blueprint in Game 1.
They're going to come out much better.
So Florida was
much better in game two, but I don't think
they're appreciably
better. I don't think either team is appreciably
better than the other. Now, one
may handle this particular
series far better than
I would have anticipated, because I'll tell
you what, the one thing that would have surprised me
entering the Stanley Cup Finals is a short series. I did not think the Oilers would steamroll the
Panthers and I didn't think the other to be true I will say this I go by the adage maybe it's old
school or whatever series doesn't begin until road team wins a game Edmonton's got to win one
I went on a little rant the other night after game two and saying like you have two generational
talents and it's
Crosby Malkin when they were down 0-2 the second year against Detroit if if they don't show up and
light it up then they're probably done but they're that good where I just can't picture tomorrow night
them not like having a big night like I they're the type of players that that don't end up
disappointing in what seems like the biggest moment of their career.
So that's my thing on it. Now, if that doesn't happen, I'm completely wrong once again, but... And there's a track record of it. Your comments aren't an opinion. They're actual fact. I mean,
McDavid... Crosby had no points through the first two games in 0-9.
Right. But also, McDavid and Dreisaitl are two of the four leading scorers in the history of the game,
points per game in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
The other two guys are 99 and 66.
If you don't know they who are, check another podcast.
So, I mean, they will produce.
Now, what I would say to you, Biz, is they've got to get guys.
They've got to have their Lundell.
They've got to have their Rodriguez step up in these moments.
So they're going to need more than just those two.
They can't win it with just those two.
I agree from that standpoint is they could beat some of the other playoff teams
they've faced with just those two going.
They're not going to beat Florida, certainly not four out of five,
with just those two going. They're going to need a Florida, certainly not four out of five, with just those two going.
They're going to need a team,
and they're going to need some of their guys,
again, to fashion the kind of work
that we've seen some of Florida's
supplementary players fashion
in the first two games.
Do you enjoy in the playoffs,
once it goes national,
where you're doing back to the radio?
I'm covering the Stanley Cup final.
Yeah.
I mean, you could ask me to,
I could sing the games. Do you announce them different? No. Okay. I mean, you could ask me to, I could sing the games.
Do you announce them different?
No.
Okay.
I mean, not in terms of passion, but obviously on the radio, I'm painting a picture.
Yeah, so you do have to give more detail.
A lot more verbiage, a lot more, yeah, TV is-
A lot more airtime too, right?
Well, yeah.
I mean, for me, I'm driving 90 of the show and then Stoff pipes in.
hey, I'm driving 90 of the show and then stoff pipes.
And when I'm on TV working with Lou, it's more of a casual conversation. And I know Louie doesn't spend a lot of time in bars,
but what we like is the feeling of, hey, we're inviting you in.
Get a seat between us.
We're up on a stool.
We're watching a game.
That's how we envision the telecast.
On the radio broadcast, you've got to be
ultimately detailed because you're you're not seeing anything i'm i'm your guide dog basically
right so yeah while we're on this subject i know there's a lot of listeners out there would love
to be in your position someday what's the best advice you could give somebody like that if you're
thinking you're getting wealthy don't choose this profession i mean that there's no i mean there are
some wonderfully talented people that
i suppose took a shorter road than i i would tell you there's there's not a lot of shortcuts i mean
you you've got to put in the time and you need some luck i mean there's a lot of quality announcers
out there that haven't had the chance to do what i do not because i'm better but because they didn't
get the break i got i mean that's your buddy who's the neighbor of the guy trying to find a radio announcer it's like exactly like you need a little luck you do and
and i mean that's a tough thing to tell a young person especially now i'm you know it's it's they
they want that instant paycheck they want that instant gratification that instant more than ever
yeah it's and i'm not i'm not criticizing them i get
it like i think that's one one of the things we've seen out of social media is you can become an
instant star doing whatever it is you do on instagram or tiktok or whatever you can self
make yourself but but in this particular game you you've got to put in the work you've got to put in
the miles and and you've got to get a little bit lucky. And that's like a lousy thing to tell someone.
I mean, basically what I'm saying.
Well, it's the truth, though.
And it's like, you know, you dream of being in the NHL.
There's 600 roster spots, whatever.
There's 32 of you.
And so it's like it's looking at like trying to be a GM.
Like there's just so few spots.
You've got to be realistic, I think, and be willing to grind knowing it may never happen.
That's the thing.
Even for players outside of maybe the top 100 in the league.
And I would think you'd agree with me,
Whit,
at some point you need a coach to believe in you.
Rob Scuderi.
There you go.
Certainly you,
Biz,
like you needed a coach to be like,
Hey,
this guy has something.
He had Twitter.
Well,
I actually had the opposite.
They were like,
you can't play D anymore.
You can't even play your position anymore.
I just needed the coach to believe in my backwards skating.
Yeah, there you go.
I mean, honestly, but you do need help from certain guys
that elevate you into a platform where, hey,
now some of my abilities can kind of take over,
and I can take it from there.
It's all adrenaline adrenaline your call that went
crazy viral the last i think what minute 30 of 06 against dallas incredible like you can't you
can't plan it because it's 2-1 you don't know what's going to happen so at the end of that you
must just be breathing heavy right like that's emotion that's just energy the entire it was a
great we have to give a mouth-to-mouth that that's where that's where the pipes come in and and louis would be the first to tell you that guy never gets tired like
i mean i do i'll i'll yell all day you like if it's like he's seen me on the golf course if i
get rolling and you know and feel like giving you the gears a little bit i'll go all day long like
i am i am the worst kind of person to be around other
than that circumstance especially if i said so i've got you on the ropes a little bit that's
well that's what happens when you go to college like yeah you gotta know how to take one and get
yes you get a group of buddies and it's just they're just waiting for you to say something
wrong and then it's like eight people like you idiot you know i mean that's the way it goes
right and that's the kind of buddies that I had.
So certainly when I sense any kind of weakness, I'll keep going.
So no, the pipes, thankfully, they haven't given out just yet.
I'm sure everyone around me is looking forward to that day,
but right now they're still going.
Even after games.
To Bill Brask.
Well, he was on an unreal job, man.
It's great to have you on.
You got anything else?
One last, I don't know if you have a contract situation,
but we got an opening in Boston just now.
Long discussion.
We're going to Boston.
Celtics.
What?
Wow.
Tampering.
This is tampering.
This is bad karma, by the way, down 0-2 in the Stanley Cup.
What else should we be talking about?
We're dropping away.
I know.
Well, it's on ABC.
But yeah, we do have an opening.
Well, Jack Edwards is gone. They haven't replaced him. He's aware already. All right. He knows what to talk about. All know. Well, it's on ABC. But yeah, we do have an opening. Well, Jack Edwards is gone.
They haven't replaced him.
He's aware already.
He knows what to talk about.
He's aware.
He retired.
The Bruins are a team in the NHL.
Went off to the Leafs.
Went off to the Leafs.
All right.
This is great, Jack.
Thank you so much.
You do a great job.
And congratulations on all your success.
I appreciate that.
Thanks so much for having me on.
My pleasure.
It was all ours.
What's up, guys?
Before we go any further,
I need to talk to you about Viator.
We mentioned Pasha's on his little excursion trip
over to Europe right now,
and Viator helped a ton with that.
It makes it so simple to do what you want to do
and enjoy your vacation the way
you want without having to stress over different decisions and where to go eat and where to fly
into. And Viator makes it just easy. And when you're on vacation, that's what you want. You
want things simple. You want things easy. And that's why Viator is the best. It's a tool you
can use to plan and book all your travel experiences all around the world. The Viator app and website make it easy to explore 300,000 plus travel experiences so
you can discover what's out there no matter where you're traveling and what you're interested in.
Viator helps you plan the perfect vacation experiences for you and your family.
Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected.
300,000 plus travel experiences to choose from
means you can plan something
that everyone you're traveling with will all enjoy.
So it doesn't have to be like,
ah, this guy doesn't want to go do this,
but we got to do this.
No, everyone can do their own thing
because there's so many different options.
24-7 customer service.
So you can know you'll get support at any hour
if things aren't going as planned,
which is a huge relief.
It's not going to be closed.
You're going to be able to call
and get everything figured out if something goes wrong.
And real traveler reviews.
So you get to hear insider information from people who have already been on the experience
that you're actually considering and you want to do.
You're going to be able to read what everyone enjoyed or maybe didn't enjoy about that activity
that you want Viator to plan for you.
So download the Viator app now and use code VIATOR10 for 10 off your first booking in the app.
Find travel experiences for you.
Do more with Viator.
Thank you very much, Jack Michaels.
Awesome interview.
We enjoyed our time with him, so we want to say thank you to him.
And just quickly to wrap this thing up, this tweet from Puckpedia says,
And just quickly to wrap this thing up,
this tweet from Puckpedia says,
for the Oilers to match both,
this could basically get them a compliant roster opening night.
Kane to long-term injury reserve, which obviously would have to be all year.
So that is a question Biz already brought up.
Matthew Savoy up in the NHL.
Derek Ryan down in the AHL.
And Troy Stetcher down in the AHL.
So, yeah, I mean, if you say it like that, it's like, oh, that could work.
That could easily work.
But it's just
Yeah, play with three lines in 5D all year.
Just to squeeze these guys in.
There's just so many different things.
It's so hard.
Being a GM, man, people think I think it's somewhat of a cakewalk.
I think it's got to be one of the most stressful things you could ever do,
being involved in pro hockey.
It's just trying to figure everything out and being the man in charge
who has to take the credit or just get shit on when things go bad.
So they're paid handsomely, but it's not an easy job.
Speaking of GMs making moves and players moving around,
Patrick Laine is a Montreal Canadian biz.
And I won't say shocking, considering he was given permission to talk to teams,
him and his agent.
Him and his agent did talk to Ken Hughes in Montreal.
And kind of they obviously were satisfied in the discussion with him
on where he's at mentally and physically.
And the Canadians traded Jordan Harris from Montreal
along with a second rounder, I believe.
Montreal got a second rounder with line A,
kind of basically to take that cap hit
off of Columbus's hands.
It's a lot of money.
With Montreal being very deep
at the defensive position with prospects,
I kind of love this deal.
I love this move.
This is like, Montreal needs goal scorers.
They need size. Now
line A can be such a dog
and be so lazy and there's times
you're like, what the hell is this guy doing?
But if he's focused and
he's determined and
he's feeling it and you got a second
rounder in return, which could also
and I'm not sure exactly what year the second
rounder is, but Columbus could be horrible again.
I mean, that could be a really high second round pick if it is this year.
Maybe it's the year after. I don't know.
It's exciting with him in Montreal because of that fan base
and what they're starting to crave and how that team is looking to the future.
The fan base has been patient, but they also love a flashy goal score.
They love a comeback story too.
Yeah, they love a comeback story, and now this guy's going in,
and the skill has never been questioned.
The shot has never been questioned.
The size, the reach, he's got it all.
It's does he want to play.
And now with a guy like Martin St. Louis,
who seems to be very, very good at getting guys fired up and getting guys excited and giving guys specific
roles on what i need from you these new age style coaches i think that this could be a pretty cool
story and i think you could see line a if he's in shape and he's focused if he gets 35 goals would
anyone be that surprised no at least i wouldn't be when i agree with you in the martin st louis
thing too like sometimes with i don't want to say soft is the bad word but sometimes some of these new skill
guys need to to be coddled a little bit and i feel like martin saint louis has probably seen
his fair share of guys exactly like them like him throughout his time playing so for him to come in
and try to get the best out of them i don't think that's going to be that difficult uh he's had a
few off years and maybe lacked a little bit of motivation.
I think that fan base is going to spark,
especially if he gets off to a hot start,
a couple goals in the first couple games.
They're going to fall in love with this guy,
and it's a no-risk move.
You had to fill in some of these top-line roles
with some competent guys and take a little focus
off the other young stars in the lineup, and hopefully he teaches them a thing or two so i i love it i i
think this is a team that i'm starting to fall in love with i know a lot of ottawa fans think we're
fucking crazy based on where we think ottawa is versus montreal they seem to think they're going
to be a bottom five team uh for the next five years i could see a lot more growth and maybe a surprise team
in the East to be able to nip one of those wildcard playoff spots.
Maybe I'm talking crazy, but they have good young net mining.
They have a good young decor and they have a lot of young forwards that are out to prove
a lot.
Like think of how many people were shitting on Slavkovsky.
So he's got to be coming off with a chip in his shoulder.
I mean, you know?
Yeah, I do.
I think that they're, I don't think they're playoffs yet.
I'd be shocked if they're in the mix for the playoffs.
Now, maybe with 30 games to go, they're, you know,
right there a couple points out,
but I just don't see them making it this year.
But if this year is a growing year and like, yeah, like I said, like in March, they still got somewhat of a chance, even though you're like, that doesn't look great.
That's a step up.
That's all you need.
When these organizations are going through these years, it's just it's tiny little baby steps.
It's like one step forward, two step back.
But then all of a sudden it becomes a little bit easier to see the future and see what's going on.
But now, like, up front, when you think of Suzuki, who's totally proven himself as a point producer, he can play defensive hockey, he's a great player, good captain, from what it seems.
I mean, we interviewed him.
He said about three words.
But that doesn't matter when you're a captain, right?
You can be a quiet leader.
But then Caulfield and Slavkovsky making that jump after i was ripping on him last
year how how good he looked and most importantly kirby doc coming back now health has been an issue
for him but if that kid is able to stay healthy like i think right there adding lining to that
crew and that core there could be some big time jumps this year from development and in developmental
wise for guys that are like
all right we see a bright future here now i like what you're saying about kind of no risk now it's
a bunch of money but that's not that's really not like montreal they're not in any sort of cap jam
right now that's a front wipe that's a front wipe for the, just a quick front wipe. Yeah. That's a couple days of beer sales.
Like, I think Montreal trading Harris just made sense.
Like, this one thing I'm reading, like, Arbor Jack, Justin Barron,
Jaden Struble, Lane Hudson, Logan Mayhew, our young defenseman,
like, his spot was already a little questionable.
Like, it's an asset that you're able to move.
Kind of similar that when I was traded from Pittsburgh, it it's like we got latang and goligoski we don't need this fucking freaky ankle big-eared punk we don't need this guy anymore get
rid of him and bring in kunit so sometimes when you have a surplus of at one position it's a lot
easier and then you're taking this risk of like oh dude we could we could be getting the 40 goal
guy now it hasn't been a 40 goal guy in quite a while but a new surroundings and i did appreciate
what don waddell said in that like we don't want anyone here that that doesn't want to be a part
of the columbus blue jackets like we need people who are proud to be playing here who want to be
a blue jacket who want to have success here and get this team turned around and And when he made it clear, I don't want to be here anymore,
it's like, all right, buddy, we're going to do whatever we can to get rid of you.
And they did.
So it's an exciting move.
It's just like if he'd gone to, say, there's 25 teams he could have gone to
where it's like, all right, let's see where it goes.
But when you go to Montreal, it just adds to the kind of mystique
of what is the storyline going to be
and you did say if he gets off to a hot start then all of a sudden the crowd gets behind him
now there's another side of that if he plays bad yeah he plays bad no I think it I don't think
it'll be that I don't think it'll be as as bad as you think because the expectations overall
aren't there I just think it adds another exciting storyline
for the Montreal Canadiens going into next year.
They handed over Slavkoski, the big deal.
They got Lane Hudson coming in.
The other kid who just signed as a defenseman
got the six-time-six groulet.
Goulet.
Goulet.
For the past couple years I really honestly
Didn't give a flying fuck what was going on with the
Montreal Canadiens where now all of a sudden
Going in I do I think that they
Could be a surprise team and
If you're the Buffalo Sabres or you're the
Ottawa Senators if they finish higher
Than you in the standings you're an absolute
Fucking joke right
That's those teams
Gotta be praying not to finish below the Montreal Canadiens
because their fan bases will be fucking blowing up.
They're going to be going crazy.
Could you imagine being a Buffalo Sabres fan and seeing the Montreal
Canadians finish higher than you in the standings in this upcoming season
and not making playoffs again?
You're going to flip your fucking lid.
That's a season ticket cancellation
waiting to happen right there.
Lindy Ruffer not with.
So pressure's on.
And Detroit.
We are all over Buffalo and Ottawa.
What do you mean, buddy?
And it ain't going to stop if they don't start doing something.
That storyline along with Detroit is not going away, buddy.
These fucking teams have been in limbo far too long.
And if you're going to see a team like Montreal,
where they were a couple years ago,
surpass you based on all the expectations
those three organizations we just said had,
we're going to see fireworks, boy.
Well, we might see some other fireworks
in the trade department.
I don't know.
Do you have something else to say quickly?
Well, I thought the fireworks you were going to bring up
would have been in Colorado with Mr. El Capitan potentially coming back for next season.
Buddy, I got to be completely honest with you.
In thinking of Colorado, we've kind of seen their cap issues.
There's some uncertainty there.
But it's been so long.
You haven't seen Landis Gogg playing so long.
You almost forget.
And then you see these quotes that he could be ready for the season.
And it's just like,
I just hope for his sake,
forget the fans who obviously need their captain back in the team,
but I hope for him.
It doesn't end the way that it kind of looked like it could,
or looks like it could.
It's like,
that's a guy who's given his heart and soul ever since he came into the
league.
He's fought, he's played ever since he came into the league he's fought he's played
physical he scored big goals he's a stanley cup champion as a captain and he's possibly going to
be back and what that would do to that room dude because we know the nate dog while dominating
he is an intense intense human and i bet you that there's sides of that team who,
when Landis Cog's in the room,
it's like somebody that can maybe calm him down a little bit.
Maybe I'm off base here, but maybe Landis Cog's like
one of the guys who could be like...
Enough. Enough.
Relax, Nate.
He had a little bite of a Snickers mini after the game.
It's okay. He had two goals.
So I just want to see Landis Kog because of the way he's kind of carried himself
throughout his career.
You're left thinking it can't end like it looks like it could.
And injuries are just a part of this game.
But from the sounds of it, he's worked his bag off to even have the chance of
possibly starting the year.
But I would love to see him back.
And that just changes that team completely.
So I hope I don't get in trouble for this
or get Tyson Berry in trouble.
By the way, I'm in Victoria right now.
I got a chance to see him.
His wife's about to give birth.
I mean, I would imagine by now she might have already given birth
to have their second child.
So congratulations to Tyson Berry.
But we were talking about the Nate dog.
And I'm like, what the fuck is this guy doing for training nowadays?
What next level has he brought it to?
And he goes, biz.
He goes, on game days, he doesn't even skate anymore.
He goes to the pool.
He goes underwater.
And they do these tumbling exercises where they kind of, buddy,
they kind of spin him. And all of a sudden, he's got to catch where he they kind of buddy they like kind of spin him and all of a sudden
he's got to catch where he is and like get back so he has like way more social awareness so it
helps for his vision on the ice and just scanning and being able to like get back to base that that's
where these fucking guys are at now brother i mean you're talking snickers bar no this guy's
going michael phelps in the pool underground doing spins like it's the fucking Matrix.
Synchronized diving.
Kind of like, yeah.
Him and McCarr have to just figure out like the diving routine.
There's no more pregame skate.
It's going off the 30 meter fucking diving board and just making sure we're in sync going into tonight's tilt against the Dallas Stars.
Maybe Tyson Berry was fucking
with me knowing that I probably was going to go
chime in about this on the podcast. So maybe
he's like, I'm just going to be an amazing move,
which either way, we
got good content coming your way. So
as they say, don't let the truth
get in the way of a good story. No. So
tumbling. So I will be joining
the pool and the tumbling exercise before
chicklets cup. I'm going to after tri and the tumbling exercise before Chicklets Cup.
I'm going to add that. After the triathlon or before?
Before.
Before.
I need a little bit more.
It's actually going to help me with my social awareness, too.
But that's the best part.
Your social awareness?
Social and spatial awareness.
Both of them.
The pool.
You think it'll help your game in the bar maybe a little bit?
I'm feeling
great trying to wheel this girl tonight i did 14 tumbles at a 10 meter next one tumble over the
next one um so yeah so i know we kind of got off track between landis but completely agree buddy
he's the guy in the locker room that can calm things a little bit more down. He's so well respected. He's the ultimate Swiss army knife in a sense of you want him to play net front,
he'll do that. You want him to win pucks below the goal line, he'll do that. If he needs to fight
the other team's tough guy, we know he's willing. Can he score big goals? Yeah, he can do that. He
can make plays. So he is just an absolute honey badger that if they can get him back at seven
million bucks playing the way that he was when he was fully healthy now my understanding what was
wrong with him was it was a a knee that that wasn't tracking properly like the knee wouldn't
track so it would constantly be causing him pain and you know from a hockey standpoint with your
knee flexion a decent amount of time your your your knee is going beyond your
toes so if it's not tracking properly that's just going to fuck you up and cause pain every single
stride so i don't know what they've done in order to cure that or if it was just more of a time
thing but at the end of the day if he can't even if he can't play hockey if he can go life without
pain anymore that's the biggest thing. That's numero uno right there.
So it could be a huge lift.
It's so true when you're playing.
I got to get back.
I got to get back.
I got to get a healthy plan.
But then later on when you're where we're at,
it's like, oh, fuck, man.
You just got to make sure you can live a pain-free life.
And I mean, waking up with pain every day is nightmare fuel. But it is weird that for one of the teams with true Stanley Cup aspirations,
the top team in the league in Colorado,
like they got crazy question marks going into this year.
It's Landis Coggin.
Will he be able to give it a go?
Will he be able to be the player he once was?
Will he be able to play at all?
And then it's Nachushkin.
Like, will he get reinstated
in november so it's it's an odd year as like a avalanche fan to be like we don't we don't really
know where we're at we have these two two of the top five players in the league and mckinnon
mccarr but we're not sure like where we're gonna be come come december of january this season so
a lot of questions like this this year's nhl, I don't know if it could possibly be as nuts as last year,
but camp storylines are already buzzing around different cities.
Another city with a big camp storyline, I guess not as big because he's been in the AHL,
but it's Nashville and their goaltending super prospect of Yaroslav Askarov.
Askarov, I hope I'm saying that okay.
Biz, most kind of eye-opening thing for me besides his numbers
and how dominant he's been in the NHL,
and now he's requesting a trade and he will not report to the AHL in Milwaukee.
I think looking at pictures, he's added a neck tattoo since he became a pro.
Oh, yeah.
Bad boy.
He's got a monster neck tattoo.
And in pictures a few years ago, he doesn't have it.
And now these current ones, I think I'm seeing an enormous neck tattoo.
Neck tattoo people are fucked up.
I remember that.
And no offense if you got a neck tattoo out there.
You could look phenomenal with a neck tattoo but neck tattoo people are like i don't i i feel like neck tattoo
people are like i'm never really gonna have that legitimate of a job where i need to look present
well maybe this comes off as super offensive but i don't know if like a true finance or businessman
is like walking to a meeting with a neck tattoo. And like the clients,
like we need this guy.
Now,
if you're a starting goalie in the NHL or you're like a UFC fighter,
yeah,
it's pretty sick.
Yeah.
What do you think?
Remember?
Bugsy had one that just came out of the shirt.
Like it was like,
it was like one eighth of a neck tattoo.
And I used to tell him that's just to remind everyone.
There's a lot more beneath what you think this is.
Little mini neck tattoos all about.
So maybe this is like as Karov is going to be a future superstar and like in Sons of Anarchy in the summers.
Don't know.
Yeah, it definitely screams like I don't really actually give a fuck.
And then meaning it like asking for a or saying to a team, if you try to send me to the A, I'm fucking out of here.
or saying to a team, if you try to send me to the A,
I'm fucking out of here,
and saying it to a guy like Barry Trotz,
where I don't think he takes those types of public comments and actions very well, and we've seen that in the past.
If he's a bad boy, in my opinion,
fucking get him over to Anaheim.
I like Cutter.
Buddy, Gibson, they got this young core group coming up they got some
unbelievable pieces and you got this kid with a chip on his shoulder like i love gibson and i
think he's done a great job there for as long as he has and in the last what four or five years
they've been absolutely brutal and it could just be a bit of a mental fuck let him go off and like
win some games and have some fun in the latter years of his
career and get this askarov in there and get these young bucks buzzing in anaheim to me that's the
move if i'm no you got this kid who's gonna be out to prove something now it's almost like bringing
brisgalov back another fucking wild card russian when they had him why Why you got to be so mad, man? Huh? Why you got to be so mad?
I'm looking at, see, because no matter how amazing of a prospect he looks like,
without true NHL success, it's very hard to look at somebody and be like,
this is our future goalie.
Even if he had one stud year in the NHL and requested a trade, like Jack Eichel,
I'm just thinking of very proven players that are like, I don't want to be here anymore.
It changes things.
But he hasn't really proven it yet.
And he could turn out to be a three-time Vesna winner.
But if I'm a team that has a high prospect pool, I'm looking like San Jose, Chicago.
It's like, all right, we already like San Jose.
We got Celebrini. We got Smith. We have pieces. And then this could be our goalie, Chicago. It's like, all right, we already, like San Jose, we got Celebrini, we got Smith, we have pieces,
and then this could be our goalie.
Chicago, we got Bedard.
They got so many young guys in Chicago.
This could be our goalie.
So then it's like he's coming up with everyone else
as opposed to a team who's like thinking of competing now.
That wouldn't make any sense to me.
Like some people threw around Toronto.
Grinelli mentioned he read something of like maybe some this is also a rumor boy that that's rumor boys gee I don't Grinelli might have read that in the
sand at or in the bathroom taking his poop before his engagement of Mitch Marner to Nashville for
as car off in a first round pick seems a little crazy to me but Grinelli's throwing it out there
and and to correct you I think when you were talking about him early on, you said NHL numbers.
You might have meant AHL numbers and or in the KHL.
No, I was saying he doesn't have like NHL numbers yet.
Okay, okay.
Maybe I misheard like a dummy.
And he has played some games, right?
But he hasn't like proven it.
No, no, no.
There's nothing there to hang your hat on.
But I mean, half these fucking GMs are sending over the eight times eight
after 100 games played in the National Hockey League.
So who gives a fuck, right?
Seems to be like everybody's on that regimen nowadays.
But hey, a little spice in Nashville before the season kicks off.
I mean, they showed that they believe in Soros.
They give him that extension.
They keep the band back together.
And I think the writing's on the wall. And i don't see a world where that can't exist why not give askarov the the net for 25 30
games the first couple years like what's the what's the big deal here because like i think
you don't want to guy you don't want, maybe you want the healthy competition, but it's like,
you've,
you've signed this guy for eight years,
seven years.
Saros like,
what's the point in,
in not,
and what's the point in having this kid who could be a stud?
Like he's looking at it.
Like I'm never going to be able to get this job.
Like it's hard.
Do you know what I'm doing?
That's hard to do.
Yeah. Well, my bet would be is is bring
him in keep him up because you never know like health of goaltenders like he pulls a groin next
thing you know he is a starter he gets to get all these games and the next thing you know his values
through the roof everybody wants him and or who knows man i mean fucking maybe you got a great
one-two punch at least for the next couple years, where you can keep his salary down.
But then, you know, by the time he's up for a big deal,
then, hey, or even before that, just leverage.
So I like the fact that he got ahead of it, though,
and he's like, hey, fuck, if you guys want to send me down,
I'm going to fuck off back to Russia.
I think that that was pretty much it,
other than the Wi-Fi story
Exactly, Biz
An awesome story
I think everyone who's seen maybe
Different sports guys buy their parents' houses
And things that you get to witness
Of athletes paying back their parents
For all the sacrifices they gave
Well, Arbor and Florian Jackey
Presented their dad with his dream car this afternoon
And it's a beautiful blacked out What is that word? I want to get my car Arbor and Florian Jack, I presented their dad with his dream car this afternoon.
And it's a beautiful blacked out.
What is that word?
I want to get my car.
Jet black.
Matt black.
Matt black. I mean, I'm a guy who wants his car like that.
I don't even know what it's called.
I think it's kind of a neck tattoo thing to have that Matt black look.
It's awesome.
But they were able to present their dad with his dream car probably something
that he's like talked to them about years and years ago or recently i love this car and like
just being the two guys that they are they took it in and they're like dude we're gonna get this
for him someday we're gonna get this done a mercedes-benz amg c63s i mean i can barely even read the name i had a mercedes-benz at one point i had a sl 550
white and i called it the cloud it was like driving a cloud it was incredible but now i'm a
family man and i got the big old suv you've had some pretty sick whips throughout i had some sick
whips i had some sick whips and um i gave my dad
my old escalade so i don't think that's nearly as cool as buying him a mercedes-benz amg c63s
yeah come stay come stands on the back seat just gross just like just lucy's breakers everywhere
all over the house it was just but all over the car excuse me i just love
seeing this stuff i i actually somebody was telling me a story of somebody who like saw a
clip of an nfl player bought his mom a house or he like brought her over saying i'm gonna look at a
house and then he's like what do you think mom and she's like i don't like it and he's like well i
already bought it for you oh no at least at least at least the jack eyes knew that their dad wanted this this
weapon of a vehicle and i think that the fact that this news broke today and we interviewed this kid
what was it about a week or two ago yeah about two weeks ago i hate i want to get your your take on
this and i hate being the guy trying to pump up everything. But if you've had complaints or maybe issues with some current players being a little quiet and reserved, which I totally get.
But as a listener, you're probably like, I just want a little bit more.
This is the opposite of that.
This is a current player who came on and let it fly with us.
And it was an awesome, I believe, over an hour, hour conversation.
And hearing this kid's life
story, it's not only incredible to hear, but it's uplifting. It makes you want to be a better person
the way he's approached his life. And it's just cool to see that him and his brother did this
special thing for their dad on the day we were going to drop the interview anyways.
And over the course of the interview, he tells this incredible story about how his first
contract ended up being signed and i won't ruin it but uh just very refreshing to get a young guy
really open up and you know the stories were incredible and very meaningful and i think a lot
of young players can take a lot away from this we've even ones who haven't been drafted about
his approach and and how he he you know he took how he took it upon his own hands to get to where he is now
and all the work and effort he put in,
along with a lot of sacrifice from his parents, which he shares.
So thank you to Arbor Jack guy for coming on,
and we will no longer be calling him Wi-Fi.
He doesn't like that nickname.
I got carved out online from all the all the montreal fans so we're
hanging that one up and uh arbor jack high montreal canadians enjoy before we continue guys i need to
talk to you about lucy lucy is the obvious choice for the true nicotine pouch connoisseurs that's
why they're the official nicotine pouch partner of barstool Sports. Lucy pouches go up to 12 milligrams strength and have a unique shape that feels great.
The Lucy Breakers are the only pouches with a hydration capsule in size.
They're a totally new kind of pouch, only available from Lucy.
And as I've given these out to buddies to try, everyone comes back raving.
All the different flavors, apple cider, espresso,
it's unreal. And the flavor lasts so long compared to the competitors, the gas station pouches.
Lucy Breakers are the number one pouches in the game. I promise if you order them,
you will not be disappointed. Each Breakers pouch contains a hydration capsule that you
crack open with your teeth before tossing it in your lip. The capsule releases a burst of flavor and helps release nicotine faster for an
experience that you can't find in any other pouch.
Gas station pouches get the job done,
but once you've tried Lucy,
you won't want anything else in your pocket.
And I promise you that.
Get Lucy shipped straight to your door.
Visit lucy.co slash chicklets and use promo code chicklets
to get 20 off your first order.
Subscribe for another 15 off
and shipping's always free.
Check out Lucy Breakers.
Now you will not be disappointed.
Now we are joined by somebody, Biz.
Long overdue, freshly signed
new two-year contract with the Montreal Canadiens. And according, Biz, long overdue, freshly signed new two-year contract
with the Montreal Canadiens.
And according to Biz,
a top five toughest player in the National Hockey League,
Arbor Jack.
What's going on, buddy?
Not much, man.
Thanks for having me, guys.
What do you make of that ranking?
What do you make of the ranking?
Top five is good, man.
That's good.
Second year in the league, top five.
That's great stuff.
Yeah, it is.
How's the summer going so far?
Where are you spending it?
I'm guessing you're training with your brother,
who's also a Montreal Canadian based on his contract.
Yeah, I'm over in Hamilton.
Me and my brother, we train in Burlington together.
He's a beast too, man.
He'll surprise a lot of people.
He had to fight me growing up his whole life. It'll be interesting to see what he too, man. He'll, he'll surprise a lot of people. And I mean, he had to fight me growing up his whole life.
So it'll be,
uh,
it'd be interesting to see what he does,
man.
I know most guys,
uh,
maybe call you a wifi nowadays,
but before that nickname,
it was the sheriff and junior.
And now we're going to get into all that,
but just like how excited are you to finally get some security?
I mean,
I know it's been a long road for you.
You were undrafted in the OHL, undrafted in the NHL,
and finally you get this two-year, one-way deal
with the Montreal Canadiens to give you a little cushion
and a little bit of, I guess, confidence in you as a player
to keep growing in the organization.
No, it's awesome, man.
It's such a good feeling to get a little bit of security here
and kind of extend my trial to another two years
to hopefully get locked in
long term but uh it's it's amazing and uh couldn't be happier to be a Montreal Canadian based on the
past and your history in the game like the way you say like keep my tryout going is that how it's
been for you since you're 15 16 like every year I'm out to prove myself there isn't much security
even if there is it would be your mindset to think otherwise. Yeah, that's how I've always been.
I didn't get drafted to the OHL, and then I went to Junior B tryouts,
and they can only take two 16-year-olds.
So I was like, all right, this is my tryout here.
I've got to make this team and then get an invite to a couple of OHL camps.
I'm trying out there.
And then draft comes around, NHL draft, don't get drafted.
I'm like, like okay there's another
way so i'm always trying to you know i was gonna ask if you've always been a scrapper and then
going back to what you just mentioned your junior b uh you're the one year you spent with the saint
catherine's falcons you end up making the all-star game there and then you end up getting in a dust
up in the all-star game like how how the hell did that all go down yeah that was that
was a funny one so yeah i'm in the all-star game and i had an okay game but it wasn't great and
then i was like you know what like every ohl team's in this building like i gotta do something
so this one kid that was he was pissing me off he me and him go at it in season he's another 16
year old on the other team and he was kind of slashing the back of my leg i turned around whipped the mitts off we went at it and then literally as i went to
the room like the guys were still on the ice as i walk in the room i had three scouts like knocking
on the dressing room like is our brain here and i had to talk to them right after it was my first
kind of chat with the uh with ohl scouts I was pretty hilarious. It's amazing that that's like a true thing.
It might sound ridiculous.
I remember going up to a top prospects tournament,
like OHL draft age.
I'm from Boston.
And my dad's like, hey, if you get in a fight,
it just looks good.
And as a kid, you're like, I guess so.
But no doubt you saw it proof.
Like the scouts come looking for you.
And that, I guess when you went
to the oh they knew all right this guy's willing and able it's always been a part of who you are
yeah i mean like it was it was actually crazy they literally pulled me out and they're like
holy shit man this is the all-star game like you're throwing the mitts off like you know you
get suspended in season two and i'm like yeah like it's all all good. And then when I went to the Kitchener's camp, I was trying to go everyone.
And I was like, you know what?
I got to do something that stands out from these other guys.
And that's kind of been my pathway is just find something that other guys are not willing to do.
So that's kind of how I do it.
What I'm impressed with, though, is I guess this isn't meant as an intel, but you can play, too.
Like the way you shoot the puck.
And that was one thing.
It's like, oh, I heard about this tough guy in Montreal System.
And they sign him.
And he worked a summer job.
Where was it at again?
Costco.
Costco.
So the whole storyline was amazing going in.
So I started watching you.
I'm like, he can move.
He can move the puck.
Great shot, as I said.
So when did you realize, like, all right, it's not just going to be the fighting aspect.
Like, I can play too.
Or was that the role growing up?
You always had the skill, but the other side was just part of it.
I think there became like a few years where everyone started growing and I was kind of stuck.
And I didn't hit my growth spurt yet.
So I went from the biggest guy to the smallest guy real quick.
So then those years i
think were big for me just like i'm like okay if i'm not going to be a big big heavy strong tough
guy like i got to be a skill guy so i really dialed in like the hands and like i studied all
the offensive defensemen and i was kind of i was kind of going on along the route where i was going
to be an offensive defenseman and then and then i grew and now I kind of  I wouldn't say I'm an offensive
defenseman, but I have a little bit of skill in the back pocket for sure.
Who were you watching?
Who were the guys you were trying to emulate,
and what game footage were you watching?
I was watching Drew Doughty and Eric Carlson and all those guys,
and their little moves at the blue line,
and just kind of how they carry the puck up the ice and what they do and i was i was watching their games watching their highlights i like zach
wierenski too i was watching him a lot so he's pretty you're gonna go up to lane hudson and
camp be like buddy i was you before you were you that was my game hey we're gonna we're gonna be
asking that guy to show us some stuff for sure. Oh, yeah. Exactly.
You're of Albanian descent.
Is that correct?
Your father's Albanian?
Yeah, so my mom's Czech. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, there's not many former Albanians to play in the NHL.
I think the only name that popped up online was Taitomi, who's partly Albanian.
Is that fiery spirit in the Albanian blood?
Is that kind of  what's Albania like?
I know nothing about it.
Uh, where my dad grew up, it's, they say it's like the toughest town in, in all of Albania.
So it's, it's pretty hard nose.
I mean, back when he was growing up, there was a lot of war and that's kind of how he
had to, he ran away from home.
Like he didn't want to go to war.
So it was, it was, it's pretty crazy to see kind of where
he's came and honestly it's funny because his favorite player was ty domey obviously because
the albanian descent and and uh the best part is he got to meet him this year and they hit it off
and they took a picture like doing the eagle like that so my dad like anytime you mention ty domey
he's gonna tell you like he's the best guy like we hit it off right
away and my dad's funny he's like fresh off the boat so it's like he's got the thick accent and
everything so he gets he gets excited so it's awesome when did your dad come over how old was
he i think he was in the his 20s when he left and then he went to england for a little bit and then
he came over here i read a story with that
actually it was this year and your father doesn't normally call you on game days apparently but it
was february 17th of this past season and he goes uh you gotta get one for kosova and i guess it was
uh it just a line that you were playing on the day where it was they were celebrating independence
and now kosova is that a bordering country of albania and is that where
your father's from yes yes he's from kosovo so but they're like their nationalities all albanian
so yeah he's from there he gave me a call in the morning i was like what's this guy calling me on
a game day like usually usually calls me after and he's like it's kosovo independence day like
i want you to get one for us. And I ended up scoring that game.
Pretty nice shot.
So I talked a little bit about it in the media.
So no, I was awesome.
That's awesome.
All right.
So he comes over.
He's in Canada after being in England.
I don't know much about the Albanian men's ice hockey team, but I'm guessing that your
dad never played, didn't know anything.
And he gets you into the game.
Like, as a youngster, what's he telling you?
He can't give you tips on how to stick handle, right?
Yeah.
No, so when he came over, he ended up in Toronto,
and he saw everyone's crazy for the Leafs,
everyone's crazy for the Leafs.
What is this hockey?
So he didn't know nothing about hockey.
It was more my mom.
So her brother, pretty high level.
I think he
played i think he played with yager at one point in some kind of junior league or something and
so he's around the same age as yager is so they played together and their dad would always go
goalie for for uh pond hockey and all that so my mom was big into hockey so she told my dad uh kids
are getting into hockey because my dad is big and
saw on soccer so and he said i don't know what it is but sure let's do it that's unreal was um
i guess was it a little bit discouraging at the fact that you weren't drafted to the ohl
were you expecting to given with where you were at at that period of time i know obviously going
off to junior b was a big step for you but before that
like was there any signs that you might end up in the ohl not really i mean i was i was a really
good player when i was younger playing in hamilton and i was i was probably one of the top top players
in kind of this area and then as everyone grew i moved to toronto and i i started playing hockey
there and then uh they had all their guys in the GTHL,
and that league's like crazy competitive.
So then I kind of fell down the roster,
and I was playing a five or six role.
And three years of that, it kind of slipped away a little bit,
and all the guys were coming in the room saying,
yeah, you guys talking to any scouts?
Because we're talking to scouts.
I was like, I haven't talked to not one.
Not one phone call, nothing. So I don't even think i had an agent at that point so i didn't i didn't expect
to be drafted but when i watched the draft with my one buddy we were like looking at the guys that
were getting picked up and we're like okay we're just as good as them like like there's a chance
for us like maybe the draft isn't it but no there was there was definitely after the draft
there's definitely a little bit though kind of where my career was headed so at a young age you
can kind of start seeing there is politics involved like as you mentioned there's gthl kids and their
dads know people and it's like it can be you know you're basically like undeservingly not getting
drafted so were you were you like aware of that?
Were you more like,
I could get there.
It's just not going to be as easy.
Or were you more thinking these kids are actually that much better than me?
No.
The biggest thing for me is I always thought like,
I always think I'm right there with like,
if they can do it,
why can't I,
you know,
like,
like I always thought like,
yeah,
I'm just as good as this kid.
I'm just as good as this kid i'm just as good
as this guy like i'm right there like i don't see him doing that much more than me i don't know if
i'm delusional or what but in like even when i went to montreal's camp i was like i fit in with
these guys like why can't i play i can make it this year you know so that's kind of just my
mentality of those three teams of the scouts that came up after that junior b scrap was one of them
kitchener and how
did you end up there because i i actually talked with uh jay mckee who was your coach there and he
filled me in with a few stories but before we get to that just like how did you end up getting to
such a good organization in the oh uh so i know they weren't one of the teams i think the three
teams were like guelph london and somebody else. I think Barry maybe.
But I had a chance to try out for a few teams because their camps were all on different weeks.
So my first camp, I went to Guelph's camp.
And then they wanted to sign me out of rookie camp.
But they were kind of like, our team's going to be stacked.
I don't know if you're going to play every game.
You might be up and down with Junior B and OHL. And I was like, was like okay i don't want to do that at least they were honest about that yeah and then i went to uh hamilton bulldogs camp
and like it's funny how i ended up there after but i went to their camp and then
they were kind of they were all scrambled because they just won the ohl cup and
they had guys going to nhl camps and they were kind like, we don't know what we're going to do.
I don't even think I got an invite to main camp, to be honest.
And then I went over to Kitchener's camp, and they were like,
we really liked your rookie camp, but do the same thing at main camp
with the actual guys on the team, and you have a good chance.
And that's exactly what I did.
How many fights at that camp?
Yeah, just gooning up. Were you gooning it? So, and that's, that's exactly what I did. So how many fights at that camp? Yeah.
Just doing it up.
Were you doing it?
No, I, but I think I, I gave a guy a cross check and chipped his tooth, but I didn't,
I don't think I had any fights at that camp.
My brother had like three, three in one game at Kitchener's camp.
Oh, wow.
Florian.
That's incredible. They pulled him in after he,
well, like he also tried over Kitchener
and so they pulled him in after that game
and they're like, buddy, like,
you don't have to just fight.
Like, we know you can fight.
Like, this next game, like, no fights
because he literally fought three guys in one game.
Like, I think it was back-to-back shifts.
That'll get you a lifetime ban in the O now.
You can't even call a guy a
pussy anymore no no you're done that was probably after you guys left they changed all the rules
they had to yeah too much yeah too much sheriffing going on out there exactly yeah what um like i
went to kitchener actually this past season and like incredible organization awesome pedigree of
players that they've developed in the past i think think they've won a couple of Memorial Cups.
What was it like from a daily basis getting to go and train there and develop all your
skills with one of the best CHL programs in the world?
Yeah, like you said, it's one of the best programs in the world.
And honestly, it's like I've heard firsthand that it's better than a lot of even American
League programs.
Like it's, the treatment's top-notch.
They're so professional with everything they do.
And just going there, using the facilities,
that's my favorite part I've ever played in a junior.
I know I played there, which I'm a little biased, but it is unreal.
Every game, they're packing the odd.
It was just an honor to play there.
It was awesome.
So you have to deal with
undrafted. You're at all these different camps.
You're finally with Ketcher and boom, COVID hits.
And it was a disaster for so
many guys. We've talked about Wyatt Johnson
and barely playing his draft year
and you dealt with it directly.
How did it come about
where you realized, I'm kind of fucked.
Next year, I don't know where I'm going to play.
I don't know what's going on. Take us through that whole scenario yeah that was pretty wild so
my ohl career kind of was my first year i played 50 something games i think i had three points
i played like 20 30 games on forward fourth line couple shifts a period like it was it was tough
and then my second year
is when i started to get better and better and then and then after after that second year is
like kind of when i started taking off covid hit right away and i think i honestly think if i would
have got a playoffs that that year i think i probably would have got picked up by a team but
since i didn't they were kind of like they i was still unknown because i did talk to a lot of teams after that after that season
and that was like not my draft year but my the year after so it was my 18 year old year and then
yeah covid hits i was like what am i gonna do now my buddies are all going to play in slovakia
everyone's everyone's getting out of town like going to play somewhere i'm like i try to go out there and then they wanted me to pay like
a couple thousand a month i was like i i don't got no couple thousand a month for you guys
so so yeah albania yeah yeah exactly but no i was i didn't know what to do and
and that year i think was a big year for me kind of
where i separated myself from everyone it's because everyone kind of took it easy and and uh laid back
a little bit and we're like ah it's just covid like it's gonna last a long time and for me i was
i was grinding like i i was probably in the best shape of my life during covid like i stayed at
home like my mom's feeding me like a machine.
I'm working out every day.
I was going to work.
I had such a steady schedule.
It was a good year.
Me and my brother, we stayed on the rollerblades
and found a couple of rinks that were open
and we could skate on.
It was pretty wild.
That's what Zeev Bouyan said when we had him on.
He said he took that time during COVID to do the exact same thing.
Now, were you just chucking weights in the garage with your brother?
Yeah.
My trainer, he moved his gym to his house.
So he kind of moved everything to the backyard.
So we'd go in his backyard and we'd work out.
It was a wild year.
Some things would open up for a bit and then they close right down.
Yeah.
I had no idea what I was going to do.
Cause I'm like,
how am I supposed to show anyone that I've gotten better?
You know,
like I'm just on the ice with four guys maybe.
And yeah,
it was wild.
It seems like that comes natural for you where you have that self motivation,
but what do you think propelled you at that time to just like take that stance?
Like, was it motivation from your, from your family, from your brother pushing you? Or was
it just this internal thing where it's like, I have to get to the next level and I'm going to
put all of my resources into it. And not only that, the reason that I found out of you, but
found out about you to begin with was during that time you were training and staying at home,
you also ended up getting a job at Costco. So it kind of you're you're living like basically like a grown-up life yeah yeah i
was i was like a normal kid i wasn't a wichita player anymore i was nothing i was just a normal
guy like working and training after training before work so i was i would wake up i would
i would wake up go to the gym and i go on the ice right after, and then I'd go to work 5 to 10 at Costco.
That's kind of when I set my schedule in.
At first, I was just working and working out when the rinks were closed,
but no, it was pretty crazy.
I was like, I got no money.
I got to get a job.
I can't be sitting around all year.
I ended up working there for nine months, and then I got fired.
So I ended up working there for nine months and then I got fired.
And they closed a bunch of the departments and only had the food open.
And I was kind of the lowest ranked guy there.
And they're like, yeah, you're gone.
I heard you kept showing up late because you were so busy training and then on the ice.
And then you'd show up late and the lady's like, hey, you need to quit out this hockey stuff and start taking your job at Costco a little bit more seriously.
You could be employee of the month if you really put your mind to this.
That was wild. I was driving from hockey straight home, shower, grab my food, eat in the car, drive straight to work.
I'm showing up five, 10 minutes late, but I told them, I'm like, guys, I'm chasing
a dream here. I got pulled
in by one of the managers one time. She's like,
you know what? Everyone who comes to
Costco, they say this is not their end
all be all. I said that
too about myself. Look at me now.
It's a great place to build your way
up. I know
my kids play high-level sports.
I know what you mean but like it's
like you just got to come to reality at some point and like and uh pick whether it's costco
or hockey because we can't have you like not committed to costco and i was just like i was
like stunned when i walked out of there i was like what's happening like i got i got bitched around
so hard in there i was like i can't even believe what's happening right now got bitched around so hard in there.
I was like, I can't even believe what's happening right now.
I don't think you can make a million bucks a year
putting flat screen TVs into people's back seats, buddy.
I don't think so.
I don't think you're that good at that.
I had a dream too, Arbor.
It was to be the number one server of pigs in a blanket around ILA.
Focus your mind towards Costcoco you're doing the sampling
no no we didn't have those because uh okay yeah but i was doing everything like yeah try the new
covid cookies yeah i would stand up front with a clicker and count how many people are walking
in the store for eight and a half hours i would i was pushing but i had to get off the buggies because my back was so mangled like i'm like i can't even ski like
my back is completely twisted up here because uh i'm pushing 30 buggies at a time trying to hurry
up trying to get over there boa rock in all seriousness like you are chasing a dream at
that time where everyone was i mean everything, everything's canceled. Everything's closed.
That had to be the furthest you felt from the NHL.
Like, I don't know what's up next year.
I'm not drafted.
Were you able to kind of grind through that?
I mean, obviously you were able to,
but there must have been moments of wondering,
like, what am I chasing actually?
Exactly, man.
That year mentally was tough because I think what helped is they kept saying
like the oh is gonna they're gonna open up in a month so then everyone's grinding to get there
like then they close down they're like okay we're gonna open up in december and then they didn't do
that they're like okay we're pushing it to january they kept pushing it so we had something to kind
of look forward to and then when they completely said like we're not playing that was like i was like oh my god like what am i gonna do like i don't know i'm i only have an
overage year like i don't i have no idea what i'm gonna do so that was kind of tough i just i just
stuck with it and and ended up working out pretty well but it was it was definitely a dark dark at
times for sure where where do you get that internal
drive i sometimes get long-winded with my questions and i asked you about five minutes
ago like where does that personal drive come from uh it comes from my parents for sure i think i
mean they came here with literally nothing like my dad had zero dollars in his pocket same with
my mom like i don't even think they had a suitcase like they they started a whole life and
we see it day in and day out how hard they work and to put two two boys through hockey like
like we're not millionaires here like we don't have we don't have that much money we're getting
by day to day like like uh taking out bank loans and all this stuff just to get the boys through
and it's i think that that's that's a big motivator for me and my brother. Before you end up going off to Montreal in that last year of junior, Jay McKee, who was
your coach in Kitchener had moved on to Hamilton and you ended up getting picked up, getting
to go play in your hometown.
And then, and then you guys ended up winning the OHL championship.
That must've just been a complete whirlwind and probably put your name on the map in order
to make that next step.
Yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't have wrote a better story than that it was so after covid i i got a few calls to from team saying to like come to their camps and we ended up going with
montreal because we kind of saw the d that they were into we saw the edmondson the chariot weber
petrie like big strong guys that's kind of who i
who i was modeling my game after and so i ended up going to their camp signing out of their camp
and then going back to kitchener again traded to hamilton my hometown we ended up winning it so it
was like i couldn't have wrote a better story than that it was it was unbelievable do you think in
that playoff run because it's four rounds in the o and then
you're in the memorial cup you played well enough because your numbers were phenomenal in that
playoff like season do you think that's when like all right i've already been to a montreal camp
like now i'm really showing up where more teams calling no i was already signed so you already
signed that okay nice i didn't know that no this is this this is a good story i can
tell you guys so i love it yeah so i went from covid so then the draft happened the covid draft
i get a few calls before and they're like okay we're interested like you know those draft
meetings or interviews i had a bunch of those before that draft so teams were still taking notice from my second year where i kind of started taking off
and then after the draft didn't get picked again um i had i think toronto called me florida called
me and then um and then that was it so me and my agent were talking and we were like
okay like we were checking the prospect pool and we're like okay like let's
go to Florida let's go to Florida
um
after that I was like
wait just give it a second like wait a few
days he's like no like we can't keep the
NHL teams waiting like
and I was like just give it a second like something's coming
because I knew Montreal was super
interested and that like
that's my favorite team that's where I wanted to go so i was like wait a bit wait a bit and then they end up they ended up
uh calling me and saying like trust me come to our camp come to our camp like you do well like
good things are gonna happen come to our camp so i went straight from covid
and my first my first game was against the Ottawa Prospect team,
like whatever, rookie tournament.
I went straight from almost two years of no hockey,
and then that was my first game, and I was lost out there.
So wearing an NHL jersey too in that game.
I was so nervous the whole time.
I got out there.
I just worked at Costco three months ago,
and I'm putting on a Montreal
jersey flying around I got absolutely
rocked twice like
I had no awareness of where I was on the
ice like man I haven't played a game in
two years like
whatever so I played that first game
didn't play well
this is going to be a little bit of a long story but
I want to tell you guys
okay so so I get rocked twice by the same guy This is going to be a little bit of a long story, but I want to tell you guys.
So I get rocked twice by the same guy.
I think it was, honestly, I think it was Kaselek on the sentence.
Yeah, so he hammers me twice in one game, and then another guy was pushing me around,
and I didn't do anything.
So after that game, there was a few Montreal scouts, they came down And were like Hey we heard you were this big
Tough guy from the OHL
We saw you get a rock twice
And we also there was 30 guys upstairs
Who saw you do nothing about it right
So I was like oh my god
I was like oh my god I gotta do something
So get in the car
Call my agent I was like I gotta fight someone
Tomorrow I gotta do something like So in the car call my agent i was like i gotta fight someone tomorrow i gotta do
something like so then the next game uh a guy was coming down on me and i hit him and it was like an
awkward hit like i blew the guy up and he was down on the ground screaming next thing you know
caslick turns around we get the mitts off we like i haven't fought or whatever two years too i'm like
here we go and he's like a
big boy like at the time he was i think he was bigger than me at that time and everyone was kind
of scared of him in those games and whatever we have a good fight and and then the guys kind of
walked by me and gave me like the props didn't say anything just gave me like the the knuckles
and then i played well in that game. I played well in the next game.
They invited me to main camp.
I play.
So then they put me in the game against Toronto Maple Leafs.
So I literally go from, once again, working at Costco,
two years of no hockey.
And then I'm in the Rogers Center putting on a Habs jersey
about to go play the Leafs. So I'm just in, like, I'm in the Rogers Center putting on a Habs jersey. We have to go play the Leafs.
So I'm just in, like, I'm lost.
We get out there, like, I can't even feel the puck on my stick.
Like, I was so nervous.
And I didn't play too well that game.
I think Jonathan Tavares is out front of the net with me,
and I didn't even want to give him, like, a cross check to box him out.
He tipped once, scored.
I went in that game, like, dashed two, and then, oh, whatever. didn't even want to give him like a cross check the box melt he tipped one scored i went i went
in that game like dash two and then oh whatever on the or no like a funny story too was uh so i
get on the plane and i think me and ghouli are like the only two young guys there that like they
kept for the games and everyone sits down i'm like we're talking to each other like okay we're
gonna let everyone sit down and then we're gonna find a seat on the plane because. I'm like, we're talking to each other. We're like, okay, we're going to let everyone sit down, and then we're going to find a seat on the plane.
I'm recording the PJ on Snapchat.
I'm like, let's go.
I made it down from deviled eggs to PJs.
Fuck you, Carol from Costco.
Look at this.
Yeah.
I was like, Carol, look at this.
I'm wearing a tux.
I'm going on a PJ right now.
So I was like, let's let everyone sit down and
then we'll grab a seat so everyone sits down and what do you know the only seat available is a card
seat beside to foley i was like no way i gotta sit there super no way yeah and it was the seat
facing everyone too so i there was no seat so i walk up up to Foley. I'm like, hey, man, like, is anyone sitting here?
He's like, nope, all you.
I pop a seat.
I'm facing every guy.
They're all looking at me, shaking their head.
Like, what is this guy doing?
Ghouli's like, what are you doing, bro?
I'm front row.
Ghouli was loving it.
He's like, I don't know.
I just lost my per diem pack, though.
Ghouli was loving it in the back.
He thought it was hilarious.
I thought this was go fish.
Yeah. So I'm at the card table or whatever And then yeah so I didn't play that good
I was pretty nervous
And then after that game we went back
And we played an inter-squad game
And I played pretty well
But I knew I was getting
Sent home because I saw my
Stick bag like my sticks were all all taped up in the room.
I saw all my spare sticks taped up, so I was like, with the other guys,
I was like, oh, I'm going to get sent home here.
So we had a practice, and there was only one more game being played against Ottawa.
And we had a practice, and in that practice, I was like, I got nothing to lose.
So I went right up to Richardson.
He was the D coach at the time
and I was like hey man like I need another game like I I don't care what it takes I need another
game like I was like that was not my that was not me like like I was nervous I was starstruck like
I haven't played hockey in two years like I'm not making excuses for myself but just
give me one more game,
please, whatever it takes.
And then I guess he went in the coach's office and told them,
this kid wants one bad.
So they ended up putting me in against Ottawa.
And even after I signed, I talked to the trainers on Montreal,
and they said, yeah, you were going home after the Ander squad game.
You were done.
And I was like, I knew it because I saw my sticks taped So I asked him for another game
Nothing to lose if he sends me home
He sends me home whatever at least I tried
So I get I play against
Ottawa and I play like a great
Game like I played good in the inner squad
Game and then now I played another good game
And then right after that they call me in the office
And sign me
No fucking shit
it was insane like you were done dude have you talked to them did they have that plan or did
did you taking that initiative and asking for that kind of just sparked them to be like this
is the type of attitude we want that's what we want that's what we want i i have no idea but
i did talk to the trainers and they said yeah we had your we had
your sticks all taped up like you were you were heading home so i played like the red and white
game i played really well in that game but even after that i think i was i was still done and
then i already crossed your name off that's what you know what i mean like going into camp like
yeah i tried that one time and you know where they sent me The fucking coast I didn't even get to go to the A
I was just in the wrong organization
Give me one more
Yeah so basically
It was like give me one more story
And I think Rich loved that
Like he's a guy who loves that stuff
And he already liked the way I played
So I ended up playing really well against Ottawa
Like I played a great game
And then after that they they're like, okay,
Burge wants to see you. They call me in the office
and he has his mask on. He's like,
we're going to sign you to a three.
We're going to sign you to actually a card.
And I was like,
for my heart's sake.
And I was like,
can you repeat that?
I was like, where's the parade?
This is awesome.
He said it so quiet. It was like where's like the parade like no this is awesome like he said it so quiet
as i was like pain and i was like did this guy just say they're gonna sign me like what is
happening and then i got to go great story yeah i got to go back to the hotel and my parents were
there because they want they came to watch the ottawa game so i literally opened the door to
the hotel and like i I looked at my parents.
I was like,
guys,
like we did it.
We did it.
Oh,
and then my mom like breaks down my dad.
They both start crying.
And like,
Oh,
buddy,
that's incredible.
What a story that is.
That was probably my favorite moment of like,
I have like my favorite NHL moment.
That is there.
Like when I just got to walk in and say,
guys,
like we did it.
I'm like,
I was like, what are you talking about? We did we did what I was like I I'm signing like I'm
a Montreal Canadian yeah fuck I didn't expect to cry on this pod Jesus Christ Wi-Fi you're bringing
it all man oh that's an emotional story I haven't told I haven't told that story to too many people
but no it's that was a special moment for sure. That was crazy.
I was just going to ask quickly, at that camp, was Weber still around?
Who were the vets you got to hang around with on the defensive side
where maybe you picked some skills up off of?
Who made you feel a little bit more comfortable around that group,
especially at the fact that you hadn't played a game in two years?
I think Sherrod, Savard.
I think Petrie. Petrie was there weber wasn't there
edmonton was there so i got to kind of just go off of what those guys were doing and my d partner
was chris weidman for for the last game so he ended up being my partner my first year too so
it was pretty it was pretty funny but no i was it was crazy and from my understanding
he's the one who gave you the wi-fi nickname like how did that store do you like the nickname or do
you like the sheriff better i don't care like whatever the people like i like you know it
doesn't matter to me i don't get offended by anything but no he didn't he didn't give me the
nick he didn't make it up but he he brought it to the team He found it
Found it on a comment
On one of the pictures of me I guess
At camp
And then the next day we go to the rink
And he said like wifi password
Like for the rink
And it was jacki72
And then the guys started calling me wifi
But they don't really call me wifi anymore
But the legend grows We interviewed him a long time ago house and then the guys started calling me wi-fi but they don't really call me wi-fi anymore but
we interviewed him a long time ago biz and then the whole the whole uber story broke remember
in the bank and then we had to burn it because the uber thing came out i like he's such a good
dude i'm like oh this got burned by an uber camera no at least if you're in an uber with
them he's probably like,
heads up on what you say. I think I've been in an Uber
with Biz since, and he's been like, dude,
who knows what's filming right now.
Oh, I just say, hey, let's tighten the ship.
Tighten the ship.
Every time we get in, he's like,
every time we hop in the Uber, he's like,
is this being recorded? Alright, alright.
He's dialed.
When was the first time you wore a fedora i don't know
who it was that i saw and that kind of inspired me but i i don't know i saw a guy do it in the
nhl once i don't i can't recall who it was but and then i went to hm and i bought like a 15
dollar like black fedora for per junior and i started rocking it and that was kind of that was kind of
my thing and i honestly i still wear that same at the games and like people are like that hat's
awesome like 10 bucks each and i'm boys yeah people think it's like an 1800 fedora yeah yeah
that was a costco employee giveaway of christmas season yeah so i got i got some nice custom hats now but yeah that was that
was kind of my main hat and i always wear that one so i love that well correct me if you're if
i'm wrong but your first nhl fight was the cassian one right yeah so that's when everyone i i remember
just being like what the fuck who is this cassian's a tough guy they're down three nothing first period he
kind of goes up to you and and you gave it to him like it was for a tough guy to like to see
someone like Cassian kind of get beat up in that way like you made a name for yourself
and then all of a sudden it's like Deloria is coming uh Olivier's coming like you had to know
right away all right well this is going to be my role and I'm willing to accept it I thought
after that fight I honestly thought I was going to be my role and i'm willing to accept it i thought after that
fight i honestly thought i was going to fight every single game like the next game was jamie
ben he like me and him were running each other in the corners and i like i like grabbed mike are we
gonna go like screaming at him he's like relax settle down kid like yeah you're a big boy but
calm down bud and like i honestly thought was going to fight every single game.
Like I was, I had such adrenaline because, um, in that year's, uh, rookie camp, I fought
a guy on Ottawa and like, I think I, I knocked him out and then I go to main camp and I fight
another guy in Ottawa, beat him, fight another guy in Ottawa, like back-to-back games.
So I had three fights going into
Cassian. So I'm like running on
an all-time high. Made the roster
and then
that game, Cassian wants to go.
We're up 3-0 in the first period. Bell
Center is like buzzing off the charts.
Oh my god. Yeah, it is
buzzing. And then get to the
bench. The coach is like, hey,
there might be some guys who you're going to want to challenge you. get some energy back like and i look at the coach i was like if
they challenge me we're like i'm gonna go up as he started laughing and then next thing you know
live for a face-off against cassian he's looking at me and i'm just smiling and i'm like i don't
know why but i was just like i was smiling i'm laughing he's like what the fuck are you looking at
and then I was like I'm looking
at you like and whatever he got
pissed at that and then off the draw
I guess he told uh Weidman
like hey man I'm gonna beat the shit out of this kid
like and Weidman's like hey man
like he can hold his own like
it's not gonna go how you think it's
gonna go right so and then whatever
face off goes he looks at me he wants to go how you think it's going to go right so and then whatever face off goes he
looks at me he wants to go and center ice we just throw down so that that clip i watched it last
night getting ready to interview you so you go to the box you can tell the bell center's bumping
and then you see robida he goes down and says something to to saint louis and then like burrows
is kind of laughing so you definitely told told him, they're probably like, this fucking guy's an animal.
Yeah, he literally said,
guys are going to challenge you. We have this game.
3-0. We're okay.
And I said, if someone challenges me,
I'm going to take care of myself.
I got it. I think I
literally told him, I got it, coach.
So then after he went
down the bench, he's like, I told you
they were gonna fight
burrows loves it he's laughing so i was pretty hilarious if you play for the habs your celebrity
status you're like a new york yankee in new york the moment that fight happens when you would go
out in on the town after that was it a different type of celebrity where did like everybody know
your face now did you find you feel that energy from the city and the fact that they're like oh yeah we got our guy it was insane
yeah it was like something else like got people chasing your cars after you pull out of the ring
they're like oh wi-fi like it was it was nuts and like still to this day like when i do like
signings and stuff or someone catching me in the street like you p cassian like they love that because i think he he ran montembeau or something
and there was like a whole whole thing about how like montreal didn't step up to that like nobody
stepped up and fought him and i guess i was like their savior for that so that was that was pretty yeah it was pretty
funny is it there I think
it was G telling me before we hopped on
about Slavkoski where it just so happens
like the first part
when you first got there he was getting lit up every
game and you ended up fighting the guy who would hit
him so all of a sudden you had to start buying
you dinners or some shit
yeah yeah he was
like obviously he's used to the european ice so
it was tough for him like to see the ice and and he was obviously like he grew up always the biggest
guy right so he didn't he didn't have to have his head up or anything and guys are all like you know
you saw with the dart this year like guys are they want to take his head off like they're all trying
to take his head off and every time he got smoked take his head off. And every time he got smoked, I was there.
I'd miss off right away.
But yeah, he started buying me a few dinners.
So it was pretty funny.
Well, so this year, this past season,
you had a little bit of explosion, right?
Somebody like me, not sure of kind of who you were,
and boom, you hear about it.
Like I said, I'm watching you play.
I'm like, he's playing with an edge.
He can play.
Going into this year, expectations are sky high, and you end up getting sent down to
the minors for a little bit.
So I'm just wondering, as somebody who went through that as well, it had to be a little
bit of a tough blow.
I was flying so high, and all of a sudden, my game's not where it needs to be.
So when you went down, where your your numbers were phenomenal was your attitude as good as I imagine where it's like
all right this is just kind of a it's it's a little chick in the armor here like I'm fine I
just gotta find my game yeah I mean like you said like it was only highs like from from the first
time I signed with Montreal like winning the championship making the team out of camp
whatever first season going well obviously I had a shoulder injury but like everything was just
going up and then that like hit and like my world got flipped upside down I was like oh my god like
what do I do because I got hurt I got hurt for three weeks and then as I was coming back like
I didn't even get a game or anything like I started skating with the team and then as i was coming back like i didn't even get a game or anything like i started
skating with the team and then right away they were like they're going down to the minor so
yeah that was a little bit more of conditioning then because if you if you've come back from an
injury and it happens that's not as bad as like minus three three games in a row and going down
yeah no i i wasn't playing i wasn't playing as good as i did the second half of the
season when i got recalled but i wasn't playing bad it was just more of like a like a you're not
like don't get comfortable here like we want more from you we know you can give more like don't get
comfortable because like boom just like that you're gone you're packing your bags you're going down
you're going down to laval so i think it was more of that and they didn't give me a time frame or anything and i think that's a
good thing because if they gave me a time frame i maybe wouldn't have taken it as i as i did but
no i got down there and i got close with the boys and as soon as i i got close to the team like i
i loved it and i was i was working my bag off. I was like, I'm not going to act like I'm better than anybody else here.
This is my new team, and I'm here to protect you guys and play the game.
That's awesome.
And you got to play with your brother as well.
He was there, right?
No, he was there at the end of the year.
Oh, you missed him?
Yeah.
Yeah, I missed him.
Yeah.
What was it like playing in Laval?
I mean, because they haven't been around as far as an
ahl team very long and they must have very passionate fans and do they pack the building
oh man like 10k every night full barn like they rock the place like it is unreal like a lot of
people that maybe can't afford a montreal ticket or, or, or maybe it's too far for, for a far of a drive for them.
Like they go to Laval games and they are just passionate.
Like they,
they rocked the building.
Like first time I stepped on the ice,
they were going nuts.
And I was like,
I was like,
all right,
this is great.
Like,
no,
it's,
it's,
it's,
I think it's the best rank in,
in,
in the AHL.
It's awesome.
That makes it a lot easier biz.
Oh yeah.
And like tall toinghamton back in
our days yeah bridgeport there's a hundred we there was a there was like a snowstorm in bridgeport
and then we did a game everyone put in 50 bucks in the locker room to guess how many fans
and i think elaine nazardine won he guessed like 60 people and 60 people oh yeah buddy um but to
go back to you and i know that your your role is a
little bit more defensive in the nhl but you talked about the skill set you had at the the younger
levels like when you're playing in the ohl and even before that were you able to at least get a
little bit more ice time and maybe play in that what like three four role and and kind of get that
confidence back as well yeah when i went down there i was
i was playing at that one two role so i was out there all the time i was power play guy and i did
play power play in the nhl too but second unit like you know second unit and we don't get out
much but um yeah i was playing first unit there and like yeah i just got to play my game and
obviously with the more ice time more confidence more touches i started i started getting that offensive swagger and i put up put
up some good numbers there so it was it was good so it's only going to be your third pro season but
it's such a young team and and suzuki being the captain being that young it it's like the whole
vibe around the the organization so you must feel like a leader already. And Hudson's coming in.
That's a younger defenseman.
And Gouley, you mentioned,
even though you spent a little time in the AHL,
it must feel to you as like,
I'm a leader on this team now
and there's a different way to approach things.
Yeah.
I mean, I think when I went down to Lavelle,
I think they're even younger than Montreal.
So it's like a junior team down there.
So it was, it was a blast to be around.
And I think because I, I got sent down,
I kind of brought my knowledge and whatever I learned from the NHL,
and I was kind of sharing it.
And I think down there is where I took like a,
I started taking on that leadership role again that I had in junior.
And yeah, I think with all the young D and young prospects we have I think
yeah we're third year guys like we're we're starting to become like the older guys almost
in a sense and I know it's just our third year but like you said it like the team's so young that
yeah I definitely feel like I have to take on a little bit of a leadership role and kind of set
set in stone what we're what our uh our idea of of where we're going. And so, so you did get surgery this off season.
You've had two shoulder surgeries now.
Are,
were they on the opposite shoulders?
Yes.
Yes.
The right one was the first time in the left was this,
this past summer.
And,
and you talked about how you,
you're really focusing on trying to stay healthy the full season.
I mean,
as everyone would like what like precautions or what things are you doing
maybe differently in order to do so? Like was, was maybe the training in the past a little bit maybe
archaic or something where you were you kind of jammed yourself up a little bit yeah i think i
think it was just the way i used to work out when i was when i first started working out and we would
all try and lift as heavy as we can and we're doing power cleans and all this kind of crazy stuff at a really young age.
So I think that also had wear and tear on my shoulders.
I think when I was fighting in junior, I always had some issues
in my left shoulder.
It would always bother me.
And I think just the wear and tear over the years,
so now that they're both healed, I think it's going to be great.
Good to go.
You're feeling as good as you've ever felt?
Yeah.
Like after I fixed the right one last year, like it felt brand new and it felt,
it felt awesome.
So now I got both,
both feeling great.
I've been asked like by friends or random people,
like best experience on the road in the NHL.
Always.
I say Montreal,
like you don't get it.
I try to describe the bell centers.
The seats are,
it's like straight down where they're right on top of you.
They're rocking like fix you by Coldplay coming on the ice.
I don't know if they still do that.
That may sound ridiculous, but if you go to the game,
you'll know what I'm saying.
Your time there, like every game, it's so easy to get fired up.
And then the crowd, it just must be incredible to experience that
for 41 games
a year yeah it is it's a treat every single time you they play that song for us and we're like play
that song they fired up we we all come flying out of the tunnel like no like i grew up a canadians
fan so i was watching watching them my whole life and it like to be to be there now it's it's pretty
special and i always tell people My friends from home
They're like, oh you're going to play in Buffalo
We'll go to a Buffalo game
You guys have to make the drive
It just hits different in the Bell Center
It's staying on the blue line
For the National Anthems
You're just looking around
You're like, holy shit
You know what I'm saying
They're just right on top of you It's like like the odd and yeah the odd the odds like that too the steep stance like they're
like right on top of you and you feel it they're so loud they're so loud uh martin saint louis it
must be incredible to get to play for a guy of that stature but also just the way he carries
himself it seems like he's the most approachable guy especially especially from a young guy standpoint where sometimes you enter the league
and you have this hard-ass coach where you don't really know where you sit
and maybe you're not getting direct advice from him because it's got to be the assistants.
But he seems to be working with you guys firsthand and just the most approachable, lovable guy.
Yeah, he's amazing, man.
The way you see it, that's exactly how he is.
He's awesome awesome his door's
always open like i know it's nerve-wracking to go talk to the coach but honestly like once you
start talking to me like oh here we go like i'm just chopping it up with the boys you know like
that's actually like how it feels like but you care so much about every guy and he just wants
you to be the best version of yourself like i think that's what's what's the best about him
like he just wants like he sees that you have more and he's like give me more and i want every single
value you know so i just it's awesome um i had a quick one this might be a rumor but i was talking
to a snoop dog one of his like managers mike and you guys did a collab didn't you for merchandise
yes and then you went to a Snoop Dogg concert,
and it just so happens that Ryan Reeves was at that concert.
And then you guys end up in the back room waiting to meet Snoop Dogg,
and you're standing about five feet from each other.
How awkward was that, and how did that all shake out?
Yeah, that's not a rumor.
What a scoop, Biz. Yeah, scoop, guy, Biz? Yeah, that's not a rumor. That happened to us.
What a scoop, man.
Yeah, scoop guy, bitch.
Yeah, craziest scoop ever.
So I went to the Snoop Dogg concert in Toronto
because I wasn't able to catch the one in Montreal.
So I went to the one in Toronto.
We got brought to the dressing room.
That's where he had his room set up.
And Reeves and domey are standing
right there like five feet away from us and yeah i was just standing there and domey flies over and
like says hi i was like oh yeah because you're out of his weight class you guys could be buddies
yeah oh yeah we talk a little bit so he came over and said hi i was your summer gone whatever
and i guess he walked back over to reeve and he's like, man, just go say hi.
Like, what is this?
You guys are standing here like idiots.
You guys are just doing a stare off?
No, no.
We were just standing there.
Obviously, I knew he was standing there.
He probably knew I was standing there.
Revo's old school though, dude.
Oh, yeah.
So then he finally was coming up to me and we went for a dab.
And then there's a whole squad of people that just walked through.
So we're standing there so awkwardly with our hands up like, here we go.
But no, I got to meet him.
He's a nice guy, a great guy.
Obviously, he's an old school guy.
And yeah, we talked a little bit and it was good. meet him he's he's a nice guy a great guy obviously he's an old school guy and and uh yeah we got we
talked a little bit and it was good the the if you go to dap someone up and it's somehow like
delayed or it's what do you mean i try to do it and then you go to give the pound and you're just
both like what's going on but if you talk to the nba the nba on tnt guys they would probably tell
you i'm the worst dapper on the planet.
Every time they go to give me one, I'm getting nervous.
I don't know how to do it.
I'm just like, take my fucking hand.
Just take it.
You're overthinking it, man.
You're overthinking it.
Overthinking it.
Yeah.
I want that nice pop.
You know, the kids.
Yeah, you need that clap.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I need that.
So that's pretty cool.
You got to do that collab.
Now, R.A.'s not here, and this is typically his favorite question.
Who's the toughest guy you ever fought?
And or have, yeah, that's kind of what he usually asks.
So I figured I'd throw it at you.
I mean, a lot of people want me to say Deloria because he got the better of me.
But we didn't have such a great fight.
We didn't have a long fight.
We didn't have such a great fight.
We didn't have a long fight,
but I think it would be him in a sense because I actually hit a guy,
and then he grabbed me two hands, mitts off,
and I look up.
I'm like, uh-oh, and I shake him off.
Kind of like you did to Revo.
Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
Yeah, he grabbed me, and he's like,
you ready to go, big boy? I was like, yeah, sure, and he's like you ready to go big boy i was like yeah sure and
i didn't have a good grab and he popped me first shot right in the temple so i'm like
can't even see out of this eye i'm like here we go and yeah so i yeah i want to say him he was
my hardest fight because he i think he got the better of me there so but no revo strong like a
lot of guys are strong even like Lowry, he was pretty strong.
Tall.
Geno's tough, too.
Olivier, Olivier won't go down.
He'll stay up forever.
So it's a lot of tough guys, man.
He's kind of the guy that's forgotten about.
Dude, he's the sneaky.
When he got rempy this year, it's like, don't forget about Olivier.
He could be up there.
There's not many guys who would take on that guy.
He'll eat as many punches as you feed him, and he's not going anywhere.
So he's tough.
There has been a revival of the heavyweight division, though.
Do you feel that?
Do you feel like now half the games you're going in where you might get
challenged by a guy who I just feel like there was this resurgence and i mean you could credit
rempe i felt like when he came in it even ramped up a little bit more i don't know your thoughts
or feelings on it yeah definitely man like he flew in and fought everyone so i mean that's
even when i got in the league first like i was fighting everyone and then that kind of ramped
it up and then he kind of took it to another level.
And I was like,
like,
yeah,
I feel it for sure.
But last year I didn't get involved too much cause I knew I had the bad
shoulder.
So that was tough for me seeing it getting ramped up.
And I was like,
I can't be a part of this right now.
But,
but no,
I was,
yeah,
I felt it for sure.
I have a funny story about a Rempe actually.
So I get,
I get, uh, I get sent down to the AHL.
My second game, I think, in the league, I'm playing against Rempe, right?
So he's staring me down all warm up.
And he knew a guy on our team.
And he's like, yeah, he wants to go.
You guys are going to go tonight or whatever.
And I was like, man, I just got sent down.
I'm not down here to fight. I'm down here to go tonight or whatever. And I was like, man, I just got sent down. I'm not down here to fight.
I'm down here to get better, whatever.
And first shift, he flies in and just destroys a guy.
Headshot, replied side, everything in the box.
Destroyed a guy.
I love Reppy.
I'm a fan of Rocky.
I love the guy.
The guy he hit was half his size.
I know.
I don't blame him for the hit, but it was questionable.
And he's like, whatever.
The refs blow the play down.
It's my second game.
Refs blow the play down.
I'm on the bench.
The entire rink starts chanting, Jack, God, Jack. The whole rink. chanting Jack! Jack!
Your shoulder's mangled
And then the jumbotron
Puts me up on the bench
This is like the Quebec Senior League
The whole crowd's like
You're going nuts
I'm like oh my god
So I hop out there
They're screaming even louder
I go up to Rampe I don't even know what I said I just I gotta do something So I hop out there they're screaming even louder I go up to Rempe
I'm like I don't know I don't even know what I said
But I was just like I just had to do something man
Like the crowd's loving it right now
So yeah that was
That was a funny story about him
You might have been in Laval forever
Had you not done anything
Oh he got sussied for the dirty hit
Yeah he got sussied a few games
So I didn't play him again
So that was it What are you doing in preparation for the dirty hit yeah you got sussy a few games so i didn't i didn't play him again so that was it um what are you doing in preparation for the fact that now that your shoulder is good
like do you take boxing lessons do you do any type of grappling like what are you doing to
prepare for the fighting element yeah last year i did uh i did grappling for sure um i did i did
i did some boxing too i boxed on the ice and off the ice. The on ice stuff is pretty tough
because if you're not grabbing onto the guy,
you have no power behind your punches.
You just feel like you're throwing noodle punches.
I do some of that stuff.
I think I'll be able to start that up again now.
I haven't been able to obviously because I'm still in rehab.
I think now I'm fully cleared to start so I want to get wrestling
With my brother a little bit
Has George LaRock reached out?
Yeah I've skated with him as well
Like I did a one session with him
Like
Last year maybe last summer
George is like just be a lefty
And then just chuck bombs
At people
Yeah I'm like he's showing us stuff But I, yeah, but that's great for lefties.
We need to see the righties.
There's not many lefties.
But no, his stuff is pretty deadly, so he's good.
You're listed.
You never know what to believe on the internet.
You're listed 6'4", 240.
Is that what you play at?
Is that accurate, or are you right around there?
Yeah, kind of every year i kind of started putting on weight
but i i kept feeling good on the ice so yeah i'm six i'm six four 240 uh i mean i don't i didn't
really have much else to ask you jay mckee did bring up a funny story where he told you to play
exactly or do it do whatever you did last night do it every game and you guys you guys ended up
going out to last call did Do you remember that one?
What was it?
I think you guys were like 22-2.
You guys were on this massive heater.
He was just texting me some stories I was laughing at.
I didn't know if there was an appropriate time to bring him up.
Yeah, I think that was definitely one of them. We won every game in a row.
We're like, all right, we'll light out for one or whatever.
We go to the bar and Jamie Key's in there. We're like, game in a row and we're like, all right, well, like, well, I don't for one or whatever. And we go to the bar and Jamie keys in there.
We're like, Oh, he saw us in there.
He texts us right away.
At all boys.
I was here first fellas.
That's the rule.
Yeah.
He's like, suck it boys.
I'm here first.
Is there anything, any story that you thought we were going to ask you, which is a good one that maybe we don't know about?
If nothing, man, this has been an incredible hour.
You're so generous with your time, and we're so happy for you
just based on the whole story of you coming up
and battling through all the adversity you have, being undrafted,
and then finally getting a nice ticket.
That story you told about coming in the room
and telling your parents that you signed, man, that's all time.
Thank you, boys.
No, I don't think there's anything else.
I mean, I tried to share most of the stories I wanted to today to you guys for sure, but thanks for having me, boys.
I guess my last thing is Montreal fans and hockey fans, they're going to see your brother come in with a vengeance, right?
I got a buddy who was a scout in Montreal. he's like you have to see his brother and you mentioned the
three fights in one game but i'm guessing he's gonna show up looking to take on any and all like
challengers yeah he's he's not like he's not the same stature as me like i i think he's around 205
210 but i'm like i'm definitely heavier but he's got like long limbs like when he grabs me he's around 205, 210, but I'm definitely heavier, but he's got long limbs.
When he grabs me, he's far away.
And he's tough, man.
That kid is real tough.
I think he's got a little more anger than me.
He's got anger problems, I think.
You got the check.
You got the check.
He's the real Albany.
It went from Wi-Fi to the bandwidth brothers
Can I coin that?
Yeah
Sometimes I can pull a rabbit out of my ass
The bandwidth brothers
Bandwidth brothers
He's a tough kid
I watched a couple of his games as a junior
I'm like why are you so mad out there
What's setting you off
You're pissed every shift
What is happening I'm just so mad out there? What's setting you off? You're pissed every shift, chirping guys every shift.
What is happening?
And he's like, I don't know.
I'm just pissed off out there.
I'm like, all right, keep it going.
He's like, I dealt with you as an older brother all these years.
For every fucking kid listening, get a little bit of that in your game.
Because even if you don't have the most skill in the world,
NHL teams are starving for players like that,
who can play with that fucking edge night in and night out we
actually just uh interviewed pat verbeek and he was the same way where he played with that spark
every night and that's that to me is what's needed a little bit more in the nhl and we saw the
revival of the fighting i feel like it's going to be like a revival of almost old school hockey
again the violence a little bit biz yeah yeah definitely like he's I told him
I'm like man like he was a
like super skilled player when he was younger
like best player his age like
really skilled kind of the same thing as me
and then everyone else grew and we're both
late bloomers so
he was like I'm not playing like dad
I'm not playing like Arbor I'm not playing like Arbor
like I'm not gonna fight him I'm not gonna do this
my dad would just carve it in him.
I think me and my dad, we got it in him, and now he's an animal now.
He's unstoppable.
Exactly.
Look what we've done.
Thank you so much.
We've created a monster.
I can't wait to see what your future holds in your career.
Just to come on and give us an hour midsummer.
We appreciate it.
We're rooting for you, and good luck this season.
Oh,
thank you guys.
Thanks guys.
It was an honor,
man.
Thank you.
The sheriff.
Before we go any further,
guys,
I'm here to talk to you about sport clips.
Sport clips is the only place you can get your haircut.
Brunelli,
you see his hair in these pictures of his engagement.
Sport clips did that. And have you seen Fisher's haircut that we ripped on for like 20 minutes
last week? He didn't go to Sport Clips. So that's the mistake he made. Don't be making the same
mistake as the fish dog and make sure when you get your haircut, you go to Sport Clips. You can't be
choosing anywhere else. It's actually easy because the stylists at Sport Clips undergo special training to be the
experts in men's hair making, then the masters of mullets, the finessers of fades, and the
understudies of the undercut. It's easy to have confidence in your look when you're in the hands
of a pro. Just another way Sport Clips helps keep your head and your hair in the game. Don't make
the mistake so many do and not go to Sport Clips. Do it right now.
Sport Clips, it's a game changer. Thank you very much, Arbor Jack. I'm very interested to see what
he has in store for this year. Some of the tilts we could see him getting in. True leader in the
room, I'm guessing. And we appreciate him coming on. Biz, I don't know if you saw some news of Getze,
our boy Ryan Getzlaff,
he joined the NHL Department of Player Safety.
So always interested to see
when former players get into that
and it's kind of a tough job.
We had a long talk with George Paros at the finals
that it is difficult,
that you're kind of always the bad guy
and that you're like,
you're pissing off teams by suspending their players, you're pissing off teams by suspending their players.
You're pissing off players by suspending them.
Then you're,
if you don't suspend,
you're pissing off the team of the player who did something to the guy on
that team.
And so it's a tough job,
but gets the,
and George,
I think are pretty close.
And it makes sense to me to have somebody that I really liked the fact that
George played as tough as he did and was fighting and gets laugh was a
legit,
mean, hard-nosed
player. So it means a lot more
coming from those guys when they are laying down
suspensions or deciding on what to do
for maybe punishment because
it's like, hey, I know the game.
I played the game. I get it.
And I still think that this is worthy of
maybe a couple games off. So I think
Getz will be perfect in that role.
Might be one of the more difficult jobs in the NHL. And said it the fact that he gets to work with getsy his former
teammate um it's just like you know it's it's a nice pair you know it probably really alleviates
a little bit of stress just looking at peros and both well-respected guys who who know the
integrity of the game right so it's it's the perfect and it's a good way for for getsy to
ease into working with the league too he might have higher aspirations but everybody's got to
kind of pay their dues to some regard where i want to say brendan shanahan did this at one point
you know you learn a lot about the structure and what's going on about the rules things that are
happening behind the scenes to maybe one day be involved in management so a great way for him to
get his foot in the door.
And guys, it's nice to also have something when you're done playing.
You know, something to get yellow to house,
get back in the mix with the guys
and feel like you're back in the locker room again.
So I'm glad we got the sandbagger when we did, buddy,
because I don't think you're allowed to do it
when you're working with the league like that.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't think we're getting nixed.
I don't think old Georgie boy is going to be swinging up the wrenches with us anytime soon.
Unless he can.
Unless he wants a piece of the action.
Him and Gary will pair him up.
Imagine that.
Oh, we're just torturing Gary on the links.
I asked Gary if he'd come on the podcast for an interview to open up the season.
And he's like, I'll get back to you.
Come on, Gary.
It's out there.
Come on, Gary. He goes on McAfee and stuff. gary give us a chance ah we're not mcafee we're just a bunch
of peasants down no i know but i'm not saying we're mcafee i'm saying that he's done interviews
he's doing interviews very occasionally give your boy biz a chance to impress you with some of his
knowledge when he says whirlwind yeah that's a that's a maya culpa i don't think
mcafee called him kim jung betman so maybe that's the strike against me that is holding it back
right now but i've uh issued a public apology i've actually in fact changed my uh twitter
background to me and him at the tnt desk playing tummy sticks yeah he was laughing at my joke we're
chumming it up i'm i'm in the good books with the league now, folks.
Okay?
I'm not trying to fuck that up.
I'm right under Gary's wing here.
I think what he's trying to do is he's trying to take me under his wing
to maybe take over as commissioner,
because my understanding is he doesn't want to do it much longer,
and I think he wants to hand over the reins.
And then that's when I'll probably impose the franchise tag when I take over
as commission.
But that's enough about me considering that we're here to talk about Ryan
Getzloff and his new position,
but that's nor here nor there.
I don't have anything else with,
I had a great weekend in Victoria.
I didn't spend a ton of time here this,
this summer,
but Vancouver has been a blast.
And I think we got what? Two more pods until we got a best of time here this uh this summer but uh vancouver has been a blast and uh i think we got
what two more pods until we got a best of coming out we still have a lot of incredible interviews
coming your guys way i mean we got pat verbeek in the bank we got bobby holick uh we got charlie
coyle those were great oh buddy we got uh great yeah kevin low god kevin low edmonton yeah we
still have those i hope everyone enjoyed jack mich those. I hope everyone enjoyed Jack Michaels.
I hope everyone enjoyed Arbor Jack.
It's been a lot of fun catching up again.
I just want to end on a little bit of a sad note from my kind of crew at home.
And I've mentioned a lot of times my friend group at home.
Like, it's just, guys, we've been very close for, you know group at home. Like it's just, it's, it's guys,
we've been very close for, you know, 25 years. It's, it's,
it's a great group of people. And, and one of those is,
is my buddy Bill Ryan. He actually works for the Montreal Canadians,
does a great job with that organization as a scout. His brother,
Mike Ryan, Bill was a third round pick to New York Rangers.
His brother, Mike Ryan was a second round pick.
It was 32nd overall back then.
It was the second round to Dallas stars.
And they're from Milton,
Massachusetts,
two great guys,
great players.
And they lost their dad,
their dad,
John Ryan,
who was an unbelievable guy.
Guy was given like six months to live close to six years ago,
I think,
and passed away this past week so last night
we had his wake on his funeral this morning and it's just hard when you see somebody that's that's
such a close friend and you see him hurting and i just felt so bad their dad was the nicest guy ever
he was so friendly he was a he was a cop in quincy massachusetts for over 30 years so seeing all the
police out at his funeral today,
they had the bagpipes going,
they had all the respect he deserved.
His friend gave an awesome eulogy
and just talked about what he meant to everyone
and how good of a guy he was.
So I just felt so bad for the Ryans.
He had three boys, his oldest, John, also,
and then Mikey and then Bill Ryan.
Great family.
And his dad's going to really be missed.
And I just, I'm feeling, you know, you're feeling really sad for that family right now.
I think he had 11 grandkids.
I think it was 10 or 11 grandkids.
So they were all there.
And it's just sad when you see a good friend go through something like that.
But I hope and I'm sure he knows that his dad was just loved by all and you ran into
this guy he was so quick-witted funny and just an awesome person so um i'm really feeling for
the ryan family right now and john ryan will be remembered forever no doubt and actually one more
thing that um that that was that was awesome to see was uh mike ryan he works for the florida
panthers does a great job with them.
And so he had his day with the Stanley cup Monday of last week,
and he was able to bring it over and,
and got a picture with,
with Billy and himself and his dad with the Stanley cup.
And,
and he passed away the next day.
And I just think just to see your son be a part of a team.
And,
and I think Bill will get one someday,
whether it's in montreal or
somewhere else who knows but it was just really cool that that's what his dad got to see you know
his last day his last day alive so that was that was a special moment and they sent me over a
picture that i was i was really happy to see that so that's that's incredible wit thanks for sharing
buddy that's a tough weekend there yeah Yeah. So we appreciate everyone listening.
And just one final reminder, we do have this Sandbagger.
The Sandbagger Scramble will be Wednesday night at 6 o'clock Eastern
on all of our social channels.
So thank you so much for listening, and I hope everyone has a great week. But how much is your love?
They say a drunken speech is just sober thoughts.
I like to poke the bear, I like to stir the pot.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I bet she needs a detox to cleanse her mind
Another week rolls in, we're on the road again And now the week
rolls in, we're on the road
again
Thought I was safe and
sound in my minivan
But I said
something that crossed the line
Oh and I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chin Outro Music I think we need a deep talk.
