Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by MyBookie.
Whether you're a Merry Christmas guy, a Happy Hanukkah guy, a Quazy Kwanzaa guy, or a Tip Top Tet guy,
you're going to need some holiday cash. You need it, and I know where you can get it.
MyBookie is a place to score serious cash on your sports predictions. Believe it or not, the holidays are just around the corner, going to be
here before you know it. And while that means plenty of parties, gifts, boozing, and spending,
it also means there's lots of football, basketball, and hockey games you could score big on every day.
Man up or lady up and play like the pros on game day. You can play the money line, side or total,
puck line, whatever you want. It's there. MyBookie is your hookup for all your betting needs and offers super fast payouts when you win.
Where you bet is just as important as who you're betting on.
And if you want to make money betting the games, you got to go to mybookie.ag.
They're the only site I'd recommend.
I trust them, but you don't have to take my word for it.
Check them out yourself.
They have odds on every matchup and a mobile site that makes wagering on your smartphone a breeze.
Join now and MyBookie will match your deposit with up to a 50 bonus.
Use the promo code SPIT to activate the offer.
That's S-P-I-T.
Visit MyBookie.ag today.
You play, you win, you get paid. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 5 deuce 52
Adam Foote
What up, what up
Oh, Foote
Footer
How about, yeah, Footer, eh?
RA just tried telling me I look like Adam Foote
He's got the biggest snout
In world history
Slight resemblance
He was
A machine by the way
Talk about old school
Tough
Fucking nasty hockey player
Perfect example
Why you need
Hard nosed
Defensive defenseman
To win championships
Right as Matt Green's
Picture comes on the TV
For LA
Kind of like
Nasty
Matt Green was on
Big nasty defenseman
Yeah yeah
You need those guys man
I play with Greener
Yeah Greener
What's up
Episode 52
Spitting Chigga
Brought to you by
Barstool Sports
What's up guys
I already said it dude
Let's go
Let's go
You gotta get with the program
Hello gentlemen
Put his patented
Alright
I think you repeated everything
Someone's all amped up today
Alright big trade
Since our last episode
Finally
I honestly don't remember
When I predicted
Duchesne would get traded
I thought I said around Thanksgiving.
I think you said before Thanksgiving.
Did you really review those tapes?
I remember that because he texted me and told
me, hey, guys, I actually said right before Thanksgiving.
But no one expected it.
So just to get you up to speed,
I'm going to call him by his correct name.
Matt Dushane. Not Steve.
Matthew Dushane. Went to Ottawa.
Kyle Torres went to Nashville.
And Joe Sagak in Colorado, he held out for a bounty and he got it.
He got four players, three picks.
I know I called it a win-win-win trade.
I know we were talking on text me and Wits the other day.
Yeah, we're going to need a few years to determine who actually won the trade.
But I think in the immediacy after, each team had to feel pretty good about their team the next day.
Yeah, it's like right now, it's like nobody can be upset.
Like, oh, we kind of came away winner.
No, we don't.
I think that Colorado can't say that.
Like, yeah, they got a bunch.
But, I mean, if we look three years down the line,
nobody's playing four years.
They didn't get shit.
Right, right.
But in terms of like
once, I mean, I remember
we originally talked that it was rumored
that Sakic wanted to get a player to help
the Avalanche right now
and he wasn't willing to kind of
settle for a future type thing.
Whereas now, I mean, that's pretty much, I think
what he had to do. If he ended up wanting to trade him,
it certainly wasn't going to be
a guy that was really going to be impactful.
I think teams that are getting Duchesne don't want to give up
someone. They're obviously getting him because they think they have a
chance to make a good run.
But Ottawa's now really
dangerous. The funny thing that I thought about
the entire trade was
that the Predators kind of were
given the ability
or
Torres and his agent were given the ability to do an
extension right before before it all went down i mean once once turris's name was made public um
the gm and auto gm and auto was furious because then all of a sudden it's just once a guy's
playing for you and knows his names out there it just changes everything so once that happens i
think it probably got everything rolling you know in a
way that like now we gotta almost do this not have to but um in the end it's like it right now i do
like where everyone looks i mean i think i feel like tourist is getting kind of underrated in all
this like duchesne's a great player but people act like tourists like isn't you know he has times
when he's dominant yeah he's a great player like yeah he makes and nashville makes another big deal
yeah where they you know they end up giving here great player. Yeah, and Nashville makes another big deal
where they end up giving...
Here's what's crazy about...
A big deal.
Yeah, a big deal.
If you draft it and you scout correctly,
you look at Nashville's history,
they have all these defenses, right?
They're so good at picking D-men.
Well, now they have this Samuel Gerrard,
who was a big part of the deal,
who looks like he's going to be a fantastic
offensive skating player, but
they look and they see, alright, well,
we can trade him
because of how great of a job we've done in the
past. Ekholm, Yossi,
Subban, Cousa Weber. It's like, that's
why good drafting ends up giving you
the chance to get elite players
without giving up roster players, because if you just
keep doing it, you know people
like Nashville picked this D-man.
He's going to be good.
They fucking know.
Exactly, yeah.
They're becoming known for it.
So it was exciting.
I think people were really happy to hear, though.
I can't imagine Joe Sacchi probably slept unbelievable.
Oh, finally, I know.
He's like, Jesus Christ.
And the guys on Colorado, I feel like a fucking clown.
I don't feel like a Big J Journal right now because I can't remember who said it,
but somebody on Colorado was asked, maybe Landis Kog.
And he goes, he didn't want to be here anymore.
Like, kind of end of story.
Like, almost.
We didn't want him here because he blatantly didn't want to be here.
So now it's over.
Thank God.
And wouldn't you know, the first game Duchesne has is against Colorado this fucking week.
The first two games.
Yeah, over in Sweden, which is kind of funny.
And it's funny.
Like you mentioned, once tourist names come up,
you kind of feel like you have to do something with them.
And it just shows you how many moving parts are going on
when you're doing a three-teamer like this.
And, okay, two teams are giving assets over to Colorado.
And, I mean, to guys like us, it's just very interesting how it breaks down.
Sorry, you got it?
Eric Johnson.
Eric Johnson.
Okay, I didn't know if it was his last name.
But the other fucking hilarious thing was that,
so you see the clips of Duchesne walking on the locker room
with his travel bag and the equipment manager's got the bag.
He's getting traded in the middle of a game.
It's so bizarre.
The way he left the ice, I don't know if you saw,
Blake Como got hit.
I don't know if he was concussed.
It didn't look great.
He's getting wheeled off.
He's not wheeled off the ice.
He's skating off the ice with the trainers with him.
And somebody's meeting him at the exit.
And then Duchesne just, like, sneaky, like, goes behind him.
That's another thing.
We'll get back into this.
But the big deal, the big news of the NHL was that the 2019 Winter Classic will be played
at Notre Dame with the Blackhawks hosting the Bruins, which is pretty exciting.
I fucking immediately love to go out there for that.
And Barstool Chief was the guy who actually broke the news,
so we're going to bring him in right now.
Yeah, big scoop for our boy Chief.
We're going to set that up right now.
I want to hear how it went down.
He won't give up his sources, I bet.
All right, now we're going to bring in my pal Barstool Chief from Barstool, Chicago,
who got arguably the biggest hockey scoop of the year thus far.
He broke the news that the 2019 Winter Classic
is going to be played at Notre Dame Stadium
between the Blackhawks and the Bruins.
Chief, welcome to the show, finally.
And tell us how you got the scoop, my man,
without obviously throwing people under the bus.
Give us all your sources and shit.
Yeah, I don't want to get anybody in trouble.
You know, I got a little tip from people at Notre Dame
and kind of pulled through some big journalist stuff
and kind of cross-referenced it with some other people I know
and was told to sit on it until the first week in November.
Hardest thing I've ever done because I have to tell news when I have it,
so don't tell me secrets because I'm going to blow it.
But, yeah, I got the final
go-ahead to kind of run with it yesterday and
put it out there. Marina
and the whole Spittin' Chicklets team
kind of did the graphic for me, which was very nice
and got the big cat
retweet and that's
all it takes to go viral. So
it's out there now.
There's medicine for that. Are you waiting? So when you
find out, right, are you
and now, like, I would say as, like, you get bigger into, like,
you know, hockey coverage, especially with the Hawks and stuff,
like, when you get stuff like this, it's good for you.
It gets your name out there.
You're seen by more people.
So, you know, I'm thinking that you're like, all right,
I really want to be the one to break this news.
So if you had to wait on it,
are you waiting every day to see it broken by by like bob mckenzie or something no i just because i felt pretty good
that it was under wraps so i knew that they were planning some type of formal announcement uh for
during the navy game uh which is november 18th so i think i think people are probably pissed
that it got out uh like i think people might get fired if they found out where it came from.
So, yeah, I don't think Bob McKenzie or anybody like that was going to have it,
but that is kind of why I did it when I did it,
because I think if I had waited until next week to do it,
maybe if I did it next Tuesday, maybe it would have gotten out.
But I think I felt pretty good about,
uh,
being the only guy that had it for,
for the last few weeks.
Dude,
that that's awesome.
As a,
well,
a wannabe big J when I was in college,
man,
there's nothing better than that feeling it right.
Chief,
when you bought,
when you break a story that no one fucking has and the whole
internet has to credit you for it.
Isn't that the best?
It's like telling people somebody died.
You're like,
dude,
did you hear this person died?
They're like,
Oh my God.
And you're the one telling them
That's like holy fuck
Like you feel so
You feel like not empowered
It's not the right word
But you know what I'm saying
You just really took the show
To a dark place Ryan
No no
You know what I'm saying
Like yesterday I was like
Dude Roy Holiday died
And one of my buddies
Like holy shit
I'm like I know
You get to talk about it
With someone
You're so shocked
It's like when you show
Your buddy a new song
And you're the first one to see it.
Yeah, or a death.
Yeah, that's a better example.
Or a death.
Or Roy Halliday.
Yeah.
It's addicting.
It's a rush.
I'm not going to lie.
I don't really get into the breaking news stuff hardly at all, but telling people news is the best.
So telling everybody that was a pretty good day yesterday.
Yeah, man.
I mean, I was like proud of you as a fellow bar school guy and just like maybe 1 jealous
because that's such a huge scoop to get and to share with everyone.
I mean, I've had not that major, but over the years, a couple of Bruins things I'd get
shared with.
But, you know, it was kind of real specific info and I'd kind of have to sit on it because
if I said, oh, so-and-so got a busted labrum, they're going to be like, wait a minute.
Who told you that?
And then I'm going to get, you know, you don't want to get people in trouble.
I mean, if you get told info, sometimes you got to sit on it and, you know, you don't want to get people screwed.
But I thought awesome.
It was really dynamite, Chief, because you had a dust up with that peckerhead at the Tribune, Mark Lazarus.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's one of these arrogant fucking, oh, I work in a newspaper.
I'm better than you types. And meanwhile, the internet's been fucking circling for 10 years now and he was real
condescending with chief and you know he wrote oh you know you can never do what i do because
nobody would ever credential basto and i fucking dunked on him i was like yeah oh really like and
i almost like wanted to put my pictures of credentials in his face so the fact that you
get this on top of him i was able to dunk what you had nuts in his face makes this even better.
That was the sweetest part for me because all those, especially, I feel like Boston,
like your credential, I've never tried to get credentialed, but I feel like Boston kind
of respects Barstool more so than Chicago just because it's so huge there.
They all kind of just pretend that i don't
exist so i'm on like this uh spike tour where i just i like hate everybody i'm pretty open about
it uh so yeah to be able to dunk on lazarus and uh everyone else no one else really even
acknowledged it um in the chicago media it was just barcelona chicago or or reports are out there
so they're still like kind of petty about it.
But yeah, it does feel good to keep the 2017 Spite Tour going.
You're definitely a New England native.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, going into the Hawks, we're going to get into some other NHL teams.
But what's kind of going on with them?
I think that after Keith and Seabrook, their D aren't good.
I see you flipping out a little bit. uh are you starting to get worried i should say
this is the most worried i've ever been about them um seabrook i he's not even really that
good anymore so he's got a big he's got a big fat contract and and a little bit of a fat ass and
i love seabrook he's been a great player here.
He's still getting probably the toughest assignments night in, night out,
which, I mean, you watch him against Philly a couple nights or last week
against the Giroux line, and it's just like this guy can't.
He just can't keep up.
So he does certain things very well.
He's definitely not a top pair type defenseman anymore,
so that hurts since he gets paid like one.
But still love the guys.
Obviously he belongs in the NHL and on the team.
So like hating Seabrook has kind of become,
has become kind of like almost a meme,
which I'm trying to fight against
because he's still like a good player,
but he's not what he was
where he's like a Team Canada guy and all that.
So that's the kind of problem.
I think they still have talent,
but it's just they, I don't's not it's not coming together for them that the uh they're not playing with
speed it's almost like they gotta just try to generate by flying the zone or something because
they have nothing going through the neutral zone and then there seems like they're late on
supporting pucks in the offensive zone so it's been it's been ugly. And I don't really see it changing too much.
I haven't seen too many sides change, at least offensively.
Yeah, and I mean, this is after, you know,
the sweep of the Predators by the Predators last year
when everyone, you know, Stan Bowman's like,
we need big changes.
And yeah, I mean, people who, if there's Blackhawks fans out there
who like now hate Seabrook, they're the worst fans in the world.
I don't think that he is what he was five years ago, but the fact of what he's done there, that drives me crazy.
Maybe that's the former player in me, but if there's people that are now making memes and torturing Seabrook, it's like, are you fucking kidding me?
You think that this guy is the huge issue here? I mean, they have so little depth on the blue line that it's just funny to see how quickly it's changed for them.
And also, I think that this could switch and they could get going.
But it's funny to hear that you see every game and you've noticed that there's just not much connection there.
Yeah, not a lot of cohesion.
And I do want to clarify that on Seabrook.
He is like the big daddy on the team.
Like, that's what all the guys say. Like, Caves is the captain and Seabrook. He is like the big daddy on the team. That's what all the guys say.
Caves is the captain and Seabrook's kind of the daddy.
He's in charge in that locker room, and he's still a huge voice
and a huge presence on the team.
He's good on the power play.
He does a lot of things well.
I kind of almost wish that the coaching staff would make it a little bit easier
on him and maybe give him some more favorable matchups
because it's just you know like you said five years ago throwing Seabrook out against the other
team's top line like you don't even think about it now it's it's not a great matchup for him and it
kind of kind of throws fuel on the fire for the for the people that hate him so I do kind of wish
he would have uh you know they they do they do him some favors and give him some, you know, minutes against the bottom six,
but he's just not getting much of that.
Yeah, and I kind of agree with you, Wits, that, you know,
I think fans sometimes need to recognize that guys get older, skills decline.
It's natural progress.
Yeah, and if they didn't win three cups and play all those years,
it's like, whatever, fuck you, this guy stinks.
Yeah, exactly.
It's a little different.
Yeah, and we're kind of, I guess, a similar thing here in Boston.
He's going to be in the Blackhawks Hall of Fame.
Yeah, a little similar with Chara here, although I don't know how much people,
if they're complaining as much about him here as Seabrook in Chicago.
But it's like, look, man, the guy's a 4 million deal.
He's still playing number one minutes.
Is he the number one guy five years ago?
No.
But is he still contributing?
Has he done a lot here?
Yeah.
So you ought to respect that.
So, all right, Chief, this is obviously a quick late hit because you broke some late news, so we wanted to bring you on to talk about it.
So I got one more issue I got to mention to you before we let you go.
If you ever, ever, ever put a picture of Bobby Orr in Blackhawk Red in a blog again, we're fucking throwing down when you come to Boston.
And I'll tell you, and this isn't because Bobby O's in a different color uni. It's
because of the fucking ugly, ugly history
that that photo represents.
When I see that picture, I don't think Bobby
O in a different uniform. I think of that
fucking scumbag Alan Eagleson and
what he robbed Boston of. So,
that's that. R.A. Shakin'. Thanks a lot, Chief.
Thank you very much, buddy. That is
my little favorite
subtle troll thing.
There's nothing subtle about it. Alright, buddy. That is like my little favorite subtle troll thing. Oh, there's nothing subtle about it.
Yeah.
All right, buddy.
Hey, congratulations.
I know it bothers people, and I can't help it.
I love doing that.
Because it wasn't like it was a great thing having Bobby Orr here in Chicago either.
It wasn't.
It was a disaster for everybody involved.
But I know that it ruffled some feathers, so I got to do it.
On that level, I can respect Troll Game as much as anybody
who has a long-time internetter.
So, Chief, man, thanks for coming on short notice.
Again, congrats on the huge scoop.
You got the whole fucking hockey world having to give you props,
and I love it because it's Boston and people have to do it reluctantly.
So thanks for joining us, short notice.
Going to have you on again soon.
Have a great day, buddy, and we'll talk to you soon. That interview
with Barstool Chief was brought to you by
HIMSS. Listen, folks,
I know the holidays are coming. There's going to be a lot of
pictures with relatives and old friends you haven't
seen for a while. And, you know, you get up there a little bit, you
might not be looking and feeling as confident as you once
did. So that's why you want to try HIMSS out.
HIMSS has a line of merchandise
involved with your hair care, skin
care, and your sex life.
And that's something as you get older, you're going to realize that each of those mean a lot more to you as a guy growing up in the current world.
The hair aspect, probably a little late for me.
I wish I had HIMSS available to me 15, 20 years ago.
I might have nice, luscious locks in my melon right now.
But that doesn't mean you folks can't still have nice hair, too.
Go to HIMSS.
Check out all their hair products.
They also have a lovely line of skin products.
And if you're having a little struggle in between the sheets, don't be afraid to go
to HIMSS.
No, they're not going to drop a dime on you.
Go and get whatever services you need because they're trusted, reliable, easy, affordable.
You want to be the best man that you can be by using the HIMSS products.
Men want to take care of themselves.
They want to feel confident.
HIMSS allows you to do that. There's no nurses, no lines. You just go online. You tell them what you need.
They bring it to you. It's a great product for guys out there who, again, you want to look good.
You want to feel good this time of year. You know, you might be putting a little weight on. You might
get a little older, losing a little hair. Go to HIMSS. They're going to help you out with all
those problems that guys, specific to guys, I would say, you know, anytime you're getting older,
things are going to change on you,
and hymns are going to help you feel a little bit younger.
So get 50 off when you try hymns for a month today.
Your trial includes everything you need to keep you here at half price,
a full 50 off while supplies last.
Do your future self a favor and try hymns today.
Go to 4hymns.com slash chicklets.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-s.com slash chicklets. That's
4hims.com
slash chicklets.
4hims.com
slash chicklets. And that's
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Alright, once again, big thanks to
my buddy, Bastl Chief. It's funny, man. I've been
talking to Chief for, I don't know,
six, seven years now, and we've never actually met in person. It's like one man. I've been talking to Chief for, I don't know, six, seven years now and we've never actually
met in person.
Really?
It's like,
probably the epitome
of an internet friend.
We've texted,
talking,
you know,
because he's my original
podcast partner,
him and Chuckie.
The guy's like,
I have a girlfriend.
She lives in New York.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
She's in Canada.
I don't have a passport
so I don't get to see her.
Yeah,
thank you for him.
That's awesome
that he broke that news.
I fucking love it,
dude.
I love that Bastl, I mean, you know, we. That's awesome that he broke that news. Fucking love it, dude. I love that Boston.
I mean, we've been in the media game for a while.
I know people sometimes still find that out about us,
but we've been doing this for a while,
so anytime we get a big scoop like that,
it's great for the squad.
Yeah, we finished talking about the trade.
Big, ugly hit.
We usually don't talk about European hockey on here.
Dan Paia, man, I loved him as a bro,
and he was a great fourth liner.
It was the CHL. I guess it's some European tournament or something. You Paillet, man, I loved him as a bro, and he was a great fourth liner. It was the CHL.
I guess it's some European tournament or something.
You want to know what it is?
It's the dumbest thing in the world.
Yeah, well, after that hit, I'd have to say so.
Dan Paillet was kind of just covering in his own zone,
not watching the puck because he didn't have it,
not even near the puck.
Some fucking goon, Thomas Larkin.
He played in the States.
He got drafted, but I don't think he
played in the NHL. Just fucking
bundles him. Not an incidental contact.
Just flat out fucking lays
him out as if you had to think he bundled this
old lady or something because he was such a dirty
scumbag kid.
And the fucking... I mean,
he's had four or five concussions in the NHL
when he played here. Now, that's probably going to be the worst
one he ever took. I mean, he took forever to get
him off the ice. It was horrible to watch.
There was nothing hockey-related about it.
And it's Europe, so the guy, Billy, he didn't even catch a
beat after. One of the players jumped on him,
and the guy couldn't even beat him up. Just an
ugly fucking scene, dude.
Okay, the hit is
an embarrassment.
I don't know who the kid is. It says he went to
Phillips Exeter. Is that New Hampshire?
Or is that Massachusetts? Yeah, it's New Hampshire.
Really smart nerds.
The kid goes there, whatever. And then he goes on to
play at Colgate. I see he played a little bit
in the AHL. Then he went to the KHL
for Zagreb, the team in Croatia.
And now he's in Mannheim, I think
it is. He's in the German League, which is always
a really good team. That's the fucking
dirtiest hit I've ever seen.
Now, I don't know what happened before, before if pie did something to him or whatever but that was a
embarrassment to hockey and the the most annoying thing for so pie plays for brenas and i don't know
if i ever saying that right it's in the swedish league do you understand what this fucking chl
it's so it's the champions league yeah so they do it in soccer, but it's huge.
Soccer, it's like the biggest thing in the world.
Hockey, it's fucking completely foolish.
They get a team or a couple teams from all the European leagues, and then in the middle of your season,
you go to play these random CHL games,
and if you win it, it doesn't even fucking mean one thing.
Sometimes the games are in front of no people.
It's not a league game.
The points don't matter for anything.
So, Pae had this brutal-looking injury.
I mean, he looked fucked up on the ice.
I hope he's all right.
I've known him for a long time.
Great guy.
He looked fucking horrific.
This clown's fucking crushing him with this dirty hit in a game that doesn't even mean anything.
So, Pae is now, if he's not out for the year, he's going to be out.
Oh, man. And this isn't even a game that mattered for him. Right. So Pai is now, if he's not out for the year, he's going to be out. Oh, man.
And this isn't even a game that mattered for him.
Right.
So it's like this fucking league.
I remember we weren't in it in my one minute
I played in Sweden.
We weren't in it, but I remember guys were telling me,
like, yeah, these two teams are in it.
They have a Champions League game.
Oh, it doesn't mean anything.
Like, they're going to Switzerland.
So it's the worst named league in the planet.
Yeah, it's like the Champions of...
Oh, it's so... I felt that was such a fucking dirty hit. And it's the worst named league in the planet. Yeah, it's like the champions of... I felt that was such a fucking dirty hit.
And it's funny, you haven't seen...
You don't see many NHL stuff like that happen anymore.
The NHL is better in terms of real dirty plays,
at least the past couple of years.
I think they're definitely going down.
Yeah, you haven't seen anything...
I mean, I can't tell you the last time I saw anything remotely
like what happened to Pai, man.
And the guy kind of made it look like
he didn't mean to do it.
And he fucking meant to do it. There was way too
much ice around him for that.
It wasn't incidental. Incidental doesn't come
with that much force. It was fucking brutal.
And then somebody jumped him from Brinas and the kid had his
gloves on fighting still.
He still has his hockey gloves on throwing punches.
That was just...
We hope Pye's feeling alright because that was fucking really annoying, throwing punches. That was just awe hope Pai is feeling all right, because that was fucking really annoying.
Bad hit.
That was pretty brutal.
But, well, actually, we've got a double bubble this week.
We've got another guest coming on.
Nick Bonino.
So, actually, before we bring him in, I just want to remind everyone, quick around the league.
Getz Laff sucks.
He's out two months, they're thinking, in Anaheim.
So, they've got to, you know, Kessler him, Fowler out.
So, they're going to need to kind of stay in the swing of things.
If they get guys back healthy, I think they're going to be real dangerous
in the second half.
But Bonino's calling in, so let's welcome in him.
Real quick, at least Getze can spend more time at Vesuvio,
make sure the food's running all right, though.
Your favorite, your favorite joke.
It really is him, though.
Now we'd like a welcome to the show.
Two-time Stanley Cup winner, back-to-back with the Penguins,
and then he signed for a nice little bundle of cashish down with Nashville.
Connecticut's own Nick Bonino played at BU.
Welcome to the show, Nicky Bones.
Yeah, thanks for having me, guys.
Buddy, how's it going in Nash?
First, we want to know what's going on with your health.
We saw, you know, everyone knows the issue you had last year in the Stanley Cup with the broken leg,
and then you came back this year, and so what's going on right now?
Yeah, you know, obviously not to get a, you know how it is, you can't really get too in-depth,
but it's kind of a frustrating, you know, thing.
You battle back from that.
They did announce I had surgery, and I was able to come back, but it was tough. You don't play any games in training camp, and you're back from that. They did announce I had surgery.
And I was able to come back, but it was tough.
You don't play any games in training camp.
And you're almost using those first two, three games as a training camp. And then just bad luck, you know, put me out again.
But hopefully getting close.
I think, you know, four weeks already it flies by.
And just kind of chomping at the bit to get back here.
Yeah, and it's so true that if you don't get exhibition games the first game of the year you're like what the what the fuck is going on right now guys are buzzing by you so that's that's
so hard to get into that but i do want to ask another question that i don't want to forget about
before we get into some other stuff is the halloween costumes that went down i don't know if people know was it you and your wife dressed up as seekers yeah so uh so you're obviously familiar
with uh with that phenomenon but we um i think it was george peros probably you know seven years
ago when i started he had talked about doing that costume i can't remember if he did but
um he was gonna i think he was in the bar maybe with just like a trapper keeper full of cards and i said at the time you know it'd be amazing if we could get dressed up and
trick everyone and this year we just said screw it we're gonna do it and um we stood out there
for two hours it was freezing it was uh it was funny though you saw by the video there was that
um there's kind of a balcony above where we were and and when we'd get guys to sign, they'd go in,
and then the guys upstairs would tell them who it was,
and then they'd come watch the rest of it.
So it was kind of an entertainment thing.
That's awesome.
It couldn't have gone any better.
You know when you hope something's good, you don't want it to be lame,
and it ended up working out pretty well.
So we were happy about that.
Now, Nick, none of these guys recognize you as a teammate,
which is hilarious, but were any of them like a dick to you? Like when you walked in, like, wow, he was a real dick about that. Now, Nick, none of these guys recognize you as the teammate, which is hilarious. But were any of them like a dick to you?
Like when you walked in, like, wow, he was a real dick about that.
You fucking weird seeker.
Get away from me.
None of them were bad.
A couple guys said no.
Ryan Ellis said no, thank you.
You can see it on the video, which was pretty funny.
Because nobody wanted to sign.
And he had his fiance with him.
Everybody's got their wife.
But Matt Irwin, I haven't seen a reaction like his. because nobody wanted to sign, and he had his fiance with him. Everybody's got their wife with them.
Matt Irwin, I haven't seen a reaction like his.
He kind of, he was shocked that we were there,
and he, like, ran back and, like, almost guarded his wife from us.
So he was probably the funniest one.
He was in a bright neon jumpsuit, and it was pretty funny.
That's somebody that's had some, had some dark experiences with Seekers,
to just be guarding your wife.
Stay away from my wife, you creep!
I thought the funniest part was my wife.
Obviously, a beautiful woman dressed up in a beard,
and when they did the wives picture,
you had all the girls in their nice costumes,
and everyone looked pretty,
and then in the back row, she had this beard and this weird hair with a dart coming out of her mouth.
That's a picture we'll always have.
The exact opposite of the slutty nurse girl is the seeker.
That's hilarious.
Yeah, that's a wife, a woman who takes one for the team.
Now, Nick, going back to the Cup last year,
you famously played Game 2. You broke your leg, I think, in the first period, and you finished, continued for the team. Now, Nick, going back to the Cup last year, you famously played game two.
You broke your leg, I think, in the first period.
You finished, continued playing the game.
Were you aware as you were playing that your leg was likely broken,
or were you just not even thinking of it because of the adrenaline of the situation?
Yeah, you know, and Witt can attest to this.
Usually when you block a shot there, you don't take your skate off.
They don't want it to blow up.
We actually went back
in uh it was probably a little bit left in the first and we took an x-ray and uh the doc said
yeah like this is it's broken um what do you want to do and i said yeah let's shoot it up and do it
and um he said like right before he did it, he was like,
you're probably going to need surgery if you do this.
And it was kind of like a shock because you don't expect that.
And at the time, you're like, yeah, screw it.
It's the final.
So we shot it up.
We're able to play.
And I couldn't feel anything that day. Like, I played the next two periods, played like 16, 17 minutes on it,
and ended up going to get
cat scans that night and i was running i was pretty much walking around on it in a boot because
because it was so numb and um we saw the casket that nighter and it was it was huge uh there's
like a huge you know fracture and uh i remember saying oh it's fine i can play with it i can walk
right now nothing's wrong and then i woke up the next morning, and the pain in my meds had worn off.
And it was like, oh, man, there is 0.
And we ended up trying it.
I mean, I skated on it for 40 minutes before game four.
We practiced.
And then I shot it up before game four to try to play.
And I took like eight laps in warm-ups, and I said no chance.
So it was pretty sad.
You always want to be out there playing, but you've got to have faith your team will get
it done, and it was worth it in the end.
One other question from the cop.
Obviously, you're in Nashville now, so you can probably answer this question a little
better, but had you ever seen a playoff atmosphere quite like what Nashville had going on last
year?
Yeah, these guys were down there. I couldn't make the trip but spitting chiclets was
represented in uh nashville and i i couldn't believe it i've been to seven or eight cups and
i had never seen a building quite like that did you feel the same way it was it was it was amazing
it was um i mean you look at broadway uh actually i took my wife and my mother-in-law the other a
couple weeks ago to Tootsie's
to show her what it looked like
and looking down you can envision
when they had all of Broadway
filled and you guys have been on Broadway
it's pretty amazing to think that
it was something like I've never seen
it was obviously Pittsburgh
gets behind their team
I think it was pretty cool to see
Nashville kind of
what's labeled as a smaller
market team all of a sudden have you know these rabid fans and it was a very big factor in
signing there it was something that I definitely wanted to experience playing for them. So in
winning two cups in a row saying that's just incredible i can't imagine how awesome that is for you and
your family but do you think back to like because you were healthy and able to kind of walk around
was the first and it was the first cup was that was that a more special experience or can you not
really compare the two or you know what i'm saying like what do you remember one more fondly than the
other uh yeah i know what you're saying it's tough to it is tough i i think the you know
at the end of the day the the first one was pretty crazy because we hadn't done it yet um
we were bad we were like really bad the beginning of the year sure you remember that yeah and you
had you had 18 points in the playoffs that year you but you bad dog well that yeah that that was
fun i mean we had hbk that year we
we uh that's something i've never experienced it was just like the perfect timing we all
were scoring it was it was really fun and then this year um or last year i should say was was
different it was a little bit more business like you know the first year we're kind of caught up
in the emotions it's the first for most of us.
Last year was, you know, we were a really good team.
It was, we expected to be there.
Not that, you know, we thought it would be easy,
but we were like, we're good enough to do this again.
My role was a little bit different. It wasn't, you know, Phil played with G for most of it.
And I ended up taking a lot of D zonezone draws, and it was a lot of fun.
I mean, we shut down, and we had to shut down.
And, again, we just got it done.
So it's tough.
It obviously was nice putting up a bunch of points,
but to win that second one in a row was pretty crazy.
Now, Nick, you're from the fault line of New England,
where it kind of separates Sox-Yankees
fans, Pats-Giants fans.
You know, we have to know...
Good people, scumbags.
What side of the battle are you on?
I'm going to get a lot of flack for this, but...
Well, first of all, baseball, I'm a Sox fan, for sure.
There's no question there.
But you're right. we did grow up on that
on that line my dad's family they were always Giants fans and Sox fans and I was kind of born
into the Giants fans and it's the last probably three or four years um I'm trying to make the
switch to the Pats fan I don't know if it's allowed but but just seeing what Brady and Belichick do,
I have a ton of respect for them, and it's pretty amazing.
So I've slowly switched my allegiance, and I'm told constantly that I'm not allowed,
but I think I'm doing it anyway.
Yeah, you're a big boy. You can do what you want.
I mean, I'm going to speculate.
I know my dad was
you know back in the day was a giants fan before the patriots were here the giants were the closest
team so a lot of older new england folks you know were giants fans and you know i mean that might
have just kind of transferred generally generationally and of course you're in connecticut
so you're already in that that gray zone anyways so what what is the uh what is the Avon Old Farms team nickname?
Winged Beavers.
Oh, okay.
Best nickname ever.
Did you play with Jonathan Quick at Avon?
I missed Quickie by a year.
I know him from just being around and in Connecticut,
and I would have loved to play with him.
But, yeah, I missed him there, and then I missed him when he left UMass before I got to BU.
But I played with Cam Atkinson.
He was my winger.
Oh, that must have been a decent New England prep team.
Did you guys win the New Englands?
We were all right.
We did, yeah.
Oh, no shit.
All right, so then fast forward.
You get a scholarship.
You go to BU, all right?
Pretty good freshman year I've seen.
And then sophomore year you guys win the national
title. Would you say the craziest
game you've ever been a part of?
By far.
That was insane.
Can you explain to people who don't
know the situation at the end? It was Miami
of Ohio in Washington, D.C. I remember
that. Yeah, we're the number one
seed coming in. I don't know how many games we lost.
Like six that
year we were pretty good um all of our d-men played nhl games a ton of our forwards did so
we were the one seed and and they were the 16 they just made the playoffs and they
upset everyone to get there and we were down 3-1 um with a minute left and uh
3-1 left parker's just flipping on the bench yeah i don't even i don't think i don't
even think he was saying anything i think obviously it was you know we can do this but
um it's tough to really believe that um now when you say it but did you score pretty nuts
did you score the tying goal i knew you. I knew you wouldn't have said it, though, if we didn't ask.
Assisted on the goal before the tying goal, too, right?
Holy fuck bones.
Yeah, it was some puck luck.
Such a humble guy.
All right, so you leave BU after junior year, and you go right to Anaheim.
You played, I think, I mean, I think it was something around 10 games that year.
So you hop in the NHL, and you're like, wow, I could do this right away?
Was it surprising to you, the success you had?
I mean, and then how did the end at Anaheim actually go?
Like, what was the way you were out of there?
I don't remember.
Well, yeah, like the first game I flew out and I played against Edmonton.
I remember lining up and being like, wow, these guys are actual men.
Like, who do I remember?
I think it was Strudwick had this huge beard,
and he looked like he was going to kill me.
And I remember saying, like, this is nuts.
Like, I am not ready for this.
And played nine games, did okay.
But the next year I got called up and I played 26 games, no points.
Just really frustrating.'t wasn't great and it's all confidence you know that yeah um and then you
know who really helped was boudreaux i think a lot of this comes with you got you find a coach
who likes you um especially when you're young and uh they make a big difference. And he played me. He believed in me.
I ended up, when did I leave there?
I don't know what year it was, but I got traded for Kessler.
Me and Spieser got traded for Ryan Kessler to Vancouver in the middle of the summer.
So that was kind of expected.
We heard it was coming and got the call and kind of knew what was happening.
Yeah, that first time getting traded is so shocking.
Even if you know it's coming, you're still like, well, wait a minute.
I don't know anyone else on this team now, I guess, besides Spieser.
So that must have been difficult.
But getting traded, whenever you ended up in Pittsburgh, I mean,
how sick is it playing with Crosby and Malkin it's funny like people don't realize how like funny of a guy
malkin is i didn't get to experience it because he didn't speak english but now everyone loves him
he is he's quiet he's uh he he he's really smart really funny but um you don't realize it right
away because he doesn't say much. He knows
everything you're saying. There's no
language barrier that way. He
understands everything.
The best part is seeing him go after
Phil because they battle back
and forth. I'm sure you're
dying to get to that part, but
those two can really go at it.
It was pretty entertaining.
It seems like...
Brian Reeves just came there this year,
but it seems like him and Kessel have this.
Everyone goes at Phil, huh?
Yeah, you know what?
He's just, he can take it and he can give it.
I think me and him are the same.
I get made fun of for being bald like you wouldn't believe.
Oh, I would.
It's just constantly, right?
And Phil's headed that way, but he's not there yet. leave it's like uh oh i would just it's just constantly right and uh and still still headed
that way but he's not there yet but he's just everything uh everything about him guys like to
chirp and and that's what makes him such a great guy he takes it he dishes it back out um and he's
he's loved in the room you know he gets that that stigma around him in the media and it's crazy
because every guy you ask loves playing with him.
Now, this summer, was this the first time you were a completely unrestricted free agent after the Cup?
Yeah, this was it.
This was unrestricted, first time I'd ever been there.
So do you feel like the bell of the ball, all these teams kind of wiggling their tits at you,
offering to pay you some decent money?
Walk us through that process.
It must have been pretty cool to have however many teams it was
offering you decent money to play for.
How did you end up finally deciding on Nashville?
You know what?
I would agree with you.
I came into that week with the same mindset, like,
this is going to be amazing.
You know, 20 teams are going to call.
And obviously, at the end of the day i got a nice contract so i'm not complaining but it was it was the most
probably the most stressful week of uh of my life you're you're hoping to you know get that contract
that sets your family up and um sunday i think it's sunday the phone's open is that right Whit? Yeah. And you know you get
a few calls and
you're hoping you know for
obviously you're not allowed to talk about money but
you kind of know what teams are thinking
and as the week goes on it's pretty nuts
you get calls from a team and
you think they're in you think they're the front
runner and then you know the next day your
agent calls them and they
don't answer and you're like what what happened like what are they doing and um I I got an agent in
Boston Peter Fish I must have called him I'd love to see my phone bill that week because
uh I was a I was a wreck I wanted it to just wanted to know what was going on all the time and
um ended up being Nashville it was uh you know they were one of the teams i
called the first day and you know when you know you're not going back to pittsburgh which we kind
of knew midway through that week that um it wasn't going to work out uh they were the team that you
know from the get-go i'd i'd wanted to be i wanted to be playing for and so many good things about
the city you guys saw it in the playoffs but it's a great
great town for families we love it here and um you know when i did sign it on saturday it was a it was
a sigh of relief because uh it was a busy week are they are they throwing catfish on the ice still in
nashville or is that over i haven't seen it yet but um i'm not sure it might be just playoffs but um we went to a titans game and and they gave
us catfish we held up or the guys held up but yeah i don't know i don't really know where that
came from but i haven't seen any yet this year all right man well we really appreciate it so much
um i will say do you do you agree or disagree that it would be really hard for you to get a
global entry or nexus if you went for your interview while you had your full beard during the playoffs oh yeah it would have been impossible
but now i have an even creepier mustache so i'm not doing myself any favors oh man you're the
best i really appreciate you coming on and dude we hope you get healthy soon i know that's such
a pain in the ass but we look forward to seeing you out there whenever whenever it may be so we
appreciate it bud yeah thanks for having me.
All the boys love the show, so good job, guys.
Tom, what up?
Thanks so much for coming on, Nick, and get well soon.
We want to see you back on the ice, brother.
See you, bud.
Thank you again.
All right, guys.
Talk to you later.
And that interview with Nick Bonino was brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
If you're hiring, you know that quality hires keep your business moving forward,
but you also know it can take a lot of time to find the right candidate for the job and that's why you want zip recruiter with
zip recruiter you can post your job to over 100 of the web's leading job boards with just one click
so you can rest easy knowing your job is being seen by the right candidates then zip recruiter
puts its smart matching technology to work actively notifying qualified candidates about
your job within minutes of posting so you
receive the best possible matches. That's why ZipRecruiter is different. Unlike other hiring
sites, ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on the right candidates finding you. It finds them. You can
even get a head start in the process by adding screening questions to your job to help identify
the most qualified candidates, save everybody a little time, helps everybody out. Now, Wanda,
80 of employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through the site in just one day.
And the easy-to-use ZipRecruiter dashboard lets you manage your hiring process from start to finish all in one place.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Find out today why ZipRecruiter has been used by growing businesses of all sizes and industries to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results. And right now, our listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for
free. That's right, free. Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Again, that's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. One more time to try it free,
go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Once again, huge thanks to Nick Bonino.
Unfortunately, he's out right now,
but we want to get him back. Great guy.
Love having him on. Hey, that's the type of guy, when he's playing the second,
third line,
he's such a solid player that Pittsburgh had
a lot of success because of him, especially that first
year. So you want him back because
when he is back, it just gives Nashville some more depth and makes them even more dangerous.
Kind of one of those unheralded glue guys that, you know, before.
Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino, Bonino.
Where he was huge.
I mean, he was a guy when the Pittsburgh got him.
Yeah, he's going to add some depth or whatever.
And he ended up being a fucking monster for them in their first cup, you know.
Monster.
And then that story about the broken leg is unreal.
Yeah, no shit.
I would have been like, ah.
Yeah, I'll take the drugs in.
When can I take off?
When will I be healthy enough to golf?
Time for our weekly segment.
All right, Hamilton.
Boy Granelli, you've got some questions lined up.
Fire away, brother.
All right, boys.
This one is, it kind of involves both of you.
So what is the, Garrison asks,
what is the funniest article you've ever had written about you or you've written about someone else?
All right, Hamilton.
I've only had probably one article written about me, and that was college when they would do a page on a certain intramural athlete, and I got my page.
Because I was the editor of the paper before, so I think they felt obligated to do it.
Intramural athlete profile?
Yeah, intramural athlete.
What the fuck, dude?
Where else would I have an article written about me?
I didn't rob a bank.
I never got caught selling drugs.
Never got caught other things I did.
So, I mean, I was probably fortunate to grow up in Charleston,
I'm asked to not have any articles written about me.
What was the funniest one you wrote?
The funniest one I wrote, it's funny.
No one, this is going to suck story because it's really nothing on Barstool
because I actually really don't, I mean, I'll write funny lines but i don't stuff exactly i write and
i write obituaries so it's tough to really get work humor in there but when we were up north
adams at the i was the editor of the school paper it was called the beacon the north adams beacon
well when april fools rolled around we did an april fools edition it was called the bacon like
getting baked b-a-K-I-N.
And me and my co-editor,
my boy Ryan from the Cape,
dude,
I can't,
I'm not going to bore you
with the details,
but we wrote basically
a four-page joke newspaper
and it was my fucking magnum opus.
It was the funniest thing
I ever did.
Did it circulate around campus?
It was the funniest fucking thing
on campus that semester
because it was great.
It was almost like basketball.
You had this creative freedom because it was satire.
And basically, that gives you the license to write whatever the fuck you want.
Yeah, you can say whatever you want.
I didn't mean it.
No, it was satire.
And that's exactly what we did.
PFT.
We got to roast the whole fucking school.
It was spectacular.
What about you?
Never written anything funny.
I wrote a couple funny emails about like you know like bachelor party emails
like leading to it i think i gave a couple decent descriptions of the bachelor um no i remember the
article uh we we had a curfew at bu uh night before games like 10 o'clock or whatever and
the first patriots super bowl um was the night before the first round of my the beanpot my
freshman year beanpot for people who don't know, Harvard, Northeastern, BC, BU,
first two Mondays of February in Boston.
So naturally the Patriots win.
Now remember the Rams, it was a complete huge upset.
And we went out to Kenmore Square and we were ripping it up.
There was like fucking 500 people out there.
We're going nuts.
So then the next day we have a game.
We beat Northeastern and actually scored so
luckily because the tuesday daily free press the boston university daily free press front page is
me in the middle of kenmore square fist pumping at like midnight i'm like holy shit fuck but we
won and i never heard anything about it so that was like i just remember reading that being like
oh man why'd they have to put that picture there?
It didn't say even that it was like Ryan Whitney.
It was just like a picture of the whole crew.
And I'm just front and center.
A candid?
Yeah, exactly.
I one time wrote an article an hour before the trade deadline
that John Lester would not get traded.
And then John Lester got traded.
And it was very adamant, like,
you're an idiot if you think the Red Sox will trade.
Price is right one time.
An hour before.
Yeah.
Right, you see that, you're like, oh, shit.
Wait, I wasn't my right.
I had a different profession.
Next stop.
So InOne asks,
if you could pick any five former NHLers
to go out on the town with,
who would it be in what city?
Oh, Jesus.
I'm going...
Do we got to pick like a statin lineup?
I'm going Chicago.
I'm going Ryan Malone.
I'm going...
Oh, man.
There's so many choices.
Steve Eminger.
I know.
I'm going probably like this is a fucking we can make it up.
Borkhoff, Cleary.
Yeah, there's so many guys.
My number one draft pick.
Teddy Purcell.
My number one draft pick, Derek Sanderson.
Oh, yeah.
We're going Chicago.
I love it.
But we're going 70s New York.
We're going 70s New York.
I just thought of my friends.
Honestly, I'm just going to be like, Derek, you're my number one pick. Just go pick four other guys, and we're going to fucking do New York City. That's my I was hoping for. We're going 70s New York. I just thought of my friends. Honestly, I'm just going to be like, Derek, you're my number one pick.
Just go pick four other guys, and we're going to fucking do New York City.
That's my fucking answer.
No, who else?
Brett Hull seems like he would have been a blast to have a couple beers with.
I think Brett Hull's the type of guy who probably you had to have your fur up a little.
Probably his mouth is a little chirpy.
He might get you in a few scraps.
Yeah, but he'll be chirping you, too.
It'll be hilarious.
Or Keith Handel. I just think of great buddies I want to go you in a few scraps. Yeah, but he'll be like chirping you too. It'll be hilarious. I just think of great buddies
I want to go out in Chicago with now.
Derek Sanderson's a great one.
Any other legendary hockey guys?
Mess. I think Mess had some good times.
LB.
He still gets at it pretty good.
Next question.
All right. Taylor Andrew
asks, do hockey guys tend to cross other sports and gas beers with other athletes?
Example, MLB, NFL, NBA.
And do you guys essentially have any good stories?
All right, Hamilton.
I never really hung out with many other athletes.
I knew a couple guys who like played golf i mean
you meet people actually if you remember jeff reed you remember jeff reed was he was he was
the kicker for a couple years in all in pittsburgh and he would go he was like the man for a couple
years it was kind of a quick stay and and in and out of the league for jeff reed but he was the man
he would get so banged up at Penguins games.
He'd have a  if you got to Google him, he had a yellow-haired,
like blonde fucking mohawk or blowout,
and he would just be out every night ripping it up.
He'd be like, who's that guy?
He'd get in like fights at the Penguins games and shit.
It wasn't Pat McAfee.
Dude, it was like this guy was like  he sounded as crazy as Pat McAfee.
I just don't know if he has the ability to make people laugh as much as Pat McAfee does.
But I remember meeting him and hanging out with him.
We had a blast, but I think he just got a little out of control.
All right.
I obviously, you know, I'm not a pro.
I've never really drank with too many athletes.
Just a few NHL guys, but nothing was better than drinking.
Baseball guys are good dudes.
Yeah, nothing better than drinking with the, what do you call it, the Hanson brothers.
That was my favorite drink of the night.
And All Right Hamilton is brought to you by Warrior Hockey.
Now, Warrior Hockey treats us spit and chiclets guys pretty well.
And they recently sent us some of their new release sticks and gloves.
And let me just say, the things are unbelievable.
their new release sticks and gloves and let me just say that things are unbelievable first we got the covert qrl se which features a new white black and orange graphic made popular by players
like joe pavelski dustin bufflin and patrick eves along with blake wheeler the covert qrl se features
the same lightning quick release in technology as the Covert QRL stick Warrior released in 2016.
It's a limited release and is available from Senior 100 flex down to Tike 20 flex. Now,
the next stick is one of my personal favorites, the Alpha AK27 SL, which features an updated
version of the classic Warrior AK27 graphic that Alex Kovalev used while with the Montreal Canadiens circa 2007.
I know everyone's seen that skill video that he put out, shooting pucks from his knees,
one-handed backhanders, all using the Warrior AK-27, the best stick on the market. Jonathan
Truen of the Canadiens is actually currently using the stick as well. The Alpha AK-27 is
based on the current Alpha QX Pro Stock that features the
Warriors Quick Strike technology in true one phantom feel construction. It's a limited release
and is available from senior 100 flex down to junior 40 flex. Now, the Alpha QXSE Gloves.
These things are something special, man. Every kid on the team I coach has been asking me
for a pair of these since I showed up with these. And you know what? I told him to go buy them.
The Alpha QXSE glove features a special digital camo print in gray and black with a solid black
cuff roll. The things are absolutely gorgeous. The gloves are a special edition of Warriors' current Alpha QX4 gloves. The Alpha
QXSE gloves feature the
Alpha Hybrid Taper Fit.
They also feature premium
protection package with plastic
inserts and a black chlorino
pump. They are a limited release
and are available in junior
and senior sizes. Go get your
Warrior hockey gear. Support the pod. Support
the squad. A couple quick notes. Tuesday night was Warrior Hockey gear. Support the pod. Support the squad.
A couple quick notes.
Tuesday night was the debut of Nature Boy,
the Ric Flair 30 for 30.
Highest recommendation.
I know you guys haven't seen it yet.
It was fucking phenomenal.
Really got into, you know,
obviously his whole history,
his whole career. I wish they dug a little bit more deeper
into like hit the psychology
of why he didn't want to be a family man
and why he just wanted to be Ric Flair,
the wrestler all the time.
But it was really some unbelievable far footage they dug up.
Definitely recommend that.
Listen to our boy Wits on PMT.
He was on Wednesday's episode.
Be sure to check that out.
What do you got, Wits?
Anything?
We were talking about Adam Foote earlier and his nose,
and Tim Hunter just came on TV.
That's a snout.
That is a snout.
Imagine fighting that guy.
Look at that.
I'd break my hand on his nose.
Then he'd just pummel me to death.
That thing looks like a left turn signal. Holy
shit. No, yeah. Pardon my take.
Always enjoy when those guys
have me on. So that was fun.
What else we got? Oh, I'm going to be at
NHL Network Thursday.
Well, this release on Friday. But I'll be there all
next week. So check me out. Maybe
check me out. You know, chirp me
if you got any complaints about, you complaints about how I talk on TV.
Any new suits in the lineup?
No, I'm getting fitted for a bunch this trip.
Good, good.
Getting some new suits in the mix.
Dude, I need a new suit so fucking bad.
Do you?
You get a hookup?
Go to Milton's, dude.
Yeah?
No, honestly, I haven't bought a suit.
The next time I have one, it's going to be like a funeral.
Milton's makes nice stuff.
I would never go there, but they make nice stuff.
Milton's? Okay, all right. But they make real nice stuff. I would never go there, but they make nice stuff. Milton's?
Okay.
All right.
But they make real nice stuff.
I'm way overdue for a suit.
Yeah.
All right.
Maybe you'll need it.
Maybe we somehow go to the 2019 Winter Classic.
It's going to be hard, though.
All right.
Yeah, we're going to probably have to start saving our money now.
We'll do one of those father-son suit deals at Men's Warehouse.
Me and you will go.
We'll get a buy one, get one free deal.
It works. Yeah, it works. I was old enough to Me and you will go. We'll get a buy one, get one free deal. It works.
Yeah, it works.
I was old enough to drink when you were born.
Yeah, right.
I'm your 28-year-old father.
All right, well, that's going to wrap up episode 52.
Thanks again to Chief for coming on.
Thanks to Nicky Bonino for coming on.
Always a pleasure.
Yeah, get healthy, buddy.
Yeah, get healthy.
Get you back in the lineup.
And I think that's going to wrap up for the week, right?
Yeah, yeah.
There was so much stuff, but we'll get more into it next week. Yeah, we didn't get a lot in the lineup. And I think that's going to wrap up for the week. Yeah. Yeah. There was so much stuff, but we'll get more into it.
Yeah.
We didn't get a lot to the league.
I mean, we did have notes about the Blues and the Jets.
They're both good.
They've been doing excellent.
We did have a lot of notes here, but, you know, we had the trade talk, went to class,
kind of pushed things to the back page and, you know, whatever.
So shout out to the Blues and Jets.
Shout out to last Thursday I got to go to Corey Fest.
So a really good friend of mine died a few years back, Corey Griffin,
one of the most amazing people I've ever met.
He was just an unreal person that just thought of others.
And this year, the Corey Fest was at Royale in Boston.
Old Dominion came.
I didn't know much about them.
They're awesome.
If I could switch lives with the lead singer there for a couple days,
I would love
that. Man Rocket who can sing,
so you can imagine what he's doing.
It was just such a great time,
and I just wanted to mention to
people how special that was. I saw
a lot of people there that listened to
Spit and Shake Oats. A couple people
I was shocked to listen.
Piercy, thank you so much,
but it was nice to hear
from people that do like the show,
so I wanted to say that
thank you to everyone also,
and if you guys do have stuff
that you might want us to do
that we don't,
we'll always take
some recommendations of people
if they have some things
that they'd like to hear more of.
Where is it to find on Twitter?
My DMs are always open.
Oh, nice.
Chase ass on your own time.
All right.
Peace.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
