Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Well, here's your love.
They say a drunken speech is just so good. I like to poke a bear like a stir-fry.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch.
But then you come on in and take it up a notch You hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
What up, what up, folks?
Whit Dog here, and welcome to a very special episode with a very special guest.
This is episode 520 of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
And before I get to our special guest and my co-host, Paul Biznasty,
I got to talk to you about Pink Whitney
and this show being brought to you
by New Amsterdam Vodka, Pink Whitney,
and the Big Ol' Bottle.
And it ain't just about the Big Ol' Bottle now.
Now we got buckets of nips coming.
And not those type of nips, Biz.
Buckets of the shooters.
Just packed full, 20 of them, with a big ol' bucket. You know what it says in the bucket? Just nips, biz. Buckets of the shooters. Just packed full.
20 of them with a big old bucket.
You know what it says in the bucket?
Just add ice, baby.
Just add ice.
And all of a sudden, you got the chilled nips.
You got the chilled shooters.
And you're ripping them down thanks to New Amsterdam.
Look, she's showing it.
Look at those buckets.
Just grab one of those buckets at the liquor store and head to the party.
Hey, you need me to bring anything?
Yeah, just bring ice because I got buckets of Pink whitney so shout out new amsterdam shout out pink
whitney thank you so much for your support everyone who drinks it and please give it a shot if you
haven't tried biz we got hey the ando joining the show today keith keith how good has this guy got
that those pink whitney ad reads off the hop?
Holy shit.
I know.
We were literally on the beach in Nantucket a couple weeks ago, and he did that ad read before we started drinking a few.
Yeah, it was nice.
It was good practice for him.
That's what I do.
Before I crack open one, I just do an ad read to myself.
It's all about repetition, Biz.
You know the old 10,000 hours?
10,000 hours or something is how you master it.
Well, I got 10,000 Pink Whitney n,000 hours or something is how you master it.
Well, I got 10,000 Pink Whitney nips in close, so I'm ready to really rock and roll today.
Yeah. I'm interested. So you've been hanging out quite a bit with, with this summer, right?
Yeah. So I'm a few times, which is nice. Not, not as much as I'd like to see him, but, uh,
you guys are both on Nantucket and you're not seeing them a lot.
Yeah. But when I was there, there was a time Keith wasn't there. And then I wasn't even there that often. I wasn't there that much. One time I was there, Keith had all his family there, his wife's family. Then I had all my family, my wife's
family. So we had connection time, Biz. We had time together. But with kids and families, it's
hard to spend a lot of time together, Biz. It's not like you and your buddies going for hikes up
the mountains
talking about life every day.
We got responsibilities we can't just meditate through.
True.
But yeah, when he was on island and when we both had some downtime,
I was able to see him, which was nice.
And then we got a couple days at the golf tournament at the Fallon Cup,
the 85th.
And then sadly saw him at our friend, Billy Ryan and Mikey Ryan,
John Ryan, their dad passed away.
So I got to see him there too.
But yeah, obviously you like to see him every day,
but that's not how the cookie crumbles.
Now, has there been a difference
or have you seen a difference in this man's golf game
since he's had his third kid?
Had you played golf with him this summer?
Are you trying to bring me down right now, Buzz?
No, I'm just asking.
I'm asking what the differences are.
The guy's an athlete.
I mean, let's call a spade a spade, right?
He gets in the golf course.
He's in his own mind.
He forgets about the three kids.
He loves them to death.
But when he's on that golf course for 18 holes, it's Ryan and the ball.
And a couple of pink Whitney's.
So he's got Squanto who bullies him nonstop.
Have you ever been bullied by one of your children the way that Squanto bullies him?
Every day.
Who?
Every day they bully him.
Both of them.
Both of them?
Lowell is probably the worst.
Keith's telling me a story that usually I feel like the wives might bring the daughters to go makeup shopping.
And so Keith was in charge of bringing them to Sephora one day.
I mean, talk about getting bullied, dude.
He spent a two-week paycheck in there.
Yeah.
One of their friends was with them, too.
I'm like, yeah, whatever.
Fill the basket.
They're like little things.
I'm like, how much could this be?
They're like 1,200.
I'm like, yeah, whatever. Fill the basket. They're like little things. I'm like, how much could this be? They're like 1200 bucks. I'm like, all right.
Whoa.
You know, when you, you know, when you get to the register too, and you're too embarrassed
to bring stuff back.
So you just eat it.
You're like, all right, fine.
Yeah.
You don't want to seem like a peasant.
You can't be the guy that's like, oh, I can't afford this.
Like, like you with your Ed Hardy shirts back in the day.
So what, like, what else have you been doing with your off time this off season?
Keith, like, what have you, like, your off time this off season keith like what
have you like what do you do in nantucket are you getting bullied by fudge kid at the fudge shop
have you even seen this kid that wit talked about he might own like half the island by now that was
like eight years ago it feels like i stay clear of that kid i don't want i don't want i don't want
that smoke but uh no i try not to get bullied i go incognito um you know try not to get in any kerfuffles with
any uh little rich kids from nantucket but uh no we had we have our hockey camp in nantucket me and
my brother have a hockey camp so we did that for that's a week long so uh you know giving back to
the game brendan lemieux came out this year to uh you know show the kids a little something he had
shorts on which was a crazy thing on the ice on the ice had shorts on it well it's kind of like going into like the the cold
chamber keep the legs fresh right yeah what's the what's the term i'm looking for here it's not a
hyperbaric chamber that's for oxygen there's a cold you know but cryo biz cryo before like cold
tubs became a thing again yeah cryotherapy you go in there for like
two and a half minutes you freeze your dick off if you don't put something on your junk like it
might freeze your forsythia off or your toes or your toes i believe or your toes or your fingers
had you ever done that when you were training you never did cryo oh you did i i did it after i was
done playing hockey in florida i remember this was
before the cold tub craze and there was a place like there was like there's actually tons of
places that have probably been crushed by the cold tubs but i'd go in there yeah two and a
half minutes you feel great i would i would kind of say it's the exact same feeling leaving a cold
tub you just your inflammation's gone biz and you're talking about your inflammation non-stop
and this is probably something that you really could use so i actually met with the naturopath today and i got the results back from my blood test and my
testosterone's low and like low t low t low low t um yeah i mean that's pretty common as you get
older but i'm gonna get on some stuff in order to raise that level up. But one of the aspects of the low T is,
is the lack of recovery during the night.
And that has been adding to the inflammation where it's not really helping me
recover.
I'm not sleeping properly.
So I'm going to change a few things about my diet,
get some supplementation,
and hopefully I can avoid a lot of that,
that inflammation that I deal with constantly because i'm basically burning the
candle at both ends like i'm back into training i'm doing it twice a day i actually been on three
runs since we last talked i did uh i did a 6.2k this morning and ran a 440 445 kilometer pace
which is pretty fucking good why'd you look at the screen like that i thought you meant mile i was
like oh my god my l5s1 would blow out if i try to go
well please you sent you you sent us a picture of you finishing up i believe it was an eight
kilometer run maybe that was a that was a 9k that took me just under 45 minutes okay so i did it out
i think so no like i think it's uh it's 1.6 kilometers per mile.
So you want to rip off the quick math there, Keith?
Go ahead.
But we're going to stick with the kilometers because I'm in Vancouver.
I believe it averaged out to close to like an 8 minute 30 second mile because I kind of did a bunch of math after you sent that over.
So I was wondering, was there elevation involved in it?
Because I'm not chirping and it's very impressive, but 830 mile doesn't seem like that great to me i don't i don't i don't think that your math is
correct on on the okay i think i might have messed up the math i think you fucked up the math i would
probably say that it was like a six and a half minute mile oh which is which do the fuck let's do the math on air here i don't know
like you guys get on there's the show a six six and a half minute mile would be buzzing
so buzz and i mean that was one of the things i actually had in in um written down to talk to
you guys about big z doing that uh the what do you call it the iron man so 10 hours biz 10 hours straight i think
me and him me and him retired on the same day i haven't i've worked out i've gotten like maybe 35
sweats including sauna steam room this guy's doing yeah my basketball league but this guy is ripping ripping off iron mans in marathons like we go
out to dinners he's a fucking real estate agent too in his spare time like what is this guy not
doing he's gonna start fuck he's gonna be like warren buffett in the real estate world he's
fucking doing iron mans in his spare time the guy's a machine david goggins is done now he's
taken over he's done he's done he's done it all goes back to when
he played with a broken jaw and whatever
that cup final game was like he
is a legit sick person
in the best possible way
as Keith said
us going out to dinner
on Nantucket is him doing an Ironman
I believe he's going to the world championship
qualifying of
what was the last thing he did no of an iron man so now i think he's going to like a place where
you can qualify where if you finish in the best whatever let's say you're the top 20 or 25 at that
certain qualifier you go end up going off to like the worlds where you're competing against people
who are fucking doing these things like probably every couple months like you have to you have to tap into your your breathing and fitness and diet
and sleep to to a to such a level of where you're the top like 0.0001 percent of people on the
planet and this is after a 20 year NHL career it's not like the guy's been like right yeah oh man good he's healthy enough
to do it i know his joints and stuff no buddy it legit has everything to do with his diet and his
sleep and everything he's doing with his other spare time when he's not training and it kind of
goes back to what i was talking about i'm trying to tap into that side like to a minuscule amount
where i want to do an olympathlon. So I think that all these
things that I'm doing is going to help me and propel me at the right direction. Now, going back
to you, Jens, now that you're like retired and taking time off, you were like the fittest guy
at training camp every year. What were you doing with wit at the gym in order to show up and be the
best in shape guy? Were you dialed into your diet and and shit i don't think the diet was as big as it was back then i mean you ate i
think the biggest thing for me was you know kristen cooking and always getting home cooked
meals and not eating out as much as maybe you know a guy that was single in the summertime so yeah
weird but i had reggie cooking me meals. Yeah, true. Who's Reggie?
Reggie Roach.
Reggie Roach. He was Whit's turtle for like 10 years.
He'd cook chicken, chicken fingers, healthy chicken fingers on the grill.
He'd cut them up nice and thin, steak tips, rice.
I guess looking back, we had a bunch of carbs,
but I was getting home-cooked meals from Reggie.
Yeah.
I really was.
But I will say say so the whole
time when me and wit were playing we used to work out with this guy walter norton and he was we were
talking about it the other day on the beach he was insane our workouts were insane and we didn't
know any better or i didn't know any better so it's just like all right go and do get tortured
for an hour and a half by this guy but it was like an hour and 10 minutes away from my house so like driving it was just brutal and then after my year in new york uh hazy was like oh i work out
in foxborough with the guy the patriots guys and um you know brian mcdonough so i went there it was
20 minutes from my house so i went there and i remember being like oh my god no one's working
out as hard as we were like it was as we were. Like it was, is we were given her.
It was insane.
Is that the place where you were fucking around one day and you got kicked
out with,
we both got kicked out.
I think I used to know Keith wouldn't get kicked out.
He just wouldn't show up like one day that he probably was going to get
kicked out.
But then like one time he had us on these,
like it was like a board.
Remember that board?
It was like a board that would like,
it was like twist. Yeah. But it like a board that would like a balance board twist
yeah but it wasn't a balance board oh the reebok one where you can do like yeah okay yeah you twist
yes you could do fast hips and then like i like pulled my pants down to make the guys laugh so
like my ass was hanging out and then like walter came around the corner i was immediately kicked
out of the gym immediate that was like wicka kicked wicka kicked out for eating one of walter's uh
bars that he like you know like the chocolate protein bars walter like had it in the fridge
couldn't wait to have it for lunch he opened the fridge to have it with a chocolate all over his
face he's like where's my bar gone two days suspension two days sussy? Yeah, sussy.
I'm like, oh, shucks.
Fids used to do the same thing.
Like sometimes before games,
like if the room was a little tense,
he'd pull his pants down and he'd be doing crunches on the BOSU ball
when he walked in.
So you'd come in and his cock
would be staring you right in the face.
Just nothing like a cock out
to make the boys laugh.
Quickly, Grinelli has chimed in on the private chat.
Chat GPT says nine kilometers is 5.59 miles.
Biz did it in 44 minutes, 49 seconds.
That would be an eight minute mile.
Eight minutes per mile.
So your 630 was way off and my 830 wasn't that far away.
Okay.
Can we do the calculations on a 2830 6.2 kilometer run?
What would I be running per mile on that?
Okay.
There we go.
G, get back to chat, GBT.
I was pretty close saying that 9K is six miles.
Yeah.
You were fucking bang on there.
Jesus Christ.
Maybe my math's off.
None of us were really correct, but we were all kind of close besides Biz.
And Biz, I should have mentioned right away,
you hopped on and said, what is that jersey?
It looks like the 84 Canada
Cup. Gretzky to Lemieux or 88.
And boom,
that is the new big deal selects
the jersey. Keith said the
worst team ever assembled. But
you guys look great. I don't know if you're going to
play great, but that's a hell of a jersey.
And Grinnelli has the
other one, the away
jersey, I believe.
This is the tournament
jersey.
This is just for the
participants.
This isn't Biz.
Biz got the special one.
Yeah, we got the special
one.
Sponsored by Body Armor,
of course.
Shout out to one of our
key sponsors.
We're going to be
drinking a lot of that
at Chicklets Cup.
I figured we need to go
in a different direction.
We're going back to
Canada for the first time for Chicklets Cup. why not pay homage to the greatest country in hockey in the
history of the world the big men's league sweaters men's league sweaters they do an incredible job
they've been doing our jersey since the start so i don't know if you guys are watching on our
youtube channel by the way 351 000 subscribers wit not a big deal so check that thing out and that'll be handed out to our
new squad now you say that we've been shit in the past but we have four new guys on our roster keith
uh everybody's taking it very seriously i've been getting weekly updates um about con man's health
and where he's at as far as his fitness i don't think he's running a six and a
half minute mile but i would imagine he's up in my range around neither am i so con man we're
gonna push forward here and we're gonna figure things out and we're gonna get in the best shape
possible to shut that fucker keith yandel up i don't think being in shape has anything to do
with you guys winning unless you got nose face killer and the rest of his team you guys are done
all right well maybe you could put some money on that we'll think my question is that you brought
in four new guys and they've brought in new guys like like pender like there's some legit players
you've brought in keith these guys get so fucked up every night so like the four new guys it it
may be like four superstars in men's league and ball hockey,
but if they're crippled every night, it's going to be the same old song and dance from
all the other chicklets cups.
So I just wonder what happens.
I'm very interested to find out, but at least you'll look fresh no matter what goes down
this year.
We got a special hotel, the Holiday Inn, and it's basically turned into a baza.
So nobody can leave
when they're not playing and they go right to the hotel they eat after the game and then it's right
to sleep no cell phone no television we're there for fucking business so just food poisoning just
food point biz uh back to your low t a little surprised to hear that considering you are the horniest human alive does that not
relate to testosterone so my natural path is a female and i i was going to ask that but i don't
have that type of like relationship or connection i didn't want to like drop the like hey well then
why do i need to tug three off a day you know like that would be extremely uncomfortable especially
when i'm trying to get advice as to how to fix my low T she did mention, like based on my past and playing hockey that, um,
low testosterone can be affiliated to a lot of concussions. And I said, yeah, yeah, yeah. So
like over time and especially as your life progresses, like those concussions can have
effect in, in, in, in that, um, I guess in that category. So that was interesting to learn.
So learning a lot, like obviously I'm going there and she's dropping big words and I'm trying to
ingest everything that she's telling me. I wish I had the types of like chemicals and supplements
that I need to put in my body to tell people who might be suffering from the same thing.
My advice to anybody listening would just be go see a naturopath, get your blood drawn. It'll
tell you what you're deficient in and they can help you out from there. And it can help in a lot of areas,
including one of the most important ones, sleep and what's happening to your body while you're
sleeping. Like you might be sleeping, but you're not fully recovering to what your body needs,
especially if you're a person who does like to train. And she goes like, based on the way that
your, your numbers look, you're burning the candle at
both ends because you're not recovering as as optimally as you should optimally that might be
the smartest thing i've ever said well it's probably wrong i think that was correct it did
it sounded good it's a good dismount too um enough uh enough of my testosterone here um anything else
that has caught your eye throughout the time off?
Uh, Yans, like, I mean, the Olympics were on, what were you most impressed by any hockey news?
That's really sticking out to you. What are you doing this upcoming season? And, and, and are you
going to be involved in the hockey world in any way? Yeah. Uh, obviously trying to stay involved,
do whatever I can, uh, you know, stay involved in the game that, you know, gave me so much, but, um, yeah, nothing so far that I know of, uh, that that's set in stone. Um, Olympics
were great. Love watching the Olympics, especially the summer winter is great too, but I love the
summer Olympics. Um, just the athletes, like the, the sprinters, I love the sprinting and the
gymnastics. I love to simone biles is a
freak and just like amazing that we got to see her in her prime and you know her doing it at what
she 26 years old or something like that i think that was her for her fourth olympics which for
gymnasts is just insane now so i i wasn't really that dialed in to the drama that was going on with
women's gymnastics but my understanding was that whereas there was a former teammate,
us Olympic teammate of the girls team.
And she was kind of like ripping on the other girls.
So like Simone was like sending these like coded messages and Instagram posts
firing back at her.
Were you involved or did you see any of that shit?
No,
I didn't see much of that.
No,
I tried to stay
away i i know i i i was not involved with the the the deep inside uh beefs within the women's
united states gymnastics team uh this year i missed i missed that one i must have just kind
of had my head in the sand a little bit um don't tell me that you're not invested in that you
fucking watch 16 and pregnant you're watching
like what what fucking shows are you watching now love island oh yeah you love all the bullshit so
don't tell me you're not a tv watcher in the world love is blind everything yeah what's the
trashiest show you're watching right now probably love island that's that's some serious trash um
but my favorite show right now is probably Below Deck.
It's not that trashy.
It's just great, great TV watching.
Below Deck, solid.
I've always actually wanted to maybe do that where you rent a yacht.
The prices are insane, though.
And I don't know about being on a boat that long,
but it does look like you could have a time if you're with like five couples
you were close with just ripping it up on a sick yacht i mean did you see that super yacht that that sunk i believe it was like
the british bill gates i think like no no no so here so so here no so here's the story so
uh i don't were charged with homicide i believe in that yeah so i want to say that they sold like
hewlett packard or some, whatever, some AI company
that two of the main guys who were aware of some shady shit that was going down in order to bump
their valuation so high. So the company was sold for about 13 billion. And then once they took
over the company and the people who bought it started slowly discovering that they got fleeced.
Well, the two main guys who knew slowly discovering that they got fleeced well
the two main guys who knew that they were doing the fleecing fucked with the wrong guys so the
first guy ends up dead and then a week later this guy's on a super yacht like a mile off the coast
and then like some quote-unquote natural disaster that if you have a boat that size or anyone in
that area would have known about that size or anyone in that area would have
known about that would have been coming that way a day in advance it all of a sudden just sunk their
boat there wasn't then when i say a boat i think it was a 300 foot yacht just boom out of the middle
no debris no nothing and then obviously the guy and i think his daughter were were missing and i
you said since there's like a there
there's been like a homicide these guys got that i might be making that up well buddies i'll tell
you what that boat didn't sink those people were off for ripping off the wrong people and we were
i saw like my buddy was filling me in on all this stuff and then we saw the the like the cbc news
thing and they're they're interviewing a
guy after he's like oh yeah i i saw the natural desire i saw it take out the boat it was crazy
you could tell the guy was just lying his dick off so this was like a hit that was out on these
guys for ripping off probably some some very very uh uh wealthy and influential people that know who
they can call when they want somebody murked so i I'm on CBS News. Prosecutors in Italy said Saturday they've opened an investigation into
shipwreck and manslaughter after a superyacht capsized during a storm off the coast of Sicily,
killing seven people on board. Horrible, horrible story.
Okay, so we're only in the initial phase of the investigation. We can't exclude any sort
of development at present. The main question investigators are focusing on is how a sailing vessel deemed unsinkable so was the titanic by
its manufacturer italian shipyard perini navi sank while a nearby sailboat remained largely unscathed
so biz yeah i mean maybe some conspiracy theory here but i don't even know how we got on this
how did i just bring up the super yacht no no idea
below yeah below oh fuck we really were off the rails um another thing too is uh i met a girl
recently who worked on this like crazy yacht and it was for like this like russian or ukrainian
billionaire that is like in hiding that like can't come off the yacht these guys just have to live on
these crazy boats because they've done so much evil diabolical shit where these guys are like billionaire these are the
type of guy so they have to sign like non-disclosure agreements and these dudes just live on these
ships non-stop because they can't obviously if you're in the middle of the sea you got your yacht
and that's it and rarely do they even come close to shore so how do they get food well they obviously
ship it in for them yeah
they bring it out on the boat they they bring it out on a boat or helicopter or whatever they need
to it's could be worse places to live yeah but that girl really cared about the nda telling
business i know well it's not like i'm gonna say her name on here i mean yeah and she's
she's gonna end up like you're she's gonna end up like That story on CBC
Yeah I saw the whole thing crazy storm
What else did I ask you about
What about hockey news Yance
What did you make of
Steiner
And diabolical
Armstrong
Honestly
The more I've been thinking about it
I don't understand why more teams don't do it
especially and no offense to st louis i know guys love playing there and love living there but
you know nowadays if you're not you know a team that like biz says doesn't have state income taxes
you know like these teams that are tougher places to land the big big UFAs and that guys want to go play there.
I think you've got to take advantage of that.
And, you know, I applaud those guys for doing it.
They're making their team better.
If you're a GM in this league and you're not doing things to make your team better and you're not able to get the free agents that you want or re-sign guys or guys are leaving, you've got to do things like that.
And, you know, it's there for a reason.
I'm surprised that more teams don't do it. I thought it was a smart move by him. Is it a
slap in the face to the Oilers? Are they going to get their payback at some point? Probably.
But, you know, it's one of those things where you're trying to make your team better. You're
trying to, you know, show your group of guys, your fan base that you're in it to win it. And,
you know, bringing in good players that, you know, went to the Stanley cup finals last year, lost game seven.
That's all that's doing is helping your team out. So I applaud those guys for doing it. Um,
you know, if I was a GM, I'd probably do it even, even though it's probably a little bit of a,
you know, one of those things that goes without saying you're not supposed to do, but I'm all for making your team better.
And if I'm on that team, if I'm on the St. Louis Blues,
I'm like, absolutely, let's do it.
Let's bring in whoever we can, however we can get guys to help us win.
Didn't Doug Armstrong say that he would have done it to his mother?
I didn't see that quote.
I didn't see that quote.
He goes, yeah, if this was the same situation,
I would have done this to my wife or to my mother.
This guy, I love it.
I love that.
Well, you know, it is thinking outside the box.
And I know I was saying I wish they kind of matched both.
But the more I've thought about it, it just really didn't make sense.
I actually, I'm going to miss both players watching the Oilers
because of how good they looked in the playoffs.
It was like
seeing these young future, hopefully big time players for your team making these enormous leaps
in the hardest games of the year. It's like, oh, wow, I can't wait for next year. See Holloway,
Broberg. The Broberg money, now you look back and I saw Stan Bowman's press conference. It was a
straight up business decision. Broberg won, you couldn't sniff.
You couldn't touch.
It was too much.
The Holloway won, it was a lower number.
That's probably one you thought about a little bit harder.
I guess in the end, it's too hard to do, right?
If you're going to overpay those young guys that much,
it totally goes against their entire philosophy of take a little bit less to stay here,
which we've seen all these cup winners do in the past 15 years since the cap came around,
specifically Pittsburgh. Those are the ones we always talk about, right?
But you've seen other teams do that, and they're going to need and hope that Leon and Connor
don't completely try to break the bank. Now, they're going to get plenty of money. They deserve as
much money as they realistically want. But to compete in the NHL, you need everyone just to
take a little bit less. So how does it look if you're paying guys who are unproven? Not unproven
because they did do a lot in the playoffs, but paying guys salaries that they didn't necessarily
deserve based on their career so far. So I think what's going to happen is it creates a lot of flexibility this season with the Oilers.
So now all of a sudden,
as they realize what they need throughout the year
going into the deadline,
they have the ability to add
while also not having to put Kane on LTIR.
Because if they did that,
and then he's healthy enough to come back,
that's a shit storm and a headache
you don't even want to deal with.
He doesn't have to go on that now.
They lose these two key players. But this Emerson, I think it's Emerson
from San Jose. Apparently this kid is very, very highly regarded and he can skate and he can play
D and like getting rid of CC, he could possibly replace him. I read something. I think it was
Elliot who said if he doesn't play 50 games this year, he's a UFA next year. But by the sounds of it, Edmonton really likes him and he probably will play over 50 games. So it was a tough day as an
Oilers fan to see two young guys leave. And if they go on to even lift their games to higher
levels, it'll hurt in the future. But this year, it's like, this is a cup or bust year. I know it
was the same last year for Edmonton, but they need flexibility to look in December, January, February.
All right, we're lacking this.
We need this.
We can bring guys in because we didn't overpay these two youngsters.
I know some people are going to be like,
oh, fucking Oilers talk, Oilers talk.
They're the only fucking team doing anything,
and they went to the finals.
We got some other news.
We got some other news.
And we'll get to it.
Now, you say about this get to it now you say
about this flexibility the reason you say that is when you sign somebody or you match an offer sheet
the oilers would be forced they can't trade them when the within the first year of that deal so if
the time came up at the end of the year where they could have maybe wanted to move off of holloway to
go get another piece they wouldn't have been able to do it so that's kind of the flexibility you're
talking about here right not only from a financial perspective but also the fact that
they are then locked in for that full year i also heard another uh read another thing this could be
complete bullshit but the amount of games that they played by the end of the season because these guys
got called up and they played over a certain amount meant that they were eligible to get
offer sheets where if they wouldn't have played those games, they wouldn't have played
enough to been able to be given offer sheets. Broberg specifically played the back-to-back
games at the end of the year that didn't matter. And I think if he hadn't played in both of those,
he wouldn't have been able to get offer sheeted. So that is such a, uh, like a, uh, you know,
as a GM nowadays, there's so many of these
finicky rules and remember like this is something that we read which might not be true i read it on
twitter so chances are it's like 10 chance it is true but if that's the case it's just like it's
one of those other things that a gm like you have to be 10 steps ahead or have people like letting
you know at all times it goes goes back to when Talon,
I think they fired somebody who was supposed to send out the offer sheets
to everybody by a certain time,
and that wasn't done,
so they ended up losing all those guys.
The qualifying offers.
So just these little details
that can end up fucking you over as an organization
if you haven't addressed them.
So I don't know what you thought.
Well, I remember my rookie year,
we played the Islanders at home in the 81st game.
And then we flew right to Toronto and we were playing Toronto last game of the season.
Both teams out of the playoffs.
And Sebastian Caron started the game.
If Fleury had somehow upped his save percentage by like, say, 0.4, something ridiculous,
he would have had this huge bonus.
It was over a million dollars.
And then Terrian put him into the game.
would have had this huge bonus.
It was over a million dollars.
And then Terian put him into the game and he ended up getting the bonus
by coming in for relief in the 82nd game of the year,
meaningless for both teams.
So imagine, I'm guessing Terian probably knew that.
I would think he might know that
and he was hooking him up.
Whereas if you're like the owner of the team,
then I guess it was kind of Lemieux, right?
I mean, who knows what actually happened,
but they're probably like, what the fuck fuck but you see sometimes in the nfl too where guys are like just throwing to a
guy who needs three more receptions last game of the year so there are things that that gms or
owners could be like make sure you don't do this or do do this that sometimes just fall through the
cracks yeah and have you ever seen somebody like get a bonus because they got the coach got the heads up have you ever seen something like that i feel like i have i'd have to think
about it but no i just wanted to go back to the the taking less money thing like do you guys think
it's i think it's more on you know the guys who are going to make you know 10 million the big boys
like because the difference between a million dollars and two million dollars for you know bottom six guy or uh you know five six defenseman that's huge like when you know if you
look at it if a guy's gonna make 12 million and he takes a 10 million dollar deal like obviously it's
a big difference right so i think that kind of goes on those the the big dogs a little more
like you said like sid did um bergeron guys like that who have kind of set the standard for that.
But I'm trying to think of the bonus things.
I remember back in the day they used to have like the games played.
Remember, you'd have the games played for your rookie entry level.
So, yeah, I remember the coaches kind of, you know, being like, hey, you weren't going to play tonight, but, you know know you got your 15 game bonus to you know here's 250 grand thank you which you don't even realize
at the time like you're like holy shit this comes in handy down the road i mean even some of the
nfl bonuses end up being like the number's not crazy because you're so used to these enormous
contracts and then you're like fuck you have three hundred thousand dollars like no matter who you are no matter who you are you're like that is
so nice that i just got that based on a quarterback throwing it to me or a coach putting me in
so i know this kind of uh went off off the rails from the oilers but yeah as an oilers fan it does
suck um i i think that holloway the one thing that's odd to me is, yes, I get taking more money,
but had he stayed with the Oilers, you get a chance with probably some injuries because
of their top six, dude.
Because of their top six, he's starting on the third or fourth line, but with some injuries,
all of a sudden he's playing with Leon and Connor.
And then the next deal, the numbers are that much higher as opposed to in St. Louis. Yeah, Robert Thomas and Cairo are great, but they're not going to give you 10 tappings like the guys in Edmonton would.
So that one's a little odd.
We talked about the PA and the agent probably being pissed.
But from this organizational standpoint and getting to play with those guys and the fact that they are going to be a top five team in the league again that's like non-negotiable like we know they're going to be
sick again they got an unbelievable team i think it's being short and short-sighted on both sides
like broberg i mean outside of ekholm like broberg might even be the pp1 guy there when i guess
bouchard excuse me bouchard would be number one but broberg, it's 4.58 for two. Like, that's a big bump, dude.
That's a lot of dough.
If he was going to get one-two, it's like, that's hard.
But if you're a fucking D-man playing 22 minutes and you put up 50 points,
4-5 is going to be a front.
But he ain't getting 50 points because Bouchard,
he could run the first power play in St. Louis.
Krug's out for the whole year.
That's fair.
He was never sniffing the first power play in Emmett.
So I get that one a little bit more.
Sure.
Okay.
So yeah, way more short-sighted for Holloway.
All right.
You bent me over in that argument.
No spit.
Ain't no spit.
No loose amp at the finish.
Anything else?
We'll see if those guys kind of turn into
what Oilers fans believe they could be.
I mean, they're on a lot worse team now,
but they're going to get a lot more minutes.
So I think that's one thing in two, three years,
you kind of see where those two guys are at
and you really judge the deal
and Stan Bowman's decision then a little bit more.
Before we go any further, guys,
I need to talk to you about DraftKings.
We had the appetizer last week
and now it's time to feast.
College football is back.
Don't miss any of the action.
Jump in right now at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's a full slate of games for week one,
including the big matchup in Atlanta between the preseason number one, my Georgia Bulldogs,
and number 16, Clemson. It's a monster game down in Atlanta to start the season,
and DraftKings is right there for you. It's super easy for the first timers to get started. We'll be right back. through the expanded playoffs. We got 12 teams this year. And for all the newbies getting into the college spirit,
here's something extra special.
New DraftKings customers
bet 5 to get 200
in bonus bets instantly.
Score big with the DraftKings
all college football
all season long.
Download the DraftKings
Sportsbook app now
and use code CHICKLETS.
That's code CHICKLETS
for new customers
to get 200 in bonus
bets when you bet just 5
only at DraftKings. The crown
is yours. for problem gambling, call 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 and over, age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co slash ftball.
I was very interested around other around the league,
hopping around the league.
And after our discussion last last week,
as Karov,
ask Karov,
I don't know how to say his name.
The goaltending super prospect from the Nashville Predators gets traded to the San Jose Sharks.
I believe that was a team I kind of mentioned just because it was a young up and coming team that didn't have like a number one goalie in their pipeline. Well, they got him.
They immediately signed him to two years times 2 million contract. I think kind of a risky move
and a little bit more risky for San Jose. Some people may say I'm crazy because he's played pro
hockey and he's played in the NHL. His numbers in the NHL, it was two games, were phenomenal this year. But San Jose, they traded to Nashville, David Edstrom.
So David Edstrom was the 32nd overall pick a couple of years ago by Vegas. San Jose received
him in the hurdle trade. What I've heard talking to a couple of different scouts and reading some
things online is not a future first line
center, maybe not even a second line center, but what he sounds like, and he's Swedish,
just like Patrick Bergland. You remember Patrick Bergland? This guy's about 6'3", 6'4". He's big,
he's strong, he's defensively responsible. It sounds exactly like Bergland was. I think Bergland
had one year around 50, 60 points. Other than that, 30 to 40, but could play PK, could kind of play up and down the lineup with injuries. So that's a guy where San Jose is looking at it like we have our future third line center. Now they have Celebrini and they have Will Smith. So it's like we have two stud centers. We're kind of all set there, but they're sending back him. They sent back the first round pick they got from Vegas also in the hurdle trade. It's top
10 protected, but
those are two pretty legit pieces
along with a goalie, Magnus
Corona. I guess that that makes sense
if you're trading a goalie, you got to get one back
for Milwaukee. And then San Jose
receives Yaroslav
Askarov, a 2025
third round pick and
forward Nolan Burke. I don't know anything about nolan
burke uh apologies for that so yes you're getting your goalie who you think is gonna be
you know sounds like he's from boston i don't know i thought he was from arlington i was thinking
of nolan boik yeah that's him there's a boy key uh it's also too like you're going to san jose like the ask rob um you know you put up good numbers
you look good in your games in nashville but you're going to a bottom of the barrel team you
don't have ryan mcdonough who's basically a goalie out there like it's going to be tough sledding for
a couple years and you know as if you're a san jose fan um you know you don't get down on this
guy early like there's going to be some tough times right but you're a San Jose fan, you don't get down on this guy early. There's going to be some tough times, right?
But you're building for the future there, bringing
in a stud goalie that you hope
in the next five years
can get them back to where they used to be.
Yeah, we'll see what he's made of when he's getting
55 shots a night and they're getting fucking
beat 7-1. Now, I
think a goalie prospect
young, I think he's 22, would
actually be thrilled.
Now, your numbers may be bad, but don't you think they'd want a ton of shots?
Now, yeah, over the course of 82 games, who knows how many he plays.
But you're looking at it like, okay, I know I don't have Nashville's defense in front of me.
I know I don't have a complete team in front of me, but I'm going to have rubber coming at me all day.
It's like biz with the low T.
me, but I'm going to have rubber coming at me all day. It's like biz with the low T.
And I think that if you look at that goalie and going to San Jose, he's like, all right, I'm not only in the NHL, but I'm going to have a huge workload. And so he's probably
super excited. I know Mike Greer is because they traded for him and they gave up a lot
for him. But Nashville, once you sign Saros to eight years, now you get this big centerman
that could be in the NHL in two years.
Who knows?
You get a first-round pick.
It's like, that's a great deal for Barry Trotz.
I love it.
Both sides.
I love it.
Both sides.
Yeah, that could work out for both.
Maybe he'll whip some shape
into the fucking D-man in San Jose, man.
He seems like he's got a few screws loose.
So, I mean, sometimes those Russian goalies,
I mean, how many times did Brzgalov call you out you oh yans for your awful defense holy shit every game i heard
i heard doug murray's coming back too oh is he oh nice good boots on him uh oh yeah brizzy
brizzy uh it might have been one of those bonus games there was like 10 seconds left in the game
we were down by a touchdown i wheeled the net tried to go end to end got like stripped
they went down got a shot on that didn't even score he chased me down the hallway
chased me down the hallway he's like you try to fuck with my goals against nick boynton had to
like legitimately jump i thought he was gonna kill him he was like don't talk to him so brizzy
ended up apologizing to me he was great i actually loved brizzy but he oh i thought he was awesome he was a silly bastard remember when he remember
when he told us he wasn't allowed to wear hair gel because his wife says he's too good looking
when he has it in we're like no you're not that's a and that's a lie um oh fuck remember he had that
he like he he like he loved like high-end fashion and he would spend
like ridiculous amounts of money on clothing and sometimes you were like what oh he remember when
he bought that leather jacket he bought that yeah he had that like the greasiest leather jacket
it looked like a peeping tom with it on and then he bought like a five thousand dollar cashmere
turtleneck blue sweater and it was like a triple xl yeah like he was such a quirky guy
oh my god we were playing in new york one game i get a phone call from our gm he's like hey do
you know any goalies in new york i'm like yup call brendan burn not a goalie but i wanted my
friend on the bench i'm like yeah i got a guy call brendan i'm like dude get some equipment
we might need you as a backup tonight remember brizzy just left the team we were in new york didn't tell anyone just got on a flight went
back to uh phoenix because his dog was sick no way dude yeah he had the sniffles yeah yeah and
then we had we had some kid from like he was like coaching like high school hockey i'll never forget
he had green pads on we showed up on the bus showed up into the locker room he was fully dressed
oh yeah ready already ready two hours before the game i'm like dude i'm like dude we got some time
here he's like i'm taking this all in you want to play play a little soccer take it take it in a
little bit more maybe get to know the guys no towel over the head a gear on i think he's playing
no i think he thought he was playing
yeah we tried to get him to take a penalty at the end of the game so he could get his name on the
statue but he wouldn't oh yeah you got to start yelling at the ref or something you know oh i've
told this one on the pod before remember how uh remember how donor used to play that catch game
with uh la barbara and we were in chicago no no on the ice oh my god do you remember the time when
he killed him when he killed him tell i'll let you tell the story you're a better storyteller than i
am so like smitty was taking his warm-ups and you know it's at the end with like the half moon right
yeah yeah yeah and uh barbs would sit off in the corner and donor would like rip a couple pucks
out of me to catch them, whatever.
Just keep them involved.
Donor ripped one without him looking.
He was looking right there.
Hit him right in the neck.
Clapper down.
Clapper down.
Everyone's like, what the fuck just happened?
Oh, dude.
Stretcher out everything during warmups.
We're like, oh my God.
I wrote this little Bob done.
Stretcher came out. Cause they they would they would always make eye
contact and like but they were on the same clock right like donor would go to his spot you know
how us hockey players are we're so superstitious and i guess donor had assumed that they'd made
eye contact and he just ripped a clap bomb got him right in the side of the neck and he dropped
and i was going to be a healthy scratch that night and there was a possibility that i was going to have to put barbs's gear on to be the backup goalie would have
been incredible oh fuck i was praying for it to happen but they i think they got they had like an
e-bug situation where somebody ended up coming down but oh fuck um speaking of stretchers i sent
this to me and keith's friend group chat yesterday this is my God. This is from super 70 sports on Twitter.
He says,
whenever an NHL player suffered a serious injury during the seventies,
you could rest assured medical personnel were always on site to provide the finest quality urgent care biz.
Look at,
look at other stretcher in this guy off.
Oh,
I've seen that before.
Face down.
They're holding his feet.
He's on his stomach.
Hey, but think of how hurt.
Think of how hurt you had to be in the 70s
to get a stretcher to come off.
Hey, he was probably losing blood,
and the guys were still chirping him after for not skating off.
I know.
Guys are like, pussy.
He's got his fucking ear cut off,
and they're still like, you need a stretcher.
And meanwhile, he's getting carried like a wheelbarrow.
No, I only used half of it.
stretcher and meanwhile he's getting carried like a wheelbarrow i only use half of it we got i guess the only way these people see the clip is if they watch the youtube but
where can they find that 70 sports super 70 sports it's actually a great it's a great twitter
follower it's got almost 800 000 followers he just shows like i guess his name's ricky cobb
he's got his own like podcast now but it's just old
pictures and like old highlights of of not even just sports it's funny i told a lot of like crazy
shit happening where they'd be like brawls and just i just feel like the amount of uh drinking
professional athletes were doing back in the day where they weren't being paid as much and it was
kind of like a little bit more of a joke that's where i think all these wacky and crazy stories would come from nowadays everybody's just so regimented and it's just like it's turning
to such a business that these guys aren't these guys aren't going out after games getting ripped
up where these bar fights or these wild stories can even happen anymore so that's the type some
of those stories that they're posting are just guys who are hung over and cranky and next thing
you know melee ensues guys would want to get if they were too hung over they'd be like all right i'm taking a 10 minute air and
getting thrown out of the game like bring me the stretchers where i can put my face on it
yeah it's hard to get in this bar on the road i'm gonna get a head start i'll get the cover
i'll get the cover paid so you guys can see all over i'll get the table at the back they brought
them right to the bar in that stretcher yeah yeah oh yeah i watched the i watched the third period from here boys you guys are fucking buzzing out there here's some cold ones
uh uh what other hockey news has been going on actually uh relating to barry trotz i guess this
is sort of a good segue um because this could affect barry trotz and the nashville predators
but the philadelphia flyers have announced that they threw Ryan Johansson on waivers,
I believe it is.
He cleared waivers after the Flyers announced that they're terminating his contract due
to a material breach.
He's 32 years old.
He's got one season remaining and with an 8 million salary.
Now, the thing that affects Nashville is that they're covering half of that.
So they got a 4 million cap it this year on him.
Philly has the other four.
Or maybe Colorado is in there too
because he was traded from Colorado.
But basically what they're saying is
he didn't miss a game, right, in Colorado.
And he didn't even miss a practice, I believe.
And then when he was traded over,
he immediately couldn't play in Philly
for either the Flyers or lehigh valley
now his agent kirk overhart has come out and said that this is a legitimate serious hockey injury
that he needs help with he needs surgery i don't know the exact surgery elliot freeman mentioned
on his column that i think there's some issue to do with a video that came out of him dancing at
a wedding maybe his wedding i don't know now it's kind of a
wild you're fucking with me that's what elliot wrote and i'm kind of like amazed at that part
of it because you could have a hockey injury that you need surgery on that could really affect you
being able to play the game and still easily be able to cut a rug at a wedding like yeah he went
full ray gun he went full ray gun and they're
trying to take his dough away who's i don't know what's gonna happen who the fuck is ray gun
the best dancer on the planet buddy you've been living under a rock the australian lady
ray gun guan guan or one guan how do you say that that's jamaican that say it? No, that's Jamaican. That's Jamaican. Oh. That's like Sean Paul.
Oh, do she, eh?
Do she, eh?
So, yeah, my understanding with it is, okay, so I didn't know about the video,
but since the end of the season when Johansson went and looked at it,
it was obviously a lot worse than he had originally thought.
So now he needs to miss some time.
From the outside looking
in it might not look great at the fact that when he got to philly didn't they try to send him right
down to the ahl right away and he was kind of like my new ball so it seems like a little bit
of fuckery going on on both sides and they're trying to basically say oh yeah you want to fuck
with us and go ray gun at the wedding and lie about your injury we're taking your money away
bitch and then now the pa's got to stand up and say hey you owners make enough
money give them some dough and uh and we can all move on here he has 60 days to file a grievance
um which i'm i'm sure he will but it it it is odd that like if philly there's was to call colorado
they're like well he was playing for us so I don't know what you want us to say.
Right.
Like that's where the other team can be like, we had no issues.
Yeah.
Maybe he's like, he's like, I was hurt.
Fucking Nate dog was made me put my gear on that psychopath.
I wasn't allowed to disclose any injuries there.
He wouldn't even let me lead a fucking Snickers.
Yeah.
That's what was going on.
If you're out on IR, it doesn't go against the cap and doesn't it doesn't
like the pa basically pay for that like the escrow money isn't that what pays the guy's salaries or
is it still coming out of the owner's pockets i think it's the owners i think i mean when i was
on injured in the injured list constantly i was still getting checks from the penguins and the
oilers and i don't know but but why it relates to Trotz is that if this contract is terminated,
that opens up 4 million more for the Predators this year,
who after all these signings and all these moves they've made,
the most exciting team in July 1st this year is the Predators.
They could have an extra 4 million.
I think Trotz was quoted saying he's treating it
as almost escrow and he's not even like thinking of it until the entire thing's resolved but if
you make all the deals nashville makes and then another four million pops up they're laughing at
that that goes down that fucking same guy who ended up on that boat's gonna end up at joe hansen
summer pad fucking oh four oh four million on the books this is convenient yeah the red dot
briz with the gel in his hair um well that'd be great for the predators i agree with you one of
the more exciting teams in free agency any other teams catch your eye and we haven't mentioned our
guests yet we figured it was a good correlation the fact that we got charlie coil coming on a boston boy you probably know him yans and of course you so we
got a lot of boston blood on this pod right now yeah it's great that's why it's that's why it's
buzzing right now yeah exactly um other nhl news and just going through this is pretty big trade
um i had a beef with a spit and chiclets post about this trade, but the Winnipeg Jets and the Pittsburgh Penguins pulled off what they call a prospect blockbuster, I guess.
Rutger McGrory, the 14th overall pick in 2022, who had played at Michigan the past two years and starred, who made it clear that he would not be going to Winnipeg. He was going back to
Michigan. I don't really know what happened there. Nobody does besides himself and the Winnipeg Jets.
But not often do you see two highly regarded prospects traded for one another before they've
ever played a game. I laughed at the chicklets.
Twitter said, who won the trade?
I was like, nobody's played a game in the NHL.
So I don't know how we're going to be grading winners right now.
But I think it makes sense.
Sound like considering that Pittsburgh needs some toughness biz.
We've talked about how soft they can be and how soft they can look.
I don't think Rucker McGroarty's a fighter by any means,
but he's a power forward, gets in on the four checks,
can score around the net.
I've been told not the greatest skater.
I think maybe not the quickest boots, but gets the job done.
Captain of the world junior team that won gold medal this past year.
And then Brayden Yegar apparently skates phenomenal. And all of a sudden he's a Western Canadian boy who gets traded
to the Jets. So I don't think that they're very similar prospects in how they play. One's a very
skilled, creative playmaker and McGrory's more go to the net power forward. But Pittsburgh makes a
good move in trying to just create a little bit of team toughness up front from a guy who can also score.
So I can't say who won the deal because I don't even know that much about either guy.
But it is uncommon to see two highly rated prospects, two first round picks, never play a game and get traded for each other.
Okay.
So was the guy who was traded to Pittsburgh, was he not like basically saying, I don't want to sign in Winnipeg?
Yes.
So these kids,
they have way more ball.
They might not be boozing
or sniffing counters like they used to,
but these kids have way bigger balls
in the way that they talk to management.
We got Askarov basically saying,
send me down to the Myers trots.
Fuck you.
I ain't coming.
I ain't going.
And I'll go back to Russia.
Now you got this first rounder.
Why would he not sign with the Winnipeg Jets?
What's wrong with Winnipeg?
They have a great team.
That's what I'm saying.
I don't know.
Maybe partly had something to do with them not wanting him to come out yet.
And he wanted to come out after his freshman year, Grinelli's saying right now.
And they said no.
So same with Gauthier, where they think that they should be signed
at a certain time burning a year off their contract and if that doesn't happen they say
fuck you see you later this is like is this not fucking a little is this a little crazy
so it's crazy it's crazy but it's working for them so it's like you can like chirp it and as
us three considered old school,
even though we're not that old,
but we're a little more old school than the current day game.
You can chirp it and be like,
dude,
they drafted you play for who drafted you.
But all these kids that are doing it,
it ends up working out for them.
So it's going to,
it's not going to change.
I wouldn't think you have,
you have case studies on how it works for some of these guys.
So what's the stop the next guy from being like,
I don't want to play for this team.
Or if this team doesn't let me turn pro after my freshman year,
I'm done with them.
Cause you put them in such a bind.
It's a first round pick.
They're like,
well,
if this kid's going to say he's going to wait it out in college or like
you could go to Europe,
you could just go sign in Europe and you all of a sudden it's four years
from your draft and your UFA,
these teams are fucked. So it's hard to imagine like moving forward if GMs are having
a kid come up to them and say I want to turn pro this year like well if we don't say yes this kid
may request to trade then we're fucked you know what's gonna happen next what at the draft these
kids are gonna walk up to the table after be like where's my contract my contract, bitch? That's what they're going to be doing.
You know how much I would love if that happened for our show?
We could just go nuts.
The one kid's like, oh, I'm the biggest steal in the draft.
No, next guys are going to be like,
I'm going to fucking put the ink to the paper now, bud.
Get me my signing bonuses, everything top line,
or I'm walking.
Like on the stage.
On the stage.
Grab the mic.
I mean, for Winnipeg too right like if he
stays two more years in college and then they lose him for nothing he goes and signs wherever he
wants like jimmy veezy did hazy gilroy like that college rule where you know if you stay four years
you can you can sign with whoever you want so i think it's a smart move by winnipeg knowing that
he didn't want to go there and then you get a good young player that wants to be there.
But we'll see now.
I mean, he hasn't signed yet.
I'm guessing he will, obviously.
But maybe he gets into camp and he's playing with Crosby.
And then this kid's like, I won.
Thank you.
I don't know, though, Biz.
That remains to be seen.
Well, he's got to make a decision, right?
If he's going back to school he
can't go to camp if he's still in school right no no so you can only go to the rookie camps yeah and
speaking of uh signing tickets early the seattle kraken announced a major contract extension to
maddie benears he won the rookie of the year i believe it's two years ago had a monster season
and i think he would admit a sophomore slump type year that is so common and not just the
NHL, but pro sports in general.
They got him to a seven year extension with a 7.14 million cap hit.
So you lock up what you think will be your future first line center.
Now, Biz, this is one of those contracts that you've been very critical of in terms of
why do you have to give them the monster long-term deal well i wouldn't i wouldn't i wouldn't say
this one is as monstrous it's a it's a it's a million less than the like typical eight times
8.5 or whatever that number is i think that they get that deal on him because of the off season he
did have and you know it goes
back to the sophomore slump i want to say he had 20 goals in his first year wit and when we had
jack michaels on he talked a lot about nugent hopkins when he first got to the edmonton oilers
and how he was getting lined up against all these beasts first line even second line centers of all
these great western conference teams like he was having a goal against kopitar most nights and then you got to go against the mcdavids or the dry sidles and
like the the you know the the sedins and the list goes on and on and on with who the guys that maddie
bernier has had to play against this year and yeah i think it ultimately affected his numbers
the team wasn't playing as well but this is a guy I love his motor. I love his 200 foot game. I feel like he's a committed, great team player. And I actually like this deal long term. I think you get that that extra little discount on him because of the regression that he had last year. And I think moving forward, this is perfect. People might say I'm a bit of a hypocrite, but buddy, the guy won rookie of the year. I think he proved a little bit more than some of you and these other guys who got eight,
eight and a half times eight.
So I like this one.
I think that this guy's got some dog in them.
And I know that he's extremely well liked by the whole team in Seattle and they got
a great group of guys.
So a good foundational piece with, and listen, you're said there.
Yeah.
Their expectation.
And I think that everybody in
the organization would hope that this guy becomes a first line center who's getting you know 35 and
35 every year and and plays a an unreal 200 foot game like a patrice bergeron but with this number
for the amount of time even if he's an unreal second line center this number still makes a
lot of sense so i think it's a great deal
for both sides and i hope he exceeds the expectations of it and then he'll get a nice
little payday at the end of that so a great deal for maddie and a great guy and he's also a boston
guy isn't he yep oh i'm in massachusetts but he um it's also too he was their first ever draft pick
right yeah pretty much the fate yeah face of the
franchise you know he's a guy there that you want him to be there forever right he's a first line
player i'm sure everyone in the city loves him i know everyone on his team loves him so that that's
one of those deals i think that you know for seattle you have to lock up those guys especially
your young guys that have came up with that team they're only what three years old now but it's yeah i think i think it's a no-brainer for uh
for both parties there and um you know maddie's one of those kids you know just from hearing in
you know around the boston area how hard he works in the summertime how you know dedicated he is to
his craft um you know not one of those guys who is out every thursday friday saturday like we
were back in the day with but um yeah it's it's definitely a you know it's a big number but you
know i think he deserves all of it i like the deal because of the skating like i have become so
obsessed with having to be an elite skater watching as much hockey as i do that like i i'm probably
blinded by some of it because like you look at Matthew
Kachuk,
like he's not a great skater and he dominates.
Okay.
But I'm like,
all right,
I am definitely afraid of giving long-term huge deals to guys who do not
skate like at an elite level.
And that's what he does.
And the biz,
the best thing you said was that his rookie of the year season with 24
goals.
Yes. This year he dropped back down to 15, but the team was so much worse.
Like their team was so good that year.
They ended up beating Colorado in the first round.
It was this awesome season and he had more around him.
And this year it took a step back.
So naturally he did.
And the matchups as you brought up.
So I love all that you said.
And I do like the deal because I think in like four seasons, this guy making 7.14 you're gonna be like that's a bargoon that's a bargoon the
guy can motor the guy has offensive skill and he's not making that much money you said the word like
that that to me at least the times and i've watched him i always like to refer to certain
guys especially with speed he's got a good motor where you might see those speed bursts going on offense but if the puck gets turned over he's fucking going right back the other way it's
kind of like marion hosa like his motor was like never ending where he was just full octane the
entire time so that skating is definitely a big component and happy for the guy well that's kind
of what's really happening i guess last thing before we send it over to Charlie Coyle is Cole Sillinger signed a two-year extension with the Columbus Blue Jackets, 2.25 a year, I believe it is.
So I think most well-known for dating Tate McRae at one point.
Yeah, that was a big fumble.
Oh, my God.
That's a big fumble.
I saw she sold out MSG.
She's a complete rocket launcher.
This kid's a handsome fellow, too, though.
Makes sense.
He's a star. I went on his's a handsome fellow, too, though. Makes sense. He's a star.
I went on his Instagram.
I was like, Jesus Christ.
This kid's jacked tan and handsome.
Exact opposite of me.
But I think a player who could maybe take a next step this season.
He's got skill.
Maybe a guy who Columbus shouldn't have had in the NHL as an 18-year-old.
I don't know if that was necessarily the play then,
but a very young player, a lot in front of him,
and a nice little two-year deal to see,
all right, buddy, rip it up these next two,
and maybe you get a little bit of a monster long-term contract.
So I think now we are going to send it over to Charlie Coyle.
This was recorded a while back before even the playoffs,
but an awesome guy.
One of the hardest working people I've ever met.
Talked to every local pro around the Boston area
or a Boston Bruin player.
Beloved by his teammates.
Was at BU for a minute.
We go into that.
Went to the Quebec Junior League.
He spent time with the Wild.
There's a lot of cool stories,
and we appreciate him coming on,
so we'll go to Charlie Coyle right now.
Before we continue, I am here to talk to you about Peter Millar, the best golf gear in the world.
The shirts, that's all I wear. The shorts, incredible. And we need to chat about their new Vantage Light sneakers. They're incredible. The Vantage features beautiful full grain leather crafted in Brazil by true artisans.
For those of you who may be familiar with Peter Millar's Vantage lineup of sneakers already,
this season's version has taken the same luxurious look and feel and reduced the weight by 40.
That's a lot.
If I could reduce my weight by 40, I'd be loving life.
Making for an even more comfortable wearing
experience. They look good, they feel good, and they're light. And if you're looking for clean,
classic styles made from luxurious leathers, be sure to check out Peter Millar's Vantage
Light Sneaker. So they got the sneakers, they got the quarter zips, they got the golf shirts,
they got the golf pants and shorts. They have everything you'd ever need to look and feel good
while you're playing golf.
Peter Millar is where it's at.
And the new Vantage Light sneakers are absolutely phenomenal.
So head on over to PeterMillar.com to shop their entire collection.
We had an amazing gift for this year's member guest at the golf club I play at, the Fallon Cup, 85th annual.
We had 250, and you just go to Peter Millar's website,
and you got to pick whatever you wanted.
So an amazing move by the club to do that.
Peter Millar is the best in the business.
Once again, head on over to PeterMillar.com slash Chicklets
and check out the new Vantage Light sneakers.
All right, it's time for a guest, though. I'm very happy to welcome this local lad to the show
the senate from weymouth mass was taken 28th overall by san jose and he started his career
at the wild after trade after seven seasons in mini he was traded to his hometown bruins where
he's currently enjoying his best ever offensive season it's great to finally welcome to the
spitting chickens podcast jolly coil how's it going pal hey guys thanks for having me on it's great to finally welcome to the spit and chickens podcast jolly coil how's it going pal
hey guys thanks for having me on it's going pretty good i've uh i've been listening to you guys quite
a bit lately actually so i love what you guys are doing and uh i'm glad uh you guys had me on so
thank you oh what a nice guy we get we even get an intro right back at us
i think he's only being this nice.
Cause we call him a handsome bastard all the time on the podcast.
I think we,
yeah.
Oh,
well learned buddy.
And I think G was saying that you live in the same building as,
as his,
one of his buddies.
And he said,
you're one of the nicest guy he runs into all the time.
So you're just a class act buddy.
And we're,
we're super grateful that especially just this,
during this time of the year that you're able to join us.
I got them all fooled but i appreciate that oh man so they have like i said your best offensive season ever is anything you attribute that to like one specific thing a few
different things or what i don't think it's one thing it's a i think there's a lot of things that
kind of go into it um i know the main one is Bergeron, Krejci, those guys leave, there's an
opportunity there. And then there's motivation there to try to come in and build on what I've
been building my whole career. I've kind of been that third line guy and a guy who's been used
around different lines when I was in Minnesota, playing every position. And I take a lot of pride in that.
I love being versatile.
But there's a time when you're like, all right, I want to step up my game.
I want to be in one position and see what I can do.
And so I've gotten that chance here this year.
And we've, I mean, it's not just me.
I'm playing with some pretty good line mates and guys who can score and feed you the puck. You know, you get open, all of a sudden the puck's on your stick. And that certainly helps too, playing with some pretty good players. And so I'm fortunate to be in the position I'm in, but I've been waiting for this for a long time. And I'm just trying to make the most of the opportunity that I've been given. When camp started, did Monty maybe sit you down? And it wasn't just you with higher expectations.
It was the team looking to kind of prove people wrong and say,
like, hey, it doesn't matter.
These two guys are gone, but we can still have a great team.
Did he talk to you about how much bigger your role would be this season?
Yeah, he did.
He did.
And I'm sure he talked to a few different guys.
And Monty's pretty vocal like that, communicating.
That's one of his strong suits.
And we had a chat before the year started, I think before. That's one of his strong suits.
We had a chat before the year started, I think before camp,
and kind of sat down together.
He told me his expectations. I told him mine, and they were kind of on par
of what each other expected out of myself.
I was happy to hear that.
Those are the tough conversations you like to have,
but just to know where you stand and what your coach thinks of you. And, um, you know, you always have your own mindset of where,
where you want to be, what you can do. Um, but to have it on the same level as your coach heading
into the season that got me fired up even more, but I just said, Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm ready for
this opportunity, but looking forward to this. Um, everyone wants to play, play more, right?
You want to up your minutes. You want to play power play, PK.
You want to be a well-rounded player.
You want to be a Patrice Bergeron.
That's how I've always tried to play
ever since I was little,
watching him,
even watching him when I was on Minnesota
and then getting to play with him,
learn from him.
Like, that's your hockey player right there.
And that's what I've always tried to be.
And not saying I can play like Patrice Bergeron, don't get me wrong, but you can take a lot from
his game, all around game. And that's what I want to do. I want to play in my, you know,
all situations and be a go-to guy. So there's added responsibility. And that's something I've been looking forward to. So I was glad to know that Monty's expectations of me
were right there with mine.
You already had that foundation
from like a defensive centerman standpoint.
So you talk about Bergeron, like you had that,
but now obviously the expectation to not only do that,
do that against top lines every night,
but then also contribute offensively. How much
from a mental side did it take
preparing from that meeting and then all
season long to kind of get adjusted to
that? You had put up pretty good numbers
in Minnesota at one point. You had some
pretty good seasons, but not
like this year and then not in that role
going against those matchups night in, night
out. Yeah, the mental part of it is
huge and you learn that more. I think I'm in my 11th or 12th year of the league and it's like you're
still learning you know it's uh and i think that's a good thing but mentally you try to get yourself
right up there and and try to bring it every night and especially when you're getting out of
responsibility um that's something i've i've been trying to work on and um the game's so physical
but i think even more is mental and you start to learn that. Um, so I've just tried to do what I,
what I can do in that aspect. And, um, like I said, we've, we've had so many,
so many guys step up this year. I go down the list of, of everyone who stepped up and
kind of helped out. So it's not just, just one guy, but I think I've always kind of been that defensive mind
because I've been kind of that third line.
And your job out there is to not get scored on,
but be a force, bring energy.
So yeah, I already had that kind of going.
It's stuff you still want to work on.
But bringing that offensive game too,
that's a whole another level you want to get to
so you try to play the level of you know and i hate to use the word risky but solid defensively
but you you go when you can right and but being that centerman like you got to be that that valve
right so you can't cheat on the puck but but a little more, I don't know,
what's a better word than risk? I guess your anticipation, right?
Because maybe before as that third line center, you're like,
no, no, no, I'm always going to be on the defensive side of the puck
and always make sure it's 100 out of the zone
where you might have to take that few steps anticipating
that it's going to get there where maybe it gets picked off
and you're not on the defensive side of the puck.
So that kind of took maybe the getting used to. Yeah, I think you're not on the defensive side of the puck. So that kind of took the, maybe the getting used to.
Yeah, I think you're right.
That's, that's a, that's a good point there.
Yeah.
The anticipation and just a lot of times you just fall back and you're like, all right,
they're going to get it out.
They're going to go just in case something happens.
I'm here, but it's like, no, go, you know, and, and trust it and go play.
So that's a little getting used to there. And,
and cause you don't want to, you want to bring your defensive game with you and pick that up
as well. But, um, you know, Bergeron playing with those, you know, Marshy and pasta all those years,
like he's been that valve and they just know how to click together. Bergeron knows how to be that
guy, but also go when he can and, and make plays and score big goals. Do you think it makes a big difference in your
role now where maybe before it's like, I can't turn a puck over at the blue line because then
I know I'm going to hear about that where a top line guy, the coach has to be willing for a guy
to make a mistake when he's trying to make a special play. So mentally, you must be able to
figure out and think, if I turn one over, it's not the end
of the world as it would have been if I was centering the third or fourth line.
Yeah, there's definitely a balance there. And I think, I guess the more responsibility you have
and you're in the top six role, yeah, you got to produce. So you got to try to make plays and
I guess have a little longer
leash you hope anyways um if mod is not yelling at you i'll be pasta or marshy but those guys have
been unbelievable and and uh and they get it too right and it's it's always a work in progress
you're always figuring things out how to play with certain guys when to dump it in or make that extra
move to make that play to those guys you know and so i'm still figuring that stuff out
but i always say work in progress and and uh but it's the balance of it and i think that's that's
the main thing do you just have to mentally go back to your south shore kings days is that what
you got to do i read but coming on isn't that where you played with where you went i think he
was you were in the ejhl with him right yeah i don't know it was like it was like old like what was
your metro team growing up so we were the i was the boston junior terriers and the bay state sharks
now the bay state breakers okay so he he was he was a different so short kings it was a little
older group is i was i was ready but if it's the Kings, I'm good. I'm good. All right. There you go. I always heard, though, before we met, and your reputation around the league, and especially
with guys locally, is your work ethic is out of control.
Your off-ice habits in the gym.
Who instilled that in you?
Was that something you kind of took on on your own, or was it your dad or somebody growing
up that kind of taught you?
The way you go about things is very similar similar to like crosby and mckinnon and i was in the gym with you for
one summer it's very impressive to see you dial it in and train that hard i didn't have that till
i got to eps and started working out with you win and saw you oh yeah you saw me dude you saw me on
my treadmill walks you're moving pretty quick though for a um no i i don't know maybe it's kind of instilled in you i
think my parents play a big role in that they were hard workers providing for our family you know
that whole thing and yeah uh they did it every day and you saw that work ethic and you know you
start hockey and i always loved it from the start start. My dad would coach me in youth hockey all the way up.
He was a little harder on me, but very fair.
Never really like push, push me.
Never over the top.
I think I always wanted to get better.
I'd always be like, hey, what do I got to do?
Should I go shoot more pucks?
Go do this?
Yeah, sure.
Go do that.
And he never really forced it, which was great.
And you realize just like looking back now and, and understanding what the
support system you've had. So I think it was my parents. I have two older sisters too. I'm the
baby in the family and they played sports. They were pretty good athletes and, and their day. And
my one sister, Jess, who you probably, you know, it she's, she's a trainer down at EPS in Foxborough
where I've worked out for 10, 10, 12 years now, even longer maybe.
She's always been an animal in the gym, my older sister too. It was just in the family,
I think. I think along the way, you meet new people and you see how hard it is to get to
each level of hockey and what it takes. I just always try to put my best foot forward and say,
if I want to make it, how many kids around the around the league around this massachusetts around the world are trying to be a professional hockey player?
You know, I got to put some time in so i've always tried to have that mindset and
It's I don't know. You always think of the tom brady mindset, too
Even then you're here like there's always someone coming for your job, right? So you can never be satisfied
Never be complacent
And i've always
just tried to remember that and just keep putting the work because one day it's going to be over
and you're going to wish you go back and into the grind and uh you'd say hey i wish i did that i
wish i i'd done this so i don't want to have any regrets as far as my work ethic and uh hopefully
it it pays off we've been yeah yeah we've been going heavy on the Frozen Four chatter.
Grinnelli's got us really into the university game. Now, being a local kid, did you feel
pressure that you had to go to BU? Why was BU the choice? No, not really. No pressure.
BU was always my top pick from when I was younger. My cousin, Tony Monti, played there.
I was younger. My cousin, Tony Monty played there. He was, he was number three there actually.
And so when I was younger, I played Boston junior Terriers. I was number three and kind of a funny story. I have my first email that I had was BU hockey zero three at Comcast.
So I had that when I was like 12 years old because I played for the Boston junior Terriers.
So I had that when I was like 12 years old because I played for the Boston Junior Terriers.
And then when I got older, BU was the first school to talk to me.
That was tops of my book.
So I pretty much committed right away.
And I remember going into Jack Parker's office and like, all right, well, here's what we're offering you or whatever.
And can we get your email just to send you some stuff?
And I'm like, yeah.
What's your email?
I'm there like, oh, we got this guy.
We got him.
We don't even need to do any other work.
No.
I gave it away right then and there.
Yeah, hide that duffel bag full of money.
I don't think we're going to need this one, guys.
I've always wanted to go there.
That was the top school in my mind since I was, I don't know, 10, 12 years old.
So I've always wanted to be there.
When you were there, actually, your sophomore year,
you ended up leaving for the Quebec League.
I didn't know the backstory behind that.
Maybe you just wanted to play a little more offensive style.
Can you kind of take us through that?
Because it worked out for you.
Yeah, that's the hardest decision I've ever had to make.
And I hate even  i'll talk about it i
hate even talking about you know like it just i'm sure parker took it well oh god beautifully
beautifully um he that was a toughie like you never want to leave your team during the year
and you feel like a uh a real asshole doing it and it's it sucked because that's i i take pride in my character and all that and it's like
it's it's not but anyways my i was drafted by san jose traded to minnesota the next year's draft
so i'm still in college at the time and uh and the gm chuck fletcher at the time kind of talked
to my agents and halfway through and said hey like you're gonna turn pro next year why don't
you go work on your offensive game play more games games, uh, you know, more of a NHL type schedule. And, um,
cause we're going to sign you next year. So it's like, I never thought about playing major junior,
never wanted to was always college. Um, but then it's like your future boss is kind of telling you
your path here. And if I don't do that and things don't work
out and then you know he's kind of like hey i told you what to do so that was a tough one and
um st john had talked to my agents and i just i'm like how do i convince my parents here if like
this is what i want to do like my parents you know my mom dad are all like hey school school school
right and something to fall back on which we've always been about and I just remember meeting with my agents my parents and
St. John the coaches there Gerard Gallant Mike Kelly and remember my mom just coming out of
nowhere and be like yeah I think this is a great move and you know and I'm like holy really yes
right then and there I was like I guess I'm going and uh so it but it was so hard and i i just you know you're leaving your friends
and your buddies and the team halfway through the year but i guess to my defense it was it was me
because i think like a week later after i left bu went to like number one in the nation i'm pretty
sure um and i was like well there it is right there the cancer hey but like uh so you ended
up going over did you find that it did what they expected it to do
from like elevating your offensive play and getting more reps?
Because I noticed that you didn't play many regular season games,
but you guys ended up going on a run in playoffs,
which as we all know, you go to the Frozen Four,
you get one game, you know, one game here, one game there,
where these are seven game series.
So did you find it had the impact on your career that you guys had hoped yeah i think it did i i mean it's they're two different leagues
and they're both great leagues don't get me wrong i can't talk crap about either one they're both
can probably get you to where you want to be it just everyone's got their own path right so i
don't know at school i think i had i was under a point per game at school you know saint john i was
over playoffs.
I think I was two points a game.
It's a different league.
The way we played was much more defensive at BU.
Our style of play up in Quebec, you're making more plays.
You're trying that extra pass.
I really got some confidence playing up there
and finding my offensive talent and a little more.
And,
um,
I think that it definitely helped.
And it's hard to say if I stayed at BU,
where would I be now?
Like,
you don't know.
Um,
but I know the path I took,
I'm happy.
I,
I stayed with some awesome billets up there.
Uh,
the course,
God and family.
And they were,
they took me in.
I was only there for like five months.
And these people are like my family
still. They come down for trips in Boston and visit and I'm sending a picture of my daughter
every day. So just that in itself to meet people like that and what they did for me and my family,
it was like, that says it all. And that solidifies the move in my head. That was the right play.
But Charlie, what was the biggest difference uh the two outside of the school aspect uh being in St. John uh it's yeah
it's it's I mean the no school thing was awesome I yeah I mean just to focus on hockey like I
when I was at yeah you gotta keep your studies up like everyone knows that and all that but I just
you know you're you're thinking one thing and you just, I want to get to that next level.
I want to do everything I can to play pro hockey.
And going up to St. John was just, it was that.
Like it was, I was focused on hockey and wasn't up studying late at night.
And I was just watching game film and getting ready for the game.
Right.
So like that, I was thriving.
I was right where I wanted to be, and I loved it.
Just being with the Billet family was pretty cool.
I had three younger siblings up there, and I was the youngest in my family.
So to have those little kids playing mini hockey every day, street hockey,
video games with them, it was awesome, and I loved every minute of it.
And you got to play
with uh huberdo and you said gerard galant was your coach there so you got to play with some
and be around some great hockey minds yeah and huberdo was the man up there they won the memorial
cup the year before um and then going up like you knew he was the man he was he was our best player
um so i got to play with him a bit that certainly helped the offensive game um he'll
put the puck in your stick from anywhere um but yeah and gerard glenn mike kelly they were i loved
them i think they were they were awesome coaches they are awesome coaches i've always said after
that i would love to play for him again um but they did a lot in a short period of time for me
and i'm just kind of learning from them.
And we had a great team, so it's, you know.
But they certainly tied it all together and let us go play hockey
and made it fun.
And then it was off to sign a contract and play pro.
And you didn't play in the A very long, and then it was off to Minnesota.
Did you start that next season in Houston?
Yeah, so next year was the lockout.
So we had a pretty good,
good group of young guys and we had me, Granlund, I think Zucker, Darcy Kemper, Jonas Brodine,
all these guys kind of coming up together. And it was, it was, it was looking back, it was a good,
you know, next step instead of going from AJ Junior right to pro, that next step, it's the AHL. And AHL was a good league then.
I remember Edmonton's farm team had everything.
Oh, my God.
Those three.
All Schultz and Everly had like 100 points.
Yeah, and we played them a lot there too.
So we got a good taste of those guys.
But I think I played just over 40 games.
And you're always hoping once that league came back and sort of get that call up and finally did but i think it was a good first step to be in the ahl and get a taste of the pro
game and what it's like and kind of that schedule um so i'm happy i got to do it because everyone
makes funnier right like everyone's always like you didn't play in the ahl you just got the road
right to the nhl but like no i played some games so i did my time yeah yeah yeah how was houston
as a city because people have mentioned
that as a possibility someday of expansion like you think nhl could could work there
it's hard for me to really say i was that's a no when i was a lot of chain restaurants i heard
yeah i i didn't venture out too much i was kind of a homebody then and uh i didn't go out a whole
lot so i didn't really do too much exploring i
mean the weather was great down there we had a pretty good fan base so i can't say anything bad
about it um but tough to tough to really say if it things could work and so i'm not the guy to ask
for that jolly when you left pu did you get any blowback from teammates or locals or whatever like
you know giving you for it yeah i mean teammates not really i'm sure in their heads
yeah nothing like too too crazy i mean it was kind of warranted i think um because it was just a
weird situation um but yeah it was it was it was kind of a tough time i mean right before i i
decided to leave let's see i made the decision on like a Tuesday, right?
And we were off, I think, for our Christmas break. And I called Jack Parker's office and they said,
hey, come in Thursday for a meeting and we'll talk then. I'm like, all right. So it was Tuesday.
Wednesday comes around, he calls in a surprise meeting. And at that time, I'm our second line
center and he calls everyone in. He goes, hey, someone just got kicked off the team as our first line center at the time.
And I'm like, oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
No way.
I'm already out the door, but no one knows that.
And so just that, too.
And I'm like, of course this happens.
And it was just a tough thing to go tell him the next day, like, hey, I'm out of here, too.
For anyone who doesn't know jack
parker is an intimidating old school legendary didn't he grab you by the cage and like swear at
you grab me by the cage one time this guy i mean this guy's a legend and going into i can't imagine
telling him that i was leaving like you must have been shaking in your boots, dude. I still shake telling a story.
I get the Pitstains going right now.
He's going to be watching this.
Yeah, but it was  so that made it even worse.
Yeah.
But like I said, they went to one nation, I think,
like a week after that, and then I think they kind of came
back to earth a little bit.
Well, yeah, they lost their two first center,
much like the Bees did.
But what happened with the guy who was the first line center?
Are you allowed to even say?
Did he get kicked off or like a bad  what happened?
We just had Vetrano on, and he said he got caught cheating on his SAT,
so he wasn't even allowed in school.
I don't think it was a school.
I think it was something that  it was kind of his last straw, and it was something outside of school. But, in school I don't think it was a school I think it was It was something that it was kind of
His last straw and it was something outside
Of school but yeah I don't know
Yeah he was a pretty good player
Not gonna drop his name
Did he make it to the show?
No
Well we kind of like to go in this
Timeline and then it was off to Minnesota
Where you had a heck of a career in itself
Before you got to Boston like who were Your influences there who were the guys who took you under your
wing and i'm sure you had a great experience there because as you could see the numbers just
kept progressing and you became more of a prevalent player in the national hockey league yeah i think
we it's it's tough coming into your young guy but like i said we kind of had that group come up
together which which helped and made you feel a little more comfortable.
But Mikko Koivu right off the bat, Zach Parise, those guys, Ryan Suter,
they were our three guns, right?
And just learning from them.
Mikko Koivu is a great two-way player, so kind of learning his game,
how he goes about things.
He's so professional in the way he is.
Just the little things.
I remember shaking his hand.
He always shakes your hand. Look, you're right in the eye. He's laser focused right into
you. Always kept that in my head whenever you meet someone. So little things like that,
just how to be professional, how to be a good person and a good teammate.
We had Matt Cullen, who I always say was one of my favorite teammates, just the nicest guy in the
world and was an older guy at at the time but had time for everyone
and just was so relaxed and easy to talk to um i'm gonna forget guys too but we had a pretty good
group there to and we're always kind of that middle tier but but always found a way to make
playoffs and be in the be in the running and and and try to make a uh make a run but it never worked
out fully.
But we always have to claw our way,
and I think there's something to be said for that and to take that with you and have that mindset.
How about the fan base there, though?
When wild games get buzzing, especially now,
Kaprizov and Boldy and you see Zuccarello,
it's just a crazy arena.
They're loud.
They love their team.
You must have really enjoyed playing
there for a first stop in the nhl you can't beat that right i i miss it so much i didn't know much
about minnesota going in they call it the state of hockey i never knew really why and then you
get there and like this is this is awesome so i feel pretty fortunate to play in a market like
that and of course here in boston now but and they're they're similar in different ways like they sell
out they sell out here in boston um but it's like the fans there it's it's funny like it'll be
quiet sometimes oh they're the nicest people in the world it's it's it's crazy they're too nice
but it's like they sit there and the game will get quiet sometimes when you're playing but it's
like they're just analyzing it like they're watching like they're into it right so like
they're just quiet playoff time comes they're loud it's awesome it's a they're just analyzing it. They're watching. They're into it, right? So they're just quiet. Playoff time comes.
They're loud.
It's awesome.
It's a great atmosphere.
Boston is just like everyone's drunk.
Everyone's got their beers on.
They're puking on people and stuff.
Yeah.
I took that personally.
Yeah.
Yeah, R.A.
He's the front runner right there.
But I love it.
There's nothing like it.
But Minnesota was so cool.
I mean, you guys know
the high school tournament there too is like i played the high school tournament here and at the
garden we sold out the whole lower bowl and it was unbelievable we thought that was like that was it
you go out there they get more fans in the wild do every game for every high school game there it's
insane and there's nothing like it so i i love being able to say that I played there and
I really do miss it. Probably a party who wishes that they had more success there because you
played there for so long and they do deserve more. They've been there too long and they
haven't had much success. Yeah, I know. A hundred percent. We were never able to kind of get over
that hump. We made playoffs every year. It was just second round maybe once or twice. I feel
like the Hawks, we always ran into the Hawks and they were hot.
They always, it was like they're the ones who always kind of gave it to us.
And then we'd see them, we'd see them win the Cups.
It was like, all right, we lost to the Cup champs, you know.
But yeah, we just weren't able to get over that hump.
But having that playoff experience, like that's something to be said.
You carry that with you.
But yeah, it's tough, man. Like it's, we're never, never fully to get there, you know, it's, but like, I'm, I'm glad the time I had, I loved it. I learned so much. And when you don't win it, you know, makes you want it that much more.
Were you, were you shocked when, uh, when you ended up getting getting traded was that something that was requested or were you blindsided by it no i i was always in trade rooms every every year it seemed like so i was always kind of like nervous and um and then
that year was probably like the best mentally i ever was like i think i'm all right whatever you
know whatever happens let your guard down of course Of course, that's when, that's when
it happens. But I remember we were supposed to, we were supposed to go on the road. I think we're
going to New York city and, um, I had an appointment somewhere before the flight.
So I get my stuff ready. I'm in my, you know, suit and tie, whatever, and flight apparel. And,
uh, I go to my appointment, I get out and I've been missed calling a text from the GM. So I'm
like, ah, well, here it is. And, uh, I called him back and he's like, Hey, we're, we're trading.
Yeah. I can't tell you where though, just because, you know, it's not final or whatever the,
whatever the deal was. And cause I just don't want you to go on the flight to New York when
they come back and all that. So I appreciate that, but where am I going? So I go back home,
my girlfriend's there. She was just about to move in in with me for
the first time and so you know she's crying all this where you going i don't know so i'm now i
become a fan i go on twitter i'm refreshing twitter i got the network on um i'm texting
buddies parents agents all that like was it deadline day no no it wasn't that crazy but
my mind is that crazy but in my mind it was that
crazy but no i think it was a week before a week or two so i'm just trying to get any and you see
you know everyone's starting to throw rumors out there and you see certain teams and then finally
like you see someone say boston i'm like oh my god but that was the one thing our gm told me he
when he called me he said i can't tell you where but you're gonna be okay with it and i'm
like all right so it's a playoff contender right like it's a team going for it and i don't want to
get my hopes up that it was boston but i was like crossing my fingers like let's go come on so it
eventually worked out i saw some rumors some reliable sources and finally got the call from uh
from uh paul fenton who was our gm for minnesota and they got the call from sweeney
and so i was so pumped up and then i think the bruins are playing that night in vegas
and uh bergeron and chara called me and that was that was so cool because i kind of gross i kind
of grew up watching these guys a little bit when i was 12 13 14 years old and to have them talking
to them i was i was beyond nervous but so excited to join
them and um it was kind of funny too there so they're in vegas they're on the west coast trip
and they're staying there for a few nights so sweeney called me he's like hey you can go meet
these guys in vegas they're having a rookie party or oh yeah oh yeah Pretty easy decision there. I walked into the party meeting. Imagine you said no.
Your girl's crying even more.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Now you're going to Vegas.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was all coming down.
But it was awesome.
And it's a perfect setting to meet the team.
I knew a couple of guys.
Wags was there.
Toya Krug, Charlie McAvoy.
I met them maybe once or twice, Grizzly.
But to meet the team in that
setting just kind of you know everyone's having a couple and you just you kind of have some fun
it was perfect now your girlfriend at the time is that the one you ended up marrying and you just
yeah that's my wife now yeah oh wow well congratulations that's awesome hey yeah she
was battle tested early oh yeah she was that's how i knew she was uh in for a long haul and she
was ready for it oh Is she from Boston?
She's from Minnesota.
So I came here the last year I was there, and then we were set to move in,
and then I got dealt.
So then a few months later, she came and met me in Boston,
and we've been going strong ever since.
Hey, let's see the pooch.
I can hear her breathing.
Yeah, so I got two here.
One's here.
Come here, Grace.
Come here, go. I got Grac him breathing. I got two here. One's here. Come here, Grace. Come here, go.
I got Gracie here.
Oh, I love Gold.
And then we got another guy here.
We got Bodie.
So I got two here.
Actually, I was going to ask you about Darla,
Borbert's dog.
Unfortunately, it passed, right?
Like Darla was like a, everybody loved Darla.
It was kind of like the original Miss Peaches.
Yeah. I think she was the most beloved dog in the NHL. Like people love her and Forbes does such a great job with her. And she was, he actually, he brought her in a few weeks ago.
First time I met her in the training room, seeing her hobble around she looked great and then it was probably that week and
so sad like i you know that you think about that stuff from time to time when you have to put these
guys down you're like that's gonna be such a sad day and but forbes gave her a great life man like
and you can only be happy and and and proud of that so hats off to forbes for that fucking right
it's a couple clicks for forbes man forbes the man It's a couple of clicks for Forbes, man. Forbes is the man. He's a piece of work.
I love him.
The guys must love him in the locker room.
I love playing with Forbes.
He's a treat.
He's the best.
He's so funny and just like dry humor and keeps it light.
He's had a tough year this year with injury-wise.
People don't know what he was playing through when he was able to play.
He's a heck of a guy, heck of a teammate and never complains and he's had a tough year and
then on top of it the darla thing too like that's people don't understand that i don't think and
but he does it comes to the rink smiles and it's like nothing happened we should we should
pump some shirts out maybe make your your playoff motto motto do it for darla i like that's a good
little motto isn't it that gets me fired up fired up. What do you think, Witty?
I just think you might have made a couple bucks for yourself.
No, do it like this.
Yeah, all to charity.
All to dog charities.
All to the kennels.
All to dog charities.
But yeah, Forbes is the man.
I was going to ask, so you get traded to Boston.
So exciting being a local kid.
But there's also a side of it.
It's hard playing where you grew up
right the pressures are a little different not just pressures for getting people tickets and
and seeing people off the ice but actually to perform it's almost like the fans are a little
bit harder on the local guys and i had this conversation really recently with a buddy
you're you're approaching probably top three and could could end up being one of the best
local massachusetts players to ever play
for the Bruins. You know, you got Bill Guerin, you got Hal Gill, there's others that go on, but
has that been tough for you at times? Because it really hasn't seemed that way at all.
It's time to time you think about stuff like that, but I think it was a good time where,
you know, if I was playing for the Bs early on when I was early 20s, maybe it's a little different.
I mature a little bit.
I go away from home, kind of learn the life of the NHL and come back home.
I'm 26, 27, whatever power role I was when I came.
I think I'm better off in that way. So I'm pretty happy the way it's worked out like that, where I am, uh, you know, a little older and, and, and mature and can handle these things a little
bit better. Um, and you talk to guys too, like Chris Wagner was here when I, when I came at
Grizzly and, uh, I'm like, those guys can do it, you know, and you get little tips from them and
how to go about things ticket wise and the extra stuff but um i have a pretty good support system here in my family and i have a
big family a lot of cousins and and things like that so you think the ticket thing is a big deal
and it can be but it's usually not from your family and close friends like those people know
it's the people who you kind of went to high school with or you know you didn't want to give
your number to them but they have your number and they're texting you like it's it's that people who you kind of went to high school with or, you know, you didn't want to give your number to them,
but they have your number and they're texting you.
Like it's,
it's,
that's what it is.
But I love playing at home.
I wouldn't change it for anything.
I love being here.
And I think those little pressures are so worth it.
And as long as you kind of keep a level head and you get the support system
with you to keep you humble and all that stuff.
Like I,
I love it.
And,
and stay
off twitter yeah yeah twitter twitter can be a beast yeah it's i should probably shut that off
oh you're also you're on there you're pretty uh pretty i mean well this year's a fun year to be
on it for you yeah on it it's it's the down years you're like this isn't so fun anymore
yeah but it's like every day it can be different you know have a bad game. You're the worst player in the world.
You guys know how it is.
So it's not worth it to get people's opinions.
That's why Twitter is  it's good, but it's bad.
People have their opinions about everything,
and they think they have to share them all.
It's like, come on.
Yeah.
No repercussions.
So I'm a moron.
I had you guys miss some playoffs last year.
You guys won the President's Trophy.
I wasn't going to make that mistake again,
and I think it all comes down to the culture culture that has been created in in boston with the bruins
what was it like coming in that locker room you did mention chara and bergeron reaching out to
you but just like what is it like every day showing up to that rink like people want to
know behind the scenes like what what is it like going in there with all those legends around and
and just what you guys have been able to establish?
It's awesome.
I mean, when I was in Minnesota, you hear about what it's like in there,
the outside perspective and how these guys are,
but you don't really fully know until you're in there and you're like, this is legit.
And the Bruins are so, so lucky to have the captains
and leadership they've had over the years.
With Char and Bergeron, those are the big names and for good reason.
But other guys too.
I mean, Brad Marchand now is our captain.
That's for very good reason in the way he's learned from those guys.
And it's just a trickle-down effect.
And it's one thing to trickle down, but then you got to keep that culture going.
And everyone's been able to do that in their own way.
And I think that's why Brad Marchand has been such a great captain for us this year he's learned he's been there
and he knows and no one's perfect like all those guys have made mistakes we all make mistakes
whatever but it's just that like there's no there's no rookies you know everyone's treated
equal and it's kind of like you know the old the old style of being the nhl and the old you know older
guys younger guys and kind of you know there's some it's not in there as much and i think char
was really big on that um like just one little stupid story i have i always think about it and
it's it's very minor but it's i remember being traded in there and it's like my first month in
there and i think it was after practice we're getting lunch at the, you know, in our meal room.
And Charlie was in there and I'm in there.
And Cassidy, the time comes in.
He's like, hey, Big Z, you want to practice tomorrow?
What time do you want it at this time or this time?
What do you want?
I'm just kind of listening and get my food.
And Charlie was like, hmm.
And he turns to me, he goes, Charlie, what do you think?
And I kind of like laughed.
I'm like, are you serious?
He wanted to know what I thought about what time practice should be. This guy's a captain,
he's 40 years old and he wants to know my input on it. And it sounds stupid, but it's such a big
deal. And it's just that little stuff compounds over and over. And that's how he treated everyone.
And then, you know, you got Bergeron too, just so invested in everyone and asking how they're doing.
You're not just going to buy a guy and lock him.
Hey, how are you doing?
Hey, good.
How are you?
Good.
That was it.
Bergeron, hey, how are you doing?
Good.
No, no.
How is it going?
Tell me.
And they sit there and talk to you.
And you're like, what is that?
He really cares.
You can tell he actually cares.
He really cares.
And he cares about everyone.
And so I think it's just that part part of it too the off-ice stuff
and you know that these older guys care about you whether you're a 40 years old or 20 or 18
years old coming in you know like everyone plays a part everyone is so important and we make that
we make that known with each other chara hit him with the it doesn't matter what time you think it should be. The rock just comes in over the top.
Oh, shit.
Okay.
Everyone saw the hug between Marshawn and Bergeron after that gutting loss against Florida.
Did he say anything in the lock on that?
That pretty much showed that he was done, but everyone was just holding out hope.
But did you know even before it was announced that that was probably it? Um, not like, I mean, I think we all kind of assumed
and you know, the writing was kind of on the wall there and that was kind of where he was
leaning towards. But like, even that, even after the game, even that summer, like you were just
holding onto that little piece of hope that he would say, hey, I'm coming back. I got the itch.
I'm coming back.
So it's hard to really tell you when I knew he was done,
whether he said it or not.
It was like, I don't know.
I don't know.
He might.
I don't think we get the 100th year coming up.
I think it only makes sense, you know.
But I don't blame him.
He's done so much.
I mean, we can go on and on.
You guys know what he's been to this city, all right?
Like, you know, it's insane,
and he's done so much for this organization and this city and beyond
and the game of hockey itself.
Like, there was no, like, you could have hanged him up 10 years ago, you know?
Like, you've done so much, and I respect him so much.
Everyone does.
And do we wish he was playing?
Of course he does, but we totally understand the family part of it
and keeping your health.
He had an amazing career.
You said he might be coming back.
He's still skating, so don't lose hope.
He's renting ice.
You just never know.
You never know.
It could be next year.
It could be next year.
Maybe they're the cap circumcisers where he comes out like Sting come playoff time.
I wasn't going to say it, but yeah.
Pull a Golden Knights.
We talked about that on the show, and then Wag texted me.
He's like, buddy, he ain't coming back.
I don't know where the fuck you heard that.
Somebody told me that he put out a company-wide email.
Hey, guys, these idiots at Spittin' Chicklets are starting rumors again.
Patrice is not coming back.
I didn't see that one.
I'm still holding out hope.
You never know.
They probably have your BU email still.
That's why.
Other than vocally,
what's the biggest difference
between Mahashan as a captain
and Bergeron as a captain?
Yeah, that's a good one.
I mean, everyone's different. They all have their own way.
Marci just right off the bat, his work ethic, the way he competes, he's worked his whole... I think
if you ask him, did you think you'd have this kind of career? He'd probably be like, I didn't
think I was going to make the NHL, let alone have this career, let alone have this amazing career.
That guy's worked for
everything and i wish i knew him way back then to see how he's progressed and but i see him work out
in the off season when he's in boston like i see him in practice going on early um just the little
stuff that he does he's he's a dog he's an animal out there i call him animal like he's he's an
animal and he he brings it like he practice a practice kind of dull he's the one
to go rough a guy up or you know set the tone and just kind of get the practice back up again
like he sets the tone everywhere and he's not afraid he's he'll do it all and he's just he's
our he's our captain there was no doubt he was going to be captain. But everyone's different in their own way,
and I think he's put a lot of pressure on himself.
To follow up a guy like Chara and Bergeron,
those are probably some of the best captains ever.
They're top of the food chain there.
But you just hope he doesn't take  you don't have to be one of those guys.
It's a shared responsibility.
Yeah, he wears a C, and he does it so well, and he does his guys. Like it's, it's a shared responsibility. Yeah. He wears a C and he does it so well and he does his part,
but it's,
it's all of us too.
And I think that's the other part of our,
our culture.
It's not just one guy and everyone plays a part.
But they're both,
Bergeron is a great captain.
I don't need to go on about that.
Everyone knows.
And Marshy's been unbelievable for us too.
And I think it's only helped his game on the ice and you know,
the way he controls his emotion and still plays with fire, but rides that line.
And then he's unbelievable out there.
He's still got it.
Whether you love him or hate him as a player, one thing people agree on is, and you can
kind of go into it, I think, how does he go into the corner and always come out of it?
I've mentioned before, it might help him that he's a little smaller, but there's something about that guy where 50-50 puck battles
every single time he comes out with it.
Yeah.
Well, he's an animal.
That's why.
Today in practice, actually.
But he's smart with stick work too and stuff, right?
I can go on and on about his stick work.
But today in practice, we're doing like a drill
where you're in the corner.
It's a five-on-five.
He's in the corner of the puck.
He's supposed to just chip it.
The other team's supposed to break out.
He's supposed to back check, right?
So a couple lines go up first, and they just chip the puck behind you.
You start the drill.
Well, he's hanging on to it that next time.
They blow the whistle.
He doesn't chip it.
He hangs on to it.
He makes our D-man try to get it.
He held on this thing for 30 seconds.
And he was in the corner.
He's doing that.
And I'm like, typical
Marci right there. And coach is like, why don't you give him the puck? He goes, they're going to
freaking take it from me. But that's him in a nutshell right there. And it's awesome. I loved
it. But his stick work, I think of that goal he scored against Pittsburgh earlier this year
against Letang. Oh, when he knocked his stick away? A couple of times where he puts a puck in
an area, he grabs your stick, he touches it again, grabs the stick again, and then makes the play. And so I've really studied
that about him. He's got to be one of the best in the league, if not the best at that.
The way he just stops on a dime, it's nerve wracking going against him in practice. I'm
glad I've been playing with him this year. I used to go and get him, Bergeron, and Pasta,
first and third line to go against each other Bergeron and, uh, pasta, you know, first and
third line to go against each other in practice. And it wasn't fun. Um, but he's just so skilled
in, in the way he does things, but he works at it and it's not just given to him. Like he does it
every day and he does it in practice and he does it at high speeds. And that's why he's where he
is. What's the conversation like in the locker room day to day? And because he's got the C now and that takes a little bit of extra energy,
was he the guy kind of running court?
He seems like the type of guy who would just be running court in a locker room.
And like, what do you guys, like, what are you guys shooting the shit out,
shit about day to day?
Like a lot of NHL hockey?
Yeah, I guess it depends on the day.
Marci's usually in the mix or starting it.
He's still got his funny side to him,
but I wonder how much he thinks about that,
being captain, if he's kind of got to dial it back.
But he's been awesome with it.
But there's got to be a balance there of being the captain,
being this guy, but also giving it a little bit
and being the jokester because he still has that.
He's just well-rounded in that way.
But it's usually him.
You know who's a big guy?
He's already talked about him.
It's Forby.
He's the locker room jester?
Oh, man.
Yeah, he just makes it fun.
The dry humor and the jokes he does, and he overuses jokes,
but for some reason they're still funny whenever he says it.
Like any other guy, you'd be like, we already heard that, but it's Forbes.
I wish I had that quality.
I just tell them over and over and nobody laughs.
Just tell them with it.
No spit, no lube.
Yeah, exactly.
Forbes and Marcy and Jake Nebraska, he's always yapping and talking.
We get a pretty good group to kind of banter and all that
and make fun of each other.
That helps keep things light.
And after long seasons, you know, you need that stuff.
Charlie, as far as the center position,
what was the best or most useful advice or tip that Bergeron gave you
that you're like just stuck and still used to this day?
That's a good one.
Tough to pinpoint one thing, you know.
He's not, I think a lot of times you think like guys like that come, they tell you one thing, you're like, oh my God, that's thing, you know, it's, he's not, I think a lot of times you think like
guys like that come, they tell you one thing, you're like, oh my God, that's it. You know?
But I think he was just so, he was good at every little thing. I think that's why he was so
well-rounded and the player he was. So there wasn't like one thing he said to me that I was
like, oh my God, like light went off, you know, it's just kind of a little of everything each day and how we, his leadership that we already touched on and being
a good person and getting to know guys and making everyone feel welcome on the ice face-offs. Like
I still got to study his face-offs and get better in that. He was so good. And like he uses a stick.
I think he's like a 70, 80 flat. Like how are you, how are you snapping him back like that?
Like I do that and I just keep breaking sticks and his face offs just the way he is
reliable and always in a good spot i think is one thing that is really good at that i'm
really trying to tone in it's a minor thing but just extending your stick when you go go to hit
guys you know like a lot of these guys you have your you know you learn to crunch guys and your
sticks up here well it gives another five feet six feet to work with right so stick out in front he used to do it in practice
and he he tipped so many pucks and you know whether it goes out of play or just trickles and
it misses the pass like i was intended to to do like that little thing there has been so crucial
and um our coaching staff and in particular joe sacco has been huge and trying to really relay that message and always
going back to,
Hey,
Berg used to do this,
especially on the penalty kill too.
So I I'd say that,
that little stick work there and keeping it out in front before you hit
engage with someone has been huge.
you'd be hard pressed to find a coach who's had better regular season success
in its first two years,
uh,
with a team.
What was it about Monty when he came in and what he continues to still do
that is just like, it's perplexing from a coaching perspective?
One of the best you've ever had, if not the best coach?
Yeah, I mean, I loved it.
It's hard not to love last year and this year too,
but it's a different team and and things have been a little different
for we have different guys in there so things change you know in a minor way but last year we
had so much success and we're winning and Monty kind of comes in there's a there's a new voice and
um that in itself can kind of help but I think the way he communicates and interacts with the guys
and and how he approaches it and um but his his pre-game
speeches too are awesome like he's just and they're not like super long sometimes they'll
come in with a little story and it gets you fired up but sometimes they're just short and sweet and
the way he just he's engaged and he's focused and he says it and delivers it it's like oh man like
this guy's ready to go we're ready to to go now. So there's a little of everything
there, but a lot has to be owed to Monty. He's been awesome for us. And then on that side,
a different side of it was last year, our leadership too. Bergeron, Marshy, Crecce,
Nick Foligno is a huge one. I miss having that guy around. He's awesome in the locker room.
Got to be one of my favorite teammates I've had.
And the leadership he's had from being a captain and being around the league is,
he was like another, he was like another C in the locker room, you know?
And those guys are so crucial.
And just having that leadership too, like if our game started to go, you know,
during the game and we needed to pick me up or say something, like,
I'm sure Monty's ready to say something, but then we had Bergeron or Foligno addressing right away.
So it was like, Monty, just step back. We handle it ourselves and everything works out. So,
you know, when you have those guys gone this year, it's a little different. You got to find
some new voices and other guys got to step up. And we starting to realize that and see that and
have guys grown. but Monty needs
to assert himself a little more until we do that so that's been an adjustment too um but I think
we're only getting better and better at that as the season goes along what's what's the quote
wit it's a quote it's a good good teams the coaches lead great teams the players lead
I've heard I've heard that best I like. I get that tattooed on my ass.
Monty's speech to you guys during the dad's trip, that was a great one.
I know that was put on the internet in terms of having your dad there and what that meant to him or you guys.
It just seems like he's one of the guys a little bit.
Without being a complete pushover, it seems like he really kind of rides that line. And that's hard
to do as a coach because you see a lot of guys that are a player's coach and gets walked all
over and then you see hard asses that players can't stand. So it's hard to do what he seems
to have done since he's been there. 100. That's a great point. That's exactly how he is. And yeah,
there's a balance to everything in life. And that's a balance in itself there. That takes some serious skill and power to do, and he does it pretty well.
And you can easily go in his office and talk to him.
He's always open.
He'll tell you how it is.
He doesn't sugarcoat things.
And those are the guys you want to play for.
But he is playful and jokes, and it keeps things light.
Even when it's kind of a serious
speech and he'll throw something in there and you're you kind of give a chuckle and kind of
lightens the mood just a bit and then he's back to serious stuff and uh focused on the task at hand
so he's been really good at that and that's that's been a breath of fresh air too like
it's fun to play with a coach like that who kind of has that side to him and and knows what it's
like to be in the locker room and be one of the guys, but also be kind of the head honcho and run things. We got to make sure
we get our business done and stay focused. Are the boys not dropping off the bits to get
back to the playoffs after the way last year ended up? Yeah. I mean, it's not too many times
you lose in the first round and you feel that defeated. And it felt like losing in the finals again.
Like, we had the team.
It was there for us.
Everyone knows the season we had.
And for whatever reason, it just slipped away slowly.
And granted, Florida played great.
Their goalie came on strong.
They played hard.
And they gave us a good fight and came down to the last goal, right?
And that, yeah, that sucked.
That sucked, and it still stings, and it will always sting, I think,
because you don't always have that team.
We had the best regular season team in history.
You never get those back.
And so you have regrets and just, man, we had it we had the team to do it
and we didn't get it done but on the other hand too you turn the page because you have to and
hey we got a new season here and we got a different team and we got new guys we have other guys who
step up and we've seen that so we're excited about this year we've been excited about this
year but when you lose like that you can't wait to go back and get through summer and chomping out the bit
again,
like you said.
And I know every guy kind of felt that way,
still feels that way.
And it's a good way to feel that way.
Heading into playoffs here in a little bit and see what we can do.
Are you a,
are you a massive Adam Sandler guy?
Is that,
is there any truth to that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who told you that?
Grinelli texted
it to me been doing a little digging on you now what do you make of the fact that they're doing
a happy Gilmore remake or or part two excuse me I I've heard a little bit but you never know what's
true but I I mean I'd be pumped just to see another Sandler film um you know I can you
really remake that I don't know I hope they can but like that's gonna
be a toffee they're saying sydney sweeney could be in it though i think that kind of changes things
oh great shitty acting and huge jugs awesome i could get that on you jizz.com
works for me i i love sandler though i even though I think he's got a deal with Netflix.
He had to come out with so many movies.
And his classics are so good.
His new ones aren't as good, but still, I have to watch them all just because it's Adam Sandler.
I love his wardrobe.
Have you seen how he dresses?
It makes me look like a fucking...
Like R.A.
That's R.A.'s fashion line.
What are you talking about?
R.A., I didn't mind that ones fashion line. What are you talking about?
R.A., I didn't mind that one that he did where he was the gambling guy.
Oh, Uncut Gems was phenomenal.
Uncut Gems was, to me, one of his best movies. That was anxiety.
Exactly.
It was two hours of anxiety time.
He played you.
Little Nicky might be his best movie.
If you haven't seen Little Nicky.
Oh, dude. People won't agree with me
But it's a classic
Yeah it's so good
I could go on and on about Adam Sandler
Every time they're on TV
You just have to leave it on
My wife's like this shit again
But even the other one
The basketball one
He was awesome in that
I thought it was pretty good.
I enjoyed it.
All right, so-
That was the agent?
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Give us your top three Adam Sandler movies all the time.
Oh, jeez.
Yeah, putting you on the spot.
Yeah, it really does.
You can answer it at the end of the podcast if we have a few more questions.
So, give you a little time to think about it
It's going to take way more time for me to think about that
In his cup speech
He raises the cup
He's like I forgot to answer the trickle
There's so many
That I can rotate through
Deeds, Big Daddy
Billy Madison, Abby Gilmore
Those are
Even like Click
We were talking talking about today?
50 First Dates. We were talking about that today with some of the guys.
I didn't like 50 First Dates.
I wasn't a big fan. I like the scenery
because that's the one in Hawaii.
Yeah. Okay, so I asked
this question to Nathan McKinnon and
the answer actually surprised me. I said, hardest
guy to go against, center
iceman. And he answered at the time
it was Deneau who was playing in Montreal
Who's the one guy that you're like
Oh fuck, I better be on my
Who's the one guy who's hardest
For you to go against night in, night out
Like all around or just face-off wise?
No, all around
In the play, he said defensively
Deneau was just a wet blanket, that's why
Not just face-offs, the whole picture
Man
Trying to think here, there's so many Like to know it was just a wet blanket that's why not just face-offs the whole picture man trying to
think here there's there's so many like so many guys are different like so good in their own way
you know like mcdavid obviously you know like trying to his speed against you like that's one
thing but like there's other guys who are so good in their own zone like kopitar has been so good
for forever now like
such a big guy you think he he's getting older and like slower but like he he gets it done he
gets up and down the ice he's a moose in the corner to try to handle like i'm glad i only
play against him twice um but there's so many good ones so like honestly i'd have to think
about it i have to answer that one at the end too yeah all of them that's how elite these guys are yeah how do you how do you spend your summers
you're local the whole time you do you ever go back to mini where your wife's from or yeah we'll
go we'll usually go like maybe for a week right after the year just so she can see the fan we can
all see your family and uh you give her a week yeah yeah i send her away for a week and then yeah
we have we have a seven month old daughter now so like it's it's very important to go see the
grandparents and they come out every now and then to see her and see us so we'll go for a week and
come back and but we'll we fought that a little bit whether to spend summers out in uh minnesota
or here but then we we bought a place in Cape, so that kind of solidified it.
Nice.
We started that last year, just kind of getting it prepared,
so this summer we'll spend a good chunk of time down in the Cape.
How has it been first season with a newborn?
She was born right before the season started,
and you've been kind of balancing that?
Yeah, hardest thing, matching McDavid's speed or changing a diaper?
I think I'm up to par with a diaper changing so i think david still got it but man there's some times and you get a blowout it's like oh man you call in the reliever danielle get over here
either way someone's shitting their pants yeah the blow that's what they call them the blowouts blowout it's bad oh no but no she was born in uh late august so
we're in the middle of moving actually so i actually moved out of the city we're in the
suburbs now but um but training camp and getting into that with a newborn you know a little tough
and but my wife's been unbelievable just doing most of the work when i'm on the road you come home late you know maybe you
get a game the next day and you try to get your sleep she's getting up with her it's she's been
so good and keeping on such a schedule that she's been pretty good sleeper now this last little bit
so that's huge but i love it like it's a whole new meaning of life and you go on the road and
you're looking forward to get back home to see her and um it's it's it's the whole new meaning of life and you go on the road and you're looking forward to get back home to see her.
And,
um,
it's,
it's,
it's the best thing in the world. And just seeing her and the dogs interact,
like that's cool in itself.
And it's just,
uh,
yeah,
you just want to be a better person for,
for your kids.
And,
you know,
you know,
like it's,
it,
it,
it just makes you smile thinking about it.
So we're,
we're pumped to see her grow.
And,
um,
she's been a good luck charm this
year so far. John, to go back to the trade to Boston, I'm assuming you probably know Ryan
that I don't beat a couple of Celtua guys. Was that kind of awkward to get traded for each other
to just have a laugh about it or talk about it at all? Yeah. We both know it wasn't either of us.
It's just kind of how it works. And I was working out with Ryan down at EPS in Foxborough in the
summertime. And so we knew of it. I don't know if I sent them a text or not. But I remember one time
when I was going back out there to Minnesota, it must have been right after the year he was coming
back. I caught him in the airport. That must have been after the first year when we first got traded.
So it was kind of funny seeing him there. He's going back home, going back and we first got traded so it's kind of funny seeing him there he's going back home going back and we just got traded so we had we had a little laugh about it but he's a great kid
he works hard and um just kind of funny that's you know you're tied together with him for that
um but kind of funny like a boston kid gets traded for a boston kid and and goes but um yeah
charlie we got uh i got i was gonna call in g for a question he's a bruins
jock sniffer uh once a bu fan but now he's a bc fan because they gave him a duffel bag
uh g what do you got for him i wanted to ask about the cup final in 2019 just anything that
you know stood out from that cup run like bergeron make a speech chara make a speech anything that stood out from that run
yeah i mean there was a lot it's it's uh it's bittersweet looking back for obvious reasons
the bitter part but like to come in here and get traded to the bruins and then all of a sudden you
go on this run and then you you know you come that close like it was it was just like a fairy
tale story
for the team, for myself too, like your first year with the team
and doing it in front of family and friends.
And you come that close, get taken away.
Oh, it's freaking brutal.
And you wish it went the other way, but it didn't.
But I think it was game six in St. Louis.
So we're down 3-2, game six, St. Louis. And I remember, you know, I think it was game six in St. Louis. So we're down 3-2, game six, St. Louis.
And I remember, you know, I think they were,
we caught wind they were getting geared up for their parade that night
after they're winning game six to win it.
And so that was kind of, you know, bulletin board material.
And, you know, I want to squash that.
But Bergeron stood up at one point, and I'm pretty sure he read a,
he read like a letter or paper he wrote when
he was a young kid just about hockey and his dream and all that and it was it was unbelievable like
it was just the perfect time the perfect moment everyone was glued to him when he was reading
this and it was just so heartfelt but like oh he's so pumped up and uh it was it was so cool
so i'll never forget that night.
I know we obviously won that game. I think we went out and beat it up pretty good,
the fourth game seven back at the Garden. So that's something I'll always remember.
And I got to leave you with this. One of my earliest memories of the Massachusetts
high school hockey tournament was you, if I'm not mistaken, you led Weymouth to the Super 8.
Did you not? I definitely didn't lead Weymouth because I was a freshman. I was you, if I'm not mistaken, you led Weymouth to the Super 8. Did you not?
I definitely didn't lead Weymouth because I was a freshman.
I was like five foot six.
But I remember.
I remember them pointing you out being like, this kid is going to go to BU someday.
I remember too, you had this big motherfucker on your team, bald guy with a beard.
Did you not?
Liam Harrington.
Yeah, he's a big time D man.
He was a junior at the time, too.
This guy looks like he's 45 years old.
My cousin at the time, Tim King,
he was our go-to guy. He was our
captain. He was the best player in the state.
He actually led us, but I was the freshman,
the little guy.
You probably heard about me
at one point because I had one goal all year
against Brookline High, the 10th goal
and a 10-0 win.
But Super 8, I scored our first
game in the Super 8
to be the game winner. So that was like,
I think people kind of ran with that.
Yeah, you were just in the right place at the right time, Jay.
Right place, right time. Exactly.
Isn't it such a joke that they've gotten rid of the Super 8
now? Yeah.
I don't like it at all.
It's terrible. It's not the same like that that's when people
ask like what's your favorite hockey memory all that like obviously thinking of like nhl been in
the league for like 11 12 years i always go back to that super eight freshman playing at the garden
like the whole man i get chills i get chills still thinking about it some of my best memories
and all my best memory and and we lost in the finals that year too we got smoked but i still
i loved it and it was so cool to like there's nothing like playing for your town
and i'm very proud to be from weymouth and all that like i i loved it and uh it was so cool to
see everyone come together for that we were just talking about josh doan i think it was last
podcast about his growth spurt i think he was a small guy and you said you were a freshman in
high school and you were five six i was school, and you were 5'6"?
I was like 5'6", like 1.40.
I think that next year I grew 6'1", or something.
Yeah, I was a little guy at the time.
Didn't have the speed or anything, but that's about how I grew.
Sprouted out like a crazy.
That's a big growth spurt.
Yeah.
That season in high school, I was going to say,
you guys wiped out more Catholics than the frigging Church of England that season.
Oh, Jesus. Here we go.
Don't quote them, folks.
No, it was awesome.
We had Malden Catholic first game, played CM,
the number one team in the state the next game.
And a couple days before that, our starting goalie got kicked off our team.
And we're in pretty much a must-win game against the best team in the state.
And our sophomore goalie, who I don't think he ever played, he stepped in.
We won 2-1.
This guy stood on his head.
It was unbelievable.
We did the whole, you know, you win the game, it's a round robin, right?
Like, you win the game, we did the whole jump on the goalie like we just won the cup.
And, yeah yeah third game
central catholic beat them and they played austin prep at the harvard won in overtime and then to go
to the garden it was unbelievable it was it was so cool well boys that's been a that's been a fun
time here we appreciate your time man we know you're busy you got a crazy schedule and best of
luck to you guys in uh in playoffs man we talked about the bullshit matchups and the fact that it's not one through eight.
So I know you guys are going to have a tough first round opponent.
Is there anything else you want to ask him, Rear?
Yeah.
That last sale of the movie, Spaceman with the spider.
Did you watch that one on Netflix?
I just watched it a few weeks ago and I watched it on the plane.
It was interesting.
I don't know how I feel about it, but I watched the whole thing because I had nothing else to do.
But that was a different one.
That's not in the top three, though.
That's not in the top three.
No, definitely not.
No, no, no.
That doesn't crack it.
That doesn't even come close.
But I like these stuff a little bit, right?
Yeah, it was like a deep thought type of movie.
It was.
It was different.
It was different Adam Sandler, but can't blame him.
Well, Charlie, congrats on all your success, buddy,
and you deserve all of success, buddy, and you
deserve all of it. So we appreciate you
coming on, and congrats again on the
birth of your daughter, and good luck in the playoffs, buddy.
No, thanks a ton, guys. And like I
said, you guys have been so good
for our game and growing it, so I appreciate
everything you guys do, and I'm always listening to
you guys, so it's pretty special to be
invited on here. So thank you, guys,
and best of luck to you i'll
be following who's got the worst takes of all of us and you can include pasha because he said that
zaka's a bum and he's too nice he's too yeah no that that takes my pick right there we'll go pasha
i don't even know suck on that pasha you guys so i feel bad doing that but not because my guys
zaka's the best attaboy i love it thanks so much buddy see you buddy thanks guys go bees before we go any further guys we need to talk
about sport clips when it comes to getting your haircut don't just go anywhere don't just go
anywhere like fishy went we've talked about fishy's. He didn't go to Sport Clips.
He made an enormous mistake.
Don't do the same as him and make sure you visit the specialists who live and breathe
men's hair.
They make it easy for you.
They know what they're doing and they do a phenomenal job.
And you can't just trust anyone with your hair.
You cannot do it.
At Sport Clips Haircuts, stylists undergo special training to be the experts in men's hair,
making them the masters of mullets, the finessers of fades, and understudies of the undercut.
It's easy to have confidence in your look when you're in the hands of a pro.
That is what is at Sport Clips.
Professionals, highly trained professionals that make you look good and feel good,
and a good haircut can go a long way.
Just another way Sports Clips helps keep your head and your hair in the game is confidence.
That's what they do.
They know how to do it.
It's an easy cut.
It's quick.
And you look great leaving.
Sport Clips.
It's a game changer.
Thank you so much to Charlie Coyle.
Great guy.
Great player. Hell of a season very interested
to see what he can do this year they got lynn home there to help now so we appreciate him hopping on
sorry it took so long to get out but boys moving on um a little list was dropped uh this was on
sportsnet it is the top 10 unsigned rf. So interestingly enough, they got number one, Jeremy Swayman,
goalie in Boston, enormous coming out party this season.
Apparently there are rumors that he's asking for 10 million a year.
Grinelli told me he's been told that's completely false.
We don't know, but he's listed at number one after that.
Maureen Sider in Detroit, he's unsigned along with lucas raymond they're
two and three two studs for detroit that they got to get locked up before we move on what do we
think what do we think here about swayman like what is i mean for for two seasons now they've
split the net him and all mark they move on from elmar all mark which essentially puts like a lot
of the cards in in swayman's favor because now he's got even more leverage but
it's obviously a a big team dynamic there you got you had guys in the past take hometown discounts
they've kind of gotten away from that a little bit like posa obviously got paid market value
mcavoy got paid market value what's market value for for swayman here you think eight million dollars gets this deal done tomorrow i i would
give him eight years 72 million tomorrow and not think twice about it now that's nine a year that's
not the 10 but if granelli's saying he hears that's complete bullshit then who even knows if
it's true or not i think from what i saw last year and his age like I think he's going to be an absolute stud for the
next 10 years in this in this league and that's dude now granted do you have to give him that
much no because he's restricted but like you said biz getting rid of Omar buddy you just put he just
he's got you now he's got you by the balls yeah so I don't know what they're trying to offer I
wish we had more in-depth kind of i don't know what they're trying to offer i wish we had
more in-depth kind of research or knowledge of what they're offering him don sweeney apparently
says he's confident something will get done but then there are other reports saying they're not
even close so would you would you agree nine million per year is that a huge overpayment or
no i don't think it's an overpayment. I just think that given to where he is now
probably has a lot to do with the fact
that he didn't have all this pressure put on him
because he got to share the net with Allmark.
Remember, Allmark two years ago was the Vezina winner.
He was the better goalie.
The numbers shifted this year
where obviously Swayman was the guy.
He got to learn from him and put in that good situation
in order to get to where he is right now.
I think that something should be said about loyalty and in a slight hometown discount where by the sounds of
it it seems like swayman would be willing to get there i think the number is eight times eight and
i think that people might say that's shockingly low for the numbers based on what other guys are
probably making his number one goaltenders in the year around the league excuse me but i think that that that that keeps everybody happy and fuck man he's saying no to that he's saying no
to that to eight times eight yeah yeah i do think i think he says no to that yeah so i mean if he
wants 10 in there you know and you you would give him eight let's settle at nine but he's one of
those guys in going into last year. I was
like, no way he's going to be as good without all Mark. I just didn't think he could handle the load.
He proved me completely wrong. He was an absolute stud, put that team on their back. I don't think
they do anything without him. Right. So it's, it's one of those things he's, he's earned it.
It seems like he loves being there, loves being a part of that team.
It's just like you said, Whit, too.
Like he's got them by the balls right now, too.
They have no goalie in the pipeline.
That's kind of in the rib you mirror.
Like it's his net for as long as he wants it.
And I don't know.
Do you guys think this was mismanaged by the Bruins in a sense of I wasn't
necessarily crazy about the return they got for Allmark.
Now you give Swayman the advantage from a contract negotiation perspective.
Do you think this was fumbled a little bit by the Bruins?
Possibly.
I'd like Grinelli, hop on here for a second.
You're the beast jock sniffer.
What do you think?
What would you pay him?
What would you be happy with?
What would you be disappointed with? That's too much
money. What are you thinking right now? He's messaging with him.
He knows what he wants. I'm not messaging
him at all. I think 9.25,
eight years, 9.25,
that's the sweet spot right there.
10 mil, that report came out of the Boston
Sports Radio today. I heard that's bullshit.
I think anywhere, anywhere
between 8.75 to 9.25,
that's the sweet spot right in there.
And I agree with what Keith said.
It's his net as long as he wants it.
I'd say the same thing as I would have said to Faber.
Eight times eight, sign this,
or you're going to be in Providence, you fucking rat.
I can't fucking Neely.
I fucking can't Neely.
Sign this fucking paper.
I'm Seabass, bitch.
That's what I would say.
He probably would scream at him like that too, Seabass style.
Brandon, is it Brandon Busici?
Apparently, he's like a nice prospect.
He's like 6'5", I think.
He's one of the top goalies in the AHL right now.
And then DiPietro as well.
They have another good goalie.
I mean, they have Bob Asensis, one of the best goalie coaches in the NHL.
So they have a system here. They know what they're doing with goalies. They know how to have Bob Asensis, one of the best goalie coaches in the NHL. So they have a
system here. They know what they're doing with goalies. They know how to draft. They know how
to develop. And Allmark was making five, right? Yeah. So it could be one thing where they've so
long been like, all right, we kind of got two guys. Now all of a sudden, we never really planned
on having one guy making that much money.
Biz kind of goes back.
Did they mismanage the entire situation?
Should they have traded Allmark before last season after his Vezna season?
That's a question you got to ask.
Or at the deadline, possibly, where they tried to and he said no. So I just think that...
I think the biggest question that Bruins fans have, Whit,
is after seeing what Askkaroff just got,
why didn't they get more for Olmark?
It doesn't make sense.
Because he's older.
But he's a Vezina winner.
He's proven.
Askaroff's never played.
He's never proven himself in the NHL.
Linus Olmark.
And we've seen in the NHL that goalies can play until their late 30s.
So I think I'm just speaking for Bruins fans.
And we are a little irrational at times,
but I think the return for Askaroff
is pissing us off a little bit
more than how they've fumbled the
Swayman-Omark bet. That's a fucking
great point, G. That's a great
point. It's a question of going into
camp. Hey, Cam Neely should call G.
He did. When does camp
open? Three weeks?
You're nervous. You're nervous you're nervous maybe
maybe Cam Neely needs to add G to the
round table
he would snap G with like
his index his index and his
thumb he just grab him by the throat
well sounds like impulse controls his
problem because he doesn't know what to do with
the trades and stuff so maybe he should get that
maybe should figure out if he's got low T
for getting proper sleep.
In Detroit, Moritz Seider and Lucas Raymond.
I love both of these players.
Moritz Seider has not missed a game.
He's got three seasons, 82 games in all three seasons.
He's looked phenomenal.
He has 50 points, 42 points, and then 42 points again.
I mean, buddy, if you could ever get this guy at
eight times eight eight point five times eight oh my god i don't know what they're offering i also
see the eyes the eyes are planning maybe he's like i want to bridge these guys i want to bridge them
and their agents are like you want to fucking bridge us you want to fucking bridge us right now? And Raymond has looked better and better
from the beginning of this season
till game 82.
I bet you Lucas Sherman
is one of the most improved players in the NHL.
I would say him and Larkin,
best players on the team, bar none.
Larkin was a little banged up.
He's a beast.
He's a beast.
So last 25 games of the season,
I think Detroit fans would have handed Lucas Raymond 10 million a year.
That's how they're excited.
They are about him.
Now there are certain GMs that might just hand over the money,
but there's also guys like Stevie Y who's probably saying,
fuck dude,
I got the eyes are planned here.
We haven't made playoffs yet.
And you guys want to get paid based on what?
Like cider did have a bit of a sophomore slump.
I thought he was a lot better last year, but nonetheless, they still end up missing playoffs.
So where do you see him landing at?
Still 50 points, 42 points, 42 points.
I mean, that's not that big of a slump.
I mean, I know he was a monster his first year.
It was his first year, right, that he was a monster?
Yeah.
Alder winner.
Yeah.
And, you know, dropping down to 42 points.
But like you said, their team wasn't making the playoffs.
They weren't that great.
I just think he's like he he's your next.
I mean, I think he's like a pronger type player, just big, mean plays in all situations.
Like, obviously, you never you're never going to going to second-guess what Eisenman's doing,
but I think both of those guys are guys that you've got to lock up
for as long as you can.
And because they're both, what, 22 right now?
21?
Okay, so is it hard for his agent to ask for more than what Brock Faber just got?
No.
Fuck, man.
Right now, if you're asking me
i'd rather i'd rather cider than faber so so you're saying he's basically worth between eight
points kind of like we just talked about swayman 8.75 to 925 there's your there's your window then
if you're saying that you'd rather have him he does have a bigger mean streak he's obviously
three years in a little bit more proven where you're like okay i know exactly what i'm getting from a baseline perspective so yeah it seems like
it seems like that nine million will be the number so then if he's getting that raymond's saying
fuck i'm getting i'm getting what he's getting yeah they're gonna get the same deal i'd pay
him both nine million a year for eight years i just love handing out dough i can be honest with that but raymond he had 31 goals he
leads the team in scoring with 72 points he's 22 like this guy is so good and he's only gonna get
better and yeah lock him up lock him up but the side of the the side is like what have you guys
done you haven't gotten to playoffs yet i see that but when keith says like how do you question
eiserman i think the problem is wings fans are like starting to whisper questions about the eiser plan like this year and i know the
buffalo ottawa detroit thing it's even larger this season that's what i'm calling it this year
the viagra triangle who's gonna get hard who's getting hard who's getting
hard that's it who's gonna just put some teams on the workbench on the viagra triangle one of
them better start or somebody's getting fucking canned yeah right so those are the top three uh
i'll quickly run through caesar's pizza you thought you're gonna get your delivery uh that's
uh one one cheese and pepperoni pizza. That's 127, sir.
Sorry, we had to pay Lucas.
To thank Lucas and fucking Moritz for that one.
We got the Hawaiian for you, too.
We got free dip, though.
Going back to Raymond, like I played against Raymond his first year.
And I think he was a first round guy high high end skill but
he plays hard like he's not one of those guys you want to be on the ice against like he finishes
checks he's in on the four check um and like like whit was saying about skating like you know those
guys that can skate like that they can play forever they can you know put up numbers and then
you know how often does a you know 50 point at worst 42-point defenseman come around?
You do that for 15 years, you're in the Hall of Fame.
So after that, they list Seth Jarvis,
one of our best current player interviews we've ever done.
And actually, shout out to all the feedback from Arbor Jacki.
That interview was excellent.
I think people really enjoyed his story of just perseverance more than anything.
The story of telling the parents about the
contract we did it not i did it we did it excellent but we did seth jarvis this season
entertaining funny just a guy that's that has no problem when the camera's around on remaining
himself right like he's not somebody that's buttoning up once he starts getting interviewed
he's just a kind of a goofball that has a blast and someone who screams like I am living my dream in the NHL and I'm having so much fun. I'm not
going to pretend to be somebody else. So Tulsky has said that he will remain a Carolina Hurricane.
This report I'm reading says this is according to the Canes Corner podcast host Adam Gold.
Carolina and Jarvis are both seeking a maximum eight-year commitment
north of 8 million per season.
So it makes sense to me on what he's done.
I don't know when that will end up going down.
Quickly going down the line and just hop in maybe after
for any of the guys you want to chat about, Biz.
Thomas Harley in Dallas.
And everyone talks about Miro Heskinen, but this kid is awesome himself. I think 15 goals
last year, right around then, offensively gifted, skates well. So it's not just Heskinen as a young
stud there. Harley, you got Cole Perfetti in Winnipeg. He hasn't been signed. Dawson Mercer
in New Jersey. Peyton Krebs in Buffalo. I feel like after Mercer, it gets to Krebs, it gets to
Nick Robertson in Toronto and it
gets to Philip Tomasino in Nashville but the first seven names are bigger names than the last three I
just mentioned there so I don't know I think Mercer's one for for Jersey that they got to get
signed up like he he's a kid like just watching him he looks you know kind of like Jarvis like
just looks like he's having fun out there I think think he's like from Nova Scotia somewhere, like just a kid living his dream, having fun.
And another kid that's hard to play against.
He can play up and down your lineup.
You know, one of those guys that you want around.
I heard a rumor that they were when they were trying to trade for who was the goalie they were trying to get from Calgary.
Marks from that that calgary wanted mercer
and they're like no we're we're not doing it for mercer so i mean obviously they want them and and
and uh you know now it's just about uh getting it figured out and i'm sure tommy fits we'll we'll
figure it out so mercer's from new uh newfoundland um i i think that that you know there's probably
some new fees that are like he's not from nova scotia he's from newfoundland you know, there's probably some new fees that are like, he's not from Nova Scotia.
He's from Newfoundland.
I know that there's a lot of pride up there.
I think what,
what helps the devils and hurts him a little bit is he went from 42 points,
his rookie year.
He's also a player,
same as cider.
It's there.
They've played three years in league.
They have not missed the game.
He went from 42 points,
second year,
56 points.
That was a 27 goal season this year,
dropped off to 20 goals and only 33 points.
That helps Jersey probably in the negotiation.
But similar, in very similar fashion,
it's one of those things to Buneers where the team wasn't as good.
And a complete write-off season for the Devils.
Probably one of the most exciting teams that I'm looking forward to see this year is new jersey
i hate saying that with pasha i don't know if he's listening no pasha's in france right now
running around europe no he's no he's actually in uh he's in sweden i got a facetime the other
night him and lundquist i think at cafe oprah i'm like what the hell's going on here so pasha's just
terrorizing sweden i think he met his future ex-wife there too he was raving about this lovely girl he met there pasha's drinking with uh lung
goods he's like bro it was better than you fuck lung was like get out of my face fucking actually
i think um there is a chance that we do get markstrom on the podcast before the season begins
like i feel like he's one of those guys once the season starts
he's dialed in much like he was when he said last year hey when the season starts don't fucking talk
to me about trades i'm zoned in here i'm trying to win games for my team so no fuckery yet they
performed a little bit of fuckery and then he found and then he let him know about it but i
agree with you at new jersey like i would put my life on that they make playoffs and no more tattoo bets because I think that they'll probably
potentially reach the conference finals,
at least to the second round.
They are fucking lethal.
They have weapons and a goaltender.
They bring back Hamilton, what an enormous loss that was.
Hughes was out injured for a lot of the season
they have they have Markstrom now they brought in Pesci Luke Hughes is a year older Simone Nemec's
a year older I I like if you're asking me right now yes for Brad they go it's just a wagon of a
team like Palat and Meyer I I think like Florida's cup champs, and they're bringing a lot back.
But after them, New Jersey, are they the best team in the East?
I would rather Jersey's lineup than the Rangers.
Leafs.
Leafs.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry.
I forgot about the Leafs.
We'll see.
You're talking about the RFAs that aren't signed?
I'm more baffled by the UFAs about the rfas that aren't signed i'm more baffled by the ufas
like the older guys that aren't signed a couple names like james van reams like blows my mind
that he isn't signing that front guy unbelievable one of the best i ever played with net front
takes care of his body better than i've ever seen a guy this guy's putting i bet he spends
i bet he spends two hundred thousand dollars a year on treatment all that stuff this guy's putting, I bet he spends, I bet he spends 200,000 a year on treatment.
All that stuff.
This guy's a, that's Russell Wilson numbers.
Flies in a masseuse.
Every, every road trip that we're on has a guy in like every pocket area flies people
in.
He's doing, you know, the cryo chamber, all that stuff.
He's a machine.
Like the way he could, you know, like you said, he's not the best skater, but you know,
he's going to, he's going to get you 15 goals, you know, be on the power play second, you know, even if it's the second power play.
But great guy to have in the locker room, you know, has done it, has proved it.
It's crazy, man.
Another guy, Max Pacioretty.
I mean, he had 30 goals for seems like every year for the last 10 years.
He was scoring 30 goals.
Now can't get a job
i know he's had some injuries but apparently he has deals in place i think he has offers and he's
choosing i haven't heard from van reams like you'll definitely see him on a pto somewhere if anything
um it's just crazy now the league is so young and boom dude you're done after after what seems like
uh it's a long career but it goes by quick, and they're just moving on from people.
I think you'll see both of those guys.
It's age discrimination.
Yeah, I agree with you, Biz.
Now, Keith, can you explain to me the Van Riemsdyk backpack
he's constantly wearing around?
Who, Dora the Explorer?
That's what I used to call him.
It's like a miniature sized uh of brent
burns like has all of his stuff in there is just dialed in i've never seen anything like it um
yeah has all of his supplements you know his art machine or whatever those guys use like
oh he uses the arp oh yeah he's he does everything can you describe to people what the arp is we've
talked about it before it's the the thing where you put like patches on and it sends shock waves guys do it on their brain and
their head too yeah i never saw him do it on his head he probably should but um yeah he does
everything the infrared lights the sauna the he used to do this crazy breathing uh thing in the
sauna and then in the cold tub back and forth doing his
breathing and he used to say it was like he's doing a cardio the way he'd hold his breath for
a certain amount of time he was doing this is like rubbing himself right now as you're talking
about my pants look yeah another guy kevin shattenkirk too doesn't have a job like i mean
this guy's won stanleyups he he's proven I remember
last year I think it was last year with the Bruins like he wasn't even playing in a game he came in
the locker room and you know he's telling the guys what they need to do get ready they go out
win that game so just a good veteran to have around and it's crazy because when we came in
the league guys were UFAs at 35 years old 34 years years old. Now they're done. You're done at 35.
It's crazy.
Justin Schultz doesn't have a job, Biz.
Tyson Barry.
Tyson Barry
three years ago was the hottest name
in the UFA market. Remember, you gave him
12 million bucks a year, Biz.
Yeah, I believe it was 14.
Yeah.
But a team that's like maybe their power play
struggles like he's played with the best of them he's one of the best power plays in the
league with mckinnon he's played with mcdavid like you're telling me bedard can't use a fucking
skilled older guy to learn a little few tricks off of the power play like i'm shocked that
chicago hasn't went out and offered him like whatever i think he would play for 800 grand
get a one-year deal he can have a prove it season and you get a guy in a bar goon and next thing you Shocked that Chicago hasn't went out and offered him whatever. I think he would play for 800 grand.
Get a one-year deal.
He can have a prove-it season, and you get a guy in a bar goon,
and next thing you know, your power play is buzzing.
Yance, what was the weirdest thing that Van Riems like did?
Was he ever doing the dry needling, like the EMS?
If there's something that anyone has ever done, he's doing it.
Like everything.
It's insane what he does. He spent bank on some gear too right didn't he like always buy some like expensive clothes and
stuff oh my god this guy's shopping because it's like you and you're shopping but he it was a
his pockets were a little deeper it wasn't packed son yeah no uh this was like we went
we had like a drip trip we called it like everyone had to be
dripped out and uh he went into gucci bought like a gucci one-piece suit like traxedo for like
4500 i'm like dude you're gonna wear this one time he's like yeah no it's still sick
yeah no he yeah he did he did it This guy is special. What's his career earnings?
A lot.
My assumption would be 58 million.
That would be my guess.
More.
More, I think.
Dude, I went to this guy's house in Minnesota.
He's got one of the sickest houses I've ever seen.
And the whole basement, so the whole size of his house is the basement.
And it's just, he's got a basketball court, gym his cold tubs his hot tubs there's a chef down there that like cooking the meals the guys
work out there at his house it's crazy then you go upstairs they don't even have a living room
what do you mean he took it out so he could have a uh more gym
so he's got pilates reformers in his living room his kids don't have bedrooms
he's made 65 sheets in his career how much have you made yans
more than that more jesus christ dude i'm the poorest guy in the podcast
is gion abba z. You my only friend.
Grinnelli's sitting back there like, fuck me.
Going through the rest of this.
Did you guys, anyone have a chance to see Rupe Hintz's outfit at his wedding?
Oh, God. That's a drip.
That's a drip trip right there.
Holy shit.
He looked like he was like two thirds-thirds of an oreo cookie it
was just yeah i don't know i've never seen anything like that him and my suit was characters from
dick tracy i thought only the the the wife is supposed to wear white on uh wedding day
finland's different man i think fin Finland's obviously different based on that drip.
If you want to check it out, you can go to his Instagram. I was amazed to see he's next to Patrick
Laine, who's dressed in an interesting suit himself. He looks pretty good, but this suit is
just, it's black shoes. The right leg's white. The left leg of the pants are black. And then you go
up and the left side of the jacket is black. The right side
of the jacket is white and then it's
all white on the collar and then he's got a black
vest underneath. I don't
have the balls or the style to
pull this off. I don't know, Biz, if you
think that that's something you could rock, but
I certainly could not.
No, I'm way less
trendy in
older age. I don't like to wear things that are trendy
Oh no you wear sweatpants
Everywhere now
Yeah well
That's just to be comfortable
That's when I'm on the road working
Taking a page out of R.A.'s book
He's now my fashion consultant
The old fart catchers
Oh speaking of drip
My understanding is that the owner of the
tampa lighting did we talk about this last week that this team is being valued at two billion
dollars and they might sell it or a majority stake in the team if tampa bay sells for two billion
i think they just recently had the the um toronto maple leafs listed as two
billion that means they're worth like five to ten no like like maybe four three and a half four
bro if you think that we're talking same stratospheres from the tampa lightning to
the toronto maple leafs talking about what the most storied franchises in the world. It is the most storied franchise.
It's for sure the richest last evaluations came out on paper. I don't think that Tampa was that
much North of 1.2 billion. Like we could, I mean, G could probably pull it up while we're, while
we're talking here. So the fact that a year's played out, cause last year at the beginning
of the year, they came out with the valuations. Now, all of a sudden, it might sell for 2 billion. And also, my understanding is that private equity can only get involved up to 20 of a team's franchise value. very smart guy and he's saying with where they're with where these franchise values are going
individuals won't be able to afford to buy these teams like you're telling me a fucking
you're only allowed private equity 20 like who the fuck has billions of dollars to drop the higher
these valuations go there's probably i don't know a thousand people on the planet that could afford
to buy a sports team so they all have to want one if these are what the values are at. Yeah. Right. I think if you look at Tampa
and obviously that's crazy money, but you look at Tampa, like when we first came in the, in the
league, it was the rink was downtown. And then that terrible residents and hotel, whatever that
everyone stayed that downtown now is unbelievable it's like a legit downtown
city and that's strictly because of how good the tampa bay lightning have been what they've brought
to that city you know jobs uh opportunities and just you know people coming in i i think it's
amazing and you know worth that money but uh yeah it is crazy money to to hear that that a team that was
probably 10 years ago worth 150 million exactly so here i just pulled it up national hockey league
franchise values in 2023 this was at the start of last season leafs were the highest at 2.8 that's
what they were valued at and then all the way down i want to say they're like 10th uh tab bay
lightning 1.25 billion so even in that
short amount of time now you'd imagine that you talked about the real estate and everything around
there that's what's probably bumped it up as part of this deal but it seems like majority of these
teams now it's a real estate play along with buying a franchise and that's what's getting
these things to astronomical numbers where if there's no real estate play people ain't even
really that interested so just remarkable to hear that the tampi lightning might go for around that
number i feel like if they do if they do sell um and and that's the number i think you're gonna see
several teams be sold in the near future and i think that all of a sudden you're gonna see owners
like this is just such ridiculous profit we would have from what we paid for these teams.
Would you be surprised if the Carolina Hurricanes were sold?
I mean, that Tom Dundon, he's just straight up in that thing to make money, I believe, the way he's approached for.
I have no idea, actually.
Gee, maybe you can look that up.
Probably a couple hundred.
It's more about seeing what people are willing to pay.
The private equity thing is nuts.
And I know that on August 13th, the Hurricanes were valued at 980 million.
If Tampa goes for 2 billion, I mean, that valuation is ridiculous then.
So the private equity thing is nuts, especially with the NFL, where I believe they
have made it clear in the NFL, I don't know the percentage they can own, but there has
to be one person that owns 51.
So I don't know if that means private equity could own the other 49, but that's going to
change the game in these equity and these funds, like looking to get into the sports
ownership game and create revenue off that and create basically an investment
that looks like you're not going to lose any money.
The other thing I think about...
We ruined the housing market.
It's time to move to sports teams.
But also, if the Lightning sell for 2 billion,
what the hell is the expansion fee going to be
for the next two teams that come into the league?
Because you saw it hop up to, I believe,
was it 800 that Seattle had to pay?
I think it was 850 they paid.
Or maybe it was 650 for Vegas,
and then it bumped up to, I believe,
you said 800,
and then I think you have to consider Utah
at the billion-dollar tag.
So I think right now,
I think if Houston and Atlanta are coming in,
you're,
you're looking at between a billion and 1.2.
Oh,
yeah.
Maybe even more,
maybe even more.
If the owners are like,
Hey,
you want in,
you're paying for it.
Look at what all these other teams are worth.
So Seattle was actually at six,
fifth Seattle was at 650 million.
And then that means Vegas was probably probably at 500 so i was off they
were they were 500 so what a deal dude how about foley's laughing now oh he's laughing he's laughing
another thing i got a kick out of this is this is on a personal note i received some tweets
apparently like i don't know i don't think it's fox sports pittsburgh anymore but whatever the
the the channel that posts Penguins games in Pittsburgh,
they were showing an old game when I was on the team. We were playing Dallas and it was the dad's
trip. And I only had the picture sent to me, but Dan Potash was interviewing my dad in the box
during the game. And it was in Dallas. And my dad's mentioning how we had gone over the day
before to the site of where JFK was killed and assassinated.
And my dad said on the broadcast,
I don't even know if Ryan knows that JFK is dead.
So I did get it.
I wish I could see the clip of that,
but he's just chirping me during the game.
Very funny chirp.
So I got a kick out of that one.
Which brings us full circle on the fact that you went through that list
a few weeks ago of JFK's murder and the similarities it had to...
And I didn't even know he was dead, according to my dad.
Oh, kind of a sad story that maybe you'll see some positivity from.
Everyone remembers Adam Johnson was killed
with a skate to his neck over in England.
Horrible, heartbreaking story.
Well, the news broke that the American Hockey League
Board of Governors
unanimously approved
that mandatory cut-resistant
neck protection
will be necessary
for the upcoming season.
I think we talked a lot about
maybe the NHL someday doing that.
And one of those things
where people saw that story,
it was such a headline story
just out of the game of hockey it
was everywhere and i think a lot of people are like wait why don't nhl players wear neck guards
you saw i thought more guys would what you noticed after the death of adam johnson was a lot of older
guys with kids started wearing them um and i think yep uh kopitar did um tj oshie has the the war road thing and and the and the
shirt the shirts he sells with the protection for the wrists as well maybe someday it will be
mandatory in the nhl i wouldn't be surprised it seems that a lot of things that start in the ahl
end up moving moving upwards to the national hockey league it. It's just something as a former player, guys are so not in tune,
but just comfortable with how they're set up in their gear
that they're just as crazy as it sounds.
They look at it like it's such a fluke,
which it really is,
that I'm almost willing to make this risk
because it was that much of a fluke.
But I'm happy to see the AHL do that.
I think maybe it is different being
a parent now. I know right after that, I got my son Ryder one of those neck, he has a Bauer one.
And it's just one of those things where now you'll see the AHL do it. Same with the visors,
where guys are so used to wearing it that they go up and they don't switch, right? And the league
ended up doing visors in the AHL mandatory. Now they're mandatory in the NHL.
Maybe neck protection is the next step.
I don't know if either one of you have an opinion on that.
I think, well, they're also making it look a little bit cooler too
and like a little bit more like compression wear
and just like a sleeker aerodynamic.
So guys are not as hesitant to throw it on.
And the more guys that do, and as its grandfather,
just like it was visors, I think it on and the more guys that do and as its grandfather just like it was visors
i think it'll become the norm now yans i want to say that somebody on our team when we were in
arizona got cut and you know you you used to dress a certain way but then you started adding the ones
around your ankle to your to your like dress up routine right like the kevlar yeah so i used to
wear the before they had the socks i used
to wear the ones that they had for the wrist on my achilles uh and then obviously the ones on the
wrist too because i've been even in florida like jonathan huberdo had an achilles thing and it was
just like it might have been around the time when um carlson got uh the achilles so it was one of
those things where you know in in the sock you're not really feeling it, right?
The neck guard, I'm sure it will take guys some getting used to.
But like you said, you start in the in the age with those and then it'll just be second nature for these kids.
And you think all the kids coming up now that are 15, 16, 17 years old, they're all going to be wearing them.
So in 10 years, everyone in the NHL is going to be wearing them.
I like what was the guy in Montreal that used to wear the turtleneck placanics placanic yeah like i always thought he
looked sick with the turtleneck but like you know wasn't i wasn't cool enough to wear something like
that so you know i think it's one of those things like you said they make it look good um you know
it's not affecting the guys it's not not making their equipment heavier. And it's ultimately, at the end of the day, hopefully going to save someone's life.
And a terrible story would happen.
But the NHL taking initiative and making the younger guys wear those, I think it shows the younger kids too that anyone can wear it.
Who's on the first-line, all-time nhl turtleneck team
plecanic yashin used to wear a pretty filthy way
did he i think wayne wayne had the one with like his own symbol on it remember he had like it was
like him it was kind of like the jordan symbol that was style yeah i think he's yeah he had like it was like him it was kind of like the jordan some of that was style yeah i think
yeah he had a he had a king's one at one point yeah i don't i don't think he ever wore the
turtleneck until he got to la i don't i don't think like back then they used to wear those
like old school the blue like the blue undergarments that were 100 cotton they used to be
about 300 pounds after the game like a goddamn weight weight vest. Some guys used to go commando.
I don't know how guys would go nothing.
And he used to, Jovo.
Jovo, no socks.
No socks.
Nothing over.
He just wore the holder.
The beanbag holder.
Yeah, that's it.
I just made up Guy Carbonneau. I just Googled him. I'm not even close to a turtleneck on. No, that's it. I just made up Guy Carboneau.
I just Googled him.
I'm not even close to a turtleneck on.
No, that was a good try.
Any other famous turtleneck guys from the NHL that we're missing?
The little guy in Montreal after him, he used to have the white Reebok skates.
Was it Day-Arne?
He wore one for a little bit.
Yeah, I remember there like a clip of sean
thornton chirping him he's like he's like you can't wear that well actually that kind of leads
into the the next thing that we had written down is is the the cover boys of nhl 25 all three hughes
brothers do you not feel like at least jack could be rocking a turtleneck like jack hughes the way
he plays could pull off a turtleneck so 100 Jack Hughes, the way he plays, could pull off a turtleneck. So could Quinn.
Luke's a little bigger,
so you don't necessarily picture it as much.
But what an amazing thing.
Three brothers in the NHL is one thing.
They're all nasty, which is ridiculous.
And now they're on the cover of a video game
the rest of their lives.
Pretty cool to see those three guys,
two of them on the same team,
get to be on the cover of the video game this year. I not a gamer i don't think any of us are but that's like
big news when the cover athlete pops up and the game pops up you're seeing all the new things that
they've added ea sports whatever it is do you see the contest they're running they're doing like a
golden ticket case and the winner gets a turkey baster full of the old man's jizz so they could
just create another NHL.
It's like a 100 million win right there.
He's like, bend over, honey.
I thought
the coolest thing about that, going back to the
parents, is in that
picture, there's two empty stalls
and one of the stalls says the dad's name
and the other stall says the mom's name.
That's amazing. That's where they're going to do it.
Yeah, that's where they'll impregnate the... Yeah, that's amazing. That's where they're going to do it. Yeah, that's where they'll impregnate
the... Yeah, that's awesome. That's pretty
cool. That's great. You get a video game
and then you get a couple NHL kids coming
out of your wife's vagina a few months later.
That's amazing. So EA
is just so innovative and
a great contest. They're doing that for the
Hughes family and
boys, yeah, that's... EA Sports.
EA. Oh Sports. EA.
EA. Another thing.
Were you guys Oasis fans?
Oh, yeah.
They're coming back together.
I mean, just an amazing story, I guess, of two brothers who truly despised one another.
I mean, we're talking hatred.
This is like Hamas, Israel type shit.
Everyone said they would never,
ever reunite.
And I'm guessing that they see the money.
They had to have seen the money signs because biz,
I remember Jeff mentioned to us once,
like what they've been offered to just tour again together.
And the news,
each of them,
I think it's probably worth well over a hundred million.
So no need for them to have to ever work another day in their life, especially with how stubborn both of them are.
I don't know who spited the one and how the whole feud began, but like you said, they must be seeing Taylor Swift touring, Zach Bryan, Morgan Wallen, and seeing the fact that they're getting paid like 2-3 million a night per show.
and seeing the fact that they're getting paid like 2-3 million a night per show.
And in Taylor Swift's case with the merchandise,
she's probably making 10-15-20 per show.
I mean, the Yans would know
because he's going with his girls
because they run his show.
But I want to say,
I think that they've already fully sold out
80,000 seat stadium for 10-12 shows.
Like that.
So right away, they're going to're gonna make 20 30 million pop for for
a couple weeks worth of work so uh i love oasis the bangers are incredible like i feel like uh
a lot of people online think that they're one of the more overrated bands of all time but they put
out two great albums and shut her down like they didn't release a ton of bullshit so um you know all those gen z wankers
can fuck off and uh oasis rocks i heard i heard the uh the pardon my take guys talking about it
and they were saying like this tour might last one day yeah they said as soon as they have to
get on an airplane it might be over they were like if they can take separate cars it might be
all right but if they're on the same airplane together, done.
This could be like a murder on stage.
Like, you're like, the one
brother who really hates the one, maybe
more, he's like, I'll get back together with you,
then I'll fucking shoot you in the head
right in front of the London Derby or whatever.
Like, who knows how this plays out.
Like Carrie at the prom.
People talk about
Wonderwall. I mean, i'm more like the champagne
supernova oh yeah how many special people change how many lives are living strange
so hey you know who sings that song unbelievable is Mark Goon and the kid who was singing the other night.
Oh, that kid.
This guy, Biz, was singing Bob Marley.
And if you shut your eyes, you would have believed you were sitting on a beach in Jamaica
and Bob Marley came back to life and was sitting there singing as you drank a Red Stripe.
I couldn't believe it.
I'm talking where we had six guys at one end of the table and then the six
wives were at the other end of the table and everyone
out there, every guy listening, knows
that is the best thing in the world. When you
go for a big couple's dinner and then
it's just the guys on one side and the girls on the other,
it's like a guy's dinner. It's incredible.
Even the girls in the midst of their
spilling tea and talking and hanging out,
they stopped and looked
and thought Bob Marley was sitting there singing
to us. It was incredible.
And I believe he works for a school.
Is he a teacher?
Juan.
Juan.
Sanitation.
White guy?
Yeah.
Irish right off the boat. His mom's off the boat from Ireland.
I'm going to get him to send me a recording
and then we're going to put it in the pod,
I think.
Like,
it's that good.
Can he make us an intro song?
Like a Spittin' Chicklets intro song
that sounds like Bob Marley,
but it's a special Spittin' Chicklets version,
man.
Yes.
Yeah,
yeah.
I like that,
because that'll just chill everyone out
on Tuesday mornings.
Another thing I'd written down is a different sport but can i go back to the dinner what what did the guys talk about at a dinner like that compared to the girls like the girls are just
gossiping about yeah no they're just like shooting the shit about like different things and like who
knows we're not listening but the guys we're just telling all the same stories that we tell to each
other every time we get together.
It's incredible.
Yeah.
I was telling a story about a kid I played at BU with,
this kid David Klima.
I believe he was drafted by the Phoenix Coyotes.
He's from Roseville, Minnesota.
Incredible player, Biz.
I know the name.
Big, could skate, unreal hands, vision.
I wouldn't say his dedication was at the highest level.
And I remember at one point, Jack parker legendary coach of bu hockey he was the kid was out injured and like we're doing like
battle drills down low and the whistle blows and he's like klima and i'm like klima i thought he
was injured and we look over the bench he's throwing a football to himself like throwing
it up in the air and like running and catching it. And I was just like, what the fuck's Klima doing?
Another time, he totally missed a meeting.
We had a video meeting in which the coaches with the lights off carving him for a back check.
He's like, what the fuck are you thinking here, Klima?
And this kid, Justin Meisner, is like, sorry about that, coach.
And just unbelievable cover job by an all-time teammate, Meisner.
And we go back to the dorm.
We're like, Klim dorm. We fly into the
room. He looks at us. Where
you guys been, boys? We had a meeting.
He was playing Snood. He
became addicted to the game Snood.
You remember that game, Biz?
Unbelievable. So we were just telling
old stories. I guarantee 90
of the stories we told
each other, and it was about a three, four-hour dinner.
We put in a shift.
We've heard all of them play the hats numerous times play the hits baby it was like an oasis reunion tour without a murder speaking of singers remember we
went to that one restaurant in florida where i told i tried to do the story justice where i'm
like this guy's incredible i was dancing and vibing the entire dinner.
I go, I bet you these people love this guy.
And Yan's like, I bet they hate his guts.
And I'm like, what?
I'm like, this guy's incredible up there.
They have to listen to this guy every single day.
But this guy was up there owning it like he was the biggest celebrity on the planet.
So we were calling over every server and worker in the restaurants and every person.
I was like, hey, you guys must love this guy.
And Yans was teeing it up.
And he's like, what do you actually think of this guy?
And they're like, we despise this guy.
And he's big wheeling them all too.
Oh, he's big timing them?
Oh, yeah.
He thought he was Ricky Martin.
He's a star.
It was so bad. What was the... we got to go back there man that's my favorite joint it was great oh and then i called your buddy the wrong name so now you now they call him that name
what do i what did i call him you call them jason and what's his name jeff oh okay well that's not too bad hey you had the j right um no so uh other sport news
just quickly like i i always talked about how mcdavid was better at his sport than anyone else
was at their sport in the world i take it back now this shohei otani is like i'm tuning into
late night dodgers games to watch this guy. He became the sixth player in major league baseball history to have 40
stolen bases and 40 home runs in a season.
The other night he hit a walk off grand slam to get his 40th home run.
He's about six,
four,
six,
five.
He's like the fact he has 40 stolen bases and he's that fast,
that big,
not to mention biz,
as everyone knows he pitches, but he had, I think Tom, Tommy John or something where he's that fast that big not to mention biz as everyone knows he pitches
but he had i think tom tommy john or something where he's not pitching this year but i think he
is the greatest at his sport on the planet right now like it is must watch tv watching him and the
contract he got and then the fact that like the whole gambling thing with his handler like he
100 had something to do with that and the league's like uh no no this one's going away it'd be like mcdavid playing goalie some
nights like the way that he's a batter and like the fact that he is a player and a picture a
pitcher is insane but but also like one of the league's best pitchers too right he's an yes yes
it would be like him being swayman it'd
be like mcdavid being swayman in his fucking off nights yeah just like i'll go i'll go in between
the the pipes tonight um now he also has the chance to become the first ever 50 50 guy so
that that could happen before the end of the season nobody's ever had 50 stolen bases and 50
dingers in a year i just think it's crazy that he's able to completely eliminate all the distractions
of the fact that he was involved in the legal gambling ring and then go back to just producing
the way that he was before the injury.
And another thing too, since we're mentoring the home runs, you got to talk about Aaron
Judge.
He's got 10 more and he's at this rapid pace where, I mean, he's worth every cent too.
And just a stallion just a
beast he's a monster megatron so that's pretty much it we had the sandbagger come out too i know
i talked about the youtube channel at the beginning of the pod those guys were over yeah those guys
were what'd you think of the bagger i thought it was i mean it was entertaining but they oh my god
the lingo was insane.
Yeah, the leftist theories.
It was like an OHL locker room.
The one clip of all the puns put together, I was like, oh my God, because we didn't even
hear half of them.
They're in their cart.
It was a very, I would say, mixed reaction.
I ran into a guy today at Pure Hockey who was raving about it.
He worked there.
He actually said hi to Wyatt first, and I was like, he's like, oh, I was his counselor at camp. I was likeaving about it he worked there he actually said hi to wyatt first and i was like
he's like oh i was his counselor at camp i was like how was he he's like menace i said okay well
that's standard and then the guy at the end was like unbelievable sandbagger and then there were
people that that heat daddy pisses off and heat daddy's just he's one of those guys right he gets
a reaction out of you whether positive or or negative. He's a polarizing
figure. I've never seen any of their stuff.
I didn't know who they were.
It would have been hilarious if Daniel Cormier
threw him in a chokehold or something.
That was pretty funny how some UFC
guys were out there just playing while
you guys were playing. And they wanted to go
us. They wanted to play us. I think they mentioned
so biz. Maybe we get a UFC bagger in the books.
I don't know.
Oh, yeah.
And then our fans will be all over us again.
Why don't you get hockey players?
Hockey players are busy.
It's not like we're not trying.
Why doesn't every fan listening send spitting chiclets at BarstoolSports.com
or Grinnell at BarstoolSports.com who you want us to play in a sandbagger?
Okay?
Because you're bitching and
whining we're trying we're trying our hardest there are many people with many plans throughout
the summer it's not easy but we're trying lay off to me i'm starving to mention in the nhl like
all your weekends are guys that you play with weddings i know you're in the nhl and like guys
you're at that age you guys get married, your summers are so condensed.
It's tough to get guys out there.
Do older guys then maybe.
I don't know.
I think we might have a few older guys in London, Ontario.
We're going to get one there.
There's rumblings that Darcy Tucker might be in the mix.
That would be a fun one.
Prost is in London.
Robbie Schrempf. That would be another guy.
But folks, it was great having you on board.
Smooth as butter.
We love having you, your humor.
So we appreciate you joining us in the Boston pod today.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
Always a pleasure.
We're hoping for maybe a monthly maybe guest appearance by Keith this season.
You know, we're talking about having some reoccurring guests in a certain way.
Keith's the best. We thank you so much, bud.
We loved having you on.
This was a really fun show.
I hope you enjoyed us three
talking nonsense along with Charlie Coyle,
the professional he is. I hope everyone
has a phenomenal week. Biz has one more thing
for you. The last thing is it's going to
be a week off next week for WIT.
I'm going to hop on and just direct traffic a little thing is it's going to be a week off next week for wit i'm going to hop on and just direct traffic a little bit it's going to be a best of summer we had a lot of amazing interviews we're going to hop on with you buddy i can hop hey well
fucking there you go i shot you a text i didn't know whether you wanted it off to enjoy your
final week with family before the chaos ensues but i will see you on wednesday we'll get the
pre-recording done out and we guys will get a best of next week,
and it'll be great.
For all you people who took a little bit of time off,
it'll just be a little synopsis of all the amazing stories
that we capture with our awesome guests all summer long,
and then it's off and running
with the seasonal divisional breakdowns, baby.
Yeehaw!
All right.
Keith, love you.
Biz, love you.
Love you, boys.
Everyone, peace. Go Dawgs. Keith love you biz love you everyone peace
go dogs
they say a drunken speech
is just so good
I like to poke the bear
I like to poke the bear I like to stir the pot
But then you come on in
And take it up a notch
You hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot
A cheap shot
I think she needs a detox to cleanse her mind.
Another week rolls in.
We're on the road again.
Thought I was safe and sound in my minivan.
That I was safe and sound in my minivan But I said something that crossed the line
When I know she felt it
Someone said she could have a free one on the chain
She went below the bell, shit
She had me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
She hit me with a cheap shot, a cheap shot
I think we need a deep talk
You've been so on time
