Hey Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is Boston Sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby.
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Missonette, R.A., Mike Grinnelli, Spittin' Chicklets!
What is up, folks?
Welcome to episode 526 of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Myself, along with Paul Biznasty B Bizcinette, are here with the season begun.
It has begun.
It's not about to begin, Biz.
It has begun over in Europe.
The Devils, I believe, are a wagon.
The Sabres don't look great.
They got some injury troubles.
But quickly, this is all presented by New Amsterdam's own
Pink Whitney-flavored vodka.
Pink lemonade-flavored vodka, the number one drink
for all seasons, all sports, all
get togethers.
Everyone loves they got the new bottles.
Now I got one sent to me.
Don't know if those are out yet.
Very exciting.
We got the pink tops on the little nips now.
That may sound inflammatory, but we're just talking about little shooters you can have.
Pink Whitney is also doing a little contest.
They'll be selecting one winner, one grand prize winner and sending them and a few of
their friends on a trip to Nashville, Tennessee.
That's right.
Nashville, Tennessee for a weekend of Pink Whitney filled fun.
Pink Whitney will also be selecting 11 contest winners
that will receive limited edition Pink Whitney Western merch.
All they have to do is follow the prompts online.
Sweep takes and contests will be open from now until
December 15th. Go to PinkWhitney.com
slash Nashville to learn more.
Pink Whitney's where it's at. This podcast is because
of Pink Whitney in New Amsterdam. We want to thank
them so much and thank all you guys for getting
involved with the big old bottle. The one
point. The big old bottle. And
Witty boy, Witty, you know
it's the NHL season and it has arrived
when Pasha is talking mad shit in the group chat again,
thinking these New Jersey Devils are going to hoist Lord Stanley 2-0 overseas.
He did look very nice.
Very, very nice.
And Merle, he sends the text.
Oh, Jack Hughes, no points.
Wait, you got 81?
Yeah, he gets two apples.
Shut up, Mer.
Stop mushing me, Mer. Stop mushing me, Murr.
Stop mushing me.
But the Devils look great.
But Biz, new song today.
New song today.
We got to say thank you to Small Town Strip Club.
We do.
We do.
We had a nice run with those guys.
I remember they submitted that song, and then we were taking those phone calls with those
voicemails at Minahan's office.
And then we ended up having a new theme song.
And we think year over year,
we're probably going to change them
and snap around the love to up-and-coming artists
and a little bit of a little more chill tune coming in.
And this is actually a band me and my buddies have invested in.
Tyson Berry is a part of that.
Ryan O'Reilly as well.
And the band's called Tenfei.
They're from overseas over in England.
And that song
is called another way i love their tunes uh they just released their third album or it's coming out
very shortly they have two that are already out that are awesome front to back so uh like i said
the tune's called another way that'll be our song for the season and since we have so many morning
commuters with it's a little bit of a lighter tone maybe not coming in with that small town strip club like banging anthem in your fucking eardrum so people can ease into the podcast and
ease into their day in their commute uh with that one another way we're screaming at each other i
guess what do you mean well you know me and you just sometimes go back and forth and we can oh
yeah get somebody's tuesday morning off to a bang sometimes. I remember that Detroit Ottawa kerfuffle we had last year.
I believe we didn't speak for a couple days after that argument.
That's true.
But that's the game of hockey.
It's back.
It's exciting.
We have a great episode in store for you guys.
We're going to talk about the Amazon series inside the NHL, face-off inside the NHL, which I was blown away about.
We had Daniel Amagon on, who was the showrunner for the show.
We got him.
We got Ryan Reeves in an awesome interview with us
before the season a couple weeks back.
And the dog, Nathan McKinnon.
Join us.
Very, very special episode for you.
We are so excited that hockey's back.
I cannot believe it's back.
Quickly, G, want to shout out all the people who've
gotten involved with the Breast Cancer Awareness Merch. That sweatshirt came out phenomenal. I
love all of it. So I don't know, did you get some numbers? Did we get some good buys?
Yeah, we're moving some gear, boys. I think we've raised almost around 10K so far. So keep buying.
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. We have partnered with Breasties. It's a foundation that was massive in helping my fiance, Alana, and myself.
100 of net proceeds go to Breasties, which is awesome.
So help us write them a huge check at the end of the month.
And the merch is awesome, boys.
It's not bad at all.
I tell you what, Whit, this guy's growing up before our eyes.
Mikey Grinnelli, isn't he?
It's wild.
Year over year.
I couldn't even get a normal haircut
when i first met him now he's raising money for breast cancer he's owns a place in hoboken i mean
what has happened to our friend mike grinelli he's really on top of that on top of that his uh his
main man jeremy swayman has finally locked in with the bees now before you go back behind the scenes
here g you got to be over the moon ecstatic
at the fact that it seemed like last week
you thought a trade was going to be imminent
on the chaos that was involved
in the relationship between Jeremy Swayman
and the Boston Bruins and where they were at
as far as contract negotiations.
Yeah, I was crying at the end of last episode
and people might have thought it was because
of the breast cancer stuff.
It was 100 because of the Jeremy Swayman stuff.
I was in full panic mode,
but we're on to brighter and greener pastures now.
Now we can focus on the things that matter.
Who's going to play that second line right wing?
Elias Lindholm, we finally got our one center.
We got the biggest D core in the league.
Charlie McAvoy is the smallest one, and he's a brick shit house.
So I'm loving being a Bruins fan right now.
It kind of sucks.
It took this long to get to this point at 8.25.
That's it.
But Bruins Nation is happy.
No trades happening.
We got our goalie.
Now it's time for a cup run with somebody with no skin in the game.
Bravo to the Boston Bruins.
Jeremy Swayman, his agent on creating so much anticipation for this NHL season.
Last year, we had the drama to kick things off,
and then this year, I really feel like not only with this Amazon series,
but all that drama with Swayman and what was going on
really got everybody engaged early, and we're off to a hot, hot start.
Now, Witt, I'll throw it back over to you.
8.25 is the number.
What do you think about everything that transpired?
Well, it was madness.
It was chaos.
And it was a soap opera that nobody in the world was enjoying more than Biz.
I mean, Biz must have had 400 tweets about this.
Just laughing, living it up.
Just he couldn't get enough of it.
I think he truly wanted it just to never get
solved. And he was like, there's no drama in Leafs land. I'm just laughing at the Bruins.
My tweet this morning when I found out the news, we're recording on Sunday, but
I'm just shocked when you see this number that it took this long and it got this public and this
nasty when you end up seeing the final deal. It's like, I could have seen that in June,
right? It's just odd. And a lot of people responded, that's because he wanted 9.25. And it's like, well, the team wanted a lot less. And they ended up finally kind of coming somewhere in the middle. I was very surprised. I didn't read all the comments in my tweet, but a lot of overpayment kind of comments. And I just don't agree with that. With the cap going up and up and up,
you're telling me in three years that that deal is not going to be, I mean, more than fair to
player and team. And actually, here's a nice stat. Jeremy Swayman, 25 years old, will eat up 9.35
of the 88 million cap this season. Tuukka Rask at 26 26 when he signed his eight year deal for 7 million
ate up 10.9 of the
64.3 million dollar cap.
So granted. Okay, time
out. How many
years and how many games had
Rask played to that point? I was just going to say that.
I was just going to say that.
I was just going to say that.
So I understand why people may think
it's an overpayment. I personally don't because I
think this kid is that good. I think he's that special. So if you haven't watched the Bruins
play a ton and you didn't see the first and second round this year, I get it. It's like,
well, he hasn't played that much. He's never been the true number one. I totally understand.
I just think that this guy is a true Vesna Cup trophy winner.
I think he can end up being one of the top five goalies in the league.
So it's more about me thinking that he's this good that it ends up being a bargain at some
point.
If you're not sold on him, which I get, then yeah, you could be a little bit of an overpayment.
But put it this way, with how hard the Bruins fought this, they obviously believe it too.
They weren't going to end up
handing this over if they didn't believe it. It took a long way to get here and it took a lot of
arguments and disagreements, but they're not handing this out unless they believe in them
as well. So people are talking about trade. The Bruins wanted them and they signed them.
And now you wonder, will there be beef that continues and lingers between the two?
I don't think so.
I think this is the business side.
I think this is the game.
And yeah, you probably always, if you're Swayman or Sweeney, are a little pissed off.
But buddy, if you win games, all is forgotten.
That's all that matters.
Well, and I think that they basically paid a little bit extra for that arbitration.
And I was talking to Elliot Freeman,
who obviously had everything going back and forth from the beginning on this,
as did you wit.
And he made a good comment.
He goes,
you never take a star player to arbitration.
Now I get that they might not have been in a,
in a,
a normal situation,
given the fact that all Mark and him were splitting the net and maybe didn't
believe that they had a star at
that time to the level of which they would have just handed over the money that he ended up getting.
I just think in the way that they handled it with arbitration, and I don't want to say mentally
fucked him, but maybe said some of the things that they said that he took personal. I think
they definitely cost themselves an extra half a million per year because it seems like he was holding on to these
things in which they said in arbitration so i just i mean moving forward you would assume that other
teams would take elliot friedman's advice and essentially saying don't don't burn bridges there
because they're going to have you by the balls by the time the contract comes up for negotiation now
i was shocked when eight times eight couldn't get it done i
thought that if that would have that would have been where the bruins were going to stay and then
it ended up leaking into the season i would have had no problems uh being on the b side with that
one now people are going to say oh players podcast uh you know why would you ever fucking root for
for an organization especially like boston where they've kind of, you know, they've made their money on, on underpaying guys throughout the course of their whole, their whole existence.
Now, I just felt that at a certain point, the pendulum would have to swing in their favor
based on the fact that not only is he restricted, but he'd only played 132 games. So with them
offering eight times eight with, with that sample size and sharing the net
and mind you we've went over this time and time again a number which goalies are getting like uh
the ceroses the hellebucks that have played 60 games year over year we haven't seen that from
swayman yet so we've yet to see him being handed the reins to that magnitude yet ceros is making
under that amount of money with the same numbers with a
with a bigger workload and not being restricted so when he was holding out at eight times eight
I switched my opinion to being on the course of the team side I might have even if I was Sweeney
Cam Neely and the bees I probably would have stayed at eight times eight and let this port over now going over to what
G's comments were before we hopped on maybe Corposalo's game the other night led them to
give a buck up and pay them the extra 250 grand per year but ultimately they end up at the 66
million number where I don't think it's an overpay I just think that a lot of people online didn't
understand the leverage that the bees had and him being restricted and a lack of sample size.
That's all where I was at and why I would have stayed firm at eight times eight.
But I'm very happy that this got done.
We got the drama and all the excitement out of it that we needed.
Now let's just play some hockey and he can go on to enjoying himself with all of his millions.
Do you agree
with where I'm at? Biz, I totally agree with you that once they did get to the eight times eight,
I was like, oh, fuck. Buddy, this might be time. You got your 64 million. You haven't done that
much to prove it. You've played awesome at certain times, specifically in the playoffs,
but they reached eight times eight. But credit to him, he got another 2 million, right?
And my final thought on this is,
you better play some fucking good hockey now, Jeremy.
Or you can call him by his first name now.
I love him. I love this guy. I don't even know him,
but I'm a big fan of him, and we'll get into this Amazon show,
but you'll learn a lot more about him.
And it's hard without even knowing him, not being a fan after you see him in this show.
But you know Fanbase is busy.
You know the high-paid guys, the pressure's on.
And it's probably hard without Camp.
He mentioned his press conference, not too worried about missing Camp.
And I don't know exactly where he's been skating and whatnot but you now have a big... With Bergeron.
With Bergeron and apparently Bergeron's
coming back this year. That's just what the
rumor boys are cooking up. Nice.
We had that one last year. We were just a little early
then. We were a little early on that.
fans see...
By the way, it's not a holdout
if you don't have a contract. That's
not really necessarily the right term that you could use for this.
But fancy players not in camp and hear and see numbers that they're turning down,
and they get bitter about it, and they get disgusted by it, which I totally get.
So you better play well.
You better show up and do your job because the fan base will be loud if he doesn't.
I think he'll be great.
I think it'll be great. I
think it'll be no problem. Maybe at the beginning, it's a little tough, but by the end of the year,
if you don't think Swayman's going to be dialed in with this defense he has in front of you,
I think you're crazy. And for Grinnelli and the rest of Bruins fans, it's just a relief because
if this were going into the season, it's such a sideshow that you win a game and you're getting asked about, oh, Swayman rumors out.
It's like it's just stuff that a team like Boston has never dealt with.
They've never really had to deal with like outside distractions.
They're so laser focused.
They have such a tight unit in their room.
And now they just get to go go about their business and figure out a way to try to get a Stanley Cup.
And they've had some great regular seasons, and the playoffs have been tough.
So I'm excited for Swayman and the Bruins
to see what kind of team they got.
And my understanding, too, is I think that G actually talked
to Elliott Friedman this morning.
Swayman was a big reason why this ended up getting over the finish line.
Now, I'm not sure if the agent who has been known to,
and I don't know him personally, but with the Nylander situation,
maybe things were not getting delivered to Nylander exactly as they were being presented
by the Leafs.
That delayed that.
It ended up finally getting-
That seems like rumors to me, dude.
I think it's crazy.
Do you really think he was getting deals sent to him from Dubas with Nylander and then not
telling Nylander?
No, but what I'm saying though is if Cam Neely at the press conference is saying 64 million, said to him from dubious with neilander and they're not telling neilander no i think but i'm
but i'm saying though is if cam neely at the press conference is saying 64 million clearly they could
have been a time where all of them could have got on a phone and had a deeper longer discussion
i think that they were basically bitter about the arbitration um the agent was carrying swayman's
emotions and obviously representing his player where buddy the relationship obviously
wasn't that good with the way that everything transpired if if a podcast is coming out with
behind the scenes information as to why things aren't getting done and then they go three weeks
of radio silence in the summertime the relationship is not actually all sunshine and rainbows right
so I feel that if it would have been and that's why I said Bruins had
to, in my opinion, had to pay a tax on bringing him to arbitration and saying the things that
they said, that that's it. I think that if they would have never brought him to arb and none of
that would have happened, I think that they might've even got them under eight. So it just
seems like those emotions had carried over. And then finally, with probably all the fans seeing
this Amazon series, and we'll get into this with probably all the fans seeing this amazon series
and we'll get into this uh with the showrunner daniel as you mentioned i just think that he was
probably finally like you know what 8.25 maybe it's not the mcavoy contract maybe it's not the
875 or 8.5 that we are hoping to drag this out to let's just get it for the 66 million and let's let
let bygones be bygones and move on as we can
do the same here.
So congratulations to him.
As you said, I'm a big fan, especially seeing that behind the scenes.
Seems like he's got a great head on his shoulders and the type of guy you want in that leading
an original six organization like the Boston Bruins.
So stick taps to him.
Hopefully we can get them on and we won't bring up any of the bs that happened over the last two three months we'll just focus on all the positives like my leaf spanking
them come regular season and playoffs and you talked about him winning a vesna he'll be finishing
runner up behind my boy joseph wall okay we'll go with that we'll go with that shut up is so okay
uh in other goaltending news on on the other coast of the United States.
Oh, necktap boy.
Necktap boy.
Yaroslav Askarov traded for by the San Jose Sharks and then signed to a two-year, 4 million contract, was sent down to the minors.
Kind of shocking.
Now, apparently, there was a little bit of a lower body injury that might have affected him during camp.
So that could have a big part of this.
And this guy, there's no way this guy's in the minors all year.
But still surprising news considering when he let Nashville know
he wanted to be traded, it was under the premise,
like I'm done in the AHL.
I've kind of proven what I needed to prove.
I'm ready to be a full-time NHL goalie.
And now San Jose's like, hold your horses.
Now he's going to be playing for the Barracuda in front of 50 people every night.
Have you ever seen those A's?
How many people were watching the Sharks?
Fuck.
Last year.
Hey, a little fun fact.
That's where I played my last AHL game.
My last game of pro hockey where I tore my second ACL in front of 65 people in a building that you could hear a
pin drop. That was it, buddy. Nobody gave a fuck. Nobody even noticed. And I just left the ice and
it was all she wrote. Torn ACL, soggy sub after, hop on the bus and the podcast began, bro.
That's it, man. Good for you. Thank God for that ACL being so tight and weak.
So he probably, like you said, he won't be down there long maybe just a little bit of conditioning give him the
net when he heals from this lower body injury too much fucking in camp and uh hopefully you can get
back to his winning ways man because a a lot of a lot of drama for a guy who hasn't played that
many nhl games he's taking a page out of swaywayman's book. Yeah, I was just surprised to see. Now, I don't know how much that injury kind of affected him or
had something to do with this decision, but I was excited to see him this year and with all those
other young guys they got. And I don't know what's going on on the injury front on that team, but
it is a team that I'm looking forward to watch play when I wouldn't have watched him last year
in my backyard if there was a rink back there.
So it's a different time in San Jose, but we'll see what happens.
He couldn't have been pleased.
He could not have been pleased.
But I'll tell you who was pleased were hockey fans around the globe in watching this series from Amazon.
And this show, I didn't know what to expect. When we get to the interview, I said to Danny, I was kind of hoping for like 24-7 the way HBO did those
behind-the-winner classic shows, and I think it shits on them.
I think that the footage, and they're very similar,
but it's just like how lucky they got having McDavid involved
and Kachuk involved and them going to the finals
and Nylander involved and then being in the beef on the bench with Marner and,
and Matthews and just all the,
and Swayman's involved in this,
in this,
in this season and,
and these episodes.
And then he had this whole storyline come out after I was obsessed with
watching.
I,
the show was finishing up.
I didn't want it to end as an Oilers fan.
If there's so much in depth,
like footage of Connor Mc McDavid. And you see there is no act to this. This guy and a lot of these guys you'll see, Forsberg, similar in Nashville, they just live it. There's. They got their trainers. They have their body work people that are coming over. And you have footage of it all.
And you get to hear these guys talking about different feelings they're going through.
And I just can't recommend it enough.
It is very cool that we're involved.
I had no idea, Biz, that you're actually on there on camera talking a lot about it.
I didn't even know either.
I was during that bender at the end of the season.
I totally forgot about it.
I didn't even mention it to you guys.
But as I say when we're talking to Daniel, we're so grateful to be a part of it.
And I guess my overall sentiments before we send it over is I feel like hockey is in such an amazing place right now.
And it's finally getting the eyeballs that it deserves, along with all these young up-and-coming superstars that are allowing themselves to be a little bit more vulnerable and giving networks like Amazon, TNT, ESPN more and more access in order to grow.
So it's just amazing to see.
And I can't wait to see what's in the future after seeing this unbelievable six part series
in which, like you said, they really covered it all.
And the fact that they were able to get lucky enough
to capture Nylander and Pasta in one episode together
in which they have a history of being friends
when they played together in Sweden,
when Pasta moved over to play as a young man,
and then all the chaos that ensued throughout that series
and Pasta getting called out by Montgomery
and then him scoring the winner.
So just to relive it and see it behind the scenes was a treat.
So a credit to Amazon,
Daniel and everybody else involved in what they did in order to present this
to not only hardcore hockey fans,
but casual sports fans,
which I think will draw them in.
And now,
which will probably be them following Connor McDavid and his obsession with
winning and hopefully,
which is eventually him reaching, uh, you know, the, the obsession with winning and hopefully which is eventually him
reaching the ultimate
goal which is Lord Stanley.
I know I was long-winded there with it but
we're grateful to be a part of it
and this is awesome.
How funny is that first episode too and obviously
we're giving away some spoilers but
just check it out no matter what but
Nylander and Pasta are out to dinner
the night before the Bruins play in Toronto with like 15, 20 games to go left in the year.
And I think Pasta says, like, oh, right now we're lined up to play each other again.
And Nylander's like, who's in first place?
He's like, oh, Florida.
There's no joke with Nylander.
He's just a sick hockey player that's into fashion and just sleeping in by the sounds of it.
So we're going to throw it to Daniel right now.
We want to say thank you to him.
And I hope you all enjoy it and definitely check out the show if you haven't yet.
So here's Daniel Amagon from the showrunner inside the NHL.
We are now pleased to be joined by a very special person in the current NHL day we're at, Faze, because this man is the showrunner, Daniel Amagon of the face-off inside the NHL with Amazon.
One of the coolest things I've ever watched. So excited that you're joining us. Thank you very much. How you doing?
very much. How are you doing? Guys, thanks so much for having me. Doing well. It's been a labor of love over the last year or so, but it's out in the world now and the feedback's been awesome. So
appreciate you guys having me. Oh, it's awesome. We appreciate you. And so going into it, I didn't
really know what to expect. Kind of hoping best case for an original... Remember the inside look
to the outdoor classic back in the day? I
was blown away. I was with a
buddy who isn't necessarily
the biggest hockey fan. He couldn't get
enough. Just the in-depth,
where you catch these guys,
how vulnerable they are, how
you get to see Connor McDavid in a way
nobody's ever seen him. It was just
outstanding work. And I was wondering for
you, what was the most
difficult part about getting the guys to buy in like was it was it was it begging some guys almost
you know what i you know you mentioned the outdoor classic game i i worked on that for hbo back you
know a decade ago so i've kind of i've been around a lot of hockey locker rooms you know grew up
playing hockey you know i was this morning at my son's U10 game.
Shout out to the Jersey Wolves out here in Rocklare, New Jersey.
So, you know, hockey is in my blood.
And I felt like I always wanted to go a little bit deeper, go a little bit further, go a
little bit more personal.
You know, the NHL is so great about ultimate team game, team first, tallest poppy syndrome.
No one wants to stick their head up.
team game team first tallest poppy syndrome no one wants to stick their head up um but there's a new generation right now i feel like in the world of hockey where these guys are they have a swag
they have a personality they want it out there they see a benefit in it and so on day one there
was that you know when when we sat down to make this list of okay who are we going to go after
it was the guys who you would think would want to do this. So that was the first step. But then when we sat down, we were at All-Star
and sat down with a good dozen of these guys. The Euros watched Drive to Survive, which our company
does. The Americans and the Canadian guys watched Full Swing, our company does. And I did the first season of,
so there's, there was an understanding of like, we know what you're after. We, we appreciate the
work you guys do. And, and we want hockey to have, you know, uh, it's turn. So it was kind of at the
all-star game where you found out who are you going to get, but like, did you know that you
were going to get them like going into playoffs and at playoff time? Cause that's what surprised me the most is not only getting the access from these teams but getting
it with those guys during that time of year that's why i was shocked even the first episode
getting pasta and nylander and then they're facing off against each other which must have been a
dream scenario for you guys when all this ended up working out 100 you got to get a little lucky
on these shows but, you can't really
ever know for sure until it happens as far as access in those high pressure, you know, playoff
game seven moments, but you tell them on day one, it's like, Hey, we're not sitting down and
investing this time and money. If it's not going to be, yeah. You know, if we can't see this all
the way through. And of course, everyone's like, yeah, of course, yeah, of course, yeah, of course. And then it gets down to that day and that morning
and that those intermissions and, and, you know, luckily, you know, almost across the board,
everyone was, you know, kept their word and, and, you know, we're, we're respectful. We don't roll
in with 10 cameras and lights and all this. really tried to fade into the woodwork you know
almost be a part of the team you're never a part of the team but you know almost like um make it
so you're not a distraction the last thing you ever want to be is something that the guy's even
thinking of on that day so just quickly going back to that first episode too like you guys must
have been salivating at all the chaos that was happening in the midst of that series with first of all your guy Nylander not getting to play in the first
three games like what was all that like in real time and dealing with all all those emotions
sorry Daniel I got to interrupt because I have a question on top of that my wife's watch with me
she's like is this really Nylander watching the game and I was like I think it is like it was
crazy that was one of those moments where you kind of pinch yourself.
You're like,
you know,
not only it was the entire hockey world is talking about William
Nylander.
Where is he?
What is going on with him?
What's up with his injury?
We literally are sitting there with him.
We're the only ones who know it felt like we were,
you know,
chasing a spy.
You know,
it was like,
it was really intense,
like,
you know, an intense hockey story.
And then the other story is like Wayman standing on his head and turning into Superman.
It's like, we are at the center of both
of the best stories in hockey right now.
There was some dumb luck involved in that,
but I think we chose our characters
and our stories well, I guess.
But I mean, Willie, it was stressful
because Willie was the first guy that sat down with us at
all star. It was, you know, immediately you're like, okay,
this guy's got the look that, you know, he's, he's just cool.
He's great on camera.
And then we thought maybe he's not going to play in the playoffs.
It's like, we've put all this time and effort into this guy and poof,
there goes our show. You know, what, what are we doing now?
It's not like, you know, um, there was another leaf that was, that had full buy-in at that point. So, um, I, we were, we were kind of crapping our pants for a minute there, um, to
figure out what to do. But then the fact that he was like, yeah, come on over and watch game three
with me. Um, really that was like, okay, we can do something here and i've never you know
i've been doing these shows for a long time and i've never had that level of yeah shoot whatever
you want and and you know trust and and it it really that's that's what we need that's what
we need to make these shows we need that trust level on the other side of the camera um in order
to make these things great and willie was that from day one. We literally showed up at his apartment. As you probably know, Biz, the kid doesn't wake up
before noon, but we showed up at 8.30 and he's, okay, what do you guys want to do all day? Walk
the dogs, going to lunch. Put on my white tank top.
Yeah. I've never been around a human
being that wears a shirt you know let as less frequent as you just tarps off immediately but
i mean i if i looked like that i probably would too but as if the ladies in leaf leaf land didn't
need any more access i say exactly that's unbelievable hey and on top of that at the
end of that episode where where you got the coach out pasta, Monty saying we need more, and then he delivers the goal. So the first episode really just sets the tone for the rest of the series. And like you said, there's a lot of luck that goes involved, but you guys did such an excellent job of just capturing all of it and portraying it. I was getting goosebumps again, but I thought that the end was going to be different this time. I was just praying that there was going to be a different end.
All right. We'll work on that for season two to be a different end. All right. We'll work
on that for season two. We'll see what we can do.
We'll pull some strings. Awesome.
Besides you guys, I mean, I
got to give credit to the players, right? Because
they end up allowing
you guys in, and I bet you they got more
comfortable as it went along, and you really
saw guys' personalities you've always
heard of, but somebody like
Swayman like a very
laid-back cerebral guy his family means so much to him and it was just really cool to get to you
felt like you get to know guys and one of them being like matthew kachuk i think he was born
to do this show and whoever's doing the editing and all that stuff like biz i don't know if you've
gotten to the end but they're going with they're with mcdavid and he's you could tell he's uptight he's just so into it and then it just pants to
kachuk getting out of the pool putting the sunglasses on like razor ramon and just seeing
him with his family and like how relaxed he was in florida you could tell the difference in those
two teams in the finals based on just this show 100 100 and yeah that he is the perfect heel you know and then
uh you know guy to play against connor and he has a little comment of like i'm not even sure
they have fools in edmonton you know it was it was like you could not script it better for this guy
and you know and like you say it's we we can't really do our job if those guys aren't bought
into that to that level and i I think people will see him.
I think people know, you know, what he's like from his press conferences, from the things they've seen about him.
But to me, I think this will give a deeper understanding of who this guy is, what makes him tick and how much his family is important to him and how he's, you know, if I'm drafting a team and putting together a championship team
he's pretty pretty close to the top of the list so based on episode three i think a lot of boston's
fans are salivating at seeing that knowing they got their guy locked in for eight more years
did you feel a little bit more emotionally invested in these kind of negotiations back and
forth because of the time you spent with swaymanman. And like you said, I believe your quote is,
you've never seen a player be more open and honest
than Jeremy Swayman was in that third episode.
100.
Yeah, I mean, he really set a new bar.
I sound like the president of the Jeremy Swayman fan club,
but he was just unbelievable.
He literally is sending me text messages two hours before a game
of him strumming his guitar and
as laid back as it can be
but dialed in too.
He's just a different cat. As you guys
know, goalies are a different breed
and you often can't go
anywhere near him on game day. This guy
is sending me selfies two hours before
puck drop. It's unbelievable
but I think he's
a really smart guy and he saw this as an opportunity. You know,
I, we went into all-star with a list of, of guys, the,
the ones you would imagine, I wouldn't say Swayman was at the top of that list,
but then he came in and sat down and just, it poured out of him. He's like,
this is what's important to me. You guys can, you know,
anything you want to film, you know,
it was clear that
arbitration was something that was still on his mind and you know um that he was willing to talk
about it and yeah i mean as the negotiations have gone on in the last few weeks i've been like
please get this guy signed like and you know but then secretly like hey maybe you want to wait
till the show comes out maybe you can get a couple more bucks out of him because he looks
pretty damn good.
I don't know if it's episode five or six,
which are both basically like
the finals in Edmonton and Florida.
It's awesome, the finish to this whole
series. But Leon Dreisel
is talking about, yeah, I think people think I'm
grumpy and sometimes I am, but
he seems so much more friendly
and outgoing than that. Then he
comes off as in the media in that episode. Right. And it was cool hearing him talk about loving the,
like wanting to be somewhere where hockey's everything. It makes a lot of sense with him
resigning a hundred percent. And I mean, that was, again, you go in with so many preconceptions of
these guys and Leon was someone I was a little bit nervous to even like sit down and have a conversation with is this guy gonna bite my head off you know is pissy leon
gonna come out and and honestly he's just dry he's just like that's that's his personality and
he's you know handsome devil sits down and you're like oh god i could make a a tv show out of this
guy pretty easily so i'm i'm hoping that you know if we get another crack at this we can kind of switch the you know this one was pretty mcdavid heavy i think there's so much
left on the bone for leon to to dive even deeper into his story when you say can you get another
crack at it so like what's up for the the next go around it's happening it isn't who do you have
like can you kind of divulge what what the details are imagine plenty of guys are, I want to be featured now because of what it will do for their profile.
I think that every single player got painted in better light after watching that whole series.
Nice.
Yeah.
No, the response from the players from the NHLPA has been awesome.
I think they are.
The players are ready.
You know, it's as always with these networks and streamers, they have their metrics they need to hit to make sure that it's worth going again.
But I've been so impressed with the support we've had from the NHL, from the PA, from Amazon.
I would be shocked.
I've seen stranger things in this business, unfortunately.
But I think the momentum, I think we would have had really needed to lay an egg with the series
for it not to be renewed and i'm i'm hoping people like it enough you know if everyone
listening to this can watch it 10 times we'll we'll get started next week is there anything
that the nhl or the players asked you to cut uh out of this because i feel like even like the
mcdavid snap show i couldn't imagine something happening worse than that and i was really happy that you guys kept it because it showed his raw emotion which we don't normally
get to see from a span standpoint but i'm sure that there were some things that they ask you to
maybe hold back and and not put in there there were but this was the and like i said i've worked
on so many shows with the nhl and they definitely have carried a bigger stick in the past. And, and this was very much an understanding from day one that we need to let these guys tell the
stories they want to tell and put that trust in them. And so it was, it was always a conversation.
And at the same time, I'm not trying to make these guys look stupid. If there's something they
wanted out that, you know, is a silly little thing that doesn't affect the story
in any way. It's no skin off my back, you know, it's totally fine. So it no, you know, the Marner
glove toss, you know, Connor in the locker room, those were things that were certainly discussions
multiple, you know, the Swayman arbitration thing. So like those were discussions, but it was never
a, Hey, you got to take this out it was
let's understand where we're coming from here and and make sure we understand the ramifications but
to their credit you know they they you know were steadfast in keeping it in and especially
those connor moments those were as soon as they happened i was like please let the world see this
this could be something that really as a hockey
fan as someone who's been in these locker rooms you know we when we were filming that everyone in
that room thought it was cory perry or some other vet like losing their shit and really going off
we come around the corner and it's 97 you know the maybe the greatest player to ever lace him up
you know really losing it and and showing player to ever lace them up, you know, really losing it
and, and showing that emotion and, and being that leader that people have asked them to be for so
long. I think, you know, as soon as we saw that, we knew that it would be a discussion of like,
can this survive? Can this stay in? But to Connor's credit, and honestly, I think it was,
it did come from Connor of like, no, like I signed up for this.
This was my, my goal was to show people these things they've never seen to take people in
the rooms they've never been in, you know, that they've heard about.
You always hear about how much these guys care, what it looks like a win or a loss.
You know, we were able to show it here and Connor was like, no, that they, they caught
that on, on, on tape.
And, you know, that was real.
You know, it's not like we manufactured it anyway.
And then he goes and puts his team on his back for three games.
And, you know, so I think it's to his credit, you know, specifically, the guys really backed it up.
Anything that was even on the line and, you know willie with the bench moment as
well it's like that the guys knew it was real they knew that they had signed up for this and
and i think there's there's a real urge for these guys to let people know who they are on a on a
deep personal level and and you know i'm hoping that you know we were able to show that i was
just gonna say outside of the obvious were there any moments that really stuck out to you?
Maybe some things that happened behind the scenes,
like maybe a story with Keith Kachuk or something like that,
getting to hang out with the Kachuk family?
Keith Sabu, he probably had 17 red wines in every game.
The guy's unbelievable.
So we mic'd him up for the you know
when all the elimination games so you know florida goes up three nothing it's like okay
keith can we put a mic on you it'd be cool to have a mic on you well you know when this moment
happens and he's like yeah yeah yeah no problem they lose they lose they lose i go up to him game
seven he's like get the fuck away from me and luckily brady's seven. He's like, get the fuck away.
Luckily, Brady's standing there.
He's like, yeah, put it on me.
Put it on me.
So we were able to get that that moment of them. I mean, talk about like just just a release, you know, and to be just I mean, we are right there as Keith and Brady are hugging and losing their minds as, as, uh, as, as Matthew's winning,
winning the cup. So, um, yeah, Keith was an absolute beaut and is, as you guys know, I'm sure
exactly who he is, um, on camera, um, every day of his life. So, um, that was, but yeah, I mean,
a million, a million moments that, you know, hit the cutting room floor, but, um, you know,
hopefully again, we get to do this again and we can
expand on these stories we were able to tell the first
go around.
When Florida won it
going to Walt and he's crying
and then he gets down on the ice and he
says to Matthew, I fucking cried.
It's almost like, can you believe it? I was crying up there.
I'm so proud of you.
And then obviously it just
pans right when they want also to Matthew
as a little kid and the music. It was so good. I don't even think you need to ever watch hockey
to enjoy this. And then you cut to the Edmonton locker room from this madness in Florida. And
it was so sad. My wife's like, David's the only one crying. I was like, well, I'm sure there's
other guys crying, but you can tell what it means to him and like i also said to her i'm like it's just been months
and months of just grinding and working and boom it's over and you just never know if you're going
to get there again and he's so you can tell he's just like emotionally physically he's got nothing
left and like to have the cameras there and someone finally says, get the cameras out.
Would the cameraman leave right away if a player says that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Especially if we walked in and two seconds later,
they said, get it out of here.
I think we're in access to be here.
But we're never trying to overstep. It's to overstep or to, you know, it's
like, we've, we've got it.
We, we spent 10 minutes in there.
It's, you know, it's like, it's, it's, uh, I think we were able to, um, to show people
what, what the actual reality of that situation was.
And, and at a certain point, it's not like we're going to put 10 minutes of it in the
show.
So, you know, you know, you got it and you, you know, you can move on.
So, um, but as you say, what it's's like we make these shows for the non-hockey fan that's that's the number one thing
that we are always trying to do and so it's it's tricky for me sometimes knowing hockey and just
being a hockey fan um getting too deep and and making it too much about the games you know i
think all if we could we would make these shows with no games whatsoever.
I think like that's that's the thing that we really try to drill into all of our producers,
all of our editors from day one is like these are personal human stories that we hope become
relatable because of how kind of specific they are.
I think, you know, very few people know what it's like to play in game seven of the Stanley
Cup final, but, you know, a lot of people know what it's like to have pressure at work
or to have a baby coming on the way.
And, you know, those are the type of storylines that I think can really resonate, you know,
with sports fans and non-sports fans alike.
Yeah.
And Danny, I think you hit the nail on the head and it was kind of what you were alluding
to with like the casual American like sports fan I think they're gonna if they see this they're
gonna gain an obsession for Connor McDavid's obsession for wanting to win and that's to me
what they're gonna be captured by and and maybe start following his journey on hopefully another
cup run this year so uh I was also gonna ask were there any guys that you um that you followed around that
that weren't that didn't end up getting featured in the series or everyone you used was was in there
pretty much yeah pretty much everyone we we followed made the show you know there were a
couple kind of secondary characters on different teams um like there were a couple guys on vegas
couple guys on florida that we filmed some with. And it just, you know, time wise, you know, storyline wise, didn't make sense to include.
But it was, you know, I've seen a couple of articles that say like, oh, they followed Crosby and Bedard.
Why didn't that make the show?
I was like, if someone could point me towards that.
Who's Toss?
We actually just we interviewed McKinnon.
It's going to be going on this podcast.
And he's a little bit more closed off and probably
comes from more of the Sidney Crosby school of thought.
Now, given that you've had so much success with season one, who are your like white whales
moving forward?
Like who would you love to be able to capture in season two if you were able to?
I think Sid is at the top of the list, a hundred percent.
I think just it's, you you know for him at this juncture
of his career is just so fascinating to me you know everything he's accomplished is his just the
way other guys talk about him he is the revered guy in the league right now and you know especially
canadian guys like look at him as as as god so i think like and then to me that's that's an
interesting starting point but it's like how does that guy deal with being on maybe a 500 team this
year you know like i feel like we locked into only playoff stories last year just because of
the schedule we had and and you know we got lucky with a lot of our guys went deep but um
you know i would love to tell a regular season story just character based what is sid going
through and also maybe bedard plays against that of like you know there's a guy who knows what it's
like to have been you know one of the most famous people in his country from age 13 and and how does
he relate to conor bedard and knowing having kind of the weight of the sport
on his shoulders as well so
those are two guys at the top of the list and then
I love a story of
redemption and
new face at a new place so I think
Stamkos in Nashville to me is
one that would be
awesome
awesome two guys who are
cup winners on,
on,
you know,
um,
kind of synonymous with another franchise coming.
And,
and I mean,
I think they're going to be on an FU tour this year.
I could see the Preds being really,
really good this year.
So,
um,
and I think Stamkos is super charismatic,
great,
you know,
and great character too.
Between,
uh,
him,
O'Reilly and,
and March. though i think
you guys would get so much good stuff and o'reilly plays the guitar i'm pretty sure he would do like
a live event there much like matt duchesne did so that would be and and all three stanley cup
champions a couple captains in there the i think nashville deserves an episode let's go well they
they the one with forestberg this year and this little speech O'Reilly gave
before the game he's like you're gonna get my
fucking best and I need all your best it was
just I can't
I cannot say how much I enjoyed this
enough like I'm gonna watch it again
and I just think of like a 12 year old
Ryan Whitney like this is a dream
like a little like a younger hockey player kid
even somebody who's never seen the
game's gonna love it the one guy I did want to ask about, especially with McKinnon on this episode, is Landis Gogg.
Yeah.
And you kind of you could kind of feel watching how much they miss him just like in the room on the ice is one thing.
But in the room and you saw how hard he's working, he's watching games.
Was he able to stay upbeat with you guys?
Because that's what it sounds like for the rest of the team.
He'd come in with a great attitude, even though he doesn't even know if he's playing again
at this point i mean he's another guy you sit down with and in five minutes you're like oh my god
like this guy is great looking charismatic you know just a leader i would run through a brick
wall for that guy and i think that is something he's been there for years and years now. So he is so sewn into the fabric of that team.
And like,
it's yes,
he hasn't played in a game,
but he's around the team.
You know,
he practices,
he,
you know,
he's on the ice while they practice,
I should say.
And,
you know,
it's,
um,
yeah,
he was able to keep upbeat,
but then in his,
you know,
in those car rides to practice it,
to those games,
to his press conference at the end of the season, he does.
He's like this.
This fucking sucks.
You know, like I want to be playing right now.
Like I didn't sign up to be a fan.
You know, he's a guy who takes pride in his game, plays a really hard game on both sides of the puck.
And like it was it was killing him, too.
But he also, you know, has been able to spend so much time around his family. And that's important to him, too. So I think he's a guy who the storyline when we first sat down with it is like, OK, this guy's coming back. And, you know, and, and make a push. And then it became clear. It's like, ah, no, he's not coming back.
But I just couldn't get that story out of my head of like, I think there's still something
here.
I think there's still something people can latch on to.
You know, he, he literally says like, my identity is being captain of the, of the Colorado
avalanche.
If I don't have that, who am I?
It's like, oh my God.
Like, you know, that's, yeah, that's, all yeah that's um so uh he was he was someone who
yeah i think on paper maybe people are like oh that's that's an interesting choice but
you know i'm i'm uh i'm a big fan of his and think he's he's gonna really kind of resonate
with this one too speaking of other deep stuff uh connor mcdavid's hate for cut ketchup did you
did you expect that i believe Fear of ketchup, I believe.
What's that? It's fear.
It's not even a hate. It's a fear.
Yeah. I mean, we all have
our thing, I guess, but yeah.
All I know is he goes,
yeah, getting a chef's the best
money I've ever spent.
My wife's like, you hear him?
What do I even call him?
It's Connor McDavid.
We're not getting a chef. but their food but all those guys with the chefs it did look it made made me very jealous
i know these guys live pretty well as you know i mean it's yeah it's uh it was it was cool you
know dipping into their world for a little bit but yeah then going back to my holiday and express
and having executive producer, Steve mayor,
who's worked for the NHL for a long time.
He must've been a treat to work with.
And there was also that clip of him asking McDavid to go out to, to collect the conspite.
And McDavid was like,
fuck,
I ain't doing that.
Looking into space.
He's like,
I mean,
Steve was great.
Steve is,
is an unbelievable collaborator as dialed in and,
and as,
you know,
has so many contacts, you know, has so many contacts,
you know,
he,
he's one call away from everyone in the entire sport.
And,
but he also was really gave us a long leash to,
you know,
do what we do and,
and had our back.
And,
you know,
like,
and if,
if,
you know,
we went down and presented at the GM's meetings,
you know,
me and,
and Gary Bettman and, and really face to face with all the GM's, this is what Gary Bettman, and really face-to-face with all the GMs.
This is what the show is.
This is what we need from you guys.
And Steve was just, if something like that needed to be set up, it happened in a minute.
And then, yeah, for him to be the guy who's literally telling me, David, you got to go out there.
It was good to have our man on the
inside there so they probably asked like three other guys were like i didn't fucking ask him that
oh yeah i don't know what to do with the problem yeah lead from the front yeah g uh g's gonna hop
in and ask one yeah dan i was pretty surprised watching it i had no idea that there was going
to be the all the use of the Chicklets clips and all the
podcast clips and everything.
Thank you. Thank you, first off.
Thank you, episode 3, 16
minute mark, 38 minute mark, my favorite part of the
whole series. Keep going, Brunel.
What was the approval
process like there? Were there people like,
oh no, fuck spitting Chicklets, we're not letting them
in. Who was the Chicklets fan behind the
scenes that had to do all that digging for those episodes because they did some digging there
yeah no i mean it's listen i think it was important for us for it to feel like hockey now
and you guys are a big part of that like you know that's this is this was a show for young people
for you know not the the last generation of hockey fans, but for, you know,
someone who listens to spit and chiclets. And, um, so I think, you know, and, and you guys do
a pretty exhaustive show and, and have a lot of clips that were useful for us and, and have emotion
to them. And that was another reason, you know, biz, thank you so much for sitting for a few.
I was honored. I was shocked that I even got asked and i we we did the first
one in atlanta and i was pretty tired from the playoff run obviously and i said hey if there's
any cleanup let's meet at uh at the awards in vegas and it's like the fact that i get to tell
my kids eventually that i was involved in this i'm i'm very honored thank you very much if you
came on the screen i'm like that's mid bender biz you get the beard and the i was like holy shit that
was when he was drinking no we got him right at the end it was like but we got a great hour out
of it you know you were like at an hour boys let's go yeah my brain wasn't working very well but i
mustered up the words no i i chirp i chirp cornell but when i when you were using some audio of
myself talking about edmonton leaning into the Dallas series.
And I'm like,
keep going,
keep going,
keep going.
This is unbelievable.
Cause I actually sounded like I knew what I was talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
For once.
Yeah.
One time,
baby.
I think you may have picked Dallas though,
but no big deal.
Oh no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no.
I just put on Edmonton in November,
but other than that, I was golden.
There you go.
I mean, I don't know if it's been for sure
that you guys will do a season two,
but when would the hopes that that one would be done
and then released?
Would it be the same timeline?
TBD, I think, yeah, I think, you know,
there was a real urge to get this one out
in October this year, you know,
with Amazon, you know, kind of having some games,
Monday Night Hockey and all that. And so, you know, with Amazon, you know, kind of having some, some games, uh, Monday night hockey and all that. And so, um, you know, it was, it was great to get the,
get it out quickly. I think, you know, um, we'll see, we'll see what the release schedule,
if we get to do it again, I think I would love to start a little bit earlier, like I said, to,
to do some more regular season, um, stories. And then maybe we have a couple of them edited and done by the time we even get to playoffs
so that we can get it out around the same time.
But as you guys know, people kind of turn their attention to hockey around Thanksgiving,
New Year's.
And so if it comes out a little later next year, I think that's fine too.
But the reception has been awesome so far.
So maybe they might not want to screw with a good thing
well we want to thank you for coming
on man because it's really cool to hear the
inside access of this and all you
did and like I said amazing
job I didn't want it to end
put it that way that's when you know you got a great show
and I guess
my one recommendation
would be if you could get Doughty
if you get season 2 and you get Doughty coming back from injury,
I think that would be amazing.
I like that.
Just with his personality,
but there we go.
Okay.
I'm writing it.
He's going to want you to edit out 75 of the footage you get with him,
but it'd still be an unreal 25.
I love it.
My one thing,
maybe Connor Bedard at the winter classic.
I know that he's kind of has the same philosophy as,
as Sid and
McKinnon and wants to fall on those types of footsteps, but that seems like a looser event.
Maybe they'd be willing to open things up. It's going to be at Wrigley.
Would you ever follow around a coach? That's my kind of last one.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would love to expand the tent a little bit, not just have it be player-focused.
Coach, GM, spouse, you know,
they're all hockey stories.
I think it would be,
it'd be pretty interesting.
Um,
EVY would be awesome.
Don Sweeney would be great,
especially if he's under contract negotiation with a superstar.
Let me give,
I'll call him up real quick and see if he's into it.
I got his number.
We're buddies now,
right?
What?
No,
I think there's some great,
obviously some, some coaches who would be, pretty amazing you know uh patrick wall in the league is is pretty uh pretty good but um
yeah i'm open to anything and and i think yeah that's you know i whatever it is i think it's
important to kind of see that person's you know experience of the world and
stay in that bob rather than try to tell the entire team story if it's a just a coach story
maybe it's just a coach story you know we probably have enough from season one to make a paul marie's
episode but uh just didn't go that way i love it well great job once again and we appreciate you
coming on thanks for having me, guys. Really appreciate it.
Guys, we need to talk about DraftKings.
It's Whit here.
And the quest for the Stanley Cup starts now.
The puck's dropping on the 24-25 NHL season.
Get in on all of the action at DraftKings Sportsbook,
an official sports betting partner of the NHL.
It's super easy for first timers to get started.
Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app,
select your team and place your first bet. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up.
New customers bet five bucks to get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code CHICKLETS. That's code CHICKLETS for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets
when you bet just 5 only on DraftKings.
The crown is yours.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
In New York, call 877-8-HOPE-NY or text HOPE-NY 467-369.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 and over, age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co slash ice.
Thank you very much, Daniel.
Awesome discussion there, talking about a great show that I hope you all enjoy.
Biz, I meant to tell you this off the top.
This is, you won't believe this, dude.
What?
You look disappointed right now.
Oh, I'm beyond disappointed.
I got one of those early wake-ups from Wyatt.
Squanto comes buzzing in.
Parents know that you're almost scared.
All of a sudden, there's a little child in your face at 5.30 in the morning.
They'll bring him downstairs.
He's like, Dad, I want a Maple Leaf jersey.
I said, what?
He goes, can I have a Maple Leaf jersey?
I go, whoa, whoa, leaf jersey i go whoa whoa whoa whoa hold on stand right here is that where i went upstairs i went to china and i woke up my wife said you told him to say
that right she's like what time is it said you told him to say she goes what the hell are you
talking about right now i said did you tell wyatt me he wants a Maple Leafs jersey it's our year folks he knows she started dying she goes
I swear to god I swear to god I've never said anything about the Maple Leafs to him I've never
said a word to him about it and then when she came down chair she goes this might mean they're
winning the cup oh I fucking I was like throwing my pancakes off the window.
I was disgusted.
Where's the lasagna?
Why do you want a Maple Leafs jersey?
I like blue and white.
I like the Maple Leafs.
I like the flower in the middle.
I was like, what the fuck is going on in my house?
What is happening right now?
I will reach out to fanatics,
and I will have him a custom Maple Leafs jersey
with his name on the back.
Squanto 69.
Maybe not 69.
That's weird. I don't know why i
just said that squanto number three he likes wild 11 on harvard football probably already said that
he's got he's beyond his years i am shocked you texted us and you said you won't believe
what wyatt said and i couldn't wait in my wildest dreams I couldn't have managed that
I could not have imagined that
I wouldn't make you hear me
so Squanto's on the train dude
I love that
I love that well he's gonna be our
new Maple Leafs insider we'll get him on
once a week for his five minute breakdowns
he has to watch all the games though
he has to watch the game footage
we'll ship him out to Scottsdale.
He can live with you.
You guys can stay up late, watch the games.
We'll be doing live streams.
They're on earlier out there.
Maple Leafs live streams with Wyatt.
Well, we had some NHL action already.
It's a little odd that the NHL season starts with such little fanfare.
I think part of that is that the games are on NHL network.
They were over in Prague and it was Buffalo Jersey.
You can't stream the NHL network.
So definitely disappointing for a lot of people that don't get the channel and can't watch
considering it's like the beginning of the NHL season.
I caught a little bit of both games.
I was running around with a bunch of stuff this weekend and on Friday.
They probably didn't want to put the Sabres on a national broadcast because they're gonna fucking take
another dump this season are they gonna stink again oh my god they got their i know listen i
know that the devils are a wagon and they four check like mad men and all of a sudden they got
defensemen that they're just growing on trees like who i got this name written down as Kovacevic as as Keith described him as uh Kovachkin after
the game this guy's lugging 24 minutes I'd never even fucking heard of him before they might have
to deal Luke Hughes this guy's the new this guy's the new Luke Hughes and to break it all down I
think that we should get Jock Sniffer Pasha but Pasha, but if we do get them on, we've got to roll it.
We've got to roll the disclaimer, folks.
Warning.
The following statements are about to be made by a deranged Devils fan.
The views expressed are his and his only.
Take everything you hear with a grain of salt because, remember, he is a deranged Devils fan.
Dum, dum, dum.
Look at that fucking smile.
Dum, dum, dum.
I can't wait to get some hate.
It's like they just won the cup biz.
They did.
They beat Buffalo twice in check,
and this guy's already getting his tattoo outlined on his fucking quad.
What's up, fellas?
How are we?
Yeah, I'm not going to lie.
I told you, it's been about 10 months,
and there's been relevant Devils hockey to cheer for,
so it was nice to see them come out and be absolutely buzzing.
I might have gotten a little ahead of myself in the group chat
asking G about
Hoboken Parade routes, but
listen, this team looks unbelievable.
You know, take everything with a
grain of salt because it's only two games in,
but the way they forecheck
how connected they are in the breakouts,
I don't remember seeing a Devils team like this. Now, mind
you, again, only two games since 2011,
2012 when DeBoer came in and installed
the new system, And I just remember them
being so connected, forechecking, buzzing.
So hopefully they can keep that up
for the whole season. But
wow, what a way to start.
Let me ask you, Posh.
Let me ask you. So
Kovacevic looked awesome. By the way,
he also, the only reason I knew him
is because, do you remember the goal
he scored for Montreal against Tampa last year, Biz?
No.
It was when there was a shot on net from Tampa, and they never blew the whistle.
And all of a sudden, the goalie kind of just played it over to him.
And Tampa just straight up went to the bench for a change.
Like, the whistle had blown, and he just buried it from his own zone.
And it was one of the oddest goals I've ever seen.
So that's all I knew about him.
I didn't even know he was on the Devils.
But with this decor, now being this deep,
you got Seamus Casey coming in looking phenomenal.
What a first NHL goal for him out of Michigan.
And you have Hughes and Pesci out.
So who ends up fitting in?
Does Casey end up winning a job here
even when everyone's healthy?
I'm hearing Luke Hughes is on the trade blocks. That's what i'm here shut up is no no more no more of this
rumor boys bullshit yeah that's rumor boys no i think he's gonna have some really hard decisions
to make um i think that honestly as good as casey's looked i can see him getting sent down
just as a long-term thing push his contract a year back um luke hughes will slot into that
offense and then when pesci comes back. Luke Hughes will slot into that offense.
And then when Pesci comes back, which I think will be first game on Thursday,
honestly, maybe Siegenthaler.
And, you know, he had a down year last year, but two years ago
when they were a wagon, he played unbelievable.
But, you know, this is a good problem to have.
It's going to be a tough choice because right now everybody looks great.
Kovacevic, you know, Dylan, you talked about the physicality.
Shades of Scott Stevens, just dummy paterica you hate to see a guy get hurt but i mean the devils haven't had someone capable of
throwing a hit like that and then dummy a guy in a fight since scott stevens shout out talk for
getting in there right away yes i don't know what did you think of the hit oh i thought it was fine
who gives a shit i've been out about that i know but they flip about
any bit of contact it's people who never played the game the minute that somebody gets hit and
they go down they all freak out online they get their fucking dopamine hit and then they fuck off
to the next so i have a new thing biz this season uh i i have a new way of thinking about hits
entire year i'm not changing okay if you're watching your pass like Paterka was,
or you have your head down,
even if it's a hit that gets a guy a 10-game suspension,
I don't care anymore.
I am now officially,
don't watch your pass and pick your head up.
And if you get hit with a shoulder directly to the face
and it's a suspension,
for me, should I have had your head up
or shouldn't have been watching your pass? That's where i'm at oh that makes it easier to judge for sure that's what
i'm doing i don't care anymore and pick up your head and going back to dylan we talked about
mcdermott being in and out of the lineup and maybe who was going to be there to protect guys
with that you know secondary you know enforcer type role And I feel like not only can he play,
but he can provide that where, to today's standard,
I would consider him a light heavyweight
and willing to go anyone to defend his teammates.
And that kind of just transitions into a double-wrister
that we got to give Fitzy for all of these off-season acquisitions.
I don't know if anybody had a better off-season than Fitzy
in addressing the needs that they had to
address including Annette where you must have had a full-on raging boner after that save that
Marks are made in game one that was we got a save of the season potentially in game one of the season
yeah that was insane and you know again I talk about refreshing seeing a physical demand it is
so refreshing to see just quality goaltending in a Devils uniform. Since Marty retired, that's been such a rare sight. And again, one game for Markstrom, but he looked dialed. That was an insane save. But everybody knows when you have a good goalie, your team just plays so much more confident in front of you. So very excited to see what Markstrom does. I think they're going to manage his load relatively well because they do have Jake Allen back there.
manages load relatively well because they do have Jake Allen back there.
So I'm not expecting kind of a, you know,
65 start kind of thing.
I think it'll be sort of split,
maybe 60,
40 type thing,
maybe a little more for Markstrom,
but I think they'll manage his load well,
but it's very exciting to see the early returns on him for sure.
With 50,
you look at the third line.
Okay.
And,
and you have Carter,
you have Hala and you have Stefan nosing.
And those guys are like a prototypical third line.
They can skate.
They're bigger.
And I know off the hot posh, you're like, I don't know about this Cotter trade
because Holt and all this upside.
He was upset.
But now Cotter scored a call.
And he's like, this fucking guy's John Madden, part two.
I never said that, but I actually like that comparison. I mean, listen,
I said at the time of the trade,
I don't think I'd watch one second
of Paul Cotter. I didn't know the first thing
about him, and yes, I would have liked to see Holtz get
a shot under a new coach since he was
always in Lindy's doghouse, but
holy cow, this Cotter guy, man,
he is big, he's feisty, he can skate,
he's got the mitts. Again, two games,
two games, two games, but this guy looks unbelievable. If he can keep playing the way he's been playing, I skate he's got the mitts again two games two games two games but this guy
looks unbelievable if you can keep playing the way he's been playing i think he's gonna be a
huge addition you know regular season and then that's kind of a player that translates playoff
style hockey oh not only do you have one goaltender but you got two they split the net over there uh
alan had the second game i know probably not as much work, but nonetheless, it's gotta be refreshing.
Not only having that starter in Markstrom,
but a very,
very reliable backup in,
in Jake Allen as well.
Uh,
is there anything else that stood out to you?
You did mention,
I think in the group chat that you thought Hughes,
maybe hands weren't necessarily there.
Game one,
maybe a little bit of rust going back to last season.
Yeah.
I just,
I just thought game one,
he was fumbling a bunch of pucks.
But I mean, the guys coming off of shoulder surgery,
obviously first game back, that disappeared game two.
Game two, he was back to his usual self.
Like Witt said, a couple apples, dynamic.
I mean, that pass to Bratt to spray him on that kind of where he came
the wrap around and gave it to Meyer.
Yes, for Bratt.
Yes, for Bratt.
So, yeah, I mean, that was a one game little going to shake the rust off.
And as Witt knows, I'm very confident that he's going to smash that 100 points.
And you have my Venmo, Witt.
What's the buyout?
What's the current buyout at right now?
I'm not.
That's a question for Witt.
I offered the guy 2,500, dude.
We're friends.
And he said, no, the buyouts are done.
I'm already, even if I lose, I only owe him two grand.
He owes me a thousand bucks.
And on Buffalo side, what was upsetting to me was like, all right, first game you lose.
The next night through two periods, the shots are 29 to 10.
It's like devils.
It's like they got out to a one, nothing lead.
And it's good to see Tate Thompson get on the board that he's going to have to have a huge year.
But I mean, the second game was more dominating than the first game.
But, boys, I told you, Buffalo might not be good,
but don't get too down on them on the two games
because the Devils are going to make a lot of teams look like that this year.
I can't do it.
Okay, you're done.
You're done.
Thanks for coming on, Pasha.
Grinnelli quickly is saying Thomas Tatar couldn't buy 10 goals last season
and he's the second line left wing.
This team is overrated.
So you see that they also have a bet that they made.
Grinnelli and Pasha made a bet, I think, three years ago
that in the 24-25 season, who would have more points,
the Bruins or the Devils?
And I remember at the time thinking, like,
oh, Devils are going to be real good by then,
and now it could end up being an awesome bet.
Neck and neck.
As far as the Bs, I agree, though.
I'm not going to put too much stock
into these first two games,
but a little underwhelming in the Lindy Ruff
second era in Buffalo.
And like you said, that game two,
come out with a stronger forecheck
and come out with some emotion.
And to lay an egg,
I think that that's what you can call it.
Come game two.
I just think that there's a,
a lot of questions going into this season for the Buffalo Sabres that need
answering.
And I'm interested to see what they can do.
I will not,
I will not have a firm judgment on,
on what they are till after about 15,
20 games.
Let's see what they can do in the first 15,
20 games before Thanksgiving here.
And who knows?
But very disappointing coming out of Buffalo with those two first games overseas.
Very disappointing.
And Paterka concussed.
I think Benson's injured.
So it's like you never want to see a team have to battle that stuff this early in the year.
So I don't know what's going to end up happening.
If there's a team that didn't need any adversity coming in,
it was the Buffalo Sabres.
And then here you say that Paterka's got a conky, no Benson.
And I don't know, folks.
I don't know.
The future looks bright.
The future looks bright.
The future looks bright.
It's not looking that bright right now.
That's a tough two games for Lindy R ruff huh against the old club yep and just just getting waxed in in
prague hopefully the boys had a great time in a beautiful city before they headed back home um
other news uh frank sara valley reporting the calgary flames have signed tyson barry to a one
year 1.25 million dollar contract pretty cool to see somebody go on a PTO, end up getting a deal.
I know you're buddies with him, so that had to be nice for you to see.
I shot him a text this morning, Whit, and that's not easy.
Not a lot of guys.
I mean, we know.
We went on a PTO, and we ended up getting snipped.
But he had a big summer, man.
He trained harder than he ever had before,
and he just wanted an opportunity.
And he didn't get word that he was getting that PTO till very late, right before camp.
And he goes in there and you could see some of his interviews too.
He's just, he's got a lot of character.
He's got a lot to give a team and, uh, he's definitely going to lighten the mood in there
and make it an enjoyable season in Calgary.
And, and I mean, come on, one of the better offensive defensemen who didn't have a contract
going into the year, him and D'Angelo were two guys that I thought for like to run a
power play and, and, you know, and add a little bit of offensive flair from the back end for a
team. And he goes in there and earns a contract and I couldn't be happier for him. He just,
his wife just gave birth to their second kid and anything to prolong the dream of playing in the
national hockey league. I think that if, if he wouldn't have signed this contract, he might have headed overseas.
But now he gets to be close
to home. He's originally from the island in
Victoria. And that's not
a long flight away. So he gets to
remain an NHLer
and play in Canada in a great market.
So congratulations to Tyson Berry.
When you said that you and him
and O'Reilly invested in
10 Fay, what does that mean?
Is that like when people invest in a young golfer and if they make a ton of money, you end up owing them money?
I think we pooled together about 300K just to give them a nice start.
I think they've been doing it for a while, but they want to record a new album.
Maybe just to relieve a little bit of the pressure financially and you know we look at
like us like even in our hockey careers like people obviously invested in us early enough and
you know we took that and ran whether it was my parents helping me buy equipment or
or you know ohl organizations providing the resources for me to get to the next level
we just feel like these guys really care about what they're doing. Um, they're the type of band where when they, when
they record an album, they all get together in the same room, they play the instruments and they sing
and they, they get it until they, they get the one that they want for the album. It's not like,
Hey, record the drums and then, you know, add it to the, to the, to the recording. Like they,
is that how most bands do it?
I think that a lot of people just,
like sometimes in certain cases,
they're not even in the same room.
Really?
Where they record certain instruments
and then they end up putting it all together
where they have a very old-fashioned
of the way they like to do things.
They write their own music and they don't rush it.
They go away and they spend time
and they all write the music together.
And we just,
given that the band was introduced to me by a friend and it meant a lot to
him at a certain point in his life,
along with a few other of these friends,
we just felt it was like,
Hey,
why not extend an arm and,
and help these guys out?
And,
and the music industry industry is tough.
Like there's not a lot of funding,
especially for bands that are not extremely well known. So, you if, if, if this is the type of investment where it
ends up going nowhere, it was more of like, Hey, like we gave, we provided some resources to a
group that cares a lot about what they do and if they can go continue to live their dream and
it doesn't have to be post Malone or, or, or Morgan Wallen level where they reach.
It's just something where they get to
enjoy what they're doing and putting their heart and soul into it. And if they get to tour and make
a living, then that's all the satisfaction that I need out of it. So yeah, grateful to be a part
of it and, and cool to have those other guys backing it as well. We're we're Ryan O'Reilly's
a huge music guy. So is Tyson Berry. I think Tyson Berry is very, very close with the Lumineers.
Like he got to meet them when he was playing in Colorado.
So he has them play for private events.
So knowing that those guys and myself are behind them, it was, it was kind of a cool
thing that we did.
And, uh, and, and they're a great band.
They got great tunes, great driving tunes.
I love it.
I love it.
That's a cool story right there.
Um, other news around the league, Pierre Engvall has been placed on waivers by the Islanders. He's got six years and 18 million remaining on his contract. I was like, what the fuck? And we had Frankie Borelli on and he was actually talking about like, if this guy could just score a little bit, he's fast, he's not overly physical. And you saw him on the leafs all those years but he got a big ticket now all of a sudden it's like let's hope somebody claims
him which nobody will at that number i'd be shocked at least if somebody does but a surprising
move where we have seen this before we have seen players go on waivers jordan martinook there you
go there you go that's a that's a good example and you know i think he's got a lot of tools maybe
sometimes like the saying is a lot of tools maybe lacks a little bit of the toolbox but
hey a guy that can obviously at a certain point get called back up are they actually going to
send him down or was this more of like a like a like a paper transaction but regardless though
where it is not i guess not a good look for Lou in a sense of some of these long-term contracts he has handed out and that might hold the team back a little bit.
I know he was trying to get ahead of the curve on this one, but I think when everybody saw eight years for Peter Ingvall, everybody was like, what?
Eight years?
Like, who in their right mind would have given this guy eight years, like maybe to keep, keep the AAV down a little bit, but even then, like, I don't know what type of leverage or, or what the agent had on, on Lou in
order to get that type of number. But ultimately you just hope that the guy takes this as a wake
up call and he uses it to, to, to spark himself and have a big year. So not really sure what's
happening there, but another, another kind of question mark on Lou
and some of the decisions he's made as of late.
But still a big year for the Islanders.
I still have faith that they will make playoffs.
I'm not going to be as hard on them as I have in years past
because I think they're poised under Paddy Waugh to have a big season.
I cannot wait to see what Barcell does this year
with a full season of Patrick Waugh as coach.
And seeing maybe that one year he pops off for 9,500 points, I think it could happen.
And maybe Engvall, who's still listed as on the fourth line right wing right now,
it was just one of those things with somebody claim him.
And if not, he's still going to be here.
Not sure, but definitely kind of odd.
That Sorokin injury is scary in Long Island.
That's something where you're like, what's going on there?
Even though Varlamov was better than him at the end of the season,
you need that guy to be healthy.
I mean, he's got the long-term deal.
He's one of the best goalies in the league,
and there's some questions there leading into the season.
Well, and the amount of high-danger chances they give up,
you're going to need a two-goalie rotation for the Islanders,
unless they've cleaned that up, of course, with Paddy Waughty was the head coach but i think a team like that has most success when both guys are kicking good
so definitely something that i would look out for but right like you said it seemed like uh
um varlamov had gained patty was confidence more than sorokin towards the end of the season where
wa almost felt more comfortable with him and net that. That's just the feeling I got to the point where Patty Wa
was kind of calling out Sorokin.
A little bit.
A little bit.
So let's see how that relationship progresses
and what the Islanders have in store.
But I don't know what else we got before we send it over to the
or are we sending it to Revo first?
No, we're going to the dog.
We're going to the dog.
But imagine Lou on that Amazon show.
That would be.
That would be.
They're just videoing him in a dark office,
like the owner of the team in The Natural.
Have you ever seen that?
This would be perfect for R.A.
You ever seen the movie The Natural?
No, I've never seen it, but I know what movie you're talking about.
Oh, my God.
This owner, if he even opened up the blinds and any light came in his office, yeah uh no i've never seen it but i know what movie you're talking about oh my god this owner
like if you even opened up like the the blinds and any light came in his office just like this
old very grumpy guy like imagine amazon just trying to talk to you like what do you think
pan over he's giving anthony duclair a fade chopping off his dreadlocks he's he's he's
behind the scenes at the hotel, behind the desk,
making sure everybody's home for curfew on time.
The Amazon, the cameraman with him is like,
all he kept talking about was that a guy's clear tape
wasn't on his sock correctly for warmups.
He just kept muttering to himself,
got to learn how to tape your pants, kid.
Got to learn how to tape your pants, kid.
What the fuck? So Lou maybe on the next Amazon would be excellent. That's a to tape your parents, kid. Gotta learn how to tape your parents, kid. What the fuck? So Lou
maybe on the next Amazon would be excellent.
That's a guy that we could maybe see.
And we'll get into this right now
with the doll. Just a little teaser.
Biz asked the dog about the new
pool workouts. I bitched out on
asking him whether or not he drinks his own piss.
I bitched out on that. I knew you wouldn't.
He might have hung up. That's what I was
worried about.
Yance, our boy Yance, joined us for this interview.
I actually, the dog had to move us back a little bit.
He was stuck at the rink, and I had to pick up my son at practice.
So it was one of those things where I think I had to leave about halfway through.
But thank God I did leave because he buried me when I finally got up.
Enough teasing.
The NHL MVP, also the Ted Lindsay Award winner, the mvp voted on by the players and your peers one of the greatest players in the nhl today nathan mckinnon before
we go any further guys i need to talk to you about sport clips it can be very intimidating
sometimes getting your haircut everyone knows what i'm talking about you don't know if the
person knows what you want sometimes they think they know what you want and they have no clue what
you want. And then it's panic time. And then you look horrible and then you're getting made fun of.
But with Sport Clips, it's different. You know exactly what you're going to get. Your stylist
will be able to deliver a great haircut. There's great news too. Sport Clips stylists have been specifically trained
in the nuances of men's hair,
taking the worry out of getting a haircut,
taking the panic out of looking like you lost a bet
when you leave the barber.
At Sport Clips, you leave happy and looking fine.
So whether you're going for a tight fade,
a slick back mullet,
or just think that looking like Patrick Mahomes
will make you a better
quarterback. Sport Clips stylists are here to do whatever you need to feel confident.
Nothing says confidence like a great haircut and nobody does great haircuts like Sport Clips.
It's a game changer. What an absolute treat and honor it is right now to be joined by your reigning Ted Lindsay and Hart Memorial Trophy winner.
And more importantly, the loser of the original sandbagger class.
That is the doll.
Yes.
What's going on?
Thanks for having me.
Did you ever think that that little match in Halifax would lead to biz and i just living like
a golfer youtube life now it's unreal what you guys have done with that i'd love to i'd love to
do it again i think we talked about cabot maybe or something but like did you guys ever expect it
to like grow like that like it's no we weren't even sid told us not to bring cameras and then
biz made pasha jump out of the woods that's right it was just supposed to be like a casual
like a fun match like a yeah that's awesome he was dodging my text after he agreed to the
interview and then you came on I was like hey what about doing a golf match afterward you know
maybe brought to you by CCM and he kept ignoring kept ignoring and then he's like nah nah we're
good we'll just do the
interviews and then pasha third hole just ambushes you guys now i have to ask you after watching more
of them do you actually believe that i'm a sandbagger well wasn't it a stroke a hole though
and you're making like pars and you birdied a hole it was crazy he's ever played it was legit
like i you i knew there's a clip of me right before you snap. I'm like, this is bad news.
You're fucking playing.
It was like plus four through nine and he's getting a stroke
hole.
Okay, I get where that could be from.
That's before he was the snap show too.
I remember Nate in his first couple years.
He was like Nate D-O-double-G.
Now he's Nate D-A-W-G.
He was joking around on the ice.
Now you don't want to get in his way so
if you did that to him now he'd punch your head in on the fair i don't think so i think i gotta
be careful with biz i was actually gonna ask you now that you're the reigning mvp
you used to have to go over to sid's gym all summer long right it was the older one you
spent all this money for the new updated one.
Now that you're the MVP, does he have to come train with you?
How does that work?
No, no, it doesn't work like that.
You're still getting bullied?
Oh, yeah.
Still going to his gym.
All good.
He's 20 years in the league.
So, yeah.
I train with Batherson, so I make him come to my gym.
It makes me feel better about myself
so that's what i do you're bullying young guys now exactly passing it forward yeah uh we we were
talking who we just talking to biz talking about the camp you guys had um yeah i think oh yeah
miles what what an awesome group of guys that is to get together and like the pace must be so high
before camp so how long
has that been going on and then like what did you guys do after you skated was it golf or just kind
of relax yeah it was unreal group so andy o'brien ham we i'm sure you've heard about those veil
camps like 15 years ago 10 years ago and then covet happened they we stopped doing them for a bit, but it used to be like, or cough,
Cleary, Bowmister, uh, clogs.
Like it was awesome.
Like it wasn't just like skill players.
It was like just awesome veteran guys that I learned a ton from.
I was 17, my first couple of camps.
So I learned a lot from Cleary and works.
And, um, like I said, Bowmister and those guys.
So that was awesome.
And then we started doing like bio steel camps and stuff when COVID happened
and then we're back in Vail.
So it was awesome.
It was McDavid, Marner, Sid, Skinner, Hall, Tice barry was there um i'm forgetting guys maddie kachok right yeah
kachok sorry bennett hannifin uh unreal unreal guys and um and then after we get like treatment
or golf or whatever so it's cool up in vale because like no one knows any of us uh it's super chill like
we've done them in Toronto Montreal and it's just busy it's just it just feels super busy in Vail
it's it's it's such a great vibe training in the mountains at 9,000 feet is super cool even like
for you like obviously you know top two player in the league like little things like that just
getting that edge in the summertime must help you out I mean obviously you're at two player in the league like little things like that just getting that
edge in the summertime must help you out i mean obviously you're at the height of your your
abilities but just getting that out of the guys that you play against every year must be huge
so it's amazing that you guys do that stuff yeah and i just think it's it's even just fun like
it's only three four days like i don't know how much better you're gonna get but but just being
on the ice with i don't skate with connor
very much i don't see him but i've got to know him over the years and just it's just fun i feel
like a little kid honestly just watching mcdavid just fly around it and veil is it's just fun and
sid and you know and then kachuk's doing his thing it's's really cool. It's a group of guys that would never skate together
just because America's Canadians,
and it's just a different mix.
But yeah, it's just one of those great memories
I look back on that it's really cool to be a part of.
Another off-season storyline, not storyline,
but event was Makar's wedding.
I saw some pictures and videos of that.
Looked like it was a great time.
Was he up there ripping?
Was he singing karaoke?
Was he the one performing at the end I saw?
Yeah, Kale's a bit of a, I shouldn't say a showman,
but when he gets into his moods and he's a fun guy,
he likes to dance and he likes to have a good time and i think
when his wife's around he definitely loosens up more when and it's just the boys around so
uh awesome wedding beautiful and boulder um yeah it was great super nice what else did you do this
summer uh because my understanding it was there's a lot of rest behind it like this was an off year
for you or last summer like for training you ramped it up or you you had a down summer so
what did you do for fun did you go to like hawaii or or any fun vacations yeah i went to europe um
yeah i went to wimbledon that was really cool um you wear a top hat no no top hat i know i can't rock that bit i wish um but yeah the training
it's just it's a little lighter than it used to be that i was like early 20s it was so so so such
a grind i'd say um i just find like a you know playing 22 23 a night, the style of my game is super high pace, super high energy.
After every game, I'm pretty bagged.
With Andy and the people around me, just trying to take miles off my body is the key.
I've laid such a great foundation over the years.
Every summer, just working really hard.
Then I'm still in the gym every day.
It's just lighter.
And sometimes I'm like, is that it, Andy?
That's all I'm going to do today.
But he just said, just trust me.
And I feel good now.
And it was kind of similar last summer as well.
It's just not super taxing.
I had a question about McCarr.
As a guy, when you were in Colorado,
I'd never really heard of him until he kind of came into the league
and he joined you guys in that playoff series, I think, right out of college.
But was he a guy that your team kind of talked about?
Like, hey, we got this kid that could be essentially one of the best defensemen
ever coming in?
Or was he kind of under the radar a little bit yeah i think on his second year at
umass he won the hobie and he was electric out there and we knew you just never know right even
no matter how high you get picked you know there's first overall picks that don't even work out so
you just never know how guys will translate but he looked almost like a sure thing and then his first
game he he dominated and was aggressive and calling for pucks like as a first year guy at 19
doing that is is impressive like just the confidence he has he's quieter off the ice but he is super sure himself on the ice and
that's what you want and um but yeah he's he's special and yeah i still think he'll be he'll end
up one of the best if not the best defenseman ever i was wondering like after we chatted with
you uh it was pretty cool for a lot of people to hear that you had worked with a sports psychologist
and like obviously since then things have gotten to an even crazier level like this season was out of control
for yourself personally have you continued on with that like as as such an intense guy is is that
something where you're able to kind of release some feelings talk to someone and just relax a
little bit mid-season while you while you're getting help with the sports psychology of the game yeah i think it's i mean when i first started it was always we were so dulled in with our bodies like why
does no one really take care of their mind and i think you know i never even even just having like
a process out there i just used to just go out there and like play and if i scored it like it's
just the consistency i think has really helped with my game.
And it's something that I don't think you're ever, like, I think you're either getting
better or worse.
There's, you're never staying the same.
That's my belief.
And the minute you think you're good, you're not.
And so I'm always going to work with her and she's been a big help.
And there's always things that are coming up and new challenges with our team myself so i think it's super important who introduced you to the
pool what's going on with the pool tyson berry tells me you're doing this spatial awareness not
social awareness yeah social awareness i completely butchered that breakdown of that
but it could help with both we don't know science studies studies are still
coming out giving my secrets away well i gotta do something for my fucking ball hockey team
we're gonna have to introduce new training to our regiment because the ans team's coming out
so one little thing i'll say about it yeah i'll play some ball hockey yet no hi so i don't i heard
these ball hockey guys they say that nhl players can't play
like pro ball hockey is that true it would be this is like the flag football you might be a
little different because i rollerbladed my whole life man yeah but it's not they're not on roller
blades they're on feet you can't pass the puck like we're on concrete by the way people who
don't like chicklets cup talk are probably losing their
mind
we're talking about chicklets cup
dude Nate you just get it
and you're shooting
what is the chicklets cup what is that
it's the ball hockey tournament that we throw on that
biz has put this superstar team together
for about five years they didn't even make
the finals last two years so who's like the best
ball hockey player in the world?
Nose face killer probably.
Well, who?
Nose face killer is his name.
He's my stick boy in high school.
The kid's nice with it.
He looks like me, but 20 times uglier and a bigger nose.
So he's got like my nose?
Yeah, you got a bit of a hooked nose going on too.
You got to straighten that bad boy out.
But long story short is it's not as easy as playing roller,
and we don't have sport court, so the ball's hopping everywhere.
Now, we're going to expand the top division, make 16 teams,
and we're going to put the sport court down.
You're more than welcome to come join my team, the Big Deal Selects. We're basically made what?
It's more dangerous than like riding a
motorcycle dude like he can't be doing that but sorry to get up but like the roller hockey though
do you guys like know about roller hockey like i used to play to be nhl guys would dominate the
best in the world end of story you give you guys two weeks that you guys would smoke i think like
patty maroon's like world class. He does it in the summers.
He must protect that thing. Alex Hemsky used to play for like the Czech national team
in the off seasons.
Just dangle everyone.
Did you say he must protect that thing?
Yeah.
Like who's getting it from great?
Yeah, I don't know.
The rig.
Just doing the tripod.
He must be on real out there.
We got off the rails there a little bit.
What did you say to say when he took
8.7 did you know that was coming i hate yeah i mean i remember like in july i'm like man you're
not gonna sign for 8.7 right like like come on he's like i don't know we'll see like it's so
cool though like the legacy he's leaving like how much money he's left on the table and like his desire to still win you know
he's still taking less like it's not like i don't know like if they had a guy making like 15 and he
had to take like he's just taking less just to try to get somebody else you know like this year
next year or whatever so as somebody who's always looked up to him like he's 37 now he's still doing it like that's gotta
not only amaze you but kind of inspire you a little bit like this guy's been able to change
his game as he's not the fastest skater anymore he still dominates does that surprise you he's
still doing it or not at all knowing him man like you should see this guy in the summer like my
workouts are like a joke like the recovery summers i do and he is just
grinding like he just grinds like he loves it i think and um i think too like having i think it's
awesome like not that he wouldn't be motivated but having this um world world four nations thing
and then the olympics the following year so he's got uh no matter what
happens like he's got two things to look forward to and just be dialed in for and i think being
the captain of canada like i can't imagine that pressure so to to be at your best so he's ready
he looks amazing and like all the guys on the ice it's just crazy he's 37 like it's when you really think about
he doesn't look 37 like no in any any way but because he's got kids i guess it must be it
must be the key oh here we go he probably stays motivated by you guys too
he's here in benghis every week the dale yeah the w scottsdale held me back yeah i'd have a 10 other storylines for the abs
landis kog right like how's he looking how's he feel what does it mean to you guys to know that
he could be back and we'll be back playing with you again not just on the ice but the locker room
aspect of it all yeah we are we missing? It sucks without
him. His last game was
their cup, game six.
He lifted the cup and that was the last time
he's played, which is crazy.
Feels like 10 years ago.
I think
he's progressing. He's doing well.
It looks like he's coming back at some
point this season.
He's got a lot of brilliant people around him.
I'm sure once he's back, he'll be able to explain it and everything he's gone through.
He's just been grinding mentally, but you'd never know.
He's honestly the best guy, best captain, just a horse um such a great teammate and he's still involved
he's still around um still brings a great attitude every day which is crazy like how
you'd never know he's even heard so uh we miss him and could definitely use him that's for sure
i'd like to ask you a little bit i mean mean, it seems like the Rantanen,
he seems almost like a little bit of an
anomaly. You don't know too much about
him. He's absolutely mad. If you
never played against him, you wouldn't know how big and
strong he is. He's as big
and strong as, like you were saying, Patty Maroon.
You cannot get the puck
from this guy. He's like Jager. When he turns,
what is he
to go against Hutton practice or see him every day and what he does to defenders must be special. Yeah guy he's like yager when he turns like he like what is he like to go against hut and
practice or see him every day and what he does to defenders must be special yeah he's he's shockingly
big um it says he's six three but he seems like he's six five his head is it's like this fucking
big man it's like it they've been lady like they're like they have like the one button on their snapbacks. That's a bad look.
It's like going sideways.
He is a horse as well.
Just a freak.
He's old school. He stretches for an hour a day. He's the most
flexible guy.
Just a pure goal
scorer.
Super underrated, which is kind of weird. You know, we get so many national games and, you know, I know the,
the Colorado isn't the biggest hockey market,
but I think the last few years it has been.
So, you know, he should get way more recognition than he does,
but I think like the true hockey people know how special he is and how important he is and you know we obviously wouldn't have a cup without him how about the goal
that kid uh cal richie scored the other yeah he must look he must be impressing because like that
move on its own some people like he whiffed i'm like no no no no no no no no like he so in veil
he came to the veil camp and i never skated with him before, really.
Actually, yeah, ever.
And we were playing Tupac after, and he did it, the same thing.
And everyone's like, you whiffed.
Everybody, the whole camp is like, no, you didn't do that.
He's like 19.
He's a little shy or whatever.
So he made him do it again.
He did it again he did it again so
it's it's definitely on purpose and it's crazy i tried to do it today it didn't work don't have
that in me these kids what they can do now it's like crazy even like the michigan i can't do that
i don't know how to do it i don't know this would have to pick it up with his hand and put it on a stick yeah let's not go penalty trying
to do it so what i would have to say same thing you you kind of dodged that the the pool question
like what's going on in the water like you have to do a great job of dodging it i think you move on
no i think it goes i don't want to share my secrets i think we press them for more you don't
know how this works you can so the guy who the guy who treats me uh full-time here in denver he's i get a lot of advice from him
and so he he worked with a lot of skiers and to be like a really good downhill skier you
pretty much have to like no fear so when you do like stuff, it like relaxes your mind and body a little bit.
And we do other stuff in there.
I won't,
I'm not going to get into,
uh,
for the next pod maybe.
Um,
but yeah,
so that's where he gets all of his information from.
And so I go in the pool a little bit.
Is he like spinning you in the pool?
Like what's he doing i'm
not i'm not saying anything else biz come on that's it that's it could we do this is gonna
show up at one of these pools i'm telling you look i'm gonna speedo on i'm gonna the local gym i go
to do you rock a speedo when you go or is it just like normal shorts here it's normal yeah i don't
oh i gotta i just picked up skiing i'm not that
aggressive not that aggressive hey you know what a funny storyline and it was quick and i gotta get
your opinion on it though was last year when after one of the games like rontan and just like
snapped on leckanen's dad were you like what the hell's going on yeah crazy because that whole
thing was all in finnish like in finland. In Finland, I didn't even hear about it.
And then, yeah, I don't think you'll ever see that again.
Did you get the backstory or were you just like, ah, who cares?
I think, yeah.
I mean, I think it was just a comment.
Lucky's dad is like an analyst.
So he just might have said something
about miko's game i don't know he had a bad game or something and then miko had like a sick game
at like four or five points and then was fired up and said something then he apologized to lucky
like three minutes later so they're they're like really good friends so uh it was crazy though it
was like i don't know what was going on so he wasn't just a random dad saying it from his coach at home.
He was an analyst.
So that's at least a little better.
He was on TV.
He wasn't tweeting something.
He was on whatever the finish via play.
That's it.
Well, Witt's arguing with the GM of the Bruins.
I mean, that's nothing.
Well, technically, you are through me.
Did you hear about this?
I saw something the other day about it.
Yeah.
You guys are stirring the pot.
Yeah.
You guys should talk to Sid.
Swamens agents.
Are you guys getting a piece or something?
Yeah.
We're the drug mules.
We're the media mules trying to get the Swamens every cent.
I better get a whole fucking percent of that contract.
I don't know what we've been through.
That'd be nice.
Using our social clout.
It's getting drained out. You said you went to europe this summer like where did you go
and and what would you say were the biggest cultural differences you took from it because
most of the time you're going over there it's for like worlds and playing hockey yeah it seems like
you could actually dial out just relaxing um not that i'm no one really knows me in america but especially over there it's like
no chance of anything um just get off the grid it feels like you know you wake up you don't have
one text because of the time change it's just super nice relaxing and love going over there
um yeah i was definitely tempted to go to worlds last year though now you bring it up like uh i think where the fuck was we were out of the second round and
sid was sid was bugging me and shenner about it saying what if you if you if you if you go i'll
go kind of thing yeah so we were all gonna go and then we're just like i was like bad like i just
played like 105 games lost to dallas like i was
devastated i was like i don't know if i could like because at this point it's like i feel like i'm
like all in or i'm like you know it's hard for me to go over there and just kind of like
give it like 70 you know how worlds is it's like skate around and giggle
yeah you know it's just tough it's different for some guys who like you're on the team right so
it's like different like it's more about leading up to the the four nations and the olympics like
if guys want a chance it's like you're going over there but it's obviously different for you and
sid but another another guy i had to ask about and one of the funniest best people i met in the
game and i know you feel the same and he retired his cogs andrew cogliano like yeah how much did
you enjoy when he
came over when he won the cup with you i remember texting him right after that game like just an
awesome person that that will i think would easily end up in upper management with a team in the nhl
like i said i met him in veil through andy and we have the train with andy and just always had a pretty good connection um and then i've said this before
but like we the the year we won it we're trading for some guys and they asked what they thought
of cogs and i definitely lit up right away like just having that presence in our room that
leadership uh an awesome player as well and um but, he's a special guy and definitely someone that I can relate to really well.
He's always super high, strong, I'd say, intense.
He's very intense in the game.
Very intense and just super dialed in.
And now he's, I think it's special assistant to Chris McFarland, our GM.
Oh, nice.
So he is, yeah, like you you said he is management now already so
but it's like he's still like it's weird it's weird seeing him around the rink
he's always in the gym his hands in his pockets walking around
the guys isn't he good at impressions yeah he's a great storyteller like he's so good
yeah he's a great storyteller like he's so good so good did he ever tell you any of the stories of edmonton like my favorite one for him is like his tooth one stuck in his lip and i think he was on
the ice for like 13 goals against and after the game he's like what do i do with did he ever bring
up the dark days to you like when you're celebrating a cup yeah oh yeah he uh a couple uh
i don't know like duane roland stories too
so he's just awesome and i think he roomed with uh sam gagne like they came in the league together
and i mean it didn't sound like you guys had a great team.
Whit was the number one D.
What do you expect?
But what happened there?
Because they went to the finals in 06,
and then did you guys come in right after that?
They swapped Pronger for Whitney.
Pronger requested a trade.
Oh, okay.
And then it was all down.
Well, at least he looks like him a little bit
first overall pick for like nine years straight yeah yeah he's great though and
and he's it's fun to have someone that just was on our team and just like can relate to
i feel like the league is moving like not in a different direction it's just evolving really quickly
right now and I think he can be
a good bridge from the players
to management and he's
such a great hockey mind so we're lucky to have him
there. I said it to Brad
Tree Living like when we first started
I'm sure same with you like
the GM walked in the room everyone was like oh
shit what did we do wrong here but nowadays
it's like the communication everything's just so much better even with the coaching staff like
I always used to be like why why are you so scared to talk to these guys we're all on the same team
here but it just seems like it's getting better and better do you see that as well yeah it only
makes sense to me I mean like you said we're all in the same boat like if if we lose like everyone's
in one so like no one's going to benefit from
i don't think being scared of a gm or like a coach or um i just think knowing where you stand
is super important especially for a young guy but yeah when i first came to the league it wasn't like
like watching joe sackick i was terrified you know and Paddy Wall and like you know it was it was scary
for sure yeah um now with C-Mac he's like a super personable guy and uh and getting to know Joe he's
a amazing person as well so um I I think it's important I don't know I I'm sure like old school
guys or maybe would think like the fears can be good and i don't disagree with
that but over 82 games like you can't really scare people into playing well for eight months you know
right i don't think that's possible so definitely prefer the new the new way i was just going to
ask about the aggressive trade last year at the deadline getting uh middle stat and swapping out
bull by room like what have
you seen from him so far with the organization because i mean with cup aspirations you kind of
need to find your guys cadre again right your guys yeah swiss army knife and a guy who could
step up in in big moments so uh do you think middle stad's that guy and if you like what
you've seen yeah i definitely do he's a whole different person this year, too. I think he's just super comfortable. It's a lot coming from Buffalo to our team, I think, and just a whole new system and not knowing anybody. guy and wants to get better he'll do anything to get better and um so you can see how comfortable
he is this year and i i definitely expect and i think everyone expects him to have an awesome
year he looks great like he looks awesome out there so we're really excited with that and um
like you said like you need you need like two three four centermen to to win like you need
that depth and he's definitely going to provide that, I think, for sure.
I remember one of the things with Crosby, and it continues,
is every summer adding something or improving something,
and then for you, 140 frigging points.
Then this summer, is there something you still are like,
all right, I don't like this part of my game, or I want this to be stronger?
Was there anything in particular you looked at?
Yeah, I think face-offs. I don't like this part of my game or I want this to be stronger. Was there anything in particular you looked at?
Yeah, I think face-offs. I find practicing them can hurt my wrist sometimes and stuff.
I definitely need to practice that more.
I like to just be around 50, 52 or something.
What were you last year?
I think 46.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Just need to get better at that for sure.
Is that why you're in a great mood when somebody snaps one back on you too?
Is that why you voted for Kucherov, Whit?
Because he was 46 in the drop?
All right, I got to go pick up my son.
Love you, Nate.
Oh, we lost him.
We lost him. He couldn't vote the same as you eh oh i was singing i was doing the the dog tweets all year i think you're the reason you're the
reason why i wanted i think you don't tell him this dude you get a league bonus do you get a
league bonus no bonuses but if i did i would have wired it right to you we did lose wit though uh
he's got to go pick up his kid did you actually have a cereal release in uh in 2021 called
mckinnon crunch is that was that real i did we should get in business we should do some some
cereal for you frosted flakes oh nice that's what it was and they just white labeled it and it was
called the mckinnon crunch i picked it yeah i picked the flavor though i like that so was that right before you got your
deal with tim hortons and became a um a server at their restaurants at their pickup windows that
was like 2015 we said oh that's when that started yeah that was way back when hey how how has that
been do they have you do that same thing every
summer where you surprise people at the window no we didn't we haven't done that since then
we've always wanted to do one where like we get marshy in there just because like we're all
nova scotians and like he's being like a rat and like messing up people's orders and
we gotta like sit him down and like tell them like what to do i don't know
they haven't done that yet but why is it marshy needs to be nicer on the ice to be more marketable
you know oh okay that's not there or maybe he's aligned with dunkin donuts because you got the
bossing connection maybe he's coming at you guys i know he might be but we've always wanted to do
that what do you got what do you got yans'm going to ask you a little bit about Bedard.
Just, you know, seeing, obviously, you came in as a young stud.
And, you know, just seeing him and, obviously, you know,
potential to be playing together for Canada this year.
Just what do you see in a young kid like that and what he's been able to do?
Yeah, I mean, I've done a couple camps with him as well.
And all the stories about how hard he works, um,
is,
is true.
I mean,
this guy's on the ice for like an hour and a half after everyone's done
shooting pucks,
stick handling.
And like the ice is like,
you can barely even move on it.
It's so snowy.
And,
um,
which is great to see.
I mean,
it's,
that's what you want.
I think,
you know, to pull someone back
versus trying to get them to do something
is definitely better.
And he had a great season, you know.
A lot of injuries on the Blackhawks,
and they look like a really good team this year.
So I think, you know, they could be sneaky,
pushing for the playoffs,
and especially, you know, if he has a monster year,
like i think
everyone's expecting uh maybe a little bit of recency bias but you see a few stars getting
hurt in pre-season what are your feelings given with the state of the game and how in shape guys
come into camp and how they could basically just roll into the season what do you give what are
your thoughts on the exhibition schedule like is it too much for you guys and you
have to dress i think eight veterans every game should they limit this and and figure it out to
keep guys healthier going into the season yeah i don't necessarily agree with the veteran rule
i think it's important for young guys to play preseason like it's the only way to really
evaluate them like there's always like practice players that look good you know and then once
you get into a game you can kind of tell like what's what and um but yeah it's tough because
you want to like for me like you want to like play hard and show a good example like do things
the right way but i'm also like i played last night we lost like 6-1 and it was just like i'm
also thinking like i watched drew dowdy like snap his ankle and i'm
just like or lana or it's just kind of like man i could throw my season away from a glorify practice
essentially is all it is you know you're in your game jersey but it doesn't mean anything so
it's a fine line i think um i enjoy playing them i like one or two and that's good for me i don't
need six but um definitely important for,
for young guys to play.
I agree with you.
It should be,
it shouldn't,
you shouldn't have to have the certain amount of veterans.
You know,
like you said,
you ask you guys go up to your captain and say,
how many games you want to play?
One or two boom done.
Yeah.
Maybe the last two when it's all NHL guys and guys are kind of on the same
page.
And the first few games is kind of chaos too.
You get kids and junior running around trying to make a name for themselves.
So,
and you understand that from their part,
but it's definitely,
definitely like,
I mean,
the team's making money off these games,
you know,
it's like,
so my understanding is they're making some of them between one and 3 million
on gate.
So now I get it.
I just think in a sense,
it might be being a little bit short-sighted
now i would imagine the one to three million gate are the teams like toronto and montreal and the
you're kind of like sucking in sucking in these people for the season ticket thing too and and
how it all gets packaged together but uh i definitely think it might be a little bit
excessive with how you guys are coming into training camp now and how you're all all dialed
in and it kind of actually led to my next question given you're so into training camp now and how you're all all dialed in and it kind
of actually led to my next question given you're so into your fitness and and recovery and all this
scientific side of it you consume a lot of like podcasts on these subjects like are you a huberman
guy do you listen to like peter attia or read up on this stuff on longevity because you seem to be
like it's not only just like for hockey it seems to be a
lifestyle thing as gary roberts describes it yeah absolutely i try to listen to as many as i can
i i think it's just great i just love learning about that stuff there's always new information
and even not just for hockey i just think i'm i've always been kind of into it even as a kid
um you know i'd always love going to like popeyes as a kid with my dad and looking at like
protein powder and stuff like i don't know i'm just into it and um definitely love learning
there's so much i don't know i show like a dummy listen to these guys honestly so it's great
popeyes isn't the chicken place in the states he's talking about it's like a gnc yeah oh okay
you know popeyes biz you never think i remember it in moncton they had one it's like a GNC. Yeah. Oh, okay. You know, Popeye's biz? You never.
I think I remember it in Moncton.
They had one.
It's like a GNC, right?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Like a GNC.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, buddy, we can't thank you enough.
I mean, gee, did you have any other questions you want to hop on and ask?
We got the MVP.
I kind of want to just ask about, we've heard so much about you policing the food in the
locker room.
Like, are you still doing
that is that something that the the staff kind of is just aware of now or are you still going in
there being like no sugar no sweets and when the new guys come into where you gotta be like hey i
don't want to see any fucking reese's candy bars before the game wit said you strangled leckanen
because he ate a snickers bar or something i think he reported that last season is that true that's false information that's not true i don't know i'm trying to like i'm trying
to mellow out a little bit for sure um i definitely see some shit and i get mad but uh i'll try to
keep it to myself yeah i don't know i just think when you're at the rink, you're at a pro sports. Like, eat what you want. But I think when you're at the rink, we're at NHL, we're pro athletes.
Like, I think it should be healthy and good food.
And yeah, I just think like the least you can do as a pro athlete is be in good shape.
That's what I think.
Remember, guys used to be drinking Pepsi in between periods.
I mean, you guys, I think, sponsored my Pepsi. But that's a no-go with the nate dog in the room i guess so it should be
little sugar in game isn't too bad it's all good you kind of alluded to it with um the tim horton's
commercial idea would that be your dream line for the four nations yourself sid and marshawn
that would be cool that would be really cool oh yeah i'm i'm
ready for the wing uh yeah definitely i don't think like i don't know like mcdavid said one
two punch you know and then everyone kind of figured out so you like in a room like that
you would essentially delegate to to mcdavid it's like hands down like you are the mvp so
you just oh i don't know since the guy yeah like i i think like you're not putting mcdavid on the
wing like that's crazy i'm not i'm not saying that it seems like you you'd be willing to just
delegate like you're like sid and mcdavid that's what the people want i'll suck it up and play the
wing yeah not even what the people want i just think suck it up and play the wing. Yeah, not even what the people want.
I just think it makes sense.
I don't mind right wing.
I've played wing at other Canada events.
Yeah, I'm comfortable there.
And I think, I don't know if those two have ever played wing.
I'm not saying, I think they can easily figure it out.
They're two of the smartest players ever.
But yeah, I think you have those two guys one two punch um and then you know
if i'm third line center that's cool if i'm playing with my david right i don't love left
wing i could get used to it i like right wing uh just yeah i like being on my off side for the one
time or two actually yeah same player the fuck player. The fuck are you laughing at?
Biz, it's called being a team player.
I thought you were a centerman.
I thought you played center.
No, no, no.
I would snap back a few draws when our two centermen would get kicked out.
But after that.
Nate, he literally one day.
I'm going to step in.
I'm like, no, I got it.
Oh, yeah.
Nate, he legit one day he didn't play
for like 327 consecutive games and he came in the locker room he's like i'm gonna go talk to tip i
want to play or i want them to send me down so i can play me and donor were like dude you have to
get sent down you're done like do not do it so you won't be back prevailed he got a couple more
years out of it yeah
should I tell
Sid to go to the wing do you think
I mean I don't know you're like
I've been working out your gym all these years I'm the
Ted Lindsay winner the MVP I got to get
something out of this I got to get something out of
this relationship yeah
I think he could be 50 and I'll still
I'll still slide I'd still slide over
yeah no problem yeah being on like a like a Nova Scotia line it would be pretty cool like I think he could be 50 and I'll still, I'll still slide. I'd still slide over. Yeah. No problem.
Yeah.
Being on like a,
like a Nova Scotia line,
it would be pretty cool.
Like at the Olympics,
like,
or even this February,
that would be,
that would be special.
I think we'd work well together too.
I think it would,
I think it would actually be a good line,
not just cause we're from Nova Scotia.
I think like the way Marshy plays,
it's just, he is just going to mock for check and he's got unreal skill. not just because we're from Nova Scotia. I think the way Marshy plays,
he is just going to mock Forchak,
and he's got unreal skill,
and then Sid Sid,
and then I can try to push the pace and try to create some room off the rush,
and I think it'd be good.
It'd be great.
I love it.
Given the Americans,
the game plan even before the games,
we don't even care.
They're shaking their boots.
Look at Jans.
All these Americans. The American team is crazy hey like how actually it's crazy
yeah they're unreal since i'm a leafs jock sniffer you skated in the summer with marner
how's he looking what are we about to see this year i think yeah i mean i think
not more of the same because more of the same is unreal usually um you know
if he's played full 82 game season i think you would have over 100 or every year so um but he
looks awesome it's always just like i think it's because like you hear stuff it's always like
negative not always negative about marns but like a lot of the time it's like negative and then you
like get on the ice with them you're, how could anyone ever be negative about this?
You know, that's, that's why I think like, for me, I just admire how good he is.
Just cause like people trip him a lot.
So, um, the up and veil, like he was, he was sick.
Yeah.
He was him and McDavid were flying around together.
It was so fun to watch.
That's why he's coming to the leafs folks
mcdavid coming soon uh we want to thank you for your time mac you're uh i wish i wish you all the
success in the world man we appreciate your time and i can't wait to to cabot links against you
and crosby again for a sandbagger we're gonna chew you up buddy we're gonna chew you up i can't wait
man i can't wait good luck this year man yeah thanks boys really appreciate it
before we go any further guys i need to talk to you about mugsy mugsy makes damn comfortable
clothing for guys everywhere the jeans are unbelievable they're soft they feel like
sweatpants but they look phenomenal.
You would never know how soft these things are when you see somebody wearing them.
Mugsy started by reinventing the jeans game in 2015, and now they make the best jeans,
chinos, tops, and joggers ever.
Mugsy works exclusively with some of the best designers and manufacturers around the world to deliver the finest quality fabrics directly to
your door. I remember when we did the FTNY NYPD game, we were outfitted in Mugsy, the jacket I
still have, the jeans, the shirts, all of their gear is phenomenal. And their entire goal is
making guys more comfortable at work, at the bar, on the course, wherever, by giving them
one place to shop. You can get it all at Mugsy. It's made from buttery
soft patented stretch materials that look stylish but are insanely comfortable. Never too baggy,
never too tight. There's over 20,000 five-star reviews from dudes of every shape and size.
So first-time customers can get 20 back on their first order right now. All you need to do is head
to Mugsy.com and enter your email
and the discount is automatically added to your cart. That's 20 back on the only jeans and pants
you will ever wear again. Free shipping and free returns on every single order. So the only risk
is never knowing how great they truly are. Right now, get involved with Mugsy. Go to MugsyJeans.com
and enter your email for 20
back on the only jeans and
pants you will ever wear again.
Thank you so much
Nathan McKinnon for joining
the show. I cannot wait to see what he
has in store for this year, Biz.
That last season, just a complete
explosion. 50 goals for the first
time, 140 points and it was
cool to hear him talk about like the way he plays the game needing that summer of rest compared to
the summer before of like yeah dude like i am just i'm my motor is always going like he understands
that he plays the game so different than others like it's just constant full effort maximum speed he's more physical than people give
him credit for so the summer of of rest it was i'd never really heard that before i don't know
if you were surprised well so i i was uh i think i was talking to tyson berry when he talked about
the pool exercises and mentioned that and and it didn't shock me just because like you said like
of how he plays and how how hard of an impact that
must be on the nervous system like he's not like being laid back at all like every shift he's
giving it his all and then one other thing about the pool exercises and i'm glad i re-asked him
because i felt like it was dodged the first time was him relating it to a downhill skier and how
they're fearless and they have to have that approach when you're attacking
and going to the net at such a ferocious speed you have to do so with no fear like you see it
with the mcdavids and these other types of players like taylor hall was another example so it was
just really cool to hear his explanation as to why he's doing it i don't know how the pool ends up
correlating to to like to to like help with, but obviously it does and obviously it's working.
I mean, the results speak for themselves.
10 Lidzey, MVP, and this guy will do anything that it takes in order to be the best in the world.
And it's just a credit to him.
And obviously he's a guy that I would love to see from a behind-the-scenes perspective on the Amazon series.
But I also respect certain guys who are a little bit more private about what they have
going on.
And like he kind of joked about, but probably half serious, he doesn't want to reveal his
secrets and every, every little edge you can gain, you're going to need that when you're
competing against a guy like McDavid.
So just, uh, so gracious with his time.
We got 40 awesome minutes out of them and uh
he was my mvp i know he wasn't yours because you got swayed by the the the media and other people
online but that's my guy that's my the dog as they call him yeah i think if i had known that
we could have got him on before the season and not talk to kucherov i'm not gonna lie
a little bit of a regret on that one.
Of course you steward me.
I said before, and I go, this is 100
going to tell him I didn't vote for him. Boom.
Gets me.
That's a partner for you folks right there.
Always busting balls.
That's a role model. Also, I do want to make
it clear that
we're talking about a summer of rest.
This guy was still training like a madman
it's just a little different like he's probably he probably hears me saying shut the fuck up it
was just a little different training i didn't fucking rest i'm a warrior nathan he wasn't he
wasn't sipping my ties on the beach folks he was probably just doing a lot of a lot of massage
therapy getting the hips getting a mobile probably doing some yoga like I was doing.
Dude.
Wicked lot of fat.
Did we talk about one of the stretching sessions we did?
I was telling someone like, buddy, you are the tightest human being.
It's actually sad.
Your hips don't move.
Your back. Have you always been like that yeah i've always been tight i think guys he sits down and straightens his legs
he can't even touch like the end of his end of his uh shin shit you're getting to your knees bro
yeah and that's after doing yoga all summer so
def flexibility and range of motion is something that cause a lot of my injuries and now i
understand why a lot of these players half of their focus in the off season is elongating
relaxing opening up their hips because if if you don't have loose hips ankles knee and all this
flexion and mobility it's just going to lead to more and more injuries.
So definitely a goal of mine going into next Tricklets Cup
that I will be playing in.
I will not be sidelined,
and we're going to drum the Boston Stranglers.
But that's pretty much all I had on the McKinnon interview,
unless you guys, is there anything that stuck out to you, G,
behind the scenes there?
Anything in the interview that stuck out to you?
Sorry to put you on the spot. and I think you actually you guys kind of touched on this in the uh the interview with uh uh the Amazon showrunner was just the importance of Gabriel
Landeskog in that locker room I mean so many people think McKinnon's the face of the team
but when you heard McKinnon talk about just what he means to them that was really up that was eye-opening to me yeah and and also to relieve a little stress from from mckinnon from a leadership
perspective because it seems like a lot of his focus is just on him worrying about his game where
and that's not a knock either like he's still a leader and how he sets the example and how he
plays and how he prepares to play but i think it takes a special human being to not only do that but also be and be there and worry about others and keeping the
room balance like i was fortunate enough to obviously see crosby for the small amount of
time that i did and then we had shane doan for five years in arizona where buddy like his job
didn't end uh you know when he left the rink, it was worrying
about everybody's personal lives also. And it's almost like the drama biz though, that the team
had this year with Nishushkin, like getting basically kicked off the team. It's like
McKinnon was probably the one in the room that had to stand up and address the team
while thinking I'm the best player I got to put out every night. So it's, that's a stressful
situation. Yeah. And he's also, we've talked about this time and time again he's a very intense individual so
sometimes you need that good cop bad cop whereas if you don't have the good cop it's just like it's
the the what do you call it like the the the weights off the scales off so him coming back
not only for his play and what he brings to the net front and his wall work
and his battle and compete level but for that in-room dynamic it would be so massive to this
team if they got not only nachushkin back but also landa skog from a leadership perspective and
i think don't you think um don't you think it is a it is very interesting team to watch this year
though like big time i'm not like as good as their
top end talent is i'm like oh i don't know i don't know there's some question marks there that are
going to be very interesting to see play out you know with mckinnon and his temper i guess or his
like is is just his like passion to win like it's going to be weird to see their start and see how
they get going because there's,
there are question marks in Colorado,
no doubt.
Yeah.
And,
and I asked them in the interview,
I think a lot is also going to depend on the growth of,
of middle stat up the middle and what he can provide in that second line
role because they've,
you know,
when they did have their success,
the one,
two punch.
And in some cases,
even the one,
two,
three punch was unbelievable down the middle where i
think he has to he has to get to that next level it kind of goes back to to what we saw from talk
it like he went in there and had the half a year with vancouver he was able to see what needed to
be corrected and then last year he goes on to win the jack adams the team looks completely different
where middle stat got that taste he knows what the expectations are, getting out of Buffalo and now being on a team like Colorado
where it's like you had to have had a good offseason
and you got to come in, hit the ground running
to get this team based on
where I think probably their fan base
and their organization has that expectation level at.
So interesting times in Colorado,
but I agree with you.
This is a team, in my opinion, on paper right now.
I think they're like third or fourth best in the West at best
where they're going to have to have a lot of guys
having breakout seasons to prove us wrong.
And staying in the Central Division, big news from Utah.
I love seeing this.
Now Seattle is the only team without an NHL captain.
Utah named Clayton Keller, their new captain.
Cool little video they put out kind of announcing it.
Those jerseys are fresh.
I love the look of those.
And he's got the C on there.
And for a smaller guy who there were some question marks coming in,
like would he be as dominant as he was in college?
Would he live up to where he was drafted?
He is so consistent.
And on a team that's had little to no success since he came into the league.
He has produced points, played at a high pace. Last year, I think was 38 goals, 36 goals right around there. Makes total sense for me as a young guy and the best player on that team to be named
captain. You've seen him the past few years. Do you agree? Yeah, I was blessed to see the growth of Clayton Keller
as I spent time in Arizona with their staff on the media side.
And, you know, he had that big rookie year.
He ends up getting nominated for the Calder.
And, you know, all of a sudden after that,
there's obviously a little bit more focus on you
because teams around the league are aware of the talents that he had. And I would say there was a little bit of a setback in years two and even maybe in
year three. And, you know, they, they provided them with that big contract where maybe some
people questioned whether he should have got that much money. But, um, you know, even when he,
he went through those, those hurdles, he, he kept working, you know, not only off the ice from a
physical standpoint in
order to put a little bit of muscle on and prepare for going against top guys, game in and game out,
uh, also the mental approach, working with a psychologist, a sports psychologist. Um, and then
as he started progressing and seeing more and more results and got back to more of what it
looked like in year one, um um he suffered that nasty femur
break right and that was like you never know where that can go right that's a catastrophic injury that
might you know you might never see that same player again and and and battle through the rehab on that
and then going back to the last few seasons and what he's been able to do from a production
standpoint and gaining chemistry with schmaltz on a line and last year with Barrett
Hayton and and finally like after everything he's done in the body of work that he had in Arizona
for him to move to this new city and and get this fresh start with getting the captaincy is is huge
in my opinion it's well deserved I think from uh you know from uh showing up to the rink and
providing that example for the future of Utah
and these younger players, he's exactly what you want in a leader.
And I just said everything as to why I think that.
And it's a great fresh start for him in a new city as well as the organization.
And I think that they got their guy.
So congrats to him, and I hope he keeps doing what he's been doing.
And it's a testament to the hard work that he's put in behind the scenes.
Yeah, last year I was wrong.
It was 33 goals last year, but he had 37 the year prior.
He's got 98 goals the last three seasons, 225 points.
He's now consistently that point-per-game player
that I think everyone envisioned when he was picked seventh overall.
And in staying with the good news in Utah,
what an awesome setup it seems to be for their opener and their beginning as a new franchise.
First off, I saw the prices.
I saw the prices of some of the food there.
Like the Masters.
It's unreal.
It's awesome.
Ryan Smith, the great move.
And obviously the alcohol is probably expensive, but all the food, two to three bucks for everything. And you talk about how hard it is to take a family to an NHL game now
with parking tickets, getting your son or daughter a shirt or a hat,
and then the food on top of it.
It's like that's a great move by a new owner who respects the fans.
He respects what he wants to build there.
He expects very special things.
And now he's getting to kind of show his team off to the league,
show his team off to the world. And I think that the fans are going to be great. I also saw a story where there are seats there where you're actually kind of blocked out from seeing the net in that end you're sitting in, in that zone you're sitting.
Very similar to what Phoenix dealt with in
Arizona with that owner.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just a complete one 80.
And I think that players realize that,
especially when he first bought the team,
he flew down to Arizona,
took them all golfing at the national.
And he literally said to them,
he goes,
what do,
what do we need to do differently?
So you guys come over there and it makes your jobs as easy as possible?
And we're going to get them on.
So I would love to just pick his brain on what the mentality is from the organization's perspective on how they're going to make that fan base what it's going to be.
So I'm fired up to get them on and ask them all those questions that you teed up. So
that's pretty much all I got on the
Utah subject. But they got a lot going on
there with this weekend.
I think that Shabuzy, do you know
who that is? He sings
the Tipsy song? Yeah, the Tipsy
song. They're going to have him there for the opening
ceremonies and leading everybody into
the rink and performing. And I
want to say they just had UFC there.
So a big week in Utah for the grand opening.
And they're going to be playing the Chicago Blackhawks,
Conor Bedard, such a smart play by the league
to get everybody's attention there watching the next Sidney Crosby.
And Bedard, I saw our boy Chief at Barstool with a couple post-mode,
Bedard's been just mixing it up in preseason.
I don't know if you saw the last game with Bull Duke.
I mean, he gives it to him in the offensive zone.
They go back into the defensive end in front of the goalie.
It ends up being a huge scrum where he was taking no shit.
He's probably approaching things a little bit different,
adding an edge to his game.
Well, yeah, I was hanging out with him all summer in Vancouver.
Yeah, he's like, I don't want to end up like this guy. at the top of the gross grind i was i was showing him a few tricks like
the jersey jab and how to grab on and how to throw a proper right hook but not get caught wide open
so you're gonna i got uh i got the over on five scraps for bedard this year just chucking knucks
imagine him and mcdermott just going toe-to-toe.
Him and Revo.
He dummies Revo.
Yeah, the new king in town.
Before we throw it to Revo,
this is kind of groundbreaking news, Biz.
Apparently, it is a done deal.
First reported by Jimmy Conley, the NCAA Division I Council will act Tuesday or Wednesday of this week on emergency legislation that would allow CHL players to maintain NCAA eligibility. At least two commissioners have told coaches they expect it to pass. Braxton Whitehead is the first player who committed to ASU. I believe he's in the WHL somewhere. This is crazy, dude. Crazy. In all the years of, hey, is this kid
going to go to major junior? Is he going to go to college? The fact it could be one now,
and you can go at 16, 17 and play in the OHL or the Quebec, the WHL, play a couple of years and
then go to BU or go to BC or, or go to Wisconsin.
It's like,
this will change the landscape of,
of my,
not minor hockey,
but junior hockey.
I do wonder if it's really going to affect the USHL.
I don't know if they would end up taking a hit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I would say that if it does to a certain degree,
maybe you have to trim the fat on the amount of teams that they have in the
USHL. But I think that's hurting the USHL, you know, like that's, well, certain degree maybe you have to trim the fat on the amount of teams that they have in the ushl but
i think well that's hurting ushl you know like that's no well i get it but also if you got a
team that's not getting any fans and it's like if the team's bleeding money and like you'd really
need to have that many teams i think for the betterment of hockey it's wise to do it the way
that they're going to do it now because now now with those top prospects, when they're 16, 17, before they can even head
off to college, you're getting to play at the highest level.
And, you know, whereas before you couldn't and you had to wait to go to university where
even for kids who end up playing junior a like OHL, CHL hockey till till they're 1920 like the development doesn't stop
there like some of them can't right away go play pro and instead of having to go to canadian
university hockey because you've ruined your eligibility you can go play university hockey
where in some cases some of these guys are 21 22 23 i mean Christ, Quinnipiac's got 28-year-olds with families playing.
So why not create essentially another stop before you would end up going pro
that is better than CHL hockey where you can continue your development?
And people are going to say, oh, I saw some tweets,
say goodbye to like junior, a.k.a AKA CHL hockey, where it's like,
no man,
you're going to get more of these top prospects playing for a few years where
if they're that good,
they would have gone off and played pro anyway.
So now they could stop there,
show off their skills for two more years,
develop at an even higher level level with more resources.
And Hey,
if the plan was to go off to college,
at least those those those
teams got two years of production off off of an unbelievable player and see you later whether
it would or not otherwise so this is a good thing for hockey overall and the example i used before
was just it's based off a guy i talked to tyson nash where his kid played in the WHL and he was a little bit undersized
where you know he played a couple years finally got his footing underneath him by the time he
played his his second last year and then in his overage year he was a dominant player but maybe
he would have had to go play in the ECHL no go get a good education and no offense to the ECHL but
go play at a high level of hockey get a really good education and no offense to the ECHL, but go play at a high level of hockey,
get a really good education. And maybe the road doesn't stop after that, where you're not really
pigeonholing yourself or not only can you play high level hockey, but get that education. So
in his example was it's so stupid that he can't go off and do that. Well, now he can. So good,
good for them to figuring this all out. And I just think it's going to help both leagues out.
I think it's going to help out college.
I think college hockey now
is going to get even better.
In the notes here, G's mentioning
it's great for the smaller market NCAA
teams who kind of get smoked
in the transfer portal right now.
I don't know if they'll ever change the transfer portal
in any way where they kind of limit the
amount of times the kids can move. Right now,
you can play four years of college
on four different teams. It's a little crazy.
I think that's bullshit. I think it's a little hectic
for coaches to not be able to plan moving
forward because all of a sudden, the kid's in
the portal. It's like, oh, we planned on having him.
We got to go another route now.
I could picture now
you'll still have
the Connor McDavid's, not even McDavid
and Bedard's, but high level kids
going to junior at 16,
going to the NHL at 18. That'll still
happen. But for a lot of other kids, man,
you play two years in the O, two years
in the dub, then you go over and
you go to BU or something.
As you're saying,
you don't need to be ready to play in the
NHL at 20 years old.
There are so many kids who are undersized.
They're late bloomers.
And all of a sudden now you go to college.
You're 23, 24.
You graduate.
You get an NHL contract.
And thankfully for that stop, that ability to go play college after junior, you grew into a man.
Your game came into form.
And you found a way to get to the NHL through a totally
different path. So it's crazy to see. I have been so impressed with what the USHL has turned into,
especially in getting these Canadian kids like Adam Fantilli. He goes down and plays for Chicago.
Owen Power plays in Chicago and you've seen the Chicago Steel be basically the powerhouse of these
big time prospects. They might take a hit, which I do feel bad for,
but the overall game of hockey, especially college hockey,
will just be that much better for this.
Agreed. And just going back to my transfer portal comment,
I think that if it is a case where you do it once,
you should be able to slide right in.
But if you do it again, then it should be a situation
where maybe you have to sit out half a season or a season.
It used to be if you did it, you had to sit out a whole season or it used to be if you did it you had to sit out a whole year correct i think that you should get one strike because sometimes the
you know maybe the coach didn't take a liking to you and you committed there and you find yourself
you know being a healthy scratch and you could go to another team where you're you're you know you
fit in a little bit more so doing it one time isn't the worst if you're if all of a sudden you're on
four different teams throughout your college career like come on here like i think the one discussion i had about it i don't know if
the i don't know if the the team is necessarily the issue if that's the case yes and the one
discussion i'd had before was um i remember when i was playing college there'd be guys who chatted
about how stupid it was or how ridiculous we thought that if you left, you had to sit out a year.
It's like,
who's going to do that?
Cause you're thinking more about,
um,
a kid going into his junior year,
a nice freshman class comes in and you're playing fourth line and out of
the lineup.
And you're like,
I got two years left.
And those types of kids are like,
they should be able to move somewhere else where they could play more.
And they could at least like get a chance to,
to be a bigger part of a team.
I get it.
But when you have the kids who are playing first power play 20 minutes a game as a forward and they're leaving that is something where it's like all right well you kind of got everything you want
i understand maybe the team was bad or you didn't get along with the coach but if you're playing an
enormous amount and big minutes and a key player on a team and you're leaving that's where i think
the coaches are like this is out of control so we'll see what happened and you also in certain cases then might be doing it for the wrong reason
because these guys could get paid now right so if you're just jumping to get a bigger bag or
whatever it may be we're like you're saying if they're giving it getting everything that they
want and yet they still want to leave what are the reasons so uh i think it's a great thing and
even going back to my ushl comments where maybe it doesn't hurt them.
Maybe for whatever reason, it helps them.
Nobody really knows the ramifications until it begins.
I just can't see Canadian kids going down there anymore.
Maybe I'm wrong, but it would be like, I think Fantilli, like he would have played in the O, you know?
Correct.
So we'll see.
But it's still, it's kind of a landmark moment in
player development for this to happen and we'll see what ends up going on in the ramifications
if it even passes it sounds like it will so it's a pretty cool story but with that i think it's
time to go to our boy ryan reeves i gee was this is the champ is here this is his fourth time on
the show fourth or fifth but including uh all the live streams that he's come on as well.
He's in the tens at this point.
He's Chicklets Nation.
He's an awesome guy.
And he's, if not the toughest, he's right there.
Revo, sorry, take it back.
You are the toughest.
And if I say one more thing about Mitch Marner, he might kill me.
You're dead.
You're dead.
So right now, Toronto Maple Leafs forward, Ryan Reeves.
Before we continue, I need to talk to you about Lucy.
Lucy is the obvious choice for the true nicotine pouch connoisseurs.
That's why they're the official nicotine pouch partner of Barstool Sports.
Lucy pouches go up to 12 milligrams in strength and have a unique shape that feels great.
Lucy breakers are the only
pouches with a hydration capsule inside. They're a totally new kind of pouch only available from
Lucy. Each Breaker pouch contains a hydration capsule that you crack open with your teeth
before tossing it in your lip. The capsule releases a burst of flavor and helps release
nicotine faster for an experience that you can't find in any other pouch. Gas station pouches get the job done,
but once you've tried Lucy and these flavors,
you won't want anything else in your pocket.
Get Lucy shipped straight to your door.
It's so easy.
Visit lucy.co slash chicklets
and use the promo code chicklets
to get 20 off your first order.
Subscribe for another 15 off
and shipping's always free.
The Lucy Breakers are incredible. Espresso is my
jump off. So right now,
lucy.co slash chicklets.
We are very, very pleased to welcome
on, I think this might be your fifth
time. The champ is here.
The champ is here.
The champ is here. Already given us that flex bicep ryan reeves revo what's
going on bud thanks for coming on fellas long time no see long time long time we haven't chatted in
quite a while it's hard to get these maple leafs on the show biz these guys it's a different breed
up there oh yeah oh yeah they got your nuts and a vice there they make you they keep you tight it's
a tight knit up here oh they know just answer this revo revo answer this is it our year it's it's our
year it is one it's 100 our year biz we don't want to hear nothing about it it is 100 are you well
once you sign off and we drop this episode i'll talk some shit but you
know how i work i don't say things to people's face i wait till they leave you're mad at the
people i know i know you go where the people go but hey you know what i think biggest news
in leaf land you know new coach and all that but it's austin matthews getting the c and and with
you getting to spend a year with them and kind of seeing how not only the player he is, but the leader he is, does it make sense?
And I imagine it was probably hard for Tavares, but a pretty unselfish move for him being on board.
Yeah, I mean, obviously, it's a hard situation.
You have a guy in Johnny who is a great leader, who's done nothing but great things for the city, the organization.
And then you have Tone tone who um has shown that
he can he can lead and you know on and off the ice so um johnny has handled it very graciously
um much better than i think a lot of people would have handled it uh he's been around the room he's
uh he hasn't changed a bit he's joking around he's been loose so um you know sometimes these
things happen sometimes you just gotta pass the torch to the younger guy.
And I think it's going to be fine.
They seem fine.
And Johnny's been great.
So I think we're good.
I think he's one of the classiest guys in the league,
especially the way he handled it.
And what he said at the press conference too,
I know he read it off his phone or whatever,
but I just thought everything that he said was top notch.
Yeah, he's been classy about the whole thing. And like you said, it's got to be a hard situation I just thought everything that he said was top notch. He's yeah.
He's,
he's been classy about the whole thing.
And like you said,
it's gotta be a hard situation for him.
You know,
it's not easy,
uh,
getting put in that situation,
but,
uh,
hats off to him.
He's been,
he's been unbelievable.
Revo.
I actually didn't even want to ask any questions.
I just wanted to get you on to,
to,
so you could personally apologize to Mitch Marner for me.
Cause I was a little hard on him after a playoffs last year and maybe his
performance. So if you could just pass along the message, I me because I was a little hard on him after playoffs last year and maybe his performance.
So if you could just pass along the message,
I was being a hardcore fan and I was speaking some nonsense.
So if you could give him my apologies.
I did say that, but you know what, Biz?
I think you have to do that to his face.
I think the telephone apology isn't going to work here.
That's like a wit apology biz you sound like
me like hey can you tell that guy for me i'm sorry what i mean is like i don't like that i
don't like that in all serious no revo like we have talked about his skill and everything and
he gets a lot of heat did you kind of feel bad for him is he able to kind of put that stuff to
the side because a very special player who all of a sudden has like entire leafs nation coming at him where it was like everyone you know you win as a
team and lose his team so i imagine you as a guy who protects all these dudes you had to feel a
little bit like this isn't necessarily fair oh i i didn't think it was fair at all like um you can't
put a whole playoff series on one guy and you, you know, just because one guy's not,
it's not like he was, you know, it's not like he was horrible.
You know, the points just weren't coming for him.
And, you know, that happens.
But you win as a team, you lose as a team.
You guys know that.
You're not, you can't just point the finger at one guy.
So, yeah, I felt bad for him.
Everybody was jumping on him, business jumping on him.
You know, if I was around, I would have slapped the shit out of you.
But that's just how it is up in toronto that's just how it is in the
hockey nation why why don't we do that as an apology how about the next time i see you i'll
let you slap me square in the face no you know what as an apology you book rough and rowdy for
when i uh when i retire all right okay i'm gonna deal i'm Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm low on T, so I need like a handicap.
Yeah, he's low T now, dude.
I got low T.
Yeah, no testosterone.
Why?
What's wrong?
I don't know.
He's the horniest person in the world that says he's low T.
It makes no sense.
I shit my pants the other day.
There's a lot going wrong with me.
There's no weight class in Rough and Rowdy, so you do what you got to do.
No, but in Leafs Nation, Revo, it must be crazy.
I mean, you were a ranger.
But it's just different up there in terms of going out to dinner,
just leaving your apartment or your house.
Was it really kind of shocking for you to deal with it at the beginning?
And you're somebody who loves being a part, being a good quote,
talking to media.
But it must have been a little overwhelming at times.
You know, it was hard for me at the beginning of the year because i was playing like shit and you know
like you said when you when you're not performing here the you know the media jumps on you the fans
you know the you know the fans are sitting in their parents basement they jump on you
but uh it it definitely happens and i uh you know i went through a little bit of a tough stretch
there where you know i couldn't get anything going on the ice and i uh you know i went through a little bit of a tough stretch there
where you know i couldn't get anything going on the ice and i was getting scratched everybody
wants me out of here and uh yeah it was it was the first time i really experienced some you know
uh low confidence for a couple months there and then when i finally came back you know i played
better kind of kind of a tale of two uh two seasons for me so um hopefully i'm going to start
off where i ended and then just keep that going for
the rest of the year.
I think it was a knee injury where you ended up just jamming it up in the wall, it looked
like.
But like you said, Revo, the second half of the season, you guys had so much chemistry
on that fourth line and it really led into playoffs.
What was it that was at that layoff with the injury that helped you reset and get a little
bit more confidence i i think so i honestly i i treated that a little bit of time i had i think
it was almost two months i didn't play i treated like a mini training camp i was working on speed
hands just everything i'm getting fast again obviously rehabbing the knee but i think you
know that time off just to reset and kind of get the noise out of my ear and just get my legs back
under me uh really helped you know it was like my first game. I felt great coming back
and then just kind of never looked back. That's what's hard about like coming back from a lower
body injury is like, you know, you're up if it's if it's a shoulder, you could be buzzing around.
So that was like amazing for you to come back and play that much better. But it's interesting to
hear you say your confidence was a little bit shattered because you are a confident guy like that had to be something that you're like all right i'm i'm
digging deep here to find like my game again and almost block out the noise that you can't help but
see when you're on the leafs yeah well that was the thing it's like i'd never been through you
know obviously i've been on teams where you know i have a couple bad games and all the fans just
like oh holy you know what's this? What are we doing with this guy?
But I went through a pretty long stretch there.
It was like 10, 15 games where I was horrible.
You know what I mean?
I just couldn't get it.
And then some games I wasn't horrible, but I was still eating daffies all the time.
Or you'd take a penalty, they'd score.
Just little stuff like that.
And then it just it just
kind of snowballed to the point where like every time i got on the ice it was like you know just
don't get scored on but when you you know what what happens when you go out there like that you
get scored on immediately right so um yeah it was i just it was a hard stretch probably the hardest
stretch i've ever gone through but um you know there's some pretty good skating coaches here,
especially Haley Wickenheiser.
She helped me a lot
throughout that stretch.
A couple of other coaches
for sure, too, but she was
really good for me and just kind of get my confidence back,
my speed back, everything.
Revo, one of the hardest
things as I got older as a pro was just
Sorry, Nicky Angelpop, too. Shout out to you. Oh, no was with you he's up there he's still there oh nicky's nicky's
still buzzing i heard his kid's pretty nasty too is this kid playing i don't i don't know actually
i met him he's got uh i just knew him because he was walking in with him he had some good
nice flow like nicky does so uh i didn't see him skate though
oh awesome um but what i was saying is the the hardest part for me as i started getting older
and especially being in a similar role to you was was keeping up with these young guys and you just
mentioned working on your skating during that time off you're always in the gym like you're you're
not allergic to hard work have you really had to alter the workouts in order to be able to keep up
with these guys like a ton like you know i think i think we've talked about this you know a ton
every time i come on on this show but you know when i first came in the league i was i was hucking
weights around and you know sitting there bench pressing three plates four plates you know i mean
just getting ready to fight all these these animals that were in the league and then all of a sudden
they're all gone and all these kids are coming in they're just buzzing
around and um yeah i you know this this summer i'm a little bit smaller and then all i did was
work on speed i'm not saying i'm the fastest guy in the league right now but i i definitely got
faster just to you know kind of keep up and and be able to keep up with that new pace that this nhl is now and and with that
said before you go with like we we talked to liam o'brien today as well it seems like with
rempe coming in and some of these other young guys there's been a been a little bit of a revival of
the heavyweight division so have you been doing also boxing in the offseason because there's
gonna be a lot of guys coming at you and challenging you and then obviously with the
skill guys in that Leafs lineup,
you're going to be busy protecting them the whole season as well.
Yeah, I mean, I throw some punches here and there.
I don't do it as much as I used to for sure.
I think I've kind of got my technique down more.
It's more just like the punching power now is what I work on.
But I don't do a ton of boxing.
I throw a little bit, but not a ton.
Do you find that, though?
Do you find that there's been a revival?
I mean, this is just me talking in the media sense.
I'm trying to get it fired back up because I think it's an element of our game
that went away for a little bit that the fans crave.
But I'm sure Wi-Fi is going to be coming for the belt.
I'm sure, I mean, I'm sure, what's his name?
Rempe is going to be challenging you. Are. I'm sure, I mean, I'm sure, what's his name? Rempe is going to be challenging you.
Are you seeing it as well?
No, absolutely.
Well, you know what?
The day I really saw it was the day that Rempe came into Toronto.
There was two top teams in the league going at it,
close to the playoffs.
Both teams needed points to stay on top of the division.
And all they talked about was the fight. was it was the fight leading up that week and then it was a fight
after the game and you know i'm not saying that it you know it didn't overshadow the game but it
was just it was cool to see that everybody was still very interested in that part of the game
so yeah no i i think it's coming back you know you got got you know the young guys like wi-fi and rempy that are in the league now um you know they're not going anywhere
so the heavyweight division isn't going anywhere the the the people who hate it are like just
screaming at clouds like because they can dog it and they could say what they want but you i
remember that game and the lead up and like even in the after the morning skate and it was wild uh but
back to other things with the Leafs like when Keefe was gone when when Keefe like left or was
fired it was more about like hey they need Berube they need Berube and then there was a long wait
and boom Chiefs there now I don't know if you've talked to him or or he's given given out his kind
of game plan for you or talk to other guys but it seems like a Stanley Cup winning coach in Toronto
somebody who's very holds guys accountable is exactly what you guys needed nothing against
sheldon keith at all yeah yeah you know i think when you have a coach that has been here for a
while like keifer was and um you don't have the success i think sometimes the message starts to
get stale and that's not you know that's not necessarily on one guy i think that's just how you know sports is i think sometimes you just need a new voice
well with a different approach um you know and to me chief might be just the exact opposite you
know a little more personable a little more like um you know he's going to come talk to you and
shoot it to you completely straight and uh you know I think that's what guys need here, I think.
You know, he probably is going to bring a little more grit into our lineup
just by his style.
And I think that's important for this team.
I mean, going back to the heartbreak of that Game 7 overtime loss,
like going through that as a member of the team with the fact that, like,
Nylander wasn't starting and all of a sudden Matthews was out and then game
seven comes in like walls hurt.
Like how fucked up was all that?
Like living that in real time in that locker room,
were you in the know or were you getting to the rink being like,
why the fuck isn't Matthews playing?
Like what was,
what was all happening?
Yeah,
it was,
it was weird.
Cause it was like,
you know,
nobody knew what was going on with Willie had migraines and, um, it was it was weird because it was like you know nobody knew what was going on
with willie had migraines and um it was uh didn't know what was happening with him and he just like
he couldn't get on the ice and then um and then maddie all of a sudden was just like really sick
and and couldn't and just like couldn't do anything i remember looking at maddie uh the game before he
didn't play and i looked down at the bench and he looked like he just ran
four marathons after coming off of after shift i was like man this guy's got to get off the sheet
but you know the competitor is our best player you know you know you're not going to tell him
to get off but um you know he ended up having to leave and couldn't play the next couple days
it just it felt like stuff started snowballing the wrong direction for us. And yeah, unfortunately, we just couldn't recover.
I know you have two small kids or two younger kids.
Has your family enjoyed Toronto?
Is your son playing hockey?
Obviously, the madness of youth hockey around there.
But how has the family taken to living in TO?
Yeah, we're starting to get used to it.
I think the only thing that we
don't like is the traffic we it's horrible it's horrible and they just shut down a couple of lanes
on the qew2 which is you know the major highway here it's it's been madness and uh you know we
pre-game skate down in downtown so sometimes it takes me like an hour to get to pre-game skate
do you just stay down there no it's like an hour there but it's only it's only takes me 17 minutes to get back it's just traffic going into toronto yeah and then
you know going to a game it's it's a little little better because of the traffic's going the other
way but you know it's still 35 40 minutes so you're in you're in the car for a lot before games
um they started taking the train actually which takes you right to the right to the arena
which is nice um but yeah we're i don't venture downtown too often to be honest i kind of stay in
my area but uh yeah we like it the kids are my daughter just started gymnastics my kid my son's
buzzing in hockey is doing really well so uh yeah we like it down here good for him i didn't know about locker room wise
like are you are you in charge of the music like who's kind of the clown in the room i don't know
what that room's like it's it's so hard to hear anything about the leafs it's so private but
is it it's got to be a close-knit group yeah you know we are and then that was the one thing you
know when i when i came here it was like you know the locker room needs an adjustment it's not it's not tight blah blah i came here like
i didn't see that you know maybe maybe a little quieter than than some locker rooms i've been in
but you know not every not every locker room could be a party right um but no it's a great
group of guys everybody likes each other we all go out together uh you know we do dinners together um i got no issue with the locker room what what are your favorite restaurants in toronto
where you guys hitting up or do you guys usually go do all your damage on the road uh we don't get
together a lot during the season in toronto just because guys are kind of spread apart all the all
the good stuff is downtown and um you know guys who live out here don't really want to venture
out that much but i will say mitchie's got a nice uh restaurant out here
uh i'll give him a little plug blue bovine downtown it's a nice spot that's mitch marner's
restaurant yeah can we maybe get like a discount code for the for the you ain't allowed in there
bitch you can't even step foot in there i'll be in that union. It's in that union station.
I'll be surprised to even let you in union station.
I'm part of the chain gang.
I don't know if you heard.
I'm part of the chain gang.
He said it.
You got to work your way back up to that.
You think it's that you think that the relationship's been that tarnished based on my postseason comments?
Well, I don't know what kind of relationship you have, but I think, you know, I think at very least you have to start with an apology and not one through
me.
Um,
God,
maybe,
yeah,
maybe I should do like a players,
maybe like a players tribune article apologizing.
No,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
that that's such,
that's such coward shit coming out of your mouth right now.
Like face to face,
you know,
a nice base time,
you know,
I'll,
I'll ask him if I can give'll i'll ask him if i can give
i'll ask him if i can give give you his number and then if he gives okay you guys can you know
sit down you can explain your thought process and then have a heartfelt conversation with him
i don't even know if i could look him in the eyes i'd be so nervous at this you should have to call
his dad first and then him
you need to apologize both of them have you met paul his dad might tear a strip off you oh god
that's that's who i'm really afraid of the one other question i had for you uh have you met
ty have you hung around with ty quite a bit because max is around i mean that's got to be
an instant connection between you two you know what i met him uh i met him for sure a
couple times and then uh to be honest when i was going through that tough time he was texting me
all the time like all the time he was a guy who really like yeah he chatted with me a lot he was
he was great through that and even throughout the whole season he was he was really good to me
yeah you we uh we were out with uh i was out with domes i don't know we're on the road one day
and uh he facetimes domes all right facetime domes or you just facetime me he's like i don't
want to talk to max i'm just talking to you for a second that's unbelievable actually uh speaking
of max uh we had we did have wi-fi on or i guess the fans hate that name i'll say arbor jack i my
apologies and you guys went to a snoop dog concert you guys have this like a merch collab going on
both of you with snoop dog and it just so happens you guys ended up in the green room together and
then we heard about this awkward dab that that max kind of teed up he's like hey you guys got
to go over and say hello to each other. Yeah, it was.
Yeah, they will.
He went over.
It was like, yeah, just say hi, blah, blah, blah.
And so we kind of like inched our way close to each other.
And we both went to dab each other up.
And then this crowd kind of walked through.
But there was like a lot of people in that crowd. So we just were kind of like and kind of put our hands down for a second.
Hey, what's up, dog?
How you doing? And it was like, yeah, we shot the shit our hands down for a second. Hey, what's up, dog? How you doing?
And then it was like, we shot the shit for a couple of minutes.
Nothing crazy, though.
It's hard, though, because you want to maintain that hatred because when you become friends with the guys, it doesn't come off as genuine when you end up getting in scraps.
Like back in the old days, if they went to celebrity or charity golf tournaments in the summer if you played for a
different team they would sit at opposite tables like they would not interact so i know things
have changed a little bit but it just makes it a little bit uncomfortable from like the
the competitive standpoint you know i mean i've fought guys and like i wanted to kill them and
you know guys that i just don't like on the ice and And I would go have a... I had a beer with Tom Wilson.
I was hanging out with Tom Wilson at Stevenson's wedding.
And we ended up being on the same flight hall.
We were shooting the shit all night.
My wife got a picture of us.
She's like, oh, if I post this, it'll break the internet.
But no, stuff like that.
He's a great guy off the
ice but on that it's and he can get that work in time no tummy sticks and warm up no tummy sticks
here i've never been a tummy stick guy revo i've never never been a tummy stick guy no
um i guess like going into the year like mean, how do you kind of approach everything?
Because for you, you get off to a bad start last year, the injury.
Now it's like, all right, at least you get the confidence going.
Like, do you know where you'll be?
Like who you'd possibly be playing with?
Or you're just kind of taking it one day at a time and camp and, and looking to kind
of build on how you ended the year.
Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's my plan.
I mean, we got so many bodies here i
don't know i don't know what the deal is and you know you just never know but for me i always come
into camp and it's you know i got i got a lot of guys who are trying to take my spot just like when
i was young i was always trying to take somebody's spot so i treat it like that i want to have a good
camp um and that you know hit the ground running uh i
can only control what i can control so um you know cat you know training camp is definitely
the beginning and then um you know hopefully i can like like you said carry on then in my season
to the start were you prepared to uh to see the type of swagger that william kneelander has
especially with the outfits that he's rocking like is it absurd
we saw him at soto soto during all-star break and he was wearing a tank top on he was wearing a tank
top middle of winter you know what it's it's funny because like maddie and willie both have really
good style and every time like i was i was out with maddie the other day and he's like he's wearing
one of those waffle like See-through beaters right
And he's got these waffle shorts on
And I'm like I'm checking his tags
To see if I can afford everything that he's wearing
But most of the shit is over
My price budget
I saw Matthews rocking a Celine bucket
I think it's I don't know if it's
Is it like a unisex hat I thought
Celine was a girls brand
I don't even know.
You think he'll be doing the LeBron purse pretty soon?
I'd love to see the internet if he walked in with one of those Hermes bags.
He probably got immersed, and he'd rock it well, too.
He's got that kind of style.
When you're that good, though, it really doesn't matter. When you're that good, you wear whatever you want, and people follow. That's how it kind of style. When you're that good, though, it doesn't matter. It really doesn't matter.
When you're that good, you wear whatever you want,
and people follow.
That's how it works.
Yeah.
And people will chirp, and it's like,
buddy, I just got another two tonight.
I got 50 in 46 games.
I'll wear whatever I want.
The way you put on that see-through beater,
and you're going to get absolutely roasted.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, my God.
That's why I wear like master's
t-shirts and fucking jiggle tats oh hey we got i should start dressing like i should do one thing
biz we gotta you should start getting you should start getting a couple things that maddie's wearing
see if you can pull it off we should make a regular season rivalry where if the leafs beat the the oilers you have to wear one of
knee ladders oh my god i would love to take like a second mortgage out just to get a new outfit
and and that's the problem that's the problem yeah i gotta i gotta start finding those like uh
those comparable brands it's like you know this one's this one's 14 grand for the t-shirt it's like here's the here's the 59.99 one that looks the same though it looks exactly it's exactly when
you say that like have you actually asked them about some of the money they've spent on clothes
and what's the most astronomical thing that they've bought like no no i've never i've never
asked but i i know i've seen a few like tags that you know whatever the brand is you know it could just
be like a a white tea and then you grab the back of it so that's a louis b white tea okay exactly
yeah it's just a white tea those don't come in three packs no no you can't get those at costco
um hey who's driving the nicest whips on the team? It's crazy because you got four guys making so much fucking dough.
So they got to be cruising around in Lambos and shit.
No?
No.
Man, we're in Toronto.
Lambos.
I got the snow tires on there.
What the fuck?
Oh, man.
The roads are horrible here.
Everything's under construction.
Snow's.
It's cold.
You can't drive a Lambo.
Most guys got a little SUV.
What's Matthews driving?
A pickup?
He's got a pickup he's got like
a little suv like uh it was given to him for sure back yeah a little station wagon free cars here
i said i think i just i was at morgan riley who just posted i think he had maybe a mercedes
and then even jt i think he got like a bmw deal jt changes his car three times a year so i don't
know what he...
He had something at the beginning of the year
and he got roasted for it
and he got rid of it within like a month.
What kind of perks does a fourth-line scrapper get
playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs?
I got a Canadian tire deal.
No shit?
You got a tire deal?
Yeah, me and Dom's Canadian tire.
What did you have to do?
We went biking, put some GoPros on, went biking through the Toronto parks, went birdwatching.
That's like wit.
That was wit when he played.
No, that was biz after he's a healthy scratch.
Come in the shower post-game in Arizona. No, wit. You even said if you even said you can remember guys stood off to get into the shower yeah yeah that's
yeah i guess i don't have much of a defense when did i say i went bird watching oh both
college days when i could name the guys based on the guys based on their hogs you said you knew
their hogs more than you knew the names you're a hogsman huh i'm an absolute hogsman oh um here's what i
wanted to ask you uh brad tree living i had him when in arizona as an assistant gm the fucking
coolest guy in the world yeah he's a great guy the best well i mean he handed you that deal you
should be kissing his ass i mean trust me yeah trust me put those dsls they're very thankful for treat oh okay that's a well you got to keep it
keep it clean and tight i guess yeah if you're on here fuck revo it's pretty incredible though
i'm looking right now like you're 123 games away from a thousand in the regular season you got 113
playoff games like as much as it's all about the moment and like game to game and
training camp to training camp,
you got to look back and be so proud of like the career you've turned in,
especially at the beginning.
I mean,
you're in the coast a little bit at one point,
four fucking years in the AHL.
It's like,
it's gotta be cool to know that the hard work you've put in has rewarded
you what you now have.
Man,
we were,
me and my wife and a couple buddies we were
talking about this uh like three days ago because when i first came into the league i remember i
looked at her i was like wouldn't it be unreal if i could hit 100 games in nhl like how fucking
cool would that be and then i hit 100 is like you think i could squeak 200 out of this career
and then all of a sudden i hit five it was like you know i'm halfway to a thousand like you never know and then all of a sudden i'm kind of
creeping on it so i mean it's been it's been more than i ever could have dreamed uh that i could
have accomplished in this league and the fact that i'm still going is even more bananas it's uh
it's been unbelievable what this league's given me and uh yeah no it's it's been fun i've been
i've had a lot of fun putting in the work to you know to be able to last this long but
um yeah it's it's been a crazy story for me to think it all started out on a in a hot tub
in st louis falling asleep at training camp and then who would have thought the coast
hot hot water massage bed who would have thought big walls like this fucking kid's done yeah
this kid ain't playing another day in the national that's it well revo this has been amazing dude i
know it's um just a quick one for us but catching up with you is always a blast and as i said dude
it's an amazing run for you so i'm really happy and thanks for coming on. I appreciate you guys. Anytime.
Guys, we need to talk about game time. We love getting out to live events, whether it's a concert, a football game, hockey game, comedy show, doesn't matter. We always use game time.
The official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. We're going to be in Boston later this week.
We're hoping to catch that home opener against the Canadians. And the reason we'll be able to go is because of GameTime.
So easy to use. GameTime.co. You know how much we love GameTime. And now with their brand new
GameTime Picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. GameTime Picks filters
out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I was looking for tickets to the Bruins home opener. I saw some amazing Game Time Picks deals for the great seats and not too shabby of a price at all. Great prices, easy to get, easy to use. All you want is an app and a website that's easy, and that's what GameTime is.
Just pull up your chosen event
and turn on the GTPix setting at the top of the screen
or browse the best local GameTime Picks deals near you
on your GameTime app homepage.
What are you waiting for?
I'm going to buy those Bruins tickets right now
with GameTime Picks.
Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account, and use code
CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem
code CHICKLETS for 20 off.
Download the GameTime app today.
What is it? GameTime.
Thank you very much to
Ryan Reeves. Awesome guy. We appreciate him
coming on. And yeah, now he's got Squanto in his
corner. So heads up.
Heads up, Leafs Nation.
My lunatic son may bring you a cup.
And you know, if you end up winning now,
I can kind of take credit.
Because I, you know, me, Bits,
like I'm always looking for credit.
I'm always looking for credit.
But Rebo's the man.
I wonder what Connor McDavid's going to think
of Squanto jumping ship.
I don't think Connor McDavid even knows who I am,
let alone Squanto.
So we won't worry about that.
All we'll worry about is the Oilers.
And actually, that kind of leads us
into our final segment of the show,
because we figured with the season getting going
and NHL hockey being back in our lives,
everyone, I know everyone listening right now,
you're just so happy.
It's Christmas morning.
Hockey is back.
We figured we'd go over. Let's give a cup pick each. Let's give a cup pick each. And you could
say Toronto. You could say them. I know you don't believe it. I'm Oilers. I'm the Edmonton Oilers.
When you see this Amazon doc and you see the heartbreak and Florida talking about,
Florida's sitting there. Matthew Kuchuk is sitting there before game seven biz.
And he says to him,
guys,
if you put me in that locker room in Vegas last year in game five,
which he wasn't able to play.
And you fucking told us that we'd be the next season playing,
getting ready for a game seven for the cup.
We would have fucking taken it in a heartbeat.
And the Oilers went through the heartbreak.
They went through the heartbreak.
They have the team to do it.
And I truly believe I'm not being a troll.
The Edmonton Oilers are going to win the Stanley Cup.
I think they're going to deal with that heartbreak again,
the Edmonton Oilers.
I actually think it's going to be the Edmonton Oilers
and Toronto Maple Leafs in the Stanley Cup Finals.
And I'm going to have so much fucking ketchup in the building
surrounding the glass at the offensive zone
wherever McDavid's shooting. And he won't even touch the puck in the building surrounding the glass at the offensive zone wherever mcdavid's
shooting and he won't even he won't even touch the puck in the goddamn ozone so my stanley cup
prediction is the drought's over it's our year squanto knows so this is what i think this is five
is this five years in a row go five years in a row go leafs i think last year Biz you said I think did you
quit on them after the season
were you saying like I can't do it anymore
maybe I'm imagining that
I don't know Corneli
I was like McKinnon I had a long off season
of rest and relaxation
my ties on the beach
I'm ready to go
I'm back on the wagon
okay you're right you quit on Marner
not the Leafs you quit on Marner, not the Leafs. You quit on Marner.
No, no, I'm going to get back in his good graces.
I'm actually going to get a custom jersey.
It's going to have the Toronto Maple Leafs on the front,
number 16 on the back, and Paul on the name bar.
Just Paul.
You're not going to know why.
He represents you, his dad, and Leafs Nation as a whole.
And the unity of
supporting Mitch Marner on what's
going to be the greatest season he's ever had.
We're going to pay him more than Leon
Dreisaitl. You know why? Because he's
actually going to be able to deliver the goods.
And that leads me to
my next prediction. Who's going to
win the heart? Mitch Marner.
This is fucking ridiculous
mitch goddamn what's really annoying i can't chirp you because mcdavid's winning the heart
this is such a toronto edmonton end of the show which is just how we like to keep it
mcdavid start having a roll disclaimer i think mcdavid has three hearts he's going to get his
fourth i think he has five art ross. He's going to get his sixth.
He's going to do it.
This is the greatest player in the league in his prime.
Other than Mitch.
So maybe this segment's really pissing people off.
But we get to talk about the Leafs. Literally no one's listening.
It doesn't even matter.
All right, let's change it up.
Who's your Calder pick?
I'm going to delegate that to you.
You know what?
Actually, Stankhoven is going to be your calder pick i'm gonna i'm gonna delegate that to you for you know you know what actually stankhoven is gonna be my calder pick i think he's got people are gonna say oh that's
bullshit he got to dip his toe in last year he's eligible he's gonna be playing on a sick team
he's got an insane motor and he's gonna be putting up some big fucking numbers down in the D. So I got stank. Do the stank leg.
Do the stank leg.
Do the stank leg.
Okay.
Okay.
I see that.
And nobody can bitch.
If he's eligible, he's eligible.
That's the game.
That's the game.
There's always complainers online.
They're going to say it's like when...
Didn't Panarin win it the one year?
Or who won it?
When they were like 28.
No.
What's his name was up for it.
Remember I was chirping him because he was up for
it instead of Raymond. Oh, Bunting?
Yeah, Bunting. He was like 30.
He was up for it that year.
He's collecting social security.
He's up for the Calder. I'm
actually going. I'm going Lane Hudson.
I he's
actually fourth on DraftKings
odds. He's plus 700. mitch koff is plus 400 as
long as well as celebrini and then you might be you might have to enter witness protection if we
ever go to philly based on your um your assassination of his skating stride which i kind
of agree with you i don't think he's the strongest of skaters but philly fans are going to take this
to the grave because every time he scores a goal in the preseason and i'm sure in the regular season
you must be getting hate tweeted yeah well people are sending me like you fucking idiot how's this
skating you tripped his skating buddy the clip the guy sent me he's gliding in on like a shootout
he didn't take one stride i don't think he took a stride. I think this kid's actually super skilled,
strong as an ox,
and going to be a hell of a player.
All I'm saying is
he's not the smoothest skater in the world.
Okay?
It's a game of speed.
Is he very good,
like tight turning down low?
Is he strong on his feet?
Yes.
I just wonder,
I just wonder,
is he an elite skater?
It's a wonder.
It's a question I have.
Okay?
Philly fans are scumbags.
I can't hate the Flyers, though, because I love Jonesy so much.
And Torts gives us all this amazing stuff to talk about.
I can't hate the Flyers anymore, but their fans are scumbags.
And I have no problem with Michkov.
I hope he's a star.
I was just saying in some of the clips I saw, I was like,
it's a little bit of a choppy
stride for an elite level
NHLer. Let's see how it plays out.
He looks like me after my bilateral
sporturnia surgery on the ice.
He's the favorite to win the Calder. Obviously, he's a
hell of a player, but I'm going Lane Hudson
who's fourth on the odds at
plus 700. I actually think Carter
Gauthier is going to be very deadly
there too in Anaheim. Oh, yeah.
He's plus 800.
Will Smith's after him.
So, Celebrini's up there.
It's going to be a hell of a race, I think.
I think we got a really special Calder race this year.
We need Zegers to have a pop-off season, and we need Carter Gauthier popping off
and just obnoxious sellies.
I want to see obnoxious sellies on the West Coast.
Who? Verbeek. Buddy sellies on the West Coast. Who?
Verbeek.
Buddy, this is the new wave.
He got no control over Cutter Gauthier, buddy.
He determines what's going on.
Cutter time.
He's going to tell the little ball of hate what to do, what to sign him for.
He's like, listen, Patty, you just shut the fuck up.
There's a new sheriff in town here.
It's Cutter time.
All right. What about your best to pick? You just shut the fuck up. There's a new sheriff in town here. It's cut of time.
All right.
What about your best to pick?
Because maybe.
No, fuck off.
Done, done, done.
Cut it. Cut it.
Cut it.
I think Shusterkin grabs it.
I think Shusterkin is similar to McDavid in the prime of his career as one of the best goalies I've ever seen.
And his performance in the playoffs last year and Rangers are going to be a good team
I think Shusterkin gets it this season
and if you keep singing that fucking song
Grinnelli's picking Swayman if you
miss training camp imagine the amount of
guys who are going to be like yeah sign me at the
end of camp yeah I mean he's
he's carrying his balls around on a wheelbarrow
in Boston right now so I wouldn't be
shocked if he did he's got some jam on
him that kid I'll tell you that to turn down that eight times eight and say fuck you i want 8.25 uh so every
time i sing that song now you're gonna cut me off i'm gonna puke all right i think we're done here
guys real quick before we wrap a few things so wednesday at noon we're dropping the big deal
selects video fish did an amazing job in the edit.
Behind the scenes, look at how big of losers these guys are.
Just kidding.
But it was an awesome video.
You know, you can see who they played, you know, all the madness that happened at the
Chicklets Cup, the drama that was happening behind the scenes with the Big Deal Selects.
So that's an awesome video that drops Wednesday at noon on the Chicklets YouTube channel.
And then Game Notes returns, boys.
Game Notes returns Friday at noon.
The boys have tons of fun stuff planned this season.
Beer League Heroes, Show Mindsies.
They got some guests on tap.
So Friday at noon, the Game Notes boys return.
And next week, Monday, October 14th, we will be in Boston.
Biz, wit, five iron golf, we will be in Boston. Biz, wit, Five Iron Golf,
One Washington Street in Boston,
Monday the 14th at 6.30 p.m.,
a little Pink Whitney Five Iron Golf meetup.
So just remember, Wednesday,
we have the Big Deal Selects video.
Friday, we have Game Notes.
And next Monday, we have the Pink Whitney meet and greet.
So don't miss out.
Folks, I want to say and end with this.
I would cut off my left leg to go back to the beginning of my career.
I would do so many things differently.
And I wish I appreciated it.
It's like youth is wasted on the young.
Like, I wish I appreciated the chance and the opportunity to play in the NHL more.
And just knowing that as fans and analysts and us getting to do this,
being the best job in the world, and you fans, I know how excited you are.
It is another NHL season.
These guys pour every part of their being into being pros
and living the life that they dreamed of as young kids.
And it's so amazing to see another NHL season here.
The storylines, the players, the matchups we'll see,
everything that goes into the NHL
and hockey being the greatest sport in the world
is beginning once again.
And we thank you so much for tuning in all summer
and tuning in as the season
gets going,
because there is nothing better than the NHL.
And the fact that we get to cover it is a dream come true.
And the fact we both got to play it is even beyond our wildest dreams.
So congrats to everyone on a new NHL season being here.
And let's hope for another amazing run till we see Lord Stanley be given out in June.
So we love you all and we will be back next week. And with all that said,
and after all, you're my Joseph Wall. I don't know where he's going.
Even if I'm gone, I don't know where he's going.
Cause feeling is so hard to break.
I don't know where he's going. Even if I'm gone, I don't know any other way Even if I'm going to burn
I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to burn
I'll get you someday
