Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
And this episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by MyBookie.
It's that time of year, holiday cash.
You gotta buy presents for everybody. You need it, and I know where to get it.
MyBookie is the place to score serious cash on your sports predictions.
Believe it or not, holidays are just around the corner.
Christmas, Hanukkah, Kwanzaa, Tet, all that happy, happy horse shit.
And while that means plenty of parties, gifts, and partying, and drinking, and boozing, and all that,
it also means a lot of spending, and so you're going to need some cash.
It also means there's lots of football, basketball, and hockey games you can score on big every day.
Man up and play like the pros on game day.
You can play the money line, side or total.
MyBookie is your hookup for all your betting needs
and offers super fast payouts when you win.
Where you bet is just as important as who you're betting on.
And if you want to make money betting the games,
you've got to go to mybookie.ag.
They're the only site I'd recommend.
I trust them, but you don't have to take my word for it.
Check them out yourself.
They have odds on every matchup and a mobile site
that makes wagering on your smartphone a breeze.
Me, I love the hockey puck line minus one and a half on the plus side.
Always good dough to be made.
So right now, join now and MyBookie will match your deposit with up to a 50 bonus.
Use the promo code SPIT, that's S-P-I-T, to activate the offer.
Visit MyBookie.ag today.
You play, you win, you get paid.
This episode is also brought to you by dollar shave club everyone knows dollar shave club ships amazing raises for just a few bucks i've been a
member for a while and i love my shave when i finally get around to it i'm lazy shaver as
greeley knows uh what you you might not know i didn't is that you know dollar shave club's also
got products for all kinds of other stuff body wash shampoo hair gel lip balm gel, lip balm. So it's more than just razors nowadays.
At the store, there are so many options.
You can't tell the difference between a lot of them.
You know, then if you've got questions, the clerk doesn't know the difference between this, that, the other thing.
It's usually a kid out on a second job, whatever, trying to make some dough.
So they're not the best experts on razors.
But Dollar Shave Club makes it easy and convenient for you to upgrade your shave and your bathroom.
Now you don't have to step foot in a store to get a high-quality shave and grooming products.
They'll get delivered right to your door by Dollar Shave Club.
Just like their razors, everything is super high-quality and left me looking and feeling fresh and amazing.
From premium ingredients to sophisticated scents, Dollar Shave Club is changing the game.
If you're like me and sick of the nonsense at the store, now's the time to try out Dollar Shave Club.
For a limited time, Dollar Shave Club has basically given away their shit, shower, shave, starter kit to new members.
For only 5, this starter set features their executive razor and three trial-sized versions of their most popular products that help you stay fresh and clean.
In your first box, you will receive their shave butter, body wash, and one wipe challenge, butt wipes. You will also receive the executive razor, which includes the premium weedy handle and a full cassette of cartridges.
After the first box, replacement cartridges are sent for only a few bucks a month.
This offer is exclusively available at dollarshaveclub.com slash chiclets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Again, that's dollarshaveclub.com slash chiclets.
Dollar Shave Club's high-quality products will have you covered from face cheeks to butt cheeks.
There is no better time to try the club. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 53 of Spittin' Chickas, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Live from Secaucus, New Jersey.
I said that's Ryan Whitney in Secaucus, New Jersey, boy.
You know who that is, Wits, right?
Number 53, Derek Morris.
Somebody else who pounded my head in.
53rd up the table.
All we have is numbers and guys who've dummied me.
You got beat up by Derek Morris?
Well, he jumped me after we won a game in overtime.
I was friends with him, too.
I mean, I thought we were buddies.
And then he went nuts on me and tried to kill me after we won an overtime game
in an absolute battle of the basement-dwelling teams,
Edmonton at Phoenix a couple years ago.
Oh, Jesus.
Another 53, Jeremy Reach, formerly of the local squad.
Say what's up, Corneli.
Oh, Jeremy Reach.
I remember playing against him in the AHL.
Lefty, tough winger.
Remember him?
Yeah, he was a nice little bottom six guy the Bees had for a while.
Speaking of Bees, you importantly were on the radio Wednesday.
You did Bastu Radio two hours.
If you haven't caught it, go catch up with it.
It sounded like an Italian Thanksgiving or something.
It was just everybody yelling and fighting and screaming for two hours,
and it was fucking hilarious.
Job well done, Wits.
Job well done.
Yeah, good job.
Good job.
I appreciate that, Cornelio.
I appreciate that.
They dragged you.
It was funny.
I was sitting here.
So I've been working like six to nine.
Nice.
Lately, the past week at NHL Network, and I got off, and I was like,
you know, my creative juices were
flowing.
You know, I was watching, what is it, stool scenes that Young Page used to do, and I said,
Dave, you on the radio tomorrow?
He said, yep, come on in.
I said, perfect.
And I knew me and Dave.
We just go back and forth.
That's just how it is.
We battle each other.
But, you know, I called him a Muppet.
He tries calling me a Muppet right back.
You can't just reuse somebody's fucking insult for you.
So wait, are you officially
a member of Team Portnoy now?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Okay. Oh yeah. I love it.
I've been a Team Portnoy.
I've been the originator of that Team Portnoy
stuff. We battle.
It's just how it is.
I gotta keep him in line, I feel like.
What are the options?
What do you mean?
No, is it Team Clancy or Team Portnoy,
or is there some other team we're unaware of?
No, I think it's just Team Portnoy versus everyone.
You'd be on Team Everyone, all right.
Yeah, that was funny when you brought up whoever brought up me
and him scrapping on the Ruffin Rowdy.
The fur in everyone's neck went up a little bit for a couple minutes there.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, I'm not a scrapper.
He's not a scrapper.
We'll just be passive-aggressive towards each other like we've always been.
But anyways, they dragged you hard for the Jackman thing,
which whatever, you get jumped by a tough guy,
but you look like the headless defense.
I have a headless photo.
It's a classic photo.
I've shown more people that picture than anyone.
It's the most amazing picture of all time.
I don't have a head.
I don't know how it happened, but I remember right up to the game, like I was saying on the radio,
I had text from one of my buddies at the pictures saying, are you kidding me with this picture?
There couldn't be a worse visual picture.
I guess every picture is visual.
There couldn't be a worse picture to see after a fight when you're like, I wonder how that looks.
Oh, it looks like I have no fucking dome anymore.
Dude, honestly, looking at it just from a pure journalism perspective, it's like a truly great hockey photo.
It seems like it should be more popular
because, like I said,
your head's completely missing.
It's not like it's poking out anywhere else.
You look like you're decapitated.
And Jackman's got the arm up
ready to fucking drop one more hammer on you.
It's just like it's a dynamite photo.
So you said that he was trying to go at you
since junior.
So did you bang one of his girls or something?
Or was this one of those situations where he just didn't like the way you looked
and that was it?
I don't know what ever made that guy despise me so much.
Maybe we can get him on and talk to him.
I don't know.
I remember in the  I don't know if it was the US  I think it was the USHL.
I'm going on Hockey TV right now.
Hold on. But I just remember on Hockey TV right now. Hold on.
But I just remember him always wanting to dummy me.
I'm like, fucking, you know, just stop.
Get away from me, dude.
Why are you trying to do this to me?
Let me live.
Yes, Twin City.
He took to the Twin City Vulcans in 1999-2000.
And I played against him.
23 games played, 9 goals, 8 assists, 17 points, 58 pims.
He was a second-round pick by Columbus.
Then I had to play against him in Syracuse, and I was in Wilkes-Barre.
He's trying to fight me then.
Then he goes to Columbus, Pittsburgh, Columbus.
He's trying to fight me then.
Then he was  I forgot he played with L.A.
Then he goes to the Islanders.
He's trying to fight me then.
Then in Calgary, he's like, oh, game on, Edmonton, Calgary, the Battle of Alberta. And he's trying to fight me and then in Calgary he's like oh game on Edmonton, Calgary the Battle of Alberta
and he's trying to dummy me then
and imagine if you wanted to kill
somebody for that long like he's wanted to
kill me and then you finally do
and you get that picture out of it could there be a more
satisfying like
could there be a more satisfying win
of a fight for him although it was he did just
jump me. Yeah I mean he definitely had a hot on fire.
He was definitely your baby Gerald.
Wait, ask a millennial baby.
Who is baby Gerald? I have no idea.
Which baby? Alright, we'll
never get any of these 80s and 70s
movies. Okay, this is a 90s
reference. It's from the Simpsons. You guys just
aren't Simpsons guys. I'll let that go.
The Simpsons are the worst ones. No one
gets the Simpsons ones. Oh oh my god you couldn't be more
wrong if you fucking tried no one it's a shame you didn't actually watch the first nine ten years
of the Simpsons because it's honestly some of the greatest television ever made but anyways baby
Gerald was least was babe Maggie Simpsons rival down the street who just had like a unibrow and
shit but uh anyways listen the by way, I will say, the
video, if I sound funny
right now in my voice, it's because I'm rolling out my back.
You guys ever use a roller?
I prefer my
fingers, but
I have in college. Is it a foam
roller?
Yeah, foam roller. I'm rolling out my back right now.
Oh, a bunch of cracks. So the one
thing I was happy about was that on the video,
you quickly see me snap a breakout pass as I'm backwards skating
before Jackman comes and tries to dummy me or does dummy me.
I snapped that puck tape to tape just if you want to go take a look.
So I did my job.
I took a hit to make a play, so I can always remember that.
The headless photo started with a tape-to-tape snap breakout pass.
Team guy.
Team guy.
Exactly.
Thanks, Granada.
Speaking of team guy, the internet, I think, redeemed you last night.
Someone, one of our followers, dug up an old video.
The year you played with Colby that wasn't in the Mindsies.
The arm dog got bundled, I believe.
The Mindsies.
I believe Darian Hatcher put a nice, it was actually a nice, solid, clean check on Colby,
but he dumped him pretty hard into the boards.
And who comes bombing into the fucking scene other than the wit dog,
jumping on of all the people, that savage Darian fucking Hatcher.
You went at him like, fucking tell us that story, bro.
Okay, okay.
Now listen, now listen.
You're wrong.
It's not your fault you're wrong, but you are.
What happened was, by the way, I only chucked him when somebody hit one of my teammates dirty.
That's what I did.
Team guy, Grinnell. That's a team guy. Somebody dummies one of my teammates dirty. That's what I did. Team guy, Grinnell.
That's a team guy.
Somebody dummies one of my teammates, I'm going in, I'll get dummied for them.
But what happened was, Freddie Meyer actually buried Army in that hit.
Frederick Meyer, one of my good friends who I played at BU with for two years.
He coached my little brother in juniors.
Good guy.
Yeah, Freddie's the man.
So, Freddie was the one who threw that hit. Now, as a team guy, you know what I did? I didn't think, oh, Freddie's
one of my good buddies. I go up to Sanbornville, New Hampshire with him and hang out and have beers.
Nope. I was playing against him at that time, and he hit my buddy armed on, and I went bombing in
and grabbed Freddie, and what happened is that mutant darian hatcher came over he would
have legitimately punched my head in i would have no teeth and i was like once i talked to him i was
like oh fuck but it was a big enough melee where nothing really happened he kind of had me and i
was just like bent over for two minutes i was watching that clip laughing i'm like look worse
i'm like at least try to get your head up with. So the best part is, though, and the reason that you thought it was Darian Hatcher is because I got a fighting major, at least on hockeyfights.com, and it says it's first Darian Hatcher.
I'm like, oh, that's a good one to have on the resume.
Even though I didn't fight him, I tried to fight my boy Freddie Meyer, who's like 5'10", jacked, though.
I ended up putting the Darian Hatcher in the stat sheet,
so I'll take that one.
I could say I fought him because there's proof on the Internet
that I technically did.
You definitely got it.
Getting out unscathed, like even having any sort of battle
with Darien Hatcher, you're lucky.
Especially if you played your hockey in the South Shore
because after what he did to Jeremy Roenick that time,
remember he busted fucking Roenick's jaw?
Oh, dude.
All right, that was randomly, not randomly.
Last night I was watching Rangers-Blackhawks on NBC Sports,
and they were talking about Jimmy Veazey, what happened.
Which, by the way, boys, we haven't talked yet.
So, well, either way, I'll go into that.
But they were talking about Jimmy Veazey, what happened to him,
and then they showed that Roenick clip.
I forgot what Hatcher...
He literally jumped. He's 6'5",
and he jumped and just knocked his
teeth out, broke his jaw, and they showed
JR ripping the teeth
off his muscles. Now, that looked
like a situation where, okay, he definitely
laid his girl or something, because
to hit him like that, dude,
I don't even think he got suspended.
That was 18 years ago.
I'm watching it right on the thing here.
That was like so fucking vicious.
It was like a wrestling move when he pulled that.
So, yeah, to get unscathed with that guy, you're fucking really locked out because he was a tough bastard.
He was a mean bastard.
Definitely a nasty guy to play against. I think he was just a mean bastard.
I'm talking on the ice.
I don't know him off the ice at all.
I haven't really heard what he's like.
But, I mean, they played, like, USA hockey stuff together, too.
Like, I don't know if he just didn't like them or Darian Hatcher would have done that to anyone, but that was horrific.
But going back to Vesey, our boy Vesey.
I love that kid.
So, Saturday I worked the Ottawa-Colorado game, which was in Stockholm.
So it was like 1 to 3.30.
And the Rangers were playing the Oilers 1 to 3.30.
Yeah, that's what it was.
So I said, listen, hey, V's, let's have dinner after.
I'm going to be done.
You guys have Sunday off.
They didn't play until Wednesday night.
Excuse me.
So I keep saying last night. I know this is coming up Friday, but Wednesday night. Back to be done. You guys have Sunday off. They didn't play until last  Wednesday night, excuse me. So I keep saying last night.
I know this is coming out Friday, but Wednesday night.
So I'm all excited.
So we're going into  I'm going to go in.
I'm watching their game, watching Otto again.
I'm going to go in for dinner after, and I see VZ take that Cassian skate
to the mouth.
I was like, oh.
And I saw him come back with a full shield on or whatever, but I didn't know, like, how bad it was. I didn't know if it was a cut to the mouth i was like oh and i saw him come back with a with a full shield on or whatever
but i didn't know like how i didn't know if it was a cut to the lip or teeth and then i got over
his place after he's got his two front teeth knocked out he one of the teeth got knocked out
and then went into the cut on his lip that his lip got cut from the skate just a vicious looking
injury ruined his night.
We had to go get him a straw.
He was drinking, what are they called,
protein shakes out of a straw all night.
Poor guy.
Me and Hazy were just crushing food, living it up.
But poor V, I felt bad for him.
He comes home to spit and chicklets,
gets his teeth knocked out.
Dude, someone, I think it was a Rangers writer,
dug out the picture of me and him,
and I got the chicklet shirt on. It was like a prophecy. I was like, I think it was a Rangers writer, dug out the picture of me and him, and I got the chicklet shirt on.
It was like a prophecy.
I was like, I hope he didn't start a curse here.
Dude's getting their fucking teeth knocked out because they came on the show.
But it was unreal, dude.
He said his mom was flipping out.
I'm like, dude, you're going to play 10 years in the NHL.
This is bound to happen at one time.
By the way, at least it didn't happen like it happened to Keith Kachuk, who played like
36 years and then got all his teeth knocked out
with like three games to go.
The worst, dude, the worst.
I mean, he was in agony for like two years after that shit.
But, yeah, that was crazy.
The pitch of easy, he tweeted out his x-ray,
well, him kind of smiling, missing the teeth,
and then his tooth is still embedded in his lip.
It's fucking like he's got a big fat tooth.
They had to go get it out.
Did I tell you the story, the Cogliano story? I pulled that on this podcast, right? his lip. It's fucking... It's like he's got a big fat... They had to go get it out.
Can I tell you the story, the Cogliano story I pulled out on this podcast, right?
Grinnelli's...
Grinnelli's that show historian.
Do you remember that, Grinnelli?
Which story?
Okay. Cogliano
got, like, same type thing. He got
buried, and he lost teeth, and he got, like,
cut in the lip, and whatever. He gets stitched up, and he and he you know if you get a real bad cut like on your lip it can
like calcify so they basically tell you to rub it like the really hard piece that you'll feel
they're just like rub it rub it and it'll go away it'll get better you know it'll get better just
rub it it'll get softer so they're telling him to rub this hard piece in his lip for like three
months the doctors in Edmonton.
Finally, he's like, this isn't getting better.
It's the same size.
It's rock hard.
What's going on?
They cut his lip open again.
They forgot to get the tooth out.
Oh, my fucking God.
So the whole time he thought he was rubbing like, I don't know, scar tissue.
He's rubbing his tooth.
It's still stuck in his lip.
And that guy has still never missed a game.
Shout out to Cogs.
Legend.
It's tough being an Ironman, especially describing these injuries.
And, dude, it's like, especially going back to Jimmy, I mean, to get a boot to the face, I mean, losing a tooth, it's almost a blessing.
I mean, you could almost lose an eye or fucking get a real nasty gash.
I mean, there's so many bad things that can happen when you get a skate to the face.
I'd take fucking losing a couple teeth, I think.
We said that, too.
Like, this sucks.
Kind of ruins the night.
And then I think somebody, I wish it was me,
but I was more thinking about it.
The night was ruined.
I think Hazy was like, dude, it could have been your eye.
Like, thank God it's not anywhere close to that.
So how about when he, because he kind of
smooth-footed Cassian a little bit. They got
connected and they both go down
and Cassian still came up and buried him.
And then he's laying on the ground. His teeth are knocked
out. He's bleeding. Cassian stands over him
and says, I hope you fucking bleed
out.
Jesus. That's
savage. That's the National
League. Savagery. That's the National League. Savagery.
That's almost as savage.
And I still don't think we found out who said it, but I forget the game because I'm still on my morning tea here.
It was Calgary.
It was Calgary.
I'm going to fuck your wife.
I'm going to fuck your wife.
And I think it was one of the Sedins fucking skating by with the puck, too.
That was fucking hilarious, man.
The savagery that we don't hear.
Like I say, I've said it many times in the show.
I'm going to say it again. I would pay fucking
10 a playoff game to watch a pay-per-view
to have open mics and no announcers
just to hear the chirping.
I would pay way more than that
but guys who would stop chirping.
I don't know who said that. I heard that.
But the minute it went viral, if the guy who
did say it's married, he's probably like,
oh, shit.
My wife definitely recognized my voice.
And you know it's like some guy who's like, you know, they can say it to,
you know what I mean? Because you're only going to say it to
a guy who's not going to turn around and punch you fucking head in,
you know? Speaking of punch you
fucking head in, Wednesday night,
again, back to Wednesday night, is just
fucking keeping with this fighting theme.
Hey, we haven't had a nice fighting episode for a while.
Matthew Kachuk, who is the premium shit store in the NHL currently, I think right now, gave, what's his face?
Witkowski a love tap, which is hilarious.
They injected him for sparing.
I mean, that was a love.
He gave him a love tap on the back of the leg as he was walking off the fucking ice.
Guy turns around, fucking next thing you know
it's a full-out skirmish jimmy howard's going ape shit looking to fucking throw down with somebody
even though his team's up seven or two fucking mayhem the stuff that people like well most hockey
fans love this still have the hockey twitter a bunch of fucking prisses who whine about that
shit but it was just a great old school thing but like how about matthew kachuk man he just like
when you have a guy like that in your team, does it
drive you crazy sometimes?
He brings so much to the team that you fucking
don't mind that he does that because he has to do it to
play that way. What's it like with a
fucking shitster on the team like that?
I think back
in the day... Oh, by the way, I
watched Ice Guardians. We can talk about that in a little bit oh, by the way, I watched Ice Guardians.
We can talk about that in a little bit.
Back in the day, maybe it was kind of more annoying if he wasn't also fighting a lot because then the tough guy would have to go and, like, handle all the shit that he started.
But nowadays, and even then, like, you always, like, have
it's a guy that you love to have on your team and hate to play against.
I mean, that's just what's said about so many guys in the past.
And if you think about it, like, that's kind of a pretty sick compliment.
Like, if you're on a team, every guy loves having you,
and then every single person hates you.
Like, what's your job?
You want the other teams to hate you, and you want your teammates to love you.
So that seems that that's the way it is for Matthew Kachuk.
He doesn't give a shit.
He just goes out, doesn't care what the score is.
When he feels like getting in somebody's face,
when he feels like giving somebody a jab, he does it.
His dad was a tough bastard.
He is a tough bastard.
So you know he was raised to kind of take no shit
and give shit and ruffle feathers.
So I love watching him play.
I like watching Calgary play.
I mean, they got worked by Wednesday night in Detroit. I keep saying that. But I think they're fun to play. I like watching Calgary play. I mean, they got work Wednesday night in Detroit.
I keep saying that.
But I think they're fun to play.
He's part of it.
Goudreau's been incredible.
I don't know.
Kachuk really, once he gets going, you can tell that, like,
it's hard to calm him down.
He just wants to be in the middle of all of it.
Right.
And I think what's so, like, I guess unique about him, I mean,
is that he's so young.
I mean, he was doing that shit as rookie year, like the stuff with
fucking Drew Doughty. I mean, it's so unusual to see a, he was doing that shit his rookie year, like the stuff with fucking Drew Doughty.
I mean, it's so unusual to see a kid that young pulling that shit with a veteran.
And then when Doughty talked about it after they came, and then they interviewed Kachuk,
and he's like, oh, I thought he would have come back with something better than that, to be honest with you.
I mean, that's like fucking wrestling.
It's like he's being a total heel, like talking it up in the interview.
So we got to try to get him on the fucking show, man.
I got to fucking rattle a couple of cages, see what we can do quickly.
That's your connection.
So get it done.
Yeah.
I know.
Drink with his grandfather a couple of months ago.
So I'll fucking, I'll see what we can do there.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
By the way, watching Detroit, just quick, quick hockey fan.
Let's, let's all start taking notice and watching Anthony Manfa.
He's amazing.
Yeah. He's unreal. He's unreal.
He's huge. He can skate.
Sick hands. He can score.
He's going to be the name that you start saying,
wow. I remember his father,
Mo Mantha, played. He coached me for a little bit.
This kid is nasty.
So he is Mo's kid then. I was just going to ask
you, he's got to be related to Mo.
Mo was a big Winnipeg Jet back in the day.
Yeah, he was.
Speaking of Winnipeg Jets back in the day, we had the Hall of Fame ceremony on Monday night.
Did you guys catch any of that?
I did.
Did you watch any of it, Grant Lee?
Of course.
Yeah, I had it on.
Actually, we got you earlier than we expected because there was some technical difficulties on the broadcast.
So I was watching you earlier than I anticipated.
I know.
How about the people who are flipping out on Twitter at NHL Network, like tweeting at NHL Network,
people need to be fired, this is embarrassing.
I'm like, buddy, we were using the TSN feed.
What do you want us to do?
It went out in Canada, too.
Shit happens.
It's electronics.
Or what is it?
Technology.
It's going to break sometime.
Shut up, people tweeting.
God, that pissed me off.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, that's fucking Twitter, though.
That's the internet.
I mean, people are going to reply fucking stupid shit all the time,
no matter what.
Shit does happen.
But what's great about these last couple of classes is these are guys we grew up watching.
I mean, we had Correa, Solani, Dave Anderchuk, and Mark Reckie.
And as far as the first ballot, second ballot shit, I hate all that.
I think if you're a Hall of Fame, you're a Hall of Fame.
But the Hockey Hall of Fame is political in nature, and people get favors done and shit like that.
But there's no issue.
I mean, you can't say any of these guys shouldn't have been there.
I mean, Wrecky and Andrzejczyk probably already should have been in.
Correa was one of the premier talents of his generation.
Solani, one of the best snipers ever.
And then I actually tweeted, I realized, you know, the NABD,
but I ended up actually, I actually drank beers with like three out of those four guys
on fucking different occasions.
I was like, that's pretty fucking, pretty wild.
Yeah, but do they know they drank beers with you?
Probably not.
No, definitely not.
Of course not.
No, but I mean, that's why they're the Hall of Famers on the podcast, though.
You know what I took away from one of my number top three takeaways from the Hall of Fame night was,
how fun do you think it would be to have a couple beers with Dave Andretruck?
That guy looks like he has tons of stories and probably loves to have beers
and would be hilarious to hang out with one night.
That was my immediate thought when he did his speech.
Black on black suit looking like a
boss uh in terms of the players it was really cool i got to play with recce and uh uh timo so
two legends that were like so such different players but in their own right so amazing both
of them uh and the funny thing was i i always loved like, thinking back to, like, the year Korea had at Maine, best year by anyone ever in college hockey,
I'd say he was a freshman.
And then when he came into the league, he took that year,
the sophomore year, he played a couple games,
and then he went to play, like, the year-long training
for the Canadian Olympic team before the 94 games.
That Forsberg ended up winning in a shootout,
gets put on a stamp in that shootout against Canada.
Korea missed.
So that was pretty cool.
I had all these memories going back.
Like you said, it's guys we grew up watching
as opposed to, you know, hearing about Brad Park
and you always respect the whole thing
ever since you never get to see somebody.
You know, you can't really enjoy it.
I grew up watching Brad Park.
But Korea, when he came into the league,
he was like, I mean, he was kind of like
doing stuff that people really hadn't seen before.
He was smaller.
He was so fast.
He was a lot faster than most guys when he came into the league.
And he had this, like, amazing hockey mind.
He was so cerebral the way he played and made passes.
And then when he finally got with Timo,
it was so cool that they did all that damage together
and then got to go into the hall together.
It was pretty awesome.
Yeah, it's been, like I said, the last couple of classes have been fucking dynamite.
It's funny, too.
Actually, Andrew Chuck, when he was with, well, he was with Buffalo for a while, but I remember one night,
I was in, you remember the rack over near Faneuil Hall?
The fucking pool hall bar?
Yeah.
And it was like, I was in there after a Bruins game, and there was a bunch of Sabres in there,
and fucking Rod Ray shirted me for, like, the shirt I was wearing.
Simpson shirt?
It was probably a Simpson shirt.
No, no, it was probably a Silk Special back in fucking 99, 2000,
if I'm guessing right.
And he chirped me, and I chirped him back.
I was like, yeah, no wonder why you always get your head kicked in, you know?
And all his teammates were like, whoa!
It was like the school, yeah.
Like, it was funny.
Like, it was never, like, close to animosity.
But, like, Andrew Chuck, Dougie Gilmore, and, like, Rob Ray with us.
So I just remember that fucking hanging out with them.
Just stupid, like, goofy memories, remember?
But thinking about Recchi, right?
I was, like, looking up all his stats the other night during his speech.
And he got, what's crazy about him, dude?
He got waived by Pittsburgh.
I think you were on the team.
December of 07, he got flat-out fucking waved.
And you know who had buried him on the bench?
You remember?
Your boy fucking...
Michel Carillon.
Probably blew a cigarette smoke in his face when he told him, too.
Eh? Eh?
Hey, Whitney, you fucked tonight, eh?
Pussy.
Yeah, you know what?
I couldn't believe it.
All right, I looked. i was doing the same thing
i was at the studio just hockey db and all they're like looking at the biggest years they had
and i was like wait i'm like oh 708 atlanta i'm like and then what the hell i'm like what the
hell and i remember back i'm like holy shit terrian came in and was doing the typical like
we're getting rid of every,
any veteran that could ever stand up to me so I can have all young guys.
I could bully around and scare.
And they waved recce.
So I imagine that,
that I haven't seen recs since I played with them.
I think I imagine he probably despises Terrian.
I wish he went like Michael Jordan style in his Hall of Fame speech
and just, like, ripped on the people that, like, he couldn't stand in the league.
That would be electric television.
For that fat tobacco-smelling fucking, fucking Quebec.
But, like, it just showed you how wrong he was.
Like, you know, I mean, I don't know what kind of shape
or what the situation was exactly in Pittsburgh then,
but he waved them, and the guy played fucking three more seasons
than one of the Stanley Cup.
That's the ultimate, like, rub your face in it.
You were fucking totally wrong about me, you know?
I just happened to notice that research in the shit the other night.
Fucking my boy Terry, and he always seems to pop up on this show, huh?
Yep, yep, yep.
You know, he announced his presence with authority everywhere he went.
I forgot Recchi played in Tampa, too, that year before when the Bruins traded for him. I didn't know
he played most of that year in Tampa. I totally forgot
that also. Yeah, and he was actually in
Boston. I mean, you know, he was a deadline deal,
but the Bruins didn't win it that year. They didn't
win it for another two years. He was actually, you know,
I think a three-season stint here, so, you know,
it wasn't like just a cup of coffee he had
when he won it with Carolina, because, you know...
Was the first year he
came 0-8-0-9, was that when they
blew the 3-0 lead to Philly?
Or was that 0-9-2010?
2010, they blew the
3-game lead to Philly.
They blew a 3-game lead
and then a 3-0 lead in Game 7.
Yeah, I was at that fucking game.
That was one of the...
If it was
one further round, it would have been really bad.
But I think the fact that it was only the second round took a little bit of the sting out of it.
But I don't know.
It's like the fact they won it the next year kind of makes it almost like it didn't happen.
Yeah, exactly.
If they still hadn't won it since then, you'd be like, oh, my God.
You wouldn't forget it as easily as I think people have around here.
Around Beantown.
I'm in New Jersey right now.
It's the quickest.
Quick note on...
It's beautiful in New Jersey.
You mentioned Detroit dummy in Calgary 8-2 Wednesday night.
Just a quick note to the gaming community.
That's a perfect example of why you need to check your goalies
before you're going to make a wager because I looked that night
and I saw Eddie Lack was starting.
And Eddie Lack, he's a journeyman number two guy, well-liked teammate, but you know, he is what he is as
far as a goaltender.
And Mike Smith is a fucking number one guy.
So if you're going to bet a game, if you just bet that game willy nilly, thinking, oh, Calgary
is Calgary, then you let smoke because you didn't check who the goalies were.
So just a little gambling tip for you kids out there.
Yep.
Good tip.
Good tip.
I had, uh, I had Anaheim on Wednesday night, minus one and a half.
Thank you very much.
Told Portnoy to take it.
He's like getting rinsed on college basketball from big cat picks.
I go, dude, start doing it.
He actually said before I said anything, Dave's like, I should just do hockey.
Every hockey game I pick, they end up winning.
I'd crush it.
I'm like, okay, Anaheim tonight, goal line, dude.
I'm telling you, the Bruins stink and they have injuries.
They don't stink. They have a bunch of guys out. Anaheim does too goal line, dude. I'm telling you, the Bruins stink, and they have injuries. They don't stink.
They have a bunch of guys out.
Anaheim does, too, but I just liked it.
Sure enough, it covered.
I guarantee he didn't listen to me, though.
So who's the Muppet now?
I took the RA advice last night and took Blackhawks' puck line,
and that was a lock there.
Ooh, that was  yeah, but that was
That was close at the end there.
That was a lot.
Yeah, like it was 4-1 looking great. I stayed away from that game because the Rangers have been so good. By the way, we've at the end there. Yeah, it was 4-1 looking great.
I stayed away from that game because the Rangers have been so good.
By the way, we've got the Rangers going.
We shit on them, and then they didn't lose since.
That would have been seven in a row.
Grinnelli can back me up here.
He can see with the word I have circled here with an arrow
to make sure I talk about it.
Actually, Grinnelli, go in the fridge, grab me some Franks
because I want to put it on this crow I'm about to eat right now.
The Rags,
yeah, it's almost like they heard us talking about them and they woke up. What did they win?
Five, six in a row before they lost in
Chicago Wednesday night. Yeah.
Yeah, man. They fucking started
just kind of playing to their potential.
They got a slow start. It happens to teams.
They're still
outside the playoff bubble, so
they're not fucking out of the woods yet.
But they're definitely looking more like the team people expected.
You know, Hank fucking saved their bacon once again.
But, you know, whatever.
We'll acknowledge them because we know we'll get tripped on fucking Twitter.
And you did mention the Bruins as a fan.
And, you know, we try not to discuss them too much here.
But, you know, it sucks right now because I don't like people.
You know, I'm not going to beat up on the team.
They show the graphic.
You're missing, you know, Bjork, fucking Krejci, Marchand, Backus, Spooner, and fucking McQuaid.
I mean, that's, you know, you're skating like seven fucking rookies right now.
It's just, it's tough to win.
I know, I know, I know.
It's true.
It's not.
It's just, I know.
What are you going to do?
And you got to rely. You can't. Go ahead. No, and, you know, I know. It's true. It's not. It's just, I know. What are you going to do? And you've got to rely.
You can't.
Go ahead.
No, and, you know, you've got to rely on Rasmor.
And I know, like, idiots are going to look at the black score,
maybe the highlights, and blame Rasmor.
But literally, fucking three of those goals were tipped or, like,
bounces off a chariot skate, a tip out front for Perry's goal.
Well, Perry, they gave him the goal first.
They changed it because it actually changed direction.
Just like one of those nights, it was bad luck for a goalie.
And the Bruins just, I mean, Wednesday night, just a bad fucking night.
But, yeah, man, I'm, you know, as a fan, I'm kind of like not hitting the panic button,
but I'm definitely like, you know, just making sure where it is at this stage
because, you know, we're approaching Thanksgiving next week.
And, you know, they're fucking four points back, and it's not an ideal situation.
So, whatever. Hey, Wits, have you seen? Whatever. Whatever. and they're fucking four points back and it's not an ideal situation.
So whatever.
Hey, Wits, have you seen... Whatever.
Whatever.
I'm not going to worry about it.
I'm going to email you.
My dad, when I used to say,
if I said the word whatever,
it was like an automatic backhand.
That word literally drives my father insane.
Whatever?
What the fuck does whatever mean?
I never caught a backhand from my old man never actually
my whole man no he didn't really he didn't backhand me he would like he would just like
push me really hard or like no i never caught anything in the face that could sound kind of
gross that's hilarious i know nowadays it's like you know the generational like back in the 70s
like corporal punishment was part of getting raised as a kid.
Nowadays, it's fucking, you get DSS at your door.
So, guys, before we go to All Right Hamilton,
I want to ask you guys,
I know you're big Team Hank and the Rough and Rowdy.
I want to get your thoughts on the Texan.
Yeah, yeah.
So for people who aren't aware,
Barstool bought Rough and Rowdy, which is basically like backyard boxing.
I mean, guys wear headgear, but I think it's going to be awesome.
They're going to go around, they're going to get the backstories from each guy, why they're fighting, why they're beefing.
West Virginia is an interesting place, to say the least.
So Tex, that moron Tex, is fighting our boy hank the producer the super producer from pardon
my take who's a fellow situate native mind you 02066 from the mean street to situate you know
it's hard down there being a pimp but i think hank's gonna pound his head in i've never seen
uh hank fight i've seen tex fight twice and get his teeth punched in both times.
Mind you, one was against a very good fighter,
and one was against a kid who outweighed him by like 200 pounds.
So I guess just showing up for the fight to win for Tex.
But I just got Hank.
I mean, Tex can't even really speak.
He can't even form a sentence.
And Hank's, you know, now he's got his girl involved.
He's got the girl, Rhea. She's now in the mix. So if he loses now he's got, Hank's got his girl involved. He's got the girl, Rhea, right?
Rhea, yeah.
She's now in the mix, so if he loses,
he's got the embarrassment of his girl that he works with,
who's also around.
I mean, if you lose, if Hank, I mean, either one,
either guy who loses, it's going to be tough to show up to work.
It's tough to show up to that office.
My question to you guys is,
if there was a Canada version of Ruff and Rowdy where it was on ice, how do you think I would fare in the competition?
You'd get fucking pounded, Bernal.
You weigh 100 pounds.
Yeah, I mean, it all depends on who you'd be fighting, I guess.
You know, someone who, because fighting's tough on ice, so obviously it's so much more skill than just punching.
But I don't know.
I mean, Feidelberg's probably the only guy.
You guys, didn't they have a show like that in Canada?
I think there was a, yeah.
Yeah, there was a fighting thing, yeah,
because Goon 2 made fun of it.
Like, there was, like, there was, yeah,
I think it didn't last long, too,
because it was just guys giving each other fucking CT, basically.
But I know I'm thinking, like, nowadays,
you just had to have guys fighting on the ice
battle of the hockey enforcers but um oh my god you couldn't pay me to be in one of those as far
as hank at tex i mean i know robbie fox made i thought i mean i like bob fox a lot but i thought
his line was a little outrageous he had hank like a minus 8 55 and like tex a plus 550 it's like
that's yeah like i don't you know like he's not fighting Tyson here, but I don't know, man.
Texas is a wild swinger.
He doesn't have any discipline and he's all emotion out there,
but he's, he's got a little fucking, you know,
he's kind of a sinewy kid.
He's got some muscle on him and you know,
Hank's fucking tall, Hank's kind of lanky.
And if he connects at one of those,
he can fucking put them down at one shot.
I don't know, man.
It's going to be interesting.
It's kind of funny pitting the fucking office guys against each other
because they've been chirping each other.
There's definitely some undercurrent attention there.
And like you said, you're bringing fucking a guy's girl into it.
That's just like, I mean, I know it's fucking probably a little WWF element
involved here, but, you know, once you mention a guy's old lady,
it's like, oof, the fucking stakes go up, man, you know?
Actually, real quick before we get... I'm sorry, go ahead.
Go ahead.
What were you going to say?
No, just for people who weren't sure.
It wasn't a TV show.
It was a one-time battle of the hockey enforcers.
They had it in Prince George, British Columbia.
And you know one of the guys who fought in it was Link Gates.
Oh, my God.
We should get him on the podcast.
Holy fuck.
People don't know who Link Gates is.
Wikipedia. Look at his picture. Oh, don't know who Link Gates is, Wikipedia him.
Look at his picture.
Oh, my God, his Wikipedia picture is unbelievable.
Savage for the San Jose Sharks.
He would punch our heads in.
He was a savage fighter.
He's 49 years old.
Yeah.
Actually, you see, it was Goon 2.
They actually spoofed that Quebec League that they had.
It was just like all old fighters.
They just would go out and fight.
And fucking the Goon 2, they just totally spoofed out.
Like, they would have the guys fucking come on and fucking, you know,
they didn't even play hockey.
They would just, like, drop the gloves, just making fun of that whole fucking culture.
Oh, yeah.
Did you  one quick thing before ARH.
I know Kevin BXR, a guy who's, you know, has his detractors out there, shall we say.
But have you seen the videos he's done for the Anaheim Ducks
where he puts on like a disguise and fucks with his teammates?
Dude.
The one last year, the one when he squished the ice scraper
is one of the funniest videos I've ever seen.
It really is.
Yeah.
He's going out of the way to shovel into people's skates.
Guy's on his own team.
I mean, I don't know.
Did you see the one this week?
You saw that one, obviously.
That's why you brought up him doing the security guard.
Hilarious, dude.
Like, he's got the heat.
If you haven't seen it, it's Kevin BX.
And they give him, like, the professional prosthetic.
So you're in a wig, and it's like almost Hollywood style.
You can't tell it's him.
And as all the ducks are coming into work that day,
he has the fucking metal detector one.
And, dude, he's, like, fucking using it like a butt plug practically on them and they're getting way up in their grundle and shit and they're like what the fuck you doing dude and then they realize it's
him after it's like definitely we'll tweet it out from the chicklets account too but it's it was
fucking hilarious check that shit out anyways the one the one year the one year this year was funny
but it is his i i don't know i don't know how they didn't know it was him this year was funny, but I don't know.
I don't know how they didn't know it was him this year.
You could obviously tell it was him.
The year before, you had no idea.
He had, like, a huge mustache and a hat on, I think.
This year, they gave him, like, a huge mole.
But if you had looked, players would have been able to tell this year.
I think that guys just give no time to, like, the security guard,
so they're not even looking.
And all of a sudden, you have a metal detector wand tickling your ball sack and it's your fucking teammate that's fucking hilarious
and uh oh he went over to bag he went over to vegas too he's like ah guys can i see that can
i see that soccer ball he's like metal in the soccer ball and uh oh they do it too he was a
fan out up in the, and they were like,
who's your favorite player?
He's like, Perry, he's too slow for me.
He's just basically ranking on all the fucking ducks on the Jumbotron
and the whole fucking arena.
Yeah, that was beautiful.
All right, anyways, we got a couple questions on tap, our usual.
All right, Hamilton.
We got fucking a...
We got to get that in the shirt.
And before we get to this week's All Right, Hamilton, it's brought to you by Helix Sleep.
There's a ton of online mattress retailers popping up every other day nowadays,
all with a one-size-fits-all solution to better sleep.
Well, guess what?
One-size-fits-all doesn't work.
Helix Sleep offers something that doesn't exist anywhere else,
a mattress personalized to your unique preferences and sleep and style that won't set you back thousands of dollars.
Go to helixsleep.com slash
chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Take their simple two to
three minute sleep quiz. They'll build a custom
mattress that will be the best thing you've ever slept
on. For couples, they even personalize
each side of the mattress. And fellas,
if you have a lady friend or another
significant other or whatever,
hogging the sheets the other side.
Everyone sleeps a different way, so it's great to have that.
You've got an option that's nice for everybody.
For couples, it's worked perfect.
Everyone from GQ to Cosmo to the New York Times are talking about why Helix is working so good for people.
Once you try it out, you'll know why.
Your mattress will arrive direct to your door in a week, and the shipping is completely free.
Try it for 100 nights.
If you don't love it, they'll pick it up and refund you in full.
They also have the Helix mattress protector and the Helix foundation.
You can also order to help out with sleep and needs.
So go to helixsleep.com slash chicklets right now, and you'll get 50 off toward your custom mattress.
Again, that's helixsleep.com slash chiclets for 50 off your order.
helixsleep.com slash chiclets.
All right, so Zach Redpath asks,
do hockey players ever exchange jerseys like in the NFL and in soccer,
and who would you guys be afraid to ask?
All right, Hamilton.
I've never seen  I'm sure guys have done jerseys, but they do sticks.
I remember when Lidstrom came and you'd ask for a stick,
and your equipment manager would go over to their equipment manager
and you'd get one.
The guy would usually sign it.
I have Lidstroms and Datsukes.
Those are two good ones.
Who would I be afraid to ask was the question?
Yeah.
Tim Jackman.
Dude, you're getting that picture signed.
You should do what Buckner did and sign the picture of Buckner
and the ball going through his legs when he went that toe at Mookie Wilson
fucking 30 years ago.
You and Jackman go make some
No, Buckner would  I thought Buckner would never sign me, right?
Oh, is it?
Maybe I'm  I know Mookie signed me. Yeah, Buckner moved to Idaho. I thought he signed it once. Yeah, Buckner would never sign, right? Oh, is it? I know Mookie signed.
Yeah, Buckner moved to Idaho.
I thought he signed at once.
Buckner moved into a bunker in Idaho.
Dude, that was the first.
I mean, I know old, old school.
That was the first time I legit had my heart broken as a sports fan.
Like a 14-year-old, not in puberty yet, still obsessed with baseball stats.
And watching that happen in fucking slow motion
was fucking absolutely crushing.
Like the worst sports.
Mine was
like, I was too
young then. I just remember
03 being like
the Brent Boone. Was it Brent Boone?
Aaron Boone.
That was the one that like,
that was like the first time I can remember just being, like, heartbroken.
I was at BU, and I just stormed out of the dorm.
I was in, walked home, miserable.
I wasn't gambling then, thank God.
Oh, God.
Obviously, I didn't, no, I never traded.
Nobody ever wanted my jersey, and I never played in a league where anybody wanted anyone's jersey.
They didn't want one of your intramural jerseys?
No, we just, I was actually-dressed player in intramurals
because my buddy was the hockey captain,
and he used to let me wear his gear on the ice.
So everyone would seem like, oh, this guy must be good.
I'd be head-to-toe in the shop gear, and I'd hit the ice.
I'm like, yeah, we don't have to worry about him.
All right, boys.
So Sean Murray asks, if you could set up any outdoor game,
what would your venue be and match up
U.S., Canada, NHL, international?
Yeah, so what would your match up be?
All right, Hamilton.
Can we just pick any teams from any era?
Yeah, any team, any era, outdoor game.
I would take, here we go.
I would take the 1970s Montreal Canadiens versus the 1970s Soviet fucking Red Army team.
Canadians versus the 1970s Soviet fucking Red Army
team. I would put it
in...
Where the fuck would I play that game?
That's a great
call. When the
Soviets came over and played NHL teams,
that was so cool. Yeah, I would
want a neutral site because
it's like there's two fucking superpowers
from different continents, but actually the United States would be the a neutral site because, like, you know, it's like there's two fucking superpowers from different continents.
But actually, the United States would be the perfect neutral site because all those Canadians, I don't think there were any Americans on that fucking Canadians team.
I would say put those two teams at fucking Madison Square Garden, dude, right?
Outdoor venue.
It's an outdoor game.
Outdoor, motherfucker.
In that case, what's the most iconic fucking stadium?
L.A. Coliseum, maybe?
Like, just because it's such a fucking iconic stadium?
The Big House.
If you're looking at fucking some of the tickets, yeah.
I'd put you on the same.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, Wits.
What do you got?
Oh, man.
The teams are tough.
I would probably, like, I want to have Russia involved,
and then I want to have, like,
I want to have Russia involved.
And then I want to have... Basically, if I could watch the Summit Series
when it was Canada-Russia, 72, Paul Henderson,
and you could play on a pond in Moscow.
Okay, good.
Losing team gets killed by the Russian government.
Just build some boards on a pond.
That would be sick.
Or if you could watch the
80 Olympic
on an outdoor pond with a
rink built on it, it's got to be a sturdy
pond, can't be too deep.
But you know what I'm saying. Yeah, we don't want any
dead zone incidents. That's what I was saying.
I would probably pick Mystery Alaska.
I'd go watch a game in Mystery Alaska.
Yeah, that rink. Yeah.
That rink. The Saturday morning game, right?
Exactly.
What was his name?
Stevie Weeks.
Stevie Weeks.
Ask a millennial.
The Dead Zone.
Oh, Stevie Weeks.
All right.
I knew Dead Zone was something like a millennial thing because neither one of us responded,
and then I knew in your head, you're like, oh, they don't know what that is.
No clue.
Not a big Stephen.
It was a Stephen King book turned into a movie starring Christopher Walken.
It's probably one of the more underrated Stephen King movies out there.
Not for you two idiots.
Not for you two idiots who didn't know who Fargo Lakeland was.
I know Christopher Walken.
Christopher Walken.
Yeah, he plays a guy who, if he touches you, he can see your future.
And it's actually kind of fucking, it's a pretty good little sci-fi horror flick.
Check it out.
Dead Zone.
Not you two idiots.
Everybody listen.
Speaking of sci-fi, actually, no. We'll talk about this
after.
Yeah, we got one more, and
Joe wants to know, who is the
most famous person in you guys'
cell phones?
Wow. I think we've had
this one before. Have we?
I don't think we have.
No?
Probably
Sean Thornton or Kika Chuck.
It's probably an old number what I got for Kika Chuck.
I don't even know if it worked.
But probably Sean Thornton off the top of my head, I'm guessing.
I could scroll through it real quick.
Wits, what about you?
Mine's Leonardo DiCaprio.
Get the fuck out of here.
Nah, yeah, I'm just kidding.
Guys love...
I think...
I mean, I don't know.
Do I fucking...
In the real sense of being famous as pigeon hockey players,
I would guess Crosby, right?
No one else in my phone is as famous as Sidney Crosby, I suppose.
Bob McKenzie's pretty famous.
I got his number.
Actually, I'm looking.
What about Jay Baruchel?
He's a pretty well-known actor.
I got him on my phone,
so I think he might nudge out Sean Thornton.
I'll do it with respect to our boy, Thornton.
See, lucky for me, I get to...
Who's yours?
I get to get all the players on.
Yours is like a bartender at the greatest bar.
No, so lucky for me, I get to get all the players on. Yours is like a bartender at the greatest bar. No.
So lucky for me, I get to get all...
I set up all these interviews, so I save all these players' numbers.
And you bet your ass when I'm at the bar, I show these off and be like,
Yo, not a big deal.
I got so-and-so's phone number here.
I can't show it to you, but I got it here.
And they're like, no way.
You have his number?
You've got to actually...
Hey, actually, I'm looking through my mentions.
There was another All Right Hamilton, and I read it,
and I didn't know if you'd read it, but I wanted to say,
hey, boys, Alex Cappy, Alex Cappy, founder of After Dark Music Management.
What is that?
Alex, hey, boys, what's the craziest craziest on ice hit or fight you've ever seen
i have to say because we talked about the hatcher hit on ronick nothing will ever beat
claude lemieux on chris draper that was the most the dirtiest scummiest hit of all time
colorado detroit heyday of their awful,
or not awful, amazing rivalry
where they hate each other. And then Colorado
won the series, and Dino Cicerelli said,
I'm fucking disgusted. I shook that
guy's hand, talking about Claude Lemieux.
So that, Alex, is the dirtiest,
craziest hit I've ever seen. Oh, and the other one, I'm sorry,
I have two. Remember Steve
Downey jumping three feet in
the air and murdering Dean
McCammond in Ottawa yeah yeah you guys remember that hit yeah I do actually that was a fucking
dirty hit well dude yeah the the Lemieux on Draper obviously that's that's the first one that comes
to mind because it was so vicious and unnecessary and and you know it was like again we were talking
about shit stars earlier and he was probably the shit star extreme I mean the probably the best
shit star in NHL history is probably Claude lemieux i mean he's a guy who could kill
you with with the stick and kill you with a stick you know i mean he could get you like spice score
or spearing like he was just a fucking a bastard to play against and that fucking made that rivalry
so much vicious but you know the other convert conversely the other part of that is when fucking
uh darryl m McCarty took Lemieux
and dragged him to the boards and smashed his fucking head off the boards two, three times.
So, you know, it's like that rivalry is tremendous.
So I'll just concur with you just to fucking move the show along here
rather than trying to dig back in the 70s.
I'm watching the Downey hit.
Dean McCammon literally looks dead.
He looked dead on the ice.
That was the worst hit.
That was fucking brutal shit.
All right, that's going to wrap it up for Alright Hamilton.
This week's Alright Hamilton
was also brought to you by HIMSS.
Right now is the holiday season.
Turkey Day is next week.
The night before Turkey Day, a big social gathering.
You get to see a lot of people you haven't seen in a while.
You got Christmas coming up, Hanukkah,
any other holidays you're feeling.
Seeing people you haven't seen in a while. You get a little older, you might not feel as great about yourself. You might look coming up, Hanukkah, any other holidays you're feeling. Seeing people you
haven't seen in a while. And you know, you get a little older, you might not feel as great about
yourself. You might look at a picture from 10 years ago, you see you put a little bit of weight
on. You might be losing your hair a little bit. And you know, you might not be the same stallion
that you were in bed, you know, back in college. Well, HIMSS is here to help you out with all that.
It's the wellness brand for the modern man. It's a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care,
out with all that. It's the wellness brand for the modern man. It's a one-stop shop for hair loss,
skin care, sexual wellness, and even more. It makes personal care trusted, easy, and affordable.
It's trusted because it's all FDA approved. You know it's legit. It's affordable because it costs a fraction of what similar products cost everywhere. And it's easy to use because it's
online, so you don't have to wait in line. No going to pharmacies, no dealing with nurses,
and checking into clinics and all that stuff.
You just go to HIMSS and check out what the products are there.
Good stuff.
Like I said, you know, you might be losing a little up top.
I can certainly relate to that if you're seeing pictures of me.
It might be, you know, like I said, you're not the young buck you were in college.
You might need a little help in that area.
You know, you want to go to HIMSS.
You want to check out all their products, see what they got, and they'll help you out.
So get 50 off when you try HIMS for a month today.
Your trial includes everything you need to keep your hair at half price,
a full 50 off while supplies last.
See website for full details.
Do your future self a favor and try HIMS today.
Go to 4hims.com slash chicklets.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
4hims.com slash chicklets.
Just wrapping up here.
You mentioned that you finally watched The Last Guardians.
Have you watched the Equinelli?
No?
I haven't, no.
I watched it again the other night.
Ice Guardians.
Dude, Ice Guardians.
Dude, there was The Last Gladiators and Ice Guardians.
They were getting made at the same time.
I'm sorry I confused the names.
Ice Guardians, it's a documentary about enforcers and their role.
The other one, The Last Gladion,
that was kind of more of a darker tone.
It really followed Chris Nyland and
his journey. It was really good, well done,
but it definitely captured the darker aspects
of it. I think where the Ice Guardians
was a little more captured
the spirit of the guys and had, I guess,
a little more positivity to it, if you want to say,
but what did you think of it, Wits?
I loved it.
I thought it was great.
I loved how they had guys who fought from every generation.
Like, it was pretty cool.
Also, because I remember playing with, or not with, excuse me,
playing against McGratton, who has a big role in it,
because they follow a lot of his kind of time in San Diego in the AHL.
Yeah.
who has a big role in it because they follow a lot of his kind of time in San Diego and the AHL.
Yeah.
He was one of the most intimidating,
psychotic hockey players.
And he said in the clip,
I actually thought it was so interesting because he used to like,
he would try to kill like our skill forward.
He would fight the fighter.
He didn't care.
And he says,
he goes,
I didn't give a shit if you were a hundred point score or if you played two shifts and fought on both of them.
I would try to legit kill you.
I was like, that was McGrattan.
He used to  he was so  because we were playing  at this point,
the first time I saw him was Wilkes-Barre-Binghamton.
Binghamton was Ottawa's AHL team.
Binghamton, New York.
Dump, dump on dump on dump of a town.
And you'd go in there. Their rink was a
shoebox. It was actually the first exhibition
game I ever played in the NHL
versus Ottawa. And Chara dressed in that
game. I'm not kidding you. He was like
his reach was the entire
neutral zone. A shot from the red line
was basically like a shot from the blue line in any
other rink. And Brian
McGrattattan was trying to
kill everyone then he fought dummied somebody and then he would look at the whole bench talk
shit to the coaches he was a savage out there and him just talking about how he approached the game
and how so many of those guys did i remember riley cote who was in that movie he was so tough in
philly he was for the philly phantoms in the ahl then the flyers um it
was just crazy to see like all the names and you think back to even those guys say oh eric goddard
people forget how tough eric goddard was i was at pittsburgh with him and people are talking uh
about those guys are talking about how hard it was to like the sleepless nights i mean imagine
like the night before knowing you're you're fighting George the Rock.
I don't care how tough you are.
There's a panic in you that just doesn't allow you to relax
at one moment until after the fight.
And you know two nights later,
you're going to have some other heavyweight you were going up against.
So that movie was so well done.
I loved it.
I loved how they went into every different aspect.
They really did a tremendous job.
But like you said, the emotional aspect of it,
never mind the physical, but like you said,
I remember the last time I knew I was fighting someone,
I was in advance, it was probably the fourth grade.
And you get the pit in the stomach then,
let alone knowing days ahead of time.
So yeah, definitely check out.
Yeah, I got the shit kicked on me by some kid.
You know the METCO program?
Some kid came from Roxbury down to
Scituate School and took my basketball
in fifth grade, so I had to fight him
and he dummied me and I still have a
scar on my back from it. No shit.
Literally, 30 years later.
Yeah, you remember when you get beat
up as a kid. It's funny. Actually, Brian McGratton,
he was a late cut on the
Bruins Cup winner team. He actually went to Europe
with them in their first couple games of the season.
They had
basically enough fighters on the team, so they didn't have room for him.
He was a late cut.
You know who was terrifying,
who I don't remember ever watching,
but the clips of him in that video
was Semenko.
Oh, man.
Rest in peace.
But his
head? No wonder he didn't wear a helmet. Rest in peace But his head
I no wonder
He didn't wear a helmet
I don't think there was a helmet that would fit on his head
Yeah he was a tough bastard
He rode shotgun with Gretzky
Protected Gretzky all those years
So yeah check out Last Guides
What else have you been watching?
Any TV, any movies?
I started because I've been here
I'm leaving It's here. I'm leaving.
It's Thursday now. I'm leaving
tonight.
It's yesterday. I've been here
and I've dummied
through Stranger
Things. Oh, season
one. It's weird, dude.
It's like, I didn't expect
this. It's kind of like a horror
sometimes, but the kids
are hilarious. I have
four episodes left in season two, because I'm
kind of like, the first day I watched
four episodes of season one, I'm like,
I can't keep doing this. I'm going to be
a hermit in this disgusting
hotel room of mine. So I've really
liked it, though. It's good. It's entertaining.
It's weird. It's creepy.
But I like it. Yeah, good. I'm glad you jumped on board. I think people who don weird it's creepy but i like it yeah good i'm
glad you jumped on board i think people who don't think they're gonna like it end up liking it good
yeah guys just before we wrap up i just wanted to say um uh former um providence college hockey
player and uh and coach uh passed away this uh past weekend uh at the age of 25 lost his battle
with cancer uh so obviously this being the Hockey Fights Cancer Month,
I know Jordy's doing mustache stuff.
So donate in any way you can.
Obviously, rest in peace to Drew Brown and his entire family.
And donate in any way you can.
Good job, Grinnelli.
Good job for napping on the job there.
That's why we have you as our producer for such things.
Exactly.
Fuck cancer. That was a horrible story. as our producer for such things. Exactly. Fuck cancer.
That was a horrible story.
I heard nothing but great things about him.
And it's just really sad to think of how young he was,
especially this month with the hockey fights, cancer stuff.
So all our prayers are with his friends and family.
Yeah, it's awful shit that, you know,
unfortunately we all have to deal with at some point in this life.
So if you can help out, fucking please do.
Just reverting back to what we were discussing and try to end on a happy note.
I got a movie.
I rented the other night, me and the wife.
I haven't watched the movie for a while.
I heard Girls' Night was funny.
Dude, it was fucking hilarious.
It's like it's Regina Hall, Jada Pinkett Smith, Queen Latifah,
and this comedian Tiffany Haddish who's been all over the place.
You're fucking with me right now.
No, dude.
You're not being serious, dude.
Dude, I swear to God, it was like...
Did you just say Queen Latifah?
I did.
I did.
It's four black chicks.
They're all friends.
They get together to go to New Orleans, dude.
It's fucking hilarious.
You saw Bridesmaids.
Did you watch Bridesmaids?
Is it a Tyler Perry movie?
No, God, it's not a Tyler Perry movie.
It's a fucking funny movie, dude. I read
that the other night. I laughed my balls off.
Did you see Bridesmaids? No?
You can admit to watching
Chick-fil-A. It's okay. I don't think I've seen
it all in full, but it's been on when my
wife's watched it.
Okay.
Such a hot guy. Didn't think any of it was funny.
Okay. All right. Well, then you probably Didn't think any of it was funny. Okay.
All right.
Well, then you probably
won't like Girls Night,
but to people who want
to lie, it's basically
this girl, Tiffany.
Yeah.
It's called Girls Night.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Chicks.
Like, ooh.
So this chick, Tiffany
Hatter, she's she went
to a comedy for 20 years
and she ended up fucking
she steals the movie,
dude.
Kind of like Melissa
McCarthy stole Bridesmaids,
which you claim not to
have seen.
Anyways, it's a fucking
hilarious movie.
You don't want to write
that don't,
but anyone else
who wants to laugh.
Also, The Big Sick
will be on Amazon Prime
next week.
Probably the best movie
I've seen so far this year.
Check that out.
But we're going to wrap it up.
You got to go.
We got to go.
Any final thoughts
you need to share with her?
No, I got a flat tire
when I'm here,
so I have to go to
the fucking tire store
right now.
Guy's probably going to roast me over the coals for the cost of this tire.
I'm out of here, boys.
Great episode, though.
How much you got?
Yeah, exactly.
What does it cost?
How much you got, buddy?
This is Jersey.
Oh, boy.
Welcome to tire land.
Tony's a proud guy.
I'm going to take a fucking Uber X to a tire store.
Get my shit pushed in.
I'll see you later.
Peace out, everyone.
Peace.
Uncle Ricky, would you read us a bedtime story, please?
Oh, please.
All right.
You kids get to bed.
I get the story more.
Y'all tucked in?
