Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is Boston Sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby.
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinnelli, Spittin' Chicklets!
What up, what up, folks? It's the Wit Dog here. I'm joined by Biz Nasty.
Welcome to episode 530 of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Incredible, 530 episodes.
Holy shit, Biz.
How was the weekend?
How were you doing?
Have you heard from Shohei Ohtani or Ashanti?
Neither, but what a crazy game that was.
Dude, that was maybe the most ridiculous 90-second clip I've ever seen.
I mean, me throwing in the R.I.P.
Yeah, that's a big l
for you right on the forehead now the fact that they they mentioned hours later after that clip
came out that she would be singing the national anthem i was scouring the internet scouring my
twitter and seeing had they mentioned this at all where maybe people thought that we did that on
purpose but there was no mention of ashanti singing that anthem so just an all-time coincidence happening but uh i tell you
what if it wasn't for that fumble fuck of an inning for the yankees i think they would have
came back and done it just how many errors i think three judge had an error volpe had an error and
then was it but was it the all-time call that coal pitcher
what the fuck was he doing why didn't he just run out to first base that's what you're supposed to
do as the pitcher i think that it was just a brain fart like yeah you kind of fall asleep
at the wheel a little bit and then boom you think the first base is going to get there but you know
in sports buddy that extra split second split second, you're done.
You're done.
It's a game of inches.
But I was enjoying the shit out of it.
I mean, I was loving, loving seeing that happen to the Yankees.
If the Yankees hadn't won in 2009, they'd be the biggest joke in baseball the last 20 years.
I mean, A-Rod carried them to that one title in 2009.
So they got one since the
collapse to the Red Sox. But I was actually thinking at the same time, while happy the
Yankees were losing, I'm like, fuck, if they somehow come back and win in this Oshanti,
Ashanti being dead or alive, like Aaliyah, it would have been an all time kind of chicklet
story for us if we could have got the Yankees back into the series and yes you called shohei otani maybe the greatest athlete in the world
oshanti but i i ended up being the biggest loser of the clip because i killed a woman
yeah i killed a woman so i believe she's having nelly's baby too so like just i hadn't heard her
name in years like nelly the rapper yeah like they're together if you want to go and take a ride with me three
you know that song wow two heavy hitters going at it like that i didn't know they were together
i i don't i who knows if they're together but are we gonna end up my occulting us again like
the whole fucking podcast are you making up rumors g can g can do a little digging as I read and talk about Pink Whitney.
That is who presents the main sponsorship for this podcast is Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Thanks to them, we're able to do this.
Thanks to them, I have my name on a pink drink.
And they have a very, very special possible fall weekend in Nashville for a lucky winner.
So this fall, Pink Whitney, the go-to shot for a new generation of drinkers,
is launching its first ever party bucket.
Complete with the 20-50 milliliter Pink Whitney bottle,
it's fun, convenient bucket packaging.
Also, the nips are now available in Ontario.
Huge news.
Huge news that you can get the nips in Ontario.
Not the nips you're thinking about from when you took us out in Toronto
and we're wheeling and dealing. No, the get the nips in Ontario, not the nips you're thinking about from when you took us out in Toronto and we're wheeling and dealing.
No, the Pink Whitney nips.
The Pink Whitney 20-pack shot bucket combines the excitement of shots with the convenience of a multi-pack format, making it the perfect accessory for fall tailgates and game days.
The birdie bucket, as we call them.
And Pink Whitney will also be selecting one grand prize winner and sending them and a few of their friends on a trip to nashville tennessee for a weekend of pink whitney filled fun pink whitney will also be
selecting 11 contest winners that will receive limited edition pink whitney western merch
all they have to do is follow the prompts online sweepstakes and contests will be open now until
december 15th go to pink whitney.com slash n Nashville to learn more. So that could be a great weekend.
I'll be pretty close to Nashville actually in the next week here.
I'm going to a place called Gatlinburg.
Where is that?
Tennessee?
It's actually closer to Knoxville, but it isn't in Tennessee.
I'm going with Donnie Does.
We're doing our first hiking experiment.
We're going to be hanging out, doing some content.
We're going to Dolly's World. content we're going to uh we're going to
dolly's world i'm sure she loves pink whitney dolly parton dolly parton has her own version
of graceland so we're going to be exploring that we're going to be on the scooby snacks and uh
we're going to have ourselves a couple fun days so basically you're just going to be like
kind of like the way uh nick and kb from barstool would do the Rediscovering America with Donnie.
It's going to be you and him just filming stuff in the middle of Tennessee.
Yeah, we were originally going to plan on doing it in Vancouver.
It didn't end up working out.
We were going to do the grouse grind, then go do another hike called the Chief.
And he live streams his hikes.
And I mean, he's just such an interesting
guy and I've obviously followed him since the beginning. He's got some of the best content,
if not the best content at barstool, he's done some wacky one-offs where he went to that
underground, uh, village in Vegas. Did you ever see that one where it's like,
it's like the penguin. It's like the real life penguin. Yeah. Yeah. Like he's just,
he he's went to Mount Everest.
He just did base camp.
He didn't do the whole thing.
I think it takes like quite a while to get acclimated as you go up and then have to come
back down to all the altitudes.
So he actually randomly ran into Kovalchuk's wife when he was at base camp of Everest.
I think she ended up doing the whole thing.
He was like messaging me like, Hey, do you know this guy?
Like, do you know Kovalchuk?
I'm like, no, other than the tweet I sent out
where I got my original Twitter canceled.
That's the only connection I have to Kovalchuk.
But I'm just fascinated.
Ilya met her at the top.
He took a helicopter up there.
I'm guessing you probably can't take a helicopter
to the top of Mount Everest.
So that's probably another dumb comment.
I would assume that you can't do that.
No, no, you can't.
No, you have to get a Charmin and you have to go the
heel toe express, but he's just done so many fascinating things. I'm fascinated by him. He's
done all these treks overseas. So I figured he'd be a fun guy to collab with and who knows where
it goes, but I think we're going to do the hike and then, and then film a podcast at the top of
the hike and then see where it goes. And then hopefully it just leads to more
and more adventures and eventually maybe even outside of North America. So how we landed on
Gatlinburg, I don't know, but we had to stay in that pocket of the world because we're actually
going to be heading on Saturday. So we're doing this on Thursday, Friday, Saturday. And then on
Saturday, I'm heading to see you in Florida with our boy, Yandel, who we were supposed to do this podcast with him, but considering we're going there to
film a sandbagger in Florida, this, uh, this next week here, we figured why not just do our podcast
with Keith Yandel in person. And we're going to have a few special guests and we're going to be
recording from my understanding at his crib. So it'll be a fun little week so we got a lot in
store for our chicklets listeners including a little collaboration with donnie does and i'm
wondering is this going to be micro dosing or is this like a macro dose type hike like will you
get mangled or you just get happy i think the plan was is every mile that we trek we do a scooby snack
now that might get a little too out of hand and by the
time we'd have to record a podcast we might just be drooling on ourselves so i think we're gonna
like we'll play it by ear let's just play it that way we will be taking ubers or or and or have a
driver because that's what the plan is to get a little bit of silly uh to get silly excuse me
especially going to dolly world like i
have no i have no idea what to expect i would imagine it's just like a bunch of like oversized
bras uh and photos of her huge jammers along with a lot of her hit tunes and records on the wall
what else would dolly parton be famous for i think she's considered a real legend in the in the music industry now this is like
we might as well be talking about um like advanced geometry right now like there's dolly parton
there's probably a couple dolly parton stands that are listening to this pod that are disgusted
that you even mentioned like what else could i see at her house besides i said i said hit records
and then and then oversized bras because i think that she is known for her music and her fantastic jugs and i i don't mind saying that about an
elderly woman because she she runs a tight ship like i'm telling you right now like i might be
the hottest on the planet i am on google images that there cannot be a hotter 78 year old woman in the world 78 years old and
if you saw her at stampede you'd be just like hey baby nice to nice to meet you i'm biz nasty like
you would be right up in that biz i would try to talk some game to dolly parton i think she would
shoo me away i think uh she's probably fed up with the youngins like me she wants a nice mature man probably someone a little closer to her age but i think that anybody
listening can respect the fact that she has a nice heavy set and that she is well known for
maybe not just as much as her music for that but pretty fucking close okay Okay. Also coming in on the notes app here,
Nelly and Ashanti began dating in 2003.
That's 21 years ago before breaking up and reuniting.
Reuniting recently.
They are now married and welcomed their first child together in July 2024.
If that kid is not musically gifted,
I'd be shocked.
I mean,
as you said, Ashanti had some real bangers back in
the day she's alive and well just gave birth and nelly has one of the all-time albums country
grammar i believe it was called it was my senior year of high school i was at the national program
in ann arbor now currently in plymouth michigan how many times did you put belly button soup uh
in your belly button um to tip drill to who
to tip drill the music video tip drill so i don't know that one and i don't want to watch it now in
case i get too excited while recording considering there may be some children watching but i was
gonna say we just listened every day front to back it's not a bad song on that on that album and it was nelly like all year long like all year long so um
just an amazing amazing couple i think and we kind of put them together maybe did we put them back on
the map that might be overreaching a tad but i i would like to think ashanti's just back in the
scene thanks to shohei otani and paul i would like to see her her downloads her streams because
that's what the how they that's how they really uh I guess uh what would you say that value the artist nowadays
it's not about records sold it's more about how they streaming I would imagine her streaming
numbers have escalated since we mentioned the Oshanti uh the collaboration so um I would agree
with you they have they have a lot to thank for, and the fact that their careers have been reignited.
Anything else that you got into this weekend?
This weekend took the boys and my buddy Reggie's kids
and Billy Ryan.
He scouts for Montreal.
We went to the Michigan BU game Friday night.
Michigan whooped them.
And they got this Michael Haag kid.
I don't know if you've heard about him.
Stud. First round pick from Montreal. So Bill's a Montreal scout. He'd been telling me all about
him, seeing him play. Big righty, super skilled, nasty laterally. He got injured. He came back in
the game, but he didn't play the second night. Michigan won both games. They won an OT 5-4 after winning Friday 5-1. But this kid, he looks legit. He is
very good, great skater, has sick hands. I think you're going to see him being a really good player
in the NHL based on what I saw in this one game, even though half of it he had come back from going
down the tunnel. Had Wyatt at the game. That was his first game. Kind of a nightmare when he
realized it wasn't a Leafs game.
Like I kept saying, we're going to a BU game.
And for some reason in his mind,
and then we got there very early to be able to get seats.
There's a Mark Bavis box.
Mark Bavis was an amazing person.
He died on 9-11.
He was a scout for the Los Angeles Kings.
He played at BU.
His twin brother, Mike, was my assistant coach
while I was there.
Awesome family.
So they have a box in his name that alumni can go to.
So we get in early because I think there's about 15 seats in there.
We had six kids.
So I wanted to get the seats early.
And Wyatt saw the Canadian flag.
So he's like, Maple Leafs, Maple Leafs.
So then he still, for some reason, thought it was a Maple Leafs game.
But it's a red and white arena.
And it was kind of a disaster when he realized that it wasn't a Leafs game
and he's still waiting for that jersey.
For everyone listening, Biz did call me post-recording last week.
He said, put me on speakerphone.
And he's like, Wyatt, I'm telling him to give you the jersey.
I'm telling him to give you the jersey.
So kind of
made a nightmare scenario for me there and then they drop back-to-back games on their fucking
road trip so at this point I might fly to Boston and wring your goddamn neck out if you don't hand
him that fucking jersey because everything will turn when Squanto has his jersey that's the that
that's that was the whole point in getting it for him is we needed that luck early in the season on our side the leafs always start out 500 after 12 15 games the sky's
falling everybody in media is losing their fucking minds their power play can't get going all i want
is squanto to have his fucking jersey now i'm going to try call child services on you if you
don't hand them that fucking jersey 16 November 16th. November 16th.
They'll have that jersey and just watch the run they go on after that. They'll either win every
game or they'll be somehow turning into the 1973 Philadelphia Flyers. So I don't know how that's
going to go. I also went through, I think married people might see where I'm coming from on this
a little bit more. My wife lost her phone yesterday. Now here's the thing. She lost
her phone in the house. And when I kind of lose things, it's like, I'm on my own. I'm like flipping
out and I'm looking everywhere, but she's doing everything. She's cooking, she's cleaning,
she's taking care of the kids. So I understand. Well, when she lost her phone, it was the world
has stopped. Right. And the world is now going to be looking lost her phone it was the world has stopped right
and the world is now going to be looking for my phone and as i'm spending hours looking for this
phone hours because i'm outside in the backyard with a flashlight and i'm just wondering like
if this was my phone would she be helping me the way i'm helping her like how good of a husband am
i i don't really appreciate this right now i wanted to watch the penguin which we already
mentioned this incredible show on hbo it's starring colin farrell who has a fat suit incredible in it
it's it's just an unreal show and it's not for people who don't like superhero stuff i'm talking
to one buddy justin miser good friend of mine from medina minnesota he won't watch anything that's
fake like that's his thing which i kind of am like a little bit nothing fiction nothing
like fake like nothing superheroes nothing um like game of thrones he won't watch anything fake
okay well this show while you may see the penguin and think of dc comics or whatever the batman is
it is straight mafia show and it's phenomenal and i can't recommend it enough to anyone but
instead of watching the second to last episode i am in a i have a flashlight and i can't recommend it enough to anyone but instead of watching the
second to last episode i i mean i have a flashlight and i'm on this grass that's now getting a little
frosty as it cooled a little bit overnight and i'm looking for my wife's phone and we looked and
looked and looked and she didn't find it and she went and bought a new one today and what her
phone's eleven hundred dollars i don't know and what happens the cleaning lady comes today and
finds her fucking phone where was it i don't even know she just happens? The cleaning lady comes today and finds her fucking phone. Where was it? I don't even know.
She just came in here, right?
It is.
Hold me the phone.
I'm like, can you return the other phone?
I mean, it's just one of those things where I think husbands know what I'm saying.
She steals everything from me.
You know what you should get her for Christmas?
A phone?
On those Apple Watches, when you lose your phone, you can make a setting where all of a sudden it'll keep beeping until you find it you can do that you can do that even without an apple watch you can do that on
find my iphone but we did that and i taught her all about it and i said you can go on sign in your
apple id and you can pick the device you want to find and you can set off a little flare and boom
boom boom bing bing bing bing it's making noises well she she hadn't turned that on but somehow
that was kind of like my fault a little bit.
It's just like I think married guys know.
While I will say this again, she does everything.
I'm lost puppy without her.
Like when you say everything, is she paying all the-
But I don't think-
Is she going online?
She would have been helping me find my phone like I was.
Is she going online making sure all the bills are paid, like your gas bill?
No, my accountant pays all the bills. I'm talking gas bill like when you say uh we i i my
accountant pays all the bills i'm talking the three children under the roof oh those p l yeah
you know the the the dinners the packing of the lunches the buying of the clothes the doing of
the laundry the changing of most of the diapers all the things that really are the list the list
goes on and on you know what i mean like signing them up for sports. Well, I don't, but I believe you.
Yeah, you know what I'm saying.
So it was kind of a long Sunday night looking for a cell phone that then was found by the cleaning lady.
So I know I digress.
I want to shout out Mikey Grinelli.
We will get into hockey, folks.
Mikey Grinelli, what an episode of Chicklets You that dropped this past week.
Couple clicks.
Couple clicks. couple clicks couple clicks couple clicks not too many because the clicks are really really
deserved by the the army student recruit warriors however we want to call them but i had a former
army hockey player actually reach out to me and he was just so grateful and saying thanks for for
shining some spotlight on these these men and these women who who are just incredible like to
see what they do to see how beautiful that
campus was. The video came out amazing. So shout out you, Pasha, Fishy, everyone involved. Good
job. Thank you. Yeah, it was an awesome video. The reception has been incredible. Shout out to
Coach Riley, who is in his final year, 21 years at the helm. Riley has been behind the bench since
1950 at Army. So it was crazy. We got to sit down and chat with him for about 40 minutes.
We did the tour with Captain Mikey Sacco,
got to go in the dining hall,
which is called the mess hall,
which was incredible.
But it was really cool at the end.
We got to hit the Trail of the Fallen.
I talked about it briefly last week,
but the Trail of the Fallen is,
you take this rock up this two mile hike
and at the top of the mountain, you basically
put down a rock for someone who gave the ultimate sacrifice. And at the end of the video, you know,
Mikey Sacco made an amazing speech and then coach kind of took over and, and kept it going and,
you know, talked about what it means to be an army hockey player and, you know, blocking a shot,
you know, there's, there's so many simple things like that, that it's such a minor thing to them.
You know what I mean?
Where there's so much, so much bigger stuff out there that they're worried about that they have to go face after their hockey career ends.
So we dedicated the video to Major Thomas Kennedy and First Lieutenant Derek Hines, who gave the ultimate sacrifice and lost their life in battle.
Two former Army hockey players where, like, right when you walk in the team room derrick heinz team room derrick heinz quotes everywhere pictures of him everywhere
you almost get chills because you're inspired by this guy and and everything he stood for so
yeah thank you guys for pointing out the video go watch it now on youtube and rumble and it was uh
it was really it was really fun to film we didn't want to just rinse and repeat this year
you know hit no dacAC, all these amazing schools with
these amazing facilities, but there's so much
more to college hockey than
an anti-gravity room or a high
altitude room. There's the stories of
the players at Army who aren't going to go
play pro after hockey, but man,
are they some interesting guys. So yeah,
go watch that now and we had a blast
filming it. So definitely the most emotional
one you've done so far.
That was your sixth Chicklets U video.
And like you said, still cool to highlight all the facilities that some of these programs have.
But this one was obviously a little bit deeper.
Would there be another university that obviously it's not going to be Army, but has a similar story?
Like does Navy have a hockey team?
No, Navy doesn't.
But it was cool, Biz. That's a great question.
Because in the video, I learned about the RMC, the Royal Military, the Canada's Armed Forces.
I'd never heard of that team either.
Me either.
And they play against Army every year.
And, you know, I went in there thinking Air Force, Army, Air Force, Army, Air Force.
That's the big rivalry.
And then you talk to the guys and in the room, they have this giant cup and it's from 1923 it's fucking huge we talk about in the video
and and they're they're one of their biggest rivals as they talk about is is rmc it's usa
versus canada that's their like you know best on best and it's uh yeah it was really cool to learn
about that learn about the power of one that there's so many intricate things about this
school that just make it really
unique and special.
So yeah,
it was,
it was fun to film.
And then there was the IOTC challenge,
which that was about as embarrassing as it gets.
Like,
fuck,
I sent you guys the email the day after the,
the day after the video released,
I emailed my old trainer and I said,
sign me up for eight sessions.
This is,
this was bad.
To be,
to be,
to be fair. That's like G enlisting in the army, him me up for eight sessions. This was bad. To be fair.
That's like G enlisting in the army,
him going to eight training sessions.
He's going to be walking the elliptical.
Yeah, G's talking about blocking shots not being a big deal.
Like he wasn't flamingoing out of the way
at Burlington High of a 73-mile-an-hour slap shot
from some kid of Saugus.
He was like Yance.
His job wasn't to block shots.
And I mean, I was a shot blocker so
i'm able to kind of tell and sniff out the people who got out of the way uh derrick heinz actually
from massachusetts played at saint john's prep they still have a memorial game every year for
him i believe and i talked to a friend of mine who had played with him there he said he was one of
the fastest skaters he's ever seen so you know you know, an amazing person. And same with Major Thomas Kennedy.
So a great video, G.
That's a job well done.
It's a job well done, buddy.
Yeah, you and Fishy did an incredible job.
Keep it going.
Keep it going.
And I guess we could keep it going with some positivity, right?
That's what you get out of watching that video in Army.
And there's some positive things going on in the NHL right now, Biz.
There's some teams that are very happy with where they're at.
They're very happy with how things are going. On on the flip side there are ones that are maybe panicking
a little bit little disappointment so far but on the bright side of this league and these teams
buzzing right now the winnipeg jets yeah i feel like a broken record i know i know i but what
are we you can't you can't not talk about, I mean, when you're about to reach wagon status,
you can't not mention the teams that are going to reach wagon status.
And the front runner right now is the Winnipeg Jets, Woody.
I looked at their record in the last nine games, so they're 8-1.
Now, I will say, I will say, they haven't beat the best of teams lately.
I'm not dogging them.
I'm not calling them frauds.
I love the vibe in the building kyle connor
i cannot wait to watch him in best on best the kid is a joke out there dominating i believe
one more game and he ties kevin stevens for the most games in a row with a point to start an nhl
season he's at 12 kevin stevens did it 13 games in a row already. What a legend
that guy is. And Kyle Connor right now continues to impress me. And he has every season very
quietly kind of because of the Jets. But their wins in the last nine games, eight of them,
they beat the Sharks. I mean, come on. They beat Pittsburgh. Horrible. But maybe looking a little
better. I don't know. They beat St. Louis.
They beat Seattle.
They beat Calgary.
They then lost to Busy's Leafs.
They beat Detroit, Columbus, and then they got Tampa on Sunday.
What are you going to do here?
What are you going to do?
You're going to try and rag on them after the start?
No, no, no.
I'm keeping.
I'm a realist.
And I'm somebody that's's while being excited and happy
for a Canadian city.
And apparently the attendance issues you brought up have gone up.
They've gotten a little better.
I think maybe only one sellout so far this year, which was the Leafs.
And you know, the contingent of Leafs fans across Canada might've definitely had something
to do with that.
So a little surprising, a little surprising, but it's better than it was last year.
Wendy from Winnipeg is fucking punching her steel row right now.
The fact that we were trying to start off all positive and then you're ragging on the teams they beat.
It's early in the season, witty boy.
All the teams are good.
I like this team a lot.
And they own Edmonton.
So I'm not dogging them.
I'm just bringing up the stats.
They're the most exciting team in the league right now.
They have the highest amount of goals scored through their first, what games 59 goals they got so far right now okay and you mentioned kyle
connor shaking bacon out there one of the nicest like he's probably one of the least talked about
superstars in the league because he's playing in winnipeg just his one-on-one game and how slippery
he is i he ended up getting hurt the other night when Kucherov got him from behind, but thankfully
for Winnipeg fans, a sigh
of relief as he goes down the
tunnel because of the spotter.
They check him out and he's good to go.
I want to say it's the
longest
streak to
start a season with a point
consecutive streak in their franchise's history.
To start the season. There point consecutive streak in their franchise's history. Right?
To start the season.
There was a guy in their franchise who had a 15-game point streak.
Do you remember who that was?
I'm going to get, I'm going to, I don't know.
I mean, it's got to be Timu?
No.
Now, keep in mind, when they moved the team. Oh, I guess this isn't their franchise.
That's not their franchise.
We're going thrashers and we're going Jets here.
Was it Kovalchuk?
No, it was not.
Hosa.
It was nobody.
15-game point streak.
In his second season, Patrick Laine holds the record for longest point streak in that organization's history.
That was the season he had 44 goals, 70 points, and that still holds up as the longest point streak. Now, to start the season, I want to say Kovalchuk had a very similar pace. Maybe he had points in the first 10 games to start when he was an Atlanta Thrasher, but nonetheless, Kyle Connor now holds that record.
Another record for one of their players, Nikolaj Ehlers.
He becomes the highest scoring Danish player to ever play in the National Hockey League.
Do you know who he passed?
Come on.
I'm trying to.
So he's got, what does he have?
450-ish points now?
Yeah. What Danish player had that many?
I can only think of.
I don't know.
I'm going to give you a clue.
Okay.
He played for the New York Islanders and the Detroit Red Wings.
Franz Nielsen.
Franz Nielsen.
Franz Nielsen.
He was...
And I remember he was silky,
but I wouldn't have thought he had that many points.
I mean, that's a good number.
Me neither.
And he didn't really start his career off that hot
when he was with the Islanders. It was kind of towards the middle and end of his career where he was getting in that 20
goal range every year and just kept chipping away but yeah i mean shout out to nikolai either's man
like i talked about him last podcast now um out of that core group of players who they want to keep
he's obviously one of them but i think there might be an issue right now because Kyle Connor is obviously getting those minutes where he's playing 20
21 minutes a night where Ehlers is kind of that second fiddle guy where some of the nights he's
coming in at 16 17 where my understanding is they tried to lock him up and offered him a contract
where as of right now he's saying I think i can go somewhere else and get a better
payday and get those minutes so he's proven it all right now and that's a great one-two punch
for the winnipeg jets and and a big reason why they're the highest scoring team in the national
hockey league right now so anytime i see somebody that just is coming up on that free agency July 1st, and they just light it up.
It makes me so genuinely happy for them.
Like, it is your time to show up and perform.
And if you do, you're going to make so much more money
than if you did not.
And 17 points already he's got.
Is that what he's at?
17 points in 12 games.
Now, another guy on the team I do have to bring up,
and this Winnipeg
love is insane we always get chirped for not talking about them and the playoffs were the
playoffs i'm not being negative but josh morrissey and what he's done it's such an odd rare case to
see his career arc and how it's happened because everyone's always known even ever since he was drafted like great skater sees the ice well overall awesome defenseman right and he comes into the nhl
and you see right away like he spends one year in the ahl has 22 points okay nothing crazy and
then he gets 20 his rookie year in the nhl in 26 31 31 21 31, 21. Then he hops up to 37.
But we're now talking six, seven years
where you usually see, all right, this is who a guy is.
This is the player he is.
And all of a sudden, I don't know what this guy did,
but he is an offensive power from the back end now.
He went from 37 points, he jumped up to 76.
Last year, he repeated it 69 points. Nice
in 81 games and 15 points in 12 games. So as a former offensive defenseman, defensively challenged
unlike him, I never remember seeing somebody just kind of quietly, which is 30 and then the 37 points it's nice it's great great
chipping nice player but to then pop up to 76 and 69 it's it's very rare to see that later in a
career yeah no doubt i think probably a lot has to do with paul maurice and giving him those reins
and of course like we always talk about their top nine and some of the offensive guys they have on
their first few lines so he's getting to play power play with those guys as well.
So the way that they're snapping around, I want to say their power play is first in the league and it's clicking at 44.
They look like the fucking goddamn Edmonton Oilers from last year and the year before that.
So it's pretty remarkable what they're doing right now, even from a full body of work.
They've allowed the fifth fewest goals as well.
That probably has a lot to do with Hellebuck as well,
but overall, their team defensive game
and the way they're able to play in their own end
has a lot to do with their success early on.
Best goal differential in the whole NHL.
They're outscoring what they're giving up 2-1.
They're plus 29 goal differential.
Highest scoring defense, too.
Highest scoring defense.
So they're getting it between him and Pionk.
And I thought their defense would have dwindled
a little bit without Dylan.
Not from an offensive perspective,
but just having a big body back there.
A good, I would say a good second line pairing guy.
A guy who could add toughness and maybe deter
the opposition to getting to the net front.
But everyone to a man on that team
is playing incredible hockey right now they came in and hit the ground running and took all that
adversity they'd faced in that first round last year after getting embarrassed and shoving up
everybody's hoop and i think it goes without saying we said at last podcast about hellebuck
and his numbers i wrote down some of the stuff that he's got going on right now. Obviously, he's won
two Veznas, looking for his third. He's sixth in goals against average. He's eighth in save
percentage. He's first in wins, and he's sixth in playing time. So they rely pretty heavily on the
guy as well. And one thing that did pop up, though, and we can get in discussion about this,
there was a goal against Tampa Bay Bay and you were pretty fired up
about it. You think it's ridiculous. You've seen a few shady ones scored or even disallowed on your
Edmonton Oilers. It's this whole goaltender interference. I feel like we haven't talked
about it this much since the foot in the crease year with the Brett Hall situation. So there was
one that was scored by the Tampa Bay Lightning that you thought for sure was getting called back
and actually his father uh Chuck Hellebuck took to Twitter to be like what the fuck is going on
here NHL this is bullshit now I'll let you describe the goal and what you thought of it
watching it in real time Chuck Hellebuck what a name yeah quickly like Chuck Hellebuck I mean
that guy has to be the man hey I'm Chuck Hellebuck oh can mean, that guy has to be the man.
Hey,
I'm Chuck Hellebuck.
Oh,
can we be friends?
So he went on Twitter and he actually tweeted out,
he retweeted the video
of the goal,
the goal that stood somehow.
And he said,
I tuned in late
to see this on replay.
Geeky number 14
lifts his pad with his stick
and then pushes his pad
into the net,
never touching the puck, then falls on him.
And that's not goaltender interference,
question mark, exclamation point.
Come on.
Go at NHL Jets.
So I was watching the game.
Fast-paced, good game.
Winnipeg comes back and gets the victory.
Albo Merles before the game goes,
there's going to be 12 goals here tonight.
And there almost was. And there here tonight. And there almost was.
And there was 11.
And there was 11.
But yeah, I hate being the guy
to kind of like bring up something
that is currently a headache
and will only get worse
for the National Hockey League.
And that is the goaltender interference.
I wrote back to Chuck.
I said, Chuck, you just got to flip a coin, bud.
Because there's a chance,
no offense
to these guys who do good work and and they work their ass off in making the nhl the wonderful
product that we see but they have an issue with goaltender interference and i think there's a
chance they're flipping a coin because this one biz i don't know if you've actually have you watched
the replay of the goal biz have you seen it yourself the pushing of the pad and the fact
that he doesn't even have to make contact with a puck like that's what's crazy about it and you it it's like he's
like it's like he's pushing a shovel that's getting snow off of the outdoor rink how he's
pushing his pad yeah and it almost it felt even worse it felt worse than the one that they even
allowed against edmonton that michkov scored that first one where
i felt like almost he'd pushed uh and that was the same day isamont in tampa about two hours earlier
got one taken back but it's it's crazy buddy it's crazy and what i'm what i'm worried about
and could see happening is a stanley cup final game being decided on one of these fucking goals
where it's game five of the cup final third period three
minutes left and there's millions of people watching the replay and nobody has a goddamn clue
including the guys making the decision in the office that is what's scary and that brings us
back to the winnipeg jets and connor hellebuck because he was the one that was on the wrong side
of this push by geeky and the goal stood and he's probably furious you saw um god one that was on the wrong side of this push by Geeky. And the goal stood.
And he's probably furious.
You saw Scott Arneal on the bench.
And he's like, when they said goal.
And then they got to go on the penalty.
You got to get a penalty kill.
Because you get the penalty for challenging the goal.
So he's like, what the fuck?
And Hellebuck mentions.
And I don't know if he mentioned this after the game or a prior time.
Apparently, he put together like a presentation i mean something
where he put a lot of effort and time into talking and bringing to the nhl what he thought could be a
baseline for making this as he put it more black and white which is from the goalie's perspective
from the goalie's perspective yeah to break it down a little bit more do you want me to read
off the tweet and what you're talking about? This is from
Murat Eights. I want to say that's his name. I hope I'm not fucking that up.
At WPG Murat. And it's Connor Hellebuck said that a couple of years ago, he made a lengthy
presentation with detailed interpretations of goaltender interference charts video his viewpoint the whole nine yards says he
he knows the nhl has this presentation doesn't know if they do anything with it so i would imagine
that's probably in gary betman's junk box right now and he has not gotten it but i would i would
pay money to see this breakdown and presentation done by Connor Hellebuck.
I would love to see the pie chart, the bar graphs, the whole nine yards, folks.
Give me this breakdown by Connor Hellebuck.
I want to see Chuck there as a sidekick.
It's like the JFK files that the government has.
What else do you think's in Gary's box that like we can never see
besides the Hellebuck presentation?
Here we go.
Here we go.
We might ignore that.
We might ignore that one right now.
But staying in the central biz,
positivity,
positivity Tuesday here at Spitting Chicklets on election day,
the Minnesota wild.
And you know what?
I am happy for them.
And I tweeted out,
I think in game three, I really liked this team. I enjoy watching them play. Bill Guerin, we are biased. He is a friend of ours. He hops on the show in the Central Division preview and he busts our balls. Legend player. Now he's doing a hell of a job as a GM. This team is must watch and it's must watch because of Kirill Kaprizov.
is must watch and it's must watch because of Kirill Kaprizov and I I texted the group the other day like this guy like reminds me of Kucherov a lot and it's not just the Russian thing
it's the way that he can slow down a game and we have Brandon Hagel coming on this episode along
with Kevin Lowe we did that back in the cup finals but both these guys and Hagel's talking
about Kucherov and his ability to slow the game down. And Kaprizov's the same thing.
I watched the Leafs game Sunday.
Awesome game.
They ended up wild winning overtime on a beautiful Matt Boldy breakaway.
But Kaprizov, he's in the offensive zone and the puck just follows him,
which I think some people, maybe if you never played hockey,
you're not sure, it almost looks lucky.
But it's hockey IQ and it's hockey iq and it's
knowing where to be on the ice and like the famous gretzky quote of i was a good player when i went
to the where the puck was and i became a great player when i went to where the puck was going
kapisov knows and then he wins battles dude like he he has that kucherov fire in him too
where he's leading the league in scoring he's up for a contract at some point i think he does he
have one more year i believe he signed a five-year deal where he made nine and league in scoring. He's up for a contract at some point. I think he, does he have one more year, I believe?
Yeah, he signed a five-year deal
where he made nine and a half.
I want to say he's got this year
and then next year left.
So he's eligible for a new deal this summer.
Correct.
And I don't know if you watched,
I know you watched the game.
I don't know if you agree with me
on kind of just the puck following him
and the way it's always on his stick.
It's crazy.
Yeah, and not to take anything away from his line mates,
I think he's had great chemistry with Zuccarello,
but he could play with two of me
and he'd still put up the numbers that he puts up.
He's a fucking freak of nature.
And they were having a discussion.
I want to say it was Futes who was doing a Sportsnet show
and they were talking about,
is he a top five player in the NHL?
And based on his five on five production, I think over the course of the last five years he's fifth on most goals
four and when you could produce five on five over his last 20 games he's got 23 five on five points
so it's not like he's just this power play merchant his ability to score five on five is really how you evaluate players
in today's nhl because of how hard that is to do uh with 21 points through his first 10 games of
the season which is a franchise record do you know who's next on the list for them i'm assuming
gabrick gabrick and koivu with 14 so he has seven more points through 10 games and that was done i think by gabrick and oh three and then it was done by a koivu and oh nine so just an absolute electric factory to start
and uh i i don't know what else you could say other than he's must watch he's he's got to be
up for the heart he's got to be a top three candidate uh this early in the season and he
just continues to produce and put that team on his back now another thing too that's
been huge for the minnesota wow we'll get back to some even crazier career stats that i was looking
up just because of his start but uh they got um spurgeon back the last three games yep okay
so they got apples against toronto buddy the unbelievable play on the OT goal when Max Domi punted it to try to make the safe play
by finding...
What was he doing?
What was he doing?
No, I think that he...
It was funny.
It was funny.
It was a funny clip.
I know it's a funny clip,
but I think that he knows
that he's going to get caught by Spurgeon.
He doesn't see his own teammate behind him a little bit
who he could have shoveled it off to
to buy himself a little bit more time.
And just a great heads-up play by not only Brodine,
I forgot who the other forward was and spurgeon hustling back and knowing those guys are on the same page
and sets them up for that breakaway pass but to go back to what i was saying so spurgeon and brodeen
linked up they played 12 minutes total against the top two lines for the Maple Leafs, they didn't allow one shot on net.
It's crazy.
They outshot the opposition 13 to one.
I think that they had two shot attempts against
and they had 24-4.
So to do that against the top two lines
for the Maple Leafs at home
when you're coming off of an injury
and you've only played three games
in which he's plus five
and now he's got two assists.
The fact that they were doing
what they were doing without him as our top pairing defenseman now he's back in the lineup they're
looking even better with that shutdown pair so just a credit to what they got cooking in Minnesota
they worked their bag off Hines deserves a lot of credit for the way that he's implemented structure
and and how they look and how they play not only five on five but through their special teams
but it's just been fun to watch and i'll hand it over to you i wrote down a couple more carill
stats which are just remarkable uh but um i'll have to shuffle through my pages here to find them
oh you you did what uh seven straight multi-point games he had going before that Leafs game and uh uh only five players since the start of the
2000-2001 season uh to get that many points to get 21 points in the first 10 games of the season
only five players have done it can you name those players I know you can name a few of them since
2001 2000-2001 five players have started out with 21 points or more
in the first 10 games of the season.
I'm going to go Jager in that New York season.
McDavid?
McDavid's done it twice.
Crosby?
Nope.
Kucherov?
Nope.
Jager didn't do it when he had 125 points.
Kucherov hasn't done it? Nope. Iger didn't do it when he had 125 points. Kucherov hasn't done it.
Nope.
I got McDavid.
McDavid's done it twice.
Your boy Leon Dreisaitl has done it twice.
How about what he's doing right now?
What a horse.
Who else?
Who are the other three?
I think this one will very much surprise you
who also did it twice in that period of time.
Mario Lemieux. Mario Lemieux.
Mario Lemieux did it.
I wasn't even thinking Lemux was still ripping it up.
He came back around and he did it two more times, had hot starts like that.
And this one I think will surprise a lot of people.
Thomas Vanik did it in Buffalo 2012-2013.
Thomas Vanik was disgusting.
Disgusting. Disgusting.
Disgusting.
For anyone who wants to remember Thomas Vanik,
even before NHL,
go watch him in the Frozen Four from Minnesota
in the national title game against University of New Hampshire.
That guy, fifth overall pick,
maybe in 03, 04,
he was unbelievable.
He was, I forgot about Thomas Vanik.
He had 21 points.
What did he finish with that year?
No idea.
Do you know what season it was?
I think it might've been Big Head Hockey
that posted that.
And I was just fascinated by the fact
that only five guys had started out that hot
to start an NHL season
in the first 10 games of the year.
And that was starting in 2000 2001 season that that
that's when that that stat is nice stat nice yeah i was doing it because i mean everybody's talking
about krill the thrill in the minnesota wild and we don't get to shine enough love on them uh
especially you know the way the last couple seasons have gone but the fact that they're
dealing with the the buyouts and they've had this hot of a start it's great to see and you're talking about this hot start I think 41 goals through their
first 11 games of the season is the most in franchise history as well so they've had a hard
time scoring goals over the years and this year not so much a problem for them and it's because
a lot of guys are healthy up front and another reason for that is boldy we had um we had billy g on before the season saying you know when you're dealing with
young players it always comes down to consistency last year he had a bit of a rocky start he still
ends up finishing with a crazy amount of goals because he got hot towards the end billy g said
hey if he puts together a full season he could be a 50 and 50 guy. Well, he's not shy off that pace right now with the hot start that he's had.
And obviously a good chemistry going on between those guys right now.
And Billy Guerin being the man in charge of Team USA,
like you got to think he's on the team.
You got to think that he knows like this guy is that good.
I get to watch him every day in practice and games.
I want him on this squad. He's younger. You you know he's ready then for the olympics the following year i i
love matt bull these game that little shimmy shake head fake on the breakaway was dirty made stole our
floggle flying to the wrong corner as he shelved it the crowd looked like it was electric which
it always is in minnesota and i guess the last thing for them, Gustafson's been their horse.
He's got a 924 save percentage and a 2.12 goals against.
But we got to see Marc-Andre Fleury play what will probably be his last game in Pittsburgh this past week.
And that was just, that was so cool.
We saw our girl Jen, they had him cut off the netting.
So he got to keep the net from the goal.
Holy shitwit.
And just seeing Fleury's big smile.
And I was actually thinking, like, he's 39.
He turns 40, actually.
He's got the same birthday as Ryder, November 28th,
because they were saying, oh, he turns 40 November 28th.
I said, no shit.
And he is still doing it.
He's still out there.
And when he gets the chance to go in, he gets the win against the Penguins.
And it's just so cool to see him kind of get this year where montreal will honor him being a french
canadian and and just how good of a guy is it was an awesome awesome night and the picture of letang
himself gino and sid it was great i guess army told us that the night before the game, I think himself, Talbot, who was in town to see Fleury, they're such close friends.
Sid, LeTang, Billy G, and maybe Malkin and Army all went out to dinner, right?
I said, oh, fuck, poor Army, only guy at the table without a ring.
But it must have been a blast.
And the fact that Billy G's Flowers GM and they were all on that same cup team that I got traded from Suck It Again with, it's just a cool thing to see him go back to Pittsburgh one final time.
And he gets there as an 18-year-old with the yellow pads, this superstar first overall pick.
And he's back there for his final game with his three kids and his wife in a different jersey after a career that'll end up in the Hall of Fame.
So a really cool thing for him.
You mentioned that he'll be going back to Montreal.
And when we had Matt's on,
he talked about Guy Lafleur
and how when he had this standing O in Quebec
that was 15 minutes
and not to be outdone in Montreal,
they did 17 minutes.
Do you think Marc-Andre Fleury
gets like a lengthy standing ovation?
Do you think he gets like a 10-minute standing ovation?
No, because he didn't play for the Canadians.
Okay.
So I think it'll be a nice big round of applause,
maybe a stand-up, but it won't be.
Carey Price would get that before Fleury in Montreal.
You know what I'm saying?
All right, fair enough, fair enough.
Okay, I appreciate that.
So on the list of the positivity
and the teams that continue to rip up this league, we have the Washington Capitals next. But you know what? They got beat by the Carolina Hurricanes on Sunday. And I think that that means we should maybe talk about Carolina first because another mea culpa for your boy. I was like, oh, man, before the season. I don't know. They lost a lot there. The heartbreak of not getting Gensel to sign back. And this looked like a team that wasn't primed
and as ready to dominate the regular season
as they had going into this season.
It just seemed different.
I think, what are they, nine and two now, Biz?
They're looking phenomenal.
And this Martin Neches is dominating.
He's lighting
the league on fire
and it's after
a summer in which
there was discussion
of being
him being traded
him not wanting
to be there
he was
I think mentioned
as the guy
that would have been
the big one
if
if
Elias Pedersen
had been traded
from Vancouver
before the deadline
and going back
to Vancouver
maybe
maybe Vancouver fans
would actually
I wouldn't
mind having him right now but at a discount what have you seen in carol like what do you like with
carolina are you as surprised as me that they look this good with this much change no they just come
out so hard like they just skate they just skate right they just cover so much ice uh throughout
the game so it's just business as usual they're getting great goaltending from
anderson uh goss despair like how is how did nobody sign that guy what an incredible move
he ended up going there at the deadline a few years back i think it was arizona who ended up
dealing him and he fit right in like a glove and then he ended up i think he was in detroit last
year and they ended up getting him back where he's a great offensive defenseman can really carry a power play but not really that much of a liability defensively and I
think it just goes back to the fact that they all work well as a unit man it's five guys every time
you step over the boards the way that they're playing man on man d where listen we don't need
to get into the fact whether we think that that fizzles out come playoff time or whether they
don't have enough game breakers to get themselves over the hump.
But when you got guys like Shvetchnikov doing what he's doing and then specifically Natchez, like I think the issue with Natchez was kind of like we were talking about Ehlers where when Gensel, if Gensel's there, you know, he's kind of got his time.
And the players ahead of him who are getting that ice time. He felt that if he got that ice time,
he could produce what they were doing.
And I think that that's where the battle was.
So he takes that bridge deal.
And right now,
man,
the way that he's going,
if he could do this throughout the course of the whole season,
he might be like,
he might be like the other one we were talking about in Capri soft re-up and
come July 1st.
So just,
I guess i'm i guess i'm not
as surprised about their hot start because they always start start hot because they're always
prepared coming into the year i'm just more interested to see where it goes from here
like is this still a team that could end up winning their division like do you think that
they could overtake the rangers like do you that they're that good? I don't know.
Shostakhin right now is so dominant and playing so insane
that I don't even know if the Rangers are as good as their record says
because he's unbeaten.
He's a freak show.
Even when they lose, he's making five ridiculous saves a game.
So I think they could. And now if you look at carolina
like looking at their roster right now what's kind of crazy is like jarvis it's 10 games so
they're eight and two i said nine and two jarvis has has only three goals in 10 games so you know
that'll end up changing but like roslovich he's got six goals already that's a guy like where you
know where does he fit in he was he was on the rangers last year like he seems to have success early on and then kind of fall down the lineup on other teams like can just
like their team in general yeah but net just like i think part of it is that defensively i think
brindamore was always asking for a little bit more like he's like i i know that there's more that you
can give on the other side of the puck and maybe now it's lack of options and lack of gentile and no matter what he's getting the minutes but it seems like brindamore
is pretty honest in terms of like you're gonna get the minutes if if i trust you out there and
offensively i don't think there's ever been a question and now he's just he's doing it at an
even crazier level so the team now freddie anderson's now injured i don't think it's that serious yeah
that is that it's it's crazy it's and they're never like super season ending and one of them
was the blood clot so that's not injury prone right that's just bad a brutal luck but that's
the question like what do you what do you do what do you do in net can can you can you rely on him
like we think we can win a stanley cup
every year with this roster we've been close eastern conference finals second round it's just
we haven't been able to get over the hump we need goaltending and when anderson's in he's great
and he's just not in that much so that's a question we can kind of keep our eye on
no doubt no doubt you did mention uh i don't really have much else on carolina but just wash from last week when
we recorded oh we only had two goals a little bit of a slow start but then boom boom boom boom he's
got five goals since we last recorded so now he's got seven and now he's actually on pace to beat
wayne gretzky's record at the end of this year i will say this on behalf of a hockey fan, or I would assume the NHL is hoping that we can stretch this out
at least to the beginning of next season to really highlight this.
I personally...
I don't know, man.
I want to see him get very close and not break it this year.
No, I disagree with you.
I disagree with you.
I think you're a fucking moron.
We need to stretch this out.
Buddy, next year year let's say
he's eight goals away during the doldrums of the season where we're battling against football and
all these other sports college football nfl i want october november to be ov watch at the beginning
of next season i want them to have success i want them to make playoffs this year i want them to get what 35 goals but i want them to leave a little fat on the bone for us nhl
fans so we can squeeze every last bit of entertainment out of this next year we gotta win
so he's 34 away from tying i believe it's he's at 860 now. 894, make sure G believes the record.
Okay?
He needs 35 more to break it.
That would give him 42 this season.
And to me, it's like 39 years old, this sick fuck,
he ends up doing it with 42 goals as a 39-year-old.
Like, that adds to me when you're saying, like, he's 8 to 10 away.
It's like, no, buddy, he ripped up 42 as a 39-year-old. That adds to me when you're saying he's 8 to 10 away. It's like, no, buddy, he ripped up 42 as a 39.
I'm 41.
You've seen my body.
You're 39 as well, Biz.
Scoring 42 right now, you can't even not dislocate your back
after doing yoga one time.
I would have pulled my L5S1 the way he was back-checking two games ago.
Did you see that back-check all the way from the ozone all the way to the top of the crease?
I would put money on the fact that he's on the gas though.
Oh, you think he's on the gas?
I think after that slow start, something happened.
And then all of a sudden, he's back checking that fast.
Five goals in a week.
You got to imagine he's doing a couple of those balloons.
Remember the way Dahlman described it? I think he's for sure on it.'s doing a couple of those balloons remember the way dolman described it i think he's for sure on it i'd love one of those balloons looking for my
wife's cell phone just balloon me and then i'll just search around find it in two seconds um the
other i mean i know we mentioned stromer last pod but you still gotta stick with him he's i think
he's eighth and scoring right now in the league maybe 10th 17 points and it goes back uh there was a uh that big
head hockey was talking about it too it's that i think it was the 2015 draft you got carill connor
strome eichel and ranton and all at the top of the league and scoring right now so sometimes it
takes them a little bit of time to get going but they're getting some good production from that
2015 draft and we talked to brandon hagel actually actually about being on the Blackhawks with Strom
and if he could tell how good he was going to be.
And so you can listen to that to hear a little bit more about him.
And then I think Connor McMichael is someone who,
it's a cool story because it's a high draft pick
that didn't go in and light it up.
Like these aliens who dominate the league as 19-year-olds,
that's not real life. That's not normal. Give some time, give some patience, and now you're
seeing a player. This guy's making plays. And Carberry, Merle's actually texted us,
please, please, please, somebody put 1,000 for me on DraftKings for Carberry to win the
Jack Adams. I believe he's 8-1 right now. This guy's going to do it this season.
So we'll see if this continues.
Lindgren's been good.
I think it was kind of a weird goal.
Orlov shot a rocket one time,
but he was like ass on the boards.
It went in for the game-winning goal Sunday against Carolina.
But it's been a cool story.
The Ovi thing, the defense,
and basically like an overhaul of the Capitals
from last year getting in the playoffs
but being ripped on the entire year by fools like us.
And then to get swept, it's like this team is not good.
And now they are good.
And now it's exciting.
And the Ovi story, I disagree with you.
I think 42 to break the all-time record at his age.
You know what would be cool, though?
If he did break it
this year game 82 is against the pittsburgh penguins that would be cool if it was in a game
where it was against sydney crosby if he broke and they're cruising into the playoffs and he
becomes the all-time leading scorer and the pens are going golfing oh boy that would be it that
would be a storyline right there so So you just changed your mind,
but he has to do it game 82, you're saying.
Game 82, or I don't want it done
until at least the 12 or 15 game mark next season.
I'm curious to know what fans would think of that.
I think if it's this incredible season
and they're fighting for maybe even winning the division
by the end of the year and he breaks it, sure.
But I don't
know i just like to see them kind of gain as much attention at the start of the year and take a focus
away from the nfl much like they did this past sunday they were going head to head i think gary
was taking some of my advice yeah so an enormous argument we got into last season when you said
you wanted to just like have 12 games every sunday in the fall and all of a
sudden yesterday what what were there yesterday it seemed like there were four or five some good
ones battle of alberta was on battle of alberta was going on toronto minnesota played a great one
and then carolina washington and how old are you listening to you islanders against the rangers too
to kick things off and then and then and then winnipeg uh tampa they had a lot
of action going on sunday going head to head with the goodell i think that a lot of nfl games get so
blown out and boring by the end you would want to switch over to a good hockey game and a lot of
people had that opportunity so that's my philosophy um if i was in charge maybe i get fired after a
week after making that choice
but i'm still sticking to it i don't give a fuck hockey rules hawk sunday is god's day
and the day for hockey guys real quick before we go any farther sadly summer has come to an end
fall is here but that doesn't mean the labatt blue light should stop flowing whether you're
on the golf course at beer league or just watching some football with the boys or girls, you can't find a better
beer than a fresh Labatt Blue Light. Lots of things are better together. Hockey, food, golf.
But if you want to take things to the next level, drink some Labatt Blue Lights with your friends
and live life to the power of we. Biz will actually be doing some stuff with the bat next week in Buffalo.
And so will Chick-fil-A to you in Michigan.
So make sure to stay tuned for more info.
And you know,
you just know Sabres fans could use a few blue lights after the way they've
started this season.
And remember,
take a page out of the bat blue light book and enjoy your beers together.
So you can live life to the power of we.
Find Labatt Blue Lights
at labattusa.com
slash finder.
And to keep with the
hot as a pistol theme, now
we got to keep this team
on the radar. They're
6-5 to start the year, but their fan
base have been barking. Ottawa Senators,
they can score with the best of them.
They can score in bunch all.
Timmy Stutzel is looking like the real deal.
But Witt, they're only one game above 500.
Can they continue to outscore their problems defensively?
Like, do you think that this is a playoff team?
Everybody's all horned up offensively for the Ottawa Senators
because every game they're putting in four or five fucking goals in the net but can they keep it out of their own net to finish
off the year here i'll tell you this like i look at them above and beyond higher and more likely to
get in the playoffs than detroit or buffalo so like you're talking about that three that that
three-legged circus in those three teams,
and one of them, if not more, having to do something this season.
Ottawa, I know we chirped them in the preview,
but the way that they look, and Stutzel is ridiculous.
His contract, his speed.
Now, the diving, if you ask players around the league,
they don't love that.
Don't tell Canadians, fans.
They don't love the accused diving of Tim Stutzel,
but he's a game breaker.
He's a legit offensively super talented game breaker.
When you have that,
and then you have the meat and potatoes in Brady Kachuk,
and the Batherson guys, that's the one to me,
that when he's out, you're constantly hearing they need Batherson.
They need Batherson.
And now you see what he's doing.
And I do like this team.
I mean,
now that I've watched him now,
maybe I like them because the games are entertaining and they're high
scoring and they're high flying.
I think all Mark will figure it out.
I think that this defense will be better.
I mean,
fuck man.
Like if you look at this team compared to the Bruins,
who,
who do you like more right now?
I think the Bruins will fit.
I think the Bruins will figure things out.
They have a lot of,
you're more,
you're more likely to see auto in the playoffs than the Bruins.
No shit.
Hey,
yeah,
I do.
I do.
I think of the Bruins. Like you got pasta? Yeah, I do. I do.
Think of the Bruins.
You got Pasta and we can at some point talk about the Montgomery sitting
in the whole third period. There's Pasta
and Marchand's still a hell of a player
but they got...
I mean, after
Pasta, what does Ottawa have?
Four forwards who are better than the next Bruins
forward? That's fair. That's a good
point. Including this Adam Gaudette kid, too.
I don't know if you follow his story.
Great story.
Spent the whole year last year in the American Hockey League.
I think he played maybe two NHL games last year,
and he's already got six goals for them.
So you like to hear these stories of guys kind of rejuvenating their careers,
especially after getting sent to the jungle and coming back up,
and he's just hot as a pistol right now it's great he's a local guy uh from the boston area played at the same high school i did
fair academy then he spent a year in the ushl goes to northeastern lights it up ends up winning the
hobie baker so you're like he's on the path here right like this kid has been a scorer everywhere
he's ever been been able to put the puck in the net get points
he's gets the nhl and like you know things are hard dude it's it's he he had a quote in the ottawa
paper i was reading like it's hard really hard to get in this league and it's it's even harder to
stay in the league and travis green had had him in vancouver when he originally came in and talk
about him now he's he said he's just a more mature player on the ice.
And he talked, Gaudet himself was mentioning,
like in the AHL, like learning,
like I'm going to have to be responsible defensively.
And I think the article also mentioned,
like a lot of guys in his shoes
after a couple of years in the AHL,
you're like, all right,
I'm going to go try to make a bunch of dough in the KHL,
go over to Europe.
But no, he was like, I'm going to get back to the NHL.
And he's worked his way back. I think he's playing on the fourth line too for Ottawa. And he had six
goals in five games. And it's something where you're looking at like, wow, he's got the offense.
So if you can get him to play sound defensively and be one of those four third line guys who can
score when he gets the chance, that would be a nice piece for Ottawa and they actually put him on waivers after camp so anyone could have grabbed
him and then somehow made the decision from the waiver wire till the opening night roster that he
was going to be playing and he's that dude that's grabbing the bull by the horns like that's taking
advantage of a second chance and so it's a cool story because he is a local guy. And Ottawa, yeah,
right now I'd rather be an Ottawa Senators fan
than a Boston Bruins fan.
I guess that kind of ends the...
There's other positive stories,
but in terms of this show right now,
it ends it.
I just think that there's a lot of...
There's a lot of energy
being wasted in Boston.
It goes back to the Swayman signing
and how that was
drawn out uh obviously marshawn dealing with the injuries to start the year like coming back from
all those surgeries uh him getting into to monty and then you know uh press kind of making that a
bigger issue than it needed to be now you got the benching of poster knock by monty the whole third
period the other night uh the fact that monty's waiting for
his contract and they haven't figured that out that's got to be looming and i'm sure
weighing on him he does seem a little bit more uh he seems like monty's always been a little bit
animated on the bench but he seems more animated this year where his frustrate you're seeing more
frustration on his face and like i just said like like showing more
of his emotion so i just think there's a lot of oxygen being taken out of the room from an overall
perspective from the boston bruins i i agree with you on that and i do want to say like i don't hate
at all a coach benching a star player um i think that at times it really wakes up the whole room
it can really wake up a player
because you're publicly embarrassing him and and you know being a proud like star like posh knock
it pisses you off now after kind of being called out before game seven or in the toronto series
last year now it's a second thing and so now it's like all right there's obviously something in
pasta's game that kind of drives Monty a little crazy at times.
And I think there are Bruins fans who say like the,
the,
the occasional turnover,
like blue line turnovers,
like things like that.
I think Monty had kind of seen enough.
Now you also got to mention it's two nothing Seattle,
right?
So if they're down Oh two and your job is kind of on the line right now,
you don't have a contract next year.
We're just going to ask you that.
You think if they miss playoffs, he's done?
I think he could be done this year if they don't really get going.
I think if they lost to the Flyers Saturday and the Kraken Sunday,
he could have been let go.
I think Elliot had a really important note, I think,
in 32 Thoughts today that said Don Sweeney wasn't on the trip this weekend.
So it kind of made it seem like he's not like code red, red flag.
Okay, maybe that's a ridiculous statement by me.
And I'm not saying I agree with it,
but I'm saying there's definitely signing Zdorov
and signing Lindholm,
which you can talk about on its own in another conversation.
There's pressure to win this year.
And I don't think they have a team that can do it.
But I don't think that the leash is super long.
They haven't signed him.
They haven't given him an extension.
If all of a sudden the Bruins are 7-11,
and this guy isn't even signed for next year and beyond.
You think they're going from winning the President's Trophy
to having the numbers they did last year
with losing their first two-line
center and then all of a sudden this league is uh well i understand but who else are you going to
replace him with i mean he's got to be a pretty good pretty well sought after coach i don't see
i think quinn quinnville's name has been it has been coming up a ton. Even from people I've talked to. With Bowman back in the league,
he's getting a job this season
if he wants one,
I think. I think you're
crazy if you fire your coach
right now and Joel Quenville would be
willing to come to your team if you don't hire him.
I think you're nuts. And I'm not saying
that the Bruins should get rid of Monte at all.
I actually think it would be like, holy fuck.
But you're also insinuating that
it's close, that if they would have lost
those two games. Yeah, but that's me guessing.
I mean, Elliot knows way more and he's saying
it's not, so I'm wrong.
Biz, one thing you always
say, I feel like too, is big guys
take longer to get going.
The Bruins have the biggest roster in the NHL.
The team goes as Brad
Marchand goes. He's coming off three surgeries.
He's 36 years old.
He's going to start a little slow.
I get the worry for the first 10 or so games of the season,
but I think the Bruins are going to.
I couldn't agree more.
And I think that as,
as we know early on,
they get all horny to call so many penalties,
takes the floor to the game.
All of a sudden,
all these high
flying young guys who came into camp they're trying to show their stuff even some of the
younger players in the league i feel like the pace of play will slow down after 20 games and and
listen boston's not the fastest team but they do play in structure they usually have pretty good
special teams and i think that and obviously they get good goaltending with swayman i think that they're going to figure things out and i think there's nowhere near to throw a panic
button out there and i think it's a little bit lunacy to say that you would pick ottawa over
boston making playoffs you're a fucking moron for that they should kick you out of boston for making
that comment they should kick you out of town how how is that like that crazy like it's it's a it's a high
scoring league like the senators have a goalie who's proven in the past he's a very good goalie
they have a couple defensemen that are great especially at moving the puck and they have
sick forwards they have a very skilled playoff since eric carlson what does that matter at some
point the bruins aren't going to make it, and Ottawa's going to make it.
I think the Bruins do get in.
But right now, if you're looking at roster construction, dude,
and you're looking at putting the puck in the net,
which the Bruins look like it's not easy right now,
I'm looking at Ottawa's forwards and saying,
that is a super talented forward group.
Now, mind you, Pasha's on the side here.
Address Pavel Kasperzaka. Zaka so obviously he's happy as a
pig and shit because Zaka's come out slow but Zaka's one of your top two centers and so is
Lindholm Lindholm is a nice player when Lindholm put up huge numbers he had two stars in Matthew
Kachuk and Johnny Goudreau like it's it's different. Yes, he has pasta. Is he even playing on his line right now?
And Lindholm's an awesome player.
Is he a true number one center?
No, I don't think he is.
So I don't think, like, saying the Bruins could end up struggling a little bit this year.
Is that crazy, man?
Like, Zdorov, very nice player.
I think Bruins fans, when they hear his name and see the signing,
they were like, oh, maybe I thought maybe a little bit more offense.
Now a big guy, so maybe he's come out a little bit slow.
But right now, while early in the season,
to say the Bruins are going to walk into the playoffs is kind of crazy.
The only reason I'd actually agree with you is because Swayman
and how good he is and how their defensive zone will figure itself out.
And I think McAvoy's had a little
bit of a slow start. You know he's going to end up
being the star player he is. But
all I'm saying is if you watch
the Bruins right now. Ottawa starts with 6-5 because
they got a few fancy forwards.
Witt's willing to throw his hometown city out of the bus.
It's a
little bit of an alarming start for the
Bruins. If you can't see that
and see the talent on Ottawa,
you're the idiot.
You are more negative towards the Winnipeg Jets
than you've been towards the Ottawa Senators,
and they're 6-5.
No, Ottawa's still kind of Jekyll and Hyde
and running around their own zone,
but I believe in scoring, and they can score.
That's true.
They're exciting to watch.
You know who can't score?
The Islanders. Oh, my God. score that's true they're exciting to watch you know who can't score the islanders oh my god
they got shut out four fucking times in their first 10 games and they lost anthony duclair
four to six matthew barzell four to six literally the only two players worth watching and giving my
time towards brock nelson brock, Bo Horvat. That's true.
But he won't be there
in a few weeks. They got to get rid of him and go
give him some life somewhere else. Brock Nelson
has been carrying that franchise for far
too long. Lou lets him, they
need to let him go eat. They need to
let him go win something because they ain't winning
shit with the New York Islanders.
I think, I regret that pick.
Picking them to make playoffs.
We got Lou and Patty Waugh at
war right now with and they
can't win a fucking hockey game that
we're going to we're going to throw the
rumor one on that the rumor boys one.
I'm like, I don't know if they're technically at
war. I we mentioned
a couple quotes last week that Patrick
was thought they're at war
like there's just I don't want to be at war
against Lou he's like the old gangster
guy I'll blow up your car
that's true yeah you don't want
not only not only is
Barzal and Duclair out
Adam Pellick's out
Romanoff's out on D
Mike Riley's out on D
that was kind of scary hit his head on the ice, I believe.
I don't know who that was against the other night.
But hey, have no fear.
Dobson is here.
Noah Dobson is going to be on your Team Canada blue line.
And yeah.
Yeah.
You got Noah Dobson making the Team Canada?
Yeah.
Not a chance.
Okay.
Well, you have Lowry and Tom Wilson.
So that's your two picks, and I'll take Dobson.
And I think the betting markets right now would put me at like a minus 900 favorite of being correct over your two picks.
Okay.
Well, he's been struggling to start the year.
To say the least.
To say the least. Their whole he's been struggling to start the year. To say the least. To say the least.
Their whole team has been.
Attendance issues, Biz.
We went to the arena, middle of nowhere.
I know I've brought this up.
Not great.
Not great.
Not nice to see a pretty new building and not many people going to the games
and a very aging team that now has big injury problems.
So Frankie Borelli is a sad man somewhere right now.
He's sitting in a room,
and he's probably close to tears
thinking about those two finals,
Eastern Conference finals trips they made.
And one of them could have had them playing the Canadians
in the Stanley Cup final.
I don't know if you have anything else
in the Islanders and Luby and Edward.
Actually, the Islanders getting mentioned
took my mood down a little bit. We should probably get it back up by sending it to hangel
pretty soon we can throw it right now over to brandon haggle really cool story uh we thought
he was from saskatoon he was born there has family there but grew up in alberta not drafted in the
dub not signed by the sabers in the nhl draft he'll go it, but he's turned out to be a star in the league,
and he's lighting it up for Tampa.
So right now we're going to go to Brandon Hagel.
What's up, guys?
It's Witt, and before we continue, we've got to talk about sport clips.
It can be very intimidating sometimes to get your hair cut,
and everyone knows what I'm talking about.
You're going in somewhere.
You're not exactly sure what you want or how to tell them what you want,
and then you walk out like you
lost a bet or got a free bowl of soup with the haircut so it's completely different at sport
clips you know you know what you're getting every single time you go in there and you know that your
stylist will be able to deliver a great haircut and now sport clip stylists have been specially
trained there's great news that they've been specially trained in the nuances of men's hair,
taking the worry out of getting a bad haircut.
I just said worry because that's how I say the word.
Some people say worry.
You got no worries with sport clips.
So whether you're going for the tight fade, a slick back mullet,
or just think that looking like Patrick Mahomes will make you a better quarterback,
sport clip stylists are here to do whatever you need to feel confident.
Nothing says confidence like a great haircut,
and nobody does great haircuts like Sport Clips.
It's a game changer.
We are now pleased to be joined by a man who's popped off in the National Hockey League
the last two seasons.
A Sasky boy, So Colby Armstrong.
And a former Red Deer Rebel.
Tampa Bay Lightning star forward Brandon Hagel.
Thanks for joining the show, buddy.
Thanks for having me, boys.
Where are you guys at now?
We're in St. Louis.
Go to St. Louis.
We've been on like, I think this is like nine day or I think St. Louis.
And then back home.
We play Philly on Thursday.
And then we have like a six day break.
Probably a good thing considering everything that was going down there,
like to start the year.
That was crazy with all those hurricanes.
And my understanding is,
is the organization was even nice enough to,
to fly all the families,
the dog,
the cats,
like everyone's pets all,
all the way up to,
to Carolina before you guys ended up playing your first game there. Right? it's been it was crazy to be honest i mean you drive around where
a lot of us live and it's like it hasn't happened like this in over 100 years like flooding like
that like houses are toast like anything that was on like sea level is done like beds and couches and
everything just on the side of the
road and then a week later another one's coming so like all this debris is like all over the place
but like you said the management was nice enough i know we did it a few years ago we went to
nashville but that was hilarious like everyone dogs cats whatever you got you're coming like
we had a great dane on the plane like i couldn't imagine what he was going through who brought cats on the plane i don't i don't know if anyone actually
brought their cat i think they i think they left or left it back they you'd have to leave it before
letting the team know you have a cat like that yeah yeah yeah basilevsky's like i'm the only
cat on this flight oh yeah he's flying underneath the plane
With his cats
And then we get on the plane and we gotta be there at like
2 o'clock and like the pilot comes on
And like we have all these dogs
Everyone's ready to go and it's like yeah
We're not leaving for another two and a half hours
Like the traffic and the air
Is just like sort of like
Like all these dogs are probably drugged out
Cause trying to get them to relax
Till we get to the, get to Carolina.
But yeah, it was, it was pretty absurd, but pretty crazy that, I mean, lucky enough for the lightning organization to do that.
Did you, have you purchased a house down there?
Are you a homeowner there?
Like, what's your deal now that you signed your big ticket?
Yeah.
Like I bought a house last year and it was finished built like September 16th
so a week later the hurricane came
come on just like yeah
it was brutal my entire
there was like 4 feet of water in my garage
both my cars are totaled
and I just got my car
too I ordered a car like
I waited like 8 months for it
and both of them totaled like I had
like not even a thousand miles on it what'd you go with? I had a Porsche months for it and both of them totaled. Like I had like not even a thousand miles on it.
What'd you go with?
I had a Porsche Cayenne GT and then post.
Just spending that dough right away.
Right.
You got that big ticket.
You're just letting it fly.
Yeah.
Any other,
any other expenditures,
like anything else you bought for it to treat yourself?
Well,
I saw you at Stampede.
I would imagine quite
a few uh charges yeah i treated myself very nicely i mean that was right around july 1st so
i'd go to the stampede treat my boys a little bit that's all man you were other than that no
pretty simple yeah that was the first time i actually got to meet you and uh it was a great
weekend had a blast with you now what brought up the fact that you're from Saskatoon.
What was it like growing up there?
I mean, you must have had a blast. Yeah, so I mean, I was like born in Saskatoon.
My entire family's from there still.
I think there's, my dad has three brothers, two sisters,
and there's only two of us back in Alberta.
And I'm the same with my mom's side.
They're all out in Saskatchewan too.
So I was there when I was only like one or two years old,
and then we moved to Moranville, Alberta,
and I lived there pretty well my entire childhood
until I went and played hockey in Red Deer.
Who was your squad growing up?
I was an Oilers fan, but I was like a novechkin fan as well so i i was kind of
like i like the oilers but i like the mexican i guess i mean you saw some tough oiler teams
some of those teams i was on it was horrific yeah yeah i i remember it all i remember it all
i was probably standing outside freezing my ass off and you drove right by me and didn't give me an auto.
Were you a seeker when you were younger?
I was a seeker.
After a match, for sure, I'm standing out there.
He's got his Oilers earmuffs on.
He's just like, hey, win.
I'm like, fuck off, kid.
I heard you booing me.
Yeah, you fucker. What about playing on the pond?
Was that a big thing for you growing up,
like all the outdoor stuff yeah yeah i mean we were on the outdoor outdoor rink pretty well
i mean every weekend every chance we kind of got that was kind of the thing i mean i grew up in a
town with like 5 000 people and we were like i don't know 20 minutes away from st albert like
40 40 minutes from edmonton so as a kid you't really leave. There was a skate park in the pond.
So in the summer, I'm ripping the skate park.
I'm ripping the pond.
So kind of how it was.
You had a skateboard.
You were doing all the tricks and everything.
You were one of those guys?
Yeah, I was into that when I was younger.
Did you have air walks?
I don't know.
I would just go to the skate park and do my thing, I guess.
I don't know.
I was kind of the thing, I guess, growing up.
Would you wear the Jenko jeans?
I used to wear the Jenko jeans,
the big wide bottom ones.
I used to look like a fucking loser.
If you wear the mega boot cuts.
Hey,
no,
I didn't take her that far.
I didn't take it that far.
Like that,
like the bottom of the jean covered my whole shoe.
Yeah.
You had the DCs on too,
right?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I used to,
what was the shop i used to go to
was it arley's the name of it it was a it was a skater shop i ended up working there when i was
playing pro to keep myself out of trouble too i was a west 49 type of guy i would go there
new skateboard a couple pairs of shoes exactly exactly well everything that like i i've kind
of read or seen like it seems like you were a late
bloomer like i don't know if right off the bat you were you were not one of the top players but
you were passed over in the whl draft is that true yeah yeah so yeah it's kind of a little bit weird
i mean when i was younger like the whl draft i think i was five to a hundred pounds maybe like
i was always tiny um i didn't really like i mean we went to
we had like the alberta cup thing and then everyone we ended up winning it there and
everyone on our team went to like top 80 and i think i was like the only one and maybe one other
guy that never went so i was never involved really in any of those things i never went in
the dub draft and i got like listed by saskatoon and i was like ah like i'll um i think
i'm gonna go to school um i had a good little setup in white court um not too far from home
so i went back to white court i played two games and and then uh red deer called and uh they were
hosting the mem cup that year and i was kind of just like that'd be pretty cool experience um it
was close to home too um so i went and checked it out practice for
a couple games and they offered me a contract and or whatever you want to call it and i ended up
staying there and i was kind of that was kind of it so when you guys win that alberta cup and like
these guys are getting picked was that were you rattled like it doesn't seem like you're a guy
who's uh maybe getting too down on himself but at that time you're like this sucks like why didn't i get picked or more just like i'm gonna keep doing my thing i think it was
a little bit frustrating but that was like the start of everything i think that's why as years
went on i cope with it a little bit more i mean i went down and after that one it sucked i'm a
little kid i mean all you think about is the whl and i watched that growing up by the oil kings
you know you go to a game as a kid and you're like,
there's no way I'll ever be able to do this.
Just type of things like that.
And when you have the opportunity, I never got drafted.
And then, I mean, as my career went on,
I think that's honestly the best thing that ever happened to me.
As my career went on, I went through so many more heartbreaks.
I mean, let alone getting drafted to Buffalo and the story goes on and stuff like that you so you played in the ajhl you said you
had a nice little school setup does that mean you were planning on maybe going to university
after playing in the ajhl like what did you mean by a good school setup yeah i think i wanted to
like the coach there at the time was he was really good for like scholarships and in the ncaa it was like
tons of guys were getting scholarships out of there and um i i got called up i think like a
couple times maybe when i played um triple a midget triple a at the time and um whatever
had a good relationship with him and i just kind of wanted to go over there i thought maybe ncaa
and get a i wasn't the smartest but I saw some guys getting some scholarships over there
that weren't the smartest either.
Hey, if you could put the puck in the back of that,
they'll help you on your SATs.
I don't know,
Pete Yandel couldn't get into college.
So he had to go put up 100 points in the queue
in order to get it.
Now, one thing that I don't understand
is why they do the WHL draft a year earlier than they do in the OHL and the Q.
Is that still a thing?
And obviously, you said that you were like 5'2", 100 pounds, soaking wet.
Like, that's probably a big reason as to why you hadn't hit your ghost bird yet is kids are getting drafted at what, 14 or 15 years old?
Yeah, I think it's like, yeah, I think it's 15 years old, maybe.
It could even be 14. I can't even remember. But yeah think it's like yeah i think it's 15 years old maybe it could even be 14
i can't even remember but yeah it's a young age i mean to be honest i think it's a little maybe a
little bit too young but uh it's kind of is what it is it's been going on for so long but i mean
like you said there's so many late bloomers especially a year can do a massive difference
and just being able to show your abilities and stuff like that how big of a
wake-up call was it when you got to red deer i mean you hear all these stories about brent sutter and
and how he you know he trains these kids to become eventually grown men and pros like was it a pretty
big wake-up call going there your first year yeah my first year was uh i mean everyone knows the
sutter brothers if if you're from that area and And with Brent, he was obviously intimidating at the start.
And I ended up growing a huge relationship with Brent.
And he was one of the best things.
I give him a ton of credit for my career.
I mean, he pushed me and he pushed a lot of these guys like they weren't all going to make the NHL.
He just wanted you to be able to be your best at your job,
because he knew
not everyone was going to go to that next level he pushed you to work and be the best version of
yourself because maybe hockey isn't the thing but uh he knows if you go to your job that you're
going to be he tried to put those put that style into you and um that's what he did for me and I
remember when I went to God drafted Buffalo and I never signed it was kind of one of those things again
I remember him being the
first one calling me and was like
don't worry about it he's like if you do everything
you can this summer then I'm going to do whatever
I can for you this summer and
he went out there and
found a setterman that
was able to play with me and I ended up having
a year and I think I signed like
15 games in or something. That's awesome So that's what's wild about what's army army's told us about
sutter we had him on the show very entertaining i didn't expect him to be as funny as he was but
army just said how loyal he was and he could mother fuck you and if you weren't playing he'd
let you know but you you did know he had your back huh yeah he was he was one of those guys that like him at the rank is like
he might be the like one of the nicest people out there like honestly outside the rank like
and then inside the rank i mean me and him had his we had our battles like but i knew he cared
about me and i knew those battles weren't like screw you kid like wake up like i knew he just
wanted the best out of me and he knew
he saw something in me and i could tell every time he had his back whether we went toe-to-toe
getting mad at each other yelling at each other which is what it is but um he was uh i give him
a ton of credit for for my career and helped me get to where i am today because he did push me to
that limit and i don't know there's no better coach than having a guy that has your back,
and you know that.
I didn't really play with Army that much
when I was in the Penguins organization,
because he was up and down at the time.
But my first real experience of playing with a guy long-term
was Boyd Gordon, who played with Brent Sutter.
And fuck, we would have beers,
and I'd just listen to him tell stories about the antics that he would...
Like the time where they were playing soft
and he came in between periods
and he threw a bunch of wood sticks in the middle of the room.
He took all their one pieces away
and they had to try to saw and tape their sticks in time
to get out for the period.
And by the time the period started,
they only had like half the team was out there playing
and the other guys were still trying to saw their sticks.
With Sherwoods?
Oh, with some shitty ass saw.
You know, the saws they give you on the road
yeah you might as well you might as well have to sandpaper the knob down that's yeah yeah no doubt
literally yeah yeah where the saw bends you know that's so weak it's like
yeah oh your stick comes out like this you're like god i don't do it fuck it were there any
like like crazy stories that you had like that where he ended up like
snap on the boys maybe it was a a bag skate returning from the road late night being like
put your gear back on anything um no there there was nothing nothing to that extent i know we
biked a couple times after games in her gear but like that was kind of just like my like i mean
that was just like that's just kind of how he was and he was old school and he was old like that was kind of just like my, like, I mean, that was just like,
that's just kind of how he was.
And he was old school on a result.
Like that's,
that's the way he was.
And it was funny.
I mean, I,
I enjoyed it sometimes.
I mean,
it was scary at times,
but,
uh,
I mean,
getting on your bike with the boys with your gear on and kind of is like one
of those things.
I remember one time we were playing a game.
We had like a rookie party that night and whatever brent's
like knows about it and it's like go time so we get it all set up before the game we order all
the alcohol to the billets house like everything's all set up and then but i remember brent saying
he's like if you guys play that bad like we can take this away like and and i'm like oh we go out
there we might have played the worst game of all time.
Like we got, so then he's like, it's off.
And then we're like, like, no way.
So we got it all set up.
Like everyone's invited.
Like, I don't know.
I don't know what to do.
So we're, we go up to our captain, um, race Johnson at a time where like, you gotta go
talk to him.
Like, you gotta tell him, like, we need to have this party. So we're like, we go upstairs. We like you gotta tell him like we need to have this party
so we're like we go upstairs we're like standing outside like outside of his office room we're like
like johnny goes in there hey brent like everyone in the room oh boy and he absolutely just shreds
us all we end up having the party but we got to be there at like 6 a.m oh and we are pushing nets down the ice crawling
across the ice like no sleep like just like i remember i got like my pinkies like i got a
stitches in my pinky the game before i'm crawling across the ice i'm like
just in the trenches down there and then whatever got out of it but how do you lay an egg knowing
that you have a party at night and then especially after he tells you guys you know we could take
this away like how the fuck do you let lay i don't know i mean i guess we just thinking about
the people we invited i guess i don't know well we had rookie party with the penguins in new york
city one night and we were playing the rangers at one o'clock so like you know right you expect to go balls to the wall and we lost eight one and that
song and then terrian just lined everyone up and he's like meeting it was one-on-one meetings
every guy on the team basically get the fuck out of here i remember a guy walked out early and he's
like at least i got to go first
see you boys because the i was one of the last few guys i was it was two hours after the game
ended dude i'm still waiting for my peepee whacking and i was minus four or something
oh no oh even worse but you can have tough games when you know rookie party's coming i think i
think hags is right you're just thinking about it yeah what does manhattan have in store for us yeah yeah um so you you brought up um you know whl draft and there'd be other
things you battled through and i guess you kind of mentioned it before in buffalo and they didn't
sign you and it must have been something where after sutter tells you i'm gonna find you a center
but like that that year that that you had
the next season was so dominant it was a 50 points more than the next teammate so that summer was how
driven were you training and skating to be like fuck that like fuck the Sabres I'm going to prove
them wrong yeah how much time at the skate park doing all these like the frustrating part was
like I remember Buffalo I mean the GMs did change so that may be a little bit into it
obviously and i know they still do it with some guys but um i remember them asked me to come down
in the summer and like we all know what buffalo's all about i'm a young kid i'm like the summer's
kind of my time to hang with family and friends especially as like a 17 year old you're just
finished your first year in the job and stuff like that.
So whatever,
I'm like,
no,
I'm going to go over to Buffalo.
I spent an entire summer there.
Um,
and I'm like my,
the only person there,
like as like a young guy,
basically it felt like at times.
And like,
it was,
it was tough for me mentally.
Like it wasn't easy,
but I wanted to,
I think that I thought that was the best.
You made the right decision.
You know,
our team asked you to come.
What are you going to say?
And then you get kind of slapped in the face.
Yeah, there's one thing getting drafted,
but the next thing signing that contract,
I think that's a big thing.
It doesn't matter where you get drafted.
You can be a first-rounder.
You see many of those guys not sign contracts.
So I go down there, spend some time there.
And then the next year,
I think I might have spent another month
after development camp or
something like that and then kind of the end of the year happens and and my first year getting
drafted I had a pretty good year I mean I I got drafted I think I had like 70 some points so I
had a decent year after the year I got drafted and the next year I I got hurt but I mean I had
a fine year I think and then they called me after the year and they're just said that they're not, my agent
called me and said they weren't going to sign me.
And I was just like, whatever, I guess.
I mean, what am I going to do?
I've been here before.
Like, so I just went home, did kind of the same thing.
But at the same time, I knew like I came into the season, um, as a 20 year old year, I had
a good summer and I was just kind of like well like I need to like have
another plan because this is my 20 year old year so I'm like I'll sign up for school like at
Christmas I'll get myself till Christmas if not I need to sign up for school because like I needed
like I wasn't the smartest guy in school so I needed to upgrade to actually find myself a good
job and something after
to go to school and figure something out.
You're thinking at one point,
like hockey,
I guess hockey could be done.
Like it just happened so quick.
Right.
And now it's going through your mind.
Yeah.
That was,
that was the tough part.
I think that was the hardest part because I didn't want it to be done.
I knew it was my 20 year old year.
I love hockey,
but at the same time,
it's the reality of life.
Like sometimes hockey isn't going to be forever. So I signed up for school. 20 year old year i love hockey but at the same time it's the reality of life like sometimes
hockey isn't gonna be forever so i signed up for school um and then ended up signing like
10 15 games in i think with chicago i remember uh i can't remember who it was came down um to
red deer to watch me and i'm like oh just another person talking me saying they're interested whatever
and then it was like seven
games in the season then stan bowman was there and i was like oh maybe they are serious and then the
next day he's like he offered me a contract and then i was just like sure at that time did you
get the max like because the max deals were yeah i was maxed everything so oh that's unreal yeah
and and at the time in buffalo was there a change in management
like what yeah uh tim murray was there when i got drafted and i can't remember
botterill yeah botterill was the next guy there so that's the thing it wasn't maybe not his his
draft pick so they wanted to move on bringing their own guys which is kind of the kick in the
dick for you but all things worked out for a reason now when you ended up going and turning pro and going to rockford what was your
experience like there i mean you the first year i noticed that you didn't really play much but
the next year you basically had almost a full season there right yeah well i only i played
um one year in rock or just the covid year like i played um i went to rockford played i remember at
the start of the year we had a lot of young guys too and like overwhelmed with players and we needed
guys in and out of the lineup so when i got there i remember the coach pulling us in and just kind
of like hey like this is the reality of the situation tons of young guys we're gonna be
just swapping guys around no matter how you play kind of no matter how you play like it was just kind of that situation like oh boy one of these
years like so that i play game one i think the next game is my turn to come out i come out and
then after that i never came out i ended up scoring like 20 goals and then um covid and then i got
called up and then i played against san j Jose my first um my first NHL game
that season and the next day COVID hit so the season shut down oh and then I went over to
Switzerland um that summer or winter during COVID until the season started when you went
wait you went over to Switzerland like like because after the bubble the next year
yeah after the bubble when that summer where we didn't start till when i don't know
january mid-year it was different what was that because i remember watching the cup final it was
like wasn't it august yeah something like that and then we never went played again till jan
january or something camp was like january
2nd so i was like i was sitting at home and obviously couldn't go anywhere and my asian was
like two weeks wear a mask stop the spread remember two weeks stop spread yeah yeah yeah so
yeah standard so you're an idiot well how was switzerland it was good i mean i i went over
there i played in the second league i did i had fun i knew i had
to like i was just so bored at home i was like you want to go play he's like it's in the second
league i'm like sure i'm like might as well get get out of here so i just went over there
played for like a month and a half came back and then uh i was on the taxi squad and then for two
games and then i went in for the third game i think against florida and i've never been
never been out since as a big like you know nhL fan growing up but you come into that room and how you've
gotten to the NHL so interesting and then Patrick Kane sitting there like had to be one of your kind
of idols growing up was it was it cool getting to know him play with him what kind of guy was he to
you and all that yeah he's uh I still text him to this day i mess with him all the time but uh
him taser all those guys are incredible i kind of take my time but once i get out of my comfort
zone i'm out of my comfort zone and i just let it rip from there but uh he's um yeah he's obviously
an idol and one of those guys and then obviously being able to play with him for a lot of the
season and him being a part of why I was on PP1.
I know that for a fact and stuff like that.
He was always good to me.
Taser was incredible, obviously, as well.
Just the chance to play with those guys and then obviously getting traded,
it's good to play with some more superstars.
So Kane had gone into the coach and been like,
I want him on the power play with us
yeah I did yeah I remember him uh I'm saying that at one point yeah it was it was a pretty
cool moment I think that's that you appreciate that the most I think especially with guys that
want you out there whether it was for me to probably get the puck back up other than that
not too much but um I knew that was my job so i knew if i could get the puck back and get it
to him i'm gonna get a little bit more ice time another guy like because you're not with chicago
obviously now and it it's looking like a kind of coon it's for whitney trade um a horrible one the
blackhawks made and then dylan strome's not there either and he's playing phenomenal in washington
like when you were there with him we were like holy shit like almost surprised that he wasn't lighting it up there as he is now yeah a little bit obviously stromer he's uh he's one of those
guys that has the potential he has so much skill his vision um i mean we all know what he has but
yeah it was a little little surprising um i know he struggled a little bit in a sense of like maybe
he was playing with kaner and then when he wasn't it was it was
tough for him and maybe it was his confidence a little bit but I knew Stromer was always going
to find his way and maybe it wasn't in Chicago and if you look at that Chicago team now you bring all
those players back we're probably one heck of a team I think you got Kaner to brink at Stromer
myself you can go down the line we're probably a pretty good hockey team um it just
didn't work out at that time and chicago maybe have been in that time new gm wanted to start
over and start his own franchise and you can respect that and um but lucky enough stromer's
lighting it up over there and i'm happy for him he found his way and he found a found a team he
he can he really fits in i think it was inevitable they
were heading for a rebuild and like you said they probably just wanted like a clean slate and
ended up getting rid of guys for for cents on the dollar and you find your way in tampa bay and they
were notorious for making great moves with guys who were still under very fair deals i think you
were making a million and a half at a time so when you end up getting moved over to tampa bay and you
talk about going from one locker room with legends to to another locker room with current legends like
Stam or Kucherov, Vazzy like even Cooper as a head coach like at first like is it a little
overwhelming are you a little nervous going into a locker room right now and and how did you get
acclimated right away yeah I think the I mean like i said i never really went to all these like
hockey canada or like all those things growing up so i never really was like out there and hockey's
a pretty small world usually like you get traded to a team you probably know one guy i didn't know
a single soul like i didn't know one guy never talked to one guy i knew the guy that they also
traded for like two days later Paulie
and I just met him at world championships for the first time so yeah I was intimidating especially
they're coming off back-to-back cups I mean you don't want to step on anyone's toes you don't
like these guys are these guys got it going on whatever they got going on you just got to try and
put one foot in front of the other and try and follow along and um those guys were
incredible at it and i look back at that team and i couldn't imagine i got to meet some of the other
guys that were on the winning teams as well but like they had it was incredible that locker room
i mean the the guys in that room and the culture in that room and like just the guys were incredible
and you could just tell like walking in that room and how close everyone was
and team parties were having
and just absurd.
And it was inevitable
that they were winning two cups
and going for a third.
When you got to the finals,
it was evident, right?
Like two in a row
and then you guys were gassed
and Colorado was so ready.
It would have been such a sick series
had Tampa not won the previous one or two just based on energy.
But it must have been tough to kind of get into that series and just see like, fuck, we almost have nothing left in the tank right now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was.
Obviously, you're not thinking that way.
But at the end, you look back.
It's like, dude, it wasn't the same.
Yeah. thinking that way but at the end you look back it's like dude it wasn't it wasn't the same yeah
like you have those guys especially the short seasons with the like their breaks were like i
don't even know if they had like more than a month at some points like they're probably all staying
in tampa never really got that time and then you lose pointer in the first round like that guy was
unstoppable in the in the playoffs he's like scored so many big goals so
you always put that back in your head if you have pointer that's just just another he's a superstar
in this league he's a 50 goal scorer he's like this guy's gonna go down as one of the best
canadian players to play the game and you don't have them in your lineup and we're still able to
do that it's um it was pretty impressive to be honest especially the one round that sticks out to me is going down to nothing to to the rangers and um being able to
come back and win four straight after these guys just went through two cups long like exhausted
like we could have kicked the bucket right there and said what a run you know but um the gamers
they had on the team is it was was incredible is it true um
this could be but like i've heard point is the most old school like guy like somebody said he
had like a flip phone or something like i don't know what to believe or not but is he is he a
simple man i heard he only drinks bourbon or something is as simple as it gets like just give him a rum and coke and a and and some
crocs and he'll he'll be just fine i mean this guy's he's one of the best guys i know i mean
you have a couple drinks with him like he's uh he's one of a kind but like you said he's as simple
as it gets he's um just shows up like he scroll on Twitter and all this shit, right? No, no.
I don't even know if he,
I don't think he has any of it, to be honest.
What's he into?
Like, is he a hunter?
Like, you say simple.
That's why they're such good buddies.
That's a good question, to be honest.
He's like, I don't know what,
he just loves his family.
He's a huge family guy.
You can respect that as much as you want,
but yeah, he's just simple he
does it does it old school i guess like shows up does a job and does it incredibly i mean that's
what's cooch like he's uh he's good it's it it's honestly comedy that uh some of the like just
what you see on the internet and stuff but he's
Kooch is an incredible guy especially if you're close with him
and stuff like that he's not
what the internet portrays him to be
but what does the internet portray him to be
other than a lethal assassin
after the all star game and stuff
like that like just always
grumpy like he's
not always grumpy at all actually
but it's just funny how they portray it but yeah he's like he's not always grumpy at all actually but it's just a it's just
funny how they portray it but yeah he's he's a great guy and he'll hang with the boys and have
a couple drinks with the boys for sure too who were you playing the other night where he just
took it end to end and threw that behind the back no look dish this guy is so insane to watch
he's the silkiest like but he plays like a bastard, too.
He's got the mean streak, but that assist, I mean, I guess you see it in practice.
It's just like, not shocking to me.
Yeah, he's one guy that is just like, it's incredible.
I mean, especially that pass, but him and like, I skated with him a little bit in the
summer when I came back, and it's just repetition after repetition I mean it's it's incredible and the craziest thing to me is
he's a guy that was like laying on the fourth line like when he first came in the league like
well maybe if there's no injury he might not get an opportunity like that was the situation he is and to turn in to be one of the if not the best
player in the nhl and like is incredible to me like you see all these guys obviously first
overall picks like what do you expect a lot but him like maybe on his way out if maybe there isn't
an injury or maybe not an opportunity he comes in he's the best like
putting up 144 points is like incredible you said uh practice repetitions what do you mean by that
like he's just doing these like skill drills over and over to to master all this stuff yeah it's
kind of like even like when we go out like when i skate him with the summer we'd skate whatever
five times a week for two hours i bet you we did that five times a week.
We probably did the same drills pretty much all week.
He's just into mastering it.
What type of drills we talking here?
Are you allowed to say?
I noticed that he's one of the best guys at pulling pucks off the wall.
If it gets rimmed around, it'll go from his backhand to his forehand.
He's ready to make a play before you can even react. the wall like if it gets rimmed around it's like it'll go from his backhand to his forehand he's
ready to make a play before you could even react yeah i mean that's definitely one you do
regularly like every every single day picking pucks off the wall that's definitely but i mean
that's a huge i think that's one of the most important skills i mean if you watch cooch and
what he does and the like picking those pucks off of the wall i mean you may have seen it like
the backhand cross seam to stammer backdoor off of the wall is like absurd like it looks so easy
too but it's so hard it's so hard then he slows the game down and makes it look so so easy it's
like like i'm just like when i watch it i'm like and everyone's like oh he didn't mean i'm like no he meant to do that like that's just like he does it all the time i don't know if um
if coop is currently the longest tenured head coach or at least obviously one of them like it's
so hard year over year to come in and like have like a new message to get the guys fired up i
don't know exactly what the expectations were on the outside coming in this season for you guys
with no stamp codes.
I think a lot of people were uncertain.
What's his message like in camp?
What does he say to the guys to get you guys fired up again?
Because obviously early on it's worked
and you guys have been off to a great start
considering all the moves you guys made.
Yeah, I think this year's in camp,
it's a little bit
of was it is like it's not the same anymore um i think that was the message like we need to build
something new here not not necessarily the culture because i think tampa has that culture that coop
brings in and especially with heady still being here and all that i mean the culture they had
got them stanley cops so that's not going to change but just a little bit of maybe the scenery
what the dressing room looks like what other things look like maybe switch something like
that up or something like that just just a change of everything um because it's not the same anymore
it's different um we need to as a team in here but this year was exciting obviously losing stammer i
mean it's a business um like there's not much i can say on that that's not
that's not my decision but you don't go into breeze boss office say fuck you for trading my
buddy the fuck you doing yeah yeah exactly but he's like you took some of the money bitch yeah
yeah exactly oh well that case have a good day how about um i i like i like i like watching you
guys play it's like a fun team.
And I mentioned Kucherov,
but they trade Sergeyev,
JJ Moser,
second round pick.
And then this mutant geeky,
this guy,
is that a tinted visor?
I think maybe a white neck guard,
like this mutant out there,
but I like his game.
I like how he plays.
It looks like he's,
uh,
he's got some meanness to him,
but pretty skilled overall.
Yeah. He's a, he's, he's going to be one heck of a player. I mean, he's a nice, like you's uh he's got some meanness to him but pretty skilled overall yeah he's he's he's gonna be one heck of a player i mean he's a nice like you said he's a mutant
he's massive like he's like he's humongous tinted visor this guy's shin pads are longer than my leg
man like this guy's he's gonna be a heck of a player i mean um obviously he's up playing with
me and tony right now and um he's doing some special things and even the kid just wants to learn.
And that's all you can appreciate.
And he's,
I mean,
he's doing some sick things out there too.
We were talking to an ex teammate of yours and he said,
Oh,
you got to ask him about when we almost dummied somebody on the golf course.
So I don't know.
I don't know where this goes.
It was,
who was it? It was, it was entwistle he told pasha oh my god ask him about the time we almost scrapped the guy on the
golf course in the minors oh i mean this wasn't me but it was this was actually kind of wild story
but i was there but we we hit our golf ball and we're playing like like t's like like the golf course is as
tight as it gets so like one's this way two's this way three's that way blah blah blah and uh
we hit our balls and then um i guess it may be one slice to was rolled up to this guy it was
kind of minor this guy tees one up and fires it at us like right across from us
could have killed someone
so at the time I think it was Tomkins
he walks over there we all just walk over
there I mean I'm just like a little guy I'm not doing
anything but Tom is like
snapping like that's not okay and I'm like yeah
that's not okay so I'm
heel toe over there too
I'm like I got a couple
boys by me so I'm going to.
This guy was just
panicking. He pulled out
his club. I think he might have
swiped at someone.
I'm like, alright, I'm going to go look for him at ball.
Taylor made four over there.
This should have been on
what is that Instagram account?
Golf Gods or something?
The other day I saw a guy just baseball bat someone in the head with his driver.
No.
Yeah, dude.
Yes.
Yeah.
There's some pretty absurd things on there too.
And any other funny stories from guys on the team?
Like Vasilevsky seems like an interesting guy.
Obviously last year didn't go as planned,
but he looks fully healthy, ready to go.
Kick him like he has been in the past.
Yeah, Vassie's Vassie.
I mean, he's always dialed in on game days.
He's focused.
I mean, with Vassie behind you, you always got a chance,
and that's what this team believes,
and that's why we continue to go for it every single year.
I love it.
Well, dude, thank you so much for joining it's been it's been
cool to watch uh the player you've turned into man and congrats on that contract life-changing
money and you deserve it it's been a long long road so good luck the rest of the way and we
appreciate it now we know we play you play golf sandbagger action we're just trying to line these
up i'm in i'm in love I'm in. I'm in. Love it. All right, boys.
Before we go any farther,
I got to talk to you about DraftKings.
The quest for the Stanley Cup has begun.
The puck has dropped in the 24-25 season,
and you can get in on all the action at DraftKings Sportsbook,
an official sports betting partner of the NHL.
It's super easy for first-timers to get started.
Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win.
Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app,
select your team, and place your first bet.
And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up right now.
This is important.
New customers bet 5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly.
Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now
and use code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That is code CHICKLETS for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets when you bet just 5.
Only at DraftKings. The crown is yours.
Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
In New York, call 877-8-HOPE-N-Y or text HOPE-N-Y-467-369.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 and over, age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co slash ice.
Thank you very much to Brandon Hagel.
Have a hell of a start,
hell of a start to the season.
We'll see what this entire year
has in store for the Lightning
fun team to watch.
But Biz, over in Finland,
there was two very special games
for a lot of Finnish guys
that were on the Florida Panthers
and the Dallas Stars.
Florida owned Dallas over there.
I mean, two big wins.
The potential Stanley Cup Finals.
I agree with you on that.
I agree.
The way the Panthers look, it's like, oh, my God.
I think we talked about them last week, but they're just doing this again.
I don't know if I had any clue how good Sam Reinhart was.
It's even like last year, you know he's unreal,
game-winning Gold Cup final, 58 goals, 57 goals.
But to see him continue to just do this again this year,
it's been incredible to watch.
And I know you know him pretty well,
but did you ever see this much of an offensive power out of his game?
Yeah, I thought he was pretty well-rounded in Buffalo.
I think being surrounded with better players has helped him develop.
I also think that Paul Maurice has obviously had a lot of confidence in him.
I think he complimented him last year saying he's the second smartest hockey player he's ever coached.
And this is with a guy that that has barkov on his team for
fuck's sakes it wasn't first i thought that he said ron francis was the smartest that that was
my interpretation from it or a put them in the same category high praise for sammy reinhardt
obviously he's got the lineage right his old man played i think over 700 games in the nhl
his brother was also a first round draft pick.
So he's just been hockey, hockey, hockey his whole life.
But I think that his goal scoring and his offensive abilities have probably overshadowed
how good he is defensively and responsible as far as a 200 foot game.
And he could take punishment.
Normally not the guy delivering bone crunching hits, but just so good along the wall and
taking punishment
and making the necessary plays.
Last year, I talked about it when Daryl Belfry did the breakdown
of how good he is coming out of that left corner as a right shot
and making those plays and dipping around guys
and creating separation one-on-one.
Even this year when Barkov went down,
his point
production really didn't get phased that much so you know some people might have said oh yeah well
look who he's playing with but I don't think it matters man he's just continued to evolve um you
know took kind of being shunned out of Buffalo I remember media was getting hard at him I remember
that riff he got into one of the reporters about a back check,
and things just kind of got to a place
where he needed a new change of scenery.
And ever since getting to Florida, man,
it's been heaven sent at the way that he's been able to play
and really the way that he's fit in with that organization.
So all the way to going over to Finland
and getting the golden bucket.
The golden bucket.
So the golden bucket was put in Barkov's stall, and he said, no, Reinhardt should have it
right now.
We need Merles.
Merles will correct us on this week's game notes.
Check them out Friday.
I thought Switzerland is the league where I believe you wear a gold helmet or a different
helmet if you're the leading scorer of the team.
It's either theorer of the team like it's either the
league or the team in finland as far as i know the gold helmet is given to the mvp of the league at
the end of the season so my understanding is in finland is the leading scorer of the whole entire
league where's the gold helmet where like you're saying in switzerland it's just the individual on
the team who's leading the team. And also in Finland,
the golden bucket is sponsored by a gambling company.
It's kind of like a monopoly.
I think it's like the only gambling company or operation in all of Finland
that everybody has to go through.
But the person who has the gold bucket the longest over the course of the
entire season gets paid out a 10k bonus from
the gambling company so that's kind of a nice little yeah a nice little treat for the the top
scorer who sustained it for the longest period of time so that's kind of the way that they operate
overseas where i think that there are different leagues who do the golden bucket thing where
those are just the discrepancies in which and how they end up rolling them out. So a pretty cool thing.
Yeah, it's really cool.
Maybe in Switzerland, it is the leading scorer of the league is the one wearing a special helmet.
I don't know why I'm thinking it has flames on it or something.
Gee, look this up.
Could have just created this in my mind.
Yeah, it's an Ed Hardy helmet.
Ed Hardy.
What was the other one?
Affliction. Yeah, affliction affliction yeah affliction bucky um i actually figured we would it reminds me like talking about the golden bucket the only other time we've ever
said the term golden bucket was when you were showing me pictures on uriah and you said look
at this girl she's got a gold the golden bucket now it's like back to real hockey so i kind of
forgot about that over in Finland.
And you saying that reminded me,
I've heard him say golden bucket before.
No, no, no, you're thinking of a golden shower.
You're thinking of a golden shower.
Well, what was cool about this series though was
it kind of goes back to talking to the older European guys.
Like Sandin said this and Holik,
and they never got to watch NHL games.
They never got to see what was going
on. And it's changed so much now with the internet and all these kids. And even when I was playing
over in Russia, we'd watch the highlights of every NHL game the morning of practice that had
happened the night prior. And so it's just kids dream all over the world that are playing hockey,
playing in the NHL now. So these kids in Helsinki and all over Finland have looked at Barkov and just he's
been their idol. I mean, I'm guessing and there's a bunch of great Finnish players, but Barkov
raising the cup last year and how good he is on both sides of the puck, which you know, Finns take
pride in. He comes over there and he gets a goal and three assists in the first game on Friday and
they win six to four. It's like talk about a dream. And I remember coming back and playing the Bruins,
and no matter what team I was on, it was the best.
You had family and friends in the building,
and I had played college games there.
I'd grown up going to games.
It's like I'm playing in an NHL game in my hometown, home city.
And for a European to get to go home and do it
and then light it up the way he did in the first game,
like that, the night out that they must have had
after the game Saturday.
Oh, man.
I mean.
Kind of goes back to last year when Nylander did it in Sweden.
Yes.
I think he had the OT winner over there.
Yes.
I would imagine, yeah,
I imagine he had a couple golden showers after that one.
I think with the two teams with,
there was what, seven total players from Finland.
I got the list here.
Haskinen, Lundell, Barkov, Hintz, Mikkola, Lundell.
So we got a Lundell and a Lindell.
And then Itu Listerainen.
So those were all the players that were born in Finland
that got to go back home and play.
And the Panthers, like with Lundell and Listerainen,
it's just like the fact they have those two guys, finland that got to go back home and play and the panthers like with lundell and luster ryan and
it's just like they the fact they have those two guys like they're just so deep up front i'm talking
about forwards on ottawa the forwards on florida it's it's fucking it's it's insane like and then
they get evan rodriguez who's just nasty there it's just an it's a great great team and i think
to to see them in the finals would not shock one person.
I just like how they sent over two good teams rather than sending over.
I think it was the Finnish president or prime minister,
not sure what they have over there.
He said it was one of the best experiences that they've had in the country
in a long time.
You can get the exact quote from G.
He was talking about it on the the outline call but
uh just all in all a good representation from the league going over there and making a splash
he called it their super bowl biz oh fuck you good dell it's ours now
should have played it on a sunday should have played yeah that's what they should have done
should have played it on sunday was come oh speaking of uh depth
depth and forwards how about the list of of the forward group for the colorado avalanche that are
banged up right now i don't know if i ever remember seeing this many in on one team like i
is it six of their top nine forwards are out injured yeah Yeah. I mean, the, the, the luck.
I mean,
you saw the other night,
um,
it was Ivan,
Ivan and that Nikolai Kovalenko both playing,
I think on the first line or one was on the first one was on the second.
Like they've played like 30 games combined,
I think in their career.
And they're forced right now.
If you go through the list,
Landis,
God,
obviously Natchushkin, obviously, Miles Woods hurt,
Tucker Pullman's hurt, Jonathan Drouin's hurt,
Ross Colton goes out, Arturi Lekkonen's day-to-day.
The Ross Colton one sucked because what a start he had.
Yeah, he gets bumped up to that top line.
He had great chemistry, probably a guy who's never really
gotten to play at that situation in the NHL,
and then boom, he goes down.
So they got to get out the voodoo doll
or they got to get some type of exorcism in that locker room
to rid them of the bad luck.
Because that is just a catastrophic start to the season
with all the injuries that have mounted.
But they did get good news that Valeriy Nechushkin is not only skating,
but he's anticipated to be in the lineup on
november 15th so talk about a huge boost to their power play their goal scoring uh the sheer size
and physicality that he brings so that to me uh with that net front presence is just a huge boost
to take a little bit of pressure off the rest of those guys uh playing through uh through what they got going on right now last chance saloon um and you really root for the guy don't
know him never met him but you just hope you can figure out you know what what's what's been going
on in your life and put a rain on it because if something happens again i don't think you ever
see him play in the nhl so you you're rooting for that storyline to come through
and him be that dominant player everyone's seen him be
and be good off the ice.
And I think the bright side for the Avalanche
is what Kael McCarr is doing right now is incredible.
He's the first defenseman since Bobby Orr,
and I believe they're the only two to ever lead the league
in scoring in November.
Right now he's tied for the lead with
Kaprizov, but I think 100 points is very, very realistic. I mean, at this point,
just to get off to the start the way he has and to just know how many opportunities he's going to
have on power plays, it's crazy to think that he could get 110 points. I mean, thank God McKinnon,
to think that he could get 110 points.
I mean, thank God McKinnon, Rontanen, and him are healthy because if you lose one of those guys,
you're like, now we're really fucked.
So they got to try to just stay with their heads
barely above water till they get everyone back.
And then you could see him possibly go on a run.
Ultimate superstar.
I want to say four games into the season,
they ended up getting shelled and he had a tough night. And he said said i think this team would have been better off without me in the lineup well
that's never to be said again about kael mccarr and what he does for the colorado avalanche like
off off of that and that accountability having the stretch of games and he's had in the production
and we're talking about a guy here who if he gets to 100 points like he's still one of the better
defenders in the league too the way that he calls on guys stick on pock to 100 points like he's still one of the better defenders in the league
too the way that he goes on guys stick on pock he cycle bus like there's nothing defensively that
he's not doing that the top guys defensively are doing either so it's uh it's remarkable uh
generational talent and as you said if there's one team that could battle through this and and and
keep their team afloat to get themselves in a playoff spot. It's with the help of that three-headed monster that you just mentioned.
So I don't know what else you had listed on that outline there, Woody.
Well, we were just, you know, Colorado's battling injuries.
A couple other injury tidbit news, brutal news for the Blues.
Broberg gets hurt.
They said four to six weeks, but the guy had started the season on fire.
He's playing over 20 minutes.
He's skating, looking like that player we saw in the cup final,
and boom, gets hit with the injury.
So that sucks, and you hope he's able to come back quick.
And then for my Oilers, McDavid went down right after we recorded.
Very, very scary.
It didn't look bad in Columbus, but you could tell, like,
something, the ankle went into the boards. They said to three weeks and i think right before i think right at around two and a
half weeks it would bend the leafs on saturday november 16th hockey night in canada hockey night
in canada well guess what buddy guess what he'll be back then because he skated today yeah i saw
that he's fast and he's ready and he's already talking about vancouver
saturday night november 9th this upcoming saturday so to even think about him being back that early
i guess that would be just about two weeks maybe a day over two weeks now edmonton have won the two
games without him leon he's doing that that Leon thing where McDavid's out.
He just completely dominates.
And many people reminded me on Twitter,
and I got to live through it,
Evgeny Malkin in Pittsburgh when Crosby was injured.
And his entire career when Sid's been out,
Geno elevates.
And part of that is, and they're very similar.
Like, you know, I know they don't have the Stanley Cups,
but McDavid and Crosby and Dreisaitl and Malkin,
it kind of goes hand in hand where Hyman talked about how many teams are lucky enough to have
a guy like McDavid go down and you have another top five player in the NHL to step up.
And I think these guys, they thrive on it.
All right, it's my time.
My turn doesn't sound right.
It's more like, no, no, no, I got to pick this team up.
There's no delegating.
It's I'm the horse
i gotta take over there's no one else to look at other than myself in the mirror let's fucking put
the big boy pants on and let's go baby and i i couldn't agree more with that comparison every
time crosby went down malcolm would find a way to elevate his game uh you know sid said it after the
game uh when they when they both set those milestones
he said every every time i don't i think that this guy might not have another gear he finds one
and uh we're seeing we're seeing dry sidle and dry sidle mode right now he's bending those knees a
little bit now isn't he witty boy yeah a big guy that takes a little longer according to you and
g to get going hi you don't agree with that philosophy or do you? I don't agree with it
because of what these guys are doing in the summer
or maybe it happens,
but I don't know why it would happen
because these guys are coming into camp
in the best shape of their lives
and to get going in games as a bigger guy,
are you saying just physically?
I think that the overall game slows down a little bit more where
like a little bit less is called so there is a little bit more of that hooking and and clawing
and grabbing and setting these little picks that are not really less penalties are called at the
beginning of the year no moving towards towards like the middle and end okay and i just think
overall like from the fatigue of the season like the wheels
that some of these guys have they slow down a little bit and they come back down to reality
that's my theory maybe there's some analytics on on how they track these guys speed throughout the
course of the season where i get backed up on that maybe other people who are listening think
i'm a fucking moron like gary could be looking into this for you now. He is going to. He's going to.
That's my guy.
Well, Edmonton, Hyman's going now.
And this part, Colson's solid.
And I think Canucks fans were always, and I get it, disappointed, like top high pick
in the first round.
You never got that offense out of him.
But the Oilers got him for a fourth rounder.
And if he's serviceable and he had a good fight this season already,
that's like,
that's a nice move.
That's a night.
You don't need them to be taught the 10th overall pick that the Canucks
needed.
You just need them to be a solid third,
maybe second line,
possibly fourth line guy.
And for a fourth round pick,
that looks nice right now.
So things are coming together for Edmonton.
Just as I said,
they would,
you better hope my theory is right
because they lost all their speed and youth
in this offseason,
and now they're all old and moldy.
I think Arvidson's pretty quick.
I think Skinner is great.
I don't think Skinner's lack of speed
is an issue or anything.
I think McDavid's still the fastest player in the world.
I think that they're going to get Kane back healthy.
I think that this team is exactly where they need to be
and I have no worries. And to see
McDavid go down while I almost had a heart
attack, to then see two to three weeks and
already see him skating today in
the pregame skate. He's getting the blood
spinning down. He's getting the placenta.
I was thinking that. He's got the placenta
being injected into his ankle.
He's fine. He's got
all the world-class doctors on his side. Placenta being injected into his ankle. He's fine. He's got all the world-class doctors on his side.
Placenta in the ankle.
The blood spinning.
Well, I guess we can now throw it over to a former Edmonton Oilers legend, Kevin Lowe.
A guy who played forever there and won six Stanley Cups.
Five in Edmonton and one in New York.
So we want to thank him.
This is back from June.
But Kevin Lowe, right now.
Before we go any further, guys, I need to tell you about Jack Pocket. If you're feeling lucky,
if you're feeling lucky right now, you need to get involved with Jack Pocket,
America's number one lottery app. With Jack Pocket, you can order Powerball and Mega Millions
tickets right to your phone. They even have official state lottery games.
Every day, there are millions up for grabs right on your phone.
New customers can get a free lottery ticket using code PUCK.
That's code PUCK for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket.
Don't wait.
Download Jackpocket now for your chance to win big.
Good luck.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
New York, call 877-8-HOPE-NY or text HOPE-NY.
18 or older, 19 plus in Nebraska, 21 plus in Arizona.
Void where prohibited.
Promo code required for 2 non-withdrawable credit.
Prize amount may differ at time of drawings.
Terms jackpocket.com slash TOS slash free dash ticket dash promo slash.
Okay, it's time for our next guest.
This defenseman was taken 21st overall by the Oilers at the 1979 draft.
He spent his first 13 NHL seasons here at Edmonton winning five Stanley Cups.
His next four seasons were at the Rangers where he added a sixth Stanley Cup,
the franchise's first in 54 years.
He returned to Edmonton to finish off his 19-season, 1468-game NHL career and was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2020.
It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Kevin Lowe. How's it going, Kev?
It's going great. Great to be here. I'm wondering how come it took you guys so long to have me on here. I think that we just had to get up to Edmonton.
We needed to be in person.
It's that much better in person.
But also the other things Ari didn't include,
most playoff and regular season games combined in the history of the Oilers
and the Oilers' first draft pick ever.
Is that true?
Wild.
So you're an Oilers lifer.
Ended up playing, becoming GM,
and it's just been amazing for you to probably see the growth in the city
and the team over the years. It sure has. You know, when I came here in 79, Edmonton was
400,000 people. You know, it's a million two now, triple the size. And I didn't even expect I was
going to make the team. I was three days into training camp and a guy by the name of Wayne
Gretzky skated up beside me and said,
hey, how about you and I get in a place together?
Which today you'd think is kind of weird, but I said, well, I don't even know if I'm
going to make the team.
He said, oh, don't worry, you're going to make the team.
And you know, the rest is kind of history.
You know, I mean, you guys know how matter of fact Wayne is.
Not that it gave me any additional confidence,
but it sure was a good pat on the back for a player coming to his first training camp.
Had you heard all about him?
I think, what are you, a couple years older, maybe one or two,
but you had heard about him even when you were younger in your teens?
Absolutely, yeah.
I mean, he's, I think, 18 months younger than I am.
And so I think when he was 12 years old, 11 years old,
there was a massive story on him across the country in one of the major magazines and stuff,
and seeing that, it was hard to believe that,
who is this kid, right?
And then I played junior in Quebec City with the Ramparts,
and Wayne was playing in the World Hockey Association for the Order.
So I saw a lot.
I saw him play and thinking, oh my goodness, like hard to believe that someone that young
could do what he's doing.
And then we ended up rooming together for a couple of years in the early, you know,
when we first started and became good friends in each other's weddings.
And yeah, and then probably my favorite Wayne story,
and I can tell a million of them,
was when he phoned me to help me,
to ask him to, ask me rather,
to assist him to run Team Canada
for the 2002 Olympics in Salt Lake.
And we hadn't been together for,
well, probably eight or nine years.
We still talked on the phone,
but to get that call to, you know,
for that such an important uh mission was uh that's
that's probably my favorite story you're like i'll put the toonie in the middle of the ice
well i was the guy that got the i actually uh um my part of that story was that the the
i think everyone knows it was a was the it was an ice maker from edmonton that
uh was was hired by uh salt lake city Lake City Olympic Committee to run the ice.
Because the ice was so good here.
Exactly, yeah.
Yep, Dan Craig.
And the logo for Salt Lake, this is the reason why the loonies were there.
The logo for Salt Lake was kind of a weird logo, but they needed somewhere for the refs to pinpoint where to drop the puck so they said just like
paint something there and so that's where he came up the idea well i'm going to put you know i'm
going to paint something but i'm going to put the loonies in but he put a loonie and a and a dime
and a nickel so after we won the show after we won the gold medal game was standing on the bench
with my wife and we're all celebrating and this this guy comes up to me with a water bottle
and he goes, let's go get the loonie.
And I'm like, oh, great, great.
I said, you got a nice pick?
And he goes, no, no, I got hot water in here.
But he wanted me to go out there as protection
in case someone saw him, right?
And I said, yeah, let's go.
And so he dug it out and I had it
and I brought it to the bench and I gave it to Wayne
and that's my part of the famous loony story.
And you mentioned playing for the Quebec Remparts.
I actually didn't know.
I knew you when I was on the Oilers and you worked for the Oilers.
I didn't know you were French or grew up in a French community,
but was any of your family speaking French?
La chute.
La chute.
La chute.
La chute.
That's how I would describe my play here.
La chute.
He's la chute. La chute, yeah. La Chute, La Chute. La Chute, yeah. That's how I would describe my play here, La Chute. He's La Chute.
La Chute, he scores.
Our family was English, but our community was like 50-50 French-English.
Most of the kids I played sports with, baseball, hockey, they were mostly French.
So I had a pretty good, you know, feel with French.
But when I went to Quebec City and played my junior for three years, I lived with a French family that didn't speak any English at all.
So that's where really I became more fluent.
Was your dad the person who got you into the game?
Like when you're younger, is it just kids in the community?
Everyone's playing hockey all winter.
Like what was your kind of beginning of hockey?
Who got you into it?
Yeah, our family was pretty, well, fairly, we weren't a really wealthy family, but we're upper middle class.
My dad and his brothers had a big business, a dairy business, not a farm, but they manufactured milk and ice cream.
of about 12,000 sponsoring sports, baseball, hockey,
and including the first ever artificial ice that they put on the grounds of their business.
So at three years old, my dad would bring me to work,
throw me on the ice, and send someone out
to get me off the ice.
So I was-
Figure it out, kid.
Yeah, there's 32 in my generation.
I'm the third youngest.
All the boys played hockey, all the girls skied.
So I grew up in a hockey environment, yeah.
It says in Quebec, your coach, Ron Raquette.
Was he your coach?
Racette, yeah, Racette.
Was he there the full three years?
No.
He was an awesome guy, though.
He was, like, he was,
he unfortunately died too young from cancer,
but he was just a classic junior coach.
You know, he, you know, we'd be talking to the players and, you know,
he wanted guys to go through the wall, not fight all the time,
but they just play with some, you know, pride and stuff.
And he played a little pro hockey.
He played in Long Island, actually, I think for the Ducks or something.
And he eventually lived there.
So Val James was a
teammate of mine and uh and a bunch of guys from from that part of the world Chris Brinster and
you know American guys yeah it was it was pretty cool well because I mean you started uh in junior
and I mean you weren't putting up that many points but I noticed that you'd accelerated in that
department like throughout the three years there and then your last year you put up quite a few
numbers yeah yeah just you know that wasn't really your game when you got to the national hockey league but is that
what made you kind of stand out and get drafted so early well it was my game until paul coffee came
all right yeah okay i guess i'm not the power play guy anymore
it is cool though i saw that now the the best defensive defenseman in the quebec junior league
is the kevin lowe award that must have best defensive defenseman in the Quebec Junior League is the Kevin Lowe Award.
That must have been a great honor.
And we actually talk on Chicklets.
There should be a  because the Norris is now most points.
There should be that in the NHL, I think.
Absolutely, yeah.
You know, you have the Selke and
Yeah.
Yeah, the  no, it's an honor.
It's an honor.
I mean, I consider myself a two-way defenseman. I mean, I used to rush a puck in junior and stuff and try it a little bit in pro, but you quickly find out you can't do that stuff. You just got to figure out how to play the game and become a part of a team. And, you know, we're fortunate to have a lot of guys that could score. So I quickly realized that shutting the door, helping to shut the door would probably help prolong my career.
shutting the door, helping to shut the door would probably help prolong my career.
Aside from yourself, maybe who do you think they would be able to name the trophy after as a shutdown defenseman if they did decide to eventually do that?
Oh, I don't know.
I mean, there's a lot of good defensemen come out of that league.
Vlasic played in...
New Zealand, Quebec, right?
Yeah.
Well, I meant more so if they did it in the NHL.
Oh.
Maybe like who did you look up to as a shutdown defenseman?
Who did you try to emulate your game after?
Well, probably, yeah, good question.
I'm not sure.
Larry Robinson, I guess, because I grew up in the Montreal area
and the Habs were big and, you know, Larry was.
But all those guys, Savard and LaPointe, I mean, they were just,
they weren't prototypical shutdown guys they they I think that they were they were the way our defense
were like you know Randy Gregg could move the puck all that Charlie Huddy could move the puck
Don Jackson the six we have the same six defensemen for three straight Stanley Cup finals
never changed that's unreal yeah same pairings? Same pairings.
Who was yours?
Lee Fogelin was my, yeah, and we were penalty kill guys
and last minute of the period guys,
and Paul Coffey played with Charlie.
I didn't, and Don Jackson and Randy Gregg,
they were both like 6'4", 6'5", big guys that could move the puck,
and anybody could play at any given,
anybody could be on the ice at the last minute of the game.
It depended who was playing well that game.
They would default to
maybe typically Foggy and I because
we generally did it, but if we weren't having a good
game, they would just
grab someone else. So I guess
that's how you win. Having the trust in all
six is the biggest difference. I mean, you see
it in the best teams now. There's no
really weak links and that was you guys, no doubt.
That's right.
I kept you second year in Evanston.
You guys are a bunch of kids.
You already have six future Hockey Hall of Famers on the roster.
When did you guys start thinking big, like, you know,
we can do some damage here?
Well, we made the playoffs the very first year.
Different era, you know, 21 teams and 16 make it.
We played the Flyers, who had that record year of 35
undefeated and um we we had it was a three out of five back then we had two overtime games one
double overtime game and i'll ever forget we lost the last game at home of course and bobby clark
saying uh you know of course gretzky's going to be good but watch out for this mark messier you
know that's the 40 tell he could already tell foreshadowing then the next year
uh we made the playoffs and played uh the Montreal Canadiens you know where I grew up the the famous
Habs I mean we were I was shitting my pants to be honest and seriously thought well you're going to
get embarrassed and and um we swept. We swept them, believe it or
not. And then we played the Islanders the next round. And the Islanders, they went 15-2 that
year to win. And their only two losses were against us. They didn't lose another playoff
game. The only two games that they lost were to us. So a little bit of foreshadowing there.
And then the next year, we went right to second overall.
So, you know, to answer your question, within a couple of years,
you're still having to prove yourself and not thinking you're going to win
a bunch of Cubs, but we're getting better.
Now, did they do a couple of seasons, one through 16,
a couple of those early playoff years?
Yeah.
That's been pretty wild, huh?
Yeah, those first two years, for sure.
And we finished 14th that second year and played the canadiens to finish third yeah i know it was a balanced
schedule right there was yeah there was 80 games there was 21 teams so you play everybody four
twice at home twice in a way pretty simple and the top 16 make it now the draft's so different
where you got scouting lists three years prior.
It was so different when you were coming up.
Going into your draft, were you expecting to be a first-rounder?
Did you interview with teams then or was it not even like that?
Did you get a phone call?
On the dairy farm?
Yeah.
There was no interviews.
My agent was Alan Eagleson, and he had like 12 guys in the first round,
and I was the last, you know.
But what happened was our year, the NHL was getting challenged
by players that were 18 years old, like Wayne, like Kenny Linsman,
to play as an 18-year-old in the NHL.
So the 79 draft year, the reason why it's such a good draft year,
it was two drafts in a row.
It was the 79s and the 80s were in that draft year.
Sorry, the 59s and the 60s.
And so Mark Messier wouldn't have been drafted that year.
Ray Bork wouldn't have been drafted that year
if it wasn't for this new rule that the NHL.
So, I mean, you can look,
if you Google the best draft year ever,
there's an argument there's one other year.
I forget which year it is.
03, but the 79 always comes up.
But it was two draft years in a row.
You brought up Bobby Clark mentioning Mess,
and Mess came on,
and you mentioned something interesting
in how him and Wayne had such different leadership qualities
that it really compliment one,
one another.
Did you find that?
Because obviously during those,
those bad dynasty,
you have to have a lot of guys pulling the rope and those two guys were the
one to punch.
Yeah.
The no question.
You know,
pretty predictable,
I guess you'd say,
you know, Wayne was more of the you know, pretty predictable, I guess you'd say. You know, Wayne was more of the, you know, he was a skilled guy
and more of speaking in that tone.
And Mark was, you know, the hard-nosed guy.
So it was good to have both.
And they would play off one another.
You know, you can't have the same guy talking all the time.
So, you know, if Wayne came in the room and wasn't saying anything,
that would be Mark's cue to, if he felt something needed to be said
about how we're playing and what have you.
And they both had so much mutual respect for one another,
and that's why they were so, why we're so good,
because you could see the respect they had for each other.
You know, Wayne was, I mean,
Wayne would be scoring eight points in a game,
and he'd be free.
You mentioned something that Mess did,
or Yari did, or all the other guys.
But, and I think if you think about the success
of the Oilers, we were ready to play anyone
because you had the most skilled guy in the world in Wayne,
and you had the hardest-nosed, best two-way player in the world. So pick a game, pick a style, we're ready to play anyone because you had the most skilled guy in the world in Wayne and you had the hardest-nosed, best two-way player in the world.
So pick a game, pick a style, we're ready.
It's a chicken and the egg thing as far as I'm concerned.
Wayne's the best player that ever played, but Mark's not far if you ask me.
And I'm not sure Wayne is as successful winning cups if Mark's there.
And I would say, and Mark would agree,
that he probably doesn't become the player he is
if it wasn't the fact that he played with Wayne.
We've talked a lot on this show about accountability
within great teams.
Like McKinnon's known as someone who is saying to Makar
or something, usually not Makar,
but like, you got to be better.
We need you better.
Was that happening in this dynasty with the Oilers?
Like where it doesn't even need to be Glenn Sather.
It's like, you guys are calling each other out a little bit.
Yeah.
That's a good question.
It's a hot button issue.
Oh man, those old school locker rooms,
like guys would be having fuck you matches in there,
like getting each other's faces.
But that's a lot of time we've got it done.
Like I've talked with Rick Talka and he's like you know that's that means everybody's caring in there and the
emotions are high and usually that's how you get it done yeah we had a good chain of command you
know good leadership command and and we i don't know this is kind of lame but we typically delivered
so we never really ever have to have those that's what that's good it is what's pretty sick to say
you know i know
i'm not being honest like it's because i don't recall any yeah you know there's a story that
mess some rookie threw his jersey on the floor you know and mess grabbed him by the throat and
mess would have went over picked it up and said you know we don't put the jersey on the throw
you know that kind of stuff um mess was for for the fact that he's reputed to be a hard-nosed guy. I don't.
He's like a softy deep down, right?
Yeah. Oh, he's crying all the time. And, uh, um, yeah, he, I think he had so much, he, he, he,
he evolved in his leadership and he had, you know, you, you, you, you, you become a good leader by
gaining respect and you don't become, get respected by berating the people you're
trying to lead so um yeah he he uh i i don't recall much of that not too many yelling matches and
and uh and again if we weren't you know if we weren't delivering biz you know for sure he'd
be going out running over someone and then you you know, a whole bunch of him, including myself, be falling suits.
It, it, you know, the coach might come in and, you know, say,
get your heads out of your ass. And then that was enough.
That's what I was going to ask you about next. What was Slater like?
What was your relationship like with him?
Yeah. I mean, he was brilliant, right? He, he, you know, he,
he was really a master motivator. He knew how to, you know, he was really a master motivator.
He knew how to, but again, not a, I mean, he'd come in and you knew if he was pissed off
because his face would turn red, probably the color of mine right now.
And you knew he was sour.
But he, you know, he'd say stuff like, you know, you're playing like a chicken shit.
He's not inferring you're a chicken shit. He's giving you a chance not to be a chicken shit. You're playing like a chicken shit. He's not inferring you're a chicken shit.
He's giving you a chance not to be a chicken shit.
You're playing like a chicken shit.
You're not a chicken shit.
So that's important, right?
You're not demeaning the guy, but you are like-
Right now, it's bad.
You're exposing him, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, get out there and play, right?
That kind of stuff.
What was his history in the game?
He became this incredible coach and went to the Rangers
and did all these things.
Had he played in the NHL?
Yeah, yeah.
Like a Phil Jackson type, sort of.
He played 10 seasons.
He played on
Bruins.
Yeah, Bruins.
Bruins, Rangers, Blues, Canadians.
Yeah, I said Rangers.
I think Penguins.
He is a really bright guy, a real street savvy guy,
very good business guy.
And he played for the great organizations.
He played for the Canadians, so he took a little bit of that.
He played for the Bruins.
He took a little bit of that.
He played for the Rangers.
And then he evolved into the WHA
and saw what the Winnipeg Jets were doing
with the Hedberg Nielsen and
and um and because the Jets were playing a different style right oh with the Euros the Euros
and so that's he wanted to play you know when he's coming through the the big bat bruins in that era
and and not that he was a skilled guy by any stretch. I think he had 86 points in whatever, how many games.
But he was the mastermind in terms of what he would like to see.
He wanted that we have the toughness, but he also wanted the skill level.
And in the days, and you can talk to any NHL players that played in our era,
they would all go out and watch us practice because our practices were so high tempo.
And they were all choreographed.
We had been doing them for decades.
And so it's going here and it's going there.
It's like the Harlem Globetrotters, right?
Right.
And then coaches started telling the players,
don't go watch those guys.
Don't go watch those guys because they didn't want them to get intimidated.
Yeah, exactly.
Anyway, Sather, he was the mastermind,
along with John Muckler and Teddy Green,
both who have since departed,
but we had a great coach of stuff. Oh, we were hearing some great Ted Green stories
from Louis DeBrusque the other day.
What an animal he sounded like.
Oh, yeah, yeah, Greeny.
And he was, again, another tough guy that played,
smart guy, very respectful of everybody never
never demeaning to anybody but if he came in and his lip was quivering he's like yeah yeah
and and louie was like i i think he wanted to go out and fight somebody on the other team like he
couldn't he's coaching but if he if you gave him the option he would have thrown some skates on
and gone and went and dummied someone. Yeah, no question.
He had a terrible accident too, getting hit over the head in an exhibition game.
Wayne Mackey, right?
Yeah.
I got a question about, because I had the chance to play for Steve Smith,
who was the defensive coach when I was there.
Yeah, yeah.
Great guy.
And he won three cups with you, the last three.
But in 86, it was that incredibly unfortunate bounce where he put it in off Fhrer
and you're going for three in a row against the Flames.
And I always wondered, a guy feeling that bad, like what were you guys saying to him after?
Was it something where as a defenseman, you take him in and have a beer?
It must have been hard for him, though.
Yeah, I mean, he handled it amazingly well, but yeah, really, really, really difficult.
You know,
the media came in
as they did
and went right to him
and we're,
the veterans like,
you know,
you guys get the F out of here,
give the guy a break,
you know, whatever.
But the reality is,
the reality is
we played shitty.
You guys didn't have
a good series.
We got cocky.
We lost what was
making us work.
We didn't, we were very. We got cocky. We lost what was making us work. We didn't.
We were very disciplined in the previous cup years.
Super disciplined, super committed.
And hey, don't get me wrong,
Calgary's a good team.
They deserved it,
but it was we dropped off
and we didn't play as well.
Shouldn't even have been in game seven.
And then that goal happened early in the third period.
Lots of time to score.
So it's not.
Oh, really?
I always see the, it makes it seem like it was two minutes left.
No, no, it was lots of time to score.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You talk about knowing about Wayne, but you know,
there wasn't a lot known about European skeleton back then.
What did you know about Yari Curry before he come over?
Not much.
Couldn't speak English.
Just sniped.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just sniped. Yeah, just sniped, yeah.
And he looked, I think if I got this right,
there was a period of time where there was some talk
where he might go back.
It wasn't quite right out of the gate.
It wasn't quite working.
And then I can't remember the timing
when he started to click with Wayne.
But yeah, what a player.
Just an amazing, a great individual. And we had, you know,
we had so many, we worked hard, you know, people often ask, you know,
how do you become a team? Like, you know, businesses or business guys,
I say, how do you become team? Like, how do you,
like we worked at becoming a team. We spent a lot of time together.
We'd go for beers together.
We'd have dinners together.
We'd have Halloween parties together.
I mean, I think most pro sports teams do it,
but some better than others.
And so that was a lot of time for everyone to gel and bond,
and particularly for a guy, I think, Paul Coffey and Yari lived together.
So Yari, Coffey says he learned his English from Coffari, Coff says he learned his English from Coff.
And Yari said he learned his English from watching cartoons.
So same thing, right?
Coff's a funny bastard.
Was he the funniest of the bunch?
He was probably the one guy who could talk back to Wayne a certain way, right?
Like I've heard some funny stories that I'm going back and forth about Wayne bitching about a past
and say, hey, I'll put it in your boot next time.
And just like funny shit, you know,
you love to hear about it.
He gravitated that.
But again, to be honest,
Paul was very quiet in his early years.
He was.
He was.
Very quiet, yeah.
But then he, but he always had the,
you know, if you do it well enough,
you know, the wet, the dry wit.
Oh yeah, I break it down.
And then Dave Semenko was the leader in all that.
He was the dry wit guy.
And I think Koff picked up a lot from him.
But, yeah, Koff's hilarious.
He would be  we're going into the biggest game of the year.
And, you know, we're on the bench together.
And his mother and my mother, all the families came into the games.
And we're friends and stuff.
You know, we were in the playoffs every year,
so everybody got to know one another.
And the national anthem goes,
we sit down and get ready to go and Koff would go,
hey, your mom has a new purse.
I'm like, Koff, how do you know where my mom's even sitting
and how do you know she has a new purse?
And then the other one was Lee Foglin
was a really, really serious guy
and a great leader and my defense partner
and a hard-ass defenseman to play against.
And he had bad shoulders, so he hated going over the boards.
He'd always try to go out through the gate.
And so when we'd be up 7-1 in a game
and Fogies turned to go out late in the game
and Koff would grab the back of his jersey and not let him go out the gate.
And Fogel would be like banging his foot.
Like, who does that, right?
Yeah, he's a silly bastard.
Yeah, Gretz, when we interviewed him,
talked about Fogel and what he meant to him as a leader,
like teaching him and stuff, right?
He seemed like a serious vet that meant a lot to those teams,
whereas most hockey fans don't really know that much about him.
Yeah, well, he was a captain and a great leader.
We were fortunate.
We had a lot of really good leaders there.
And, again, that plays into the whole how did the owners become really good,
good leadership.
You got bad leadership early.
You learn a lot of sort of bad traits and stuff.
Colin Campbell, league executive, was my first roommate.
A guy by the name Al Hamilton.
We had Ron Chipperville, B.J. McDonald, so many good leaders.
But the ultimate Lee Foglin, if you can imagine, you guys probably know the story.
I think it was 1983.
There was a cup year.
Foglin had been the captain for three years.
We went to the finals the year before,
before the start of the season.
He gave the captaincy over to Wayne.
Foglin was only, he was only like 29 years old.
He just knew.
He just, it was time for Wayne to take over.
I mean, who does that?
Yeah, seriously.
Like back then when you guys were running this town,
could you guys just go out to a bar and hang out, relax?
Or would people swoon me too much?
Or you could just be amongst the people?
Well, the reason why we were so great is we never went to the bars.
Just on the road.
Yeah, no, we would go out for sure.
We would go out.
We'd be in the community.
And people would recognize it.
Actually, the football team were bigger stars than us back then, the Eskimos.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
They used to, the CFL, they won five great cups in a row.
Comboil Stadium here seats 55,000, be packed.
We learned a lot from the Eskimos, actually.
I wonder if that influenced Wayne to buy the Argos.
Yeah, it probably did.
He bought the Argos.
He's probably saying, like, this is a cash cow.
Let's go. Who was it, John Candy? John Candy and Bruce McDowell. Yeah, he probably did. He bought the Argos. He's probably saying like, this is a cash cow. Let's go.
Who is it?
John Candy?
John Candy.
Yeah.
And Bruce McDowell.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, yeah.
No, we, people are, you know, they're respectful.
They've come up, you know, they want an autograph to chat with a bit, but, you know, we obviously
spend some time, you know, have, take a shooter, cheers, and then say, we're just, you know, we're trying to have, you know, have take a shooter, cheers, and then say,
we're just, you know, we're trying to have
some time together.
Right, right.
We respect that and people who don't should be respectful.
Did it almost feel surreal at the fact that you guys,
like during that run, you guys win those four cups
in the five years, like you guys are traveling around
like the dream team.
Like I'm sure every hotel you're showing up at,
the amount of seekers and the people around,
like would that, because it probably like, I mean, I know when you guys first got there, the amount of seekers and the people around.
Because it probably, I mean, I know when you guys first got there,
it must have been popular because everybody was excited about this youth movement.
But when you guys started to deliver, it must have been pandemonium everywhere you went. You know, that was just starting.
That stuff was just starting.
Like the first seekers were in Chicago.
Really?
The very first autograph seekers would be in Chicago.
And they'd be waiting for the bus at 3 in the morning,
as most cities do now.
And we're like, how the hell do we know we're coming in?
And typically, they're there to get Wayne's autograph,
but eventually others.
But it wasn't.
I don't know when all that changed.
I know some of the All-Star Games.
I was fortunate to play in a bunch of All-Star Games. And when it got to the point where the guys didn. I know some of the All-Star games, I was fortunate to play in a bunch of All-Star games
and when it got to the point where the guys
didn't want to go to the All-Star games anymore
because it just, the All-Star game used to be a great way
to hang out with, you know, the guys in the industry,
the other players and, you know, let your hair down
and go out and it's an honor to play in the All-Star game.
But it morphed into, in the late 90s but it morphed into in the late 90s it morphed
into or mid 90s it just became an autograph session right it was like a headache a complete
headache and and i think that's why it for the players sake it sort of dropped off but
yeah we didn't have to deal that's why they want to go to cancun now yeah yeah
they booked their trips on excuse me one of those All-Star games, I think you were in it, was Gretz had four goals.
It was like a huge deal.
It seemed like the game was that much more competitive
than now.
It's just, it's just.
It was actually competitive.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No, we had great, we really did have great games,
especially when you had the guys like Rick Talkett
in the game and Rod Langway and Cam Neely.
And, you know, like it would start off respectful,
but then it was like, okay, well.
We want to win.
We want to win.
And I remember a game in St. Louis.
I think that would have been in 88, the year Wayne got married.
And it was an Elva game.
It was like 7-6 and there was big hits and like goalie out at the end.
And it was like, and think about it.
You know, in our era, we practiced hard.
Like you were never trying to hurt anyone,
but you're playing for keeps, you know, defending.
And so it wasn't a big deal to play that way
in the All-Star game, to play without hurting anyone,
but to play hard.
Throughout that time of your career
or when you were playing in your peak,
like salaries, did players know
what other players
were making? Everything's changed so much where it's helped players knowing like this guy makes
this, this is my comparable, but it was different then, right? I was in the players union when the
whole change, yeah. And then something you wanted to get a little bit more. Yeah, I was certainly
supportive, but I would have said that I was on the fence a little bit because, you know, I was
always sort of embarrassed at what he made, you know,
relative to other people.
You know, it's not something I wanted to flaunt,
but it was clearly the best decision ever made.
And Mike Leute was really, he was a driver on that,
and Mike was a, you know, top goalie at the time.
I think he was making 400,000.
He would have been one of the highest paid players in the game.
And there was a lot of pushback.
Obviously, the owners must have known that it's not going to be good for them.
Yeah, this is going to hurt us.
But it actually ended up being exactly what the union needed.
And I remember, you know, we're debating it at the union meetings.
And Mike Clio, you know, made a passionate plea about it.
And he said, like, you guys, you're all too conservative.
Like, what's the big deal?
Like, who cares what you're making?
He goes, I'll tell you, I'm making 400,000.
Like, okay, is that okay?
Like, it was weird then to hear, like, oh, he's talking about his salary.
He's like, 400,000, holy shit.
Like, right away, everyone's like, I'm betting him.
Exactly, yeah.
And so the cell phones were in fact. Everyone was trying to call their agent.
What the fuck, Luis?
I was trying to grab a bell.
I asked Bestia the other day, I want to ask you,
with the game four, when the power went out in Boston,
what was your whole experience?
R.A. loves this.
It's an interesting story.
We only had him once.
He snuck in that night.
Oh, you were there.
He was the one who shut the fucking lights off.
Somehow it wasn't there.
He was responsible for playing the power bill.
He was the janitor.
Yeah, that was, you know, we got to the room and nobody knew, like, okay, so what do we do?
Like, what's going to happen here?
And it was all very strange.
It was bizarre.
For me, it was almost a bit of a reprieve because, like, you know, playing in the NHL period is tough.
Yeah. Playing in the Stanley Cup finals is tough like it's you know it's uh it's uh you know it's emotional and it's hard on
your you know your brain and your stress your nerves and stress so it's like just to get a
reprieve and go sit in there and kind of think about it was actually kind of nice but it was
really strange yeah yeah wild night I like to ask and mess about um the 90 championship the one without Wayne and and he was talking about how the
year after I think he lost first round and then it was it was such a different focus that training
camp so it would have been two years since Wayne left and and you got the job done but for you
personally do you remember like finding out how he was traded and wondering how different it would be and then kind of at the end coming together to get one more without him yep uh i can answer all those uh
vividly i was i was in newfoundland at bob cole's golf tournament and actually playing in for some
of the marty mcsorley who was getting traded and it was so it was weird we i think that you know it was a scramble we're
about at our 14th or 15th hole and then one of the uh guys from the pro shop comes to get marty
doesn't say you got a call marty was like well what do you know i think you should come take this
we didn't think in any of it never saw marty again but there was like within an like within
two holes no cell phones back then you know so nobody knows what's really going on but it was like within an like within two holes no cell phones back then you know so nobody knows
what's really going on but it's like it was like weird you could just something's happening there's
on the course like there was something weird like in hindsight yeah it you know you realize this
like like the word had been trickling out through the force yeah it trickled out yeah it started to
trickle out and oh for me i wasn't that surprised you know the for the guys in the know there was the sense
that something was not right and uh and it's business you know it's business it's a business
and uh and and so to your point or question like and and I I know Mark will agree to this and and
some extent Yari Mark had a really tough time with it. For me, Wayne was a great friend,
and it's like, what are you going to do?
Are you going to cut your nose off to spite your face?
We got a job to do.
We got to play.
But I really think we lost that year
because guys' hearts weren't into it.
And then the last piece was, and we love Wayne.
We owe so much to him.
And he wasn't doing to flaunt it,
but when he was dancing around in the form ice
after they beat us in game seven,
it was like, and I remember looking at the guys and go,
all right, you guys, you liking this?
Yeah.
You liking this?
That was the switch.
They needed it.
And so then we came back to next year.
And we never, winning that wasn't about, you know, winning.
No.
Without Wayne.
And he was the first guy to phone us after we won.
It was like, no, no, we're winning to validate ourselves.
You know, it was not to, you know, not to show Wayne up or anything.
I want to get to the Rangers.
Obviously, Macca traded there a year before.
It was sort of a sense of getting the band back together.
You had Boogaboom, Graves was there,
Asa Teak and them.
The best kind of reach out and say,
hey, you got to get down there.
We got to get number six.
Yeah, how about that?
Band back together, baby.
Yeah, it's a good question.
Yes and no.
Yes and no.
We talked about it. My contract was up with the orders i had
played 13 years i was an unrestricted free agent and yet the order still had first right of refusal
oh no if you can believe it yeah with ufa yeah so uh both the rangers and the canadians wanted
to sign my sign me and off verbally offer me a contract but they didn't want to tender it in
writing because they said slats is just going to match it
and trade you the Bruins or the Nordiques,
which happened back then.
That's not collusion, but it's the way things work.
And I knew that those guys were going to pay me double
and everybody had gone, so it was time for me to leave.
And so as a consequence, I sat sat out it wasn't i didn't
have a contract so i didn't play till december and and there was rumors at new york and where
were you skating that i was skating uh i was skating in bath because we had a home in in bath
my wife and i i was i was skating with the the produce manager who went in nets for me uh him
and i and say there's there too, isn't he?
Yeah, well, he's from BAP, but of course it's the season.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And, but when I got to New York,
it was a little bit disappointing
because Mess was really struggling
with the team and the coach.
And he didn't think they had the,
he didn't think they could do anything.
So he was like, you know, he was like, hey, they, they could do anything. So he was like, you know,
he was like, Hey, listen, I really want you to come, but you know, you're not coming into the
best of circumstances. Really? And, uh, yeah, yeah. And, and so say there, uh, Glenn finally
phoned me in, in February or December, I would say, okay, I've got a trade for, I got two trades.
You can go to the Montreal Canadiens.
You can go to the Rangers.
You pick.
And, of course, they picked the Rangers because those guys were there.
But Montreal won that year, right, in 93.
You're like, oh, shit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, missed out.
And, yeah, the chemistry wasn't right in New York at the time,
and they made a bunch of changes and changed the coach,
and, you know, the rest was history.
Oh, was it hard saying bye to Edmonton, obviously?
No, because most of those guys, you know, to Craig McTavish, for sure. Craig Simpson,
um, um, was Charlie gone? Charlie, how do you, might've said, but mostly like all the guys from the, from the earliest years where everyone was gone and, uh, no, it was, it was good. It was the
best thing I ever did in my career
because, you know, it just opens your eyes
to another part of the world.
And love New York City.
We lived in Manhattan.
And in my early years of my career,
we'd drive into New York.
I'd go, who in the hell would ever want to live in this city?
But we just loved living there.
And then, of course, first game against the Islanders
and have no idea what the Islander fans are chanting.
You know, 1940, I go, like I said, the Trader, what are they chanting?
1940.
He goes, what's that mean?
That's the last time the Rangers won the Cup.
He's like, oh, we're in one here.
Yeah, yeah.
And then it was really cool after we won the Cup,
the first game the Islanders came in in 94 after the Cup.
They chanted 1983 to the last person.
Oh, yeah, perfect.
We got them now.
But Mess was talking about,
we had to ask him about the guarantee
in the game six against Jersey.
And he was talking about how before cell phones,
you'd take the bus over to Jersey
and everyone's reading the paper.
So you must have been one of those guys
that read it and was like, Jesus Christ.
What did you say
yeah what do you listen to well i i was in the car with him um after the practice after he talked
to talked about it or did what he did because we we were living in manhattan brian leach
mess myself mike richter the four of us were the only ones the The rest lived up in Rye. And so we just went into him to do the media,
us to do some medical stuff with the trainers.
And then so no idea, I hopped in the car and he goes,
well, I might've done it this time.
And like, well, what?
But he goes, I'm not even gonna tell you,
just read the paper tomorrow.
So yeah, I was, I mean, it fired me up.
You know, it was like.
I already said it pretty much.
Game on, game on.
Does it feel like Brian Leach sometimes maybe gets overshadowed?
I mean, I know he played, you know, several years ago,
but I feel like his name maybe doesn't get mentioned as much as it probably
warrants getting mentioned talking about the best defenseman of all time.
Yeah, that's a good point. Brian Le leachy um incredible two-way defenseman he became you know um i don't know if uh hughes in vancouver man that's what i see i see a lot of brian leach
and hughes yeah yeah you know i don't know if he's as big as leach he was relatively speaking
for the times i'm not sure how big hughes is but i mean leach he was, relatively speaking, for the times. I'm not sure how big Hughes is, but, I mean, Leachie was, I mean,
strictly an offensive guy early on, but, I mean, he became a shot-blocking,
you know, pounding defenseman for all, whatever he was,
190 pounds or something, 185 pounds.
And, yeah, he, well, you know, your point is a good one.
He is one of the greats, if you ask me.
Yeah, I think maybe his personality.
So he's on the quiet side, yeah.
Yeah, quiet guy.
Yeah, deflected the attention and stuff.
And, of course, Mess's presence.
And, you know, Mike Richter was quite talkative.
And the Rangers had a lot of stars, you know, Kovalev.
Oh, yeah, I remember.
Adam Graves, you know, so.
Was Keenan ever hard on you? I mean, you've been around so Kovalev. Oh, yeah, I recognize him. Adam Graves, you know, so. Was Keenan ever hard on you?
I mean, you've been around so long.
Never once.
No, yeah?
Never once.
And so when they hired Keenan in the summer,
and I didn't have a very good year when I went to the Rangers.
Yeah.
Missed half the year.
It takes a while.
And that was, for me as a GM, eventually, or a coach,
it was a good example.
Like, it was a good experience to say, it can take, like, Pronger struggled when he first came with us a bit.
Really?
Yeah, like, he didn't score for, like, I think 21 games or something.
Not that he's a goal scorer, but he ended up with, like, 16 or something.
But it takes a while, even the best players.
Because, you know, getting comfortable with the training staff and all the little idiosyncrasies and the coaching and the drills
and the players and all that stuff.
And things weren't going good in New York.
So I thought I had to retire.
Like, I thought I was terrible.
And then Keenan came along.
They made him coach.
And I remember talking to Wayne, and I said, oh, shit, I don't know.
This is not going to be good.
And he goes, I can tell you one thing thing you will not have one problem with him I said well what makes
you so sure he says you have five cups and he has none and uh and that was a fact he he literally
never I mean he would talk to me a courteous you know as a courteous but yeah you never said one
word to me all year and and there was another guy who was a longtime Ranger and a very good player.
And he and his wife and my wife and I were good friends, and we would go for dinner.
And he was one of those great guys that he wouldn't say shit if his mouth was full of it.
And all of a sudden, the two of him and his wife were just saying all the crazy things Keenan's done.
And we get home, my wife says, like, you know that stuff's going on i said i have no idea what he's
talking about but keenan identified the guys that he didn't like yeah and he'd worked him behind the
scenes you know yeah that's tough that's tough yeah i was gonna say six cups like what do you
do for the parties like do you do the same thing every time like i eventually like i ain't fucking
throwing a party leave me alone i don't need it this year yeah well the ranger one so i was uh
was at 94 i was born in 59 i was 35 years old right so we went out a little bit that night
of course as you're going to do the adrenaline's still high but then mess phoned me about noon the
next day he said we're all meeting at whatever, four o'clock somewhere.
And I said,
mess,
I, you know,
I can't go,
man.
I got to,
I got to sit this one out,
but give me a good night.
I'll be ready to go.
And phones me the next day,
same thing,
like literally,
like I'm not bailing out.
I mean,
I could party with the best of them.
I was just,
I was zapped for energy.
You know,
I was 35.
I had a couple of kids at that time
and I was like,
it was a lot of work to play.
It's seven games in this final round. We had
seven with the Devils.
I was playing with Zuboff.
I was playing
top. Leach
and Bookham were the top pair, but I was playing a lot
of minutes. You were playing with a young
Zuboff? Yes. Oh my god.
What was that like
we we played in in training camp the very first exhibition game and we played every pretty much
every other than when he was playing with leachy in the bar play we pretty much played every minute
together uh until right away you're like oh this guy's got it yeah yeah no because i i mean i i uh i mean i wasn't a high
end offensive guy but i could move the puck and um and and you know knew to get it to him
and and could defend when but he was a good he could defend too you know i mean fantastic stat
there's only been two players in the history of the NHL defensemen to lead their team in scoring
in the same year they won the Stanley Cup.
That's Sergei Zuboff and Bobby Orr.
Wow.
Zuboff had 86 points, I think,
and he tied with Mess.
Mess missed a bunch of games, but...
That's a great nugget.
Look at you.
Yeah.
All right, you got no job security here.
You're about to pick up low for a pod.
I know you're one of the five cops here,
but did you ever experience anything like the Canyon of Heroes
that you did in Manhattan that day?
No.
What is that?
That's what the name of the parade is?
It's on Broadway.
It's just, you know,
like all the ticker tape,
like millions of people all over the place.
It's, you know, pretty iconic stuff in American sports.
It was a beautiful, warm day,
and yeah, the ticker tape
thing goes, Presidents of the United
States, astronauts.
Yeah, exactly. New York championship teams.
If you look at the old footage,
that's what you envision, and that's
what it was like. It was very cool
and then finished up at City Hall.
Yeah, surreal, really. It got
the key to the city. Never really did much. It got the key to the city.
Never really did much, but got the key to the city.
They broke the lock on it anyways in New York. Yeah, yeah.
When you went back to Edmonton, did you have any thoughts or ideas of,
I mean, you ended up coaching, GM, president.
There were so many things in your post-playing career you did.
But what were your thoughts as it finished up as a player?
What was to come next? So my contract ran out with the rangers and actually the flames were trying to
sign me and i was considering going there because i'd been away for four years and they made a
compelling uh presentation to my wife was from banff and uh you know was about come and play
for a year or two and then we will get you involved in the
organization. And Slats, the door was always open for me. So my contract I signed when I left the
Rangers to come to the Oilers was I signed for one year to play and two years to coach. It was
actually, yeah, you can't do that anymore, right? SPC, stand-up players contract, you can't have
any addendums or anything. And it just said to coach. It didn't say what role.
Yeah, exactly.
I just wanted to get my foot in the door
and move on to the next.
And he always knew that that was inevitable,
that I would be involved in hockey in some capacity.
So the Oilers had a young team,
Dougie Waite and-
And Garen there.
Billy Garen was, well,
Garen got traded for
Jason Arnott, so I think
I think
Billy came the next year.
And they were evolving
and Slats, you know,
wanted a little bit of leadership. I still had a little
bit of game in me and it was great.
I played
for the Oilers for 13 years.
They made the playoffs every year. I left for four years. They didn't make the playoffs. I came years. They made the playoffs every year.
I left for four years.
They didn't make the playoffs.
I came back.
They made the playoffs again.
Thanks, Gary.
You're welcome, guys.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And, of course, it went well.
So then Slats extended me for another year to play.
And then I had an inner ear issue, so a balance thing that ended.
I didn't play much that year and then
what was that vertigo or was it well it's it's a it's vertigo as a symptom but if they figure it's
an inner virus you know often you not often you hear that people get viruses get hit your heart
and kill you a virus doesn't settle in anywhere in my case they figured it you know my my middle
ear and uh or my inner ear and so i was, I was like drunk all the time, you know.
But I worked, I rehabbed.
This happened in October of that season.
And I rehabbed the entire year and actually played the last game of the year.
And I remember the media and everybody coming in saying,
man, you're back, you're ready.
And I said, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done.
So it was almost cool to get that one final game to get the rehab.
Well, and then they inserted me one game in the playoffs,
which was, you know, I think I played about six shifts,
but it was a game seven, and for some reason they wanted me in there.
And then, yeah, assistant coach, hedge coach,
and then general manager the following year.
That's a lot of pressure.
Between being GM, is that a lot of stuff to juggle?
Oh, in a Canadian market? Way harder than playing? Yeah. So I had an option to go to the Rangers
when Sather went to coach the Rangers. I was the coach of the orders and I had an out of my
contract. And so he was always been a mentor. And so I went in and said, what would you do if
you were me? And at the time he said, well, there's three jobs in hockey to your point.
There's playing, there's coaching, there's managing. Playing is the best, coaching is the
second best, managing is the third best. And I thought at the time he was just saying that to
try to get me to come coach in New York. But after about four or five years managing, I really
to try to get me to come coach in New York.
But after about four or five years managing,
I really quickly realized, yeah, I did.
And that's why I, you know, I stopped managing in 08.
And then, you know, Darrell Keats wanted me around.
He could see that I was getting ground down,
that I didn't like what I was doing. I was just, I didn't like it.
I didn't like it.
I didn't like dealing with the agents,
and no offense to them.
And so we created, the Oilers created the president of hockey operations.
That was the first team that did that, huh?
First team that did that.
Steve Tambolini was assistant GM in Vancouver.
Knew Steve from Hockey Canada, Olympics.
Nice guy, good with the agents.
Smart hockey guy, hockey family.
You know, so, and initially he was going to come in as co-GM. And then I thought, well, no, that's ridiculous.
If he's truly coming in here to be the GM, he's got to be the GM.
And then I don't care what I'm going to be in.
Daryl Cate said, well, you'll be the president of hockey.
Boom.
And yeah.
A couple of FU matches with the agents.
Like, what, were they getting greedy at that time
with their contracts getting too crazy for you?
Yeah, that was the Bob Goodenow days, right?
You know, the slogan they had was,
the rising tide raises all ships,
which was great for the union.
I was a player at one point.
But I was also a guy that, you know,
I'm a very fair person and, you know,
a deal is, you know, we're both happy, right?
But it just seemed like the players,
and I know that a lot of the guys,
if it was up to them,
they would have done deals that were a little more favorable.
You know, if it's three million bucks, it doesn't have to be three and a quarter. You know, if it's 3 million,
it doesn't have to be three and a quarter.
You know what I mean?
It was always the little change on it.
Yeah, it was always, and that was the rising tide
raises all ships because, yeah,
you might agree to take a quarter of a million less
because it's Edmonton, it's Sharon and all that,
but you're hurting the next guys.
And I get that, but I just couldn't really accept it. Yeah, they looked at it like, all that, but you're hurting the next guys. And I get that, but I just couldn't really accept it.
Yeah, they looked at it like, all right, well, instead of three, 3.25,
well, the next guy's 3.5 instead of 3.25,
and five years later, it's another couple million a season.
And we didn't have a lot of, like, we were before the cap,
you know, we didn't have, when I was managing in the first,
till 05, 06,
when we had the run and when everybody's dealing with the same cards,
you know, we were playing Dallas every year.
Dallas had an 80 million payroll and we had like a 32 million payroll, right?
And we could compete with them.
Like we could take them to the woodshed, but, you know,
then you'd have Brett Hall or Medano or the guys making
six, seven, eight million scoring the winning goal, the difference makers, right?
And then when the Dougie Waits of the world got good and Jeremy Roenick signs for nine million
in Philadelphia, what do you think Dougie Wait's getting? Whereas, you know, I think I was ready to offer Wade
like 4 million.
That was the best we could do to keep Wade.
And I flew down to Phoenix and played golf
with he and his father-in-law thinking
that I was going to get a hometown discount.
No.
And we're sitting there at his golf club.
I think it was Greyhawk.
And on the news was Roderick had just signed in Philadelphia.
And I looked at Wade and I said,
I guess I wasted my trip.
He's like, sorry, Kevin.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
What did he end up getting, Wader?
I think he got like eight and a half or something.
Eight and a half or nine, I can't remember.
Was he buzzing around with the blue tux then?
Yeah.
Yeah, he was on the wheels.
Yeah.
Oh.
I always wondered, and you guys offer sheeted Dustin Penner,
and Berkey came out and was so mad.
And I just imagine, because Horkoff would tell me how competitive you were,
and I couldn't imagine when you saw, like, his quotes,
you must have been fuming.
And I don't think you said anything for a long time,
but you must have been fuming inside.
Yeah, yeah.
anything for a long time but you must have been fuming inside yeah yeah i know i but i mean a lot of the stuff that happens in the media you know you you you have to grow thick skin and you tend
to ignore you don't even read it and otherwise because it's going to piss you off and i think
berkey in berkey's case oh yeah i finally flipped off the handle. It had a couple of beers in me and I was going to. Was that off?
Yeah, yeah. I was going to a friend's birthday party and, you know, one of the media guys phoned me
up to say, or whatever it was.
And I said, okay, I'll phone you in half an hour and have your pencil ready.
And so he's actually, as I'm beaking off, he's like, I can say all this stuff.
I think absolutely.
Oh, wow.
Have at her.
And I was writing with a lawyer friend of mine.
He said, but he's not my lawyer.
And he said, if I was your counsel, I would advise you not to say any of that stuff.
And you still said run it?
Oh, yeah.
Because it was enough, right?
Have you guys talked since?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
We've patched it up since then. And I i knew like probably over a couple cocktails i'm assuming
well it's it's a different story and i'll let berkey tell the story but it was it's a good
story it's a real good human interest uh reason i won't uh divulge it but yeah yeah we had gone
fishing together and drinking buddies and i think i mean i
understand i think berkey was just pissed off that i didn't talk to him ahead of time that that was
the reason but i had we had we'd offer sheeted vanik prior to that and i had phoned uh darcy
regier who's who's a great person and stuff and it was like you know i got a you know a half hour
an hour of you know why it's such a
dumb move and you know like I can't believe you're doing this and I was like what what's
Berkey gonna say when I phone him up but I'm not even gonna phone Berkey and then uh and then it
blew up even worse then it blew up oh god yeah yeah well you think you're doing the right thing
everywhere yeah that shit happens well it's it's been just you had such an incredible
career both sides of the aisle
playing coaching GM and
we appreciate it six Stanley Cups
it's an amazing feat so we appreciate
you coming on yeah thanks
yeah we'll do it again
before we continue I want to talk to you about game time
the Winter Classic is coming up end of December at Wrigley Before we continue, I want to talk to you about game time.
The Winter Classic is coming up.
End of December at Wrigley Field on New Year's Eve, and we cannot wait to get out there.
And right now, hockey fans can save on tickets
with a game time exclusive 25 off
when using zone deals with game time.
This deal is only available until December 2nd,
so fire up the game time app
and get your Winter Classic tickets now.
Whether you're from Chicago
or whether you're from Moose Jaw,
the Winter Classic is such an amazing experience.
To think of making a trip with some buddies
or your wife to go and watch a game
at legendary Wrigley Field,
I can think of no better way to ring in the new year.
And with GameTime Zone deals,
you choose your zone and Game Time chooses your specific seats.
And you get peace of mind with Game Time's lowest price guarantee.
If it's your first time buying with Game Time, you can enter the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
There's nothing like seeing a winter classic live.
I've been to a few, got to play in one, one of the best memories of my career.
And you can get 25 off with zone deals on GameTime, the official ticketing partner of
Barstool Sports. What time is it? GameTime. Thank you very much to Kevin Lowe. What a career.
Incredible to hear the stories and I guess like how he was able to be that successful and play
with that many great players. It was really cool having having him on uh biz we did have a couple trades this past past week the toronto maple leafs your
leafs they traded defenseman timothy lilligren to the san jose sharks for matt benning a conditional
2025 third round pick and a 2026 six round pick he just wasn't playing he wasn't in the lineup
yeah he just wasn't really getting his opportunity.
I wish him well.
I kind of viewed him and Sandin in that same boat,
like smaller puck-moving defensemen.
And I just, yeah, I think it was probably the right time.
And I'm sure he was sick and tired about not knowing exactly
what his future was in Toronto
and probably better off that they send him on his way.
But, you know, seem like a good guy.
Seem like he was well-liked in the locker room.
I don't really have much else to say.
I don't think this is like a majorly impactful trade.
No, no, neither do I.
Neither do I.
I mean, what's weird is that he was picked 17th overall in 2017.
And a pick after him in the second round by Colorado was Connor Timmons.
And he kind of, I mean, I guess didn't take his job,
but that's a guy that they'd much rather have in the lineup than Lilligren.
And he moves on.
The other trade was the Utah Hockey Club acquired Oli Mata
from the Detroit Red Wings for a 2025 third round pick.
He's 30 years old.
He had a 3 million cap hit,
and he's an unrestricted free agent next summer.
So I think Detroit just, we're not going to sign you.
We don't need you.
I think Detroit's defensive game overall is absolutely brutal.
Horrible.
They're horrendous on the back end.
So I don't know if moving on from him is going to help anything,
but maybe to have somebody.
I ran into Chris Draper at the BU game,
whose son is on the Michigan Wolverines as well as Marty LaPointe's son.
So pretty cool that he's working,
and he's obviously getting to see his son play and scout.
But he was mentioning it.
They got Edmondson and Sider playing together,
and they're going against the first line every night.
And it's one of those, just, dude, this is what they need to go through.
And they're going to be better for it in the long run.
And you see some nights them really shut down some legit stars in the league.
And then other nights there's going to be growing pains.
But I think his most exciting thing, or the Detroit Red Wings as a whole,
is that they got this, what's the kid's name, G, from Sweden?
Pekka, remember last year we watched that defenseman for Team Sweden?
I can't even get the guy's name right.
Look it up quick, G.
But he's come Axel Sandin something.
Maybe I'm thinking of the Sandin the Leafs traded,
but he is lighting up the SHL.
He won it last year.
He's back over this year.
Could be in the NHL at the end of this season.
I don't remember.
I'm not exactly sure.
I couldn't even give you his name, but we'll get it to you at the end of this season. I don't remember. I'm not exactly sure. I
couldn't even give you his name, but we'll get it to you by the end of the show. I promise. I promise
to do that. Guys, it's Witt. And before we go any further, I want to talk about Yeti. Yes, Yeti.
Everyone knows somebody with a Yeti, whether it's the cup, the little one, the big one,
the coolers, the carry coolers.
They have so much to offer.
They keep your drinks cold and they keep your drinks warm.
Somehow they do both.
And to have them on as a sponsor, it's an honor because I've been crushing and using
Yetis since the day the company was invented.
I'm going to go out on a limb.
I might have been one of the first Yeti customers.
And now Yeti has NHL custom drinkware.
They sent me over.
Oilers cups.
Just three beautiful ones.
One small fat one, one medium one, and one big daddy.
It was like the old Nintendo ice hockey game.
One of each.
That's what Yeti does.
Their unique laser marking customization technique creates a permanent finish on your drinkware.
All 32 teams available and a great gift for the hockey fans in your life.
If you're looking for a solid Christmas gift, what is better than a Yeti with your friend or loved one's favorite NHL team stapled all over?
It's the best in the business.
Grinnelli got the Bruins, Biz got the Leafs, and I got the Oilers.
Shop at Yeti.com slash NHL. Shop at Yeti.com slash NHL.
That's Yeti.com
slash NHL.
But, in more
important news or topic,
we're going to talk about you,
my friend, and this
Witt vs. Riggs showdown.
What's happening? I saw you guys
talked about it on the Unnamed show.
Did Portnoy kick up dust on that? How did it all come up? I think Minahan mentioned, happening i saw you guys talked about it on the unnamed show did portnoy kick up
dust on that like how did it all come up i think minahan mentioned oh are you guys like gonna play
and going back i cannot believe it was five years ago i was calling into barstool radio i had rider
in the car who was one and a half screaming at the top my lungs i almost said like a word that can
get you in trouble now that begins with an R and I switched
it to moron halfway through just screaming at rigs. The whole storyline was that I qualified
with a partner, the one arm bandit for the USGA four ball. Of course, of course, that was going
to be played in May of 2020. COVID comes, they cancel the tournament and they don't allow the
teams that qualified in to just play in 2021.
So I got hosed.
I got a paddle from the Philadelphia Cricket Club.
I actually got it over here. I'm going to come over here for a second and grab it.
This is what I got.
This is exactly the gift I got for qualifying for a USGA event,
which will probably never happen in my life now.
Boom.
2020 USGA.
Pretty cool.
Nice event to send. Like days of confused paddle to spank somebody if you need to.
Yeah, exactly.
And I have three boys.
I have three boys.
So don't call me.
Yeah, don't.
Child services are going to end up there.
Don't call me Adrian Peterson with the switch.
But yeah, I got this paddle.
And in the process of that, this whole match came about where riggs had said on twitter
somebody said you should play whitten i think he wrote like any time or something like that
and i was like all right let's do it let's do it we're gonna do it for 10 grand and then he asked
for shots i'm like whoa whoa whoa like you said you'll play me whenever and now you kind of want
shots like already admitting i'm better than you and And so we're arguing over that. And things got ugly.
Things got ugly.
God, it feels like a different lifetime.
Yeah, I hated his guts.
It feels like there was a little bit of hatred there.
I hated his guts.
I hated him.
I'm like, this motherfucker.
And you've since squashed the beef?
Like, have you guys had a conversation face to face?
Yeah, I've seen him like multiple times since this happened.
And I mentioned on the Unnamed Show, I respect what he's done a lot, right?
Like, I think that that whole crew,
I mean, they're monsters on YouTube.
Their podcast is an enormous hit
and they've grown a huge golf brand within Barstool.
I believe they're,
gee, correct me if I'm wrong,
the number one selling like merch at Barstool
is foreplay stuff.
They're at all the major-
Oh, they sling merch.
Wow.
Okay, Gene, now get me the name
of the Detroit Red Wings prospect, please.
Thank you.
Got you.
So I am...
At the time, I was seeing a guy
for lessons.
Actually, I still see him.
Sean Hester, the man.
I don't see him nearly as much.
But I mentioned,
oh, I'm going to be doing this match,
10 grand, and he's like,
dude, I don't know,
like the USGA,
who is notorious
for just horrific rulings in golf
and all the nonsense in golf,
and they're crazy about amateurs
not getting paid for anything
to remain amateurs
in the game of golf.
Like being an amateur in golf
is like,
it's like,
it's got this,
they're like the new NCAA. It's got this like ring to it, like an amateur in golf is like the exact it's like it's got this they're like the new ncaa
it's got this like ring to it like an amateur cannot be paid like it's just bobby jones won
the fucking masters and i don't know it's just all this nonsense about amateurs that you might
want to like make sure if you do this match like these people are so tapped who knows if it's all
over youtube like what if they didn't let you play because you're technically not an amateur so then i ended up looking like such a fool which i knew at the time was going
to happen because i was the one that had brought this to this guy and then i'm the one that has to
be like dude i can't do this match till after this and then it got even uglier and it looks like i'm
dodging whereas i was just making sure i didn't get kicked out of some tournament but then screw
over the one-armed bandit and and in the process of all of this, just despised Riggs.
I was like, I fucking hate this guy.
Well, time has passed and time heals all wounds.
And you've mentioned before,
we have to play the four play guys in a sandbagger.
Now they do it with three guys.
I think it's Riggs, Trent, and Frankie.
Frankie's now nasty at golf.
Now, mind you, Riggs and I, I'm a three handicap now.
I think he's a four.
Grinelli, thank you.
Axel Sandin Pelica.
Okay?
Axel Sandin Pelica, Red Wings fans.
He's coming, and he's going to dominate.
Back to Riggs.
I ended up just thinking like, all right, I got to give him shots.
So I'm already better than
whatever I'm kind of all over the map right now
but you then brought up they have three guys
we have to play them Frankie and I had a heart
to heart Frankie brought me to play
Deepdale which is a
sick course in Long Island it was
amazing right around the time it was the day
before we did the FDNY NYPD
game and he's
like dude you guys do all this these golf videos like we did the FDNY NYPD game. And he's like, dude, you guys do all these golf videos.
We're the golf brand at Barstool.
How have we not done something together?
I'm like, you're 100 right.
Biz has been saying that to me for a while.
And then with that, I'm thinking Riggs and I can finally play
because Riggs has started this series called Hater.
I believe it's Hater where he plays against people.
I think Riggs is maybe the most hated guy
in the golf youtube universe like it just seems like he gets he likes playing the villain i don't
know if he likes playing the villain i think that these people chirp his swing and say he sucks and
say he's not a four handicap and all this stuff so he started a series which is great saying that
he's lying about it in a good way or bad way like
he thinks it's cool to be a a good handy they say he's the internet says he's a reverse sandbagger
whereas you say like the guy at the water cooler like yeah i'm a two handicap then you play with
them it's like buddy you're you're not a two hand you just want to say you're a two handy right
which is which those people i love because those people are free money
and if you're playing a cash game and you get some reverse bagger on your team you're like buddy i
this guy's giving shots to somebody who's way better than him you know what i'm saying like
reverse baggers are fine it's the true sandbaggers that are scumbags so rigs now plays against these
people who comment on his videos where they'll go find people who have left like 100 200 comments carving the guy personally golf wise just like truly internet trolls that
like hate someone so much that they don't know where he's playing them in golf matches has it
gotten heated when he's been with them in person ever no the matches at the beginning usually he's
like yeah i don't like you but they're always kind of cordial and like most internet trolls you meet them and it's not gonna
they're gonna be most of the time way different and more cordial than they are on the internet
when they're doing it you know so that's just the life we live the world we live in where
people will not say to your face what they write to you on a dm so i talked to you and i don't know
how this is gonna to all shake out.
I was hoping at one point
we could do, and I know Dave has mentioned it as
well. I texted him. He's like, well, that idea sounds
vaguely familiar as in though it was
his idea, but I've been begging you for
a long time where we could do almost
like a tournament style where
obviously foreplay would be involved.
Maybe they would break off and to
do two different teams of two,
considering they have four guys.
No, they have three, I think.
They have three.
Who's the other guy that's online sometimes
that they added on?
That guy, Rappaport, left.
Oh, he's not here anymore.
So it's only three.
He's gone, though.
So they got three.
And that's why they play like the Bob Does Sports.
So it could be me, you, and Yans
playing the foreplay team, and theyans playing the four-play team.
And they do scramble, three-on-three scrambles.
Okay.
But would you rather just go head-to-head versus Riggs first?
No, I think we should do both.
Okay.
All right.
So there's going to be a culmination of different events.
I mean, there's other people.
I mean, we're out here in Arizona.
We got the subpar podcast.
We got the Bob Does.
I figured it.
Is it Spragnak?
Spragnak?
I don't know how to say her last name.
Spragnak?
How do we not get all these golf YouTube people together in one universe
and create some sort of tournament or competition?
I remember talking to you way more about a
sandbagger tournament like i don't we've definitely had this conversation but i i remember talking a
lot about getting two-man teams of all these nhl legends and current players to do a sandbagger
tournament well it sounds like we could maybe do a little bit of both if we wanted to like a mix
it all like a mixed bag of nuts where you could have all these different YouTube golfers
mixed in with these other pro athletes.
It's not necessarily delegated to just hockey teams
where we could have five different sets of,
maybe we bring back all the sandbagger groups
that have beat us.
I'm sure Prusty and Shrempy would love to come back.
Imagine getting Commie and Whitney back in the mix.
Ray Whitney, that is.
Like we have a big opportunity to hit the golf world on YouTube.
Jose Theodore and Jovo dummied us.
Oh, buddy, the short game on those fuckers.
So I was just putting it into the universe.
I think that you and Dave need to go back and have a long discussion
about how we could maybe do something from a barstool perspective. and then maybe in the meantime then we do what you said where it's just maybe just
us first foreplay where it's kind of this two-headed monster where we do the three-man
scramble me you and yans versus foreplay but then again at one point you versus rigs head on head
nobody's getting any shots then is that how it's going to play out
I I I mean if we're if we're if I'm one shot better at the time I was a zero and like he's
like oh you're better than me that was my whole point like I'm better than you but I I should
should bring up Francis does do stuff with them now my guy Francis so I think in all of their
videos Francis he's not on the pod
but he does all of their golfing youtube videos so francis is awesome to have around so and how
could we not have kirk minahan in the mix that guy's a menace and he's great on the golf course
as well so i feel like there's something bigger than just doing something with foreplay here
imagine me you and yans and minahan versus francis trent riggs and frankie
four man scramble that would be unbelievable i i being on minahan seeing i did yes thank god
because he could just talk all the shit so the thing about the wheel spinning his swing is ugly
and i think like talking to frankie and some of these videos, like his driver, just like there's days he cannot get off the tee,
but around the greens,
he's got a very good short game.
And that is why I think he ends up winning a lot of matches.
Like he'll hit it horrible and shoot 82 because of his short game.
That's not bad.
I would like a little redemption on the no laying up guys when they were
talking shit about the DJ Collie thing.
I'd love to mix it up.
But I believe you ended up admitting you were incorrect on that one yeah but but for the sake of the
content no i didn't and what about what about uh um subpar like getting those two guys in the mix
so that's almost where you have to separate them too because like all of these youtube golfers then
like that's like they would kill everyone.
Who are the other ones that I'm not mentioning?
Is there any other golfers?
What about the good, good guys?
Foreplay does a lot of stuff with them.
I think that they were just in a match. I saw clips on social media today or yesterday.
So good, good's huge.
There's a DOD guy.
I guess he's like driver off the deck where
he just rips driver off the jet driver off the deck constantly like he's been thrown into the
into the comments as possibly somebody yeah foreplay uh i don't think no laying ups ever
done anything with other groups i think they're just kind of on their own they don't really
collab the way it seems yeah they seem like the type of guys that wouldn't collab they're not down to collab i guess so um who else we got are they the
most legit other than oh there's a guy that left good good named grant horvat who he does like
i've seen him playing with bryson dechambeau and Mickelson, and Morikawa. I think he's really good.
He has one-on-one matches against the biggest names in golf.
So it is just such an enormous presence on YouTube.
Golf now.
And I'll also go on a little rant for golfers out there.
I love that golf has grown, right?
Well, I guess I'm going to end up going into that.
I don't love it.
But it is cool to
see this many people fall in love and it's all based on covid when you couldn't do anything but
go outside and golf unless you lived in massachusetts where you weren't allowed to golf
like what the fuck were they thinking then talk about it we were the last state to be allowed
golfing so golf has blown up but i hate it and i feel like somebody who loved the band when they were just
playing like 200 foot little 200 seat little hole in the wall bars and they go mainstreaming big
like no no no i liked them before i like i already knew about them they're too big now
all you people out there like me that were obsessed and had the bug and just couldn't
get enough golf like a true junkie to see what has happened since COVID. It crushes me. You got
to book a golf trip two years in advance. Every course is full all the time. There's mutants out
there smacking each other in the head with a driver weight getting in fights on the course.
It's just golf needs to shrink again.
Golf needs to shrink.
It's too big.
All these courses want this ridiculous amount of money to join.
And at some point, there's a golf bubble and it has to burst.
I'd be shocked if it doesn't.
Oh, I think some of these people are going to be getting bent over
and rinsed on their golf memberships that they've bought.
Yeah, I would think so.
I mean, you look down in Florida and all over and like clubs,
they're 500 grand to join.
It's like how much longer stupid.
I know.
That's so stupid.
It's crazy.
To be in a golf club with people
you don't even like.
That's a good way to look at it.
I joined this club with all these people
I don't even like,
but the greens are good.
So Biz, that kind of wraps it up.
So we'll see what happens.
But I'm with you, buddy.
You've been saying we've got to do stuff with foreplay.
Me playing rigs, and it could be part of the Hater Series and on our YouTube.
That now has 356,000.
What was it last week?
Not a big deal.
What was it last week?
Was it 345?
355.
We've gained 1,000 thanks to G and Fish.
We got 1,000.
Last thing we'll leave you with is all of the
breast cancer awareness merch that we have put for sale um it's actually extended all of november
it's hockey fights cancer month it's a very special month everyone knows somebody who's been
affected and we're going to keep all that stuff on sale and all the proceeds go to breasties the
foundation granelli's worked with biz has the hoodie on right now. There's awesome stuff on the Barstool Sports Store. So check it out. Donate to a great cause
while getting a cool hoodie or shirt. And the Boston vlog from when we were just here,
we had the Five Iron event and we had a sandbagger with Tuca and Andrew Raycroft. That vlog will drop
on Thursday. So exciting time.
We also had a BU game.
So we get to see some of the beautiful Aganis Arena on this Boston vlog.
So check that out on Thursday.
And we will be back to you next Tuesday, buddy.
I can't wait.
We're going to be with Yans.
We're going to be doing a bagger in Florida.
And we get to see each other.
So looking forward to it.
Can't wait.
Go Leafs go, baby.
Peace.
