Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is Boston Sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby.
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinnelli, Spittin' Chicklets!
What up, what up, folks?
Welcome to episode 531 of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Very, very special episode coming up today.
We're at Keith Yandel's beautiful house in Fort Lauderdale.
Biz is right next to me.
But before we get to those two,
I got to talk about that this show is sponsored by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Pink Whitney's own New Amsterdam Vodka.
The Birdie Buckets.
And the Birdie Buckets will and have been flowing.
We have a sandbagger coming out with Tuka Rask and Andrew Raycroft,
November 20th.
Birdies galore.
Birdie Buckets. We did a sandbagger yesterday with Dar Tuka Rask and Andrew Raycroft November 20th. Birdies galore. Birdie buckets.
We did a sandbagger yesterday with Darcy Tucker and Steve Thomas.
Unreal match.
The birdie juice was flowing.
So shout out New Amsterdam.
Shout out Pink Whitney.
And what is going on, folks?
The big old bottle, Keith Yannel to my right.
How you doing?
What's up, boys?
Thanks for coming down to beautiful South Florida.
Come visit me.
Have a nice little couple days with you guys we owe him the thanks because guys we have uh roberto luongo that we just finished the interview took about 15 minutes basically talking about how
awesome of a conversation it was all thanks to yance even even luongo says you'll hear him i
don't do podcasts but i did it for keith and his kids and his kids and then he i think it was
actually 95 his kids keith like no offense but i I think it was actually 95 his kids, Keith.
No offense.
I'll take the five.
Yeah, I golfed with him last week, and I was like,
hey, Wittenbiz are coming in town.
You think you could do it?
He's like, I don't really do podcasts.
I'm like, please, man.
And he was like, all right, I'll do it.
You said he's not a very good golfer, though.
I didn't say that.
That's a charm.
No, he's actually, he's all right.
His hands are too big.
But he's getting better. I think he just kind of started. He's getting, every No, he's actually, he's all right. His hands are too big, but he's getting better.
I think he just kind of started.
He's getting, every time I play with him,
he's gotten better and better.
He's got a Shaquille O'Neal size.
I mean, you look like size 15.
Yes, it's Joe Bob.
If you're watching on the YouTube, and if you're not,
please go to our YouTube and subscribe.
It really helps.
Biz loves talking about numbers.
How many subscribers are there?
356, keep the change. So we haven't biz loves talking how many subscribers are 356
keep the change so we haven't gotten any this week we were 356 last week probably because we're
being braggadocious about it yeah but if you do but if you do go subscribe and watch on this one
not only will you get to see liberto luongo in the flesh but also a little bit of memorabilia
back here where we have two of keith yandall's all-star jerseys uh his thousandth game
plaque or yeah a thousand career games you played over a thousand in a row too do you have a plaque
for that i didn't play over a thousand in a row stay off oh that was castle wikipedia live i thought
whoa i thought you were the iron man i was till kessel beat it oh no it wasn't a thousand what
was it i 9 20 no 9 No, 9.90 or 9.
Oh, it was right there, Biz. I didn't think it was that close.
I think you got to say sorry.
Well, I didn't even get a 1,000.
So you stole the apology.
I wasn't chirping you. I was just...
Correcting?
Yeah, correcting.
Don't be doing more on that. I'll kick you off the podcast.
The other thing that if you're watching on YouTube, go subscribe.
You'll see the shirts we're wearing.
Oh, yeah.
We've teamed up with the nhl alumni association and it's a merch collection where we got myself we got merles we got keith yelling song with his head up we got biz nasty who
requested with the pa that there was a little blood coming out of his face on his character
on the bench yeah he's putting in the he's he's putting in the, what do you connect the music with?
The aux cord.
He's holding an aux cord.
He's still bleeding.
Maybe we can reprint them and add that.
That's a genius idea.
Everyone else is on the ice.
I figured we'd make them very authentic and sell the shit out of them.
And as Whit mentioned, for the Alumni Association, 25th year anniversary, we're doing special
with Heels, doing special interviews all season long.
Featured from the NHL Alumni Association.
As well as donating 1,000 for every goal that Alexander Ovechkin scores.
Oh, wow.
This sicko has 10.
10 goals already.
He needs 32 more goals.
And I know biz, it has to be next year.
But if you can't see, every time he scores scores he got two on sunday night or was it
saturday night it's just like there's another one there's another one and you can't tell me
we had this discussion last week they're coming to the end of this year with the capitals looking
like they will be in a firm playoff spot the season might have just gone down the drain with
me saying that but with them competing as well as they have with this good of a team and him lighting
it up it's looking like a legend i was coming from a marketing perspective and going
head-to-head with you were thinking this season you know uh in in october and then a little bit
into november if it were to get stretched out but at this point i think it's imminent he's going to
break it at the end of the season what were your thoughts on that would you like to see him break
it at the end of this year or drag in the next season about 12 to 15 games because the nhl could get a little bit more love
well i think for him obviously for him he wants to do it this year and get it over with and you
know just focus on you know playing games but i think right now it helps because their team's
playing well he's playing well um it's probably taking the focus off of it a little bit more
because they're playing so good um but it could also be one of those things where you're coming down to the end of the
end of the season getting into playoffs the seeding and him scoring huge goals like
overtime i could see it towards the end of the year happening where it's like
must win games must watch tv against pittsburgh who knows if something like that game 82 give it
to me yeah against crosby and malkin, his fellow countrymen.
What gets me changing my mind a little bit with his smart takes?
No, the craziest stat I saw of the week, I don't understand it.
It was the first time that Ovi and Sid have both been named
one of the top three stars the same week in their career.
Wait, what?
So the league does the top three start the week every week this year they were both in the top this
week they were both past week they're both in the top three that had never happened before what it
makes i i i think i retweeted like this isn't true they're making this up and just shocking news to
see him still do it it's wild but you But you did mention like, you know, Sunday.
When did we just talk about Sunday?
No, we're talking about the Alumni Association.
And I got talking about Ovi because of the donation.
You were talking about Ovi.
But I wanted to get to.
We are doing a live show in Chicago.
This is right around the Winter Classic.
This is going to be incredible.
We tried to do our first ever there.
People know.
No audio.
Bad audio.
Tough look.
Really tough look for the boys but
we're back so we got december 29th 4 p.m biz wants to go against goodell he wants to he wants to talk
about and have nhl games all sunday we're going to give you a live show there's gonna be no one
at the bears game bears don't play biz and the bears they stink one of the most pathetic franchises
in all sports truly they they don't play, and the Hawks play at 7.
We're at 4.
A little pre-drink.
Tickets on sale this Thursday, 12 p.m. Eastern, noon,
barstoolsports.com slash events.
And these special shirts that we were just talking about,
you can also buy those on the Barstool Canada and U.S. store,
10 a.m. right now.
You're probably listening to this.
You can go buy one of these shirts.
It's sick. Just maybe wait until they put biz's uh ox cord into his his newer version how
good of a hockey day will that be go to the live show then go to the hawks game oh dream dream
that's a great day well hawks hopefully will start playing a little better i don't know
necessarily about we're gonna try to line up some pretty special guests to come out and surprise i
don't think we're gonna name all of them in advance of it all but keith you're going to be there i'm sure the whack pack merles
and army will be there chick it's memes is gonna be use accent or his voice who memesy i'm going to
chicago you're going so i know a girl there met her on an app a couple years back she loves the
knights do go night go memesy i can't wait to see that kid so down in florida
right now we mentioned the sandbagger we did have you ever gotten ice cream with biz keith
i have definitely have but i mean it's probably just like anytime he orders anything it's oh
here we go it was one of the most chaotic was he try everything i've brought i've brought don't
even say i've brought five six-year-old kids to get ice cream after a baseball game yeah
that was like going to a spa and having a relaxation day of meditation and massage
compared to going to get ice cream we're sitting there fish goes goes, easy order. G goes, no problem, sir.
Pasha goes, at this point, he's had, I saw five.
Can I get a sample?
He asked for five.
And the girl's eyes started being like, all right, I think this has to wrap up at some point.
Pasha notices while I'm noticing.
So then we kind of make eye contact.
Like, dude, are you watching what's going on right now?
I get on my phone.
I start videoing it.
He doesn't even see the phone.
He's in his own world.
He's like, oh, that.
Can I get a little sample of that one?
Nine little spoons in his hand.
She cut him off.
No, she didn't.
Yeah, she did.
That's a fucking lie.
Was he not cut off?
He was cut off.
And then it was said that Pasha said,
what is the most samples you've ever given?
She's like, four until this guy showed up.
This woman, her brain was fried.
Can the defense take the stand?
Sure.
Can the defense take?
I think that if you're going to get three scoops of ice cream,
mind you, I only ended up getting two scoops of ice cream.
I think you should be able to sample at least two kinds get three scoops of ice cream mind you i only ended up getting two scoops of ice cream i think
you should be able to sample at least two kinds until you make a decision on one of the scoops
and i was going you want six for three scoops you want six samples i just want to try these
they have homemade flavors like the for instance the pistachio you go so it's like every other
pistachio no man they had fresh pistachio.
It was like homemade ice cream.
So I tried it.
And to the point where the pistachios had a little bit of like,
they were soft.
So it was delicious.
So that was going to be one of my flavors.
So I ended up trying like the, not the birthday cake,
the cotton candy.
Did it taste like cotton candy?
I give my kids one try because every fucking ice cream,
it's vanilla, cookies, and cream.
You know every single one, but then if they have a mystery one, you can try that. They had a Snickers version.
All right, who knows what a Snickers tastes like?
Yeah.
I know, but their version of it might not be appealing.
So I tried it.
I wasn't that crazy about it.
I moved on to a different one, which was the vanilla with chocolate chunk, which I did like.
So I decided on.
So I don't think it's that ridiculous so you people listening if you think that you're able to get two samples for every scoop that you end up deciding on six samples for three scoops have
thank you have my back and i don't know why the fuck posh is laughing but posh if you get two
he likes the devil by the time he was done getting samples they were putting in the waffle
cones for tomorrow's ice cream it was nuts the guy's like all right it was like time to make
the donuts like and i'm like biz you got better than wit taking a shit with the invisible oh my
god so listen to this so this sloan's ice cream in del rey there's one right here atlantic have
awesome awesome that's the place and i will say about the ice cream all of them being very similar
in the same i'm a chocolate chip guy there's either the big chocolate chips or the little ones i don't
like the big ones neither do i i love the big ones so but but this is like what's cotton candy
tastes like dude you've been you've been to a carnival in your life yeah it tastes like that
sugar that's different colors yeah so in this place there's a bathroom and you see into the bathroom until you
lock the door and then it so there's like this long line and and and right like the kids were
kind of like oh my god like you're gonna be able to see him go to the bathroom boom it locks in the
in the window blacks out so i was like all right brief film kind of wait kind of a bizarre thing
to have in a kid's eye and this story i creepy. And this story, I mean, there'll probably be people
who hear this and be like, yeah, which should
probably be on a list somewhere.
It's got a smile you're on
camera side.
This is trying
ice cream in the shitter.
I said, Brie, film
this because the kids were kind of so amazed by
it and I just walked in like goofy
and didn't lock the door and just quickly got that like it's it's wait what i said when you see when you see on
the toilet you can obviously tell i'm no problems here no problems legally but yeah but i sat there
i sat there just pretending to smash and rider was in you you can see through riders losing his mind
like and then i got out my brother-in-law's dying laughing and and he's like dude are there any other
kids in this line now there was like some teenagers in the back but the whole point of this
point of the story is so i'm telling these guys this it's not gonna be on the podcast anymore
sorry guys all of a sudden chris hansen walks in why don't you take a seat why don't you take a seat he's like we have footage from sloan's ice cream in 2018 um so i i these
guys like didn't believe me or whatever and i said they send me that video so i sent it to the chat
this morning and army and merle's aren't with us and i said here it is and an army's so confused
because it looks like a it legit looks like a kid's candy store
or a kid's clothing store from what you can see on the video I sent.
And I'm like, yeah, I got arrested.
Kind of a disaster.
A little bit of a problem.
And the guys are kind of laughing, responding.
And then R.M.E. texted me and said, bro, are you out?
Who arrested you?
Do you need bail money?
Dude, that's coming tomorrow now, but it hasn't happened yet.
So, yeah, interesting night get nice. and then another story comes out about biz wait wait before we get there before we get there you do document a lot on your phone and you showed us a video of
when you were in russia yeah i talk about have you ever seen these videos of these like i've
seen some crazy videos the what do you call those planes like f i have no idea i i guess we could
post them on the youtube we we talked about in the very early days of spit and shit yeah we have
so do i just describe it or we just drop i want you to describe describe it yeah and we're going
to post it on the youtube if you subscribe yeah okay that's fair enough this isn't even planned
it sounds like we're just like forcing you through tricks no no i'm just kidding you don't have to subscribe just go watch youtube i i was in sochi and we lived in the olympic
village and it was just like the team there was probably enough rooms to have a thousand athletes
i don't know exactly but there was a nice hotel and then the team was in the olympic village it's
right on the black sea so my place there was a little bit of a you know an outside area to sit a balcony and you're it was beautiful view right over the black sea it was a beautiful
it was night very nice weather there for russia warm quite often didn't really snow and i would
have the window open a lot you know it's like 55 60 out or the door open and one of the days i heard
like what sounded like a plane very close like like an enormous plane, the noise of the engine.
And I went outside.
I'm like, what the fuck?
And there is a monster plane flying what you guys could correct me
looks to be about 200 feet above the water.
Oh, my God.
Looking like a, not a 747, but the next one that would go Atlanta to Boston, say.
You know?
And there's a boat coming. and the boat is driving one way and the plane is flying overhead the other and immediately drops
what looks like 40 000 gallons of some sort of liquid on these people driving the boat and i'm
like and then next thing you know and you'll hear the video, it's like boat police flying upon the boat that just got sky dumped upon by the Russian airliner.
And I was like, what the fuck?
And then the next day I hear the same thing.
I'm like, no.
And I go out in this time as opposed to you'll see in the video.
Subscribe to the YouTube.
The plane flying kind of along and in front of my place.
Well, this time this plane is flying directly of along and in front of my place. Well, this time,
this plane is flying directly at my building, directly at my building. And I'm like, what is
going on here? And what looks further away than when, what I remember in person, the plane just
goes up over the top gun plane move. And I'm like, how the fuck did that big plane just pull up that
quick? And I never, I remember putting it on Instagram. I've always had a private Instagram move and i'm like how the fuck did that big plane just pull up that quick and i never i remember
putting it on it's like i've always had a private instagram and i remember putting on that and
people were like what the fuck and i'm like yeah and i asked the russian players we were showing
uh darcy tucker this the other night and he had asked like did you ever ask anyone about it i'm
like yeah so i kind of showed the video to a couple russian players and asked them about it
and like anything else when you ask russian players they just say it's russia i so what
were they doing what were they dropping and they so we i had no idea fish during dinner decided to
maybe google it i'm not even really going to go into what he's saying it possibly could have been
in which it's like trying to hose off dropping things on ukrainian boats that were delivering
things like now we're getting into geopolitical warfare type conversation but this is before i just think
it's the bo they had probably that they're trying to rinse it was axe body spray it was a army plane
no it didn't there was nothing on it no there's nothing on it just sheet metal that they welded
together just dropping out the like porta potty section of the plane under these poor boaters
who probably just caught a three-eyed fish out of the black sea so incredible experience but um
the other story that came out about biz and i don't know where this came from this was uh
when me and pasha were going to get camera equipment downtown vancouver for biz does bc
so early days like we we know each other but not nearly as much as now and i bump into i think it's
this guy that i kind of already knew and you know when you're kind of jammed up and your wheels are
spinning and you're thinking about a million other things and you're trying to be polite
and he was with his girlfriend and i right away i was like hey what's up man hey is this your mom
and it was just who was that is like and then he's like what do you do what was his girlfriend
that was probably 25 years old and she obviously just you know maybe looked a little bit older so
it was just one of those like hey uh when you do and they're not pregnant probably not as bad as
that but the conversation the end of the conversation was pretty awkward to say the least
and when we walked away posh was just like bro like what the fuck was that why this is the business
oh yeah sorry cte's concussion well you can walk you can talk yourself out of anything five s5
one l5 s1 so that was another l in my life me and posh have been together for some very very
weird experiences most of the time
it's when we sit down for dinner where i mean you probably don't shock her to you me ordering
why why why do you have an issue with my orders it was crazy you used to do all right we're gonna
share share gotta share yeah then you went through that phase where everyone share everything and
then but sharing with him is him eating everything and leaving one slice of you know sushi uh no fish was sitting beside me yesterday and they did it and we ordered
uh two of each pasta so everybody got a half order of each pastas two steaks everybody got a half a
steak and then same with the appies guys if you're listening and you like having a little like tour
of italy so to speak where you get to taste every little thing on the menu as opposed
to being pot committed to one thing and you might not like it i think you get together with a group
of guys at the group of guys at the table whoever wants to be involved and do that sort of thing but
these two guys every time i offer it up they're like they put their hand up we know you eat all of it and
we get a little half a slice of morsel hey it's like playing with a guy and and and you don't you
know you know you're never getting the puck from him you're like you see me open you see me open
you just never get it with you ordering we're never getting any of the food you're not distributing
so we've seen enough where last night we're distributing he had he had darcy tucker steve
thomas and fish to his right and he's like all right boys and he kind of bullies you into it no and yes yes i had
and he's so much you like your job and and thomas uh stumpy's like hey wait you want to get all this
and right away i was like no he's like no he doesn't do this shit man he needs his own meal
i'm like oh like every person that goes out to dinner for the most part unless you're at magianos yeah hey i want fish to talk about this what was your experience
like dude he has corduroy shorts on you think he cares yeah no i got bullied into it for sure
i had i had my meal picked out and i knew right away as soon as you looked at me and you're like
it's a foursome it's a foursome i'm like all right i've lost the seat lottery on this one that ice cream with fish he's like we're gonna try
everything and you're gonna like it on his birthday last year in san jose and we were
getting ice cream it's the same deal i got my ice cream first i sit down by the time i finish
my ice cream he's like still sampling the ice cream and then gets his he's in none also how
how was the proportion at dinner
of what you got to eat of each meal though well i know because we've been doing this now for a
while so i know to eat fast like you got to get there quick so yeah it shouldn't be a ring that's
exactly it you know it shouldn't be like that it's done yeah like we got appies and we got like
a like a steak skewer like i didn't try the steak skewer because well i also
i got i got the salmon not to go into my entire order i got the miso salmon black rice incredible
order of avalon you can see it on the youtube avalon on it so i we have we have a picture of
the plate this is a jada podcast just talking about food oh fuck that's the only reason the longo came on we're just talking about
bacon pizzas the whole time but uh what was i saying oh and i got and i but i so but before
i ordered a smash burger because i was like i'll just have like half of that and i cut it in half
my anyone a half uh half burger and fish is like and business like oh it's like a great white
jumping over like pushes pushes tuna fish to get this like minnow he wanted.
So it's like we're going four ways.
He's like, no, I got my own meal.
I'm like, you want your family alive tomorrow?
You want to have a job to be a part of this podcast?
Oh, shit.
So that's kind of Florida so far.
So and a little word of advice to you people don't
ever ask is that your mother just let them do the talking of course yeah no one ever would
you don't have to tell anyone that no one is ever saying that in the history of mankind
like i don't even know if like a first grader would they'd be like oh no oh okay i'm taking
a few l's this pod we haven't uh other than keith on the show since
oh you know major breaking news around chicklets cop i was fired uh for the smirk hurled around
the world um keith then formed a team the boston stranglers bums and in the meantime of keith
building a squad to take down the big deal selects
top big deal select player justin pender has been in the the national news in canada yeah he's
yeah public enemy number one in all of canada right now cbc's all over him he's getting uh
death threats issued toward him um and obviously i'm going to be there for one of our fearless
leaders but i'll let you take the story as to what happened with but uh you know we got a bit of a predicament here do you think the only thing i'm confused
about is if this is a new league or not because g had mentioned he thought this was the first
year of this league i wasn't sure about senior senior hockey in newfoundland so i think that
it's been established a very long time maybe this particular organization or team is new
but i believe senior a hockey has been around for a very long time i this particular organization or team is new but i believe senior a hockey has been
around for a very long time i remember guys talking about senior a hockey it's forever like
donors dad played in it so in the article it said the launch of a new avalon east senior hockey league
has been marred by an offense altercation between some players and fans and harbor grace my favorite
thing about the whole story was they were like
here at dan cleary arena i was just danny cleary community center
he's probably sitting there like are you serious dude and i i've always called pender uh at our
games matthias ekholm he is 50 times meaner than matthias ekholm who plays with an edge
but pender is the guy in the most
recent chicklets cup he's like i'll cut your fucking throat off he's ogi or he is an animal
he plays angry if he's a machine while something happened on the ice and the original clip had
gone viral of him doing the fake baseball bat swing at the guy on the bench which then led to
the ref pushing him off the ice or escorting him off the ice as he kind of went after another guy who was talking shit and i think it was days later that this video came out where you know
those two fans come out of the crowd and all of a sudden other best part of this story was the
general manager of the team who released the statement it was like it was game four the
stanley cup finals and he had a top player being suspended he's like i don't agree with the call
uh justin bender is a great community member and this society appreciates him it's like it's senior hockey like it was a
straight up official general manager statement though but these fans get down low and they're
hollering at him from about what yeah where the dressing rooms are and the fans were kind of
taunting him and egging him on to come scrap yeah so and a lot of comments are like this is men's
league what are you doing
this is what happens when you have guys playing a physical sport which this men's league is way
more official than like a shinny hockey league back home they have gm they have
they have general managers and team presidents so i i get the juices get flowing pender's nuts
he's an animal these guys are yelling at him this is kind of what happens i i this is this is a fucking world where people like that have never
had their face caved in right exactly and they need one of those to smarten them the fuck up to
stop egging people on and they come down chirping at him like what do you think's gonna happen so
it just so happens justin pender is the type of guy that's gonna oblige that if you haven't seen
any of our chicklets cup videos he has no problem in gaining engaging in any type of physical altercation
so he goes down there starts throwing some hammers and all of a sudden i want to say he's completely
suspended from the league and can't even go to that arena anymore this article says he's been
suspended for three games but some say it isn't enough did they change it i think originally it sounded like he was going to be suspended forever so now i'm hearing that he's
getting three games maybe they've rescinded it but that's good news that he's only getting three
games probably based on all the things that his gm said about him which he's a good you know
community member and and all those things above but i'll say this we got one more year as an rfa
we got to get this guy signed and as a member of the big deal selects and really their owner um i'd be ready to hand the guy the seat and i think that he's not
only sending a message to those fucking punks in the hallway he's sending a message to the boston
stranglers who think they can just mosey on in to chicklets cup and beat some actual ball hockey
players well not only do we have guys who can put the puck in the net or the ball excuse me we have some guys that can cave your faces in because the boston stranglers apparently are
built on on on scoring goals and winning no on trying to bully people i think we got a little
bit we got a nice healthy uh like louis like louis talking about you bill you we got a little bit of
grit and we got some finesse and we'll be fine. Don't worry about our team. The quote is unbelievable.
If your GM says this about you, how happy would you be?
I'll stand with him until the day he dies.
It's probably his uncle.
I mean, that is like...
Is this also not the guy who didn't show up
for one of your games?
No, no, that was our con man.
That was con man.
Not mention Justin Penner is actually the GM of the team too,
so he acts as both.
That's why.
As an alias. So that's huge. That he acts as both. That's why. As in alias?
So that's huge.
That's huge for us.
That's such a morale thing.
That galvanizes our group, my favorite word I like to use.
And we're ready to go in a Chicklets Cop.
So anytime.
He might not be able to travel though.
He's going to get arrested for that, no?
We'll get him in on a PJ.
Okay.
Yeah, exactly.
Illegally.
Bring him in over on a boat.
What's that OHL team?
Like busting some of the imports
on the bottom of the i think the berry colts got caught at the the detroit border trying to smuggle
a guy over to go play plymouth and then at the time i think it was maybe lake erie or not erie
uh erie otters erie otters imagine how uncomfortable that was on the bus been freezing i think they i
think they pulled over before they got to the border like
you know five minutes before no no five minutes before they got there he would get off he didn't
have to right after the game that's it's four hours that i just it's four hours the guys are
getting on with pizzas they're like go ahead bud he's in the wet man that was worse than anything
you've said exactly suck on that karma on that. Karma's a bitch.
Hey, but if you think.
Rest in peace.
But if you played bad, you did have to do the whole ride in the ball.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do you think that that video is intimidating the Stranglers?
I got texts from my team like, does this guy think he's putting any fear into our team?
Our team, we eat that for lunch.
Really?
What do you say about that?
Yeah.
Breakfast lunch.
You think you have a tougher player on your team than justin
yes oh yeah yeah you want to like show give me a name no i'm not doing names yet okay i'm worried
about this gonna make a roster announcement close to the attorney have we announced the location yet
is it going to be in boston no g no we're not sure yet okay still we're still looking we're only
we're only playing if it's in boston i would love to go to your city and fucking bend you boys over.
No spit, no loose hair.
I'd love to try to fight one of my fans.
Okay.
Them fighting words.
Back to, I guess, also professional hockey,
just on a grander scale, the national hockey.
Yeah.
I guess the Winnipeg Jets have made us look beyond foolish.
Worse than last year,
where Army was the only one to pick them to
do anything now they're coming back they got the fraud squad comment last year they got worked in
the first round 14 and one the best start in the history of the nhl and i i we've talked about them
every episode you're kind of waiting for them to possibly slow down nope they are a wagon hellebuck
with maybe the one of the funniest
chants of the year by winnipeg fans chanting a u.s backup u.s backup at jake ottinger when
they're playing now my god because hellebuck has come out and been incredible he signs that deal
right him and shifley on the same day i believe everyone was kind of shocked i thought that they
were gonna you know look towards the future and probably trade them for a lot of assets in return shovel day off has done just an exceptional job
you talk about all the adversity you have not getting you know big time free agents uh they're
not shy to spend money but from just drafting developing making great trades and and keeping
guys who want to play there that's that's not necessarily easy if you said you know if you pulled the nhl
players and you said where would the last place you'd want to play in the nhl i bet you a majority
of them would say probably winnipeg or maybe edmonton not when they're good but oh sure but
just from a living standpoint like you're if they were all me there's nothing really to do socially
you're in canada so you're going to get mobbed.
Like, hey, listen, I'm just being honest.
I would have played anywhere because I would have just been grateful to be in the league.
Do you not agree with that comment?
Yeah, 100.
And that's why I think you made a good point with Shovel Day off doing such a good job of building his team, you know, through drafting guys that want to.
We talked to Shifley.
I was doing the Amazon, the thing with nhl and you could
just tell like a guy like him he loves being there yes he's you know i hate to say the word
nerd hockey nerd i think he'd call himself that but he goes to the rink he watches his games at
home and you know he's just he's there for hockey and he's probably like hey listen i'm gonna no
distractions 15 20 years of my life live here and, and hopefully win some cups and be in Canada, the mecca of hockey.
I think that Shovel Day has done an unbelievable job of just obviously
making tough decisions that they'd had to with Blake Wheeler,
a guy that had been there, moving on from him.
It's just what he's built.
When you have the best goalie in the world, obviously it helps a lot.
That Connor, too.
Kyle fucking connor the
electric factory i don't know if you heard his interview on here he's the best he's insane every
year he he lights it up quietly we've always talked about it right now it would be different
but going into the season last year if you talk about usa best on best like he's never like the
first name people say he would never be a shoe-in no i no i think the point was he always is a shoe-in but fans when you think of usa stars
yeah he's down the list part of it being in winnipeg but yeah him and scheife and then
ehlers who's like all over the trade rumors all summer ufa season or might have one more year
no i think he's done after this year season ufa season
he's lighting it up we talked about him last year as the all-time um danish scoring leader he broke
that record our last pod yeah it just keeps being winnipeg everything's coming up winnipeg and the
amazing part was somehow you clown leafs fans you still made this like record a little bit about
yourselves i saw everywhere 14 and one best start
ever i tweeted they're drumming everyone not everyone we beat them leafs come to one loss
thanks guys thanks guys they're 14 and one it's not all about you toronto biz and i know in your
head you're like we got you like to correct me when i'm over ordering or over sampling and you
know maybe they just wanted to keep you honest witty boy very true so Leafs fans they gave it they're the only ones with any sort of
bragging rights over the Winnipeg Jets and I guess we're going to say all year it like this is
awesome story it's really shocking to see for some but it doesn't really matter until the playoffs
it's like the Leafs actually people people don't think they're like they're like oh this doesn't
mean nothing I think that I go back to the tampa bay when they ended up losing to
columbus when they had the when they win the president's trophy that year where sometimes
you have to go through those like embarrassing moments a lot of them though i understand i
understand they've had a lot of them but sometimes you have to go through those embarrassing moments
where i don't think expectations that have ever been that high to only win one game in playoffs you know the one year they ended up going i believe to the conference
finals against who nashville i think vegas got them and lost or was washington that's right it
was vegas and their inaugural season but i just think sometimes you have to go through that and
i don't think the expectation is they were going to have a hot start because they would still be
you know emotionally rattled from getting embarrassed and you know like like ehlers is a coming up free
agent uh hella buck you know i don't think he had necessarily the best playoff so how is he going to
respond and they're right back to business as usual and and i don't think everybody had anybody
had this expectation and another thing too is that game against dallas when they were chanting
america's backup to Ottinger,
it was a sellout.
And I don't think that that had happened yet.
It had one, I thought.
One other one.
Maybe it was the home opener.
Your team's on a heater like this.
I know.
Listen, the economy's not great there.
It's the warmest place in the city.
I get that.
And I don't think that they get that corporate sponsorship like everywhere else.
But just add more adversity into what they got going on
makes it even that much more special, in my opinion.
The way that it's shaping up right now,
and you can go back to Paul Maurice's comments
when he was like, I want Winnipeg to win a cup.
You look at Winnipeg and Florida right now.
Hey, that's a tough one to walk back once you play them.
I take it back, man.
It's like, sorry about that.
I meant next year.
I just never thought they'd get there. Yeah offense so that would that would be a fun uh i mean we're in
november but i just don't i i i can't take you seriously if you don't think that they should be
listed as a stanley cup contender they have uh they have an immense amount of depth up front
they have a vesna goal winning goaltender who's won two who's probably going to win a third if
he continues as such uh a hall of famer i think that with pionk and after morrissey and pionk
it gets a little thin on the back end but they'll have the opportunity to go make a big trade and
get somebody at the deadline which if you look like i think that top to bottom they're more
impressive than than than edmonton yeah you're
always coming at edmonton i'm going i'm going after what people would consider the contenders
in the west which would be dallas which would be edmonton which would be vegas and maybe some
people might have la in there maybe some people wouldn't they've had a great start van weird
season so far very weird season so but i think that the the at least
the three big ones would be dallas edmonton and vegas coming in people have said for sure
contenders in the west i think top to bottom they're just as impressive if not more than
than all those three teams i look at them as a stanley cup contender i do it's just all about
i also look at the leafs as a stanley cup contender but i don't like it's just all about, I also look at the Leafs as a Stanley cup contender,
but I don't like,
it's just part of me that thinks neither one of those teams will get it done.
That's that.
But,
but yeah,
they are right there when you talk about top of the league.
I mean,
look at their record and they're fun to watch.
It's,
it's,
it's an exciting,
they just roll lines.
And when we talked about all off season,
about the winners and the losers,
Nashville was the winner.
Nashville crushed everyone.
And Winnipeg was a loser.
And I think on the post free agency deadline episode we did,
we're like, what the hell?
You didn't do anything.
And look at what's happened as we go down to Nashville now.
They spent all this dough.
They had all these expectations.
Barry Trotz is like balls to the wall i saw um
a tweet or a video of philippe forrestberg saying like the group chat was going bananas on july 1st
and it's been the exact opposite as the winnipeg jets who sucked in the summer it's crazy and now
that trotz has come out and people have talked about the rebuild comment and like maybe i'll
have to rebuild it's ridiculous it can't happen but it's shocking to see what's happened there's 17 points
out of the first spot in the central i think i think he knows exactly what he's doing he's just
trying to light a fire under their ass right now i think that uh any team that's led by guys like
ryan o'reilly you have to imagine they turn it around last year um you know they were out of
playoffs and they go on that magical run now you have even more time to figure things out
you have a guy like you're not worried i'm i'm not worried based on the response with less time
to deal with last year and the fact that i truly believe that it's just the the gm trying to light
a spark underneath these guys yeah he can't mean that right he spent a hundred and something million this this all it's like you adopt a dog
and it just won't stop barking you're just like i gotta return yeah sorry this isn't working out
yeah that's a hell of an analogy you're you're locked in with these guys
biz i'm sticking to my you're saying you're saying hold on but guys you you have to get
acclimated to a new team
new systems like you know guys might not be passing it on the power play exactly where
you're used to getting it like stam coast isn't getting feeds from from cooch but the guy's
probably going to be a hall of famer himself so he'll have the ability to figure it out
you have another guy who came in who got paid a ton of money on a five-year deal
marchi who who fucking i mean he won a con smith
so if you don't believe that this group of leaders and veterans can figure it out i mean i guess i
just don't agree with you and i just i think the state was more to light a thunder fire under their
ass and i think evangelista was asked about it after the one game and he goes i just think in
the locker room we just need to play with a little bit more piss and vinegar and we need to get a
little bit angry i think they came in like hey we just need to play with a little bit more piss and vinegar, and we need to get a little bit angry.
I think they came in like, hey, we spent all this money.
We got these goal scores.
It's going to be a little bit easy.
And I think it was Army who made the point, or maybe Merle's like, you know, some of the
young guys might be a little tentative to take their spots and not want to step on those
veterans' toes coming in, where I think what makes a healthy environment is competing for
those PP1 times in those those
first line minutes so maybe there's been too much delegation where it needs to be more competitive
again yeah I was just going to say like they're they're a team too right and I think Andrew
Burnett's a great coach I had him in Florida he's awesome gets the most out of guys players coach too
and uh I just think when they do get it going they're going to be a problem to play against
in playoffs if they have to battle back if they do somehow find their way in no one's going to
want to play them i wasn't even saying that i don't think they can i just you can run out of
time quick it becomes late early as they say and and if you don't figure it out at some point here
the old american thanksgiving thing but no i'm not i am them off. I just like, we talked about leadership.
I like how the accountability is in the locker room.
I think Ryan O'Reilly,
that was like two or three games ago,
he said that was one of the worst games I've ever played.
So there's a lot of looking in the mirror right now
and going back to what you said,
like their coaching staff and their head coach,
he's great, he's experienced, he's played the game.
I think they're going to turn this around
and going back to Trotz's comments, I don't think he meant that in any regard i think that was strictly
using the media to play with your team i know you just brought up brunette and he's done a hell of
a job many people were like how do you get rid of him in florida after that season he did great with
nashville but it is is as we come upon the time of you're going to see coaches fired, this league's nuts.
Is there ever a chance Trotz would end up being behind the bench of this team?
Halleloo?
Now, it's crazy and maybe too difficult to do full-time both.
I think everyone said that now.
But you don't want Brunette to lose his job at all.
But if he does and he comes in and he's like the, what do they call it?
The interim.
You never know.
You never know. If you keep losing, that'll be the first thing to happen he can't really trade anyone that's yeah i didn't know you were going to talk about that um i would have how many years does
brunette have left because nashville doesn't exactly have a ton of money so it's a little
tricky getting in the money of firing coaches and then having to pay a guy who's who's not actually
working and then rehiring another guy you did say trots interim maybe till the rest of the year i think it's just a spitball
yeah no i hear you just because he's he's been so good as a coach right he was an unreal coach
all those years in the nhl so it's a crazy story we got to keep our eye on i just mean if they
don't get going soon they are in one they did put fabbro on waivers that was a change that claimed and and i i think
that columbus right yeah i think that uh keifer sure would move and you know sometimes that money
who goes to pay those two stars that come in you know you can't afford a guy like that where
i think that was a big miss that was an energy guy that would would drag you into the fight
night in night out i think he's leading the league in hits right now. He's a spark plug.
He does have a little bit of finish when he gets his opportunities.
So sometimes you like that big, shiny free agent toy
where maybe you're saying goodbye to a foundational player
who wasn't going to make nearly as much money,
but he's a heart and soul guy.
Before we go any further, guys, we need to talk about game time.
And the Winter Classic is coming up at Wrigley on New Year's Eve.
We cannot wait to get out there.
Plus, right now, hockey fans could save on tickets with a game time exclusive 25 off when using zone deals with game time.
This deal is only available until December 2nd.
So fire up the game time app and get your Winter Classic tickets now.
With game time zone deals, you choose your zone and GameTime chooses your specific seats
and you get peace of mind with GameTime's lowest price guarantee. If it's your first time buying
with GameTime, you can enter the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase. Terms apply.
There's nothing like seeing a winter classic live. Get 25 off with zone deals on GameTime,
the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. What time is it?
Game time.
Keith, we got to get your opinion.
And Biz, I want to hear you on what's going on in Boston.
The Sens, they got him in overtime.
That was my little call last week that the Sens could be better than the Bruins this year.
Monty, do you think he's on the hot seat?
Keith, we talked about this this prior and he had some comments
about Zdorov where he said yeah there's times he's really figuring out our system and and
playing well and then there's other times he's kind of on his own and then also Pierre Maguire
I don't know what podcast he was on talking about it he said that maybe the knock on Zdorov and
keep in mind this is Z zadorov if you're listening
this is not my quote this is sometimes he's maybe not as receptive to uh to criticism and maybe
adapting to uh to a system playing a certain style yeah and you know he's bounced around quite a bit
so sometimes it's hard getting used to new ones and if you're constantly on the move boston is
obviously a very structured team they have team rules when they're playing defensively maybe when not to take chances
offensively and and maybe risk your plays to their degree what what is your feeling on not
only those comments he made but monty's situation in general i i don't think monty should be on the
hot seat obviously there's probably talk about it and speculations because it's Boston and the fans are into it as much as they are.
But I just look at how long has he been there?
This is his third year?
I mean, that's not a huge sample size, three years.
I think you've got to give him at least the season,
at least the time to battle back because looking on paper,
they're a team that should be in the playoffs.
We talked about all their signings with the big d men you know
trying to be a more physical team stuff like that but i do not think he should be on the hot seat
or get fired i think he's done a good job since he's been there uh it looks like the guys all
love him you look at the comments after him and march he got into it on the bench and march he's
at the stage of his career he can say whatever whatever he wants, right? He's the captain of that team. If he was having beef with
Monty, there probably would have been something said, but yeah, I think he's a guy that can,
you know, help those guys get into the direction that they need to be. My thing is, I don't know
if they're kind of like, they're one of those teams that have, you know, four or five guys that
could be on the, you know, four nations team team and like are they gripping their sticks too hard right now to make
that team to you know put out a you know some good tape to be on those teams so for me right now it
just doesn't seem like the bruins that we've seen the last you know five to ten years right it's like
it's like they've lost their identity a little bit as a team defensively they used to be so hard
to play against they'd just be in there quick on you they got out of their zone better than anyone
so um yeah i don't know but monty like has a gm ever been fired in the middle of a season
that happened it definitely has i don't like maybe we can look that one up last gm to be
fired in the middle of an nhl season but that's a lot of the argument from bruins fans like well
when do the guys up top end up?
And I sound biased because of our little preseason beef with the Bruins,
but it's just been a weird thing watching them.
They just, like, who are they up to?
They were up two goals to Calgary.
I think they were up 3-1.
All of a sudden it goes to OT.
It's just, yeah, the old Bruins have just kind of finishing out games,
getting the lead, good defense, good goalies,
Swayman missed camp.
Maybe he kind of starts playing a little bit better.
But the goaltending around the league is bizarre.
There's no predicting what goalie is going to be good each year
besides Shesterkin and Hellebuck in the regular season.
So I agree with you guys.
I don't think he's on the hot seat or shouldn't be,
but it got my wheel spinning where they're 500 right now after 16 games um wit goes they're going to be 500 after 82 games so if the 40 game mark if they're
actually still 500 and they're not in a playoff spot with this group do you think that the that
the temperature raises on that situation or do you think that he's just going to finish out the season
and then they would just maybe bring in someone else and or re-sign them yeah hey well jarmo kekaline was fired last year in the middle
of the season so stay hot hockey podcast couldn't go one year and remember that one um today we had
a this is monday so you're listening i asked a hypothetical i'm sorry i'm sorry no no you're
just reading g's note there after 500 or after 40
games that they're still 500 what do you say then like do you still think also another thing too is
q still available todd mcclellan todd mcclellan still there but more more so q like i feel like
that's a piece that some like a contending team an original six would really want considered he's
been reinstated he's not going to go to somebody who's doing a rebuild.
He's not.
So there's a select few teams, right?
So if Edmonton's 500 after 30, 35 games,
there's going to be a team to make maybe a little bit more
of a compulsive move to think that if that's the missing piece
and we have a good enough group of guys,
let's go get them now.
Won't be Boston.
Won't be Boston.
Won't be Boston.
Then say your piece.
You seem to think if they were to move on from Monty,
they would hire a guy named Joe Sacco.
Joe Sacco this summer.
He's been with the program since 2014.
The Bruins love going back to old coaches.
They did it with Bruce Cassidy.
They gave him a second chance. This summer, Joe Sacco was promoted from assistant coach to associate coach.
Being told that going into this season, Monty's on a short leash.
He doesn't have a contract signed.
They told him that?
From sources I've been told.
Wow.
Here we go.
From sources I've been told.
Here we go.
Your sources are saying that Sweeney and Neely told Joe Sacco,
hey, if we fire Monty, you're our guy.
Yep, that's what I've been told.
Oh, I love this shit.
Like going behind each other.
Well, more just saying,
hey, there is some uncertainty here with our head coach.
He doesn't have a contract signed.
Maybe at the time it was like,
hey, we're nowhere close.
We're nowhere close with this guy.
Which is even crazier
because he's coming off of winning a a president's trophy
and then they have that year that they had losing their first two-line center so yeah but i wouldn't
say bruins fans would say it's been a successful run with monty because look at the playoffs
look at the playoffs is all that matters they've had it's playoffs in boston that's it you're the
best you're the best regular season in fucking regular season history you're losing
the first round that's unsuccessful last six season that was unsuccessful i've been a monty
guy since day one but all signs are pointing to joey sacco medford finest coming in and saving
the day that's why he's got the north shore scoops that's why they're getting roast beef
and okay so knowing this information i'll throw it to you two guys if they don't bring back
monty and or fire him and hire joe sacco as their head coach as opposed to going after q
are they out of their fucking minds oh yes you if you didn't at least call quenville
i i think you're nuts i think the mitchell miller stuff plays into this i think that they got
canceled really bad for the mitchell miller stuff a few years back and now they don't want to go
down that road again wow think about that and and and that's that's confirmed as well that's why i
jumped in there and said i talked to someone this morning and i said coach q they said they will not
go down that road i could be wrong i'm wrong majority of the time but i was told they were taking a stab
at it the rumor boys are in the mix right now massachusetts like elizabeth warren could be
mad about hiring q if if this isn't true i think we'll probably be hearing from the bruins uh g
will be okay we won't be you guys can shave my head on air if they hire oh here we go what they
hire coach q you can shave my head on you can give
me a big q tattoo on my leg how about that all right here we go big q tattoo on my leg if you
want to do that shave the head okay um in other bruins news uh portra was sent down today okay
and i think it makes sense i think there's a lot of skill but right now it looks a little
men versus boys thing where he just he kind of gets muscled off the puck gets bought a little bit he's 20 or has he 21 years old 20 years old that's gonna come the strength playing pro
g actually said yeah but i don't know like i did you say you disagreed with it yeah i kind of did
just because they've played them i mean 20 years old like you you gotta get some confidence some
comfortability every but every game he's on a different line, he's playing a different position.
I think it's more about the contact,
but it's about puck battles and 50,
50 pucks.
And it doesn't matter what line you're on,
where do it in the AHL and get a little stronger.
Like if you're going to play,
if you're going to play center at this level and you're talking about getting
out muscled on face offs,
everything,
you're not,
you're not good enough to have that much speed
where you're beating guys one-on-one
where those 50-50 puck battles matter so much
where if you're unable to win them,
it's like essentially you become useless
and you keep going back to the confidence thing.
Go down there, chuck weights,
go battle against guys your own weight
and your own strength
and slowly chip away at that to eventually get called.
I agree with what Witt said. He's getting knocked off pucks nonstop, own strength and slowly chip away at that to eventually get called up that's that's that's
i agree with what witt said he's getting knocked off pucks non-stop but like that was his thing
this summer all summer he came back and i what was it 20 pounds heavier than last year he chucked
all the weights this summer it's like now it's like you gotta learn to play in the nhl it's
not shit or get off the pot but it might i, I think a famous quote, NHL's not a development.
No, and my thing is,
from seven-year-olds to the highest level in the game,
like Newfoundland Senior Hockey,
you need to dominate a level and then go up.
Like, go down to the AHL and become a dominant player.
I don't know how I just thought of, like,
it's not a great comparison.
Patrick Sharp, right?
Like, he spent basically three years I don't know how I just thought of like, it's not a great comparison. Patrick Sharp, right?
Like, do you think how good,
he spent basically three years in the minors.
The third year was the Laco canceled season,
but I don't know why.
He was also playing on the fourth line in the minors.
Yeah, that one. Everyone started.
So it's like, and he, look at the score he turned into.
And there's, what sucks is Bruins fans
had just hoped he would be able to make the leap
to be maybe a second good second line center this year not there yet think he can still get there
but you got to get buddy not a developmental league that's the best way to put it and some
people might say well then why is leo carlson out west playing every other game and then on the game
season you know getting getting stronger in the gym it's like well some teams have the luxury of doing that and that's a team like anaheim fucking boston's in win now mode
they're not in development mode at the nhl level they want guys who can come in to help this team
win now and or monty's gonna get fired for joe sacco so g if you're saying like shitter get off
the park give him the rest of the year say that he gets the rest of this year
and just doesn't do anything are you done are you done with them exactly how do you plan next year
that's where it's like no i i think it's a much shorter leash though heading into next season
the next season it's like all right you're you're not getting the top six minutes that you were
promised last season we'll start you in the bottom six you can prove that you can make the top six
then we'll bump you up because nowadays kids come in and they get to play on the first second line
like it used to be like you said but they perform or they don't yeah true yes there's bad teams that
give guys way longer leashes but the good teams are like dude if you're not scoring um are you
guys on camera pasha and G you please
go back and watch Pasha's
smirk while G is talking about like
the downfall of the Bruins like
he was actually over there like holding
in laughter because I was holding
in something else I think what we're not acknowledging
is that of all the teams that are remotely
considered to be like good
the Bruins forward group is paper thin
like besides Marshawn and Pasta
that was what I said last week.
Their bottom six is like, other
than Tyler Johnson, who's the savior, according to G.
What do you mean? They got the best
fourth line in the league to start the season.
You got Morgan Geeky on the first line. No offense
to him. That's fine, but you said their
bottom six. They have the best fourth line in the league
to start the season. No, their forward group
overall is paper thin. You got Brazzo
on your second line. not a second line player.
Zaka's your first line center. We all
know how I feel about him. We can't do this right now.
No, but he is spitting
some game. I'm saying, like, for
all this talk, I don't think Montes should get fired.
It's a roster construction issue.
Their forward group is just very, very thin.
And, you know, Marchand's older now,
coming off surgeries, all that.
Just roster construction my
last thing on the bruins quick oh the reason it could turn around trent frederick had a great
year last year he's come out slow mcavoy one of the best defensemen in the game hasn't had a great
start i think even he would admit it charlie coyle offensively slow zaka those guys could get it going
i think that's fair enough to say it could happen pasha it could happen zaka will not get it going he's had eight years to get it going okay so um that
ends i want to almost talk the devils with him right now but because the devils have well the
one thing we could talk about is jack hughes heating up it looks like he's got his feet
underneath them uh you guys have that bet ongoing the other night we get a text from wit in the
group chat ha ha losing three one of the islanders and what do the islanders do they do what they do best they give away a third period
lead bang bang jack hughes gets an assist in the dying minute and then scores the second goal of
the game winning third apple on those goals to witty for that chirp yeah i i got the devil i
got the devils that win being like nice night 10 against the Islanders. And then they blew the lead.
It was just, it was deja vu watching the Islanders just blow leads.
Hughes, it now looks like, every time I'm checking, it's like two points, three points, two points.
So I'm like, oh.
Is that bet still going?
Yeah, this is the last season.
The worst bet ever to be on the side I'm on.
Because he's an American that's awesome to watch play.
And then I hate this guy so much, I make this bet.
Now it's like, watch, it's like death by a thousand paper cuts hughes assist hughes goal
hughes apple hughes dangles a guy okay here he comes moving on emily caplan uh had an interesting
article on espn about the upcoming uh cba and the negotiations it has one more season after this
year before it ends so after the 25 26 year a bunch of different things kind
of in the article actually definitely go read it it's interesting kind of what she talked to 20
players who uh remain anonymous and they can kind of give their take and point they talked about
schedule changing where they'd reduce the amount of preseason games add two more regular season
games don't know how i think about that i don't know what do you change
history like you know there was a couple years when they had 84 games but that is a good point
um the thing is i don't think the all-time goals in a season or points in a season will ever be
touched so maybe that's kind of moot but there'd be other records that could be affected in the
last two games of the year uh maybe if it was 84 Ovi would get it on the 84th game of the year.
That's kind of a ridiculous argument
considering that makes no sense.
Biz, playoff format,
potentially where players say it wants to go back,
they want to go back to one verse eight.
The league, I guess, is against this,
according to Emily.
They like where it's at.
I think one verse eight's great.
My dream one verse 16 will never happen.
So I get why the
league did it to create those individual right individual rivalries but if you're a team owner
like you don't want to be the second seed overall in the conference playing the third overall seed
in the conference in the first round like that's fucking bullshit like you're wait wait you're
talking about going to 84 regular season games and continue it to make it
less valuable to like win and be and be a high seed it's ridiculous to me i'd like the idea of
making pre-season shorter because the games are happening anyway why make them useless
that way the earlier games in the year if you're losing them it's not that big of a deal because
you have a little bit more time to make it up and they're fucking regular season games as opposed to not you're getting bigger gate and you're able to pay the players more overall
all great all four i think that one player said they only he's like two to three games most
we need to get going in pre-season it does say you you'd lose a little bit about watching young
guys and seeing if they're ready or not like but the players hate that too you play in six in a row yeah you know you get three and threes that that guys can play in
i don't know i don't know where they'll end up going on this because i bet you it is split pretty
down the middle i do think players would love to start earlier media would love to start earlier
players would love to start earlier fans same thing because you're done earlier and the late
june it may never happen but if you could ever begin sooner i think it would be phenomenal for
the league i agree she talks about player medical rights and a lot of it has to do with eichel and
him wanting the disc replacement surgery buffalo saying no it leads to his trade from vegas
it's wild to think that the team does have final say on your medical.
Now, one player goes into how it's way better now.
It used to be if you wanted a second opinion,
it was like kind of looked down upon where now they're more open
and let guys get second opinions.
But it still is the team's final decision.
Crazy town, crazy talk.
Because when I was going through this, we said on the show,
it's his body, my body, my choice.
You're able to be able to pick the surgery you want you want to keep playing the longest you
possibly can so how could teams have the ability to say what they did with eichel no you can't get
this what do you think um i well i i've heard of situations where teams get very resentful especially
with guys without leverage like we're not even talking, I go here when they're questioning what the team doctor saying,
where in fact,
one of these players I talked to went and got a second opinion and the
doctor's opinion of the team was wrong and then went to a third one.
And sure enough, it was still wrong.
So I think it should ultimately be the player's choice.
No brainer.
I get why the ownership who sign over all that money want that control and
the fact that majority of these contracts are guaranteed i think if you get bought out you get
two-thirds i think that's why they feel like they deserve that leverage but i think that if you're
going to change anything about it it would have to maybe even go to an arbitrator and or a third
opinion for sure yeah what do you think you'd think nowadays like the
player obviously wants to play and the owners would want the guys to play why wouldn't they just
be on the same page right like the player is going to want best for his body right
to be able to play come back every player if they do get hurt wants to come back as fast as possible
if it's a knee thing it's a six months like guys want to be back in four months five months so
they're not the guys aren't getting surgeries to hang out sit by the beach and stuff like guys are getting back
wanting to get back so i don't know i i think it should be on the player what they want to do
um and i think jack is prime example of that and you know worked out yeah it's worked out
phenomenal and i could see the owners paying the players he's also paying that the team doctor
and doctors naturally have egos.
And a guy's telling you what's wrong.
I'm an employee of the team as you are.
And you're telling me this other doctor, you don't trust me.
You'd rather go with him like that.
It turns into headbutting.
But final say for a surgery to me is a player because they're not going to put themselves.
They're going to do what they believe after hearing the case from both sides, they should be allowed to make up their mind.
Another thing brought up was the draft age possibly being raised.
I think this should happen, but I just don't know how you do it.
And you said, what do you do the year you do it?
Yeah, so this year there just wouldn't be a draft where you just back it all up.
I mean, I guess I would be okay with that.
Some other teams who have been struggling for a while, for a quick fix would not really enjoy that i think
a team and also what happens if you're the san jose sharks and you win 10 games this year
and you end up you're supposed to get the first overall pick so what happens does it not count
and then you take next year standings how do you divvy that up to like this year in that
and next year do you
take like the overall record from the two years and then the team who has the worst record then
has the best chance at that number one overall pick with the lottery balls i just don't know
but it is so hard to grade these kids at that age to what they're going to be when they're grown men
and that's why i mean we criticize some teams for keep swinging and missing it's hard to evaluate talent that young and i think that that extra year would make the
world of difference especially them growing into their bodies i was going to say people who would
be most happy about this i think would be scouts you get one more year your job becomes a little
bit easier because how many times do you draft the guy in that next season you're like he ain't
making the leap we thought he'd make yeah so you get that extra year i agree with you on that yeah the first
year doing it would be would be the most difficult in in to figure out how to even get it off the
ground it is wild to think about that um so with that i guess we can go to the at the time when
roberto loango was drafted he was was he the highest selected goalie ever when he was drafted he was he was fourth overall 1997 draft it was the second
highest the goalie had ever been picked after that dph went one mark andre flurry went one
but this interview is awesome we got to thank keith again and right now roberto loango
before we continue guys it's time to talk about sport clips Everyone knows how intimidating it can be to get your haircut.
Knowing what to ask for, wondering if your stylist will be able to deliver a great haircut,
wondering if they've even ever done it before.
Are you their first client?
It can be nerve-wracking.
But there's great news.
Sports clip stylists have been specially trained in the nuances of men's hair,
taking the worry out of getting a haircut.
So whether you're
going for a tight fade, a slick back mullet, or just think that looking like Patrick Mahomes will
make you a better quarterback, Sport Clips stylists are here to do whatever you need to feel confident.
Nothing says confidence like a great haircut, and nobody does great haircuts like Sport Clips.
It's a game changer.
like sport clips it's a game changer it is an honor to be joined right now by an all-time legend of the game thanks to yans for getting him over here i thought you were talking about me
fourth all-time in nhl wins as a goalie and two-time olympic gold medals for berto luongo
what's going on holy shit this is a big one guys this is a big one for us we never thought this
would happen this is a goalie white whale for us i never thought this would happen you probably
said two reasons first of all i don't do podcasts so you guys uh i did it for yans my buddy asked
me for favor but most of all i did it for my kids they were pressuring me to do it so actually
that's the only reason i'm here that's what's happening that's what's happening there's been
guys who've said yeah my kids just kind of kept telling me to go on.
So, hey, nonetheless, we appreciate it, dude.
It's good to be here.
It's good to be here.
I think we kind of wanted to start off with just last year, like very special for you.
You posted about it, winning that Stanley Cup, being a part of the front office.
Like, take me through your feelings throughout that series and then just after with the celebration
and your summer.
I mean, it was unbelievable.
I think, you know, the year before we lost in the final so it was it was tough but uh
just going back to the start of last year I think um it's just a different feeling in the locker
room you know around everybody you know we we kind of felt like there was unfinished business
and just going into the playoffs and playing Tampa in the first round and you know obviously
that's a team that we hadn't beat before.
So that was a big hurdle for us to get over.
Play Boston in the second round again.
You know, we knew what happened the year before
and that was going to be a tough series.
But I don't know.
There was just a confidence about our group, I think,
that, you know, going into the series that if we played the way we can,
which is, you know, relentless forecheck, getting on teams, teams wearing them down that over the course of a seven game series uh you know we'd come out
on top uh so we did that uh you know against uh the bruins and and the rangers and obviously once
we got to the final it was uh it was a very emotional roller coaster to say the least uh
watching you guys's shenanigans oh here we go i'm surprised you came on with them
well first thing you said where's your oiler sweatshirt where are the jerseys
belly button you like my belly button tank top very silly of me
so so yeah i mean listen we're up three nothing and and then all of a sudden you know
where you start worrying about like who's coming uh you know we got to fly people over and it was
it was you know guys i i know what the feeling's like you know you think you're thinking of the
moment right the moment that happens and it's it gets to be a lot but uh um you know the owners are
a good team they were giving it to us uh for a few games there i think uh the key was that uh
you know the boys they believed in each other and what we had in the locker room.
It was a great series.
I mean, it went through every emotion that you can go through
in a seven-game series.
So to end it the way it did at home, it was great.
I think one of the most important parts of that, too,
going into game seven, and we talked about it,
there was two days in between, and Paul Maurice was able
to tell Bobrovsky to stay away from the rinkink so just from a goalie perspective did you end up
talking to him during that two-day layoff and like what did you make of that two days and how
important it probably was for him to just reset after all the chaos that ensued like games four
through six yeah i mean listen i i didn't i talked to bob on occasion i mean during the course of a
series it's not really my job you know we have we have Rob Tallis, who's our goalie coach,
and he deals with it on a daily basis.
There was two days between every travel day,
and I think he kind of changed something in his preparation
where he usually goes on the ice.
I don't remember exactly what it was now, but he skated.
He didn't skate the day before, and he kind of stuck to his routine
that he would have if it was only one day between games and uh i think uh you know uh it was it was key for him to to to do that i think
it changed a little bit of his mindset and he came with a fresh approach for game seven but
i mean it was a tight game right it was like everybody was on edge i think that was a little
bit uh a deciding factor was really the first time that edmonton had a little bit of pressure
on their side now because it was game seven and everything was on the line where as before you
know maybe they're a little bit more free because they had nothing to lose really uh so it was it
was a tight game from the game seven i remember like obviously everyone in there you just edge
your seat incredible drama but looking over and steven a smith is watching like he's the most i
was like this is when you know this is just with
his five head i'm really i was gonna even say that like obviously getting to play with lou like you
were a very calm guy always very like unbelievable demeanor around the rink and then they'd pan to
you guys in the box and i'd be like oh my god lou looks like he's gonna like have a heart attack
is it more nerve-wracking when you're not playing then i'm a mess up there i'm a mess so i always
said like it's weird you know when you play like i was nervous before the game right i get really nervous
for the game and then once you're playing like you're in the zone right you're just you're just
playing the game now it's the opposite like i'm fine for the game and then once the puck drops
like holy shit because you don't have any control on what's going on on the ice so i get nervous
during the games now and as opposed to when i played i was nervous before the games yeah well
before we hopped on like uh we're talking about how important it is to find like a purpose after you're done playing
and you mentioned that you know even a month after you knew you you were going to hang them up that
you know not to say depressed but just you you needed something how did this whole role come
about and and and like what exactly is the title so i mean listen i always knew i kind of wanted
to go in management once I was done.
I mean, you could ask Yanzi.
I run like 20 fantasy football.
He said you invented fantasy football.
So you're every guy on the coach listening like I could be an NHL GM.
Yeah, pretty much.
In his car, like after the football season, still listens to like recap fantasy drafts.
Getting ready for next year.
No, Yanz yeah just telling us
a story you're in your car at the rink and you're in there and it sounded like you were listening
to something where someone was yelling at you and you got out of the car and you were like you were
like what were you doing there you're like oh listen to the fantasy football i was like yeah
well i have i've had fantasy sports radio on my in my car when i drive that's what i listen i don't
listen to nhl network i listen to fantasy sports radio Radio. It's Bobby from Boca Raton calling in.
You think Juju Smith-Schuster is going to do anything this week?
So you knew you would eventually get into it?
Yeah, so I kind of knew I was interested in that.
And that's what fascinates me, right, is like putting a team together,
you know, drafting guys, training guys, signing people.
So, I mean, it was always something that interests me.
And obviously, hockey is my passion.
So it was something that I knew that you know once I was done uh would be something that we interested in now you know once I retired I didn't know how long
it would take for me to get into it but um you know right as I retired the first month I was
like okay what am I doing myself like I was like bored and I was working out so I was like
I didn't know what to do so luckily, you know, Mr. Biola called me
and, you know, asked me if I was interested
in being part of the organization.
And I said, yes, right away.
So I started going to a few meetings
and, you know, I really loved it.
And I just was looking for something, you know,
I wanted to be part of something.
I think it's, that's what I like about it.
You know, you kind of feel like you still have skin in the game if you're not even
though you're not on the ice playing you're still emotionally involved like the same emotions go
through you you know in the stands that you're in the ice when you win you're you're upset i mean
you lose you're upset you win you know you're happy so it's it's the same emotions except that
um i don't have to work out in the summer which is i've always i've always thought that
what would be hard and you could tell me different is once you get in and you're at meetings like
when do you feel comfortable enough to like step up and give your opinion because even the best
players in the world you still like there's got to be moments of kind of questioning yourself and
what you know in the game like am i willing to put this out in front of 20 guys yeah i mean that's a good question i think uh it depends how you know the group makes you feel uh you know the
first year that's true uh you know uh dale talon was the gm so he made me feel right at home i
spent a lot of time with him uh i spent a lot of time with brayden birch our cap guy learning the
cba all that kind of stuff the cap so uh the first year was mostly learning and i was
part of all the meetings but i didn't you know speak up as much unless somebody asked me a direct
question and as time goes by you know you just get more and more comfortable and voicing your
opinion and you feel more confident in what you're saying because you you know you watch a lot of
games you you know the players and you know when you retire you know already most of the guys in
the league just like you know yans last year you know you knew all the guys right because you played against them so uh it's easy to to have
an opinion on a guy it's way harder doing this show the longer you get out in in inactual with
all these new guys yeah because it is when it started and and i knew like a really good amount
of guys it's like oh and now you're like whoa what how does this guy play who's that's why
sometimes biz and i are like i never heard of this guy i don't know who that one i feel like you guys shit talk
a little more now that you don't know oh a bit more separation i'll just light these yeah i don't
know this kid i don't care yeah they're like this they check my hockey db they're like this fucking
guy's chirping me on a podcast what the fuck this guy's a bum i think i think going back uh maybe to
the beginning like you know starting when you younger, incredible that we were talking before.
You didn't start playing goalie till you were 11?
Yeah, I think I was actually 12.
I played street hockey with my, you know, my neighbors and the kids in my neighborhood.
They weren't skates big enough.
Those are the boats.
Sideshow Bob.
I didn't have skates, so I couldn't find skates.
No, but I played soccer as a kid too.
So my parents are italian and
um and when i started playing hockey my i wanted to play goal because when i played street hockey
i was in that all the time and and all the kids in my neighborhood were older so i was always in
that and i loved it and when i started uh playing hockey uh i want to play goal but my parents like
they're old school right they're like no what are you gonna do you're just gonna stand in the crease
and not do anything you're like you're gonna skate around get some
exercise I was like all right well I guess I'll play out you couldn't even skate like I couldn't
skate I was like just stand there it was even worse than playing goal and then uh I learned how to
skate eventually and then uh I think it was my third or fourth year playing um the goalie was
sick for one of the games so it was right at the beginning of the season.
And I asked my mom, I said, hey, listen, the goalie's sick.
Like, can I just run that for this one game?
She's like, all right, fine.
So I rented like equipment from the city.
And then I got a shutout the first game. And then I was like, you know, play another game.
And all of a sudden, you know, I just became the regular guy.
That's not real.
Wally Pipp.
That kid got Wally Pipp.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, we're going to rename it.
Oh, my God. And my understanding is both your parents are Italian immigrants. regular that's wally pipp that kid got hard yeah we're gonna rename it oh my god and my
understanding is both your parents are italian immigrants and when you asked to even play hockey
to start they were like hockey like what's what's this well my pizza my dad my dad was born early
my mom was actually born in canada but her parents were born in italy uh and you know my dad uh my
mom was a big montreal canadians fan and and and my dad, you have to like hockey when you live in Canada.
It's on TV every night.
So he liked soccer and hockey, and they were for it for me to play,
and they knew that it was a sport to do.
And I was actually a pretty good soccer player too
until I was about 13 years old.
When I was 5-on-5, I was a great soccer player.
For some reason, when we went to 11-on-11, I was i was the big sheet hurt yeah i was terrible i couldn't all i could do
is kick but uh at that point i was like too much to play both sports i just had to decide what i
wanted to do so wait you played out in soccer yeah and i was a midfielder it's a midfielder so
in 93 like the canadians they win the cup you're're 14. Was Patrick Waugh your guy?
So I got a confession to make.
Oh, no.
Yes.
Breaking news.
So my favorite team was actually Edmonton as a kid.
Wow.
Welcome to the club. Did anyone know that?
Everybody knows that.
Fierce guy?
Fierce guy?
Everybody knows that.
Do your research, buddy.
Sorry about that.
Were you a Fierce guy?
Yeah, I was a Fierce guy.
That's why I became a goalie in the first place,
because he's just like glove saves, like the splits, all that crap.
I loved it.
I loved watching him play.
And then obviously Gretzky and Messi and those guys were there too.
So the Oilers were my team growing up.
Did you wish you were a silly cider like Fierzi?
No.
I wish he could have played the puck like Fierzi though.
This guy.
Yeah, he was great, man.
I was so excited to watch.
That's why I wanted to play goal.
I tried to mimic him at home like when i played it was he was awesome and then uh
then as i started playing goal i started to learn the position more i was like yeah i think i like
patrick a bit more you know because he's similar yeah you know the technique he's he's he's always
in good position on the butterfly and then uh i started working with his goalie coach francois
lair uh i went to his hockey schools and really started learning the position a bit more.
So I kind of turned to Patrick a little bit more when I started playing goal.
Is that Benny Allaire's?
Yeah, that's his brother.
Okay, Benny's the best.
Yeah, he is.
I don't know the other one.
So was he with the Rangers and with Lundqvist?
Yep.
Benny was.
Yes.
Yeah, Francois was with Montreal when they won the Cup in 93.
And then he went to Anaheim. He won the Cup with Giguere when Giguere won the cup in 93 and then he went to anaheim
he won the cup with giguera when giguera was the goalie and then he went to colorado he was in
colorado for a while uh he was in toronto too for a little bit now he works for us like we uh he
lives on here in the winter time do you think that that is he your this is the guy who really helped
me make it most well he's the one that taught me everything i knew pretty much about goaltending so yeah without him what age was that when you went to
uh so probably like in my 14 15 years old and then he worked for my
agent he worked for my agent as well so every
year uh before camp we always had like a pro
week where all the pros went uh we went we got together in uh
in rosemary near montreal and we had a week of camp uh together
so i was going to ask you about like who are your biggest inspirations.
Obviously with the Allaire's, like I think Lundqvist was talking about it
where they really challenged you mentally and like obviously pushed you to the limits.
Was it similar with your goalie coach in the summertime?
And is that what kind of, you know, you got to be a little bit tapped to be a starter, right?
You're playing, especially for you back then, you're playing like 70 games.
Was that where you learned all that? Yeah mean I learned I'm always learned I think that
was one of the things that I take pride in like from the moment I started playing goal till the
last year that I retired I for me I took pride I'm always trying to get better and learning and
I never thought I was like okay I'm here now or I'm good enough I always trying to get better and
I think I had a bunch of goalie coaches throughout my career.
I mean, you know, Francois Allaire was probably the first one
that really taught me about the position.
But as I progressed through my career, I mean,
I worked with so many great goalie coaches, you know,
Ian Clark, Rob Tallis at the end, Clint Malarchuk, you know,
Billy Smith, my first year with the Panthers.
You could slash him.
Billy Smith was
Yeah, he was awesome.
I got a
couple good stories about him like the one I'll tell you one right now so my first year with
Florida he was it was a goalie coach and uh he wanted me to catch everything so one practice
the guys were shooting and and and like I wasn't he was just making saves my body instead of
catching the puck so he's like here here give me your gloves give me your gloves so he's in a track
suit he's like give me your gloves give me your gloves so he's in a track suit he's like give me your gloves give me your gloves he takes my gloves on my stick and he
he tells the guys hey i want you to take full slap shots from the blue line he's like watch this
guys are coming down the middle of the guys full clappers he only had his glove and track suit on
he's like catching pucks and like and guys are guys are wiring wiring from the blue line
the goalie in nashville he used to seem to try to catch
everything so that's yeah pekka reed yeah he was trying to teach you to use your glove more yeah
he was but i was like this guy's an attraction one off the shin
i always wondered that with because it seems like every guy has like a goalie coach and then
every team has a goalie coach they like talk to each other or is it kind of uh it depends yeah for the most part uh well earlier in my career i would say no yeah
but i know nowadays a lot of a lot of guys do yeah um you know you know some guys that we deal with
here uh an organization they they talk to each other i think it's important you know to be on
the same page right because you don't want to have like you're working on something and during
the season then you go in the off season you do something totally different it's important for the goalies to to be taught the same way and i think that's
what we kind of do in our organization you know through the nhl to the american league even in
the east coast league we try to teach our guys to play in a certain way and so that you know it's a
structure at the time of your draft in the queue what what were you drafted because i know by the
time you went to the nhl draft at the time you might have been the highest goalie drafted.
It was fourth overall.
Yeah.
So what was it like for your Q experience?
Because I know you ended up in Vardal.
You guys won a championship there.
And then your last year you went to Acadia Bathurst.
Yeah.
But just what was your Q draft like?
Did you go high?
And were there expectations at that age for you?
Yeah.
I think when I was 15, I was playing midget triple A Montreal.
And that's when I didn't really know where i was headed and um agents started coming up to to me
and my my parents you're like yeah you know your son's gonna move away next year right
and my my parents you know italian old school they're like what what are you talking about
he's not leaving home you know uh so yeah that was a kind of an eye-opener and then
uh i had a great year that year and uh i ended up getting drafted second overall wow to valdor
uh first of all was pierre d'agenais i don't know if you remember that name i do remember the name
would he end up turning into a player he played in the nhl for a bit uh he's really tall great shot
um so second overall and then i always remember my mom's face when i got drafted because
valdora is literally the furthest oh no city from uh from montreal it was like five and a half hour
drive and in the woods you know uh so she was hoping like i think it was the third or fourth
pick after second or third pick after me it was like victoria ville was like an hour drummond
ville 40 minutes there where she was like praying that i'd fall and then as soon as they announced my name i remember just turning
over and looking at me like nowadays kids would be like make it clear like i'll go to college if
yeah yeah so you could it's just kind of different different how people have changed like these
younger kids now they'll just make like basically having the leverage to say i'm not driving five
and a half hours trade my rights to a team closer to town but when you were drafted there you were like no i'm gonna go
there and they believed in me and i'm gonna honor that yeah pretty much i think um the great part is
they found a nice italian family for me in valdor so for me it was a neat uh seamless transition
um i didn't really have any uh any issues i mean i missed home but uh it really made it easy for me to be there and play hockey and i you know miss home too much you have this sick pedigree
second overall big goalie that had to be right when you started realizing first year in the queue
like i think i could play in the nhl or was it maybe well my first year was kind of a backup i
didn't really play much uh so i was kind of a learning experience so I didn't know exactly where everything was headed obviously
being in the NHL was the dream
but my second year
which was my draft year at 17
I became the starter that year
and
you know I think I kind of took off
I would say and you know a lot of people
were scouting me and went to the prospects
game did the whole thing and
that's I think obviously the point where you're like,
oh, there's NHL teams starting to look at me.
So you kind of start visualizing a little bit in your head
like this might be a real possibility.
Did you play World Junior that year or the following year?
No, the following year I played, when I was 18,
I played, I think it was in Finland that year.
We finished eighth overall.
We lost the panic.
Canada's just losing their mind.
We lost to Kazakhstan.
Were you in?
No, I wasn't in.
Let's make that clear.
He kind of looks like Borat a little bit, doesn't he?
That's kind of ironic.
He played for them.
Oh, no.
Borat was the goalie from the other side.
Yes, because he played for them. He was their cat. It's unbelievable. Who was the goalie from the other side yes goes he played for he was their
cats unbelievable who was the goalie of that team so it was matthew garan oh yeah oh you play in the
nhl yep yep lefty yep lefty uh yans is joking about your big feet but sometimes bigger goalies
at a younger age they're like a little all over the place and it's hard to get your footing did
you ever go through like a real awkward phase like especially when you made that jump to junior you're getting harder shots guys are faster stronger uh you know what
that's weird i kind of i did sprout up a little bit of one summer but uh i wouldn't say that it
was so so much that i had a little bit of a awkward phase but uh um yeah i mean it was the
thing with me was i was really skinny like i weighed like 1.50, I think, and I was 6'3".
That was the toughest
part to put on the muscle
and put on the weight. Now, not so much anymore.
Did you always have the big
hands?
Yeah.
Big hands, big feet.
Yeah.
We'll end it there.
It leads to the draft.
Obviously, that was 97. We'll end it there. We'll end it there. It leads to the draft. I mean, obviously, that was 97.
Top four picks, Joe Thornton, Patrick Marleau, Oli Okun, and you.
Wow, that's heavy.
That's four legit. That's heavy.
No misses.
Did you know going in it was the Islanders?
We kind of asked guys the night before the draft memories for yourself.
Yeah, no, I didn't.
I didn't know it was the Islanders because I actually talked to Boston,
which was the number one.
I had some good talks with them.
I thought there was a chance I might go one.
I wasn't sure.
Didn't really talk to San Jose, I think, or was it LA?
LA, yeah.
So I kind of, once Boston took Joe,
I kind of didn't expect to go in the next couple of picks.
And then once the Islanders were rolled around,
that was kind of, they had two picks in a row because they had four and five i think
brewer was was drafted yeah i don't know why i didn't mention brewer yeah he's got over a thousand
yeah yeah so i kind of thought maybe there was a chance there that i'd go in one of those two picks
and then and then after that you returned to junior obviously when you were drafted because
we're going to get in your nhl career and then you ended up winning back-to-back quebec league titles so that must have also prepared you like
going back-to-back championships i don't know how you fared i don't think you fared well in the
memorial cup but what were the experience like winning those championships especially in valdora
where you started and then probably getting traded the next year it was great you know the small
towns right that's what they live for so uh it was an unbelievable run um you know we had a really good team that year steve beijing uh jp dumont yeah grand pierre so we had a lot of a lot of good
players on the team and uh uh you know we we i think we swept remuski in in the final that's
when uh vinnie le cavalier was playing there so it was uh it was a great run and then uh the
following year uh when i was at the world juniors, that's when I got traded to Bathurst halfway through.
Val d'Or wasn't really a contention anymore.
So they kind of traded me to Bathurst, which is funny because
I don't know if you guys know some of the major junior
Oh, in Quebec League, it was like, we're going to trade you 17 first rounders.
No, but we traded for Shikudomi's whole first line.
That's what I got, the whole first line that's sort of god the whole
first line it's crazy yeah they all we all got them in bathurst that at the trade deadline
you're not the first line anymore we got a new one guys it's so fun because it's right after
world juniors yeah guys just go to a new team yeah keep the clothes i was looking at your your
bathurst team there was not many guys that even played in the nhl like ramsey a bit played yeah
a little bit.
There wasn't that many.
But back then, they were pretty good junior players.
I think there was a bit more of an older team.
Not a lot of guys drafted, but it was veteran guys that had success in the queue.
And it's crazy because Bathurst is another small town.
And I remember people sleeping outside the arena to get tickets.
It was just crazy. It was almost like a mini NHL there.
Was Irving the owner when you were there?
No, it was Leo Guimorissette.
So you go to the Islanders.
Butch Goring was your head coach?
Yep.
That's your guy.
That's my boy.
That's my boy.
He stuffs biz in a locker on Twitter.
Is that real?
It kind of was real, but I want no smoke with that guy
because I feel like he would shank me.
Yeah, you're done.
Yeah, yeah.
He's got people in low places.
What was that experience like?
And then also I saw some of the goalies there that year.
I'm not saying you cross paths with all of them,
but like Felix Potvin, Kevin Weeks, Valaket,
who does media now too, And there was one other one.
So did you spend time with all those guys?
And those guys are legends.
I did, actually, because when I first got called up,
Felix was the goalie.
And then probably a month in, he got traded to Van for Weeksy.
So Weeksy came back.
So me and Weeksy were partners for a while.
Well, for the rest of the season, pretty much.
And then when I got sent down i i got sent down uh two games before i hit my bonuses with a month left
in this oh my god that's a story for another day but anyway so i got sent down and then i got called
back up the last game to play the last game of the year and valley was up so valley got called
up when i got sent down so we're getting ready to go out for warm-ups for the last game of the year
and uh i'm standing by the doorway and then i look over and like valleys and
like standing next to me and i look over i'm like what are you doing he's like what do you mean he's
like i'm getting ready to go out he's like what do you mean i'm getting ready to go out like we
both thought we were starting the game like we didn't know who like they told me he was starting
he told him he was starting so we're both ready by the doorway to go almost way to go got it
i had to start i had to start. I had to start.
It was you.
Yeah, but it was funny because we were just looking at each other like,
what are you doing?
Bro, you're backing me up today.
Oh, no.
That's a great little story.
It's just crazy that it was just one quick year.
I mean, all of a sudden, like, you're traded.
And I know at the time, the Islanders, it was just kind of a gong show.
And for you, was it one, surprising?
Or two, did you kind of like, I could get traded from here? I mean, being that high of a gong show and for you was it one surprising or two did you kind of like
I could get traded from here I mean being that high of a pick it shocked most and was that a
Millberry trade yeah there was a Millberry trade I was surprised I was not expecting it at all I
mean it was my first year I thought you know we didn't have a very good team so considering
everything I thought uh the season went pretty well my only problem is I couldn't play the puck
right I was bad at playing the puck and uh Rickyicky pietro was it was his draft year and mike really liked them so i get a call so that
morning the morning of the draft i think the draft was in calgary i'm not sure uh i get a call because
they traded kevin weeks an hour before uh i don't remember where they traded him too but they traded
kevin weeks in the morning so i get a call an hour later i was like i thought they were gonna tell me hey
we traded yeah we'll go we'll roll you next year i want to give you a chance like no he's like hey
uh just want to let you know we just traded you to florida oh my god what huh yeah so i was kind
of who's that for for my trade yeah so it was me and Jokinen, me and Ole Jokinen.
Oh, man.
That's a man.
For Mark Parrish and Oleg Kovacev.
Wow.
That's a lopsided trade.
That's a little humble.
That'll get you media.
That'll get you behind the desk.
Did the shock wear off quickly?
Like, did you come down here right away? I mean, your agent must have kind of not talked you behind the desk did the shock wear off quickly like did you come down here right away
i mean your agent must have kind of not talked you off the ledge but almost been like it's all good
it's going to be fine i mean that was the first time that uh i mean i got traded in juniors but
it was kind of expected so it was different this time i was really caught off guard by it uh
i took it took me a little while i took maybe a a few weeks and then I came to Florida just to see, you know,
and look for a place and all that kind of stuff and meet everybody.
So it was, it was, it was definitely tough because, you know,
you kind of feel like, you know, they like somebody better than you.
So it kind of took it hard at the beginning, but, you know,
once I got down here and, you know,
looked at the place and all that kind of stuff, I mean, it was,
it was a great, great place to play,
a great place to live.
I was pretty happy.
It had to be nice too that that first year in Florida,
920 save percentage played really well.
It's easier to get
emotionally invested here
once you've made that much of an impact,
I'm guessing.
When I got here, Trevor Kidd was the starter.
I was the backup for...
He had the goatee, right?
Yeah, the goatee and the checkered pads.
Perfect for Florida.
And a hearty t-shirt.
Yeah, exactly.
Bedazzled jeans.
Just like Yans' wardrobe when we were in Phoenix.
He's got a gun store locally now in Lauderdale.
Gun range.
Anyway.
Yeah, so he was a starter.
And then halfway through the season, they fired the coach.
And they brought uh
duane sutter in and once duane came in he gave me the first start uh in his first game and
uh i got a shutout and then i kind of became the guy for the the second half of that year
from what i remember you were getting like 40 45 shots and you were getting peppered i know the
teams were not very good so that must have been awesome early on, just seeing all that rubber, like getting used to being in a starting role.
And, and yeah, I mean, it sucks that teams suck, but you were obviously having a lot of personal
success. Yeah. I mean, listen, uh, yeah, every game was like 40 or 50 shots. Um, I think I broke
the record for most shots on goal in the one year and then the following year i broke my own record so back to back uh but yeah i mean listen it was i i enjoyed like i thrive in in games that had
more shots that's just the way i play like i like to be you know involved and sometimes when there
was less shots in my later years in vancouver i had a bit more time a difficult time when there
was like 20 25 shots so uh the only problem is obviously we're not winning much uh that's what kind of sucked but at that time i was really just trying to establish
myself as a as an hl goalie yeah when you're young like that you it takes you you know six seven
years in the league to be like okay i want to win now it's because then you're just trying to make
the make the jump to the nhl prove yourself but like make sure you're set as a player before you
start thinking yeah i know yeah because i mean you don't know when you're going to get sent down
it's so cutthroat sometimes and then you know once you do establish yourself then you're like okay now
you want to win and you know that goes to you going to vancouver yeah that's what's crazy though
it must have been yeah were you pooping as much with the islanders if you were with vancouver
that's a stay that never changed yeah it said you've shit like 35
times a day game day i have a certain routine that i like to follow so what like drink laxative
your ass no it was like clean it all up the rink till we got on the ice he was on the can
no seriously there was like i on average i'd go five to six times a day on game day so was it a
nerves thing that was pushing it out i think so it had to be nerves i was i get the nerves you guys are laughing back there but i shit more i get the nervous yeah i get nervous
poops big time like before live shows i think i've smashed three or four times in an hour
i'll have poops the size of my thumbnail but i feel like it's going to be like the size of
wits head like it's just like that's no that's the nerves taking over your stomach yeah it's
pretty much what it was i mean i always play nervous i mean that's just even it was like preseason games i'd still be nervous even like
my last year of my career like it's just who i was right and then what that led to some stomach
issues once in the playoffs okay so when you go down the tunnel that was because of that
i didn't know oh did that ever end up coming out i think it came out pretty much everybody knows
okay because the the canucks fans are just panicking what happened.
Oh, yeah.
I just had to poop.
Well, I didn't admit it at first because it was a little embarrassing.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
You then go to Vancouver where I guess going back to Canada has got to be exciting where
Florida, it was a struggle for the team.
Fan base isn't like what it is now.
You're going to wear
hockey's everything and you you had an incredible first season so like how excited were you going
into that season in the summer yeah i mean uh that was well first of all i wasn't really expected to
be traded i think it was a little bit of a contract issue at the time and mike heenan was the gm at
the time uh so i was trying to like work out a deal and you didn't want to go
anywhere.
I was,
I didn't want to go anywhere,
but I also wanted to win.
And that was one of the discussions I was having with the,
you know,
the GM and the ownership in Florida and,
and then trying to see,
you know,
where the team was headed because,
you know,
I'd have been already a few years that I've been in the league now.
And,
you know,
I just want to see some progress and then,
and hopefully,
you know,
make the playoffs, you know, in the next year or two and aspire to win a
cup and and with that came the contract negotiation so it was kind of back and forth a little bit and
then uh again on draft day um they had offered me a contract and I wasn't crazy about it so I was
thinking about it and then when I got back to, which was probably a couple hours before the draft,
I said, okay, I'll agree to it.
And the deal was already done.
Wow.
No way.
What made you change your mind in those few hours
that I don't like this deal to I'm willing to take it?
Well, at the end of the day, I just wanted to stay or go.
I mean, that was the ultimate decision, right?
I wasn't crazy about the contract that was offered,
but it wasn't
the worst thing so i'd really have to decide whether i want to stay or go ultimately and and
when i decided okay i think this is you know i'll try to stick it out and hopefully you know
there'll be better days did you sign for more on the next deal in van uh so yes i did i signed for
a little bit more and uh win win win win you-win. The funny part is about that, and I don't know if anybody knows this,
but when I was traded to Van, I didn't have a signed contract yet.
I actually got offer sheeted by Detroit.
No shit.
I didn't accept it, though.
You didn't accept it?
No, I didn't accept it.
Was it more than what you ended up getting in Vancouver?
Yeah.
That would have been. Well, I didn't know at the accept it. Was it more than what you ended up getting in Vancouver? Yeah. That would have been.
Well, I didn't know at the time it would have been more, but I said.
That would have been 06, going into the 06, 07 season.
You would have assumed that.
So it never became public that they did that?
You didn't have to?
No, because I didn't agree to it.
I didn't agree to it.
Oh, which is weird because like the Broberg and the Holloway one became like those ones.
I think you have to accept the offer sheet.
The player has to accept it, I think, for it to.
Oh.
No, not now because it came out.
It broke this year that it came and the team.
Oh, no, the player has to accept it.
So that's when it goes public.
My bad.
Okay, so you would never know about some.
There must be some wild stories about players getting offer sheeted.
You just heard one.
Yeah.
But that must have been like turpin be i had hashik and osgood that season then they signed harwood was probably drafted no sis yeah right around then that's wild did you
think about that or was that an immediate no yeah it's pretty quick no i mean i just got traded to
van and i didn't you know what i mean i just wanted to be there. I didn't want to, like, go to another team.
Oh, I thought you meant it was from Florida to.
So I just got traded to Van, and before I signed, my contract in Van,
you know, Detroit called me.
So they traded for you and then let you get to July 1st?
No, I think it was, like, within a week of the trade, I think.
I'm not exactly sure how the timeline went down, but. Agg detroit i love that what's weird though is that when you called them
back and accepted the offer from florida and they're like the trade's done it's it's surprising
they hadn't called and told you the trade was done like it had been a few hours right yeah i mean it
was literally like probably an hour the draft we're like take it back you tell them we're
meaning to get back to you. We were celebrating the draft.
Bob McKenzie was cracking a beer.
He was like, where's Bob on this one?
So it was Keenan in management then.
Did he start as the head coach there?
He was the head coach at the beginning,
like a couple years before.
So he was my coach.
And then, you know, it was a little bit of a disagreement,
blah, blah, blah.
They removed him,
and then he ended up becoming the GM. And, you know, there's a little bit of a disagreement, blah, blah, blah. They removed him and then he ended up becoming the GM.
And, you know, there's obviously people talk about Mike Keenan,
how he can be very hard and difficult on some players,
like in some case wear some down.
What was your experience with him when he was head coach?
Did he kind of just leave you alone?
Obviously at the time you were the star of the team.
He did, but, you know, there's obviously the, you know,
the pulling sometimes when you get pulled, like, yeah, he was notorious for that. So one game, uh, we were in Atlanta. Um, it would have been like, it would have been about six, seven minutes in the game. I hadn't gotten a shot yet. Uh, all of a sudden it's a two on one. The guy makes it past the slot. The guy tips and I make a great save, like elbow save. The puck goes in the air. The guy skates by.
As he's skiing by, a backhand through the air,
backhands it in the net.
Come on.
He was just waiting.
Yeah, he's like, you're not ready.
I was like, what do you mean?
You must have got to the bench pissed.
Well, I was just like, what are you like?
Is he serious?
Like, I don't understand.
Like, why is he pulling me? Like, what do you want me to do?
Like, I made a great save.
And the guy batted out of the air on a rebound.
He's like, no, I wasn't ready.
So I just, OK. You didn't say anything about it? You didn't go clear his desk? I made a great save and the guy batted out of the air on a rebound and he's like, no, I wasn't ready. So I just, okay.
You didn't say anything
about you?
You didn't go clear his desk?
I was still young back then
so I wasn't,
just kept quiet.
But even for you,
I know how big of a family man
you are.
Like leaving here
and your wife's being from here
in 06,
did you have any kids then?
No, no.
So it must have been,
even then,
it must have been tough
for you to go there
and be away.
Yeah, it was tough. I mean, listen, my wife's from here and she's very close to her family so i remember when i when
i actually got traded i was in montreal my she was here so i remember like ah shit i gotta call her
now let her know that you know we're getting traded so i kind of felt bad i mean she's like
you turned down what but i said no to detroit yeah so that was a tough call but listen
she was she was a trooper and she came in a van with me and uh we made the best out of it i mean
it was a great city great city to live in that season starts though and finally you have a sick
team you're playing awesome it had to be such a relief like i'm winning we're winning games we
have a chance to do something special with this group like was that the thought right off the bat
yeah i mean listen i was i was excited right we had uh the sardines
were there that's i think that's the year they kind of broke out to a little bit uh they came
into their own they were you know they were they were fine the you know nazi was still there but
he was kind of like on the older side and uh jovo was he there with you jovo no no uh jovo was um
was he nice yeah it must have been in Phoenix. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, I mean, we were winning games,
and I was like, oh, my God, this is going to happen.
I'd never made the playoffs before,
and then it was getting closer and closer,
and then I was just, the excitement, obviously,
being part with the city and the fans,
and it was just great, great to be part of,
and I think I played, I don't know how many games
I played that year.
Was it 75 or 76?
It was like something crazy.
AV wasn't afraid to.
No,
no,
just ride his horse.
You liked that though,
right?
Oh yeah,
I did.
You played with some characters.
I reached out to Kevin BX about some funny stories.
He reminded me of the one where you sold your G wagon to Hordachuk and he didn't go change the registration and he was like double parking all over town and
then you get this bill for all these wow there's there's there's a couple stories with hordy
i played with him here in florida before okay i played with hordy in edmonton he was always
getting a deal i think i got a deal for you it's unbelievable so this story some people know it i'm
sure you guys maybe you've heard or not but so it was a it was a after practice i was taking a nap and all of a sudden the doorbell rings now this is florida and i'm i'm half asleep
i walked downstairs and back in the day i had like two windows by my doors and i look and i was like
holy shit is that like an alligator tail by my door so i was like what the hell so i i go down
i look through the window and there's a freaking alligator on my doorstep with a mouth tape shot like what so i look fine fucking hordes parked in the sorry my lots of curse or no yeah
hordes hordes parked like right by my driveway like hiding behind this car like smiling i'm like
dude what are you doing i was like how did you get that he's like oh i lured it out of my the
back end my the lake in my car with a little piece of bread.
It came out.
I jumped on it.
I taped his mouth.
I put it in the trunk of my car.
I drove it over to your house and put it on your doorway.
Oh, my God.
This guy's under.
That was my first time with him.
What did he do with it?
Did he take it back to the?
Well, I don't know.
He must have gifted it.
Made him boots.
Made him boots.
Thanks for bailing me out last night on
that pizza up the middle i got you i got you a pet alligator he made one shoe for lou
imagine seeing him headlocking that thing taping his mouth shut oh scary it's crazy
fast forward to vancouver now we're teammates again and i had a g wagon and i was trying to
sell it and he goes hey i want I want to buy it off you.
I was like, oh, because I know he's always like,
he's getting you on the price.
So I'm like, I gave him a great deal.
I was like crazy.
I don't remember what it was, the number or whatever,
but it was a great deal.
Like he goes, hey, he's like,
can I pay you with Lululemon gift cards?
There's no way.
I love this guy. That's the way I like CCM laws. it's not like a laptop it's a car you see these stretchy dress pass they got i'm telling you
unlimited underwear for the rest of his there's There's these new things called yoga pants for girls.
Your wife will love them.
Yeah, shitting 35 times a day.
You thought maybe you'd get you with the underwear deal.
At least bring me like a pizza gift certificate somewhere.
So then we finally get, I said, Horty, come on, buddy.
Like, you know, got to give me, okay.
Finally, we agreed to the deal.
It gives me the money, blah, blah, blah.
So then I give him the car.
So it's been a month.
He's still driving with my license plate.
I'm like, dude, what are you doing?
And I'm getting all these tickets.
I'm like, oh, you know, he has some excuse, right?
So he's not taking the tag off.
So one game was a game I tell one of our trainers in Vancouver.
I said, buddy, do me a favor during the game.
Go in the garage, take the tag off, and give it to me.
So he unscrews it, and he gives it to me.
Then the next two
weeks he's driving without a license plate on his car what a guy what a guy that's iconic where's
he live it now is he around here i think he's in arizona arizona he's a thunderbird yes you told
me that for the waste management tournament oh yeah he's a legend he's so funny he's so giving
too though i guess as funny as you say what the girl is like he's an animal
he retired i've told this on the pod before but he retired ziggy paul we were in pittsburgh playing
in nashville just a insane open ice hit crush oh yeah and the next day we came to the rink and
mark rack he's like you hear about ziggy i'm like no he's like you retired that was it another one
bx told me we went home is uh you loved your poker, your online poker and your cards.
You'd land from whenever you were in a road city,
you'd land, you'd go to the hotel, you'd stay in the hotel.
Do you go to sleep playing poker?
Dude, he would work guys on the plane.
It was like free money for him.
Well, back in the day, now that I've actually learned to play,
when I look at myself 10 years ago,
I didn't actually even know how to play.
But yeah, I mean, we'd go into the road and uh go right to the hotel and just go on poker
stars and just play cards poker until about 11 12 o'clock on occasion if i'd make a final table
i'd be up a little bit later but but uh for the most part yeah that was my routine i mean then
that's kind of where you know i get i was always known for for room service. I never went out to dinner.
I was at room service.
So for the first few years, it was always because of playing poker.
Then poker became, you couldn't play online poker anymore.
So I just stuck with that routine.
I just watched whatever, sports.
He did a lot of room service.
But one day, we were out in Vancouver.
What's that place that you love?
Cipino?
Cipino.
Oh, it's closing, I think.
It's closing in december
i went twice this summer man it's just like a little iconic uh unbelievable chef's side
because lou's not there anymore yeah so anyways i kept the business yeah we walk in he's room
service you can never get him out to dinner it was a great occasion when he did we're in vancouver
we walk into chapino's there's a big circle table in the middle like
probably for six to eight people it's just lou the owner's coming out talking food everywhere
i look to the left and a small little table like this george clooney lou absolutely pigeon toss
george clean probably the first time no one even cared that george clooney was there everyone's
like that's incredible did you get to say hi to him?
I don't remember that story.
I remember that.
Yeah.
And then remember, we were sitting there.
And then he's like, ah, you guys can come sit with me.
And we felt like we were sitting with the Don.
The Don, yeah.
It was great.
I'm going to make you an offer.
You can't refuse.
He had his cat.
So good.
What else?
So is it Turin, Italy? How do you say the name turin uh torino or is it
torino i keep saying torino to him and he keeps telling me and online it says torin maybe i said
it wrong but he said he said french yeah yeah sorry torino italians you know i'll have to look
at my notes after i think it was on the notes app We had it like that. But when you went into that Olympics,
you were like the second or third string.
And I think Marty had an average game.
And Pat Quinn was the coach.
Yes.
And he came in the locker room.
I'll let you take over the story.
You probably know what he's going to tell, no?
Yeah.
So he looked over at me.
And I don't remember which game it was.
But he looked over at me after the game.
He's like, Carl, oh, you're starting next game.
I was like,
what?
Is he talking to me?
Or I don't know.
I think cause he coached the Leafs at the time.
Right.
And I think Carlo Koliakova was one of his players.
So he must've got us mixed up or something.
So he's like,
Carlo,
you're starting next game.
And I was like,
I didn't know what he meant.
Like it was a me or was it somebody else?
Or I don't know.
So we kind of just.
The way that bx
tells it is like he lit up the whole room then he's like be ready to play be ready to play tomorrow
and carlo you're going and then like nobody knew who the fuck he was talking about so uh turco went
in i guess it asked him that's what that's what bx oh is it yeah maybe i said he went in and he
goes he goes he goes he looks like a fucking carlos that was bx's story so sorry
but he likes to zhuzh it up a little bit oh he puts a little salt pepper on his stories
okay well that's that's how you make it good i guess like the success in vancouver like leads
into the 2010 olympics um that atmosphere was something i'll never forget personally like the the city was just so electric
when you ended up taking over were you shocked were you you must have been really wanting that
and ready for it but like take me through finding out that news so we played i think it was uh
usa in the the first round and we lost i don't remember what it was it was the second i think
it was the third game kessler scored one of the best empty net goals i've ever seen in that game wasn't yeah
kessler okay i was gonna oh kessler was out there in an empty net
so we lost there was a third game we lost to the usa and then we're on the bus going to hockey uh
like team canada house or whatever the whatever it was called uh for you know meet up with the
families well i've lost we're on the bus and uh we we got to the house and i get a text from babs he's like uh he's like come see me in
the front of the bus i was like okay so i walk up there he's like he's like he's like it's your
tournament for the rest of it so get ready you're going and i was like holy shit i got so nervous
i was like right to the right to the shit on the bus right on the bus so yeah so as soon as he told me i was like never felt nerves
like that before you know it was like because just hits you in one shot and then you like you
realize like it's the olympics you're in vancouver you're playing for vancouver like holy holy smokes
like uh this is crazy it's crazy and then like my like my family my whole family was was there
and as soon as i
walked towards them they all looked at me and i was like what's wrong is everything okay like i
was wet as a ghost and i was like yeah i was like i'm going i'm starting next game and so you were
that effective hearing that well i was you know it's a big moment right it's a big moment like
this is like 2010 olympics of vancouver i've been waiting for that you know for years and
for that opportunity and you know when you finally you know he kind of hits you and it took me a few minutes to digest it but
it all happened quick and then um i just remember the nerves right the the just the pressure of it
all i mean you're representing your country in canada yeah it was crazy was it was it like had
you made peace with like oh i'm not going to start this tournament? Obviously going in, you wanted to start.
Yeah, I mean, I wasn't sure I was going to go.
I started the first game, I think it was against Norway,
or I think it was Norway or Denmark,
one of the two countries, and I played pretty well.
And then Marty played the next game against Switzerland.
I think we lost in a shootout or won in a shootout.
And then the third game against USA,
we kind of lost pretty badly.
And then that's when they made the switch.
So, I mean, at that point of the tournament,
I wasn't really expecting to get the nod.
And I kind of saw that Marty was the guy still.
So, you know, I was just staying ready just in case something happened to him.
And then when the switch happened, it was kind of like, holy shit,
like I got to get ready.
Were you able to stay at home or were you with the team at the so what we did was uh we could go home at the night like let's say
we played a game we could go home that night uh but afterwards the next day we have to go back to
the village and stay there until the next baza style yeah that must have helped so much though
just being kind of in your town right like that's just like your routine for for at least some sort
of it no really because everything was closed off like you couldn't really go anywhere you know what i mean so it was like
and literally just go home uh you know eat then go to sleep and the next morning i was back in
the village because you kind of i kind of still want to experience the olympic experience right
that's what it's all about that's one of the best parts about the olympics is like being in the
village with all the other athletes and taking all that stuff in so i i i enjoyed the fact that i was able to go home you know for a few hours and
see my wife and and my family and stuff but uh you know being part of the the olympic village is
just huge because it was in van very few guys were able to go to the opening ceremonies but
were you there when it happened or were you guys on the road no we're in buffalo we were playing
in buffalo on the friday and the opening ceremony so i was remembering watching it on tv and i was like oh
shit i'm gonna be there in like two days but uh the closing ceremonies was right after the gold
medal game and uh a few people went like some some of the guys ended up going some guys were
like flying out that night so it's kind of a bit of a whirlwind once it was over but uh
um yeah i wasn't able to go to that do you have any
like uh like fun stories that you remember i think we had mike richards on and he was talking about
how like drew dowdy was an animal he was like going out every night and he showed up like 45
minutes before the game he was late remember i think he said he was pretty late to the not pretty
late but yeah like way after most guys um for the gold medal game which it was at noon yeah yes it
was at noon that was the best part of it like it's you wake up and you go like you don't have all day to sit on it and wait and
think about the game you're like oh thank god you just get up boom you're there and you're playing
that game was just so incredible like for us for for us to tie it up yeah i can say us
you had to what was your what was your thought process at intermission who was talking like
it was just so crazy that that ended up happening all of a sudden its next goal wins
yeah i mean it was uh after they tied it you just felt everything everybody just deflated
and then even even us like it was tough like to give up a goal there in the last minute
thank god we had we went to the locker room after the the third like it wasn't like
over time right away we had time to go to the locker room and regroup it's pretty quiet for the first couple minutes uh then some of the older
guys started speaking up you know prongs nita meyer those guys and you know kind of refocused
the energy to like hey this is like the overtime gold medal game like this is what you would dream
of so kind of got the boys back in focus and and we went out there, and then we saw, you know, obviously, the golden goal.
Of course.
Crosby, of course he gets it.
So the play, I don't know if you guys rewind that play to the beginning.
Like Pavelski has a one-timer from the high slot,
and I make an elbow save, and I'm actually freezing that puck.
Like the play was done.
Like I was freezing that puck, but the defenseman calls for it,
so I slid it to him.
Or else that play wouldn't have even happened. Who it probably dowdy no finally on time with some still hung over from the night before i was like yeah give me the puck
no i think it was uh i think it was i can't remember i think it was needs might have been
i'm not sure i might i think it was needs but i'm not sure so they called for and i slid it to him
and then we went yeah yeah yeah yeah he called for it and I slid it to him. And then we went up. You didn't say yeah, yeah, yeah?
I called for it.
So I gave it to him right away.
And then we went on the other side. That's unbelievable.
Lou's famous for, you know, you have your goalie calls.
What are they?
Over.
Leave it.
Leave it.
Over.
Play it.
Yeah.
Yeah, play it.
Play it was never.
And if you didn't say, I would just say yeah, yeah, yeah, if I wanted it.
And he would just have his head down and look up.
What the fuck is yeah, yeah, yeah?
During the play. It got me so mad. I'm like, what do you mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can mean leave it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can i wanted it and he would just have his head down look up what the fuck is yeah yeah yeah during the play it got me so mad i'm like what do you mean yeah what yeah yeah i can mean leave it yeah yeah i can mean play it what are you what are you trying to say like i'm not
a mind reader like just tell me what you want no refused what was your recollection of playing with
this idiot oh man i have one shift i wish i still had it on video it was the best the overtime shift
where you're you lost your stick and you're like you're jumping you at one point you jump
over me from behind the goal line i was like what is he i was like what is he the best part
about yans is he never blocked the shots i was never afraid of him screaming you know i never
scared that he was gonna scream me i wasn't gonna see you could prepare like i'm good actually
that's better than screaming you have a hall of it listen listen up goalies you want to be a hall
of famer just save it he was giving it
to gordo one time because gordo was really grumpy about and he used to block shots every game like
five and then finally he ended up getting on get one by accident and he was like crawling off the
ice oh he must have i don't think he did another practice no i saw you walk one shot i mean you
did a flamingo hit the other leg but i remember remember it. That's a similar thing. It was in Dallas when I took the one off the knee.
And in Dallas, I tried getting off.
You know how in Dallas you get off through that gate?
Oh, yeah.
I tried getting off.
The cop was looking at me.
He's like, mid-game.
Oh, buddy, where all the cheerleaders hang out and try to get off the ice.
They're snapping it around.
And I'm like, open.
I'm like, sticking my stick. And I'm like sticking my stick and i'm like get the
ambulance it was bad oh fuck and then and then the next day gordo was giving it to you and you
were not happy you finally got it back and you know because he went to block a shot and he missed
it and it went in and i skated by him go where were you on that one you idiot oh he must oh yeah
he goes after the game parking lot i'm like oh yeah let's do it
we were going to fight in the walk wait who's gordo oh boy gordon oh okay yeah yeah let's go
i get undressed i'm like all right i'm ready let's go fight he goes let me finish my stretches
goes and stretches as he's stretching i go in the trainer's room i'm taping my wrist just in case
and then uh one of the donor one of the trainers like what
the hell are you doing i'm like me and gordo are going to fight they're like no you're not
they're like all right we got to make this a joke somehow so they like tinfoil my knuckles
and they're like you got to go in and put vaseline on your face yeah make this a joke and uh yeah oh
he was dying oh it broke the ice perfectly oh thank god he had a stretch for 45 minutes or
you guys would have went did you ever snap on a defenseman that kind of feel bad after at least you didn't get the vulcun well i was known
for like giving the eye like when they get scored on the it's uh i didn't even realize i would do it
half the time you know but um you got that better than this no this is bad no i never put my arms
up but i would always like the eye was scared it was like your dad looking at you. How is that?
I fall.
Here's one that the exit told me you gave when your D man a suey one time and you always
used to have this water bottle by the bench.
And so the next time out, they've taken it and they throw it down the hallway.
They wouldn't give him his juice because he gave one of your D man a suey pass.
It's a cappuccino.
Yeah.
Unreal. Unreal. I wasn't known for my puck handling you know that's the reason i got traded the first time but then i kind of got a little bit better
at it and i just keep it simple just pass it i would never try to make like fancy plays and yeah
by the end i was i would say almost average if you skate out now your hands brutal
i'm a good hand you know i got good hands i'm good hands. I'm a righty. I'm a righty. And then when I play goal, I'm lefty.
You should have done the flip over.
Didn't some guys do the flip over?
Yeah.
Well, that's Cujo used to do it.
Cujo used to do it, yeah.
That's the only guy that's ever done that.
Oh, wow.
I thought more people would have done that.
He could snap it, too, when he would like.
Well, you get it on the backhand, right?
Yeah, and then you just shovel it out.
Yep.
He did say one of the most impressive things he's seen is,
I think you took a puck in the neck.
Yeah. Was it a pregame skate or something? It was in Montreal. he did say one of the most impressive things he's seen is i think you took a puck in the neck yeah
it was it more a pre-game skate or something it was there it was in montreal it was uh it was uh
we were there the day before the game it was a practice and uh i think it was one of the
sardines hit me in the throat uh with a shot in practice the day before and then like my throat
was like closing up so i had to go to the hospital i think that's the stories were fun yes yeah so i
went to the hospital and they're like yeah we got to keep you overnight just to make sure just in case the swelling goes up blah blah
so I spent the night and then you're not you're not laying down you got to sit up the whole night
you're like this and you're like you're not sleeping so the next day they discharged me I
go to the rink I take morning skate and I played let's go you're good you're good to go yeah shut out shut out that night by the end of his career if you shot it by i meant nick
bugstad absolute meathead he'd come down first drill right by his ear lou would just skate off
gone and then the rest of the practice would have one goalie oh no that's not true this wasn't
during the season this was like the captain's
i'm not staying if you do that i get it is i mean i get it i mean first shot first shot first drill
the practice like just like if you're doing a two-on-one and three-on-two you want to try to
go bar down and it's okay i get it yeah but the first drill you know you try to warm up the goal
you like give them something feel good yeah well i couldn't raise the puck so don't look at me i i think that at some point when you got to van
i saw this twitter account strong bone one and for i'm gonna say two to three years like had
no idea who it was would tweet like rarely but very funny and then somebody said that's
roberto the long knew. Nobody believed it.
What made you start that?
And Juice had actually told us that your humor really came out once that began.
Yeah, I mean, that's kind of who I was from the beginning.
But I had a tough time a little bit in Van dealing with the media stuff.
From Florida, too.
Yeah, it was tough.
It was tough.
It was a tough adjustment for me.
And that's on me. I wasn't quite ready for it and then it took me a while to get to understand everything
and deal with that stuff so uh it was kind of an out for me right I just kind of started on my own
and then just the people I kind of knew knew about it and then it kind of started getting out then
some of the players started following me and then uh I think it was might have been Ryan Kessler
might have tweeted something about my account one time about taking long walks or something on game days and then that's how it
kind of started to catch on you know did you not want that at the time uh i don't know i was just
yeah it happened it happened organically nobody really thought it was me till like way past like
years yeah people were still questioning it they're like it's too good to be
true that this guy there was like uh conspiracy theories like one time like uh james duthie from
tsn sent me like a picture from uh like a t-shirt um of a skit that we had done one time so he sent
it to me and then i posted and they're like look you can see his reflection in the mirror it's
james duthie so it was like people was like people thought I didn't write my own tweets
and all that kind of stuff.
So it was fun.
It was part of the whole thing for me.
I liked the fact that it was like I never wanted to get the check mark.
I didn't want any of that stuff.
I just liked the fact that it was like could be me, could not be me.
What is the avatar?
Question mark?
Yeah, it's a question mark.
It's kind of like you get to play with the fans now.
Like you're normally the main focus where you're like oh i get to toy them and it was almost like
a fun outlet for you and a way to show off your sense of humor exactly and i get to make fun of
myself so it kind of took a lot of the edge off yeah everything and made me feel better
uh so it kind of was it was it was actually turned into something great like it wasn't
the intention at the beginning but it kind of morphed into something that uh really helped me out and you mentioned the skit you did
with duffy so you might have done a few like uh i guess you can call them content pieces now uh
you ended up doing more and more of those like did you did you love doing all that stuff and and
and you know yeah i was i mean i mean being silly which night and duffy had developed a great
relationship you know the first one we did was here in florida
with the noodles yeah with the zamboni and then uh we kind of followed up and then we did another
one after the olympics and then then the one with schneider actually that was actually i called duffy
up and i was like hey let's do one with them because at the time there was uh it was a big
controversy right me and schneids and this and that meanwhile we're you know good buddies right
and uh obviously we both wanted to play but there was no animosity we you know we left pushing each other
and uh so it was great so i kind of had the idea i called james and like hey let's can we do a piece
about the blah and he's like yeah that's a great idea so we met you met i think it was in columbus
and we we shot it there yeah that's probably the most famous one and we got to talk about the cup
run like that like that's like the you know the pinnacle of your time in Vancouver.
And what was just that team like, that experience like?
And just like I guess go through it.
Yeah, I mean, listen, we won the President's Trophy that year.
I think, you know, we had a great team from top to bottom,
you know, like great lines.
We had every type of player.
A lot of players that other teams hated, which seems to be like a good uh recipe for success these days yeah tojo torres
was a kessler kessler bx burrows oh my god we had a lot of characters on that oh yeah so but they
were great guys it was fun man the locker room was fun and and uh kept the light you know when
the sedins were uh more quiet but you know, great leaders. So it was just going into the first round, we're facing Chicago,
which was our nemesis.
They had beat us, you know, a couple times already.
Defending cup champs.
Yeah, and they had just snuck into the eighth seed that year.
So we're like, really?
Like, we got to face them in the first round?
Like, after, you know, we got the President's Trophy.
So similar to last year, we were got to face them in the first round? After we got the President's Trophy.
So similar to last year, we were up 3-0 in the series.
And game four, we get blown out in Chicago.
So now we go back to Van for game five.
And I didn't play a great game in game five, so we lost again.
It wasn't even close.
So we go back to game six in Chicago and they take me on the side.
They're like, hey, Schneider's going to start next game.
And I was like, I wasn't happy about it,
obviously because I wanted to play.
But they're like, listen, he's going to start this game.
If we win, you're going to start next series.
If we lose, you'll start game seven.
So obviously I digested it and I was fine.
So game six rolls around.
Close game, close game, blah, blah, blah.
So start the third period.
And I was backing up, so I was in the dressing room.
I wasn't on the bench.
I was in the dressing room.
Started the third period, first play, boom, penalty shot against Schneid.
I was like, oh, shit.
So the guy comes down scores and then i see schneid's like he's not getting up i was like
oh no what the hell what's happening wait what what's happening he's like and then then the
trainer runs and he's like you gotta come you're you're in you're going in like schneid's is
cramping up and i was like what that was not my third hot dog. Like, I was like.
On the shitter.
So I was like, wait, I got to go take a quick shit before I go.
No.
So I was like, oh, okay.
So, and this is, this, I'll never forget this moment. I swear to God, like people hated me in Chicago because of the history,
whatever.
So coming out of the locker room and coming through the tunnel,
I felt like Stone Cold Steve Austin going to the ring.
I was so crazy. People were yelling. I was angry up though oh it was crazy i loved it it was insane it was
insane i don't ever forget it like yelling at me i was like ah and so i get in the net uh i actually
played pretty good third period we go to overtime we end up losing overtime so back to game seven
now we're back in game seven now obviously you know it's
kind of like last year in the playoffs right now we lost three in a row it's game seven
president's trophy yeah what's happening so uh same exact kind of game you know is
we're up one nothing uh we get two minutes left in the third period
uh they take a penalty we're on the power play. Two minutes left in the game.
Just end the clock, boys.
Yeah.
Turn around, turn over.
Tays comes, cuts across, and I make the save.
Hosa bangs in a rebound.
Oh, my God.
I don't even remember this.
Yeah, a minute left in the game.
Shorthanded?
Shorthanded.
Oh, my God.
Shorthanded.
We're going overtime.
A couple minutes in overtime, Burroughs takes a penalty.
So now they're on the power play.
And, you know, they had some pretty good players.
Five Hall of Famers, maybe.
Yeah.
And then, so I don't know if you guys ever saw the save on Sharp,
on the back door.
So I make that save.
And then puck goes on the other end.
Burroughs comes out of the box.
You know, the rest is history.
And if you guys ever look at the celebration we had after we won that game it was like the us we would have thought we won the
cup that night it was like just because of the history and coming back and almost losing and
winning the series so um so that was the first round wow wow that was uh that was crazy and then
the emotion of that yeah it was insane it was insane and uh you know it seems that's why last
year in the
final i kind of always brought myself back to the chicago series right i was trying to go how did
the guys feel how do we feel like how do what do we do all that kind of stuff so it kind of
you know helped me out and i was talking to you know our goalie coach a little bit about you know
the experience and all that kind of stuff that how well we went through so um so that was that
then the next round we faced Nashville,
which that was the Kessler series.
Oh, man, he was the biggest piece of shit in the world to play. And he was lighting it up.
He was lighting it up in that series.
He won the series pretty much.
Like every game he scored, it was just nobody could stop him.
And then we faced San Jose.
San Jose in the third round.
That was a tough build in the play. Yeah, but I loved playing. Both teams looking to get over the hump round um that was a tough building to play in yeah but i
love looking to get over the hump and get to the final yeah yeah yeah and the crazy part is nashville
and san jose those are my two favorite buildings to play in i always love playing those buildings
i don't know why i always found success there so as a player when we would go in there you just had
to survive the first 10 minutes it was 10 shots in the first five minutes guaranteed guaranteed
every time what was that Metallica song playing?
Oh, they would come out to it.
I don't know.
One of those arunas, you feel like they're on top of you.
I wonder if that's why.
That's why I love it.
Yeah.
Because you feel like the crowd's on top of you.
And then every save you make, you just hear their reaction.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's what fueled me every time.
So I love playing in those barns.
So we played San Jose.
We won the first two games, go to San Jose,
lost game three, win game four,
go back home for game five, double overtime.
And Kevin scores that goal where it goes off the stanchion.
Nobody knows where it was except for me and him.
We were the only two people in the whole rink
that knew the puck was right there.
And when he shot it, you know, we reacted to it.
So that was that.
And then, you know then obviously the final.
It was a tight series at home in Boston, not so much.
First game, 0-0.
We scored with a minute left.
And Torres scores, and we are up 1-0.
Game two, Burrow scores in overtime, like five seconds into overtime.
Wrap around, I think, right?
Yeah, wrap around. right around so it's two
zero and then we go to boston and that's where the series kind of changes not and not even in
the first period because uh while rome hits uh horton and he takes the five minutes i was sitting
i don't think that was i was sitting we were sitting right yeah eight rows above your bench
right where he got hit that was that shouldn't have been a five right it was horton it was i think it was late and i'd have to look at it again whether it was a five or not
you know probably was a five but he got suspended the rest of the series and we were already down
a couple defensemen that were hurt hamus was out that was a huge loss yeah that was a huge loss
for us so we were down a lot of defensemen in that series so we kill off the five minute and like i was feeling good i was playing good and then uh second period rolls around and
for there was a harmless shot from the blue line it was a wrister it was it wasn't even hard and
kevin was standing right in front of me and i didn't see it i just like went in the corner
and after that the wheels like fell off like it
was like scoring chance goals i was letting in bad goals and then same thing in game four same
thing happened like i was didn't play well so now game five rolls around we're back in van and that's
discussion kind of opens up again as far as who should start because of you know they did in chicago blah blah
so i ended up starting game five we went again one zero that was a sick game yeah that was crazy
that was really really i think we scored like early in the third period uh lapierre off the
boards rebound banged it in so and we ended up hanging on one zero again so at that point it
was three two and at that point personally in my heart i felt like we
we had a really good chance to win it i felt like confident going back to boston i wasn't like
scared or nervous you're like we learned from that first trip there we got it yeah and then
the weirdest thing this is the weirdest thing i'll never understand is before game six i was
in the dressing room and i and i had sometimes as a goalie and i don't know if it's the same for
everybody like sometimes as a goalie you just know when you're gonna play good and i had that
feeling like dude i feel like i'm unbelievable i feel amazing i feel confident so i feeling in the
world usually when that happens your lights out i get on the i got i got three goals in the first
period i was out did you feel that way after warm-ups or even before it before and then warm-ups went fine or everything was fine everything was fine in warm-ups it felt good
wow marshy took a wrister from the from the outside hash and from like a pretty bad angle
and it just caught me and it went like short side and then i don't know what happened i was
i was dumbfounded because i i felt good and I felt confident. Usually that means I'm going to have a good game
and for some reason that didn't happen.
So, you know, we ended up getting blown out again that game.
And, you know, we have to go home for game seven again.
So that was, it was another roller coaster of emotions.
And, you know, I was not as mature as I am now back then.
And things wore on me a lot more, you know,
when I had trouble getting past certain things.
So just going into game seven, I felt pretty good,
and, you know, the first goal was kind of a weird play.
It was a bang-bang play where Berge just, like, knocks it out,
threw a defenseman, and just hits the post and goes in,
and we're down 1-0, going to the second,
and it was another weird goal where i make the save on version he just rolls into me and like
everything goes in the net you know myself on the puck and they counted it so we ended up losing
then they scored an empty net for nothing final and that was it but um that was a tough one yeah
oh yeah such a ride we appreciate you yeah that was an incredible insane breakdown of that run
and and yeah it's amazing to hear amazing to hear you said in game six you had all the confidence
in the world based on how game six went did were like did you not feel that way going into seven
like where were you at i felt good but i was just uh at that point i knew it was game seven and like
it was do or die so it's like the nerves were more present than anything else like i wasn't really nervous before game six which is weird
you know because you have a chance to win it but um you know going into game seven against boston
was kind of the same feeling as going into game seven against chicago right it's like just the
game seven nerves that are kind of taken over do you say you're more mature now and handling things
so if you go back and you mentioned the media,
you weren't necessarily like always down with doing all that.
Was it because if they said something bad,
you'd kind of hold onto it?
Like you'd hear it and then you'd let,
you'd be thinking about it.
Yeah.
I mean,
listen,
I had trouble handling criticism.
That was my biggest problem.
You know,
whether it was media or fan related,
I had trouble handling that for some reason.
And when I got to that market, I don't think I was really fully prepared for what was to come.
And unfortunately, I had to learn through the tough times.
And I wish I could do it differently as far as not letting what anybody says
affect me. Guys and and guys you
can do that it's also i'm sure you came from a very positive family and then we talked about
your whole career i mean you're drafted uh second overall in the queue fourth overall in the nhl so
you kind of had never experienced that coming up so all of a sudden it's coming in that market and
you're like what the fuck is this like i thought we were in this together almost you know yeah no
i mean listen i understand where it came from now.
I understand where it comes from.
You know, I set such a high standard in the first year,
you know what I mean?
And I needed to follow it up.
And I was at certain points, but certain points I wasn't.
And when I wasn't, that was when it was tough for me to deal with it.
In retrospect, like I get it now, you know, I get it now
and I wish i could have
handled a different i think it would have made for a healthier me and a better me when i was there
and probably play better at certain certain points uh but you know um when when the times were good
they were good that's great town to be playing in uh you know when the team's buzzing especially
uh i don't think anything beats it oh i, I was just going to ask a side question
regarding this Four Nations tournament.
Do you follow all the Canadian goalies in the league?
And right now, maybe who would be your three picks
if you had to pick?
He'd put himself in.
Yeah, well, let's go, baby.
Let's go, baby.
Yeah, I mean, right now, it's...
I mean, I know the picks are on the corner,
and I think it's just a few weeks away.
So it's...
I'd probably go with the guy
that's playing the best at the moment. You know I don't think there's a clear cut
number one uh I know guys like Binner they've won a cup before so they've they've played in this
high pressure situation Hill uh you know he's won a cup with Vegas so these guys have played in
in high pressure situations but the other day I mean uh I think you got to roll with the guy
that's the hottest at the time I mean there's no clear cut number one that as far as i see uh you know maybe maybe binner's got a
bit of an edge uh but uh it's going to be for me as whoever's the hottest guy would play back to van
when you got there you said that the sedins kind of took off yeah two of the most fun players to
ever watch even playing against them like are there plays, like not to put you on the spot you remember,
or was it more just overall every game,
these no look behind the back passes?
Well, I mean, it was more for practice.
More in practice, I see it all, right?
And then the thing that amazed me about them
is that they knew where they were on the ice
without even looking at each other at all times.
Like, they can pass it to each other,
like without, like he's over there, I'm over there.
You're looking this way, and you just put it on a stick. And every time like he's over there. I'm over there looking this way.
And you just give it, put on a stick.
And every time.
It's on a stick every time.
Every time.
And I was like, how is that possible?
Like, so that they had an unbelievable connection,
obviously because they're twins, but it was in practice.
It was, it was amazing to watch them do their thing.
And also their work ethic.
I would imagine.
Like I hear all these stories about them doing the grouse grind.
They're still, they're beating, they're beating the guys now. They're beating the guys now they're they got the best if you if they go against every every
nhl player in vancouver right now they'd have a better time like a like a fitness training in the
training camp they did it they did it at development camp they beat every every rookie
come on still i think they do it every year at their development yeah they do a development
camp every year they have they have the best time oh my god yeah they're just freaks um uh so maybe other players that you play with especially internationally that you were
just like jaw dropped by that your experience with them was like oh i have to talk about this
on the pod because it was that special well i played with mario mario at uh the world cup in
2004 oh wow 2004 yeah yeah that was uh that was quite special you know and uh so i played with him uh
that was uh that was uh that was great i mean you know he's mario so uh uh that was a great
experience and um you know i played i played with yogs in florida you know that was that was
he was he was skating at night when he was down here he was skate like i hear stories like he was
bringing bark off with him yeah that's that's how barky kind of like developed his like work skating at night when he was down here i think he was skate like i hear stories like he was bringing
bark off with him yeah that's that's how barky kind of like developed his like work routine or
work ethic didn't they have to shut barky down like that guy yeah i think yeah you gotta stop
hernade a disc and they're like bud you're fucking skating with ankle weights yeah dude i've never
seen yogs i've never seen anything like it he's always you saw it there yeah so you saw he's
always had like hankle weights he was like weighted on a stick uh gloves like on the ice
weight on the stick yeah the candling yeah shoot the ball in the hallway yeah the medicine ball
the big medicine medicine ball like if you try to shoot it with your stick you can't move it like
you can barely move it and he rifles it off the wall.
He's insane.
I've never seen him. Couldn't make a flat sock.
Weighted vest.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
He's just all the time.
He was just 24-7.
See him out on the town.
He's got the weighted vest on, no shirt.
It's just hockey all day.
Yeah.
So he had a key to the facility.
And he would come in every night and just do all the.
Yeah.
If the ice was available, he'd come in at 10 o'clockclock and then skate for an hour i don't know what he would do but
skate for an hour and then he started bringing barky a few times i don't know how many times
he's he went but he was there a bunch of times and then i think they have to tell barky hey
you know like you gotta ease off everyone um so your your time in van came to an end and
you had never made playoffs with Florida in your first spot,
whatever, when you were here the first time.
The second time, I think you guys ended up making it
but lost in the first round in six.
Finally coming back and getting over the edge
and breaking into playoffs again, that must have been amazing.
Yeah, that was great.
When I came back the second time, that was my goal.
I wanted to make the playoffs with the team
because I didn't get a chance the first time around, Second time, that was my goal. I wanted to make the playoffs with the team, you know,
because I didn't get a chance the first time around.
So that was one of the things that I really wanted to try to get accomplished.
And I think it was the second full year back,
we played the Isles in the first round.
So we actually, I think the Isles were wild card that year.
You guys won the Atlantic, I think. Yeah, we won the Atlantic and the Isles were the wild card. a wild card that year. You guys won the Atlantic, I think.
Yeah, we won the Atlantic, and the Isles were the wild card.
I mean, every game was close.
It was a couple of double overtime games.
Yeah, every game was close.
We couldn't score.
We couldn't score on the other goalie.
And every game was like 2-1, overtime, double overtime.
And unfortunately, we lost in game six.
Tavares scored on that goal.
But it was a great series.
It was fun.
I wish we could have.
Who was playing in net for the Islanders then?
It was the German guy.
Oh, yeah.
I played with him.
We played with him.
I forgot his name.
Abish.
Oh, yeah.
No, short name.
Colt Cancock.
He's got a wrench on him grace
not even from germany he associated right away oh yeah grace yeah yeah he was good you got like 19
years did you know at the end it's time your body tell you your mind yeah my body my body was kind of like
shutting down a little bit like i had i had hip surgery like a couple years before i retired
uh and then when i got back i just said it was just constant maintenance right i had to like
go to the rink like two hours before every practice saying you were doing the timmy stuff
yeah like it was it's mentally it was mentally draining i'd become a job you know and that's
what i didn't like about it so on game days I had to show up two hours before morning skate,
then come back, and then two and a half hours before game.
What, hip and back, or just a bunch of different?
It was just hips mostly.
Just hips.
Just hip mostly.
And then at night, I had to do stuff at home,
like just to stay loose.
And so it had become a job.
I mean, I still loved the game, you know,
and it had become a job.
And then, you know, I went through a really tough stretch. Um, you know,
I got, I was getting hurt a lot, first of all,
like every year I'd get hurt and then rehab and,
and then the first game of the year in Tampa, I, uh,
Frank Vetrano fell on my, on my leg. I, I, I heard my MCL. I lost,
I missed a month, came back. And when I came back, I went on a tear.
I won like, i think six in
a row and then after that i probably played like shit for two months straight and i couldn't get
it back and i lost my confidence and then that's when the wheels kind of start turning your head
like am i done am i done and that's that's the worst thing you can do right and i think you
kind of don't believe in yourself anymore and then you know that thought process was going
through my mind the whole time the whole time the whole time and then I kind of started getting it back a little bit in February started
feeling good again and uh that's about that time that uh you know the season was coming close to
an end and I started playing pretty well and I wasn't sure what I was going to do yet you know
I wasn't sure what uh what I was going to do yet so um once the season ended i took a couple weeks and uh you know usually i started
working out you know mid-may early june at the latest and once that rolled around i was like
i don't want to go i don't feel like i want to do this again you know i don't want to put myself
through the grind one more time and i went to the gym a couple times and i was like you know what
yeah i think this is it wow yeah it's like the body just kind of says, that's it.
The body had had enough.
A little bit off topic. I'd just love to know your opinion on what could the league or what do the fans want to see most with goalie interference?
Like, are you confused now as much as we sometimes are when we talk on the show?
Oh, I guess you can't even talk about this, buddy. Can could talk about it what do you want to talk so you're never confused
when you see these well i'm confused when it goes against us yes
any goal that stands fuck that that's unreal all right well we've took the one the one the one
thing i the one thing that bothers me the most is when the players, like,
shove the puck in with a pad.
You know what I mean?
Like, the goalie can't do anything in that situation.
Those are the ones that sometimes when they call them goals,
those really upset me a little bit.
But, I mean, for the most part, I think they get most of the calls right.
You know, there might be one call once in a while where you feel like
it's a little bit of a double standard.
For example, like, sometimes like a flash screen, the player will hit the goalie's head a little bit of a double standard. For example, like sometimes like a flash screen,
the player will hit the goalie's head a little bit, okay?
And it happened one time like they called no goal
and then the next time it'll be a goal.
And that's sometimes where the confusion comes in.
But for the most part, I would say like 90, 95 of the time,
the call is right.
So you're just saying it's impossible to get them right every time?
Yeah, it's tough because a lot of them are judgments you know what i mean like it's judgment call because
it's like the intentions and you know there's there's a lot of a lot of different things
happening at the same time i use your scenarios exactly the same yeah every scenario is different
so and the person making the call you know is maybe they see it a different way.
So who knows?
There's a lot of gray area there.
But I say for the most part, they do a pretty good job.
Are you pleased with where the league is at in general
and the growth of the game?
I mean, you're seeing down here in South Florida.
But just from even a fan perspective,
are you very happy about where the NHL is at with everything?
Yeah.
I mean, listen, in South Florida, it's been, it's been amazing the last four years,
you know, you could just see it growing constantly with, you know, it comes with the success of the
team, of course. And, um, it's just fun to be around here, but if you look throughout the league,
you know, there's a lot of good young players coming in, exciting players. Uh, there's a lot
of buzz around these guys. So I think that's what creates excitement and uh
you know the scoring's been up a little bit so you know all these things but for me and this is one of the the things that that that you know i used to hear a lot when i played about you know
goal scoring and people for me goal scoring is not what make hockey exciting it's scoring chances
right that's what makes hockey exciting so we have to find a way to create more scoring chance
not the way to create more goals yeah yeah you can watch an incredible game that's low
scoring if it's back and forth great saves here and there this one's more for the people in
vancouver yan says you're obsessed with pizza you actually hold the nhl record for most pizza
slices consumed yep and that's how he got in the hall of fame yeah uh best pizza places in vancouver you know what when i played there
there was none i told you canada's weak for pizza there was none that was why we open a pizza joint
in vancouver let's go i used to get mine from a place in gastown i think it was called uh pizza
in in at the car or something like that but it was like there was no really good pizza places
maybe maybe there is now but when i was there i couldn't find a good pizza it was weird i know they opened up pizza
parlor now that's apparently not bad oh oh the parlor is awesome pizza they go they go in that
oven thing and oh yeah they got those pizzas that oven no they got the special one like it's kind of
like you're in grandma's backyard like quick yeah like johnny's a pizza i have a pizza oven in my backyard you do
yeah i don't i don't bake it though okay i have my father-in-law his father-in-law had a pizza
place his brother-in-law has a pizza place your brother is my brother montreal and then other fun
things to do in vancouver what would you do with your off time there online poker yeah online poker
uh i mean there's not much i could really do because you know i can
really go out in public that much but you know what we love to do is we'd like to go to chapinos
you know we'd go have a nice dinner there and yeltown you know it's great i used to walk around
there all the time so um you know we we used to like to go for a stroll that back then my kids
were really small so we used to take a lot of walks you know in yeltown and the seawall the seawall those were game day walks yeah that was beautiful
amazing interview yeah this is awesome we really appreciate your time and everyone's
gonna be super excited hearing your career story we'll have to do a skit sometime give back the
old acting chops up seriously i gotta pull up what was the one you said that because i remembered it
him and cory shiner yes yes yeah yeah and thanks for getting us this interview buddy yeah no I got to pull up. What was the one you said? Because I remembered it. Him and Corey Schneider? Yes, yes.
Yeah, and thanks for getting us this interview, buddy.
Yeah, no problem.
You thank my kids.
They're silly.
Part of the long go.
Spittin' Chicklets is sponsored by BetterHelp.
This month is all about gratitude,
and there's a person that we don't get to thank enough.
It's ourselves. It's sometimes hard to remind ourselves that we are trying our best to make sense of
everything and in this crazy world, it isn't easy. Everyone's doing their best. Everyone's trying to
be the best father, a husband, friend, brother, sister, and at times it may not feel like you are,
but you don't thank yourself enough. And here's a reminder to send some thanks to the people in
your life, including yourself. I've talked openly on this before, how I've had therapy and worked
with somebody and how much it helps and how much it kind of can put things in perspective when you
realize what other people are going through, what you're feeling overwhelmed with, and just getting
things off your chest can be such a difference maker and in finding joy. And part of it is
finding gratitude and appreciating
what you do have. I cannot recommend talking to someone enough and it's with BetterHelp that it'll
be very easy. If you're thinking of starting, just give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online,
designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. You just need to fill out a
brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapist anytime for no additional charge let the gratitude flow with better help visit better
help.com slash chicklets today to get 10 off your first month that's better help help.com slash
chicklets thank you so much to hockey hall famer roberto luongo what an incredible career that was awesome he opened up that recap of the
2011 playoff run oh it was wild and you know you can tell at the end it's hard for him to talk
about um I know exactly how he feels and I was not nearly the type of key player as he was
just an incredible career though let's make it clear he had no idea I was on Team USA
zero he's like why are you saying us oh you're from us yeah
he there's no i think i was on the ice in the gold medal maybe one shift and i was minus one
perry that's like me saying we and i'm talking about the maple leafs that's like this that's
what he is to say but i don't have a jacket yeah um we forgot a couple things biz just brought up kind of rattled first being um what ended up
leading to his trade from vancouver to back to florida was when uh he was snubbed for the start
in the heritage classic for eddie lack and i don't know you you said that led to the trade back yeah
i think that that was kind of maybe the final straw that's why you know we regret not asking
him and he might even have said like that had nothing to do with that but that's that's why you know we regret not asking him and he might even have said like
that had nothing to do with that but that's that's one of the the rumors that was out there another
thing was the fact that he was one of the only captain goalies in the history of the nhl yeah
regret forgetting that one but you know he was he was incredible with his answers like even asking
about that cup run he talked for 15 minutes and i was dialed in the entire time like i had fucking uh
goosebumps on my arm listening to him talk about that run um there was a few other ones too like
uh um some of his famous tweets uh referencing his infamous bath oh jesus christ referencing
his infamous bathroom break during a playoff game at least you guys in vancouver will get to see a
great goalie tonight marky elite elite
company you're an you're an idol uh his iconic tweet uh channeling kim kardashian featuring a
photoshop image of himself decided to take um it all off in support of my main strong my main man
strombo kardashian curse so i don't know i guess these are were better written down than me reading
them yeah you had to be there man yeah i guess you had to be there reading those ones fuck me uh keith you
are all now it was cool to hear him kind of talk about last year with the panthers and getting up
there there was something you told us yeah we forgot about with the yeah the violas and obviously
having the chance to play for you know vinnie and theresa and doug sifu as well amazing owners and i i heard this
somewhere else that the violas uh had gotten people who are original season ticket holders
from 93 till now every person that has stayed with the team through the ups and downs uh will
receive a stanley cup ring and you know i texted matt caldwell the ceo unbelievable guy he said
yeah there's 158 season ticket holders that-
From 93.
From 93 that will be getting rings.
And also, he didn't know if they were the only team,
but every employee is getting one and even the part-time employees.
So just, we talked about a lot with the Italian family,
with Lou and stuff like that.
That's how the Violas are, just family-oriented,
just taking care of their people.
And it's cool to hear the part-time guys.
We know how it is.
You come in the rink, the guys who hold the door for you.
Yeah, you're giving them knocks.
And they feel part of the team just as much as anyone else.
And to hear that those people who have been invested this long
with this organization are getting rings
was a pretty cool story to me.
That's awesome.
Didn't you tell when you played golf the other day you had him bring it?
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
I also forgot to say to him, his time in Florida and a lot of the years at the beginning when they struggled,
that place was empty a lot.
And now you go to a cat.
Give me a cat screech.
Oh, no.
That was a duck.
That was good.
That was legit.
That was legit.
So now to see the atmosphere and what
they've turned this this organization down here into amazing i'll get some quick hits around the
league oh i wanted to ask him sorry i wanted to ask him while he was playing remember he was
talking about getting pulled in game six in boston i think it was when he said he felt unbelievable
yeah and he gave up three and then got pulled. Like, as a goalie, like, you know, players get to work through it, right?
You can go out.
You can hit a guy, start a fight.
Like, you think he would want to finish that game to go into game seven?
I think they always want to finish.
And I think the coach is like, get him out.
Get him ready for seven.
Get him out.
This one's over.
Get ready for seven.
Yeah.
I kind of see both sides.
Yeah.
You know Vasilevsky would be just giving him the Dekende.
I know.
No, no, no, no. hey and also the the contract controversy that you call it a controversy
but in 2009 luongo signed a 12-year 64 million dollar contract that was heavily front-loaded
this contract later became problematic for salary cap reasons he said that led to the
my contract sucks comment which great job guys. Let's call him up right now.
Hey, can you come back?
You know what?
It was awesome chatting with him, though.
We appreciate that.
Want me to read more horrible tweets that I have written down?
Today, Junior?
I can't read.
Tanner Janone.
Thanks, OHL.
Three-game suspension for a hit on brock besser dirty
yeah uh i i've i've made it clear before the year that if you're watching your past i don't really
care that one was very late that one was real late you didn't mind it no no i hated it okay
i think those are the hits in the game where like we're all trying to make a living here like
where a guy doesn't see and you're're coming from behind him to hit him.
It's such an unnecessary play.
You can easily just get your body in front of him,
slow him down from getting in on the forecheck.
That's one of those hits.
It's borderline disrespectful.
It looks like you're going out and trying to hurt someone
where it has nothing to do with the play.
I get it sometimes on the forecheck.
A guy runs a guy. He's's taking 10 steps hit you from behind that's more of a hockey play
than what i saw in that clip and yeah i didn't like it one bit but then yet we kind of praise
a guy like sam bennett come playoff time so like what's your feeling on like you you got to have a
couple guys in your team that are going to throw that no yeah yeah you do i think yeah you definitely
have to have and i think sam bennett's done an unreal job with that um but he does it more in the playoffs
and it's like you know when the games are like that but where it's like regular season it's the
grind playoffs it's like every man for himself a little bit yeah and both the big hits that he's
thrown i mean uh they i mean the one was clean the one on slavin a lot lot of people obviously saw the one where he got Marchand on the button,
where that's probably not the best example.
But you're saying if it's playoff time, a little bit different, regular season,
like, come on, guys, let's just get through the 82,
and then we can lower the cage.
All-time interview with you after the Marchand one,
where he's just like, no, I didn't mean to do that.
Yeah.
It's like, okay.
He'll take that to the grave.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. And they win a cup, and he't mean to do that. Yeah. It's like, okay. He'll take that to the grave. Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
And they win a cup and he's going to get paid this summer.
He should be on Canada.
Other quick hits.
This wasn't on the list, but I just wanted to shout them out because they deserve some flowers, is the Los Angeles Kings.
Yep.
Leading the Pacific Division.
Yep.
They've played a couple more games than most teams, but.
Merle said they're not a playoff team.
Recently or before?
On text. He goes, they're not a playoff team recently or before on text he goes
they're not a playoff team i said you're fucking crazy without doubty um more has picked it up a
little bit as of late but wasn't going that good at the start by field uh has not got going yet
and there was one more i was thinking of was it uh not maybe fiala who hadn't been really
fiala was okay he got scratched he actually uh late for
a meeting missed a team meeting or late um said the iphone was broken was getting repaired his
ipad uh alarm didn't go off i mean it just sucks but i give the coach credit i give hillar credit
like well you're sitting tonight and he came back and i think he had a goal on assist yeah so that's
how to like show up after you know disappointing the coach it was also to know who'd been off to a slow start offensively
as well and i always talk about la's drafting and developing it's it's one of the best in the league
over the last 10 years let's say um le ferrier i mean he's got what 10 goals now i'm gonna talk
about him he's got nine goals 15 points in 16 games. He was a third round pick, hell of a pick.
That was after his second year in the USHL.
He'd played a little of the year prior, 12 games.
So his real rookie year in the USHL, 45 points in 42 games.
And third round pick, big kid, goes to Harvard,
lights it up for two years.
Right after his sophomore season at Harvard,
he went and played in the AHL, four games.
Boom, hasn't seen it since
he's an nhl player now you remember the best clip of his first nhl fight when his family was going
nuts in the stands last season so in new york i mean a new jersey kid usa player he's had an
awesome start to the year i mean it's it's cool to see and i think that a lot of people are like
oh my god doughty's out fuck that's not good this brand clark kid and that goal he scored on
you were on the broadcast correct uh well uh it wasn't him who scored it passed it's a spin around
yeah and he looked at him like what you know you you ever have an assist everyone's had one
where the guy immediately points to i think it feels better than scoring a goal 100 percent
because they're just like thank you buddy one time. One time I gave Eric Christensen in Boston.
He hadn't scored in a little while.
And I came in, got hit as the fourth man and just like picked up my head for a slapper and gave him a shot pass.
I hit his stick and went in.
And he's like, thank you.
I needed that so bad.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I was like, you're welcome, buddy.
Felt so good sharing and being someone that wouldn't take 17 samples of ice cream at Sloan's.
But I digress a little bit there.
We're going. I got one of those i gave connor murphy remember when he went uh like a high tip it was funny because the play before i was wide open streaking to the net and he ended up firing
it on yeah he saw it was you he's like no well and then he and then all of a sudden right in the
goalie's belly and i i tapped him i said I said, find me there with the high tip next time.
Sure enough, same fucking shit.
Why are you shaking your head like that didn't happen?
No, I'm sure it did, but the fact that it happened
has me shaking my head.
Like, that you got open two times in a row.
It was against the Carolina Hurricanes.
If Connor Murphy's listening, shoot me a text, buddy.
Thank you for that buddy pass.
Finding me for the high tip.
I looked like Pavel fucking Datsouk,
Detroit power play, Hall of famer knee down that segues us into jeremy ronick and we got a couple more things you want to go to ronick no no go ahead a couple more quick no you're driving
the bus a couple more quick hitters i apologize uh g had it highlighted uh daniel sprung i guess
i'm going from jr in the hall of fame i'm going to stop you to talk about daniel sprung i guess i'm going from jr in the hall of fame i had to stop you to talk about daniel sprung
traded to seattle for future considerations wasn't he already in seattle i thought he was there
before there was somebody on the chicklets group chat none of us sitting here and i'm not gonna
name that that was uh calling him out a little bit saying that he's been moved around a bunch
not a great teammate not my words not my words but who knows he can score i think no no never i don't think i
didn't think he said he wasn't a good teammate i think he said maybe a little arrogant where that
can rub off the wrong way on playing with certain guys and maybe that's what led to the fact it
wasn't going to work in vancouver but you said i want to say he had a good successful season in
seattle at one point now he's going back there and they could probably use a little bit of goal scoring because he had 20 last year and that's a cheap 20 because
he's making under a million seattle's in man i it's like where are they gonna go like what do
you see what say you're looking at um who who's an up-and-coming team you're like in a couple years
man utah yeah like utah i mean i'm trying to think who else
i would probably put anaheim yeah like i've actually said anaheim's gonna get a cup before
the devils really regret that one but yeah strong prospect pool guys coming up
the seattle cracking it's they can't score there's not much there they were really not great the first
year then they went on the run, beat Colorado game seven.
Now they're back to average after the year after the Colorado win being not great.
Kind of an odd time in Seattle.
We'll see what happens there.
Other quick hits.
I keep saying quick hits.
Quinn Hughes joins the 300 assist club.
He reached his 300 assist in just his 376th game.
Third fastest defenseman.
He, as Vancouver's kind of been up and down a little bit,
even though their record's better than you'd think,
he's sick.
He's dominating.
He's so fun to watch.
Even the other night, like a little toe drag he made,
a great goal, he made a great save.
I think it was, he had Minton game.
It was Saturday night.
Waterbug, just awesome player.
So fun to watch.
The fact that those three kids, Jackke and and um quinn are that good same family is wild to me the youngest player in the
nhl macklin celebrini scored on the oldest player in the nhl mark andre flurry little fun fact silly
fun fact silly we're getting silly sick shot and shout out san jose who were they own eight or oh and nine i
think have won four of their last five kind of like making this up a little bit but playing way
better and you said to me they're playing hard so ryan wasovsky friend of ours really happy to see
things turn around but celebrini coming back as a huge part of no no doubt and uh i think the game
notes guys mentioned wallman and he was on was on their team of the week or whatever.
I feel like he would be a great addition at the deadline.
He is.
To who?
What do you mean?
Yeah, to what team?
Any team that's looking for.
Is he UFA?
I didn't know if you were talking like Toronto.
Oh, no.
No.
But I'm impressed with the way that he walks the line.
I feel like he's almost like a poor man Quinn Hughes hughes where he's got a lot of those like those head fakes maybe more like an adam
fox not the speed that quinn hughes has but he's got one more year too so you're getting two
playoff runs with him that could be a nice be a winnipeg trade yeah winnipeg well you know who
could use defenseman and my boy stoff he made it clear everyone in edmonton's talking about right
shot d just get it anderson just just get anyone no don't he's saying don't worry about being a My boy Stoff, he made it clear. Everyone in Edmonton's talking about right shot D. Just get a defense.
Just get anyone.
No, he's saying don't worry about being a right shot.
Just get a puck mover.
Yeah.
Just have them figure it out.
Don't worry so much about being a right shot.
Just get a guy who can move the puck.
It would be weird, though, if San Jose did trade him.
They just got him, and maybe they'd want to return
and help the prospect pool,
but it seems like he'd be a guy that's there as a as a veteran while the team's getting better sure they're gonna trade
everybody has a price assault exactly gonna trade him for a first rounder and then there's not gonna
be no draft uh torts torts announcing his presence with authority in the least shocking story of the season. He scratches Matt Vamichkov, causing Flyers Twitter to lose their goddamn mind.
I think the Flyers, tough season.
After like a great 80 of last year, they've really struggled.
And the bright side was Flyers fans watching their star rookie produce points.
He scratches them.
And he says, you know,
I'm trying to help the kid doing what's best for him and the team.
And then he scratches them the next game.
I think that was kind of like Flyers fans like, whoa, whoa, whoa, two in a row.
Torts doesn't care, and it was a guarantee.
He scratched Couturier as the guy was sewing the C onto his jersey last year.
You knew a Russianussian 19 year old rookie
who's probably cheating a little bit offensively russian if you would have bet him healthying
michkov at the beginning of the year it would have been minus 20 000 yeah i don't even know
they wouldn't have a line you know when like like george is playing like a d2 football playing
umass there's no line yeah it's just too too much of a guarantee i would have said i'd never be able to have sex again if he goes 82 games without getting scratched
i would have put that on the line really yes that's how sure i was and that would have lasted
as long as me and the rapper i don't hate it though i know everyone thinks i hate michkov
yes you don't have much skill on that team, and he can produce,
but you do have to learn how to play as a pro.
There is an argument for the side of, like, let him play.
We stink.
He can score.
He can get assists.
But I don't think the second game was necessary.
But one game, it's like, you're 19, best league in the world.
It's not that easy for everyone.
And that can get a guy going a little bit. He must have been furious, though. Like, wait a minute. I'm 19 best league in the world it's not that easy for everyone and that can get
a guy going a little bit he must have been furious though like wait a minute i'm leading i think it
was early in the season it might have been the first game of the year and they went to overtime
with edmonton and he'd scored two of the goals and there's a play in overtime where a play happens
where the rebound comes out right in in a in the slot or no excuse me it went below the goal line where mcdavid fed dry sidle who scored the overtime winner and you see michkov just go
for this big swing when he could have just picked up dry sidle so there's going to be things that
his brain just doesn't turn on for defensively that you're probably going to have to like beat
into him and instill in him to him eventually get and if that's the reason that he's getting
healthied and he needs to pick up his defensive game he's gonna have to learn at some point why not in his
rookie year you just hope he's receptive to it yeah right like it's i i heard he's very good
that's good oh really yes nice because as long as they're if you're scratching a guy and not
saying anything to him which a young kid i'm sure they're doing video with them teaching them like
they use it for a teaching point right they're doing video with them teaching them like they use
it for a teaching point right they're not just scratching them to be like hey dude you can't
play tonight so you just hope that they're doing the right thing which i'm sure they are and
getting him better getting him back in the lineup so when he does come back he's a better player
i think one of the things it was brian boucher when he came to do tnt he said that one of the
quotes coming from each car was he was surprised at the work ethic
over here and how it's just like you know even after games guys are going in there working out
so he which is kind of shocking russian training camp because i feel like khl is a lot harder so
there's planes dumping shit on you on the boat
so i was surprised to hear that but he was saying that he's excited to get in even better shape,
and maybe it kind of leads to what you were talking about,
him not necessarily being the fastest.
So there is a room for a lot of growth there,
and the fact that he is receptive to it and open to it,
and it's just a matter of time before he breaks through
and he's not getting health-bombed.
Here on Spittin' Chicklets, we talk a lot about hockey,
including the best ways to enjoy game day
that is right if you need help getting those game day essentials you got to have discover in your
back pocket discover is accepted by 99 of places that take credit card nationwide so when it's
time for wings and drinks you're pretty much covered yeah you don't want to be the guy
scrambling for cash like wit when the round's on you and remember y'all discover is accepted by 99 of places but attempting to start a wave at a
critical point in the game is not it pays to discover percentage based on the february 2024
nielsen report and don't miss the puck drop for the discover nhl winter classic on new year's eve amazing class going into the hall of fame this season yeah our boy jr jeremy rona got the call
and we everyone talked to him in his scene when he got the call he like didn't believe it and he
i think he had a missed call from the hockey hall of fame and he started crying when he heard which
i bet you is the most normal reaction actually ray bork told me
uh i was playing golf with him recently at salem country club and there's a great hole out there
it's tricky 10 11 12 13th hole at salem tight shorter crazy ass green and he's like this was
the hole that i uh got the call for the hall of fame and i'm pretty sure i don't think it was a
birdie i think he
hold his second shot for an eagle right after oh my god you're fucking with me nope wow and the
fact that i can't remember if it was an eagle or a birdie but i think it was a fucking eagle
i think he hold his approach shot right after getting the call that he got into the hall of
fame that isn't that so that's why he said this is my favorite hole and then he told me why it
was so fun i think it would be fair to say that uh like i mean he's a 500 goal scorer but maybe the fact
that he was so outspoken and he's charismatic and and maybe open about his politics to some degree
is something that maybe kept him out until now where i think it's just appropriate that he
obviously eventually got in because he is a hall of famer uh the growth of the game that he
helped out with by just being a you know not many hockey guys are like that right everyone he was
before his time right yeah nowadays you see guys personalities and he was before his time probably
when it was looked down upon i'm sure gms hated it and i i had the pleasure of playing with him
he was so good to me in phoenix when i was young you know you're boston guy i'm a boston guy and it's like he looked out for me from day one as soon as i got there so
huge shout out to him and uh the other guys too that's who playing against those guys oh i was
so happy for jr and the coolest thing about his game for me these highlight reel sick toe drag
one-on-one incredible goals he fucking ran people over and also got ran over
and played through.
The Hatcher hit.
Dude, he played through a lot.
He was a tough motherfucker out there.
Awesome call.
Datsouk, I don't think I can explain
how difficult this guy was to play against.
Keith and I had discussions over the years of like,
you're panicked. I was panicked on the ice ice with him because forget trying to stop him with the puck
when you had the puck like it was you were just like oh my god he's behind me he's gonna get it
because he was the master of the takeaway and the lifting of the stick his best one ever he got a
nashville defenseman that came out around the net he just reached out lifted the stick backhand
shelf it's
definitely on youtube um who was chet was it steve thomas that was saying that brett hull was mentioned
and playing with him he was like the one of the best players he ever played with or i think that
was holly we gotta i think based on all intangibles everything he brought every night to the game
whether it was defensive play how he could strip you like his offensive ability he'd reverse hit
you and you'd fuck oh my god you'd be on your ass it was like you weighed 250 his his one-on-one
game like i remember that shift when pies he got i told no i was a healthy scratch this night and i
was in the i was i was i was in the crowd towards there I was in the crowd with my billet dad,
and Paisley was out there.
Oh, because it was in, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I was in Detroit because I played in Saginaw.
And I saw that Paisley was out there.
He was kind of getting caught out.
And I think he was probably about 45, 50 seconds.
And all of a sudden, Ozone change,
and that's who cops over.
I perk up, and I'm like, oh, no.
And then he gets it right away
and then he just fucking like does a juke move on paise paise stumbles back falls he did the behind
the net off the net right then paise gets up starts chasing me again dats who almost baits
some weights for him and paise lunges out of my net goes off the back of the net paise buckles
him again down he went but they
must have had 16 scoring chances on this shift but they survived yeah i want to say we won the game
but just seeing him out there and what he could do one of the most underappreciated players of all
time so a lot of people if you in the modern era would probably put him top five on everything he
brought yeah whether it was a big game whether it was game one of the
season this guy every night knew what the fuck he was doing he was the only guy i ever played
against that was he was on offense when he was on defense yeah you'd have the puck and you'd be like
oh my god where is he where is he like even if he's on the bench like you look at the bench like
okay thank god i'm good he'd come from behind strip you go down embarrass you and then score
the main thing i've heard about him from uh danny, Henrik Zetterberg, some other wings, Cronwall.
He could have got 120 points.
They are adamant that he sacrificed points to play a certain way.
And he could have led the league in scoring.
That's what they all say.
Incredible player to watch.
Shea Weber is an awesome one for all of us
based on like that was the same age we played and the weber bomb i don't know if you heard
the did you you heard him right the guy behind here comes a weber bomb here i've said it a
million times in nashville just wait here comes a weber bomb sure shit one-timer from ryan suiter
goal told you there was that
weber bomb and the place is going nuts with the with the country song just uh i like it i love it
i want some more i don't like it i don't love it i don't want any more of it um uh physical
presence like paul fucking bunion in front of the net probably the modern day larry robinson i like that call larry robinson won so many cups but yeah i think weber was probably
not taller maybe the same height but wider certainly he's like an adam foot but more
offensive skill yeah yeah yeah i like that i like that big righty and just always i always think
he played with the tongues out his legs were this
big sometimes tongues out can make your legs look a little skinny not him just a mountain of a man
with one of the most biggest most big weapon weapon of a shot of a one-timer can't talk anymore
this has been a long one so i was just pumped and then you were hearing and and reading that
um in montreal at the end he was very injured and going through so much,
and they made it to the cup final,
overmatched against Vegas that year.
But no surprise to see him getting in.
Do you think there were some people who thought,
oh, Shea Weber isn't a Hall of Famer?
Because I certainly would have said he was.
Yeah, some people want, you know, if you're a defenseman,
they want the Norris or they want you to win a cup.
Did he not win a Norris?
I don't think...
I don't think Shea Weber ever won a Norris trophy,
but based on international play...
Oh, did he?
No, no, I don't know.
I'm guessing...
I feel like I've seen a picture of him holding the Norris.
So let's see right here.
I'm going to be...
Twice runner-up.
Oh, biz!
Stay off of me.
Stay off of me.
To Lidstrom and Ch chara was it no it says here weber was a
north trophy candidate for the third consecutive year so it was like the duncan keith lidstrom
well he was top three yeah three years in a row so so there you go i mean the fact that you say
you need the hardware in order to do it no and i just think that the type of leader he was
and that how well respected he is in the hockey community i think the fact that he was voted in
this early just tells you everything that the guys who are voting on it need to know he's a
hall of famer first class human being and uh it sucks that it was cut short due to those injuries
but he played the game hard and he he was a fucking menace out there not to mention what he's done
for hockey in nashville too right like yeah he comes there we've all played there their barns
fun to play in that whole area downtown's blown up not just because of the hockey team but he's
had a lot to do with that bringing you know growing the game and stuff so i think he deserved
i remember we put when we played them in playoffs i was in front of the net i think it was david
leg one i was battling with just like you know when. You kind of grab a guy, and you don't see what he's shooting,
and all of a sudden, we both just heard the puck go by our head.
You know that whistle?
Leguan looks back at me.
He's like, what the fuck was that?
I'm like, oh.
If it hit him, it hit me.
We both would have died.
It was Leggy.
We were just having a chat.
What do you got for the summer?
Leggy's a funny bastard.
Let's just stay in the corner, stay out of trouble here.
Slapper.
Weber's kind of one of those guys where, as sad as I am to see the guys of our generation retire,
I do think that these guys would be more open to coming on with us.
Oh, yeah.
I hope so.
And so it's like like he would be an amazing
sit down interview that guy he did it all and forget to ask him about the c that he had on his
he did it all um rounding out the hall of fame uh two american women legend hockey players natalie
darwitz um she won three gold medals in the world championships that'll do it she led the o2 uh olympics in in goal scoring um
and then she got two silvers in o2 in 2010 with team usa and the bronze in 2006 in turin where
it's spelt turin here that's what i'm saying rn it is wow so maybe it's both i've seen torino too
you guys look to me like maybe i'm thinking of that movie i missed the chrome you know
the two different cities no I don't think so.
That's how Americans say it.
I have no idea.
I don't know, but Luongo's Italian, and he corrected me.
Yeah, that was what was odd.
Carlos corrected me.
I got to read this story, by the way, because it took me 10 minutes.
I got a text from Kevin Biexa just to clarify that one that he was like,
what are you
talking about so it was a pat quinn story he goes here's a good one i'm not sure he'd remember
in turin olympics he was the second third goalie after canada lost a round robin game and bruder
played average pat quinn came in after the game and lit the team up then he had uh then he ended
it uh with be ready tomorrow carlos is starting in that
lou was looking around wondering why he why why are you guys doing this he talked about we talked
i know buddy but i'm reading the fucking text that bx said because i said do you remember the story
and he didn't really remember it oh we believed you no he told it he told it like you remember
all right then cut it out never mind he did did he not i thought you didn't
remember talking about that's why we were laughing no no he told the story yeah but he didn't really
tell it the way that when when when they went in when he never mind yeah and he said yeah you look
like a carlos yes but he didn't say that i had to i was kind of like oh he's kind of seemed like
ah that's not really how it went he was looking at me oh that's why this is right this is right here yeah he kind of was like i don't remember like
that even though we just laughed at him yeah retell it we'll laugh then don't if it's a waste
of time don't worry about it no do it oh i think it's hilarious well either way thank you you're
saying keep it organic let me reread it for the next 20 minutes read it all right anyone have an ad adderall
fuck you this is from bx here's a good one read it again i'm not sure he'd remember in turin it's
not torino olympics he was a second third goalie after candle loss around robin game and bruder
played average pat quinn came in after the game and lit the team up then he ended it with be ready tomorrow
carlos is starting to net lou was looking around wondering who he was talking about
so turco went in the office and asked pat said uh pat said i told you guys luongo's plan
and turco's like no you said carlos and pat responds with well he looks like a fucking carlos
and that was it so i guess i shouldn't have read it based on Yanz's reaction.
Give me another Luongo tweet, please.
The last player getting inducted into the Hall of Fame.
You guys are brutal.
Remember we said, yeah, you played for Team Kazakhstan?
Because it was against Kazakhstan.
Wasn't this the whole thing?
I thought that was another story.
No, that was another Olympics.
Oh, that was World Juniors.
World Juniors, yeah.
Yeah, they finished seventh.
For our own sake, we should probably just delete all this.
Gee, it's on you whether you think it's fair or not.
It's up to you guys.
The final player going into the Olympics, Chrissy Wendell-Pole.
She's going into the Hall of Fame, not the Olympics.
We're keeping all this.
We're keeping all this.
Yeah, congrats on the Olympics.
This is like
end of the episode every time i chirp you for being dumb i do something dumber well chrissy
wendell pole played in the olympics she won a silver in 2002 a bronze in 2006 she's actually
married to johnny pole who was a legendary player at the university of minnesota i think he won the
hobie baker and won the national title. He was with Vanek, right?
They won back
to back and the first one was Vanek
wasn't on the team. The second one when they beat Rossi
he was a freshman and I think
Paul was gone. I think
they won it back to back though.
Amazing for her. She's
currently top 10 all-time NCAA
in scoring with 237
points in college.
So congrats to all of them.
Congrats to all the Hall of Fame inductees.
Incredible for them.
Lifelong dream come true, I'm sure.
That pretty much wraps it up, boys.
We got Biz and Dale are headed to Buffalo.
And also that'll be you on Hockey Night in Canada next weekend.
Yeah, I'm starting it off Thursday in Buffalo, going to the game.
We're doing a suite contest, so they're playing the St. Louis Blues.
I'll be actually bringing a bunch of my financial guys,
great dudes with Sanderson Wells, so excited to hit up the game.
Bring my statement. I want to see it.
Hey!
We get it. You're ready.
I better be hitting my 4 this year.
All the financial advisors listening like four percent
you better not be buying any of that bitcoin god damn it this has 1400 i'm gonna shut that
ethereum up your goddamn ass uh but yeah it'll be fun and then and then friday heading up to uh
to see my folks for a few hours then driving to toronto and then saturday night hockey night in
canada my leafs against your oilers you're going down motherfucker okay buddy because everything
any action about the leafs always comes no it doesn't this is our year any action for you just
worried about fucking getting squanto his goddamn jersey i haven't given it that is on that will be given to him on the 16th is that sunday or is that
saturday that's monday i believe give it to him well no the monday monday is the 18th i believe
right so it is saturday oh my god in the morning and then it's over hammer the leaves are winning
that game hammer the leaves you think uh g and fishy are in mich Michigan State for a Labatt-sponsored
Chicklets You Visit. Follow along on
social media for more info on that.
These NHLPA alumni
shirts that are awesome. Well-made
shirts. Funny caricature.
Caricature?
My brain isn't working.
No, I have to get it. Caricature.
Caricature?
Caricature.
10 a.m. Thursday. 10 a.m. Thursday um 10 a.m thursday 10 a.m thursday 10 a.m today this
nhlpa alumni merch with our caricatures is on sale right now at 10 a.m go buy great shirts
and our tickets for the live show thursday noon eastern if you're in chicago or you want to visit
chicago for the outdoor classic see us three with Merle's Army and some very special guests
Thursday at noon.
Buy your tickets.
We've changed up the structure of the show.
I'm just going to be reading off my phone,
whether it's Luongo stories or tweets.
No, before you give a take, you write it down.
It's a seven-hour live show.
It's like you ordering ice cream.
So that wraps up this episode thank you
so much to keith for getting long ago giving us his beautiful home to record we love whenever
yans is on thanks for listening have a phenomenal week peace Thank you. I don't know.
