Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is Boston Sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby.
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinnelli, Spittin' Chicklets!
What is up, folks? We're back.
Welcome to episode 537 of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, presented to you by Pink Whitney.
The little nips, the big bottles,
the in-betweeners, any season, any mood.
Pink Whitney is there to quench your thirst.
And it's a very, very special episode.
Christmas is upon us.
We are here, boys.
It's the holiday season.
It's New Year's, new beginnings.
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
And we got Biz, and there he is, Santa Claus Biz.
And we got Trunk fan on this podcast.
Oh,
if you don't remember trunk fan,
he's our business.
What are we calling him? Biz.
Our business insider,
a master of threads on Twitter.
And we're going to have him at the end of the podcast to talk everything
non-hockey related from Bitcoin.
We dive a little bit into Elon Musk,
the super chip Nvidia guy.
And then of course,
Taylor Swift, a  billion dollar world tour it's
fucking insane and did we mention our special guest that's going to be on for us for the rest
of the pod well hold on before we get to him we also added sean avery sean avery who joined us
with larry brooks last week in discussing quickly what was going on with jacob truba and the
impending trade of capo caco and all the madness in Rangerville.
So we got Aves.
We go through many teams in the league as well with Aves.
And then we had Shane Pinto Parlay,
legend himself from the Ottawa Senators.
An awesome interview.
Great guy.
I just love how much he laughed.
That made me feel really good about myself.
But what's very special to me
is we actually have another guy joining us
for the rest of this show.
A really good friend of mine.
A guy I played pro hockey with.
This guy played 10 years of pro hockey himself all around the world.
And he's been on the show before.
Current player agent with Judd.
The game runs through me, Moldaver.
Oh, no.
And also host of Betting the Limit podcast, Drew Shore.
Shorezy, how you doing, buddy?
I'm doing great.
Thanks for having me on, guys.
That's all we get after that fucking intro?
That was a good intro.
You better bring the fucking noise, buddy.
The noise will be here.
It's good.
You guys are 90 minutes late.
I could have taken a nap.
I know, buddy.
This is what we do.
We put out 30 minutes for interviews for Avery and Chung, and then we ended up going two
hours.
But quickly, while I let you just really get the ideas flowing, I got to bring up Pink Whitney, and I didn't say it enough at the beginning.
Pink Whitney, that's why this podcast exists.
That's what we're all drinking at Christmas or Hanukkah or New Year's Eve.
It doesn't matter.
So go to your local bar, take your shot with Pink Whitney, and support the cause while having a great time.
Drew, you better get your big old bucket and your big old bottle.
Have you seen the birdie buckets?
I have not seen the birdie buckets.
Oh, baby.
They sell 20 nips in just one bucket.
And then on it, it says, just add ice, baby.
Just add ice.
So I know you're getting worked by your brothers on the golf course.
So they're probably the ones making the birdies, drinking the Pink Whitney.
But you can now get them at your local liquor store shorzy perfect
i can't wait to grab some for christmas biz biz we got a lot of things to discuss quickly we got
a lot of things to kind of catch up on and most on the forefront of my mind is our trip to chicago
for the winter classic and our live show shor, we're doing a live show in Chicago.
We got Tim Stapleton, who you know.
We got Jeremy Roenick.
We got Chris Chelios.
We got Keith Handel, Matt Murley, Colby Armstrong.
It's going to be a time and a half.
I guess there's about 140 tickets left.
BarstoolSports.com slash events.
If you're in Chicago, check it out.
It's going to be a great time before the Hawks play.
Before the Hawks play.
So you can go to our show and then go check out Conor Bedard and see the action in person.
But we need you guys there.
Also, the night before the live show.
So on December 28th, we will be watching some hockey at 6 p.m. Chicago time at the DraftKings Sportsbook at Wrigley Field.
We're going to be hanging out, watching games, having drinks.
Pink Whitney will be flowing the laughs, the love, the New Year resolutions being discussed.
Okay?
So everyone, come to the DraftKings Sportsbook at Wrigley Field and check us out.
And last, sorry to bother you with the details, guys, but we want to meet some of you in Chicago.
Yeah.
We have a Pink Whitney meet and greet at 1230, the day of the Winter Classic, December 31st at Sluggers across from Wrigley.
And quickly, my one memory of Sluggers was
Steve Eminger's bachelor party.
Amazing time.
Awesome time.
We ended up at Sluggers after the Cubs game we went to.
And Boland had just won the cup.
That legend, Dave Boland, Corey Perry was with us.
And all of a sudden, Boland comes out of the clouds.
He's in Sluggers.
He's finishing
beer smashing the glasses off the wall they didn't give a flying fuck he was a champion he was a
Stanley Cup champion with the Chicago Blackhawks he could have took a shit on the dance floor he
was allowed to finish his pint and just fire the glass off the wall and then everyone that's how
fun sluggers is so that's unreal Last piece of cleanup before we get going.
Chicklets U drops this week, Thursday.
The number one team in the country.
No, not Drew Shore's former school, Denver, the reigning national champs. Right now, the number one team in the country is the Michigan State Spartans.
At noon on the Chicklets YouTube, Chicklets U, Michigan State, Red Savage, Isaac Howard, the Iceman,
all with Grinei showing them the campus
and the new incredible facility that the Spartans have.
So with that being said, Biz,
we got some drama going on in the league right now, don't we?
We got some absolute drama.
And I think that it kind of starts off in Western Canada, Shorzy.
And I don't know if you're following this,
but Elias Pettersson and JT Miller
apparently, allegedly despise each other.
And now that the Vancouver media's got a little handle on this.
Oh, they're running with it.
Every fucking question to Petey.
Did you see that clip of Petey after the game last night?
And them grilling him and finally said,
fuck this and just walked out of the media scrum.
Shoresy.
Do you see that?
I did.
He said no more questions on JT a couple of times now,
I think in different interviews.
He has before that too.
I've seen it twice.
I think.
Yeah.
I think they've asked him about that.
I think going back,
this one was a while ago,
but yeah,
it's,
it's been pretty entertaining to follow.
I think it's ridiculous that they keep asking them though.
Like if I was like, I don't want to be on the line here. It's ridiculous that they keep asking them though like if i was
like i don't want to be on the line you think it's ridiculous to the media i think i think that
there's a line knowing that this person is like enough with this it's clear that there's an issue
right but they're face to face they just keep wanting to dig information that he's not going
to give you so they keep relentlessly peppering them with this stuff. If you're saying, well, he makes 11 and a half
and he doesn't get along with his teammate
and everybody wants to know about it,
he should be entitled to talk about it.
But Shorzy, what if this is your client?
Would you not be like, fuck off?
Don't even make them available for media
if all they want to ask him is fucking JT Miller questions.
I mean, I don't think because he makes 11 and a half,
he has to answer personal questions about a relationship with a teammate. You know what I mean, I don't think because he makes 11 and a half, he has to answer personal questions
about a relationship with a teammate.
You know what I mean?
Like, I think that would be,
that would be what some people are throwing back.
Like we're paying this guy big money.
He should have to sit up there and take any question
that the media wants to ask.
Yeah, I think that, I mean, if I think like,
if I'm a media member there,
they have the right to ask any question,
but he also has the right.
And I also think whatever is going on inside their
locker room, as you guys know,
the saying, loose lips sink ships.
He also has a duty to his teammates
to keep certain things in-house
and not allow that stuff to go to the media.
That's what's frustrating, I think,
for the team and
the fan base, even though they differ on all
this, is that why can't
you figure it out?
Like there's been so many instances in pro sports over the years of teammates not liking each other.
But once the game starts, you have respect for the guy. You could not like a guy, but you got
to have respect for him. And you're working towards the same goal. And now you have this
situation with these two highly skilled players who apparently don't even want to be on the power
play together. Now, here's the problem. We don't know really what's true or what's not peterson comes out says this is bullshit
but then you can tell there's something to it based on all the noise around it but biz asking
you it's a good question like being an agent now how much more of it is talking to guys about not
necessarily on ice issues but just issues in their life where it's like they need somebody to
talk to, somebody to lean on. Are you getting calls like that? Or is it more about ice time
and lack of power play and things like that? Yeah, it's a lot more babysitting than I
originally thought I was signing up for. Well, look at what you did to your agents.
Yeah. Now I know. It's actually funny. I almost respect my agent more now because when I get the
same call that I was giving my agent,
and I'm sure he was just sitting there trying to have dinner with his wife, rolling his eyes,
is exactly what I have done it a few times.
But no, I think that the point you made, there's a difference between
not liking your teammate and respecting your teammate,
and then truly hating each other, right?
If they don't get along, but they still respect each other and they can win together, then who cares, right? But if these guys truly hate each other, right? Like if they don't get along, but like they still respect each other and they can win together,
then who cares, right?
But if these guys truly hate each other,
I don't know if it's at a point
where like one of them has to go,
but if it's at the point
where they actually can't play
on the same power play together,
I think you got to do something.
So it was at that point.
And then there seemed like
the relationship was paired.
I think that was one of talk, talk.
And keep in mind,
I have not messaged talking about
this, right? Like this is stuff where I'm like, Oh fuck. Like I don't, I don't even want to check
in to say hello, but I think it's pretty public knowledge that when he got there, one of his
biggest things that he had to do was to repair those two relationships. And that was that half
a season that he got to understand it, try to bridge that gap. And then they go on last year
to having all that success obviously
there were things that happened last year where they were probably you know at each other's
throats and not necessarily gelling but you've got to think that two professionals in the nhl
regardless of maybe not having a relationship off the ice could figure it out and repair it to where
they're not becoming a full-blown distraction to their team like this has become a distraction full blow it's taking so much energy and oxygen out of the room even the
other guys are having to answer the question so what needs what do you think needs to be done
right now like who would you trade would you move on from pd would you move on from jt i don't know
if i'm ready to make the trade i think think that's last, like, all right, there are no other options available.
And I guess I did say, like, we don't even know if this is true.
I should take that back a little because Bruce Boudreaux, who was the coach prior to talk,
Bruce, there it is, you know, all that stuff.
So he has come out, I think, on a radio show and said, yeah, there was definitely tension there.
So then you get a former coach saying, talk comes in, he has to repair it.
They have the season you have.
But now I don't want to trade either one of these guys.
That's the thing.
And I just don't understand how it's gotten this ugly.
Now, without knowing the insides and being in that locker room, nobody really will get
it.
But I don't want to trade either one of them.
I really don't.
Because if you look at, how are you going to get the return back that
these guys would both bring based on teams circling around you knowing it's a disaster
brewing in the locker room and that you have to trade one of them?
So that's the aspect of we're going to get fleeced on the return of one of these guys
if we have to move them because the whole world knows how much they can't stand each other.
And also, you bring up a good point, Shorzy,
about you don't have to answer personal questions.
But what's happened is since Miller's comeback,
Patterson's played six points.
He played very well.
Six games.
Six games and has no points.
I misspoke.
So that's where the reporters can start being like,
all right, well, this isn't just personal
because since he's come back and we've heard of this riff,
you actually don't have a point in six games
and you make 11 and a half.
That's where it's like, is it really a personal question?
Because it's leaked into your game.
Whether Pedersen believes that or not.
Pasha put in the group chat, he goes,
Mills, he's back.
Now watch, Petey's going gonna go ice cold and he he referenced
it again by replying to his own text today this morning so posh i don't know if you want to hop
on and you have any words for what's going around in vancouver you're living there pasha yeah i mean
you're pretty much playing tummy sticks with these guys every fucking weekend at dovetail
or dovetits as they're calling it now yeah listen i mean i said
in the group chat i don't know the dynamic of who's wrong he said she said between miller and
pedersen but one thing i think it's past the point of no return this has been going on oh yeah this
has been going on for three four years if they haven't hashed it out by now to me i think one
of them is for sure getting traded whether it's a a week from now, a month from now, six months from now.
It's just you can't win with that dynamic with your two highest paid players
or two of your top three highest paid players having that,
and they can't even be on the ice together anymore.
It's insane.
So I think you obviously know who I think should get traded.
I think long term for the Canucks, a healthy, happy Pedersen
is more valuable than a JT Miller is when you look at the next eight years. But like you said, Witt, obviously teams know you're
vulnerable. You're not going to get the best trade value, but you got to rip the bandaid off.
If this is a big, big issue in the room, I think for sure one of them is going to get traded at
some point. So if you were to, and you asked me at the beginning of this biz, I kind of dodged it. I, I would rather JT Miller on my team all day, any day, right?
Playoffs.
But if I'm Vancouver, I'm probably trading JT Miller solely based the fact that he's
31 years old, Pedersen's 26 years old.
So you just look like, all right, if we can get this guy happy and looking like he did,
he hasn't looked like he did in a calendar year.
Like he has not been the player he we saw as a rookie coming into the league.
Was he 100 points or 99 points?
Like he hasn't been that since he signed.
And so now it's like you have to worry.
Like, I don't know if he can get back there, but I believe he can based on the contract we gave him.
And he's five years younger than Miller so let's move on from Miller but then it's like some team if a contender grabs JT Miller
I talked to an NHL scout he's like if a really true contender one of the three or four teams
we believe can win the cup somehow get him they're winning the cup that's how good he is now maybe he
goes in and things change over time but he's that good and dominant when he
wants to be where peterson just hasn't shown that level he hasn't you could talk about defensively
all you want he pks he plays a ton of minutes yeah he shuts down he shuts down other teams
number one centers and and did you watch the game last night so what you don't like to pasha is like
last night i think he lost you say he lost his man on the tying goal.
And then in overtime, he was to blame for it.
It was his guy that scored shorthand on the power play.
And then in overtime, it was his guy that scored.
And then last game in Utah, he was on the ice for a minute.
20 didn't come off.
PD is waiting to get on.
Mrs.
A shot wide on a Utah scores like this guy.
It bugs you.
It bugs you at the fact that he he he declined media after the game too
you said that that was kind of like the cherry on top as well yeah i mean like you got you got
pet well no i mean that i've kind of been unhappy about the situation for a while but i just think
petterson's out there fielding the questions why is miller not when he was requested to go out and
talk about it like i totally get him not wanting to talk about his leave of absence that's fair
but i think you got to go out there and answer for hey okay like what happened on that play and talk
and even called him out by name last night yeah he did maybe maybe this is just being amplified
more at this point too because of the the streak and the 10 games that jt was gone for petterson
all of a sudden looked more like himself from before that period of time where you said he just
like hasn't really put together a sustained amount of hockey where he looked like himself before he got the deal right like that
would be probably your one argument why as to this and then all of a sudden he comes back and then
now all of a sudden the questions come back up and they can't plan the power play so i kind of agree
with pasha to where now you've tried to repair it all this time. PD has success.
JT's back.
Now he's back into no points in six games.
It seems to be like,
they're going to have to move on.
And I would agree that JT would be the guy that you would end up moving on
from because of the age 32 years old.
JT is are turning 32 in March.
And then PD is 26 about to hit his prime.
Shorzy,
who,
who would you move on from if you had to pick one?
They're in a tough spot because like you said, I'm a huge JT Miller fan.
Like Dwit said, I think he's a guy who plays hard.
And I know he takes some nights off during the regular season, but you know if he goes
to a playoff contender, he's a guy who's going to play 20, 22 minutes a night in the playoffs,
play on the power play, play on the penalty kill, and is a true difference maker in when a big, heavy hockey.
I think that one interesting thing, Pasha, you mentioned this.
I don't know when you want to start saying that Elias started struggling,
but when Bo Horvat, I just thought of this randomly,
but he kind of got shipped out of there, what,
like a year and a half, two years ago?
I don't know.
I don't know if there's any correlation there or what it was but i love bo horvat as a leader a player all of the above
and it is kind of interesting that as soon as he got out of there that's kind of when like
petterson's game started to decline a little bit do you think he was almost that guy that like
could calm jt down and he was the good like it kind of like land of scog is to the colorado
locker room almost where if nate's kind of like Landis Cog is to the Colorado locker room
almost where if Nate's kind of barking, maybe it's somebody, he can be the one to be like, Hey,
enough. And also the guy that that person being yelled at can go to and trust as a leader.
Yeah, exactly. I mean, I think you said it like Landis Cog is the perfect example of that. Like
when he's out of the abs lineup and shit's going crazy in their locker room, I don't really know
who stands up and garnishes like, you know what I mean? Like every other guy shuts up. And I think that Landis Cog has the
ability to do that. I played in Vancouver briefly with Bo Horvat. I know that he did have the
ability to do that. And then on the ice too, he's just a guy that was like, could play against every
best player in the league. You know what I mean? So whether it gave him easier matchups, he was an
elite bumper player on the power play, like one of the best bumper players in the league, which opened up a ton of cross
seam stuff for Pettersson. So I think
just like, I think it could have affected it on
and off the ice. On a positive note
for the Vancouver Canucks, and Pasha,
you can stay on here because this
is your guy.
Quinn Hughes right now
is the Norris Trophy winner. I
know Makar has been unbelievable. I think
without Quinn Hughes,
the Vancouver Canucks are possibly a lottery team
the way they're going right now.
This guy, and I watched the entire Sens game
on Saturday night.
He had three points.
He was dominating.
I'm talking on the ice for every five-on-five goal
that the Canucks had.
And every time he's on the ice,
he must have the puck 70 of the time he's on the ice
he's making toe drags at blue lines embarrassing guys breaking their ankles alan i see the one
where he put it through the guy's legs when he's on the forecheck he's doing it he's doing it every
game and it's at the point now like last year it's like oh quinn hughes reached that other level and
he was already a special player he gets his norris trophy what's gonna happen this year he's better this year he's actually doing things that i didn't even ever
see possible even when he was drafted as high as he was and with the with the the prospect write-ups
and you saw him in college and how great he was but man this guy he is something special he's
must watch tv he really is like when he gets the puck and he has these tight turns, acceleration,
he also, with his speed, is able to slow the game down.
The change of speeds that certain players possess
where they'll go slow and they'll bring you in
and then, boom, they're gone with these jets.
It's just crazy.
Shorzy, I don't know if you know the Huses at all,
but have you seen what I'm seeing in terms of domination from this D-man?
Yeah, and I feel like you said he's's mutts-watched TV every night.
Like, you know what I mean?
When you were playing in the league, like, the guys who were the best D-man,
like LeTang and these guys, they couldn't do nearly the stuff.
No.
Like, the par and cues.
And, I mean, now forwards, too, these guys get so much time
because they're scared to even run at these guys
because, like, you run at one of these guys at the blue line,
like, then you're probably going to end up on SportsCenter anyway.
So then it gives them even more time.
So now they're just walking the blue line like it's a Sunday skate.
It's amazing, and it's super fun to watch.
Yeah, I think he's really gone evolved from that sort of
he's one of the best defenders in the league combo
to he's one of the best players in the league.
I slot him in that kind of five mark after the Matthews, the McKinnons,
all that, McDavid's obviously.
But yeah, he dominates the games.
And if he drags that joke of a Canucks decor into the playoffs,
I think he for sure should be in the heart conversation.
MVP, I was going to say, what he's doing.
And not only is it on the ice what he's doing,
but all this madness we're talking about in the worst possible city
to have friction between a locker room, Vancouver,
with those media members.
And I'm not blaming them, but it's just that's that market.
It's nuts.
It's nuts when things are going well.
He's dealing with all this off the ice.
And he had a great quote.
He had a great little, I think, a minute answer to what was going on in the room
and how it's kind of his job to bring guys together.
And, gee, I don't know.
Do you want to play that?
We're a team unity these days.
There's a lot of talk outside about,
is there a rift in your leader of this group?
Have you had to step in and sort of your leadership been tested in any way?
Yeah, I mean, I think that it's been a lot of learning for everyone in here.
And, you know, obviously not to beat around the bush.
You know, everyone knows what the reports are out there. but I think that everyone expects a lot from each other.
There's times where I get upset with Millsy.
There's times I get upset with Petey.
There's times I get upset with Hronik,
and that doesn't mean that I don't love those guys and vice versa.
I'm going to make some bad plays.
They're going to make a play where I wish they saw me here or saw me there.
Over the course of playing together for six years,
I think that those things are normal and they're going to happen.
As far as my leadership, I think just continue to keep everyone
on the yellow brick road and what our ultimate goal is,
which is short-term having a good game tonight and long-term
being a successful team and getting in the playoffs.
Is it workable, though? Is it just outside noise?
Yeah, I mean, I just think 100 I believe it's workable, and I know it's workable.
I mean, we saw it last year, very evident, and I think that both of them have been going through their own struggles this year,
and I believe in both of them.
I think they're great players, great people.
Like I said, there's times where we all get into it,
but it is a family in here, and we just got to continue to push forward
and play the way we want to play.
If there's a pause, we're looking forward to this.
I think Petey and Millsy would both say
that they haven't played their best hockey this year
and we're still, you know, where we are in the standings.
And I think that, you know,
that's a positive thing that we can look at
is that, you know, two of the best players out there
can be better.
So you hear him kind of like,
you know, there's probably some exhaustion
in answering these questions but being
the leader he is it's hard enough to deal with that and try to get two guys to get along and
still perform at a high level and he's performing then better than he ever has and he won the
friggin norris trophy last year they should just room pd and jt on the road just figure it out i
i said they should come out and maybe it is like pasha said it's it's beyond the the
point of like fixing this they should just drop a tweet of them just like having a beer together
aren't like arm around each other just tagging abroad the internet
just kidding i saw a tweet saying that quinn deserves the heart just for the babysitting
alone he's had to do between these two guys. Just kidding. It would be funny
if they started just trolling the media like that.
That's what I'm saying. They should.
I bet
you that if they were like,
fuck it, I can't stand you, you can't stand me, but
let's drop this pic where arm in arm,
having a beer, smiling. They would probably
go on a 10-game heater where they both get
18 to 20 points. I don't think you
could pay them enough money to do that.
Just get matching tattoos.
Just like get the picture
going. Or like
pose as the stepbrothers like Will Ferrell
and what was the guy named John C. Reilly.
Like dress up in the costume
and just figure it out boys.
Figure it out.
The argyle
sweater vest
shawzy i i kind of hopped over um entering you right away and we brought up how you're
you're an agent right now on your podcast but are you enjoying the the agency aspect of of
your life now or how is it to go get the 14 and 15 year olds that you got to do now like take us
through the inside i told the gm to fuck off yet and hang up on him.
So,
well,
a couple of times does that a couple of things to take back.
I am actually no longer working with Judd.
I'm on my own now.
Okay.
All right.
I'm sorry.
You're good.
That's by the intro.
I love Judd.
Judd is amazing.
I would hate you now.
No,
we're actually very clear.
We're actually talking for this.
Awesome.
Judd,
I would imagine is one of the few agents in the NHL
who routinely tells those guys to fuck off on behalf of his clients.
But no, it was awesome.
Like I said, getting an upfront seat to his life
and just how he manages those top guys for three years was amazing.
And I mean, you see it now, and a lot of people don't see this,
but what he's kind of been able to do with like, especially Connor and Austin off the ice, just in
terms of some of their marketing and that stuff that's really never been done before in hockey.
You know what I mean? And it's like the on ice stuff is pretty simple, right? Like
with the salary cap, there's not that much that goes into those contracts. You know what I mean?
Like the only thing that's really changing on the, like from the best guy in the league to the last
guy is one number. But I mean, if you look at at it too there's a lot of guys like even in austin i mean i don't know
what austin's going to retire when he makes the nhl but there's so many guys who just signed that
eight-year deal right off their entry level deal you know what i mean and he was kind of the first
guy to be like all right hold on cap's gonna go way up yeah not many guys would have just signed
like you know i mean now he's kind of dead it again and for people who don't know like now
austin's gonna have a chance again to sign another big deal
because he's going to be 29 or 30.
And that'll probably be the eight-year one.
That'll be the eight-year one.
That'll be the eight-year one.
But I mean, a lot of guys though,
like when you look at kind of the standard progression
of contracts in the league for star players now,
it's like, you know what I mean?
You play your three-year entry-level deal.
Then they get like the eight-year by like six
or seven to seven and a half, depending on whatever
it is. People say he had a lot of balls by not taking that eight-year deal with that.
I think a lot of it, one of the biggest things I learned from him is it's about what you and
your player think you are. You know what I mean? If you think you're a guy guy who is a second third line guy who happened to have a really good shooting percentage one year
and scored 30 goals and like that's kind of your ceiling like that's it but i mean with the him and
obviously austin believes it too he's truly a guy who's like you know what i mean like i'm gonna
score 40 to 75 goals every single year so i think a lot of it like and it's easy for people to look
back and criticize deals but for people to look back and
criticize deals, but people don't know what the player wants at that time, what the player's
family wants at that time. But it's very easy to go back and nitpick an agent and an agent's deal.
But Judd was amazing. As you guys know, he's super fun to hang out with on a daily basis.
And that was super fun. And now doing it on my own, it's been a lot different. I love kind of doing the contracts for guys who are playing professionally.
I hate, absolutely hate the recruiting of kids.
And I've almost kind of like not stopped doing it entirely.
But I honestly, I did it while I was at Wasserman for like two or three times.
And I mean, as you guys know, like it's insane.
It's like you sit down with a 15-year-old kid.
Younger even, right? Well, yeah. I mean, yeah, younger. But like you either lie to a 15 year old kid younger even right well yeah i mean
yeah younger but like you either lie to him and tell him he's the next sydney crosby and then the
parents and the kids love you or it's like you tell him the truth it's like all right you got
a pretty good head start on the marathon and if you get better every year for the next four or
five years like you're gonna have a chance to be a really high draft pick and have a good career but
believe it or not parents and like 13 year old kids prefer the uh sydney
you're the next sydney crosby pitch a little bit more but i kind of had a hard bullshit though
like that i i can't believe and i guess there are so many like clueless parents in every sport
but personally i i remember like bobby or and paul kropelko who's now with the florida panthers they
were they were like yeah they were very complimentary, but they also said, like, it is a long road.
The odds are still so difficult,
and so it's so hard to forecast that many years in advance,
and the honesty you appreciate,
because it's also what my parents have been saying anyways.
Like, you realize the chance of you playing in the NHL is so slim.
I don't care how good you are when you're a freshman in high school.
Yeah, but now there's enough Bozo agents who will just go into these meetings and tell these kids
they're the next Sidney Crosby. And it's like they end up with the client. So I actually hate
that part of it. And I've kind of almost stopped recruiting a lot of kids entirely just because
it's kind of a waste of time. And then from a pure business perspective, it's like, okay,
even if this kid's great, you're going to recruit him at 13 and then service him for six, seven
years before you ever see a dollar. I mean, Witt knows. Witt, you're going to recruit him at 13 and then service him for six, seven years before you ever see a dollar.
I mean,
Whit knows what you're a gambler.
Like the odds,
that's not,
that's not a very good,
like,
and you explain that to a normal businessman.
They're like,
what are you doing?
Um,
no,
you're,
you're,
you're like,
honey,
your daughters are crying.
You're like,
I'm dealing with a kid that's playing Minnesota hockey.
She's like,
wait,
you might get paid from him in seven years.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a penny stock. Yeah, exactly. It's like, I'd rather be with your from him in seven years? Yeah. That's a penny stock.
Yeah, exactly.
It's like, I'd rather be with your boy.
Like, what's the guy's name who's coming on next?
True Fang.
I'd rather buy his like whatever.
Trump Fang.
I'd buy his meme coin rather than like going to recruit another 13 year old hockey player.
What you did say about contracts is interesting.
And that's why the greatest contract right now and for the next i believe six
years in the nhl i will argue anyone is jack hughes and his i'm not saying cockiness his confidence
and like how good he knows he is that's a guy that like judd probably saw and he's like what
like that's a guy who probably should have signed four or five years and then been like i'm gonna
crush this thing again but what you're saying is true.
Maybe I just want the security.
I just got 64 million.
I'll still be 30 when this deal ends.
But Judd did really change that,
and now you're seeing players be smart enough to gamble on themselves
while still making a ballsy decision.
I also look at it, Shorzy, like the other side too,
and like certain guys.
And like I think we've gotten confirmation on the Klingberg offer where like knowing what you are and having
that hard conversation with your client, where if you're being offered something and you're like,
listen, man, fucking take this, or you could end up getting nothing. Like I've heard a couple
awful, awful situations where guys like they could have made 50 million and might have made another 12 to 15.
Yeah, certainly.
And I mean, I think, too, you got to be careful with that.
Like when you say like, I would be very careful if you're not dealing with a superstar taking the term, if that makes sense.
You know what I mean?
And Jack Hughes is a guy who is a superstar, but don't quote me on this, but I think he struggled a little bit his first year or two in
the league right he didn't have the instant success that like an austin had and i mean he did get six
he did get 64 million dollars and i mean now it's easy to say and now but now having one of your
best players in the league locked in at eight million dollars for the next six seven years is
like why new jersey is going to be competitive for that time period so i mean it's good for the team
obviously and i mean i don't feel bad for, but definitely he could be making more money towards
the end of that deal for sure.
Let's, let's start a GoFundMe for, for Jack Hughes.
Before we throw off to Sean Avery, who did a great deep dive on the New York Rangers,
we ended up getting into around the league discussion, but this was more of like a state
of the union for the New York Rangers and a team that he watches frequently.
World Juniors is coming up. I know the game notes guys touched on it you played world juniors whit played world juniors um what do you see in this year usa looks stacked again uh they got
some studs into making that first line or first power play unit with uh leonard who ended up
given that being given the captaincy what are you, and who are some guys we need to watch?
Well, I was just talking about this,
and whether anyone wants to admit it or not,
the storyline is less enticing for this tournament without Russia.
Like, Whit, I don't know about your year, but...
It's all we talk about, dude.
I say the same thing.
The tournament is so much better with Russia in it.
It's still going to be a great tournament.
Either USA goes back-to-back,
because behind the bench, they clearly have the biggest be a great tournament. Either USA goes back to back because behind the bench,
they clearly have the biggest advantage in the tournament.
Dave Carl, the best coach in the tournament, hands down.
And for him to go World Juniors National Championship,
World Juniors again, I think would be pretty cool.
So I'm on the USA bandwagon.
But no, it's a sweet tournament because I was just looking.
Some of these kids on Canada even, like that Gavin McKenckinnon i think his name is like he's got 60 points in 30 games in the
western hockey league and i think he's not even draft eligible until one more year because he's
a late birthday so i mean it's going to be an awesome tournament i think the fact that it's
in canada makes it super exciting too just because i mean the build-up and hype and pressure there i
think adds a new element
um usa's got a bunch of good players like you guys mentioned i think that they've got i mean
the du kid zeev william was an absolute stud on the back end um i think gabe perot is a rangers
draft pick i think he set like a bunch of records at different points and then obviously leonard
will be excited to watch too and then the bc kid uh who's could be first overall this year hagan's that'd be awesome i don't know if you guys saw that clip i could have been i don't
know if it was fake or not but like on instagram of his shit we talked about it his head doesn't
move his head doesn't look i don't know if that could be real or or if he's just naturally like
that good but that was insane i actually like i never even really seen him until i saw that clip
and it was it was crazy that was trunk fan I actually like, I never even really seen him until I saw that clip. And it was, it was crazy.
That was trunk fan.
Actually,
it was trunk fan who made that on AI.
Yeah.
So we'll get to him a little bit later.
My,
my,
so I love world juniors.
The time of the year it happens.
And I agree.
Sure.
Is he Russia?
And if they're not in the Olympics next year,
Oh,
it's going to absolutely suck and save all your tweets to me about what
Russia is doing as a country.
I don't really care what I'm talking about them representing the hockey tournament.
Malkin's got the nukes.
I don't care about Putin in Ukraine.
I just want to see the best hockey players.
And the 18-year-old kid who would have been playing in this tournament,
I don't think has too big of an impact on what they're doing.
It's a joke.
Putin's gold card.
That's all he's got.
Yeah.
So playing in the tournament,
like it was always a dream growing up.
I remember like the first time I kind of learned about it,
probably about 14 years old.
I remember watching the 79 birth years playing.
It was in like Winnipeg ish and just being like,
oh my God.
And you see the half shields.
That was one of the big things.
Like see the kids in the half shields.
And so I now look forward to Christmas and until new year because of this tournament and all the success USA's had
and what that program has kind of turned into when they never really had a chance when I was
growing up. And then the 84 birth years actually got the first gold medal right after I played in
the two I got to take part in where we were brutal. But now I look to like NHL, like the draft picks that are in the tournament,
the pot,
the upcoming draft.
Cause that's like exciting.
Cause you hear a lot about the guys who are picked pretty high,
look leading into their draft in the summer.
And when the draft goes down,
but now it's a lot of people's first,
first opportunity to see like these possible really high picks.
And then this year it's James Haggins from,
from team USA. Can't wait to watch him. I've seen BC play then this year, it's James Haggins from Team USA.
Can't wait to watch him.
I've seen BC play once this year.
He looks ridiculous.
And just the fact that he has Leonard and Perrault, it's crazy.
He just slid in and took Will Smith's spot,
and that team has looked unreal.
They're unbelievable.
And then you got this Matthew Schaefer, I believe his name is. So he's a defenseman that is basically like the best defenseman on Team Canada,
according to scouts I've talked to.
And he hasn't even been drafted yet.
And Team Canada, I mean, there's guys that, like that Bennett Seneke
didn't even get asked to camp, dude.
Anaheim's third overall pick.
Michael Miza leads the CHL in points, and they didn't invite him.
It's insane. No, I think that that, I thought that that Gavin McKenna leads the CHL in points, and they didn't invite him. It's insane.
No, I think that that  I thought that that Gavin McKenna leads the CHL in points.
But either way, yeah, he's a superstar, didn't get invited.
So the depth of Canada is wild.
So knowing that this Schaefer kid's apparently their best defenseman
and could go first overall as well.
And then the other kid is this Porter Marton, and he's Canadian,
and he's also draft held this summer.
So I like seeing these guys who,
when you're playing in the,
in the world juniors,
uh,
before your draft year,
you have a,
a possible,
you have the,
there's a chance of you being a superstar in the NHL.
That's pretty much how it is.
And Gavin McKenna,
forget those guys.
I think there's been like seven or eight guys who have done it for team
Canada,
Crosby,
Bo Meister,
Spezza names that ended up going on to be true stars.
So the tournament, the national pride,
this year being in Canada,
so the times of the games aren't crazy.
Biz, go ahead.
Oh, no, just the last two.
Grinelli let us know.
Canada's one goal the last two times
they played on home soil.
You said that your experience was shit.
It was so fun. What was your experience like when you played for world junior
uh mine was in buffalo which ended up basically being like canada i don't know
if you remember this but uh i think it was emerson edom was playing on the
american team like right when twitter was kind of getting buzzy and came out
like during one of the off days and said buffalo was like an absolute
shithole of a city i don't know if you remember this but like it went from like it basically being canada's home ice into
then like him kind of alienating a lot of the local buffalo people so we ended up playing buffalo
in the semi-finals um we got crushed you mean yeah we played canada yeah we played canada in
the semis ended up getting crushed. And then I think we beat Sweden
in the consolation game or whatever.
But that was the game, I think,
when Russia came back down 4-5-1,
beat Canada,
and then the next morning at the airport,
all those guys couldn't walk,
and the team staff each had one guy.
They were smoking darts on the plane.
Yeah, and they were pushing them in wheelchairs.
Not because they were hurt, because they still hadn't slept from the night before.
That's why we need Russia to turn them in.
We need Russia back.
Hey, this is the tweet.
I just Googled it.
Emerson Edom.
This is, let me see right here, the date.
Sorry, it's December 27th, 2010.
He writes, much needed day off.
Buffalo's a ghost town, the worst city ever. It
makes Medicine Hat look like paradise.
Never thought I'd say that. So he
also chirped Medicine Hat.
Oh, no.
That's where he was playing at the time, too. He was
playing in Medicine Hat.
Oh, my God, dude. Just asking for
a trade out of town. Before we
move on, though, if you want a little bit deeper dive into World Juniors on our channel,
you can go check out the last game notes with Army and Merles.
They had a few guests on,
and they kind of give a little bit of a deeper dive
into this year's tournament, some stories from past tournaments.
So a little bit more than what we're giving you,
but I wanted to ask you both, considering you played,
and glad you brought up the Russians,
the Hackentarts,
after they won the gold off Canada.
My second World Junior,
sorry,
was,
it was in,
was it my first?
No,
it was my second,
because it was in Halifax,
and Cape Breton,
and we played Russia,
first game,
and it was Ovechkin,
it was his,
it was his like,
I think,
before,
year plus one before the draft,
like McKenna,
and he had a hat trick, and he was running people over.
And that was my first ever experience seeing Ovechkin playing against him.
And I found out he was 16.
I'm like, what?
Because he was 210 then, 215 then.
It was unreal.
But what were you going to say?
I was going to say, what do you guys think about?
Because I know a hot topic among teams in the NHL now is,
if you had one of these young kids who was eligible to play in the tournament
so many gms handle that differently whether you would let that your player go for two weeks what
do you guys think about that if you guys were running teams i think it would depend on the
impact he's making with my team at the time and if he's just kind of like uh like where shane right
was at or whatever or lafreniere send. And you want them to go get that experience.
You want it to be a top dog under that much pressure and see that how he can
compete and the results that can only benefit him and his confidence moving
forward.
And,
or if he goes and shits the bed,
you know,
everything that you need to know,
you know,
at least at that point,
why are you smiling like that?
I'm just laughing.
Cause if he shits the bed in that tournament then like what are you supposed to do like he's
supposed to be playing any he's sent into the fucking american hockey league you say get
fucking better all right well then you tell the agent to shut the fuck up if he keeps calling you
at dinner the loco year um that's when bergeron went and he was playing in providence at the time
because he played in the nhl the year prior and that was the super team, like the greatest team
of all time in Grand Forks with Crosby
and Bergeron and Fanoff
and it was like, they've walked through the
entire tournament. That kind of makes
sense because he's in the AHL, it's kids his age,
he'd been in the NHL already,
but if my guy's in the NHL
and he's playing, I
don't see the need. I don't.
You don't see the need to send him?
No, I don't.
If he's playing in the NHL at the time
and he's playing solid,
he's not obviously playing...
If he's playing 20 minutes, 18 minutes, no chance.
But even if he's...
Last year, who did the Bruins send?
Gee.
Potra.
Potra.
They sent Potra and he hasn't been the same since.
He wasn't great.
He should have just been in the NHL.
Yeah, because it's like what Biz said.
You send this top guy who thinks he should be playing in the NHL.
Everyone else does.
Then he struggles a little bit at World Juniors.
That's a pretty big...
Well, then that told you everything you needed to know,
that he doesn't belong there.
What do you mean?
We're talking about somebody that's mentally weak enough to go get,
oh, I didn't perform well at World Juniors.
I'm never going to be the same.
Oh, that mental midget was ready for the NHL
and for the dogfight of NHL playoffs?
You know what I think the best thing you could do,
and I'm biased because this happened to me.
I think if you have a young kid who has a good season in the NHL
and your team's not getting in the playoffs, right?
Your team's on the upswing.
It's going to take a couple years.
I think going to play in the AHL playoffs,
if the AHL team's in, that
is something that can help.
And when I, my rookie year in the NHL,
I had 38 points in
like 68 games, and then
at the end of the season, had a chance to maybe
go to Worlds, and instead, Pittsburgh's like,
you're going to go down to Wilkes-Barre, and we
won in Game 7 first round, then we lost to
Hershey, but that's just more playoff hockey,
and it's like that's something that I want my prospects to play with.
I was on that team with.
Yeah, we had a blast.
Remember we beat Bridgeport at home game seven,
and then Hershey had John Carlson.
That's the first time I saw John Carlson.
I was like, what the fuck is this guy?
That was always an intense rivalry between Wilkes-Barre,
or at least during
those days yeah and we get into it with Avery because we'd already recorded the interview but
just about that development process Shorzy and how I mean when we played in Wilkes-Barre like
outside of Crosby and Flower who were like the one and two picks or I think they were both number one
and then uh like guys had to go season and learn how to play and win at the
American league level.
Like which just talked about it.
I feel like that's kind of like a lost art and something that a step that
these kids want to skip now.
Yeah.
And I mean,
I think a hundred percent,
like you said,
like if I was running an organization,
unless it was a Crosby or something like that,
I would make every prospect kind of how the red wings did spend a little bit
of time in the minors.
Now,
whether that's a month and he wins player of the month,
he's got 30 points in 30 games,
or until he clearly shows he's too good for that league,
I think it's good for everyone.
But now you see a lot of these kids get rushed to the NHL,
struggle a little bit, then go down to the minors,
then struggle a little bit there,
and then all of a sudden they're kind of fucked.
Yeah.
And Capo Caco, now we'll see what happens in Seattle.
He was an example of that.
We go into that with Sean Avery, his state of the Rangers.
We discuss the league.
And we discuss a couple other things prior to the hockey discussion with Abe.
So, right now, we're going to throw it over to him, Sean Avery.
What up, guys?
Before we continue, I want to talk to you about LaBat Blue Light.
And whether you're at a beer league game or you're just watching some hockey with your squad,
you cannot find a better beer than a fresh Labatt Blue Light.
Lots of things are better together. Everyone knows that.
Hockey, food, golf, friends.
But if you really want to take things to the next level, drink some Labatt Blue Lights with your buddies
and live life to the power of we. I cannot stop thinking and I cannot stop feeling sorry for Sabres Mafia and how
many Labatt Blue Lights they've had to drink this year to try to get through this season. Thank God
they have the Bills. I can't imagine the Labatt Blue Lights getting poured down people's throats
while they jump on tables during Bills Mafia tailgates. That's what it's all about.
And Labatt Blue Light brings people together through the power of we.
Remember, take a page out of the Labatt Blue Light book
and enjoy your beers together with friends doing things you love
so you can live life to the power of we.
Find Labatt Blue Light at labattusa.com slash finder.
Find Labatt Blue Light at labattusa.com.
We are now pleased to be joined once again by New York Rangers legend,
Sean Avery.
We had him on recently with Larry Brooks, the godfather of the New York Post.
It was just quick, though.
But we had to have him back on when biz broke a little news.
So, Aves, what's going on?
The Rangers had a big win on Saturday against Dallas, I believe. How's's the team looking now and what'd you think of the caco trade this
is a state of the union conversation by the way because i'm hearing rumblings that you might
take over jury's position as gm of the new york rangers now did you meet with dolan yes or no
all right so first of all gentlemen it's great to be here.
I'd like to extend congratulations
to Grinelli and the
Grinelli family, his mom,
his girlfriend,
real couple of warriors
there. So, I
hope everybody's families,
is that, there you go, that's the t-shirt.
Love you, Avery.
The breasties. um i hope everybody's getting ready for hanukkah and and christmas and and and biz you might somebody
might get you a present you know who you never know you never know i think i might have an irish
guy no I
you know because you don't have kids yet
so it's different the whole gift giving
thing becomes
well it just takes on a life of its own
when you have children wait
you guys are probably ready you're wrapping
you're in it
we wrapped the other night so we did it
in advance instead of you know
it's like Christmas Eve.
You're spending it.
You're so busy.
You get home at 1030.
The kids go to bed.
Then you got to wrap till two in the morning.
No, we're wrapped.
We're wrapped.
So now I can just chill on Christmas Eve.
I love it.
What did you get your kid, Aves?
Like get Nash something's the best.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Nash.
He gets everything.
He gets everything.
But he's got a new roller bag.
You know those roller bags that you can sit on, the kids can sit on?
Yep.
They're high-end.
He's very excited about that.
So that's that.
Let's get the pleasantries out of the way.
I think that we should have a little bit of fun
before we get into the Rangers talk very quickly.
Obviously, I'd like to thank you guys for ending my podcast quick shift.
I don't know if we've ever done an episode since the whole sandbagger debacle, which you guys took good teammates.
You weren't happy with the way that we handled it.
Well, I just, man, it came out of nowhere.
And I was so excited because we had so much love around it.
And by the way, Darcy Tucker, Steve Thomas, two guys.
When I look back on my career and I go, oh, let's look at some fights that I had.
Just from a personal standpoint. Like, those are the guys that I fought.
And that makes me very happy.
Because they're both and fucking hard as nails, the two of them.
Still.
Oh, yeah.
They still look great.
Stumpy's 62.
Unbelievable.
What a guy.
What a guy.
He was hitting it past me. i was like jesus christ he
originated the one-timer wrist shot he used to he used to do this this slingshot uh he was like the
guy that did it he stumpy's awesome good you know both he explained i think on the course that he
was taught that by a teammate and they used to just practice it over and over and over.
Oh.
I'm drawing a blank as to who was the one who taught him.
I want to say Terjean, Pierre Terjean, maybe.
Maybe I'm crazy they didn't even play together.
But anyway, back to what you were saying.
Yeah, so they were great.
They were great.
That was fun to watch.
But yeah, quickly, Jersey Jerry and my good friend, Kevin Connolly.
I think the whole thing, first of all, I reviewed the contract, right?
And here's my summary.
Jersey Jerry, Kevin's always early on guys.
Bob does sports.
Bob Manery.
Kevin's like a visionary.
He finds these guys early.
But the guys that he finds usually, you know, they're not all there.
They're not the most well-rounded early on.
Jersey Jerry got hired.
He had a salary.
He got fired.
He didn't have severance in his contract.
And he didn't have guaranteed money.
The NHL has guaranteed money.
The NFL doesn't have guaranteed money.
If you work at Avis Car Rental, do you get guaranteed money?
So, and I'm not here to debate it, but I just, again, wanted to thank you guys for, I haven't
done a podcast since.
So that was nice.
We just wanted to take it off for solidarity for a coworker.
I think that what he was most frustrated about was the way that cons handled it, where he
didn't call him and have a conversation about it.
It was kind of like, it was done in poor taste.
I don't think we need to get into the weeds on it.
The good news though, is it's back up.
It's getting views.
People love it.
Some people of course hate it because you're a polarizing guy, but nonetheless, we got
to have a great day on the course and there's no animosity anymore.
I agree.
I agree.
Now, one last thing is we have to talk about, because you um i shouldn't be wearing my hat backwards if i'm like
gunning for a gm's job right now and i probably shouldn't talk about all of my off ice antics but
i've had numerous fights with numerous individuals at one time right i had a real barn burner once in
an amc movie theater in union square seven seven rangers uh no i wasn't on the rangers for that
one i just were you in transition like the dallas to back to new york maybe no i was done i was done
playing but i also had a famous one it's on tmz i believe prince street pizza my fight with three
guys in front of prince street pizza i know and listen, you just can't back up ever.
And I guess I wonder, did you not just want to go at one?
I think you go at one quickly and you really decimate one.
So they started swinging and what the video doesn't show
is I end up going out of frame
inside the restaurant and you could see a gap in time till I ended up going out the door
where I didn't want to get caught in there. Cause there, there was nine guys in there.
Like I didn't know where the punches were coming from. Like I, I went from ordering a salad to
going over to be like, quit harassing the manager to nine guys coming at me. Like I, I, I'd finished a work call just
before that. So I was not in fight mode in my brain and, and that ended up happening. So my
idea was, is don't get caught. Cause if I got caught and I dropped and they, and I ended up
going like, you know, knockout where you're, you're unconscious, they would have just kept
boot and fucking me. So that was more of my thinking. And also if I backed up,
some of them at one point would drop off,
but not a lot of them dropped off.
There was always at least three,
four guys.
So that was my thinking.
And that's why I kept backpedaling.
And once again,
buddy,
like I,
I haven't gotten a fist fight in a very long time.
I just wanted to enjoy my fucking salad.
I totally understand.
I would say the next time
because here's what's what happens you're in this in-between spot we're like all right i'm gonna
fight but i don't know what's going on and where it's coming from and in the end you end up with
with no shoes on and i don't know maybe no shirt no tarp in a cvs in a cvs where you just ran if you had to just ran if you were like
okay i'm not in this i'm running and i'm gone i'm clearing the zone and i'm going to find help
that's that's the right choice but adrenaline and you want to if you stay in it you got to go
you pick one guy and you try and end him so badly so quickly that the rest of them are kind of like
you know they give it the old fuck right this might not be a good idea so i i thought i'd done
that inside the restaurant but but apparently that was probably the the the alleged like cocaine that
they're on you know so then you got to realize who's who's the demon you're fighting how hard
do you got to go i ended up knocking out demon you're fighting how hard do you got to go
knocking out who sprinted at me past everyone he had to have had at least a couple key tokes before
he went to houston's like his wires were fully crossed he was foaming at the mouth but i don't
think i think that people maybe are a little bit like tired of hearing it but the good news is is
tomorrow we're recording this on sunday right now it's an early Monday drop. I'm going to a Kav McGraw class tomorrow.
I also plan on flying out to go see you.
And we're, Kav McGraw is like the Israeli soldiers practice Kav McGraw.
So six on one, like they practice exercises.
That would be like the situation I was in.
You have been doing a lot of jujitsu and I am going to fly out there
for another Road Warriors video.
And I'm going to train with you in jujitsu.
I'm also going to go see Bugsy Malone.
I'm going to start doing a little tour
to go learn how to better defend myself
and get back in better fighting shape
after my career has ended.
Because I'm not as good as i once was sean and i know that
you are still in the mix very much so with the jujitsu well and by the way i wasn't and um that's
the smartest i'm so happy that you're gonna do that and uh max talbot max talbot max is rolling
it's a total game changer but again you know these situations we got a wild world we're
living in right now and being able to defend yourself a little bit like i would say wit you
should do it but wit i don't think you you know you don't want to do it right just keep the seminar
in your hands i actually do um i want my son to get into it and the best way to do that is you do something your
kid falls because he's not like he needs some confidence my older guy and it's just about
knowing that you can handle yourself and like the self-discipline that we were talking about
at the sandbagger in like mental mental toughness that you gain from it and so yeah i probably like
won't but i would like to yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
And before we go on to the hockey stuff, what is the best stuff from jujitsu that it's taught you and why you continue to do it and even compete?
Like, I think that you're at tournaments now, aren't you?
Yeah.
I did a tournament a couple of weeks ago.
I did the Orange County Open IBJJF, which, uh, is the Brazilian federation. It's like the official
one. And, uh, again, I got some poor bastard who's a carpenter from Simi Valley. And, uh,
we had a great fight and I, I, I beat him fairly quickly, but it's, it's not about that. It's about
the competition and the fact that like, I was nervous because I don't know who this guy is. This guy could be a killer. I know
some electricians in the Valley that got eight one eight tattooed on their neck and their black
belts. And you would think that, that you would roll them over in a seven 11. These guys are
killers. So the thing that it's given me a reality of like, one, you never know. Okay.
You never know. And never knowing is a situation that you should probably not venture in when you
don't know something, right? Like take your time on situations. So the impulsiveness is,
it's an incredible tool. And like Whit said, for kids, you know, jujitsu is a newiveness is is it's an incredible tool and like wit said for kids
you know jujitsu is a new sport so it's 20 years in america basically kids that have been taking it
for 10 years now that are like 13 14 there's 13 14 year old american kids that are walking around
that are going to turn 16 get their blue belt, that are total assassins.
Not like wrestlers.
Wrestlers, we always knew the wrestlers, right?
Wrestlers, you're going to get double-legged,
and you're going to get slammed on the ground,
but after that, they're in trouble.
And that's what I was saying about the fight.
You could have fought that whole thing on your back.
You really could have, and took a guy's ankle home with you
so it's an incredible sport it's new in america it's growing fast much like golf i think and for
kids it's the best thing i can't wait to get you on the map is because you'll i can't wait to you
realize you'll be like oh my god i'm so defenseless uh because it's all levers it's all weight distribution um it's like
sensei sean i cannot wait till my trip man and and i and i i appreciate you sharing your passion
for it and it makes me more interested to get more into it so i'm i'm starting with the kov
mcgraw and i'll see you soon buddy and we're going to be trained assassins before we know it
maybe the rangers will come calling because rent bay keeps getting ejected from games they're going to be trained assassins before we know it. Maybe the Rangers will come calling because Rempe keeps getting ejected from games.
They're going to need some toughness in the lineup.
Maybe we could be the reinvention of the Bash brothers here.
Yeah, well, listen, you'll get your fast twitch muscle fibers back.
That's a great thing.
Let's talk about Rempe because, you know,
Brooksie said something to me.
I talked to him a couple days ago.
He said when he went into camp this year and talked to Rempe,
Rempe was saying things to him like,
you know, I want to be a great fourth-line center in this league.
Which is an extremely commendable thing for a guy to say.
Like, great.
Because you can't win a stanley cup without great fourth
line centers so that immediately told me like oh because i got a little bit bothered by the
the hoopla of him with larocque and the whole fighting thing and and i just wondered where
was the team where was the the core team i know he worked out with crider towards the end of the summer rep he took wow i mean he's gonna get five games do you not think yeah he's got in-person
hearing so minimum i guess so it's a minimum of five it could it could be eight i mean it was a
terrible fucking hit here's what i say about that and this is i'm gonna be all over the place on this a
little bit but mike peckham one of the greatest defensive forwards ever in nhl history was a
savage when he played mean mean mean timed hits beautifully was like undersized guy 185 pounds
he was a wrecking ball what what i don't understand with rempy this is a timing thing
the kid's not the greatest skater in the world he's always one or two strides behind we know that
we understand that every single day they should be working on his angles and his and his timing on
hits so that that quickly can become even more effective because he got in on the four check
early in that game a couple of times and those hits probably were charging penalties the way
that he ends up hitting guys and finishing guys from the back a little bit I don't know why Mike
Peca hasn't taken that on and said at the end of practice all we do is I chip pucks in and you got
to try and smoke me honestly you got to try and find in and you got to try and smoke me. Honestly, you got to try and find
angles and you got to get this timing right. I loved when a defenseman was four to six feet
off the boards on a four check is like my money's all. My money's all. I don't even want it to get
to the boards because then the boards, I got to hit you, I got to hit the boards.
It's all timing with this kid, but he does something special for this team. There was no question about it. He almost hurt them, but he didn't, but he didn't. And there's going to
be nights when you have guys like this on your team where, you know, the scales of justice,
they're not going to be even he's going to draw penalty
minutes he's going to also put the defenseman on their heels yeah they're going to be looking over
their shoulder all night and i and i agree with you i think that the skating element when he gets
going he has a long powerful stride but the angling portion that you're talking about it's a skill
self in its set it's a skill set in itself,
whereas not every time does a hit even need to be applied.
It's more about applying the pressure in the right area and how quickly you can do it.
Do you remember when we would line up at center ice, half the guys on each side,
and then the coach would throw a puck one way, and then you had to tag up at the blue
and then find that angle?
You're saying he should be doing more drills like that in order to learn what a majority of what his skill set should end
up well it's about creating turnovers like that's the purpose of hitting right like creating a
turnover it's oh there's some intimidation involved but it's more like let's get the puck back
whereas i think he's just like i want to murder this guy yeah yeah well but also that comes with
the coach not really you know going into a lineup and knowing that your coach is nervous about
putting you out on the ice is not fun it's brutal it's the worst thing in the world okay and it
gives me the feeling that that the coach of the rViolette, doesn't sit down with the kid before the game, heart to heart, like feel him and go, listen, I'm going to play you.
I'm going to fucking play you.
I need you to be responsible.
And if you get a bad one, I'm going to give you another chance.
You're not going to get many of these.
their chance you're not going to get many of these but just giving him that reassurance when he goes in so that he doesn't have to on his first shift think holy fuck i gotta make a play right now
otherwise my night's over and you can't play guys three four minutes a night you have to have
lines and be able to turn them over you guys teams do they do look at tampa like i and i don't know if you guys have been watching i'm sure you
guys have been well you love cooch so it draws you to watch a lot of lightning games and and
we're gonna get to the pointer because you dissect a lot of what's going on for the rangers so go
over to tampa and then we're gonna bring it back to the pointer and what you see from new york
well what i see from tampa is that they've retooled their fourth line to live inside of
the DNA of their team, which is we get fucking hungry on pucks. We cause turnovers. We turn
pucks around quickly and we are not afraid to dump pucks in. We are not afraid to dump pucks in.
And when I look at the Rangers and I go, okay, I just don't understand what line is playing what angle.
Like, where's the identity on this team?
I know that Mika, well, let's stick with Panarin right now because Mika is a major issue.
Mika is a major, major issue.
And this isn't a situation of like, is steve eiserman can he win type thing
and maybe that's the panarin situation and i'm not ready to say that he can't win but like mika
is giving me major doubts about whether you can put a portion of the team on his back it's really
disappointing at this point for the kid's size and his skill. Where's his compete?
That comes back to, again, the coaching.
The coaching.
When I think of, and here, I'll jump ahead a little bit.
Chris Drury had the first closed-door meeting or the first team meeting.
How great is the movie Moneyball?
Unreal.
Billy Bean, okay?
Not only was he dealing with his stuff in the office
and changing the game and how they scouted,
every single, and the movie's glamorized a little bit,
but it makes me believe this is who he was as a GM.
In the room, touching guys.
Touching guys.
Walking around.
He's in the batting cages.
He's touching guys. Your GM is walking around. He's in the batting cages. He's touching guys.
Your GM is supposed to be an asset.
Chris Drury played the game, was an unbelievable fucking player.
Stanley Cup winner, big time goal scorer, big time player.
Okay.
Use that asset.
I don't know why you're hiding from the guy.
Because those guys have respect for you as opposed to like some analytic guy it's like they'd be like ah fuck off so they almost like instantly have that type of
camaraderie where they can see eye to eye well they should i mean they should you know they
watch the game they know they should know i mean crides knows drew's history all those guys you
know he's the gm he was the captain of the team you know watch any documentary with
detroit and how important jury was with colorado but i want him like i i want these guys in the
room more so that's okay so let's stick with that then we're going to go back to zabedajad and more
the individuals so you'd maybe you've disagreed with the way that jury has basically handled
everything do you agree that he mishandled the Trouba thing in the summertime
and then everything throughout the course of this?
Or do you agree with the way that he handled the Trouba thing?
Well, let's not forget, like,
Drury got run out of New York as a player.
So he's been there.
And he got run out of New York because I think his no trade,
his limited no trade, put him in a box.
And at a certain point in time, there were no more takers and they kind of just had to unload them.
So that's the business aspect of it.
And Trouba has to understand if you play a card at a certain point, you got to be able to back that thing up because there's there's rules to this you send a guy down
that's totally legal you can call that bluff you you know remember that the guys we played with in
the american league they were making five six million bucks 15 years ago there were lots of
guys you know i i was one of them at a certain point so but yes did drew handle that properly i mean no because why not just be
straight up about it and say in the summer like listen we thought at this moment it was best to
chip to to move jacob he doesn't want to move we hope i hope that that's a statement to me in this
organization that he's going to come back and he's going to be one of the best players on our team there's an angle on all of these things you
have to be touching these guys and challenging these guys at every angle so did truba do something
to the room well who knows capo caco should have never been drafted in the first place so if you
want to really rip the DNA of where
this organization has been built
and who your depth guys are,
then we can go there also.
Ketel, he has
flashes. He has moments.
But
Kapo Kako, Roslevic,
I just watched Roslevic score the game
winner against New York today.
He has like 15 goals, doesn't he?
Maybe, and maybe that's a better system for him.
But for the Rangers to win the cup last year,
he was not the guy to get at the deadline.
Yep.
No way.
Well, Aves, but on the other side of all that,
the way you played the game,
don't you think there's something to be said about,
like, you're the reports don't you think there's something to be said about like you're the
reports the room's fractured the room isn't happy about goudreau and truba and this and how it was
handled but it's like go out and fucking play like guys like you could be unhappy but enough's enough
like you gotta you gotta you're getting paid all this money i hate to sound like one of those people
but like the room's fractured like fucking figure it out in my mind yeah but again
i'll come back to the coaching aspect of that is like you you are what you are you are what you
have this is your team right now and you got to get those guys it's not that hard to get a team
fired up to play in msg every night and when i look behind the bench and i see laviolette and
phil housley and mike Peckett and there's not
like a fucking organism of strength behind them they're not touching the players after every shift
get off the iPads get off those fucking iPads and let's talk it out you saw what I saw so that's an
issue to me that's an issue but also the depth of this organization right now
and i'm obsessed you guys this easton cowan kid holy fuck i watch all his highlights you know
seen what he's done in these pre-tournament games too for canada it's it's insane how good he doesn't
stop moving his feet he does not stop moving his feet. And that's what you need. And you also have to
have structure in how you're coaching your team. So what's going to happen in New York? How long
are we going to let this go on for? As a fan, I'm saying this as a fan. And when I texted Biz,
I don't know, last week, I'm going to New York. I'm going to see Fish. I'm making the pilgrimage
to dance with the wookies it's
a it's a thing that makes me happy i do it i fucking treat myself every once in a while you
know was it an impulsive thing did i have a meeting set up with the owner no but i usually you know
he's around he's very easy is he is he watching your instagram clips where you're pointing out
flaws in the team
absolutely that's what i'm saying because he's probably saying this guy is watching and you're
pointing out issues that you have you talked about stop moving your feet you've been very
hard recently on crider now we could talk about him and zabena jad because you talked about the
identity of the team where these are guys who are getting a lot of ice time um agreed with you on the afraid to dump it in and go for check and get it that was my issue with the buffalo
sabers they've been struggling and they can't win a fucking game they haven't won one since
crisis a cowboy and the other night we had them against the rangers who were struggling i counted
one fucking hit in the first period yeah so they're not playing physical they're not dumping
the puck in and And then those leaders
are not setting examples in that department. Well, and I was thinking about this also, like
I played against Kevin Adams. We played against him. He played hard. Okay. He played hard. He
always showed up. He wasn't a fucking game breaker. Kevin Adams was not a game breaker. Okay.
So I don't know how Kevin Adams becomes the general manager of a team that has lost 12 games in a row in the NHL.
Are you kidding me?
He has three coaches under him who've had 10 or more game losing streaks.
It's like crazy, crazy shit.
So Mr. Pagula, he owns the team in Buffalo.
Very successful guy. How do you keep making the same mistakes
and these guys that you find to run these teams are like,
I mean, come on.
I didn't know that stat.
That is disgusting.
I thought it was four, but never mind three.
Yeah, still ridiculous.
So, you know, like we said it it last year and i tried to jump on the
bandwagon last year and thought i knew that they couldn't get over the hump i mean we're not even
talking about their goalie how good their goalie is the rangers and how many games they that that
guy bails them out which is fine he gets an allotted amount of money per the cap. His percentage of responsibility is higher than others, and he pulls his weight.
But then coming back to Mika and Krides, we're running a business here, guys.
We are running a business here.
Not only a business, we're in the business of winning.
That's what we should be.
And I can't have you guys taking nights off, weeks off.
I can't. I just can't rely on
you i can't build a team like sebastian ajo he has a bad week i know it's not going to last that long
he's going to find seth jarvis you you know i i need some of these fucking core guys ryan mcdonough
ryan mcdonough who the rangers gave up on and maybe it was the time at a certain point
but I would have found a way to get him again and even the Brady Kachuk stuff you got to find a
player to build around you got to find and Lafreniere is being sucked into this see now
we're saying yeah that's I don't think that's naturally him he's he's like kind of like a like
a Phil Kessel he's a piece and then you're you're, you're, you're going to go talk about Panera in a little bit.
Like, I think he's one of the most skillful players in the world.
I think he's all time, but you're essentially saying that he's not that piece to build around.
He's not that guy where you're going to say, I'm going to follow that guy outside the locker
room.
Like Matthew, like Brady, like Nathan McKinnon, like kale mccarr like sydney crosby he like that's a
different beast that's a different dog and you're saying that they don't have that and they might
have like they might have had a little bit with truba in the sense that at least he was a fucking
killer well and and by the way crides could do a lot of that because we're not asking a lot from him we're just asking him to have a heartbeat and be alive and and show that you know you bleed blue and you've played for this team for
a long time this is your home and you don't want it to go down this way he weighs 230 pounds
you know he can he can fucking smash people with his speed. Yeah.
And then I think about this as a fan.
This is from a fan standpoint.
And if I had the opportunity to tell Mr. Dolan in a calm atmosphere where it was like fun and jokes.
Like at a Phish concert on shrooms?
Well, he's a big jam band guy.
You know, JD and the Sure Shot,
his band that he has is a jam band.
I would say, what's going to happen?
Drew's going to fire the coach.
He's going to go hire Jay Pandolfo, who I don't know Pando,
but I'm sure he's a great guy.
But Pando's not the next coach in the New York Rangers.
Let's not repeat this and go, okay, then we got to get the Tortorella guy.
And then we find the young the Tortorella guy and then we find
the young guy the Jack the Quinn guy and we're going to develop develop what what did he develop
he almost buried he almost buried Lafreniere kid's an unbelievable a superstar in my opinion he
almost buried him Kako and Hedl where was their development this team is in a bad spot as an org chart this team is not in a
good spot as an org chart i'm not talking about right now today would it be safe to say that
they're fugazis i've heard you use this term um you know how that seems like like a heavy-handed that's a big one to drop that on them aggressive it is
right it's a little early it's a little early okay what do you do what do you do with keandre
oh geez i okay but i've said like fuck that's a guy you trade and he ends up figuring it out
it's like six four skates but is it enough is enough and like we're willing to make make that
risk at this point because i don't know yeah i don't know if you were on too when larry brooks
his theory was is that he got involved in hockey very late like i think he started playing when he
was like 11 or 12 and maybe he lacks some hockey instincts that like maybe people who played their
entire life would have like do you believe that you think that's true what do you think is wrong with him well um first of all he's
a big kid he skates well the kid in la who's the first rounder uh in la brant clark no the kid
that's starting to play play well they've they with him for... Oh, Quinton Byfield.
Oh, Byfield.
Byfield, the forward.
I mean, he scored a couple of goals in the last couple of weeks
and made some plays like,
holy shit.
That doesn't happen that often
where a guy comes and finds it.
Even the Dubois kid,
maybe it'll work out,
but Byfield seems different.
As far as... as keandre you gotta move him now okay you gotta move him now while he has trade value it's not
gonna work out he's not a big market guy he's not he doesn't have the demeanor of ryan mcdonough
because ryan mcdonough when you put him in a war zone,
he turns into a real fucking warrior quick.
He's coming out of the corner with a puck.
And I don't think Keandre Miller is at least right now in his career.
Yeah.
So, so if you're running the team,
if you're managing that org chart and you're also trying to stay in it,
you move him.
Now you get,
you move that early.
You got to move early before and drew did a great
job with with kako getting a third and a six i mean that is a steal for that kid an absolute steal
and again i i get upset about other things like who's at the world juniors right now
trying to find the next brandon prost or Sean Avery or Easton Cowan
although Cowan's turning into a whole
different level of a player not just
like a water bug he's like a game
breaker a game breaker who's that who's
at that tournament right now who is
watching who is trying to find the next
player that can come in and play like
right now and I don't see that and it's very upsetting find the next player that can come in and play like right now?
And I don't see that.
And it's very upsetting.
And the team is so fragile.
It's so fragile.
I mean, you don't have, you've got Rempe just sitting around totally mismanaged.
Our fourth line is nondescript.
I mean, you got Enstrom and Sam Carrick.
Do you think any team, do you think the florida
panthers go oh boys watch out for that fourth line out there tonight they're really gonna lean on you
is it extra like six eight two yeah yeah you know what's funny is is i was uh we were texting today
about the jt miller peterson situation and i felt that there's a few teams who could really use JT.
I feel like New York could use a bulldog like that,
and you think that something maybe like Keiondre Miller
and somebody else in a high draft pick could maybe get him back,
and then all of a sudden, I think that Trocek is probably a guy
that you can rely on.
That's a foxhole guy, in my opinion, that you can win with.
So with him and JT at center ice, that's a pretty good one, two punch just right there.
Yeah.
I mean, listen, Trocek, I like his game.
I think he's a little small and doesn't skate well enough to like, he's yeah.
He's a superstar in the playoffs, but he's going to score you big goals and he's going
to kill penalties and he's, he's great.
He doesn't make too much money.
JT Miller made an impression in New York City.
Let's not forget that.
He had some major moments and scored big goals for that team already.
The fans, whatever happened, I don't know if that was a Quinn thing or there was something
happened with JT Miller in New York, but it wasn't really, it wasn't off by shit.
He's a superstar.
JT Miller is a big player.
Reminds me of Rod Brindamore, but like a little bit different.
I don't know.
He's got something about him.
Like maybe faster?
Faster kind of?
He got a little of those Primo brothers.
And I don't know.
There's something, I love him.
And yes, that would be, but sweeten the pot
and don't wait too long.
Like it's the perfect situation.
You've got an opportunity.
It's a West Coast team.
You don't have that boundary.
Make the move.
Give them, I would give them Hedl and I would give them Keiondre Miller.
And I mean, listen, who else can you just throw in at this point?
But aren't those two enough why do i even
need to move a pick i'll move guys that are playing for i'll move mika you want to go straight
up one for one let's go i don't think they're doing that unless they get into your your uh your
pre-game mix before the fish concert one one last guy we haven't talked about and it kind of goes with
the theme do you believe in an adam fox do you think that's a piece that you can build on listen
i love foxy i get upset that they don't embrace foxy and the jewish community like i i would love
to see like a a hasidic section at msg like fox yarmulkes and stuff yes dancing and you should see the
brooklyn churches the the jews go hard there like the dancing uh but whatever that's just from a
marketing standpoint i guess if i was the gm what do they call it when uh when they chop off the
foreskin wow that's a chutzpah jesus that's why they could do like a fox chopping cocks like they could do
like a special like they show up they do it they get like a rangers jersey no i don't know what
the official term is i was oh it's a breed it's a oh it's a breed i was out one recently yes yes
shout out david and they do it with like a skate blade right there baby cries you hear it all it's
really it's not It's uncomfortable.
Our middle and youngest was right in the kitchen.
Really? Calamari. Right in the kitchen island.
We're going to have a nice little dish of placenta and calamari tonight.
But a circumcision is a blessing for everyone.
Everyone, right? I mean, I got a covered wagon. But back to foxy uh i know i mean it wasn't my decision i was you know my parent you blame my father uh so so you like
foxy they need to embrace him more and and playing wise you like his game and do you think he should
get the c well listen yeah i mean he's not b Leach, okay? But I'll tell you, a very
interesting demeanor similar to a Brian Leach. And if you built a team around him with like Jeff
Bukabooms and Kevin Lowe's and guys that are fucking reliable and can handle minutes, Lindgren
has just played himself to death. He's shot. All right. Then Adam Fox is the star
that he is, but he's getting killed. He's tired. He's exhausted. He gets run. He plays too many
minutes every single night. And, you know, he's also disenchanted. Probably. He's probably not
feeling too hot about his own game right now. So you got to immediately build and protect him.
He's your quarterback. He is your quarterback. That's where it all starts. When he's playing
and he's making moves, they're a different team. But he's too susceptible to everything right now.
And Rempe on a nightly basis also gives Adam Fox time to breathe because now you just have the ability to match whatever's thrown.
So if you want to play a hard game on Foxy tonight,
Rempe might play a couple of shifts with Panera.
You got to juggle that.
You have to fucking understand that that's the game you're playing.
I don't see it.
Would you fire LaViolette or would you keep him?
I'd fire him today.
Yeah.
Wow.
Absolutely.
Yeah, you have to.
You have to, guys.
It's been too much.
You have to.
Too bad.
Come on.
I saw a thing there, 25 chance to make the playoffs right now.
I mean, in a big market like that,
Eastern Conference Finals last year were that close.
Like, I mean, it starts.
Unfortunately, that's part of it.
Yeah, the coach goes first.
But, you know, that's where I get nervous.
The coach goes.
Then who goes?
Then who do you bring in?
Sean Avery.
Yeah, well, and by the way, I don't want you to drop.
I'd love to see you in the room
with that fucking pointer hey he's a better jab you're here move to the corner and get here you
know it's so funny you guys know this i look at assistant coaches they're so exhausted they're so
tired my buddy rich clune he he's in anaheim. I haven't asked him about this.
I'm sure they're at the rink all day long.
Oh, video, video, video.
Why do we need to be there? Give me the pointer
stick. Guys, you want to break down the
tape today? Let's do it before practice. We'll
break it down. It's so easy.
We'll take 35 minutes.
We'll break it down with the pointer stick.
You guys can get up and use the pointer
stick. This can be a full fucking conversation interactive you don't have to sit here and
try and stay awake okay watching mistakes but but the assistant coaches are exhausted and that's why
i look at pekka and i go this guy's so tired he's uh he's too tired by the time the game starts to
even get these guys fired up it the whole fucking system is
broken and the ipads on the bench guys you know the game what do you what do you want to see you
want to watch your release point on that one like i i need you in the game fellas get rid of these
ipads i think it's ridiculous i think like maybe once in a while like to show hey this is what i'm talking about if he can't
understand it when communicating but like i mean some of the old school guys like torts they're
fucking breaking them over their knee rempy got eight games oh very reasonable i think that uh
yeah i mean what's your reaction to that but i think it's also okay to move on, like, past the Rangers stuff.
Wait, did you have anything more on the Rangers?
Well, Rempe gets eight games.
Fuck, Ray.
I mean, yeah.
How much money has this kid lost?
How many suspensions has he had?
It's an eight-game hit.
I got to tell you.
It was an eight-game hit.
It was an eight-game hit.
On a superstar, too.
Yeah.
He was one of the best defensemen in the league.
Yeah, they're like, enough of this.
Double it.
Enough of this.
So, 18.
It comes with an angling class, though.
That's the good news.
Well, they sent me to rehab for anger management,
so you can add any addendum to any suspension you want.
That's been proven, right?
Don't forget that so they
should have gary should have said okay and one mandatory angling class is colin campbell still
there i have no i i think he's still in the mix yeah he's still in the mix and did they did they
make brempi actually go to the nhl office for that decision like what was the in-person hearing
about i mean he's in new york he could have just went and grabbed a coffee and went over it's a
little different if you have to fly in um right but what do you think they spoke about when they
got there did they ask they were probably like hey dude what what is wrong with you like you've played 22 games you've been kicked out in 25 of them oh boy they can't his name at the garden i mean yeah
i think they gotta yeah i think they gotta sign him up for like ufc or something to get his anger
out um he doesn't even seem like an angry no he needs an angling class at the end of practice.
That's what he fucking needs.
Um, we're going to dump these pucks in and you try and hit me as hard as you can.
Until you can figure this out.
Like it's, it's a mathematical equation.
It's what we've been doing since we were kids.
Our eyes work differently.
We can just, we can just sense it.
I killed Patrick Coletta. It's my favorite hit in NHL history. Our eyes work differently. We can just sense it.
I killed Patrick Coletta.
It's my favorite hit in NHL history.
I killed him.
I killed him.
Great guy to kill.
Really?
He was a rat on the ice.
Respected his effort.
He was perfect for Buffalo.
He got a couple sussies.
Moving away from hockey, were you in the Happy Gilmore 2 movie?
Do you have a cameo in that?
I was in Happy Gilmore.
I am in Happy Gilmore.
And what a wonderful week.
Chris Chelios is also in it.
Nice.
Where'd they film it, Aves?
We were in New Jersey, like Bedminster, you know, kind of rural Jersey.
It was very nice.
Sandler's, what a mensch.
What a mensch.
That movie's going to be very funny.
No wokeness.
The wokeness is gone.
They're firing.
They're firing on all cylinders in it.
And I think it's going to be likeflix's big summer movie but they had a
bar on set um yeah i mean it's happy gilmore too he's just like sandler's the king you saw it he
was he was shooting you know he'd shoot in the morning go into new york city and play pickup in
the afternoon but let me tell you this this is. So I got to spend five uninterrupted days with
Chelly in the city and working. And the city days were really special because Chelly is a machine.
He's a warrior. He still looks incredible, but his knees shot. Okay. So this is how he manages it.
He says, I feel great. We're're gonna have a great day we're gonna
traverse new york city but we have to go to the uh russian bathhouse downtown in the morning
because he's got to get in the cold plunge to to essentially freeze his knee for four to five hours
so that we can walk around and And then like two in the afternoon,
I can see he's starting to slow down.
I said, Shelly, listen, you know, a side note,
you should get your knee done.
He says, no, my knee's fine.
We just got to go, we got to go back to the baths.
So we would go back to the baths.
He would refreeze his leg and his knee,
and he'd be good for another four to six hours.
So that's not a way to live right guys
you understand that you gotta get the replacement well he should but he uh who knows who knows we
had an unbelievable time uh the movie's gonna be great i was back in new york i there's just
an energy i gotta get back to new york you know what i really because
i mean it was it got pretty gross there over covid and like i still don't really enjoy all
the people in some of the areas where i'm just like oh like it's still i'd rather just yeah oh
you just you you you miss that new york energy you're kind of sick of la what are the people
like in la kind of not vibing with them
no i love everyone i'm in laurel canyon i lived here when i played for the kings um you know a lot
of biden hair stickers biden hair walls a lot of walls stickers um but you know everyone's you don't
see anyone you're in your cars all the time people don't leave their houses. I'm talking about when I talk about New York.
Energy.
I would love for Drew to just give me some special assistant to him job
and let me go out on the road and watch games.
I want to traverse the American League and find the next me.
Okay?
I want to traverse the American League and find the next me.
Okay?
I want to find dogs that can play on your bottom six and outplay any bottom six in the league.
That's because until you have that, you cannot fucking win.
You are not going to win.
Go find a couple of kids for sure.
It's on those guys too.
It is seeing them in person. Because when you you watch film it's like you don't see like after the whistle or skating by the bench or all like the
things that you're like oh if i'm in the building i see a totally different side of that guy
and i could see you just just watching after the way you're gonna go you're gonna go on the road
and go to these barns and what are they going to have to pay
you to do it?
More than the average scout, that's
for sure.
More than the average bear.
Yes,
of course, but yeah, that's easy and I don't need
to rip the repetition.
I see a kid play once, that's all
I need. I just need to see a kid play once.
World juniors, all these special tournaments, That's all I need. I just need to see a kid play once. Okay.
World juniors, all these special tournaments.
You got to find dogs. I was also thinking about who would my assistant coach hires be, right?
I was thinking about some wild.
Where's Zenning Kanopka these days?
Zenning Kanopka is coaching in the the niagara region i believe i love zen
and kanopka we were going to get him on the pod we will at some point he was a motherfucker
interesting you know you know the old rule like back in the 80s is wet he loves this
he loves zen and kanopka but we we used to have to play he was in syracuse he was the captain of
the syracuse crunch we were playing for wilkes-barre all those years and there used to have to play. He was in Syracuse. He was the captain of the Syracuse Crunch. We were playing for Wilkes-Barre all those years.
And there used to be a rule in the 80s and early 90s
where if you were playing a tough team,
you would never want to be up by more than two goals.
That still existed in the 2000s
playing against the Syracuse Crunch
because they had Konopka.
They had Derek Dorsett.
They had John.
They had all these guys uh Rome was there who was a
tough guy who ended up going playing Vancouver who ended up drilling I think it was Nathan Horton in
the finals yep they would if you would get up by more than two they would beat the fuck out of you
if you're if your goalie froze the puck they would fucking spear him right in the wrist and then they
would be ready to drop the gloves if you wanted to say anything about it so going back to your point like yeah like
you're saying those types of guys to what to be your assistants who are savages yeah i mean guys
that like come to the rink every single day and there's no challenge that's too big to win. Like guys that climb that mountain, but still have that dog in them.
And that rubs off on your team. You know what I mean? If your team, if your fucking coaching
staff is fearless and they're with you in this fight and they trust you and you trust them,
then it just changes everything. It just changes. And part of the reason that teams don't have that is because the
responsibilities that they put on these assistant coaches with all this
video shit, you know what I mean?
And, and, and so, yeah, I think about that name.
I was thinking about all kinds of names.
I think Mike Stothers is an old coach of mine who he dealt with some
cancer stuff, but he was, he was a head coach of mine, not only in the American League,
but in junior.
Owen's down guy.
Owen's down.
Oh, yeah, you played for the attack as well.
Yeah, and he, I mean, buddy, no bullshit.
Still a great guy, man to man, but like, yeah,
he would instill fear in you if you were playing like the way
that some of these guys you're talking about are playing.
He'd be like, he'd be no nonsense.
I don't know if you had anything else.
My final question.
Oh, yeah, this is awesome.
Whenever you come on.
Final question.
Right now, we're about, I don't know, 40 through the season, 45.
Who's your cup pick?
Yeah, who you liking?
Because I think the Oilers are still going to get it done,
but I don't know if you are in complete disagreement
or you got another team.
I don't know if I'm blinded by
bias,
but let me tell you something, guys.
Why is
the Tampa Bay Lightning,
why do they get me so excited?
Like, Brandon Hagel turning
into not only
a hell of a
fucking trade, right?
But an NHL superstar.
100-point pace.
Right?
He got chosen for the cup.
What's it called?
Four Nations.
Four Nations.
Four Nations Cup.
Like, they've got guys.
Paul's a second-half player, okay?
I think that Vassie knows he's got one or two left i think headman knows he's got
one real fucking bomb left to really throw out there where he's like the best could win a vesna
again they've retooled some of these kids on defense that they got and how about the uh how
about the geeky kid this This geeky kid is turning.
Every week he gets so much better.
Every week he gets so much better.
That's the progression you want to see happen from your young guys.
Like, we don't have time to wait for this shit.
You're either in or you're in the wait, guys.
We'll give you a little bit.
Geeky now, all of a sudden, he's found a home.
That team is the real deal coming out of the East.
I don't watch the West enough, but it seems wide open.
My understanding, too, is given the no-move clause stuff,
is that JT Miller has said that he'd be willing to waive it to go there.
Back to Tampa?
Listen, Pasha, was it you who told me that or somebody else did?
I want to say I remember hearing that.
Well, he played there.
He played there, right?
So he played there and New York, and they're both the big markets,
at least in the sense of can make a run for it.
So that's the two that made sense.
The other one I threw out there was Pittsburgh
because you said they don't got time to wait.
Same with Pittsburgh.
They need a fucking dog.
Although they have played really well over the last 12 games,
they could really use a guy like JT Miller, and he'd be going home.
And I just don't know what they'd be able to give up to get him.
But going back to Tampa, if you were them, would you want him?
And who would you give up to get him?
Well, I guess that's the question.
Who would you give up?
There's nobody on Tampa's roster that would gett miller that they could afford to give up to still win a cup so so i would
give up uh do they have an an heir to uh vasilevsky that's like a the highest touted goalie in the
system i would give up whatever my blue chick number one was i would give that guy up
to get jt miller now and make one more run make one it would be connor geeky it would be connor
geeky and a bunch of other things yeah that that that yeah jt miller makes such a i wouldn't i
think that breeze blah is a gm that could figure out a way to get it done because he always does.
You talked about the Hagel move before that.
Who else did he do it with?
Well, the Stamkos move.
Listen, the Stamkos move, he did the opposite of what Drew has done in New York.
And the Igor deal is different because Igor is worth every penny.
I don't care.
I mean, he overpaid him wildly, but you had to.
That Breezebois gets these deals done,
and he gets them done early,
and if he doesn't see what he likes, he moves on quick.
Yeah, who was the kid who was in L.A. now?
Janot, that was a fumble.
They overpaid drastically for that,
even if he did score 20 goals.
And then the other one I was thinking of is Coleman.
So they just  and Paul.
Paul, yeah.
They seem to really go out there, and the scouts know exactly what they're going to find,
and they usually hit it pretty good.
Oh, they actually have  G just mentioned they got that kid, the Iceman,
Isaac Howard from Michigan State, Aves.
I think you'd love this kid.
I know him.
I know him well.
I remember his draft. Yes, when he said, I'm the best think you'd love this kid. I know him. I know him well. I remember his draft.
Yes, when he said,
I'm the best looking guy at the draft.
Yep.
Oh, the man missile.
Yes.
Did he light it up?
Did he have a great year?
He's lighting it up right now.
Michigan State's number one in the country.
So he would have to be involved in that.
Yeah.
Well, I actually got one more for you.
That JT Miller stuff.
By the way, guys, I spent some time in Vancouver.
I was visiting the Kitts Eyeglass Factory, and I went to the Arbutus Club.
Arbutus, the fuck fest, the hockey fuck fest.
Did you get laid?
There's a hockey game going on.
There's a full bar.
It's Christmas.
There's kids running around.
That's an full bar. It's Christmas. There's kids running around. That's an incredible.
Yeah, no Paris because they're all fucking on the third level of the parking garage.
Do you have an animosity towards them because you broke it?
Yeah, I do.
They wouldn't let me in.
Oh, they.
I would be upset, too.
I love it there.
I love that place.
Why wouldn't they let you in? to the fuck fest on on level three
i got i thought it was made clear they weren't happy they said when you released the news no
covered wagons at the arbutus club hey there you go there you go you could good luck getting your
membership um the eiser plan what are your thoughts on the
eiser plan what's happening with your boy you loved playing with him is he waiting for a moment
like is he just retooling enough and filling spots in because he sees that he's got a guy
that's going to fill that spot but he doesn't want to go out and overpay a guy to hold that spot.
And is there that piece of his plan that's still in the motions and in the mix?
Yes.
Yes.
Because he's not happy about his team laying fucking eggs right now.
You know, just being kind of competeless a little bit and really easy to play against
which was not the teams that detroit won cups with they were the hardest team to play against
with with kozlov and constantina i mean the fucking russians on detroit when they were winning cups
were some of the hardest players to play against period not not just the canadians and the americans they were the nastiest so that's
in stevie's dna like he's never gonna change i know that okay and shanny and toronto's getting
fooled shanny that there's a little bluff going on in toronto right now which is fine i'm okay
with it what does that mean wow Wow. Uh, I mean,
it means that they're great.
Regular season.
It means that they're great in the regular season,
but they changed.
Listen,
uh,
Bobby McMahon.
I love the kid.
He changes the team immediately.
Different DNA.
Okay.
Uh,
the defenseman,
the,
the Lil grin,
is that his name?
The finished kid?
No, he's he, they moved on from him.
He got dealt.
Okay, anyways, the team looks good.
They're better, Biz.
They're going to get fucking...
They'll get shit stomped by Tampa or Florida in the conference finals.
Guaranteed.
They don't have that depth yet.
Okay, that's fair, but this is the best team they've had in the last 15, 20 years.
And I trust that.
I don't necessarily agree with you on Tampa.
I think that they would definitely have a hard time getting past Florida.
They would just have to find.
They would also have to make a move or two in order to add the things that you're talking about.
Do you think that.
So do you think that, I mean,
Marder's been incredible.
Do you just don't think that transfers over
to come playoff time?
Like you don't think their big dogs can be
the big dogs against Florida?
I do, but I think they're easily beaten
if a team decides to play a certain way.
And there's only certain teams that will stay disciplined
enough to play that way, which is we might not win game one.
We might not win game two.
If we put every puck behind Morgan Riley and we wear him down and we grind the
fuck out of them, I don't think they can win.
Okay.
And then back to the Iser plan.
You think that there's some big moves coming.
He's just sitting in the
weeds right now with the sniper rifle and then he's gonna get something done yeah i think and
i'm not saying necessarily that it's you know moving players this year but i think that when
he looks up at his board i think he's got some diamond in the rough in fucking Kazakhstan or somewhere, you know, I think that there's
pieces that he's going to move and he's going to put, and he goes, okay, now I see it coming
and he has it overpaid. You know, I don't know what their cap situation is, but it's got to be
extremely healthy. It's very healthy, right? It's very healthy. This guy's not saddled with any
long-term deals. No no the only long-term
ones they got are good ones raymond raymond and cider i think the only ones with long and then
and then they're captain larkin which is a great piece great which brings me to who's going to be
buying the islanders assets because barzell if i'm the Rangers right now, I don't know.
Weirder things have happened.
How do we make that move?
How do we get Matt Barzell on our team?
Lou may just say, I don't know.
It's not unheard of,
but there's some pieces over there
that I would like to add to a couple of teams.
I just don't see them winning.
Right? No. Last thing, Western
Conference. Any team stick
out to you?
Yeah.
Fucking Adrian Kempe and the LA
Kings. I fucking been saying
this. Merle thinks they're frauds.
They don't even have Doughty.
This Kempe dude is
one hell of a player.
I got goosebumps.
He might be the best player in the NHL.
I guess he's competitive as shit too.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
And that's what I'm talking about.
As far as a well-rounded guy, holy fuck, is he a good player, man?
And he's produced in the playoffs.
It's gotten worse against Edmonton, but he's their best player the last two years in these series.
Well, I think it has a lot to do with how he was groomed,
especially in the American Hockey League.
I was his roommate when we won a Calder Cup together.
Oh, you know him?
I know Adrian Kempe.
Yes, I was his roommate.
We won a Calder Cup together.
I saw him play and develop.
And, Aves, it kind of goes back to to like um you talked about byfield earlier yeah the la kings are one of the best organizations at
drafting and developing and they go and draft players like they'll go spend a fourth rounder
they're not trying to get the the okay that guy's got the most skill and he can end up being this hundred point guy like a like a kucherov they're saying this kid is six two he's 210 pounds he skates well he plays
his fucking position and when he's out of position he sprints back to his position he's great at
stick on puck he he played he'll block they go and they find that tool to replace the next tool that they're losing right
and right and they are just and adrian kempe played in the american hockey league for the
better part of two two and a half seasons if not closer to three that player that you're watching
now spent three years in the american league that's how you draft and develop in order to make an impact at the next level.
That's why I do feel not bad for, but Capo Caco had no business being in the NHL right away.
No.
And there's a ton of guys who I think careers really do get hindered by not playing two to three years in the NHL.
What's wrong with dominating down there before you come up?
I don't get it.
Look at the Robertson kid in Toronto. toronto you know biz that's one thing okay i know he's playing better and
shout out to max domi who's moving his feet every time he gets the puck he's moving his feet and he
gives and goes that's how max has to play he's got to play a little reckless but straight ahead
the robertson kid they've they've worked him for a while i'm nervous about him in
the playoffs whether or not i don't think that he's going to be there he's not the long-term
answer i think they're going to move on from him they need to and listen he was unbelievable in
pre-season but you got mcmahon you need another mcmahon is what you need and i think that they
could potentially get by florida i think that they're going to be okay against tampa and another
example g just put
in the chat is kind of like Shane Wright like Shane Wright wasn't ready where did he go and
he's starting to turn the corner a little bit you're starting to seem like like kind of like
Lafreniere like yeah he probably should have been maybe even down in the minors too so it's kind of
a big discussion going on right now where the game has gotten faster and more skillful, but there seems to be a lot of brains and hockey sense that is being lacking as a result to that.
Excuse me.
Yeah, well, everybody's trying to chase it.
It's too fast.
They're trying to chase it.
These guys play fast.
They want it.
They want these guys that it doesn't make up a team.
And I don't know, Anaheim.
Listen, is Anaheim off the the the tracks are they that bad or are they do they have moments like are they a second
half team no they're i think that they need to figure out they got to switch their a few of our
friends have had issue with the way that their coach coaches really he's too hard on guys i hear he's just like not he's just like unfair and maybe like a little bit uh a little bit out there with
his philosophies i think that he thinks his philosophies are like earth shattering where
it's really not that deep i think mostly of what you said on the show is right you got to just show
up with your balls and that's about 90 of it right right uh well you
also have to read the room you know if guys are focused on the tiktok algorithm today work that
into the conversation that's why we got the laser pointer that's why we got the laser pointer
aves what's your tiktok uh okay so quickly i've just i've i'm only focusing on instagram subscribers oh okay i'm
trying to build my own network right um i just want subscribers so that i can say maybe at some
point biz goes hey come on tnt and i go okay biz i will no problem but i I need more than 400 to show because I got 8,500 subscribers on Instagram
that if I do this game, I'm letting them down and I got the balance. So everything's on Instagram
and I'm just trying to, and I'll probably get sued. I'm saying this now because I'm the only
guy that's figured out how to use the ip right essentially i'm using the
intellectual property of of the nhl i pay for the subscription so that i get the feed for the games
on esbm plus but the pointer stick has given me the ability to make this thing like a real thing
it's like it's all because you're not in frame Okay, interesting. So I'm just foreshadowing a little bit of something.
That's what I'm trying to do.
I'm trying to build up that audience where you guys small.
I mean, 2.99 at Tim Hortons.
A double-double costs more, and the subway in New York costs more, right?
2.99 a month to subscribe on Instagram.
So I'm just letting it rip over there and it's fun
and I just had an audition for what's going to be the biggest movie of 2025 and now I just sit
and I wait is there anything you can tell us about the movie yeah I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get it
but I've worked with this director before. Yeah, yeah. Nolan, Christopher Nolan.
Well, I mean, that's unbelievable.
So now in Oppenheimer, you had a pretty significant role.
You had a speaking role and a very impactful moment. Do you think that the role this time would be more significant,
like more lines and more face time?
I think so.
I think so.
That's awesome.
That's awesome.'s always be sick
yeah that's what this whole thing this whole game whether we're talking about hockey
or life or you're selling insurance the ascension is real like you have to earn all of these minutes
i'm not going to give anyone anything and no one's going to give me anything let's just go out there and fucking
lay it all out there let's go you want to win games you got to go to the bad spots you got to
go to the dark areas it's uncomfortable aves thank you so much for joining us buddy uh i hope you get
that gig man because you obviously know a shit ton about the game you can break it down and you
could probably translate a lot of that
knowledge to to the younger kids coming up like they'll respect you because you were there and
you did it and uh you're always a breath of fresh air my friend aves what one question when would
when would you find out if you get that role or do you not even know no i'll know in a week or two
oh good luck buddy shoot us a text because we'll let the fans know. Good luck. I will. Everybody have a great holiday.
G, Mazel Tov.
And yeah, just it's beautiful.
It's a beautiful game.
It's a beautiful game, guys.
Hockey.
Hockey gives.
Hockey gives.
It always delivers, boys.
Hockey delivers.
Sean Avery, thank you so much.
What up, guys?
Whit here.
I want to talk about DraftKings.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
It's the holiday season.
It's the perfect time of year for getting in all of the hoops,
the football, the hockey.
There's action everywhere at the DraftKings Sportsbook.
And in the season of giving, we're being gifted college football
and basketball, pro football and basketball, and pro hockey too. Almost 24-7. That's not even including world juniors that's
going on now. So many games every day, so many opportunities to place your first bet. Try betting
something simple like picking a team to win. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app and place your bet.
And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet 5 to get 150 in bonus bets
if your bet wins. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code CHICKLETS. That's
code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when
you bet just five bucks. Happy holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
In New York, call 877-8-HOPE-NY or text HOPE-NY 467-369.
In Connecticut, help is available
for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777
or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 and over,
age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bet must win to receive reward.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co slash ice.
Thank you so much to Sean Avery.
I cannot wait to see that Happy Gilmore remake.
I'm not a huge fan of remakes but this one being
hockey and golf like I'm all in
it's my two things
but that was a great conversation
and man imagine
if he was somebody that was like
high up with the New York Rangers
and then Dolan took like the leash off
of his guys so they can't talk to anyone
and he was just making content
while working for the Rangers.
Just an incredible idea.
I'm here for the TikTok Ranger era.
I'm here for it.
Well, a team that's battled the Rangers forever,
the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Shorzy, Biz and I,
we announced them as
dead. We pronounced
the entire organization is completely over.
They could fold. They could move.
It was a disaster.
And I think since then, they're 7-3-1.
So something has turned around.
Biz, you had him on TNT.
What are you seeing?
What do you think's happened?
And do you remember the Crosby quote?
Because it cracked me up when he was asked about his little slump.
Did you see what he said?
Yeah, he basically said that I was waiting for you to ask me earlier because usually when you ask me it ends so he's
now he's got the superstitious superstitions going with the media members um but we we had them on
tnt and i think it was uh i think it was one or two games after the shellacking they took from
utah and since then um after they made the trade with Nashville,
now I'm forgetting the kid's name.
He's a little spark.
Tomasino.
Tomasino.
And ever since he's came over there, eight, three, and one.
And that game that I got to watch was against the Boston Bruins.
They ended up running a nice face-off play,
kind of stunning Boston to tie it late in the second period
and ended up winning 2-1.
Tomasino had a point.
So it seems like ever since that trade, it was a little bit of a spark plug.
A lot of my issues early on were maybe the play of Letang and Carlson.
Now, I did hear rumblings that Carlson was dealing with like a herniated disc in training camp,
and it led into the season that, hey, listen, this could be completely false.
I read it on the Twitter.com machine and also might have heard it from somebody else so that's maybe a
reason to why it looked like he wasn't putting as much effort into his defensive play like do
you remember that one goal specifically against the carolina hurricanes where he was skating
backwards to the neutral zone like he looked looked like a guy at the fucking rent-a-skate
that couldn't even fucking turn his hips around
to go back check after they blew by him.
But the play of LeTang and Carlson,
specifically Carlson,
Army says it's a world of difference.
The compete level,
where he's at on the defensive side of the puck,
how he's breaking up plays,
and things are obviously clicking
a little bit more offensively for him um getting better goaltending jari was a bit of a disaster at the start of the
year ended up getting sent down to the minors uh that's cleaned itself up again and i think that
the overall compete like every time we talked about it it's like these guys look lifeless
anytime they need a little bit of a spark it's fucking crosby having to give somebody the stinky mitt and involve themselves in fisticuffs where
that should never be his responsibility you saw at the end of the game against nashville the other
night where they end up i think they lost that one but they fucking you know like doggy pile shit
they that's the fucking hockey that they need to play where they're way more emotionally
involved that we haven't seen over the course of the last two seasons when they missed playoffs so
things are heading in the right direction are they out of the woods yet absolutely not I still think
if they can make a big trade would love would love to see JT Miller back there back in his hometown
and it would be a little bit of a
revival where you could actually see if they even got into playoffs in a wild card, maybe with a
fucking one, two punch of Crosby and JT Miller, that team could make a bit of a run. You go back
to the year they won their second of the back-to-back Stanley cups. Like their back end was
not that impressive. Like Letang was injured I think
Dumoulin was their best defenseman they got unreal goaltending from Matt Murray and then they rode
their strength to the middle of the ice and some clutch playoff performances from Malkin and
Crosby so it's looking a lot better things are heading in the right direction Shorzy I don't
know what you've seen well sorry sorry biz I sorry, biz. I was going to ask him.
Um,
cause when I first met Shorzy,
when I got sent down to San Antonio,
he would ask me about Crosby all the time.
Like that was your guy.
I remember.
Do you remember like first time playing against them or any,
anything about that?
Yeah,
he was everyone.
I feel like everyone,
my age,
like growing up,
he was the guy.
And so,
yeah,
playing against him was amazing.
Um, I actually like my best game I ever had scored two goals in Pittsburgh. And I think
he told me to like, act like I had scored before or something. I don't know. Yeah. He chirped me
on one of the face-offs or something. I gave like a pretty big, we beat them actually. We were
horrible to beat them like five or six, two. I can't even remember. But he was like, even that
interview though, it's amazing. Like he still
looks so good on the ice, off the
ice, just like a complete stud.
And then not to pour it on them, but like
when they were losing too, you turn on the TV
then Gensel's down there in like
South Florida now and him pointing Kucherov
like lighting it up
looking like the Harlem Globetrotters.
So no, it's, but I think they're never
dead. I mean, with those guys, with Crosby,
Malkin, I
still think in like one game,
like of a game seven, if I had to
pick like two guys that I knew were going to
like play well, like, I mean, I know a lot of
these young guys are good, but I still think it's hard to take
other guys between like 87 and
71. I know
the thing about Sid is that he's somehow
still what you're saying is true.
He looks young,
like his face and stuff.
It's like,
what the fuck?
You've been doing this for 20 years.
Like what's his skincare routine?
He must have a legit one.
He's got a great hairline.
His fucking hairline hasn't moved back a centimeter either.
It's like,
you think him and Marshawn got a package deal on the Turkish hair transplant?
They were that Sid does like Europe
after the season.
Maybe him and Marshawn
went over with Nicky Smokes
and the bald barstool clan
and got one of those
hair transplant surgeries.
But his hair,
his everything about him,
and the fact that...
I heard he's on the
Adrenochrome.
The Pens are three points
out of the second
wildcard spot. Actually, the second wildcard spot.
Actually, the first wildcard spot because Tampa and Ottawa are tied at 38 points.
They're at 35 points, and they look dead.
Their goal differential is still minus 25, which is the worst in the Eastern Conference.
So what I've been told by one NHL scout that doesn't mean anything but take it for what it's worth
is if they had average goaltending average that they
would be sitting easily in one of the top three spots and that has a lot to do with the way that
it went in the first probably 10 to 15 games they couldn't get a save like jar jar he couldn't even
get a save in the american hockey league when he was sent down there that's how bad things were
uh another component too is you go back to last year, that anchor of a power play,
despite having four potential hall of famers,
including Latang on that list,
power plays buzzing at 22 right now and PK at 82.
So anytime you're over a hundred combined on those,
you're doing all right.
And they're a little bit over.
So not the anchor that it once was.
I'll still never forget.
And sure. I don't know forget. And sure as he,
I don't know if you saw this on Twitter last year of the coach.
I don't remember who it was.
He's holding the whiteboard with a pen and he's just staring at the thing
for 45 seconds.
Like he goes to draw something and he takes the pen back and he goes to
draw something again.
He takes it back.
Come on,
take it easy on my boy,
Todd Reardon.
Come on.
Great guy.
I forgot he was drawing the boobs. It was an all time clip though it's just like i don't i don't know what to put this power play is horrendous and all these players are nasty so that was like you
coaching the big deal selects when we wanted you for power play expertise yeah but he wasn't laughing
when the penguins lost um you know what you mentioned matt mur Matt Murray biz and I read an awesome story.
I'll, I'll tell anyone to go, go check it out.
If you have a subscription to the athletic, it's by Joshua Clokey.
Hope I'm saying that correct.
A long road, a big mountain to climb inside Matt Murray's emotional journey back to the
NHL.
And the gist of it is basically bilateral hip surgery and all the success he had in
Pittsburgh.
The first two years in the league, he's Stanley Cup champ, like back to back, playing phenomenal.
And then the injury started mounting and the play went downhill.
And all of a sudden he has a surgery where you don't even know if you'll ever play again.
And he was able to grind and grind and grind and never stop.
He was always around the guys in the room while still not knowing.
Like, I don't know if I'll ever be the same.
And he came back and he got an enormous win,
6-3 against Buffalo,
where that was, I think, 93 Maple Leafs fans in Buffalo,
which is usually at least 50-50.
But with the way the Sabres are going,
Toronto took the arena over.
12 in a row.
And after Murray's talking about how he kind of just,
he was pretty emotional with the media
and he's sitting there and he's just like,
I didn't know if this would ever happen again.
And Shorzy, I want to ask you,
when you battle through an injury
or you're down in the minors after being in the NHL
and you don't know if you ever will get the chance
to be in the National Hockey League again,
when you get that next game,
how amazing is that feeling
and the thought of,
I'm back here and I didn't know if it would happen?
Yeah, it's the best feeling in the world.
I can't imagine him
because I never had the highs that he had
or the injuries that he had.
And I don't know, Biz,
I can't keep track
if you're on the Leafs bandwagon or not,
but how good would it be
if somehow he just,
the second half of the season
and then playoffs,
gets super hot again, how he did back in the day in Pittsburgh
and the Leafs finally get the goaltending?
Well, I mean, we have the deepest goaltending regime in the world.
Maybe the hockey world has ever seen.
We got Stolarz.
Buddy, we got Stolarz.
We got the Hildebeest.
We got Joseph.
Whoa.
And then now we got Matt Murray.
I mean, come on meow
fucking four stallions and i believe we stole us out four to six weeks uh they gave they gave your
hilda beast boy a little chance and he did not look good i think now it's murray and wall i think
it's murray and wall he's young he's got the pedigree but i was happy for him because that's
a good point drew like the wind the highs that had, that's nothing close to anything we had.
And we still were in the minors like, please, God, get me one more game.
And this kid's grinding and grinding and kind of ended up...
There were people who were like, what the fuck?
That was fluke.
What happened?
That guy was awesome.
Two cups.
Now he stinks.
It's like, no, I've been injured and and I haven't been able to feel like myself,
and finally, again, he's back.
So very happy for him.
On the opposite side, Leafs fans,
Biz, there's got to be some worry here
because Austin Matthews has re-aggravated
an injury that he missed time with before.
I believe the Twitter sleuths have figured out
it was a cross-check by Tage Thompson.
Did you see that clip?
No,
I think that he got hit by Tage Thompson and then it was the cross-check
from a defender.
Number eight for the Buffalo Sabres.
People were assuming that it was the big hit in which Morgan Riley
responded to by going to fight Tage Thompson.
Hey,
listen,
that could have aggravated it.
I don't know if word came out,
which one it was,
but it seems like he was like keeled over after taking that rib shot
from the Buffalo defender.
My understanding is this is something that he was coming into the season with,
and then they couldn't nip it in the butt,
and then they shut him down for the time period that they did.
He went over to Germany to talk to a specialist,
which, hey, man, you have the opportunity to do that
go go seek out any professional you want came back looked great and then now this so definitely a
little bit of concern all i care about is whether he's back for probably about 10 15 games before
playoffs i don't think it'll be that long mind you in order to get back in game shape that way
he can be the his thoroughbred self
heading in to the games that matter that's all i care about i'm healthy looking like himself
heading into playoffs i don't care if he scores 50 fucking goals this year i don't care about the
regular season i want am 34 balls to the wall playoff puck puck drop. Let's go. Are your motherfuckers and free up a little cap space?
Maybe at the deadline.
That wouldn't be bad.
That wouldn't be bad either.
If you're a Toronto Maple Leafs fan either, but no.
Oh, Tampa, you think you're the only ones who could play that game?
All picky in the brain out West and Vegas.
I see you motherfuckers.
I see you, Ryan.
I see you stoner.
Hey, biz, I can't ask you because you're
biased and you don't want him to play just for your health of the toronto maple leaves and also
you're canadian but is there a question now where brendan shanahan and brad tree leaving like austin
we can't have you play in the four nations like we're we don't ask any leafs fan for he's american so they don't
want to play anyway and now that he's injured what as good of a player as you are and as a
world-class talent as you are save yourself the time of getting embarrassed by team canada at
the four nations just sit this one out save your energy up for playoffs, the games that matter.
Fuck the four nations.
Canada's a wagon.
Don't embarrass yourself.
That's what I would say personally.
If I was Brub, Shanahan, and Tree,
I would sit him down now and save him from that.
What would you say to him, Shorzy?
Well, it's going to be interesting to see.
And like when those rosters got announced,
I don't think people realize like how much hockey still had to be played before like you know what i mean like i don't know how
many games say there's i mean what is there six weeks seven weeks so you know i mean a lot of
these guys have like i don't know 15 20 games left so i don't think he's going to be the last guy
that either is dealing with a nagging injury or gets re-injured i i just i just want to see the
best compete against the best and i totally totally understand Leafs fans being like,
well, we don't want them in for two different reasons.
To help out our team and to not hurt our country.
We'll see what happens.
But yeah, they did name it pretty early.
I don't know why they needed to have it that early before the tournament.
Why can't January 15th, the announcement of the teams,
I mean, that's a month out, right?
Because they're trying to blue ball everybody.
They're trying to add a little excitement. and then, oh, we're dropping the full
rosters on TNT. Meanwhile, all online, the rosters are out.
They got to dress it up. But then there's a guy like Zach Hyman
who wasn't, I mean, for his own standards, playing that great. And I think since they've announced
the roster, I think he's got eight goals in seven games. You know what I mean? So there's definitely going to be a lot of
guys who either start heating up or slowing
down in the next six weeks.
No doubt. Well, one team who
has heated up, and we have
a member of this team joining us right after
we chat here is the Ottawa Senators.
And Biz, this is kind of on you. You
promised that if they got to three
games over 500, that you would
finally talk about them again while
they're buzzing. They've won six in a row, eight of their last 10.
Linus Allmark, who didn't even play against Vancouver on Saturday night so that they could
save him for the Oilers, which is going on, I think, in two hours on Sunday night tonight.
What has happened in Ottawa, Biz?
How did they finally figure this out?
Is it all goaltending or is it just everything coming together at once i think all mark's numbers speak for themselves and actually before i ended up
sending out a tweet i said i'm not getting emotionally invested to these guys until they
get three games above 500 well now they've exceeded that and all mark was playing like
dog shit when he got over there the first like what 15 20 games
whatever it was and then ever since then he's caught fire uh there was also a big pivotal
moment where travis green stuck up for brady kachuk i think some people were maybe questioning
how much he was fighting and he's like my fucking guy's gonna get emotionally involved shut like
basically shut the fuck up and had his back and i think that that also propelled the team not saying they
haven't had that type of uh uh backup in the past from their coaches but just to hear it out of
travis green's mouth during a difficult time i think really resonated with the group and uh i
don't know man i just i i think that overall this team their numbers even before like from an
analytical perspective the way that they're able to move the puck the power play uh their first two lines and how offensive and they can snap the pillar pill
around the growth of bath batherson uh um stutzel is looked like a world-class player all season
long not saying he hadn't in the past but this is a different level i think we're seeing from him
so everything's just really coming together including including goaltending. And now they,
they are the team that the fans thought that they were.
They're finally becoming that.
And the Viagra triangle in Ottawa,
Buffalo,
and Detroit,
we have finally seen a team rise.
We have seen it with a little bit of blood flow.
You know what I mean,
Drew?
It is fully fucking erect in the nation's capital north of the border.
You believe it is?
I'm a big Travis Green fan.
I mean, I've always liked him.
I just think I've known him for a while off the ice.
Complete stud.
I think that, yeah, he looked at the reporter who basically, I don't know what the question was, but he was like, yeah, I'd way rather like basically reign this guy in than have to like yell at him to get going all the time he's like
what do you want me to do to like he almost made the reporter look like it was the dumbest question
ever which I loved um and I think that yeah I mean it seems like I know that he's a guy that
like players like he can be hard on guys but he's one of those guys that like players don't want to
let down like I'm sure you guys know you have certain coaches who like you want to win with you want to go to battle with and i do think he's one of those coaches so um happy to
see them get going but yeah like you mentioned i'd love for detroit to get going for my boy newsy
they need to pick it up here a little bit oh poor detroit fans jesus christ i actually i'm surprised
that that newsy still you know he's still there a, you know, he's still there. A great guy.
Happy that he's still there.
But yeah, I think fans are kind of starting to wonder what is happening here in Detroit.
It's a confusing time, but I am happy for Ottawa.
I'm happy for Ottawa.
And I'm also happy for Ottawa fans that the NHL and Amazon Prime Video, they they've begun
production.
They've agreed to doing face off inside the nhl for a second season
the league announced and season two will feature brady kachuk which is a guy who once you saw
matthew in it in the way it ended it was just perfect that they had followed him and then they
won the cup but brady is a guy who'll be able to kind of i don't know show you how much it means
to him off the ice and then also show you like how much he cares about ottawa and that organization
and getting them back in the mix as a playoff contender.
So I think I,
I'm going to check out season two,
no doubt.
I mean,
season one was great.
Why wouldn't you look at the second season?
I'm happy that got,
uh,
that got renewed.
And now we could chat with Shane Pinto,
Shane Pinto,
North Dakota.
He played at North Dakota.
He loved North Dakota.
And all of a sudden, he's now back with
the Sens after a little bit of a problem. But we discussed that just for a minute, just for a
minute. And we also get to know him and his personality and how he got to the NHL. So right
now, Shane Pinto. This episode of Spittin' Chickled is brought to you by Body Armor Sports
Drink. As you can tell right now, I just crushed one of these Body Armors, the electrolytes,
the alkaline water, the Body Armor Sport Water, the best water in the world.
I drink them all day long.
They keep delivering them.
I keep drinking them.
They're unbelievable.
They got the wide mouth bottle.
It's easy to drink.
It tastes great.
And it's real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing
artificial.
Body Armor is the official sports drink of the NHL,
and we'll be checking out the Discover NHL Winter Classic
on December 31st in Chicago,
including the Body Armor bus takeover
and hockey activation at the NHL Winter Classic pregame.
Body Armor sports drink has great tasting flavors
like strawberry banana and orange mango,
and my favorite. And my
favorite thing, my favorite thing is just the size of the bottle. It's perfect. It's a little wide.
It's longer, but it's not too wide. It's perfect. It's Body Armor. It's the only water I drink.
I love the flavors they got too with strawberry banana and orange mango. Body Armor is the best.
We're so lucky they're a sponsor get yours today at walmart or a local
grocery store near you body armor boom it's a pleasure now to be joined by ottawa senators
forward american united states of america god shane pinto what's going on pince how you doing God bless America! on yeah boys are feeling good i think uh you know we got a long road trip here i think we're nine games because the world g's in ottawa so start off a big win versus seattle and you gotta keep
it rolling it's uh you gotta win these games because obviously it's uh this league's pretty
tough so you gotta stay stay on it so yeah it's been good so far it's been good are you on twitter
are you seeing all these crazy fucking sense fans messaging us and threatening my life to talk about the Ottawa Senators?
I said I wouldn't talk about you guys anymore
and get emotionally invested until you were three games above 500.
So sure as shit, last night, the minute you guys win that fucking game,
these people are all over me, and we got you on the pod.
So at least I got them a gift.
Yeah, no, I think when I started here in Canadian market, I didn't really, I was on it a good
amount because I was kind of always curious what people were saying.
I think as time has gone on, I realized good or bad.
I don't think it's good to look.
So my mom always keeps me up to date though with what's going on on Twitter.
Okay.
I'll keep you on she she lets me know uh even if it's like bad she just like she's just always cute
would be updating so it's not bad right now buddy they got the fucking jergens out they're giving
you guys the double wristers because you guys are buzzing maybe not all quite as good as all mark
but you guys are fucking buzzing right now yeah no i think um
you know when it's going good it's going good but um you know there's obviously been a couple
tough stretches so it just goes back and forth so that's why you got to kind of stay even keel
about it first uh playoff game i ever played in it was against ottawa they worked us in five games
but like i'll never forget the atmosphere the noise the crowd like and i know you guys want
to get back there but can you sense even some big games you've had as a as a senator like how crazy it could be if you got into the
playoffs and made a little bit of a run yeah i think uh two years ago we were kind in the playoff
race i think when we had uh that was the de brink cat and chicken year i think we were we were like
six points out going into april so we kind of felt it there. And last year was a little bit tougher.
But I mean, these fans are pretty nuts.
I think, you know, all our trainers
and our equipment guys have been with our team for a while.
So they kind of let us know how sick it is once.
Yeah.
Hopefully we do make playoffs.
But yeah, I think any Canadian market,
I think you could tell the fans are super passionate.
But yeah, you could sense a little bit of momentum coming from them.
So it's been awesome.
I know you said you want to stay even keel.
But I mean, there has to be a certain feeling in the locker room right now.
Maybe a little different than in years past.
And obviously mounting pressure for you guys to make playoffs.
Like, what's it like for a guy like Claude Giroux around the locker room?
Local guy. So he's probably wanting to deliver to that fan base too but i mean if it wasn't for
some of the distractions too like whit making up rumors that brady kachuk's gonna get traded that
was g that was g it seems like this group it seems like this group is pretty galvanized don't
interrupt my question whit yeah i think uh it's been a long time coming for us.
I think obviously everyone knows the core we've had here
for a couple of years.
And I think there's always been an excuse of us being young.
And now that we're getting a little bit older
and a little bit more mature, there's less excuses.
And you can just feel it in the room, I think.
You know, we brought in some older guys.
This year, I think Steve Sales did a good job with that.
And yeah, you know, I think we're all doing it for G, too. on us some older guys this year i think steve sales did a good job with that and um yeah you
know i think we're all doing it for for g2 i think he's been um he's battled for us for the last two
years and to get some meaningful games here this early in the year it's it's awesome and he loves
it so it's been good that's awesome reading about you and kind of hearing about you i love seeing
you you played all sports i mean really good football and baseball player.
Apparently, like according to this one article, your grandfather was like, go to baseball.
What are we doing playing hockey in the summer?
But was it important for you and your family that you weren't going to be one of those kids who was all year on the ice all summer and doing other things?
Honestly, I just didn't think we knew any better, which kind of resulted in it being better.
I think parents nowadays are insane with these kids nowadays trying to get their kids to play 24-7.
But yeah, for me personally, I grew up in a town that was super baseball and football focused.
And that's all I kind of knew growing up.
I was just kind of playing hockey for fun.
And yeah, I think that kind of helped me with things on the ice.
But I think it was a hit and blast. And kids nowadays are so i think it's too much i think
it's overkill and to play that other sports growing up it's important to be an athlete
nowadays especially of how skilled these guys are so i think it kind of helped me out were you
somebody that played like pop warner football like seven eight years old tackle football from
from the time you can remember yeah i i started when i was like four years old playing pop warner football like seven eight years old tackle football from from the time you can remember yeah i i started when i was like four years old playing pop warner
um yeah i had like a neck brace my parents made sure i was pretty uh
you were like an 80s linebacker remember those
i gotta try to find a picture of it it was like the big white thing like one of those linebackers were yeah no shit yeah yeah my parents made sure I was protected but um but yeah I think yeah I
started when I was four and then I I played junior high until I was I think 13 and then played JV and
then I broke my collarbone there's Jans you is on broke my collarbone when i was 15 and then that's when
i kind of decided to just play hockey because i got hurt in football and you know thankfully i did
yeah just naturally went i was listening to the empty netters pod you were on and you said yeah
thankfully so um you were kind of focused on all sports because you said if you would have done it
at such young age you probably would have burnt yourself out now where do you think you could have brought this nf or your your football
career like could you have gotten a d1 ride no no i think i i think i had no chance i think uh
i think the better chance would have been baseball i was a pretty good baseball player but football
i had zero chance i mean these guys i mean i'm only like six two these guys are freaks i wouldn't
stand a chance. What were
you doing in baseball? You think you could
have for sure maybe even been drafted to the bigs?
He's put you on the spot here. I love it.
Dude, I don't know. What were your numbers
in high school? The boys are going to hear this interview.
The kids back home are going to be like, buddy,
you weren't that good. You were a scrub.
I was all right. I was playing
10th grade. I made varsity and I was
starting for my varsity team. i was starting third base but i mean third base yeah i don't think i could have
uh it's so tough to tell maybe if i put as much focus as i did for when i was 15 into baseball
as i did hockey maybe but i still don't think there was a chance so it's tough to tell uh the
the same article I was reading,
your sister was just chirping you back in the day, I guess.
You can't play in the NHL, just all over you
and dogging you for stick handling in the house, I guess.
No, yeah, my sister was the better athlete growing up.
She dominated in high school,
was getting all Long Island and softball on track.
So I was kind of like the peasant in the
family um she was the better better athlete she got like a d1 commitment to Fordham in the Bronx
for softball at like 16 see I was kind of the pigeon and uh yeah she always kind of got the
recognition and then yeah obviously my stick hilly in the in the living room got her fed up after a
while but that's what it kind
of took to kind of get better at hockey in the summers and um yeah that's the reason i kind of
did i i heard well uh first off uh good to meet you but uh i i heard i heard you a crazy crazy
competitive and it sounds like from you know what you're talking now comes from that too, but also heard that you do anything to win,
which also includes cheating.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
The golf course, Shane?
I heard this from probably the biggest cheater in sports
I've ever played with, Claude Giroux.
Oh, man.
No, well, so we do this game called Pressure
in the weight room for the Sens. We have like this mini basketball hoop, and it this uh this game called pressure in the in the weight room for for the
sons we have like this mini basketball hoop and it's like this game pressure where guys have to
make a shot you like five points and if the guy makes it before you all right you have to make
that shot or you get minus a point and g's always saying i cheated i'm just trying to win he's the
same way i don't know what he's talking about he's always trying to gain the edge too who's better at that who has more wins you or him i actually have more wins than him he
he he plays it like it's beer pong he like grabs it with one hand and chucks it like this
and i actually have a basketball shot rhythm he just has like a beer pong shot he has a french
canadian like hockey player rhythm he's actually pretty good at basketball. He's a sneaky, nasty athlete.
I hate to gas him up, but
soccer, anything
we play, he finds. Golf, he doesn't have
that. He has a nice golf swing, but
he just competes in
anything he does. I think that's why he's been so
successful.
Who's the biggest clown
in the room? Who's the guy keeping guys
loose? Who's doing the helicopter cock right before warm- right before warm up let's go i think we're talking
to him yeah i mean i'm probably i'm probably one of them i keep i try to keep it pretty light in
the room uh nick cousins the guy who just came oh my god he hates me though because i called him a
because because i called him a diver he sent me He sent me a funny text.
I actually want to get him on the pod to talk about the text he sent me.
You got to talk to him.
You sent him a 2 a.m. text.
Like, basically, I hate your guts.
Like, I'm sending in the Irish Travelers, you fucking piece of shit.
I'm like, ah!
Dude, this guy, he's all time.
I've never met a guy like him.
Like, I'm playing on his line right now.
And just the banter, even during the game,
he's just an all-time individual.
He drives people insane.
Honestly, this year he's been pretty mellow so far.
We haven't really, I mean, he's had a few instances.
He's waiting for playoffs.
You wait, buddy.
No, I'm sure it's going to come.
I could see it.
But when you guys sign him this summer,
not only a bargoon contract, but he's a pest,
but he can play with the puck.
Like in the O zone, he's really slippery and sneaky.
He can make plays.
And he's a gamer.
Like you'll be like halfway through the first
and maybe not much is going on.
And then he's fucking elbowing the goalie in the head
after he stops it.
Like he just, he's one of those guys.
He's a spark plug.
Yeah,
no,
I,
um,
like I didn't know much of him before.
Obviously I saw him,
you know,
win the Stanley cup and stuff,
but him coming in,
I didn't know much of him.
And that way I started playing with that.
I'm like,
this guy is like,
he actually makes a lot of good plays and he's a smart player out there.
Like he has good IQ and I've actually enjoyed playing with him a lot.
He's like,
he's a sneaky,
very good player. In my opinion, so Vegasgas i wanted to ask you about this uh i was actually
to a model in a magazine one time called scottsdale health and i noticed that you did a photo shoot i
think i look a little bit better in mine especially with some of the amazing quotes i had that yans
can talk about but uh what made you do the cover of this?
I mean, you're a bit of a man missile.
And I thought when that Yance hopped on, when his thing was buzzing,
I thought it was your Ryan notifications, but it was actually Yance.
So I just, they reached out to me a few times.
And it was more kind of like, I just felt like it was right to do.
They've been on me for a while and it was a local magazine.
And, um, what's the name of it?
Uh, it's called faces.
Most of the boys have done, I think daily play girl.
I think most of the boys have done it and, and my mom wanted me to do it too.
So I did it for her too.
She wanted your mom runs your show.
Uh, she used to run my show.
I mean, she still kind of takes care of a lot of things for me, but I wouldn't say she So your mom runs your show? She used to run my show.
I mean, she still kind of takes care of a lot of things for me,
but I wouldn't say she runs my show. So if you meet a girl, does she run through the ringer?
No, no.
She has to, like, after a while, like, I'm not going to, like,
if I like a girl, I like a girl, I already have a girlfriend.
Okay.
But she definitely has to approve of her.
But I don't think that's...
Screening process.
Do you think if your girl gets chirped online,
your mom tells her like she tells you
when you get chirped online?
I would hope not.
I would hope not.
Hopefully, she's not that involved.
His mom hired Shea Stevens to look who he's dating up,
like do a little background information. No, no. Yeah, she's not bad involved his mom hired shay stevens to look the who he's dating up like do a little background information no no yeah she's not bad involved she she's pretty chill
she's chill did she put that wallpaper up in the background dude it's bad what are they doing with
this fucking architect he's in calgary i like that oh it's a hotel room yeah thank god i thought
that was this isn't my house it says says live, laugh, love above the bed.
For anyone listening audio only, it's like flowers.
And it looks like, you know those things?
Oh, there's birds on there.
You know those little balls people have in their yard?
No, those are his bedding slips.
There's tape to the wall.
The pinto parlays.
You have no idea how many, like the boys still give it to me for it it's unreal i i could laugh about it now but like when i came back like from the whatever in january when i
started playing again like a couple of boys were tripping me about it and it was a little too soon
but like that was time has gone on it's actually it had to be we're not gonna get into it because
it's obviously like it's a it's a sensitive topic but i'm sure that was a tough thing to go through uh and and get
that phone call and like here there's kind of no fighting it like i know you can't say much about
it but what would you want most people to know about the situation if they're kind of hearing
you for the first time talk about it yeah i think i mean obviously it was it was super tough for me i
think um throughout that whole process um i really couldn't tell much to the boys and that's probably
the worst part about it and i was holding out at the time so that was even worse and the boys
were always asking like what's going on like what's up we need your pics
boys gary's got my hands tied pretty good about it like when it was when it got announced they
were they were super supportive about it but um but yeah at the time it was it was super tough
i tried to not go on any social media because nowadays people just shred you no matter what
um obviously now it's a little bit more lighthearted everything ended up working out
but um but yeah it was definitely a tough it was a tough time but thanks i got through it
have you ever heard the story it's been told multiple times but uh yeah like when ronick was
on the was on the flyers i guess like it's like a tv time out late in the third during a sunday
afternoon game like kind of quiet. He's like, fuck!
They're like, what the hell? And the NFL
scores are just going up.
They never used to do that. The players asked
for it. Come on.
No, I was just fucking with you.
Come on.
Yeah, I was going to say.
That's what you're just as shameful as me.
I love this.
Yeah, that's what we have.
We have the Yahoo Sports app pulled out.
Imagine all that leaked.
The players weren't even using them for the hockey side of it.
They're just watching NFL.
We're watching Red Zone.
We got a game every night, coach.
We're watching Red Zone, checking our fantasy.
How have you liked Travis Green?
I mean, it seems like the boys are clicking under him like
he seems like a beauty players coach yeah yeah he's awesome i think um that's that that's the
main thing he's a players coach i think he keeps it pretty light in the room and he gives it to
everyone i think that's an important thing i think when you come in you want to make sure he holds
everyone uh accountable no matter who you are and i think he's done a great job of that he's got all
the boys going and and a staff as well yozy bomber uh sexy pd we have all these guys we have a good
staff so it's uh we've loved them so far so it's been super good would you like being an american
kid i saw you play two different years in the ushl was would you ever like talk to by the national
development program or were you kind of a later bloomer like how did that go about no he's throwing he's throwing no hitters
yeah yeah no i was um i was a negative a player honestly growing up like i never got invited to
like those uh you know those state camps you have to make to make like Natty camp. I never got invited to those.
Really? Never.
Never. Yeah, never once.
So I never made national. Well, Yance was
Robin Banks. You were
a problem child, though, Yance.
It wasn't your hockey. You were nasty.
At least I wasn't betting.
Oh, God.
All right.
No, but yeah, I was.
If Gary calls, just forward it to me.
I'll talk to him.
We're boys now.
But yeah, I was a bit of a late bloomer.
I played a year in the USHL because I played 18U hockey.
Got drafted like in the 21st round of the USHL in like phase two.
So I was kind of a write off.
Then played 18u
and then yeah i just went to lincoln for one year for half a year we weren't making playoffs we were
like dead last and no deck asked me to come in the next year so they just figured they would treat me
went to crane nebraska that beautiful area and played a half a year there so that was kind of
a roller so you popped off that year though because you're a high pick like i mean like did you did something just click yeah i just i i i was playing super
good in lincoln i was scoring a bunch somehow and then um had a good playoff run versus lincoln i
didn't think or with uh tri-city i didn't think i was going that high to be honest i thought i was
gonna be like a third or fourth rounder and i had a terrible combine interview with auto i i i didn't
think there was any chance I would get drafted by them
because I was a mess.
It was like my first interview.
Did you go in like Rob Gronkowski and just say,
I'll fuck Adam.
Did you see that clip we had?
Draw your own place.
No, I was just super nervous.
I think anyone who goes to the combine,
you're like a 17-year-old kid,
and you're talking to these NHL execs,
and I'm like, yeah, I didn't know what was going on so I
was super nervous and I remember just like
like mumbling and just
spitting out words I didn't even know what I was saying so I
didn't think I was gonna get picked by them
and then I ended up getting picked by them
in that first pick of the second round so it was kind of
it was pretty cool do you remember any of them being
hardos and asking you weird questions
like we've had Terry Ryan on
who told a Mike milbury uh like
draft combine the combine like interview story i couldn't believe it my jaw dropped no there's some
there's some weird ones i think i don't know if it was montreal it was one of the original six
teams it was one of the big boys and like they were the way they set up the room it was just
like it was you sitting in one chair. It wasn't like a round table.
They were just like all like seven of them, like their big dogs right in front of you.
And they were just asking, just like grilling you.
And I don't know.
It's just a super nerve wracking experience to be honest.
But I remember Montrell asking some weird questions about like what kind of animal you are.
I think you've probably heard of all these.
So yeah, it was a stressful experience.
But now looking back on it, it's really,
I don't think they take it into account.
What would you answer if they asked you what type of animal you are?
Flamingo.
A sick greyhound?
What did he say?
Flamingo.
He said a flamingo.
He said a sick greyhound. Did you not block shots? Did you he say? Flamingo? He said a flamingo. Hey, Pink Whitney, did you not block shots?
Did you not block shots in your day?
Or were you just not blocked?
He was worse than me.
To get out of the way of them.
Like Keith Yandel was Craig Ludwig over here.
But no, Will Compton, Busting with the Boys guy, our buddy at Barstool, we were playing
golf with him.
He's like, dude, you look like...
No, he said, you chirp a lot for somebody that looks like a sick greyhound all ribs and cock yeah ribs and cock no but uh yeah
i don't even know what i answered to that question but yeah it's just like uh you're a young kid and
you're just trying to like act super professional like trying to act like you all gotta figure it
out but you know you're just trying to do your best how unreal was north dakota though like oh yeah i was gonna ask
a question yeah sorry buddy i was just wondering because we were on the ushl like with these new
rules that the kids can go to major junior and then to college you think that's gonna hurt the
ushl at all i i mean yeah i i would think so i think i mean you see
those uh major junior teams they invest into their into their teams pretty uh a lot and it's obviously
i think it's going to ruin it a little bit but um i think it needed to happen i think it was
i think it's stupid that you can't you weren't able to play major junior and then go to college
i think that's ridiculous and i think college hockey now is unreal. Obviously,
you're seeing all these kids get drafted high.
I think it was definitely necessary,
but I think it will hurt the USHL a little bit.
Definitely.
What about NODAC?
She did the Chicklets University there.
It's kind of like, holy shit, you've heard a lot
about it. Where else were you getting recruited?
They got hyperbaric chambers
in there. They got fucking
rubbing tugs. They got everything there.
Yeah, rubbing tugs.
I mean the massage room.
The massage room.
Yeah, yeah.
But yeah, I think
NODAC, man. I think NODAC for me. I was going to
go to either UMass, Amherst,
Penn State, or
NODAC. I was really thinking about UMass because it was close to go to either UMass, Amherst, Penn State, or NODAC.
I was really thinking about UMass because it was close to home,
and the coaching staff there was pretty awesome.
Carvel was a super genuine dude.
But I went to NODAC for my visit on Thanksgiving break,
and all the kids, all the students were gone, and I went to a game.
And it was still sold out.
It was just a belligerent experience.
Usually it's empty that break too with those games. Yeah, that's what I mean. I thought it would be not that packed, but it was it was just a belligerent experience like usually it's empty that break too with those games yeah that's what i mean i thought it would be like not that packed but it
was so loud in there and then obviously the facilities and i remember going into my like i
was talking to bubs bradbury dane jackson they brought me into like their meeting room and like
they brought zach parisi in there to talk to me he was in there at the time so they they bring out
they were all at the red carpet and but yeah i
think i mean that was probably the two best years of my life of how fun it was just all hockey i
mean the schooling is good but like when you go there for for hockey i think there's obviously
that that's the reason you go there for so um but yeah just the facilities the the atmosphere
i mean that that's all they kind of had there was hockey.
So that was probably the best two years of my life.
Did you guys make a run in the NCAA?
Is it one of those years?
First year, we COVID.
We probably had the most.
I think that was our best chance.
And then our second year, there was the bubble of the,
we had the NCHC bubble.
And then we played Minnesota Duluth.
Michigan was in our bracket.
They got COVID, so they got kicked out of the tournament.
I remember that.
Yeah, so Duluth had a bye.
We had to play AIC.
We beat them, and then we had to play Duluth the next day.
We went into a five-overtime game.
Oh, yeah, it was your last college game, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was like a quintuple overtime.
It was insane. and yeah it was it was it was crazy what we were doing in the lock how
much did you play did you play like 93 minutes or something no no i think me sanderson uh kirstead
and another guy played like over 55 oh okay. Only off by 40.
I don't think 90 is possible.
But yeah, we lost on like,
so they scored in the second overtime.
They called it back because of offsides.
We thought we lost.
They called it offsides after review.
Went another three overtimes,
and the guy just came down and shot up between the guys trying.
It just went five hole.
It was pretty devastating. But we definitely had, we had won five hole. It was pretty, it was pretty devastating,
but we definitely had,
we had a sick team.
We had Sandy,
me,
G,
Jacob,
Bernard Docker.
Our first time was like grand mismatch.
Jasper Weatherby played for Nashville for a bit.
We had a car.
We had a lot of good players.
Clevin,
who's with us now.
It was,
we had a pretty good squad.
So sick.
Was it that,
that, that a year after you got picked, like Sanderson gets picked real high by ottawa you guys are were you already
buddies at that time or he not coming to school yet so he came so that draft was like later that
year because of coven so he was at school with us in the summer so i got to know him we became good
buddies then we actually got covet together so we quarantined for
like two weeks together i actually texted one of the development guys in onwell i'm like guys like
i know he was like around the five or ten range for for getting drafted i'm like guys this kid
is so dialed in like this kid's a legit player he cares about the game like it'd be stupid to
pass up on this kid like he wow you had even played for him too
i don't think it had it carried any weight but they ended up picking him five that we got timmy
stew at three him at five and ridley greg at like 27 patch he's like i actually already put in a bet
that he's going fifth overall so can you guys take them you're brutal
you're brutal
that's the last one
it's the fourth one
it's over
clean it up we're done here
he's sick though he is nasty
I thought prior to four nations
he might make the team I kind of understand
but I think he'll be on the Olympic team next year
yeah yeah in two years, like this guy,
he's so sound
just all around, like the way he
carries himself.
I mean, his offensive game still lies in, like,
I think he'll continue to build on that, but his
defensive game is so dialed in for a
22-year-old. It's like the win. Is his left ear
as big as Witt's in person?
It's
enormous. I think his other one looks normal, but his left one is enormous.
That's me.
Look, this one sticks out way more.
No, we have a lot of feelings here for your abnormalities.
For big-eared people or one big-eared person.
No, it's like one big-eared.
I'll bet you any amount it's not bigger than Witts.
It's like playing with a weight vest.
I thought i saw
something like a couple years ago they were chirping wit when sandy got picked or something
about the big years he had a picture like where we like we don't look alike but he had a picture
where we did look alike and i was like my guy american except for he can skate and pass well
i could pass and shoot and like oh yeah i mean ears are, I mean, it's just what,
you can't control that stuff.
So I mean.
Exactly.
He's a stud.
He's a stud.
He's a stud.
So that's all I can say.
I want to hear about this list that you made
when you were 15.
You wrote down 10 things about what you needed to do
in order to make the NHL.
What made you write this list?
And can you, like, do you remember all of them
off the top of your head
yeah so i was i was a bit of a i i said in the empty netters pod like i i had no life from like
15 to 17 to 18 years old like in the summers like i wouldn't even hang out with my friends like all
i worried about was just kind of getting better at hockey it was kind of embarrassing but now i
look back on it i don't think i'm here if I didn't do it.
You know,
you got to sacrifice some things at a young age if you want to make it to
this level.
So,
but yeah,
those 10 things,
I wrote it down.
Like I think that summer going into my 15 year old year.
And I was just like,
I think first one was like stick handle for like an hour a day.
Um,
shoot like a hundred pucks,
work out every day,
work on balance,
work on skating.
And then I had a little goal on the side that said,
and then one day playing the NHL
and playing the same line as Sid the Kid.
Obviously, that hasn't happened yet,
but that was my dream.
And I always believed in bringing things down.
So you became obsessed though? Oh, obsessed. Like I said, every day I woke believed in writing things down. You became obsessed though.
Like I said,
every day I woke up in the summer, that was my goal.
It was just to work at it.
But yeah, for those three years, I just
kept on just... Were you not boozing?
Were you a legit rocket nerd?
Yeah, no. I was
a rocket nerd for that.
When you're 15, 16, that's when
all the boys start to get into that stuff you know that's just i just try to stay away from that
and i was just a hockey nerd and the boy you know my buddies back home would give it to me all the
time at that age like where are you like what are you doing like i would get made fun of a lot but
um thankfully it all worked out for me so so you're grinding from 15 to 17. You're like, I'm going to knock,
hang out with my buddies. I just got to, you know, get a scholarship to college and then I can have
my fun and then boom, COVID hits. So you can't even have any fun in college either.
So my freshman year, we, we, we found a way it was before COVID my freshman year. So my freshman
year, it was pretty, uh, I mean, when you're a freshman in college,
I think you just kind of go off the rails a little bit,
especially with all the stuff you have to do
for like the juniors and seniors.
Like they make you do a bunch of stuff
like rookie party and all that stuff.
So I was off the rails a little bit my first half
and then COVID obviously happened.
And then that next year,
we could have like a gathering of 20
people for for when we went out or whatever like our bars downtown were closed like Joe Black's was
closed so it was definitely a different experience um I didn't get the fall college experience
honestly it kind of sucks but I heard you saved it up after that for uh the night of your draft
of the Roxy I I i was in van yeah i
was living there and i even caught wind of your your night at the roxy what what actually i did
see matt i saw matt barzell there that night um so you were the second best looking guy in the
in the bar i got i got no uh nothing happened for me that night so that's not that now yeah he had a bunch of he had a bunch
of uh girls around him and uh that was come on did he actually oh yeah are you surprised look at
him no but i mean like what do you have like two on each arm no it was like you know the downstairs
i think right there's a downstairs to the rocks in the back it's the back room i don't think that
that i don't think i went to the roxy that night i don't know there was some downstairs and he was just at the bar and there was just like a million girls
around them i mean this is the national one this is not but yeah it was just me and my eight buddies
we were just like we were loving it so it was it was a fun day talking about ottawa a little bit
more kind of looking through the roster here we We've been raving about Stutzel
since he came in the league.
And like you watch him,
it's kind of crazy
he doesn't get talked about.
I think the better you guys do,
you're going to start hearing
about him more and more.
But it must be sick in practice
seeing this guy.
Yeah, I mean,
I think the most impressive thing
is just his confidence.
Really?
Yeah, it's insane.
Like even just on the ice,
he just knows he's like,
he's so unbelievably talented.
Like, even off the ice,
like athletically,
when we play soccer,
he played soccer growing up.
I think he was like 15.
He was getting offers
to play in Germany.
Again, like Bayern Munich.
Oh, like the academies and stuff.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He was a legit soccer player.
So I think that translated to the ice.
He's so gifted. It's insane. And obviously when he's on the ice i mean he's only
22 still and so that's where the diving comes from that background no no one of our guys nor
uh josh norris just got he he got uh fine for embellishment or or diving and we were like how
did he get a penalty for it in the game? Yeah. Oh,
okay. And we were like, how does nine? How does
Niner get it? And Timmy has a guy
you guys give it to
him a little bit. If I was that good, I'd be
fucking diving all over the place.
It just looked like you were diving when you
fell a stripe. Do your job. Give
me a power play. Yeah. No
his he's so gifted. I mean
his skating. I mean, there's just i mean you guys people
start watching you more and more he put a 90 points as a 20 year old um and no one really
talked about it which is just yeah crazy to me like that's no one understands how hard that is
to do and then yeah this year's obviously i'm in a sick year and i think he's gonna hit 100 points
in my opinion just the way he's playing so um just a gifted player, and it's pretty fun to watch every day.
What's Batherson like?
He's pretty much like guarantee point of game.
Yeah, he's  no one talks about him either.
I think he makes like 5 million, and he's a point per game.
I think he had like 70 last year.
But this guy, I went out to train with him this summer, actually,
in Halifax for a few weeks.
He's so gifted. I mean. He's so smart out there.
He's butter.
He's a big boy, too.
He's like 6'3".
He flies righty, so it's pretty hard to find.
He just rips the pill.
There's a lot of guys on our team that don't get talked about enough,
to be honest.
Is he training out there with Crosby and McKinnon and Marshawn?
Is he doing the ice sessions?
Is that why you went?
Yeah, yeah.
He's been training with them for a while now.
I think the past seven years he's been with them.
No shit.
He works out with Nate all the time.
We actually worked out with Nate at his house one...
No, you didn't get dragged over to Crosby's?
No, we didn't go to Crosby's.
We went to Nate's for a workout.
It was like a sauna in there.
He jacks up the tab and we just sweat it out.
It was a pretty sick experience for me in the sauna.
It didn't feel real, to be honest with you.
Was he barking at you when he was training?
How fucking hard does he go?
I heard he's a maniac.
Did you do the pool stuff?
We didn't do the pool stuff uh we didn't show anyone that
no no he he just started that officially but uh but yeah he he was just he's built like a
brick ship house and he's crazy yeah he trains like an animal and um it was just really cool
to see to be honest but um but yeah to get that invite to work out of his place i just i it was
so surreal honestly but he's actually a down-to-earth dude like i know everyone thinks he's crazy but
he's like he's a beauty he's a he's a regular dude oh he didn't snap your neck for eating a snickers
no he's feeding him stickers because he's not on the avalanche
oh yeah yeah no he he was he was he was pretty calm when i was there so it was awesome
how about jeru getting his car stolen i was gonna ask you about that's fucked up
yeah that's not i mean i don't know i mean a lot of people are even in the nfl like the people
breaking into a guy's house now it's like what's i don't know what's going on there either but yeah
he got his range stolen um i don't know how they don't are you talking about the burrow situation
when he got blown up more than just
yeah yeah yeah he was pissed
how many ladies you think he's got on the go that guy
yeah but imagine
like they see a sports illustrated
swimsuit model in there could have been way worse
yeah like that's actually it's
a pretty good look for him now yeah
tall yeah until the other six imagine if it
was just a troll and everyone's like what the
hell yeah they said they said she was employed for him whatever that means but I don't know Oh, yeah, until the other six find out. Imagine if it was just a troll and everyone's like, what the hell? It's Joe Burrow.
Yeah, they said she was employed for him,
whatever that means, but I don't know.
Oh, God.
But, yeah, that was kind of fucked up.
He was pretty distraught for the two days.
G keeps it pretty close to the chest.
He doesn't like to react to too many things.
He keeps it pretty quiet,
but he was not pleased with that situation.
Weren't you giving it to him?
Like, weren't you kind of
chirping him about it?
No, I never.
I give it to G here and there
because we're pretty good buddies.
But at that point,
it's like,
I don't want to chirp him about that.
That's a tough situation,
but he'll be fine.
G used to say
he was the king of Ottawa.
When I played with him in Philly,
he was like,
I'm the king of Ottawa.
And then he gets his car stolen. If you're the king of Ottawa. When I played with him in Philly, he was like, I'm the king of Ottawa. And then he gets his car stolen.
If you're the king of somewhere, they ain't stealing your car.
Well, yeah, he said that, and then he mooned the city,
and then he got arrested too.
He's been having a tough go there.
When did he do that?
That was old school.
That was old school G.
Yeah, I've heard some stories about old school G.
He was pretty.
Oh, never mind.
He didn't move.
Something happened with a
cop or something do you guys remember when he left in about uh in the cuffs no i just remember when
he brought you to the awards and it's like what the hell is this guy i saw that youtube video
i remember that interview yeah that was that was one of the my greatest quotes ever donkey
all donkey biz oh wait show hl guy were. You were playing that, no, no?
Yeah, yeah.
He was on the team.
You were on the Flyers?
No, no, no.
I was on the Coyotes, and I think it was like a make-a-wish thing,
and he said, all right, I'll let Biz come along.
No, he told me when he was younger, like it is like 20 to like, like 28 year old
years.
He was, he had a good time.
So he had a blast.
He had a blast.
He's, he's, he's a, he's a father and a, and a husband now.
And he's, he's the man father, great father, great husband now.
So where's the team trip for the, for the break?
So a lot of the, obviously the guys with wives and stuff will, will go with their wives.
But me, me, Josh Norris, uh, a couple of the single or I'm not single, but like without wives and stuff.
We're trying to figure out a golf trip somewhere, right?
That's why you give me that look.
Well, I'm giving you that look because I just get this.
Have you seen this?
Have you seen this TikTok?
Is that your girl?
No, that's not my girl.
She's not going to be pleased.
Like a lot like deleted.
What?
That really, really.
What do you mean?
It's not a game.
Just to see you.
G sends me this Nikita bricks TikTok.
And it's an absolute missile launcher saying, I feel like you're just here for shane pinto at the auto centers game and
the girl holds up a sign saying i don't know much about hockey but i'm here for shane pinto
and both these girls i would marry tomorrow and i'd let them wear a pinto jersey to the wedding
like they're absolute rocket launchers oh my god so dude it's good yeah i don't know uh
i can't really yeah i mean it's just what it is what can you do you know it's just part of it no I know I mean it's
it is part of the game
poor guy was born and really good looking
shucks Shane
can't do anything about it
so where are you guys going golfing
well we're going to be playing in Florida
right before the break so I think we're going to try to find
somewhere
we may go to that citrus place because we went last year
and it wasn't ready yet right yeah but we played like when it wasn't ready so we might go there try to find somewhere. We may go to that Citrus place because we went last year.
And it wasn't ready yet, right?
Yeah, but we played when it wasn't ready.
So we might go there.
We're just trying to find a spot right now.
Are you in Tampa or playing the Panthers?
We play Tampa on a weird leg.
We play them Monday, Wednesday in Tampa,
and then we play Florida on Thursday.
The Grove.
I'll take you up to the Grove. I played the Grove.
I played the Grove with...
G took us out there two years ago.
And Jordan was actually out there with Ken Griffey,
so that was a cool experience still.
That's unreal.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, that's a sick track.
But the carts, man, fly.
You guys probably played it, obviously.
I haven't.
Jens put me on the no-fly list there.
I can't go.
It's not that uptight of a spot, though, is it?
No, not at all.
You said I didn't make enough in career earnings.
Yeah.
I haven't either.
Don't worry.
Oh, because Biz would be asking every athlete out there
for an interview at one point.
No.
Yeah, I'm telling you, that was...
MJ for two bucks a hole.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's crazy's crazy wait he just wrote in the chat a producer
g wrote in the chat that you had to quarantine with colin white the the rink the rat rink
uh i actually live with him my uh my rookie year um we uh we actually both i had shoulder surgery
my rookie year and he actually had shoulder surgery that year as well so we were with each other 24 7 for like for that whole year and we became good buds
but what uh what a beauty that guy is man um yeah i have so many stories about white like what i
don't even i mean you guys all know whitey he's just he's just a down-to-earth, just goofy, good dude. And we just had a ball there.
But yeah, just the matches we had in ping pong,
little basketball with our one hand.
It's good that we have each other during that time
because when you're injured, you guys know it's tough
when you're away from the team.
But yeah, it was good to have him throughout that time for me.
Has Kachuk said anything about Witt's rumors about him getting traded to you?
They ain't my rumors, Shane.
I don't know what he's doing right now.
Wasn't it Larry Brooks?
I'm the guy who's saying if you trade him, you're the dumbest hockey mind in the game.
Yeah, I mean, that's just bullet dream.
The fact that that's even like he's our captain.
Why would that even be brought up?
But I mean, obviously, we all know what's going on.
I know we try to say, like, we don't know what's going on in the media and stuff,
but we look here and there, so.
And you hear everything.
Yeah, we hear everything.
So, I mean, we try not to look too.
I mean, that's a shit accusation to make, though,
especially when we're in the, like, we're trying to focus on games.
And, obviously, they're struggling a little bit right now, the Rangers.
But, yeah, that'll never happen.
Can you tell them I'm shutting it down every time
and I'm trying to talk these guys off the ledge
from even mentioning it on the pod?
I think this took an edible and it's just hitting now.
This guy is insane.
Whit went on a 10-minute rant of how you guys should never ever even think about
trading just like i don't even know how that gets like fabricated though like how does that
get brought on ask well you can you can just write anything on twitter and then press send
or post that's a bad thing about social media people just say random shit and like they try
to gain traction it's just like for example granelli's saying he was drunk on the jersey shore and just tweeted it out so it's like
that's how things get out there there you go rumor boys yeah but yeah i don't think they're uh
trading break you could chug anytime sitting here um have you spent any good quality time with ann
lauer and uh have you noticed a big difference in just the way things operate since his takeover?
Yeah, yeah.
Him and Steyos, I think they just...
Because my first two years, we had the Melnick and Dorian era.
I never want to talk bad about people,
but we didn't really realize what was kind of going on
and kind of how an NHL team was kind of supposed to be ran,
in a sense.
Like, I don't want to chirp them, but like, Oh, you did.
I know.
Rest in peace.
They're like, he obviously we're thankful for him,
but like just the way Al hour and sales have came in and the way they've
implemented things, like they provide us with a good foundation.
And they're just, they're investing in the players.
Like we just got a new gym.
They just do it.
They're doing a much better job.
And we definitely feel the support from them.
And we're definitely thankful for it.
So it's definitely a different feeling from what we've had in years in the past.
But I don't want to chirp anyone.
I hate, I don't want to say anything.
So you were going from like no DAC to like, oh, fuck, I'm in the coast.
Yeah.
Holy shit. Can I go back?
Take my money.
I think, I mean, NoDAC is better than
a lot of NHL teams
facilities.
Yeah, I was just happy to be playing in the NHL.
Let's make a list. Let's make another
list.
I think they're better than...
Yeah, no, I'm not going to make a list. I don't want to know.
Hey, we got to chirp you for something.
Apparently, you are a diehard Jets fan.
I mean, this is pathetic.
And you get all poopy pants when they lose,
and they always lose.
What has happened with your squad?
They're going to the CFL, I heard.
No, I think that's the one team
that could genuinely like ruin my like i'm starting to understand now when people get their mood
ruined from our performances because like i i i'm sitting on the couch and i'm just ripping the jets
and like you know our defense or whatever and now i i get the fans they're shredding us when we're
playing that it's totally understandable because when i watch i sit down for three hours of my time and our defense or whatever. Now I get the fans. They're shredding us when we're playing bad.
It's totally understandable.
Because when I watch, I sit down for three hours of my time
and I just watch just shit.
It's horrible.
It's just like...
Year after year after year.
Year after year.
This year, we started out pretty good.
And just the way they just...
I don't know.
They're just so sloppy.
And we have so many talented players like Garrett Wilson, Brees Hall,
and it's just gone to shit.
We got Devontae, it means nothing.
So two years ago, when all the expectations of that Rogers first game
and he tore his Achilles, you must have been inconsolable.
Yeah, that's when I was going through my shit too.
Oh, jeez.
That was a tough year.
That was a tough year. That was a tough time.
But I remember them winning that game on 9-11.
They found a way to win on like a punt return.
And I knew the season was over because Zach Wilson was coming in
and he just wasn't.
And I knew our defense was good, but our offense sucked.
Yeah, I mean, what can you do?
I think next year hopefully we'll be better, but we'll probably bring offense sucked. But, yeah, I mean, what can you do? I think next year hopefully will be better,
but we'll probably bring back Rodgers for one more, I think.
But who knows?
And that was the year they had the hard knocks too, right?
So everyone, even like a casual fan.
Yeah, like everyone gets horny.
When you're on hard knocks, you know, you got a, you know,
everyone thinks they're going to be better.
And I thought so too.
I fell for it and
obviously it's just been shit ever since but what can you do it is what it is did you go to games
growing up and stuff no my dad was a giant fan growing up um wow yeah i kind of went everything
opposite of him he was a giant fan i was a jet fan matt said i'm a philly fan uh ranger fan um i was
a penguin fan.
All because of Sid?
All because of Sid, yeah.
I was just a big Sid guy.
So yeah, everything I kind of went against.
I don't know why I did that.
But yeah, I never really went.
I don't like going to football games live, honestly.
No, they're brutal.
I hit the TV sport.
Have you, playing against Pittsburgh,
have you asked a trainer to get a stick from Crosby or anything?
Yeah, I got my first year, my rookie year, I got him and Bergeron.
Those are my two guys I look up to the most.
So I got those two guys' stick hanging up, sign and stuff like that.
And then I got to train with Sid this summer, and now he's got my number.
He texted me the other day after the game and stuff.
Did he? He texted me the other day too.
I thought you were going to say he blocked you.
He's just like, even when I went out to Halifax,
I was super nervous because he's my role model growing up.
And when I first met him, he was just such a down-to-earth,
welcoming guy.
And just the way he goes about things,
he makes sure everyone's included.
But now, yeah, he texted me after the game because he laid me out
and he didn't
he said sorry about it so it's pretty cool he's a good texted you sorry about laying you out
he's like sorry dude jeez tummy sticks tummy sticks texting going on eating eating ice cream
with the enemy a coach it's just because him and bath are good buddies and i went out to train with
them so this summer so it's pretty cool i mean i think ottawa centers fans are going to be thrilled
we got you on this has been awesome i've had a blast um the only other
thing i had written down was just your world junior experience i think you led led the team usa
and scoring with four goals seven points so i don't know how you guys fared in the tournament
uh we actually didn't do well at all i think we lost to finland like one nothing in the quarters
one of those trap games that they got us with um but yeah that was probably my coming out party i think no one really
um because when i got drafted people were shredding me like why they picked this guy
in the second round like because there were other guys like here look look so that's what i was on
twitter those days i was looking up things um. But yeah, I think that kind of was
my coming out party that I could
actually be an okay player, hopefully
one day for the Sens.
It was a super good tournament, but we lost.
I think Zegers that year, too, tore it up
for us. We had a pretty good team.
We had Caulfield, Zee, Robertson,
Keandre Miller,
Spencer Knight was our goalie,
Bobby Brink, all those those guys so we had a good
team it's just we got into a one nothing game with phil and they just shut it down so that's
what they do yeah they're gonna be dangerous in this four nations thing yeah their forwards are
joke no yeah it's crazy and their goal is sorrows is legit so i don't know i don't know who's gonna
win that thing i think obviously. has an advantage in gold,
but I mean, it's one and done, so who knows?
That's going to be fun to watch, though.
Are the boys still playing like credit card game
or like birds in the bush for dinner?
Or is that like, is that done?
Is that older?
No, no, no.
The boys still play credit card game,
except if you're on entry level.
They don't let you put the card in when you're on entry level. But yeah, other than that credit card game um except if you're on entry level they don't let you they don't let you uh put the card in when you're on entry level but yeah other than that credit card game i think
that's i mean you have to do it when you go out to these dinners like we're going to the
we're spending a good amount of money so yeah you can't split bills either i mean that's just
embarrassing if you do that you know i shift so no but yeah it's still it's still around the
credit card game.
Shane Pinto, buddy, this has been a blast.
I really appreciate you coming on.
And I'm glad to see the team doing well, dude.
I think that Ottawa getting back in the mix is a good thing for the league.
I really do.
And it seems like you guys have a really close group of guys. So congrats on all your success, getting through all that shit you had to deal with.
And we appreciate you coming on, having a great sense of humor.
Awesome. And last thing, what would you
say to those Lunatics fans on
Twitter if you could say something to them right
now? All of Sens Nations,
all the
jock sniffers, what would you say to them right now?
What would I say to them?
I just want to, like, it's a long year.
I think there's 82 games in a
season, so there's going to be ups and downs.
We're in our, a little bit of an up right now, but you know, hope, you know,
hopefully there's not too many downs, but if there is just be patient and it'll
be okay.
We're a good team and it'll eventually it all, it all evens out.
So we'll, we'll be okay.
So don't get too, don't get too worried about it.
But like I said, I understand where they're coming from.
Cause I was on Twitter too, shredding my jets and I was being a crazy fan too. So I get it. So it. But like I said, I understand where they're coming from because I was on Twitter too shredding my Jets
and I was being a crazy fan too.
So I get it. You hear that Sens Nation?
It all evens out in the wash.
Shane Pinto, the Pinto Parlay. Thank you very
much.
That was great.
Guys, it's
time to talk about game time. Before we
continue this podcast, I want to talk to you about game time.
Our wonderful sponsors that make it so simple and so easy to get tickets to anything you want to see.
Shows, sports events, concerts.
It does not matter.
Game time is focused on togetherness this holiday season.
When you bring people together at live events, the experience is that much better.
And it's the perfect gift.
You know how much we love Game Time.
Now with their brand new Game Time Picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game.
Game Time Picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats so you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets.
I was looking at tickets for the Winter Classic. We will be out there in Chicago December 31st,
and I saw an amazing Game Time Picks deal for great seats under 200.
We are so lucky we'll be at that game.
It's because of Game Time.
So just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT Picks setting
at the top of the screen or browse the best local Game Time Pick deals
near you on your GameTime app homepage.
What are you waiting for?
I'm going to buy those Winter Classic tickets in Chicago right now with GameTime picks.
So take the guesswork out of buying tickets with GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, create an account, and use code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E- CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Download the GameTime app today.
What time is it?
Game time.
Thank you very much to Shane Pinto.
Awesome guy.
Ottawa's buzzing.
Let's see if it can continue and they can finally, finally get back into the playoffs.
Some quick hits around the league.
You mind if I chime in here?
I'm taking a lot of shrapnel from all these Ottawa fans,
basically insinuating that I was involved in the Brady Kachuk rumors.
I want to say that.
You're blaming me, buddy.
You've been blaming me.
I never blamed you one time.
The interview we just listened to, you blamed me four times.
That was not me.
Are you conked?
Are you conked still?
Who started the Brady Kachuk rumor?
Grinnelli.
Answer.
Get on here, Grinnelli.
What the fuck is this?
I'm not taking your shrapnel.
No.
No.
I get all the shrapnel as well, though.
They're in my DMs every time they win, every time he scores, telling me to fuck myself.
So I'm okay with it.
Come at me.
Don't come at me.
And you're taking full responsibility
on behalf of the podcast, correct?
Full responsibility.
I've even spoken with Brady about it.
So I've been...
He's addressed me.
Everyone's addressed me.
What did he say?
Senator's fans come for me.
What did he say to you?
You're a fucking idiot, basically.
Okay.
It was pretty brief.
I'll leave the conversation between us, too.
But basically, yeah, it's just like...
You got pee-pee whacked by Brady Kachuk?
Well, it was also at the time...
The Kachuk family loves pee-pee whacking this podcast.
Oh, yeah.
It was also at the time R.A. was getting pee-pee whacked
from basically everyone in the world
right down by the ice at the Stanley Cup Finals.
So it was easy.
Okay, so on behalf of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, we want to issue an apology world right down by the ice at the Stanley Cup final. So it was easy. Okay.
So on behalf of the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, we want to issue an apology to not only the Ottawa Senators,
go Sens go, but to the Kachuk family.
We're waving our white flag.
We surrender.
And congratulations.
I do not surrender one bit.
I stand by my rumor.
I still think Brady Kachuk is playing in the tri-state area by
I'd say 2027.
Brady Kachuk's either a ranger. I think at one point
you said by 2025, though.
Like, I think... So let's be in the
middle. 2026.
2026. By the time I get
married in 2026, Brady Kachuk
will be on a tri-state team.
Yeah. Well, I don't see it.
You're speaking for yourself and not the spit and
chicklets podcast.
Ottawa centers fans.
We love you.
The Pinto parlay,
the gift that keeps on giving what an infectious laugh.
Enjoy that over the holiday season.
You deserve it.
And I love you.
You're still the second best team in Ontario though.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
All right.
So there's an NHL holiday roster freeze right now
in effect till December 27th. People have kind of asked why before. It's just nice to not panic
that you're going to be traded when you're sitting down for Christmas dinner or Christmas Eve.
Couple glasses of wine. It's like I don't want to get the phone call then that I got shipped to
Edmonton. Although when I got shipped to Edmonton, it was bad news. Now, if you got shipped to
Edmonton, you're going to win a Stanley Cup. I shouldn't use them that's a kind of a ricochet shot at the
beautiful city of Edmonton that I know and love um basically it would be like I got traded to
Buffalo on Christmas morning Merry Christmas buddy uh that will not happen so that the trade
freeze is in effect um Jeff Marrick said on his new show, The Sheet, that in 2019 there was almost a Leon Dreisaitl
for Nikita Kucherov trade.
But he also said that Line A would buy TVs on the road
everywhere he went, and that only happened one time.
So there was a little bit of fake news coming out of Jeff Merrick.
Now, I'm not throwing a shot.
I would love to get him on to clear the air. But you believe that do you believe that that was actually a trade that was
going to go down uh I mean I I believe him I also believe that if you if if that trade had gone down
like it might be the most fair trade ever like they're both I mean obviously lightning fan or
snapping that leon
doesn't have a stanley cop and that he's never had as many points as kucherov has had in his best
season but they are pretty as as similar across the board players like both scores both amazing
passers it's like i don't think like i couldn't really decide who would win or lose that trade
right now are you somebody chores you say
no kucherov all day or leon all day i think you gotta go kooch based on salary yeah it's tough
because it's like i feel like leon i would probably rather i don't know it's hard to say i was gonna
say like leon be a he's bigger stronger and like the same but like kucherov has so many cups so
many points like it's very tough to like Kucherov's resume is technically better.
You know what I mean?
But I don't know.
Also, like, yeah, like you said, now based on their cap hit, I mean, that's a different story as well.
Man, it would have been incredible, though.
Imagine Kucherov and McDavid.
But then at the same time, it's like, but Leon and McDavid are so deadly together.
So that's one of the most evenly matched superstar trades
I've ever heard of.
Like the fact it almost went down is wild.
And then what Kucherov has done since,
it makes Lightning fans say,
thank God that that didn't happen.
What are you rolling your eyes at, Biz?
What are you rolling your eyes at, Biz?
Oh, I wasn't rolling my eyes.
You were just thinking?
Yeah, I was just more trying to think.
You could actually see my wheels turning the hamster wheel.
What were you going to say?
Shorzy?
Well,
I was just going to say,
it's one of those things that like,
I wonder now,
like with the cap going up a little bit,
if we start to see more superstar trades,
cause it's like,
you know what I mean?
Like stuff like that around the league from entertainment perspective,
like would be so good for hockey,
but it's like,
I feel like it's happens very few and far in between
because a lot of teams, due to cap space,
can't even accommodate some of these deals even if
they wanted to. The cap has really fucked up
the trade game in the NHL.
We'll see what happens. Every deadline
there's some sort of surprise.
Hurdle last year for Christ's sake. I still
haven't gotten over that one, even though Edmonton
went to the cup final. When the Golden Knights
got a hurdle at the last minute.
I almost puked on my couch.
I made a video.
Let's shout out Justin Schultz, who had the chance to play within Edmonton.
He announced his retirement from the NHL Wednesday this past week.
745 games over 12 seasons and two Stanley Cups.
He was the guy who I'd heard a lot about.
He was dominant in college. And then that lockout shortened season,
Paul Eberle and Justin Schultz went and played in the AHL.
And I think they all had like 40 points in like 20 games.
It was crazy.
So you got to see what was coming in Edmonton.
Then he came, he could skate like the wind,
great puck mover, an awesome career
and a really nice guy.
So I want to say congratulations to him. I don't know, Shorzy,
did you know him at all at Biz? Have you ever met him?
Yeah, I was playing in San Antonio during
that lockout year. So we played Oklahoma
City 16 times
when they had like, you know what I mean, those guys. I think
don't quote me on this. I think he
led the league in scoring playing half
of the, like for defensemen,
for playing half the year. But I mean,
amazing player, amazing puck mover. I played against him at Wisconsin for a couple years playing half the year. But, I mean, amazing player, amazing puck mover.
I played against him at Wisconsin for a couple years too.
Wisco, yeah.
I don't know if you guys know Jordan Smaltz,
but he was laughing.
He texted me when he saw he retired.
He was like, he did one bus ride in lovely Switzerland
and just said, okay, I'm done.
That's it. Peace out.
Thanks. I'm good.
I saw that. I saw that.
And you go over and you want to keep playing
but then you're like oh and it's no offense at all this is anywhere in europe it's just so different
from that rush of the nhl where it's like i don't i don't love the game this much anymore that's
that's funny he sent that i was thinking the same thing that was me after the first period in sweden
i'm done but i also couldn't play. So I think it's time to throw it
over to Trunk Fan. This guy came on the podcast for the first time, I don't know, maybe a year,
two years ago, but he has blown up since. He is a business whiz. He knows all about AI. He knows
all about Elon. He knows all about Taylor Swift's tour. He knows about Bitcoin. He's basically like a human computer. That's what I'd
like to call him. So I think no matter what, check this out. You'll be interested. He's a great dude
and we appreciate him coming on right now. Shrung fan. Before we continue, guys, I need to talk to
you about Jack Pocket. Are you feeling lucky? Well, get ready to try out your luck with Jack
Pocket, America's number one lottery app. With Jack Pocket, you can order Powerball and Mega Millions tickets right on your phone. They even have official state lottery games. I think Powerball's getting up near a billion. You could be a billy goat because of Jack Pocket. You could order them right to your phone. It's so easy. Powerball and Mega Millions without having
to get off the couch. It's perfect. Every day, there are millions up for grabs right on your
phone. New customers to Jackpocket can get a free lottery ticket using code PUCK. P-U-C-K.
That's code PUCK for a free Powerball or Mega Millions ticket. Imagine the story if you download
Jackpocket and you get a free Powerball ticket
because you signed up and then you win a billion dollars. Can you picture it? Because I can. Don't
wait. Download Jack Pocket now for your chance to win. Good luck. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
New York, call 877-8-HOPE-NY or text HOPE-NY. 18 or older, 19 plus in Nebraska, 21 plus in Arizona.
Void where prohibited.
Promo code required for 2 non-withdrawable credit.
Prize amount may differ at time of drawings.
Terms jackpocket.com slash TOS slash free-ticket-promo slash.
It's been a minute since we had this legend on the show, Busy Boy.
It's been a minute.
It's really hard to describe this guy.
I think he's a Twitter thread master.
He's an AI.
He's a wizard of AI.
And he's also the spitting chiclets business correspondent.
That's what we're going to go with.
Trunk band.
What's going on, bro?
The Asian correspondent. The Asia. No, no, no, no. correspondent that's what we're gonna go with trunk ban what's going on bro the asian the asian
correspondent the asia the asian you know we got in the ground it's been a while it's been a while
and biz had the idea we gotta have trunk back on i said that's perfect catch up on everything the
year's coming to a close and i guess one of the things we could kind of start with is something
we chatted about last time and and biz was kind of dogging a bitcoin and since then this thing is ripping it's ripping biz looks foolish so where are you
to a coin oh my god i mean fair enough right the uh i mean did you lose your shirt on that
that was like she's asleep she's still sleeping um i mean i think we were i think biz said last year that he had a he he was a gifted
a coin as part of some promotional thing are you still holding on to that yeah i got fucked
wait but did you get any of it did it like you get an email from like the creditor being like
hey by the way like we sorted this out and here's your like 0.1 bitcoin well they're they're trying
to i thought it was spam i actually got one the other day.
I can pull it up.
So you're saying that if I fill this out,
I'll get my money back that was in that FTX?
So two years ago, we covered the FTX blow up,
which was like the first time I rolled on it.
That was amazing.
Whatever we talked about ended up kind of happening.
I ended up going to jail.
But what happened from there is the bankruptcy courts.
So the guy that ran the bankruptcy for FTX was the same dude that did Enron.
So this guy is like the LeBron James of bankruptcies.
So he's rolling in.
So he gave his son a job too?
Yeah, exactly.
Well, we'll see.
I mean, I don't know about that one.
We're going to count that as the six minutes that Bronny played,
but let's not get into that too deeply.
But so the dude that did the FTX,
the thing that ended up happening actually was,
so if Sam Brangman Freed had just held onto this scam for like three more
months, the market's like kind of rallied.
He could have like kind of kept it going, which is insane, dude.
So like the running joke on crypto Twitter is like,
if you just kept this thing go over three to six months, like he'd be like,
you know how like Elon got really close in the political process and like that's what spf was
doing two years prior so everybody's like oh my god this guy was like this close to being uh kind
of the kingmaker for politics but obviously he went and uh but based to your point people are
upset because they're getting back in dollar terms what the asset was worth.
So you'll get back what that was worth in November of 2022.
But ever since then, like crypto assets have 10x.
And from my understanding, that is if you have a lot of Bitcoin or even just a little bit, you shouldn't just keep it in the wallets, which is like something like an ftx or like an app like that if you have a significant
amount should you not have it on like a like a hard uh usb or something that like where you
cold storage is what they call it yeah okay yeah i mean if you now that you're convinced when i
convinced you in three minutes uh of the merits of bitcoin and why you should be going all in
no i mean the cold storage is what the uh the true ogs do they they're like they'll
bury it in like their backyard backyard and hide the codes everywhere.
Well, I'll give you an example.
The Winklevoss twins have publicly spoken about their big Bitcoin bags.
But what they do is they cut the keyword phrase, which is how you yourself will be able to access your Bitcoin.
They split it into 12 phrases and put them in banks across the country.
So they take it very seriously, as in only they will be able to access it.
So like to answer Witt's, but just to circle back to Witt's original question, like what's going on with Bitcoin?
I mean, it was a very, very Trump trade in the sense of there to go after because you just say, hey, we're not going to, you know, take your Bitcoin or we're not going to do legislation which will crush the crypto industry.
That's like 80 million Americans, right?
It's a quarter of the electorate holds some type of crypto asset.
And like it was such low hanging fruit for Trump.
Like he went to this Tennessee Bitcoin conference is like, yeah, hold on to your Bitcoin.
Like I'm going to be the biggest Bitcoin president ever.
I don't even know if he understands how it works,
but he understands that it's an important asset, right?
And then he just says that.
And people, if you're a one-issue voter,
you're just like, okay, like Trump will protect my crypto.
And I think a lot of that had to do with the post-election rally,
which is up almost two times.
Do you think a lot of it had to do with the fact
that over the course of covid that they kept printing money so maybe a little bit of the lack
of trust and maybe the federal reserve is what has like like basically the reason why this thing
has rallied and gotten as popular as it is now and the fact that it's up to over a hundred thousand
dollars which a lot of doubters said there's not a chicken dick's chance,
especially when it would go up to 20, 30 grand.
And then all of a sudden it would drop to like 10 or five.
Well, dude, when we talked two years ago,
it fell to 16,000, right?
And people were like bearing,
they're like, oh, this is it.
This is the end, right?
Like the biggest scam ever.
This guy's going to jail.
People got absolutely rugged and screwed,
which they did at that moment. But I think to answer your to answer your question is directly yes i think a big part of this
is just it's not just the u.s government so the u.s government added six trillion dollars during
covid and you mean you can literally just go to the federal reserve's official website they have
this crazy chart i'm sure that uh granola could pull it up but it's like it's like a money supply
and it just hits and then 2020 just boom it literally added about 40 percent of all the money that's ever been made in the last three
years so like you don't have to be that's not a difficult thing to understand right it's like you
print money it's kind of devalue a lot of things and uh but the interesting thing is which you'd
ask is like is this the kind of the if you're say the quote-unquote the investment thesis so if you guys remember probably 10 years ago when bitcoin
started coming up people like oh it's a it's a you know medium of exchange it's a digital cash
it'll be competitive with the u.s dollar right so that's one version of what money is supposed to be
like money serves three purposes it's a unit of account medium of exchange and a store value right
so like people like oh bitcoin going to do these three things.
But then you actually found out that if you pay for a pizza,
famously with Bitcoin 10 years ago,
that was like the most expensive pizza you ever bought in your life, right?
That was a true story?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
True story.
How much is it worth now in Bitcoin?
I think literally billions.
Oh, my God.
The very first, because this was like done like over 10 years ago.
Like people,
I thought people spent like 10 Bitcoins on a pizza.
Oh yeah,
they did,
right?
Like 10 years ago.
And then actually,
do you guys remember the Silk Road,
which is the underground dark market?
The guy went to jail,
Ross Ulbrich.
Actually,
Trump says he's going to,
what's it called?
Pardon him?
Yeah,
yeah,
pardon him.
And he might
i don't know if that's gonna end up happening but the the point was the the the tweets that
have been coming all the past month when bitcoin hit 100 some of these things were fucking sending
me man it's like some chick just tweeted something like uh i'll send it to you guys to post up later
but something along the lines of wow i just realized i spent 300k on molly for a party 50 10 years ago just sat in
the chat yep he g said my friend used to buy drugs on the silk road with bitcoin all of
plymouth state would so jesus no wonder they were at plymouth state these dumb fucks
but uh so i want to say like uh so six weeks since the election now at this point there's a
couple reasons why i rallied there was that part like biz you six weeks since the election now at this point, there's a couple of reasons why I rallied.
There was that part like, Biz, you kind of hit the top note.
You hit the main thing is people realize that it's not just the U.S. dollar.
It's like the entire world is printing money, right?
Like everyone printed money to combat COVID, which I mean, at a top level, you can understand.
But you're kicking the can down the road, right?
It's like the U.S. debt is like no matter what happens, somebody is going to have to pay that eventually.
And I don't want to get super political.
I know a lot of political topics,
but somebody's got to deal with it.
Probably our children, right?
Like our children's children.
But when you print money, it's the same thing.
When you're carrying something in the medium term,
you're like, the main purpose was during COVID
was because, you know, you had lockdown,
businesses were not operating,
is you just had to kind of stimulate demand somehow,
which is why so many things went online.
But there's a price to pay for that, and the price was inflation,
which I'm sure we talked about last year.
Inflation was a big reason, largely for why Trump won too.
People were just upset, just looked at the paycheck.
They're like, shit, I'm buying less groceries every time I go to Whole Foods, right?
Or probably not even going to Whole Foods.
It's like, you go to Albertsons or you're getting donged.
And so the Bitcoin thing, the other part, and I wrap it up with these two things is,
number one, biz nailed the top level.
People are realizing that this is the, when people say the hardest asset, like you guys
saw Michael Saylor talking with David Portnoy.
That was like a month ago.
It went pretty viral because Saylor, who's kind of the master at analogies kind of made this one
about jordan lebron is like kind of didn't really hit but uh people you remember that right yeah
uh so but he said he'd buy it at a million he goes i'll be buying it when it's at a million
like not investment advice he's putting a 13 million dollar target on it right just like
like biz i don't know if that's the one that's going to convince you,
but I think the best way to think about it though is
if they've moved from kind of this,
hey, is it a medium of exchange 10 years ago?
Maybe not the best thing
because it's probably a better store value.
Maybe it's just not going to be cash
the way we think about it.
But if it's a store value,
it's clearly increased in value
and it's held this value better than almost any asset
since it's been around gold is the thing that we kind of briefly talked about but global gold
market cap is about 15 trillion dollars 15 trillion so bitcoin right now is 2 trillion
so the thing that for me if i were to have like one long-term thesis and again non-investment
vice and i am pro because i'm at a wait i'll just throw this quickly is so let's say there's a 15 trillion gold bitcoin's 2 trillion so somewhere between
there you may believe there's going to be a convergence and i i'd say the some people be
like well you know gold has these applications but it's like dental applications or like jewelry
but the reality is that the large majority of gold is as a store of value. And Bitcoin here is kind of like the top level thesis, not investments, but it's like 30 to 70 trillion
dollars is being transferred from boomers and Gen X to millennials. 30 to 70 trillion. I know
that's a big delta, but it's in the tens of trillions of dollars of wealth. So just think
about what do you think under 30s are going to put their money in as a store of value? If they're going to pick Bitcoin or gold, right? It's like, again, do your own
research. There's a lot of problems that Bitcoin does have, but I think it's kind of crossed the
Rubicon. And in such a way of like, America is talking about having a strategic Bitcoin reserve.
Whether or not that happens, the fact that you have the president of the United States saying that is pretty significant. You have Fidelity, BlackRock, Vanguard, the biggest
financial money managers in the world have all released ETFs around Bitcoin. It's been
mainstreamed, right? And it's completely crossed the Rubicon. And now the question really becomes,
how much do you want to allocate to it if you want to do any at all? There's still these concerns.
I know there's this narrative around money laundering with it.
It's like, hey, you know what the easiest way to money launder is?
It's called the U.S. dollar.
Right?
It's like, what do you think El Chapo and Pablo Escobar had like underneath there?
I mean, it's just you can launder a lot more money at one time.
But the thing is like Bitcoin can actually be traced because it's on chain.
Right.
There are money laundering risks, certainly.
But anything, any mediums, any cash type instrument will have laundering risks.
My last question about Bitcoin.
So I'm kind of a more safe than sorry guy.
I think that looking at it, and I don't have any Bitcoin.
My brother Colin actually is really involved with it.
And he has been for quite a while.
My thing is, say you bought two Bitcoin when they were at 10 grand.
So you're in for 20 grand.
And that two Bitcoin is now worth 230,000.
Okay.
Talking to people who are all in on Bitcoin, to even mention to them of selling off a bit of it, they think you're crazy.
Where I'm like, all right, why don't you take 80 grand of it? You're still in for a good amount.
And then you at least have something where you can then invest on another side. Do you see the
side that I'm coming from? Or do you see the side where these Bitcoin transactions don't ever sell
a thing? No, I'm very much in your camp. It's from just a traditional kind of,
I have a more traditional finance background. It's just standard good practices, right? You don't
want everything in one bucket, right? But you're right. There are super hardcore Bitcoiners that
will, they're like 99 invested in Bitcoin. And I mean, clearly they've done well for themselves.
I'm sure they have some liquid just for their day to day but um some of I mean a lot of it is a lot of it is tied up the way that you mention it is
quite ideological in the sense of it is you you're you're finding a way it's decentralized and
censorship resistant that's the idea right it's like if you wanted to take a billion dollars and
leave the country and never come back that's what you would do right and you couldn't you can do
that 50 years ago gold right that's impossible You couldn't move that amount of money around. So there's a very
ideological element to the type of individual you're describing. But now I think it's mainstreamed
in the sense of if somebody told you they had 100 grand in Bitcoin in their investment portfolio,
you're not going to bat an eyelid anymore. Even two years ago when we were talking about it,
you might be, oh, that sounds like a lot but it's like totally mainstreamed at
this point do you think there's a possibility that it ever goes back below fifty thousand dollars
i i certainly i do think there's possibility it's a very it's a very volatile asset uh and
because it's so easy to unload and uh but over if you actually look at and it's this is just
numbers right if you look at
any four or five year period of a bitcoin's lifespan granted it's only been around for 15
years or yeah about 15 years it's always up over that full five year uh time span now you know past
performance not future guaranteed a future performance but like there is this idea that
if you wore just the time it's been around it has outperformed
almost every asset not to say that that will be the same going forward because there's only it's
already at two trillion right it's a mess it's like how much more can it be like the biggest
company in the world is apple like 3.9 trillion like once it so that's what's crazy is is it has
the same basically the same market cap now as apple which apple has been selling products for
however long and all of a
sudden this thing comes out of nowhere um and now it's got the same market cap so that's something
that i think that people have a hard time uh grasping and i would wrap it up with this a
business it's actually something you said like you said you know apple's been around since the
mid-70s right and uh it's it's created the greatest consumer product ever. The iPhone, they've sold,
I think it sold 2 billion iPhones lifetime and over a trillion dollars revenue just from the
iPhone. The greatest consumer product ever. It might never be matched, but Bitcoin is selling
a product, right? It is. We just talked about, Whit had mentioned, and you mentioned the money
printing. The product is, you're protecting the amount of money that you've made in your life. The line that Michael
Ciro likes to use is, people will spend 99 of their life thinking about how to make money and
then spend 1 of it thinking about how to secure that value. He's like, you should probably spend
a bit more time thinking about how to secure that value. So I think that's actually a great... He
has some more ambitious statements, but I think that one makes a lot of sense, right? He's like,
man, you spend a lot of your life trying to make I think that one makes a lot of sense, right? It's like, man,
you spend a lot of your life trying to make money,
like figure out how to keep that value.
Right.
Well,
since we're kind of talking about money and stocks,
uh,
we got to mention Jensen Kwan.
He's the CEO of the year and,
the AI leader,
uh,
Nvidia,
which Nvidia,
if you've had that stock over the last five years,
I think it's up like two thousand percent
yeah and my understanding it's a super chip but what but it's
tron's laughing at me already i can't even explain this explanation but it's a super chip but it it's
able to use ai technology the best as far as far as a super chip. Taiwan, they had a super chip factory. I want to
say it burnt down over the course of COVID, which kind of delayed a lot of cars being made because
a lot of things use this super chip now to the point where now they've built one or at least
started the construction on the I-17 in Arizona where they will be making them. So let's talk about NVIDIA and the CEO of the year and what they've created and why
it's one of the hottest stocks in the world over the past few years.
Absolutely.
I have a feeling your investment advisors have given you guys some NVIDIA.
If they haven't, you might want to know.
I'm not telling you to fire your investment advisors.
Do you guys have any NVIDIA?
I think I missed the boat on it.
I don't know.
I feel like Whit might.
It's pretty pathetic. I may. I don't missed the boat on it i don't know it's pretty
pathetic i i i may i don't know what i have i don't it's my financial advisor but i might you
just you trust me at the end of the year your investment financial advisor just give me his
line you're like hey listen we're out that's all you need to know right i feel like i saw that on
the on the breakdown i get a quarterly breakdown i feel like i saw nvidia i think i would not be shocked if you
did it was like uh i i want to jump on what uh uh kind of biz says here so it is it is a chip and i
want to kind of i'm gonna walk through it a bit but i want you guys to tell me if everything i'm
saying is making sense right because i want to make sure i'm respecting the listeners uh levels
too like i i know sometimes because i spend a lot of time in the weeds here i don't want to go too
far down that road but top level what I will say is this.
Just to kind of frame the situation for you guys to understand Jensen Huang.
He's within the tech business world, he's become a total rock star.
Have you guys seen this guy with the leather jacket?
Have you ever seen the picture?
Yeah.
I saw he's worth 120 billion also right now.
Okay.
So as to frame it, I'll add this just to give an idea of what's happened in the chip space.
What is the biggest semiconductor company
in America in the second half of the 20th century?
You guys will know it.
General Electric?
Starts with an I.
You guys will know it.
In, in, in, in, in.
Hit it, hit it.
Intel.
Interact?
Intel, Intel.
Intel, we got it.
Yeah, okay, you got it close.
Internet, Intel.
Intel was the leader, right? Intel, you guys definitely know you remember the internet yeah and
god damn it int yeah we're so close okay intel so intel uh was founded uh as as a chip company
and then the silicon valley the term silicon valley refers to the silicon inside
of chips like that's how this entire thing started right so intel was the leader of that and if you
ever heard moore's law which is the idea that every two years computer power like doubles
that's also from this intel the company and like the most important uh semiconductor company in
america in the second half of the 20th century. So wait, you said 120 mil, 120 bil is what Jensen's worth.
He's worth more by himself than Intel is now.
So like, that's how crazy this NVIDIA story is.
And the NVIDIA story is very,
it's an AI driven story.
And the top level way to think about it,
which I'm sure some of your listeners
have heard or understand is,
you guys remember the gold rush.
Who made the most money in San Francisco in the 185050s for late 1840s early 1850s in the
gold rush it was not the gold miners it was a person selling the picks and the shovels right
it was or even like levi's levi's straws sold the jeans and uh famously like that's how they
developed the the jean product and he sold it to every single person that went to mine gold.
And there's a saying in these kind of waves, these technological waves,
it's like if you're the individual providing the picks and shovels,
you're the one that's going to end up making all the money.
And so if you actually look at the AI revenue,
and you're talking about Amazon is buying AI chips.
So when Biz said super chips, he's referring to what is called an H100.
It's this GPU from NVIDIA.
And I'll explain the difference between a CPU and a GPU because it's relevant.
I think you guys will find it quite interesting.
These chips now are being bought by Microsoft, Elon for Tesla, Elon for XAI, OpenAI.
Elon for Tesla, Elon for XAI, OpenAI, all these big tech companies, 10 biggest companies in the world are all buying AI chips from NVIDIA because NVIDIA sells by far the best product.
And we had mentioned iPhone earlier.
What Steve Jobs did with iPhone and with Apple is he vertically integrated, which means he controlled every part of the stack.
Not every company is like that for example microsoft when they were like minting in the 90s they had the operating system windows but you could go to like dell right or you could go to compact or you could go to uh hp and buy a computer that's
not apple right apple's like we want to control every level of the stack so the are you guys you
guys you guys iphoneers right or you could do Yes. Both Android. So the iPhone, they lock you into their ecosystem
because it's fucking incredible.
It's incredible.
It's so easy.
It's so easy, right?
You buy any new product, it links to your laptop,
it links to your phone.
So they combine software and hardware.
That was unlike Microsoft, right?
Microsoft did the software, but not the hardware in the 90s
because when it became the biggest company in the world.
NVIDIA did the same thing. They created the chip, but not the hardware in the 90s. That's when it became the biggest company in the world. NVIDIA did the same thing.
They created the chip, but on top of it, they stacked something called CUDA, which is the software layer.
And that allowed you to program these GPUs.
And GPUs were initially meant for graphics.
It's right in the name.
Graphics Processing Units, right?
That's what it's for.
In the 90s when
jensen founded this company it was to make video games so he saw in the early 90s is like i think
video games are going to be massive so i want to create the best chip for video games now what do
you require for video games you need graphics and what is what is ultimately graphics being rendered
it's math it's a pure math. Like you're rendering these like triangles,
you render shapes
and you want it to follow the laws of physics.
It's a math problem essentially.
So that's what a GPU does.
It's like the best way to think about it
is really, really, really good
at high level and intensive math.
And you will see why it's relevant for AI shortly.
But a CPU,
which is what Intel specialized in, is more generalized.
So it's a central processing unit.
You use it.
It can't do very many things at once.
It's more of a sequential thing.
But what it means is it can do very kind of like Excel spreadsheets, surf the web.
Any app you want on your computer, you'd rather have a CPU do it because it's it's general and it's smarter
in that sense right smart so relative here but gpu is very powerful for math and basically what
we've seen is and what jensen saw was okay you can use gpus to render graphics but it turns out
rendering graphics which require a lot of intensive math that can be done at the same time it's called
parallelization.
It's not super important, but just know that math is very relevant here and how intense you can do it.
You can actually apply that to multiple industries.
And that's why people realize over the past decade is like, oh, AI is a huge math problem.
And the best chips to attack it
is actually not the CPU,
which is more generalized
and you can do many things on it,
but it's the GPU,
which does one thing really, really, really well.
And you just buy these massive data centers,
like the one that Biz had mentioned earlier,
and you just throw hundreds of thousands of these chips.
And these are the results we're getting now
with ChatGPT, these image generators video generators and like that's why jensen uh became worth 120 billion
nvidia is the second most valuable company in the world uh a busy said 20 times yeah it's about 20
times up in the last five years and uh yeah that's kind of the uh nvidia story and what i wanted to
say i want to pause out for a second because i do
want to talk about genesis specifically because you guys will this guy is an animal and so if you
have any more nvidia questions specifically i'm happy to answer those what are these chips that
he's creating uh what are they most used for like right now it is for cars like what they are oh
yeah because cars are ai for example uh elon and tesla built a
massive data center for the self-driving uh uh you guys don't you ever use full self-driving on
tesla or actually because you live in arizona you guys have way more right yeah there's tons
of self-driving cars around here and like yeah like yesterday like at three like three of them
within like like the stoplight they were just all there and this is like one of the the main places yeah because i feel like in the scottsdale area everything's pretty flat and
gridded properly where it's such a newer city compared to like going to like new york or london
where you know these cities and were gridded out long long time ago where i feel like in order for
them to get it and understand it and and store the information through these chips, it's easier to start here than it is anywhere else.
So I don't think it's far-fetched to think in 20, 30 years that maybe 50 of the cars on the road here will be self-driving, especially come like any type of Uber or transportation from the airport, no doubt.
Oh, you nailed it.
That's exactly why they picked Arizona, because of the grid, right?
It's all parallel, the streets streets because this is new york city interestingly uh waymo actually
just is going to launch in tokyo so they're really testing how far they took it but to answer to
answer your question that what does it use for that that's one massive example so a thing that
jensen has always done is he identified a market uh like 10 years before it became big he's like
i'm putting all my chips and so the when we talk about him specifically you'll see why this guy's
such an animal but so to answer your question basically like self-driving cars is a big one
um all this all this generative ai stuff that you're seeing uh you know you know text to video
chat gbt all that stuff is being done that you're seeing a lot of medical research is being done with AI chips too, because like protein folding, which is a very bio in biology, protein folding is an
extremely math intensive, uh, uh, you know, requirements. So there's a use a lot of chips
for those. Um, one, one last one before we get to Jensen is like, sometimes like technology,
it become like completely irrelevant, very quick because another company comes
in and they,
they have a better chip and better technology.
Who is a threat to Nvidia?
Like who is the biggest threat where all of a sudden it'd be like,
well,
we'd rather use those than go to his chips.
Right?
No,
that's a great question.
So,
uh,
this is actually a very,
uh,
big deal right now in tech because I mean,
these companies are getting bent over to pay Nvidia.
Like they are paying through the nose.
You had mentioned a shortage biz during 2022 during COVID.
There was a shortage because a lot of factors had to be shut down,
but now they kind of work through that shortage.
And a lot of the manufacturing does happen in Taiwan,
which is a,
we can talk about maybe talk about the geopolitical issue between China and
the U S that that's a kind of
another separate thing
but very important
but to answer your question
there's actually
two very interesting competitors
actually the main one
is Google
so Google
has been developing
its own chip
for AI
for ages
because
is that the quantum computer?
it's not the quantum computer
but
we should talk about that too
because they
did create a chip. No, but they're very good at creating their own chips. And so is Apple,
by the way. People may not know Apple's MA history, but I'll give it to you right now.
For example, you guys remember Mark Zuckerberg bought WhatsApp for like 17 billion, right?
Microsoft bought the gaming company Activision for 69 billion.
Massive acquisitions, right?
Apple doesn't actually make very large acquisitions
because when you acquire a company,
you maybe want their brand or their revenue.
Apple's like, yeah, we don't really need any of those things.
We're like a platinum brand.
We have tons of revenue, right?
They acquire technologies.
But this is just to answer a business question.
They bought a
semiconductor company uh this is this this is one of steve jobs last acquisitions before he died
and it turned into a monster because apple now creates chips in-house which is why they're
freaking phones and like what you're saying is that everything just works seamlessly right
it's because they've been developing their own chips. So the big tech companies developing their own chips
is probably the biggest threat
to NVIDIA.
And it makes sense
for these big tech companies
because they're spending
so much money.
And then in terms of like
traditional semiconductor companies,
AMD is the other big one.
Funny enough,
AMD is run by a Taiwanese
American lady named Lisa Su.
She's cousins with Jensen Huang.
So like this family is insane um
but uh they're both taiwanese and i'll circle back actually to jensen's story and i hope at
this part grinnell just has photos of jensen in his leather jacket because this guy's a badass man
but i'll give you some like top level stuff is there was like a very uh famous uh uh article
that came out earlier this year it's like uh when I was talking about how all these companies were just begging NVIDIA for chips, just begging them.
Right. And it turned out, I think it's a Wall Street Journal said that like Elon Musk, Larry Ellison, the third richest guy in the world, founder of Oracle.
We're having dinner with Jensen Huang and Nobu.
And there's like Larry's like we're literally just they're begging him to give us more chips. It's like this is like the level that Jensen Huang and Nobu. And there's like, Larry's like, we're literally just there begging him to give us more chips.
And it's like, this is like the level that Jensen's on.
And like, if you listen and talk to any of these top CEOs,
like guys like Zuckerberg, Elon, Larry Ellison,
they're just like, they know, right?
Like, they're all just like, yo, this guy,
he's like, we respect the shit out of this guy, right?
He's like what he's done.
And there's multiple reasons to it.
So one, he's been the CEO of NVIDIA for 31 years for a tech company it's pretty unheard of so bill gates was about 25 years
at microsoft uh steve jobs between his two runs was 23 years because he was famously fired but
the last one from 97 to 2011 when he passed 14 years that was when apple did that fucking insane
streak they did ipod, iPhone, iPad,
the greatest run in corporate history. And then a guy like Tim Cook, 13 years,
current CEO of Apple, Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, nine years. So I'm just trying to show
you like Jensen in the most cutthroat industry, he's still here. How many years was it? I'm not
going to say a struggle but you know the roller
coaster of a company in the beginnings of a company up and down was it like because if he's
31 years now was it the first 10 to 15 like oh nothing was popping the great question they they
almost went bankrupt three times wow separate times in 30 years so like this is also why a lot
of uh other executives look like they're like disrespecting him so much.
Because he bets his company.
He makes these massive bets.
And they're 10 year long bets.
Like this AI bet he made, he made 10 years ago.
Like when even more than 10 years ago, he realized that people wanted these really powerful chips that we described.
But they wanted the software layer on top of it.
So he was taking resources from every other part of his company, just plowing it into the software layer on top of it so he was taking resources from every other part of his
company just plowing it into the software layer called cuda and like investors were like dude what
are you doing like well why are you doing this and he's like this is 10 years out like it's going to
be worth it this is where we're headed and to your to your point where they almost like went bankrupt
and like bust during these periods so like all these other executives like holy shit this guy
like bets the farm right and that's why people like when you look at elon elon bets the farm every
time it's almost like the big short for him in a sense where there were not a lot of believers
maybe in the beginning now right why did he get to stay in that seat though when maybe there was
doubters and people are like why the fuck are you doing this that they have no choice because they
were fucking knee deep in the shit at that point anyway. They're knee deep
and just like,
they knew that no one else
could run this company.
So I want to give a shout out
to probably the best book
I read this year
came out just a couple weeks ago.
It's called
The NVIDIA Way
by Tae Kim
and it's only 245 pages.
So if you guys are interested
in-
Oh, it'll take me
a couple months.
Yeah.
Years.
Hit the audio book.
Hit the audio book, dude.
But I mean,
Jensen,
I wanted to kind of
go back to his childhood
because his parents were from Taiwan.
They sent him to America
because they knew America is the land of opportunity.
And he was here with his brother without his parents.
They were here with their aunt and uncle.
But here, this is where you guys will get a laugh.
They sent him to what they thought was a boarding school.
His parents are like in Taiwan.
They're like somehow finding a way
to send him to boarding school
to give him his best opportunity.
Sent him to boarding school and I believe it's in Kentucky. And then they somehow finding a way to send him to boarding school to give him his best opportunity. Sent him to boarding school
and I believe it's in Kentucky.
And then they later found out
it's not a boarding school.
It's a juvenile house.
So his like bunk mates,
yeah,
or like gang bangers
and people that had stab wounds.
He's like 13 years old.
I'm sure there are a couple people
do 6v1s with him.
You know what I mean?
And it's like,
he like was living, like, Biz
down at AZ a month ago. This was like
Jetson Wang's come up.
But I bet if you talk to him, that probably
molded him. He was lucky
enough to get through it, but there's no way
that didn't affect him in a good way.
Now I understand the leather jacket, too.
Yo, you know
that, man, you get shanked. You want to
have the leather jacket ready right
but like so he does this and uh i'll add two things to wit's point he has the greatest uh
linkedin profile in the history of mankind because in his mid-teens he worked at denny's
famously he founded nvidia in a denny's with his two cool founders curtis preem and chris
melachowski so this is what happened when he was 15 started a denny's with his two cool founders curtis preem and chris melachowski so this is
what happened when he was 15 started working denny's the shittest jobs in the world to which
point like he's eating shit right he knows what it's like at the bottom and he doesn't care
so he used to clean bathrooms you know do plays your standard stuff like stuff that you know if
you've ever worked one of these restaurants you've done it but the point is this guy is like the sixth
richest guy in the world right now. But like he remembers those experiences.
There's a video on YouTube.
He went to Stanford Business School in March of this year.
And he's surrounded by Stanford MBAs, you know, the future of corporate America.
Smart kids, probably super wealthy parents.
And he just goes, just looks around.
He goes, looks around the room, just points his fingers.
Like I've cleaned more bathrooms than every single person in this room combined.
It's like, you know, I like my life's about pain and suffering.
He's like, that's the only way you'll succeed in business is that he goes, I wish you pain and suffering.
Because in this business, the only way to win is to experience that and to come on the other side.
Right. He's like resilience is the only he's like being smart is great.
Being resilient is a hundred times better.
So that's his story. This is why he's a legend, man.
He's an absolute legend.
Yeah, all these kids who have all this resume and these diplomas and all the future in front of them,
will they be able to get back up after they get knocked down, which inevitably they will get knocked back down.
And that's probably the biggest thing about it, and i guess him living it now my my final question for him would be
you talk to uh some people and they look at billionaires especially people like him multiple
multiple billionaires and there's something bad to be said about them now what would the detractors
of this guy maybe say or is there nothing really there because of what he came from growing up
yo there's i mean there's certainly there's none of this uh kind of like oh you came from money thing because he clearly did it but I mean, there's certainly, there's none of this kind of like, oh, you came from money thing
because you clearly didn't. But now
it's more like, because there's always going to be, you guys
know this, you guys work in media, you guys are professional
athletes. It's like, no matter what you do,
somebody's going to try to tear you down, right?
Oh, and the bigger you get. Yeah, the bigger you get, right?
It's just, I mean, human
envy, I mean, envy is just like the great,
I mean, it's the most poisonous thing, but
it's just so natural. And I get it, right?
I get it all the time.
But for him, I think the criticism is more so around him as like a manager.
Like, man, if you read anything about these guys,
you read about Steve Jobs,
was it like do you think he was a good dude at the office?
Oh, his cutthroat.
He was just chewing people out.
Cutthroat, right?
But like what I would say
about a guy like Steve Jobs
who had like a pretty bad
corporate reputation
is that he had
a really bad temper,
a blow up.
It was like,
he once told Johnny Ive,
which was his
chief design officer,
quite,
Sir Johnny Ive,
he's basically invented
everything in a second
around the iPhone,
the design of it.
But like,
Johnny Ive
once went to Steve Jobs
after a meeting where Steve had chewed on an employee.
And Steve was like, man, Johnny's like, Steve, like, man, that's clearly unnecessary, right?
Like, why did you do that?
And Steve was like, Steve told Johnny, I'm pretty disappointed in you.
And Johnny's like, why?
He's like, I think that you care more about being liked by the other employees and doing great work because I thought you liked doing great work.
And that's why we're here.
And sometimes you just have to chew people out to send a message
and then uh johnny's like actually that's that's pretty true it's like it wasn't necessarily about
him caring about this other person it's like him wanting to be liked for himself right
and that that's why he's like oh steve why would you do that and steve's like no we're here to like
do good work and i'm sure i mean you guys play yeah i think there's a fine line like i've obviously been oh yeah like i've been chewed out so my favorite coaches are the
ones who chewed me out the most for keeping me accountable and stuff like that some people are
are maybe uh uh you know built for it some people go into the shell and that's why we go back to the
resiliency talk yeah um about um um one in in general now uh speaking of resilience and moving on from that
topic uh taylor swift oh my god that insane world tour she was just on for multiple years i think it
grossed over two billion dollars she's a machine my understanding is after her shows the next day
she'll actually just lie down and lay in bed for like 15 hours straight to restore energy, to keep this thing going.
How could someone possibly make that much money in music on a world tour to the point
where with Canada Rogers, I think Rogers offered her 30 million just to even come to Canada.
Unbelievable.
She gets the money on the tickets and the merch before any of that.
Just please come to our country and move the needle. Canada. Unbelievable. She gets the money on the tickets and the merch before any of that. Just
please come to our country and move the needle. Help us, uh, you know, help, help, uh, stimulate
our economy, Taylor. So I'll throw it over to you. Like how the fuck do you do that? Well,
let me ask her, did you guys go to the heirs tour? I never went to one. And I laughed at the fact
when, when, when it was announced, she was coming to Foxboro, I was like, oh, Taylor Swift.
I can completely admit after seeing what happened on this tour and clips and how people talked about it.
I'm not a huge fan.
I don't dislike her, but music's not what I'm listening to a lot.
And I would love to go to one of these shows.
Right.
So that was literally how I mean, I listened to her early stuff but i wasn't i don't
follow her all of her you know albums over the past decade but i knew i was gonna go to this
so she did her last uh three shows in vancouver so i fell into my lap so i'm like okay i don't
have to go out because i was thinking of going to another city to watch it and the only reason i
wanted to watch it was kind of what you said wait as like i kind of knew that this would be
this might potentially be the biggest concert tour ever.
And I'll tell you why I believe that.
It's an experience.
It's an experience,
right?
It's like,
like I'll watch the Olympics,
right?
And there's like,
I don't know,
90 of these sports,
but I'll watch them do like whatever,
with a ski shoot after you do skiing.
Oh,
I appreciate it.
I'm like,
damn,
this guy's the best at this,
right?
It's like,
I can appreciate what this guy's doing.
Like,
I have no idea what's going on,
but I'm like,
this guy is a gangster or this gal is a gangster. she's doing whatever cross-country skiing and shooting things.
This is a sport somehow.
And I'll appreciate that.
This on another level is like, as soon as the tickets came out, you have to remember, there's a couple of elements here that I want to tease.
The top level asks you guys this.
So I'll work through the top five largest concert tours ever.
I'm curious if you guys have gone to them.
So number one is Taylor Swift Airs Tour.
That's 2 billion total gross.
This is all inflation adjusted.
Coldplay, Music of the Spheres.
I feel like Wits been in this one.
U2, 360 Degrees.
Did you go to that one?
I've been to both.
I've been to both of those.
I've been to Coldplay and U2.
Okay, you did Coldplay and U2.
Okay.
Elton John's Farewell to the Yellow Brick Road is number four.
Number five is Ed Sheeran and the Divided Tour.
I've been to two, three, four, and five.
Oh, shit.
What about Rolling Stones?
Rolling Stones.
The Bigger Bang?
I've never been there.
I've never been to see the Rolling Stones.
Last one I'll have is Guns N' Roses.
Not in my lifetime.
That's number seven.
Okay.
No.
But we had the ref Axl Rose at Waterville Valley Tournament last weekend, but I digress.
No.
But we had the ref Axel Rose at Waterville Valley Tournament last weekend, but I digress.
That's a different story.
So Taylor did 2 billion with her tour.
Again, all inflation adjusted.
Everything else is a billion or less.
She's doubled.
Wow.
Yeah.
So she's doubled.
Just to give an idea of how big this tour is, right?
And granted, she did 149 shows.
So just to give some numbers, Biz, you said it was over two years.
She had 149 shows in 18 months.
That was one show every four days.
It's three and a half hours, 44 songs, 25 plus costume changes.
It was nonstop, right? So the way she trained for it, and Biz, you said she'd just lie down.
It's because she's a little professional athlete at this point.
She would do three and a half hour sets and the way she trained for and this is from her time
person of the year cover last year you know shout out she won it in 2023 is in the six months lead
up to the heirs tour which she'd already spent a year kind of just putting the set together the
costumes the design of how the concert would look every day this was her workout her cardio she'd
go on a treadmill do three and a half hours on the treadmill and she. Every day, this was her workout, her cardio. She would go on a treadmill,
do three and a half hours on the treadmill,
and she would do a fast song for her fast song.
She put it in like, whatever,
five miles for her fast songs
and then three miles for her slow songs.
Three and a half hours on the treadmill.
That was her cardio.
Straight.
Yeah, just straight.
Was she doing the witty workout
where you would do the little bit of an incline?
Oh, the incline?
I don't know about the incline,
but I'm sure she could have... She could have tore her Achilles and ruined the whole concert thing.
No, but I mean, like, I'm sure she's pushing it, right?
And then obviously, Travis, who knows what else they added to the routine, right?
The Travis Kelsey workout.
I know literally, like, she's probably had her do some, like, some hang cleans and things of that nature.
I thought you meant fucking bring her to the workbench is what i thought you meant hold on this just going
they're gonna make it mine in the gutter here come on sorry buddy this is a pv concert he lives
splinter the rat no splinter but a couple things i want to point out about the con
so the size of it so what are the before we talk about the economics of it
because you guys
had mentioned it
right Rogers had
offered her 30 mil
so it was insane
the economic impact
she was doing in
each city it was
like it was
estimated each city
in America for her
first leg of the
tour was a hundred
million economic
impact from hotels
out of towners
right hotels
FB stand just
shopping and transportation insane
100 million for each city so um i'm gonna talk more about economics but i'll talk about why i
think it blew up you guys remember the timing of this event so beetle mania which is often compared
to and uh i mean i know uh none of us were alive for beetle mania but uh uh certainly
it's it's sailing in our minds right so the the main moment of beetle mania in america was february
uh 1964 that's when i'm sure you guys have seen this ed sullivan the ed sullivan show uh the
beetles rope ed sullivan show just to give you guys an idea you guys are massive podcasts uh
massive numbers this is what the beetles did on that day. 73 million Americans watched them.
50 of American TVs watched that performance on Ed Sullivan.
This is the size of that performance.
The timing of it was very interesting.
And this will be relevant when we talk about the Heirs Tour.
JFK was killed four months prior to that.
So America in itself was in a very dour mood.
They were looking to feel good
exactly exactly did you nail the end
which was my thing about the concert
is that you're there and you're just around
for three and a half hours everyone is so happy
and it's so rare now
that's why when
the first thing that came to mind when I saw the
Ticketmaster sale for errors
Taylor Swift is so big
that Ticketmaster had an issue
with the opening sales for her
that the Department of Justice launched
an antitrust case against Ticketmaster
because Taylor Swift was mad.
The skill that she's at is
unbelievable, right? It's truly unbelievable.
So the Beatles went and nailed
the main point there. It was this country
needed something to get out
of the JFfk assassination
and actually like walter concrete who's also a massive tv personality uh the the cbs and news
anchor one of the most important uh media personalities in the 60s in america like famously
he came back from vietnam in the 60 in 68 he went to vietnam on a fact-finding tour came back
and basically told
the American people,
I don't think
we can win this war.
And Lyndon B. Johnson,
the president at the time,
after watching that newscast,
said,
we just lost middle America.
And a week later,
he said he would not
run for re-election.
This is like the power
of a guy like Walter Cronkite.
So Walter
and Ed Sullivan,
also massive,
they're just like,
fuck, we got to like,
like, you know, we can't single-handedly bring the country out of this. right so walter and ed sullivan also massive they're just like fuck we gotta like this like
you know we're we can't single-handedly bring the country out of this this is a shock to the world
right but we could try to do our part it's like they find these goofy four dudes from liverpool
england right uh john george ringo and uh and paul and uh two of them still around a ringo and paul
uh and they found them they discovered them because they were blown up in the UK.
But here's another thing that's interesting.
As they were blowing up in the UK in 1963,
so say about January to November when JFK was killed,
they're blowing up in the UK, but they barely did anything in America.
Like George Harrison came to America in September to visit his sister.
No one fucking knew who this guy was.
And then three months later, he's the most famous guy in the world.
Yeah, most famous guy in the world.
And the reason that happened was because
there's two record labels.
There's the parent record label in the UK
of the Beatles.
The sister record label
in America, the guy running it
thought the Beatles were shit. He's like, fuck these guys.
Look at them.
They're so goofy.
They'll never make it here.
So what happens is now think about it.
The Beatles are releasing singles in the UK throughout the entire 63.
And they're picking up steam.
They end up performing in front of the Queen in, I think, October.
So they're making a legit run.
America has no idea what's going on with these guys.
JFK gets killed.
Guys like Walter Conkright and Ed Sullivan are like, shit, we got to find something to kind of bring the mood up. what's going on with this these guys jfk gets killed uh guys like walter concrete and ed
sullivan are like shit we gotta find something to kind of bring the mood up so the beatles now
instead of dripping their singles throughout the year in 1963 they dropped three or four massive
singles at the same time over christmas and here's another thing that happened the transistor radio
had its biggest christmas ever in 1963 but i think 10 million
units sold or something so you're dropping you're putting instead of you know firing five arrows
through the year you're putting every piece of wood behind one arrow at one time around christmas
everybody's home so this you guys are seeing how like this conflict of events like led to this like
i'm not to say that beatles wouldn't have been famous but they kind of lucked into this wild situation yeah timing is everything it seemed like everything just kind
of came to a head now i'm interested to like how this might have happened for taylor exactly
this is exactly where they're going you kind of hinted at it wait covid right covid happened
so she was going to tour in 2020 her last tour was 2018 she does she's but doesn't do a tour in 2020
so now you're backing up all that demand for everybody that was going to go see her and then
between 2018 and 2023 when she starts touring she released six new albums and her social media
following doubles and tiktok goes from zero to one billion users.
Spotify, the number one music app in the world,
goes from whatever, call it 100 million users
to 400 million users.
All this tailwinds behind her now.
And we're coming out of COVID in 2023.
People hadn't been spending money.
People hadn't been going out.
So that was the similar, do you guys see what i'm
saying those are the tailwinds behind her so she walked in a situation again like there was a there
was a global tragedy with with covid and a global situation that you didn't wish that but that's
what you end up walking into and everybody's just starving for live entertainment again
exactly the economy's been stimulated they They've printed 6 trillion. Everybody wants to spend it.
And she's the one that they want to go see.
And I'll go back to what Whit said.
I've played a few of her tunes.
I won't bump her in the car.
I won't really play her.
But you have to have respect for what she's been able to accomplish.
And the fact that she's putting that much time and energy to train to go on this run,
149 shows, you said.
The fact that she's on a treadmill for three and a half hours
singing songs while she's on the treadmill,
that's fucking, that's insane.
Let me ask you this, Trung.
I've been ridiculed by certain people
at just the thought that the NFL could possibly be paying her
to go to these games.
I think it's somewhat realistic that if they're like,
hey, you go, I mean, there's no way
it doesn't help their bottom line.
You see how many people are watching the Chiefs games,
and it's not just because they're a dynasty
with the best quarterback.
Look at his podcast, him and his brother's podcast,
and how much that dropped off.
Is that that crazy of an idea?
Well, actually, so wait, I don't think it's a crazy idea,
but I'll tell you why I don't think it's true.
And it's a very simple reason.
If you actually look at the recent halftime show performers,
the NFL doesn't pay you to perform halftime.
But if you're an artist,
you're guaranteed 100 million viewers.
It's worth your, like,
The Weeknd actually invested over 10 million in his show
because he knew that the Spotify bump,
any concert he did after, he would get.
I think Usher did the same with his performance in February.
So I don't think it's insane right now,
but based on the fact that the halftime performers
are literally paying to perform.
The NFL is like, hey, you can have the stage,
but like we're giving you
this budget.
If you want to add extra,
you deal with it
and they're doing it.
It would suggest that
the NFL as a property.
So actually,
this is an interesting question
because this is,
you guys cover NHL obviously
and you know a lot of athletes
in different sports.
The NFL is such,
so much bigger of a juggernaut
than,
just by the numbers.
The NFL as a media property
is a 20 billion a year media property, right?
What's the NHL right now as a media property?
What do we call the revenues?
I wouldn't even be able to guess.
Oh, I think that the NHL just surpassed 5 billion in what they make.
Yeah.
So the NFL is four times the size.
I would have guessed 40.
I would have guessed they were 40 times bigger.
Definitely. I mean, they're headed in would have guessed they were 40 times bigger. Definitely.
I mean, they're headed
in that NFL 614.
The NFL is bigger
than every other major sport
in America combined.
Like, God,
it's just how it is, right?
And I think we talked
about it briefly is
how do you guys feel
about kind of these,
you know,
these event-based sports, right?
It's like NBA's 82 games,
way too many.
And MLB's 162 or whatever,
or 160. And NHL's 82 also. It's like the's 82 games, way too many. And MLB's 162 or whatever, or 160.
And NHL's 82 also.
It's like the event-based stuff is what ultimately is what's happening with the internet, right?
People are kind of lazy.
They're doing their things.
Like you're going up to the events.
It's like you go to the Heirs concert, right?
Or you go to the Heirs tour, or you go to the game on Sunday.
You prepare for one game a week.
I agree with you.
You could plan your entire week around it.
I've said
that the nhl should reduce their schedule and and i think it would make more of an impact because
every game means that much more i mean they won't do it to charge more for the individual game
tickets to compensate for the the lack of the 82 game schedule i'd like to see them move it down
to at least 72 i think the product would be better
there would be more build up as you're as you're saying it just becomes a little bit watered down
in my opinion if you're doing so many baseball that's that's the full-blown extreme and what's
sad biz about and strong is that it's it's if anything they would add like it's never right
right right getting mine actually it kind, we're talking the leagues now.
I know you're a big Hoops fan.
What's your thought on the ratings
and how horrible the ratings have been right now?
We got Celtics coaches.
We got LeBron mentioning like, yeah, it's a problem.
Yeah, I think for me personally,
I don't know if this applies to everyone across things.
I just stopped watching the product. I don't know if this applies to everyone across the East. I just stopped watching the product.
I don't watch games, right?
I watch YouTube highlights.
I'm sure to a bit
that this happens
with NHL too.
Big time.
I'm just a lot more concerned
also about the off season
and the non-court stuff.
And I think somebody
brought up a great point.
LeBron created
this empowerment era, right?
So I'm curious
what you guys' thoughts on this.
He kind of made it no longer about the teams it was about the players right and then
once that happens and you lose connection to the team now you don't care about going to the stadium
right you're just kind of following lebron wherever he goes like i've been following him
since the cleveland days uh i'm you know that the 2016 for me when he came back against the
so one of the greatest sports stories in the past decade
in my lore and personal.
But you kind of lose the connection.
So I'm curious, do you guys see the breakage happening?
I do.
Do you break?
I do.
I think, like, listen, I just can remember my dad growing up.
Somebody would get traded from the Bruins, his team,
and he'd say, yeah, I love the crest on the front.
Like, I'm going to miss the guy, but I love the crest on the front. And'm gonna miss the guy but i love the crest in the front and i think and this is every sport but the nba more than anything like
guys are following individual athletes fans are following individual players i also think it has
gone to their head uh in a way where you see the way like a guy like joel m bead is is acting where
there's rumblings that he'll be late to everything.
And because they make so much money and they have so much control, I think he makes over
50 million that it's kind of like, what are you going to do?
If you get rid of me, somebody else is just going to pay it to me.
So I agree with what you're saying.
And I believe that that attitude has turned people away from watching it as well as the
product.
I think it's all really gone to their
head to where that that can no longer happen that's also why i think that hockey in a way
more individuals have shown their personality but it's still probably of the four major sports
extremely team oriented and i feel like people gravitate towards that and why i feel like nhl
is on the rise like i think that the nhl NHL is on the rise. Like I think that the NHL
right now, based on the four major sports, I think it has the biggest opportunity for growth
because I also think that it hasn't been untapped yet in the United States. And we're starting to
see a revolution where team USA in this year's four nations and in next year's Olympics is going to be incredible. The USA hockey development programs, college hockey.
Like I got, right now I have the new commissioner of the CHL,
or maybe it's the Ontario hockey, excuse me, in a text thread.
I think he wants to come on the show to talk about their league
where you could sense that they feel like they're losing a little bit of steam
and that now they need to get ahead of that,
where that tells me everything I need to know,
where the United States is a big opportunity for growth for hockey,
and it just kind of alludes to what we were talking about.
I don't really have much else on that.
Do you guys?
No.
Yeah, I don't have much on that.
I appreciate all this, Chong.
It's a blast.
I think every time we get you on, we're like,
we got to do it more often. But I know it it's a sunday dude and you're out out west we appreciate
you coming on explaining all these things to to us two dummies and some of the dummy listeners
i'm not gonna lie but it's it's a blast chatting with you and congrats on all your success i
continue to see you rising becoming bigger and bigger on x. And I see Elon sometimes. Elon responds to you.
I'm like, this guy, this guy's doing it.
So thank you so much.
That's one guy we didn't get the chance to ask you about.
So one quick thought on your relationship with Elon.
Yeah, well, that's going to be a big, you know,
probably the whole segment.
Yeah, let's do the next episode.
But what I do want to say, the last thing I want to tie off,
you know, appreciate the time on this guy. But the last thing want to say, the last thing I want to tie off, you know,
appreciate the time on this guy,
but the last thing I'll say
about Taylor,
I do want to shout out to this.
Well, first of all,
I got to shout out
to my friend Elle
who went to the Melbourne show,
Taylor's largest show ever,
96,000 at the Cricket Stadium.
And she's like,
you got to go to the Vancouver one.
So thanks for making me do that.
And the last thing
I'll say about her
is the tour did two bill.
She gave 200 million
to staff and crew as bonus
on top of their salary
so that's a shout out and that's an amazing yeah like i i don't want to leave it and people just
think oh she made a ton of money for herself it's like i wanted to i will close it out with that but
you know with the el stuff we got to come back i because i got he he's got so many things going on
that are super interesting and i'm happy to do that whenever is uh is elan or is elan is elon
throwing out bonuses?
Oh, well, I mean, listen,
the people that work at his companies are extremely well compensated
for the very difficult missions
that they're going after.
Love it.
That's all I need to know.
Trunk fan.
The big business insider
for spitting chiclets.
That was amazing.
Thank you, guys.
Thank you very much to Trunk Fan.
We didn't ask him about the drones.
Shorzy, you got an opinion on the drones in New Jersey area?
No, it's a little scary though.
Yup.
You know what I mean?
It's a little scary.
And I feel like more like my eyes are more and more open now.
I feel like ever since COVID, everyone's kind of realized what's been going on in the world.
And like, you know what I mean?
I think that we were living like in a pretty naive world for a long time or at least maybe i was so it's a little scary yeah
now you got the joe rogan interviews and i'm just listening i'm like i'm petrified right now i don't
know if i should listen to this anymore uh but he's your take on it i don't know much about like
what's going on with these drones i haven't been paying attention i i i couldn't tell you i would
i would think that with um i don't know if it's thousands or hundreds of drones in the New Jersey area, that the government would know something.
They say they don't, which is, I guess, alarming.
Probably a better chance of you buying an MDMA with Bitcoin or what?
If you walked out of your house and saw a small SUV-sized drone just hovering above,
I would think it'd be a little terrifying.
I mean, that's just me.
I don't know.
And then all of a sudden, I got my brother-in-law, Moose,
sending me a picture of a drone in the sky,
and it looked like the way the picture came in,
I'm like, oh, my God, there's a drone above your house,
and I zoomed in, and it's Barry the Big Black Cock
in the middle of the drone.
So that's what it turned into Cock in the middle of the drone. So that's what it's turned into.
You buried him with the drone.
Yeah, I got to bury the Big Black Cock guy inside a drone.
So that's kind of what this has turned into.
Two last things I guess I'll mention, or a couple last things.
Glass Banger, who we've chatted about often with the Dallas Stars,
just ruins the experience for people, sits behind the net where Dallas shoots twice
and bangs on the glass all game long and brings hookers.
He's in jail.
So he's in prison.
He gets out May of 2025, which scares me a little bit as a Western Conference Oilers fan that that would be just about the time the Western Conference finals begin.
Would he be getting out of prison only to be right back on the glass
for the Dallas Stars to make a run
and win the Stanley Cup?
Possible storyline right there.
Let's hope not.
The second thing that cracked me up,
just hit Twitter.
We had a Saskatoon Senior Hockey League
father versus son fight in Sask Prairie.
And they were throwing.
This isn't just like, oh, I'm just messing around with my dad and this is funny.
No, no, no.
This is trying to take my dad's head off and the dad trying to take his kid's skull off his body.
Chris Ewan of the Langham Vikings, who's 47 years old.
He fought his son, Tyler Drager.
I don't know why they have different last names.
If they're father, son, that's very confusing.
Well, you know why they fought?
It's because the old man caught the son fucking the wife.
I don't know where to go there.
Why do they have different last names?
Do we know if these guys are father, son?
What the fuck? Either way, that is a motherfucker that's saskatchewan right there boys that's whl hockey oh yeah that's just
laying it out on the line um but final thing i'll say is and everyone's kind of been asking is
is i chatted with ra so uh we mentioned uh to all you listeners at the end of the summer that
ra was taking a break.
He's looking to go get healthy, figure some things out going on in his life.
And he's been doing that.
And we finally chatted.
We were supposed to chat, I think, three weeks ago.
And then he got real sick, he told me.
And so, he was kind of bedridden for a little while.
He thought it was the vid.
But we chatted for 30 minutes.
It was good to catch up.
the vid. But we chatted for 30 minutes. It was good to catch up. And I just told R.A., we'd like to see you get back in the mix. And obviously, he agrees with that. He knows there's
still some work to be done. There's still a couple of things in his personal life he's looking to
iron out and feel a little bit better about himself. But he's doing good, sounded good.
I mentioned to him to start blogging a
little bit and that'd be one way to, to kind of get back into the swing of things. And when he
did drop the Steven Seagal one and say classic RA fashion, I, I was talking about, you know,
the NHL and, and the next day he dropped a blog. Uh, it was about the Steven Seagal Blu-ray DVD
disc, uh, possible buying scenario. I don't exactly know.
What wasn't the blog I was looking for, but he's blogging.
He's blogging.
So I chatted with him, and we'll see what ends up happening as he continues to work on himself and some things in his life.
But he sounded good, and it was good to catch up with him.
So that's kind of where we're at right now with R.A.,
and I wish him and all of you guys a very Merry Christmas,
a Happy New Year.
It's an amazing time of year to kind of reflect on the year that was.
Personally, maybe your business-wise or your profession,
but it's an amazing time to spend with family and friends.
I hope everyone listening is able to do that and able to enjoy themselves.
And final thing, live show Chicago, boys.
Live show Chicago.
We got 140 tickets left.
Shorzy, come on down from Denver.
Or come on up.
Whatever the hell.
Stapleton is such a beauty.
I spent like three or four weeks with him in Minsk where he played during a world championship.
So he was like the king of the city.
And no one else could even navigate how to get down the street.
And he had people picking him up. and he treated everyone very well there.
So he is the man.
Tell him I said hello.
One other thing, Spangler Cups around the holidays.
Did you get a chance to play in a Spangler?
I did see that you won a championship playing in the Swiss A League.
Yeah.
MVP of the Spangler Cup actually for Davos.
Whoa.
Good for you, Shorzy. Did you play the whole season with you season with davos no i just went there so it was weird my first year in cloten i like davos basically takes a
bunch of imports from the other teams to like try and have like the best group of players because
there's not an import limit in the tournament but it was an amazing experience uh my wife and i got
picked up like on a horse for like instead of an
uber like from the hotel like you can call like a horse to like basically pick you up and like
take you to a cool restaurant for dinner um it was awesome and canada throws like a new year's
eve party there every year so it was like nice like you're over there by yourself and then like
30 canadians come over um and we had a blast on new year's eve with like team canada so it was
awesome that might have been why justin schultz retired is he ordered an uber and a fucking
a client what do they clydesdale showed up yeah and he's like all right i'm going home
i'm going he's like i've had no you probably got he probably sat on the bus from four hours from
like lugana to cloten got hit from behind it was just like all right i'm trying like some fucking swiss
rat forward and just was like all right i'm good like well we got um chicklet you michigan state
thursday at noon on the youtube channel we got live show tickets available in chicago don't
forget the sandbagger and the sandbagger if you haven't watched it yet what a match what a match
that was oh my god we talked with avery quick but darcy tucker and stumpy
steve thomas two great guys went down to the 19th hole check that thing out if you haven't and
shorzy thank you very much buddy it's been a while we appreciate you coming on yep thanks for having
me on uh glad to hear you guys are doing well and merry christmas everyone thank you so much
everyone have a great new year and a great christmas and hanukkah wherever you celebrate
enjoy it love you all Thank you so much. Everyone have a great new year and a great Christmas and Hanukkah, wherever you celebrate. Enjoy it.
Love you all. Thank you. The other way It's feeling so hard to break
I'll get you someday
