Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode is brought to you by Warrior Hockey.
Warrior has just released the Covert QRL SE Stick, which is white and awesome looking,
and the Alpha AK-27 SL Stick Gold, used to be used by Alexey Kovalev with the dirtiest mitts of all time, possibly.
So Warrior Hockey is the
best out there for equipment. I've used it. I love it. The Covert QRL SE features, this is the white
stick, the same lightning quick release and technology as the Covert QRL stick Warrior
released in 2016. It's used by guys like Joe Pavelski, Dustin Bufflin, and Patrick Eves.
It's a very, very good stick if you want to really be able to handle the puck,
if you want to have touch around the net.
It's perfect for that.
The Alpha AK-27 stick is awesome.
Like I said, it was the one Alexey Kovalev used.
It's based on a pro construction that Warrior has offered in Europe since 2015.
The senior stick is 40 grams lighter than the current Alpha QX Pro stick.
40 grams, that's a lot of weight right there.
Warrior equipment is currently used by over 250 NHL players,
including Brad Marchand, Nick Backstrom, Blake Wheeler, Johnny Goudreau,
Eric Carlson, and Jonathan Quick.
That's a decent list, no?
So go to WarriorHockey.com and check it out.
This stuff's the best. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode Adam McQuaid, 54.
Oh, waiter.
Of course you remember the bro.
Hey, what up?
What up?
What up?
Hello, gentlemen.
Who do you got for a 54?
I don't know if you remember a very solid
defenseman who went through some tough times, I
think. Paul Ranger played for Tampa.
He was really good. And I don't remember
he left the game for a little
bit and then he came back, but he was actually a
sick player for a while. That's a pull.
We were just talking before we went live
is that
especially me growing up, there weren't
a lot of high numbers.
I mean, Gretzky, 99, Mario was 66.
And then everybody was a regular number.
And I was just saying to Grinnell, Harry Sinden,
he gets picked on a lot in this town,
but he definitely knew a lot about the game.
And he felt that players wearing a high number would stand out,
which you would because no one else had them.
And, you know, I think it was more of a team thing. It was just old school.
But, I mean, I think it was so sick,
old school memory when Ray Bork took off the seven,
77 underneath so Espo could raise his jersey.
What a legendary move.
And then 77 looked awesome too.
Like right away you loved it for Bork.
That was fantastic.
You know, Espo, he's still like, it's kind of sad.
He kind of like just views Boston
as another stop in his career instead of like.
He's so fucking funny, that guy.
I was watching on the Hall of Fame night when they did the interviews leading in.
And E.J. Raddick from NHL Network interviewed him.
And he says, you know, yeah, because he pretty much brought Tampa Bay.
He brought the lightning there.
Yeah, absolutely.
So they were talking about that.
And he's like, it's so great how great we're doing now.
And what are they going to do if things don't
go good? What are they going to do, fire me?
I don't care. Look how old I am.
He's just like, you know,
he's just a man. I would love that he was around
if he was around Boston a little bit more.
Yeah, he has a statue down there
out in front of the stadium.
Yeah, he was, I think, well, the founder.
Actually, I'd hang out with him where my statue was.
If I didn't have one in Boston, I'd probably, yeah, I have a statue in this town.
That's why I live down here.
Yeah, it's crazy.
Well, he actually, he came up with the name Tampa Bay Lightning.
That's his doing.
And you know how, like, this is like perfect Esposito story.
He was like at his house in Tampa looking out over, you know, over the Gulf of Mexico
on one of those like crazy Florida lightning storms and just looking out. Boom, seeing the lightning on the Gulf of Mexico. And of those crazy Florida lightning storms and just looking out, boom,
seeing the lightning on the Gulf of Mexico,
and boom, that was it, Tampa Bay lightning.
That's legit how they got there, man.
Sometimes easy things happen to great people.
Yeah, but yeah, he just...
Bang home rebounds in front of that.
Same thing, tapping them in.
Yeah, I know he's still better.
I read his book a few years ago.
I think Booch wrote it, whatever.
John Bucciarati wrote it.
And yeah, he just like... Because Sinden told him he was never going to trade him, and he didn't.
Like a good old Italian old guy, he's still stubborn about it.
Yeah, whatever, dude.
Everyone gets traded.
Fuck Gretzky got traded.
But anyways...
Yeah, hey, well, that went off on a tangent.
And speaking of...
Hey, that's what we do here.
Speaking of old school, Radko Gudis went a little old school fucking last week when he
looked like he was doing...
Spoiler alert. Radko Gudis is a little old school fucking last week when he looked like he was doing spoiler alert.
Radko Gudis is a piece of shit.
Dude, like that was full out fucking, again, spoiler alert.
Ned Stock fucking right there, like when he took that swing, dude.
Ten games.
I'm honestly surprised it wasn't more.
That's the minimum it should have been.
Yeah, I actually, right away I was like, oh, that's five.
And then I thought more.
I'm like, oh, no, no, that's way more.
Ten, because George Paros, you know, took over the player safety.
And right away, he said, we're going to really get away with, like, dirty stick type incidents.
Yeah.
That have nothing to do with hockey.
As opposed to a check to the head in a really fast play, like a slash or a spear.
Like, that's one thing.
So then, right away, I'm like, yeah, at least ten.
The best part, did you see his reaction?
He basically said to the ref, what do you want me to do?
It was almost like he just tripped him
and was almost looking at the ref like,
oh, he stepped on my stick.
The same type of reaction after he just tomahawked his neck.
Here it is, by the way, as we watch it.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
It came right from his ear.
Yeah.
Oh, it was like slamming down on your driver
when you hit a bad drive,
when you see people pop it up.
That's exactly how he did it. So good for him. 10 games off. I was like slamming down on your driver when you hit a bad drive. When you see people pop it up, that's exactly how he did it.
So good for him.
Ten games off.
I was actually working that night.
Don't worry about it.
On television.
And he, right away, I was ripping him.
And the producer's like, this is great.
This is great.
I'm like, well, what did you think?
I'm going to say, oh, yeah, I don't know.
They're trying to play the safe side.
Yeah, you're going to coach him or something.
You know what I mean?
He fucking.
I tried to chop the guy's head off and then was wondering what what did you want me to do exactly there's
a paul paul fucking bunion impression there's something about him though that he like when
he's in the lineup yeah he's a scumbag you know he he's thrown some very dirty like scummy hits
but he's pretty he's pretty effective too like when he plays he's his i remember when you hear
about like the stat the stat geeks to Corsi.
At least last year, his Corsi was awesome.
So, apparently, like, he does make a difference.
But he just has this...
He's missing, like, a chromosome or something in his brain.
What about his Fenwood?
Dude, exactly.
Same type thing.
But who knows?
But all I'm saying is that guy has serious issues.
Because he just can't even control himself.
We'll legit...
Like, it's fine.
We'll legit block on, like, Twitter. Look at how much he has,. We're legit blocked on Twitter by Corsi people.
You know when someone gets retweeted, but if they block you,
you can't see the fucking tweet, so I'll just go to a dummy account.
And it's like, wow, people really don't like when we talk fucking about Corsi,
which is hilarious because none of the players understand or even care for you.
So I guess me bringing that up. I'm looking for the positives understand or even care for either. So, yeah, so I guess me bringing that up.
I'm looking for the positives for Radko, I guess.
Yeah, no, you're right.
He's a good player in a lot of regards, except for when he does that fucking crazy shit on Matt Cook.
But it's kind of perfect he plays in Philadelphia, right?
I mean, it's just Philadelphia.
Perfect fucking player for a perfect fucking city.
What did you think of that?
Radko Gunis.
He's a scumbag.
That's perfect.
I know.
I couldn't say it better myself.
Complete scumbag.
I do think, though,
Philly's kind of a fun team
to watch this year.
I had fun.
That first line is so sick
with Vorchek,
Couturier,
and Giroud.
Couturier is unreal.
Hoots.
He's a funny-looking prick.
He was a high pick. Yeah, Bobby Clark. Legit.
He never really had done much
offensively, and this year he's going to crush
all of his career highs. He's
finally kind of getting the chance to play on the top line,
and then Voracek and
Simmons, not Simmons, I'm sorry,
Voracek and Giroux, they have this
unreal chemistry. So Philly's actually a fun
team to watch. There's a actually a fun team to watch.
There's a lot of fun teams to watch.
Like we were talking right before we came on, St. Louis, man.
This team's a wagon.
They just put a beating on the Oilers.
This was Wednesday night.
Yeah, Wednesday night.
And that's like you were just saying.
I had the blues, by the way.
We were talking.
What did you get on the puck line on Wednesday night?
What was your return?
145.
I got him plus 200.
He got him plus 200.
He got it in early.
On the puck line.
Oh, I didn't look at the puck line.
Money line.
I looked at money line.
Minus 145.
Oh, that's still a cheap price.
Yeah, that was like St. Louis at home.
I was like, Edmonton's reeling.
Talk about reeling.
We can get into them. But I do want to get into St. Louis just quickly. No, no, Edmonton's reeling. Talk about reeling. We can get into them.
But I do want to get into St. Louis just quickly because... No, no, let's talk about them a bit.
They deserve more than just...
So after Philly, who I just named, they got some big-time forwards at top line,
and then they got Simmons.
So they traded Braden Shen, though,
and I don't know if you've watched him this year for the Blues.
He's dominating games, and he's playing with Tarasenko and Jaden Schwartz
and they have this ridiculous connection.
And Shen was, I would say,
stolen by Doug Armstrong from Philadelphia.
He gave up...
Yeah, what did he give up for him again?
Jory or Jory...
Look up Jory Latera, who was with the Blues
making four and a half or maybe
a little more for the next two years.
Didn't do much offensively in St. Louis.
They traded him and they traded a first-round pick this year,
which was like the 27th pick.
They took a kid that I need you to look up, Matt, I think something.
He's in the OHL.
So he's kind of a, you know, he's a late first-round pick.
You never know.
And then they traded their first-round pick for this year.
So St. Louis is going to end up probably being the 25th, 26th pick again.
They're going to be top of the standings all year.
Right, right.
And they got this Shen who's a stud.
I mean, he can fight.
He can skate.
He's scoring.
Last night he had four points. I'm sorry, Wednesday night he had four points in the drumming of the Edmonton Oilers.
By the way, people think I have a grudge when I'm like,
Edmonton looks horrible when I read it on Twitter.
No, I don't have a grudge.
They look horrible.
They were one of the top
three teams' odds
to win the Cup.
Yeah, we'll get to that
when we get to the shit.
Yeah, we'll save that
for when we talk about
the shitty teams so far.
What's up, Mike?
Braden Chen has 30 points
this season.
30 points.
30 points.
30 points.
And can you quickly
look up the kid's name?
I want to shout out
the kid's name.
That he traded for?
Gary Letera, you were right.
No, no, no.
They picked him this summer in the draft.
He plays in the OHL, but either way.
So St. Louis, though, and they got Bo Meister back Wednesday night.
They are an awesome team.
Jake Allen and Nett, they're just really fun to watch.
And someone that's like, they're not going away.
No, and Braden Shen, I think he actually had a couple of real good last two years in Philly.
Didn't he have 30 at least one of the years?
26 and 25 his last two in
Philly, but I think he kind of, you know, because
it's Philly, he flew under the radar because they haven't
made any impact. And he hammers people, too. He goes in and he'll
fucking hammer guys on a four check and he'll
fight occasionally. Like, he's a perfect
guy for St. Louis, too. Yeah, he's been putting
this role and he's making it work. I mean,
Jaden Schwartz, another guy who's having a great year.
He's got 11, 19, 30 points total.
He has an amazing story.
His sister, who played hockey at Yale, she passed away a few years ago.
Yeah, passed away, right. I remember that.
I'm pretty sure he wears 17 in her honor.
Awesome guy.
I've honestly met him for probably three weeks total, but great guy, funny.
And he's lighting it up.
And then they have Stastny
and Steen on another line
who are veterans that are having a great year. Steen's
an animal. So that team,
this could maybe be St. Louis' year.
If you look at Denver-Chicago right now,
I think St. Louis would pound Chicago if they
played them in a seven-game series.
Granted, there's, what, 50 games left? How many games
have been played for most teams?
Anywhere between 19 and 22, 23 it's about about a quarter of the way through the season and if you
say quarter poll somebody will point out that's not what quarter poll means quarter polls are
horse raisins around but people doesn't mean the quarter through the race it's like the quarter
mile marker on the field oh that's so stupid why don't you just have it be a quarter of the whole
thing well that's you just don't say quarter, Paul. You just say quarter of the season.
Or I'll just say it, and then if someone says you're wrong,
I'll be like, no, you're wrong, because this sounds
perfect for all the time. I'm going to dumb you. By the way,
Witts looks like fucking Dustin
from Stranger Things. We're going to have to tweet out a picture
of him. He's got a Dustin hat.
You should let your Jew fro grow
out a little like Dustin did. You look just like him.
This is my buddy's initials.
Corey Griffin that I was talking about.
Oh, no shit.
That is a sharp looking lid.
But it's the same color scheme that Dustin had.
Did you finish Stranger Things, by the way?
Yes, I did.
All right.
We'll talk about that.
Quickly also before we get into something else.
I apparently am a Muppet.
I said that Anthony Manta was Mo Manta's son.
I thought Anthony Manta was Mo Manta's son
I think I've been told that or maybe I just imagined it
I've been told on Twitter numerous times it's not
Yes
He's still a sick player
I feel way worse if I said something bad about him
Saying his dad was somebody it isn't
Hey Mo
No no no
Vancouver is another surprise team.
We'll get to them.
But no, not done with St. Louis.
Wednesday night, Vladimir Tarasenko.
Someone asked us, it wasn't an ask.
All right, Hamilton was like, do you think he gets enough doing?
Yeah, I think people know who Tarasenko is.
I think it's not like no one knows who the guy is.
He's got, what, 12 goals, 14 assists so far this year.
His first couple playoffs, he was nowhere to be found.
I think last year in the playoffs, he definitely had his presence felt.
St. Louis just, you know, ran into a tough squad in Nashville.
But, yeah, man, they're a team.
It's felt like next year, you know, better luck next year has been the theme for the Blues.
For a long time.
Well, since, you know, basically since they've been in existence.
I mean, they got to those two early Stanley Cups because of the way the conferences were set up.
Imagine they put all the expansion teams in one division
and all the other teams in another division,
another conference.
And it was just a shit-kicking every year in the finals?
Exactly, yeah.
It was kind of a weird way to do it.
But the Blues, yeah, they're a team that certainly paid their dues.
The fan base has paid their dues.
And I think it would be nice for those guys to go on a run.
But still a long ways to go.
Oh, and Morgan Frost
is the player that they picked.
That's the first guy in the return of the draft picks
for Shen, so let's see how he plans out.
But right now, he's made
a huge difference, and they didn't give up much
to get him. And they certainly look good.
As of now. I mean, not that it was
a huge controversy,
but they had Jake Allen and
Brian Elliott.
Sometimes you realize it's this guy's time.
This guy's ready. Right. I mean, Elliott, I think he's
still a good goalie, but they were sold on Allen
before he had, I'd say, a complete
body of work. But man, that kid, I think he's
probably one of the more unheralded goaltenders
in the NHL today. Same here.
Similar to what Tampa
did with Vasilevsky and Bishop.
Yeah.
This year,
they're like,
Vasilevsky's,
how do we say that wrong?
He's ready.
So it's like,
you know,
Bishop moved on,
he's with Dallas.
It was just kind of
how it goes.
So two goalies
that have kind of
been given the role
and just ran with it
this year.
Being their first year
as full-time starters.
Shout out to Bishop
playing a nice game
in the cage
Wednesday night
for Dallas.
I had him say a prayer to our blessed lady of the unguarded cage.
Three to one.
Old friend Tyler Sagan coming with an ENG for us.
Oh, it was the empty net goal.
That's so nice.
They missed two of them from fucking like the circle.
And then it was like don't even do this to me again.
Watching them miss a couple, you're like it's not going to happen.
It's not the worst when it's a two on O and they can't fucking score.
And those players want that just as bad as the gamblers do because it's an easy point.
Absolutely.
I don't care what anyone says.
I watched Radulov last night.
He was open for the pass.
And you see how hard he went?
Yeah.
And guys on the bench, you've got to laugh.
You're like, you want empty net points.
People who say they don't are lying.
Well, I've heard, you know, fans are like, oh, it's an empty net.
But that doesn't matter.
I mean, I've talked to players, and that goal is appreciated and counts as much as if it's a snipe on a top flight goal because it's a goal.
It's a goal.
Maybe I'm using hyperbole, but I'm saying I think players appreciate it more than fans do.
At the end of the year, you get 34 goals, you get 34
goals. Yeah, maybe six of them are empty netters.
But they're ceiling wins, though.
Sometimes it's an empty netter with
a minute and 40 seconds left. That's a long
time in a game to still
have a team to come back. You've got another goal.
No, I don't. They're big.
They're big. And I'm a degenerate.
I want fucking empty netters.
Appreciated more than a big-time end-to-end rush and a sneak would be, I would say, not true.
I don't know.
I would say not true.
You're going to die in Miyako.
By the way, hold on.
I just thought of something.
90-91, Brett Hall's 86th goal year, which is second to Gretzky's 92 year.
He didn't have an empty net goal or a shorthanded goal.
And I believe Gretzky had probably 20 combined to those when he had 92.
So you're saying Brett Hall's better than Gretzky?
No.
In the spin zone.
I'm just saying that that was an underappreciated 86.
Absolutely.
86 goals is fucking sick, dude.
I mean, we were just talking about Espo.
He had the record 76 for fucking eons, man.
Imagine fucking 76 goals back in the 70s
that's living
have Bobby
fucking taking
care of you all
night
who actually
the other team
that's well neck
and neck I mean
you talk about
fucking dream
matchup right now
how good would it
be to see Tampa
Bay versus St.
Louis in the
cup final
what Stevie
why is that
you know it's
nuts if you hear
if like a random
hockey fan hears
that that I don't
think it's like into
a certain team,
they'd probably be like, what?
Because it's just Tampa Bay, St. Louis.
It doesn't sound good, but the hockey would be incredible.
So you can get past all the every year you talk about matchups.
I think I heard somebody the other day talk about possible teams.
I don't remember who it was.
They're like, oh, maybe it could be Anaheim and Tampa this year, you know?
And someone's like, are you kidding me?
Imagine if they played. I'm like, that'd be awesome.
I think we've talked about this
before. Oh, there's nothing worse than, unless you're
a fucking fan who works at NBC,
I don't want to hear you bitching about ratings.
Oh, dude, the ratings are going to suck. It's like, what
the fuck do you care? Who cares?
Who cares if the ratings fucking suck?
Who cares? I can't, as Mott's would say.
I can't.
He's the best.
It's like two teams who won.
Who cares if it's Anaheim and Ottawa like it was in 07?
It's like, I don't give a fuck about NBC's ratings.
They're going to be what they're going to be.
The same two teams are going to play.
Fucking just, it annoys me to no end when people bitch about the fucking ratings like that.
But actually, going back to Tarasenko, too, man, Wednesday night,
he got a Gordie Howe hat trick.
Not a guy you expect to really drop the gloves.
Who was it that come at him?
Too, Benning, the fucking  I almost said Vancouver because I think they
drafted him, but he come at him.
His dad was the GM in Vancouver, wasn't he?
Yeah, the one who used to be in Boston.
Yeah.
And, you know, he fucking stuck out for himself,
threw some fucking mitts there for a second.
It was pretty, I mean, anytime you get a Gordie Howe hat trick, it's cool.
And don't you think that jacks up the team when you see a guy,
like your best player drop the mitts for, you know, someone else?
Absolutely do.
Actually, I was going to try to take a quick peek at the box score from what the score
was.
That was me going away because now if I get a call from my wife, I have to take it.
And she didn't answer when I called her back.
So if she calls back, I'll answer.
See, I wasn't going to throw you under the bus.
We were carrying on without you.
I actually just the other day looked at it.
She was calling.
And I was just like with one of my buddies.
And I just let it ring and just did an answer.
And then I was like, oh, shit, I got to pick these up now.
Yep, so I can't send you the voicemail anymore, honey.
That'd be great content, though, if you got the call live on the podcast.
That would be.
Let's see.
Get a quick interview with Baby Wits.
What did I miss?
What did I miss?
No, I actually want to go back and give Tara Sagan.
Sagan being a boss?
Oh, Tara Sagan.
Just props for his Gordie Howe hat trick on Wednesday night.
They're chucking him.
Yeah.
With Matt Benning of the Oilers?
Yeah, I mean, Benning come right at him, dude.
And, you know, the tank is ready to rock and roll.
And then, I mean, like Grinelli made the point that that gives the team a lift.
And I was saying that fight happened 6-55 into the second period.
And they ended up scoring fucking five more goals afterwards.
So, yeah, I would say Grinnelly fucking nailed that one.
Five more goals after that.
He chucked them good.
Well, how pumped do you get?
Like, are you like, oh, shit, don't break your hand,
don't break your hand, or are you like, let's go, let's go?
I think it's a little of both.
Like, I remember seeing Sid fight a couple of times.
You're like, well, yeah, once everything's okay,
you're just like, fucking right.
But, like, at the time, I guess, like, the coach is probably the one you're just like fucking right but like at the
time i guess like the coach is probably the one that's just like oh my god oh my god please but
like i love that you know guys like jamie ben and gets laugh and guys that do it occasionally
that are superstars those that's the best because you know that even the coach could never stop them
from doing it they're pissed off and they play they play mean but it's just like there is a
worry as it's going you're like like, oh my god, fuck.
That guy's giving me easy
tap-ins. Please don't get hurt. I won't
have them anymore. Dude, there was a quick moment
Wednesday night, Dallas-Montreal game
where Jordy Ben gave
Jamie Ben a nice little thump on the boards
and they kind of gave each other a little shove
and then Radulov comes over
to the defense of Jamie Ben and grabs
Jordy. And Jordy just kind of like wrapped him up a little bit. He was laughing. I mean, you know, Radulov comes over to the defense of Jamie Benn and grabs Jordy.
And Jordy just kind of like wrapped him up a little bit.
He was laughing.
I mean, you know, Radulov's not like a fucking little shit.
He's a fucking, he's a good-sized guy.
He's an animal, too.
He's big.
But it's actually pretty funny.
I'm sure there's a gif out there.
Like, you know, Jordy Benn just kind of, he's laughing in his face.
But he was coming to the defense of him hitting his brother, man.
It was fucking pretty cool.
Radulov is unreal.
I didn't know.
He's fucking talented.
He is awesome.
When he went back to Montreal, I was like, I don't know.
And I saw him in the KHL.
It was a joke.
It was like fucking Grinnelli going and playing like peewees right now or something.
You just light everyone up or maybe mites.
Damn right I would.
But listen, he was dominating so but i'm
still like it's such a different game over there you can just hold on to the puck and
he came back and dominated i mean at times dominated last year's montreal and he's been
sick with dallas like he has this connection i think with sagan it seems like and credit to him
because when he left nashville remember how much of his he was considered the biggest laziest
reputation and he was out before playoff games he didn't give a shit he's psychotic too though i how much of his... He was considered the biggest, laziest scumbag. Reputation and tatters.
He was out before playoff games.
He didn't give a shit.
He's psychotic too, though.
I don't know if you've ever...
Have we ever talked about
the slash of his coach on this?
Can we get a...
One of my favorite
YouTubes of all time.
He's in the KHL
and the coach is talking to him
and it looks like
he's probably giving him shit
and he straight up
turned around
and two hands the guy
right in the neck.
Oh my...
You gotta Google it right now
so you can see. We gotta dig that up. Oh, my. Well, we got to dig. Google it right now so you can see.
We got to dig that up.
But, oh, actually, Grinnelli's bottle of water.
KHL style.
In my cup of tea.
They're actually not.
We're drinking Montreal tears out of those cups this morning.
Now, they're watching that game last night.
And, you know, Jordy Ben's a good, you know, defensive defenseman,
a guy, you know, that's great to have in your top six.
But he's really probably not a top two guy or top one.
No, no, he's a 5'6 guy.
And they got him playing in their top pair.
He's had a really good career.
Joe Morrow in their top four, and then they got to see Radulov,
because I don't know what the Canadians couldn't or wouldn't sign him.
He's out there having a damn good game for Montreal.
They actually didn't play that bad last night.
The kid Lindgren played a pretty good game for Montreal. They actually didn't play that bad last night. The kid Lindgren played a pretty good game for them.
That's a USA kid, too, that's just worked his way in
and been awesome since Price has gone down.
Yeah, he's been good.
But, dude, like we talked about before, that roster in Claude,
it just seemed like a bad match, bad comma since they traded P.K.
And he's got five years making five sheets a year, Claude.
Like, he doesn't give a shit
if they fire him. Yeah, exactly.
He'll be collecting from three teams
fucking soon enough. I mean, because
they're dropping in
habs. I mean, they got 18
points in 22 games. They're third
from the fucking bottom
in the East.
I mean, they could hypothetically go on a run and, you know, jump back in it.
But they started playing better from the beginning here when it was a nightmare.
Remember, that start was so bad.
So they've been a little better.
And that's when they had Price, too.
Their problems are much deeper than not having Price because, you know, a game like last Wednesday, Lindgren, he put them in a position to win the game.
And they just can't score.
Their defense is a mess. and I fucking love it.
Yeah, yeah.
And the other team that we're getting questions about, well, a couple,
but Buffalo, that's been so far, like, you know, the fans up there are pissed off.
Right.
I mean, we've gotten plenty of questions where, you know,
it was a bigger year to step, you know, to get things going.
But, like, for me, I didn't expect that this year
they were going to really improve that much.
I think it's a process there.
If I'm a Buffalo fan, yeah, the start is bad.
But their power play is last in the league right now.
So last year was first.
That makes no sense.
That's confusing to me.
And they've
they've had trouble with injuries Bogosian hasn't played uh that wrist alignment on D he's missed a
ton of time now uh Patrick what is it's not Patrick Nathan Boil I can never say his last
name right either he's good though and he's missed games so it's like I don't know I don't know like
I I didn't plan on Buffalo being that much better this year.
And yeah, people are saying Eichel's playing bad.
He's on average, right now he's on pace for 75 points.
And he hasn't played his best yet.
So it's like, I don't know.
It's at some point going to even itself out.
And also, they have William Nylander's brother, who's unbelievable.
Grinnelli, I'm sorry, look up his name. I can't even think, who's unbelievable. Grinnelli, I'm sorry,
look up his name.
I can't even think
of his first name.
Grinnelli, you're
doing work today.
Fucking hopping
today.
You're doing work
today.
And Casey Middlestad
from Minnesota, who's
sick.
So when they get
those two guys in,
their future, I think,
is fine.
I think people, and
probably myself included,
is that you're
expecting what we've seen at Edmonton you're expecting what we've seen
at Edmonton and McDavid, what we've seen in Toronto,
not just Matthews, not just McDavid.
Alex Neylander, sorry.
We've seen these teams that have been at the bottom of the standings
turn around relatively quickly.
Of course, Edmonton did a complete boomerang and fucking dropped back again.
Again, we'll get to them in a little bit.
So I think maybe people are like, oh, well, the same thing's going to happen
with Eichel.
This year you've got a new coach, new GM, new system.
Everything kind of new being implemented.
It's a fresh start.
I mean, I take a look, though, at the roster,
and the most glaring issue that jumps out to me is the goaltending.
And, you know, I mean, Robin Lane, they got him in a number one role.
I don't know that he's in number one.
Well, he's an RFA.
This is a year, so, like so play good and earn your contract.
He's been good
though. He's had some bad games,
but on the whole, he's been pretty good, but the bad
games have been real bad, if that makes sense.
You know what I mean?
I think that's a spot they're going to need
a long-term solution at some point
and you could build around it.
Like what Pittsburgh did with Marc-Andre Fleury. He had a
real couple first tough years because the team,
well, they weren't fucking the Penguins yet.
They had to get Sid, they had to get Malcolm,
they had to put the whole thing together.
But he struggled early, but he's an elite talent.
He showed that he was worth the pick.
Lane, he's a guy who kind of,
I just don't know if he's going to be the number one long-term solution.
Leonard, yeah, I don't know.
If you're not getting number one goalt goal, then that just affects the whole team.
And your power play's not good.
That's just what it is.
I don't think they're this bad.
I mean, it's kind of  Phil Housley's probably like,
Jesus, I had this wagon in Nashville who looks sick again,
and I'm just dealing with a team whose roster isn't there yet.
It's going to take a little time.
Right, right.
I think that's what it is.
People think it's going to happen just overnight.
That was kind of a new thing
Where teams got a superstar and were good right away
And not even right away
It takes a year or two
So Buffalo, don't flip out
Just go on Chippewa Street and get smothered per usual
Yeah, alright
Oh yeah, we got Ryan Malone coming on
Did we mention that before?
No, of course me and you, we get fucking easily distracted
Yeah, that's what we forgot to say.
Your old teammate, Ryan
Bugsy Malone is going to be joining us shortly.
Making a push to get on the Olympic team.
We'll talk to him. He should be calling right
now. Bugsy Malone.
This interview with Ryan
Malone is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing
but there's a simpler way to buy
with SeatGeek. SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL club, SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year, and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for great value.
I have the SeatGeek app on my phone,
and it's just by far and away the easiest I've found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere, and with just a few taps, I can instantly find seats.
I actually just used SeatGeek to buy tickets to the Bruins'
blackout Friday game against the Penguins.
SeatGeek is designed to make your ticket-buying experience easier than ever.
Best of all, my listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
Right seat, right now, right from your phone.
SeatGeek.
And now we are pleased to bring in my good friend, Bugsy Malone, my man, the myth, the legend.
How you doing, Ryan?
I'm doing great, Ryan. Thanks for having me.
Oh, it's so great to have you on.
You know, we've talked about you for quite a while.
So I said, listen, we got to get him on.
I think around Thanksgiving he'll be willing, you know.
So first tell us, where are you at right now?
You at Minnie? I am down, just left Minnie.
Where are you at right now?
You with Minnie?
I am down.
Just left Minnie.
I'm down in Wellington, Florida at my fiance's place here to spend the holiday.
Thanksgiving, then I head back.
Are you cooking?
Head back up and then down to Iowa.
How is Iowa going?
Iowa's going good.
They've been coached there.
And then Chuck Fletcher, there's been a good opportunity before. I went over
to that Deutschland Cup to get some games in
and now we're kind of just setting the plan
here for the rest of the way.
I just let them know that I'm kind of on board
for the season, Olympics
or not. It's been really fun
getting the skates back on
and having fun with the fellas.
So Ryan, you were away from professional hockey
for like two full years, correct?
Yes.
Wow.
Did you stay in shape?
No, tell them what you did.
Tell them what you did to work out, Ryan.
Tell them you worked out.
That's fucking crazy, man.
Actually, I probably took six months off, and then the body wasn't feeling too good,
and I really got into golf, and I started doing golf workouts and yoga and all that good stuff more for golf but then when I found out with the
Olympic team not taking NHL players or guys on two ways I figured I didn't feel so bad I actually
feel a lot better than I did my last few years so I figured I'd give it a shot and see where things go. So, okay, so when we were in Pittsburgh together,
Ryan would have certain days that he was,
your feet were a little slow.
So we called you Sandman sometimes.
Do you?
I think I gave that name to myself.
I'm like, did someone put sand in my toque?
That's it.
Some mornings I think, who filled my skates up with sand?
How are the boots now?
Not the best nickname.
How are the boots now?
They actually feel a lot better, actually.
My fiance made me get some bad varicose veins in my legs.
And pretty much, I went to a specialist, got them done,
and they kind of just burned them closed.
And then they kind of, the blood rerouted itself.
So she made me get it done.
We went to a specialist.
He was like, for 20 years, like you have legs like a 70-year-old lady.
I'm like, oh, okay, great.
That's hot.
But so that happens.
I think that helps a little bit definitely with the circulation
so my cankles aren't as cankly.
Okay, okay, okay.
So the cankles have gone down a little bit.
Now tell me, I've seen a couple clips of you dummying people in the AHL.
You still have that fire in you, huh?
Or are you defending guys?
The first one was more defending Cooney there um it was just getting the replay
you're getting like his back you got like four serious cross checks he doesn't even get a
penalty so i just kind of stepped in and i think wrestling with my two kids uh knuckle sandwiches
helps you know so i'm used to watching four punches coming at me so they're just two so i
think that's helped all right so tell me tell me, like, in the fighting aspect,
I'm going to bring back a quick little time when you started, like,
becoming like I'm going to fight like five to ten times every year in
Pittsburgh.
And remember when you fought Mike Rupp?
Yes, I do.
I still tell guys that story.
Can you tell us that story, please?
Well,
I think we were probably losing, I assume.
We were losing the goal line.
We got the game. He got
called up from the East Coast. It was his first game
in a while. Do you remember it?
Yes, the goalie.
Yeah, do you remember what the goalie's name
was? Danny Sabourin.
Sabourin.
Sabourin.
Coach has given a big rah-rah speech you know
just because you know he's worked he's bad like it up here let's go play for for him and
and then he's looking around the room he's like some guys in this room have tattoos and think
they're tough and i'm like i'm the only guy with one tattoo in here. Yeah.
So, and I think the first shift,
Stavron comes out of the net,
passes it right on the table like Rick Nash,
back of the net.
So I just remember we were like down 3-0,
like in, I don't know, whenever it was.
Like four minutes.
The first minute of the game.
And then I asked Rupp to fight,
and he was like, serious, Bugsy?
I'm like, yeah.
And then all I remember is he actually just landed a jab on my chin,
and I think that buckled me, and then he landed a solid right one punch that split me open for like 50 zippers above my left eye, below my eye.
And all I remember is I'm on my knees, and I'm trying to still punch,
and I hit the ref in the
middle of the back they only kind of punch and then i just skated off and then that was it got
the zippers and even mario i remember coming down i was like what were you doing i'm like well you
know i had to do something i didn't know what else to do so then i learned how to fight but then i
learned how to fight after that okay uh you oh and you became you became very good i'll always say that you're a tough motherfucker bugsy but but
i quickly you just mentioned him so you have the special um i don't know what's the word special
ability you get to say that you played with mario lemieux like not only just like i got to play like
eight games with him you played i think what a, what, a season and a half? And for some reason, I got to Pittsburgh,
and Bugsy was like a 12-year vet,
and it was like his second year.
He was treating me like a complete pigeon.
And I found out that his rookie year,
he was sitting next to Mario Lemieux on the plane.
Ace.
Both Bugsy and Ace.
He didn't make him go in the bathroom?
How did you become such good boys with Ace?
Oh, I think my
roommate was Kelly Buckberger.
Tough dude.
And Mark Bergeman. I think they needed
a guy for hearts. It's a game of hearts
they always play. So they're like, oh, you know how to
play hearts? So I'm like, thank God I played on a
computer. Sure.
I should always play hearts. And they must have
rung me every trip for like probably a
grand. And I was like, I don't care.
I haven't played cards with all these guys.
But they like Mario knew, like he counted cards.
I mean, they were into it.
You know, obviously, the more you play cards on the buses,
the better you get.
So it was a good learning experience,
and that's kind of how it kind of started.
Yes.
That's a hell of a feather to have in your cap.
You're like, I'll gladly pay this.
I'm playing cards with Mario Lemieux.
I pay more every week.
Yeah, and even Bergevin, I mean, I'm sure you've told some stories about him
just playing his last year when a great guy is in the room and kind of goofball.
And then, obviously, you know, he's done well in Montreal now to see him
do all that stuff.
It's been good.
Yeah, that's a solid foursome.
Now, Ryke, going back to your current deal and set up with Minnesota,
now suppose the Wild wanted to call you up.
Now, that would take away your chance to go to the Olympics.
Now, would you, I guess, rather be in the Olympics,
or would you take that call back to the NHL?
Is there, like, a preference you have,
or are you just going to kind of let the chips fall where they may or yeah i think uh maybe originally in camp if um
they wanted me right out of camp uh that would maybe a different story but i think now um you
know the main goal is obviously playing the olympics and there's still this time after
olympics to maybe hop on with the club if they want that.
So I think right now it would be just a tremendous honor to, you know,
we started in the Deutschland Cup there.
We didn't have the results we wanted, but I thought we had a great group of guys.
It would be nice to kind of get that group together again and, you know,
have some fun over in South Tria.
Who's coaching that team?
Tony Granato.
Oh, Bugsy, this would be your second Olympics? You got to's coaching that team? Tony Granato. Oh, Bugsy.
This would be your second Olympics.
You've got to be on that team, dude.
They've got to bring you. You'd be perfect.
Remember me and you running around Vancouver?
We were a great team, guys.
I mean, you need some blue guys, right?
You need some blue guys.
But I think, you know,
Gianca obviously is doing really well.
There's a lot of kids that are having some good college seasons as well,
and there's a bunch of great players over in Europe.
So, you know, I think I'm on the bubble,
and I just got to hopefully go back down to Iowa here
and, you know, show what I can do here
and hopefully get on the score sheet and try to contribute that way as well.
Well, that's great.
So he could hypothetically have you cake and eat it too.
I mean, obviously a lot
of things would need to play out, but that would be a hell of a
scenario for you.
Olympics, come home, and then do playoffs.
That'd be legendary, Bugsy. If anyone can do
it, it's you. I will say that.
Speaking of legendary,
are you aware about your video game appearance?
Have you heard about that yet?
Yeah, but dude, they ruined it for us.
They ruined it. I found out. Did you see
that? I did see it.
I think he had a sonar to tweet.
I saw it on social media somewhere. Yeah, but dude,
it's not as cool now because all you gotta do
is make a player and that sign is the
player you make in the game.
So they didn't
really love you that much, but somebody loved you
enough to make a fake player after your bugs.
Well, shout out to that, I guess.
Yeah.
Someone on the South Side, probably.
Alright, so we're going back.
Now we're going back to
young Bugsy days when you told me
you were the goofiest looking bastard ever
when you were 12 years old.
Weren't you like 6'4", 160 pounds?
Yeah, I was a late bloomer.
So what was your route? I know everyone, if people don't know. Yeah, I was a late bloomer.
So what was your route?
If people don't know, they played at St. Cloud State.
Give me your route to get there, where you played before that, and when you were like, alright, I think
I can play in the NHL. Because I don't think
it was right away, was it?
No, it was definitely
even after. I mean, I started in Pittsburgh
and then I did a year out at
Shattuck St. Mary's, and then a year in Omaha Lancers in the USHL.
Graduated high school from Omaha, and I did four years at St. Cloud, and then got drafted my year in Omaha.
So my dad was a head scout for the Penguins, and I kind of always been around the rink since I was a little kid.
My dad, after he played, was with the Pittsburgh organization for like 20 years.
So I kind of knew Eddie Johnson, Stevie Latton, the trainer, all the guys.
So getting drafted was a tremendous honor, and especially for, you know, your hometown team.
I thought it was obviously really special.
I think going to college, even after I got drafted, my dad was a scout,
so he was like, there's still first-rounders that get drafted,
and they don't make it.
So I didn't really think I had a signed spot or anything,
but I just had to keep working hard.
And then think about it, St. Cloud, we had a few guys turn pro,
sign contracts, and you see them on TV playing few guys turn pro, you know, sign contracts,
and you see them on TV playing the games.
Oh, Mark Hartigan?
No, they're doing it.
Mark Hartigan, Tyler Arneson, Doobie Westcott.
Tyler Arneson and that long stick he had.
Long stick, hardest snapper in the league.
He was nasty.
Yeah, he was a solid player. but i think once you see some of your
buddies you know that you train with and play with and go on and play then you're like okay
then you have a chance so it was definitely uh that's kind of when i first realized i had a
chance probably to do that oh that's just great bugs i can't even imagine now i i've heard you
had i actually know so i want to hear you tell me, you had a very good special goal celebration at St. Cloud one of your years.
What was that celebration?
That was North Dakota was like number one in the nation.
We had a little bit of a party about Parisi.
And he had like, whatever, 20 points in 10 games.
But at the time, they played like Mercyhurst and Quinnipiac.
And those years, they weren't as good as they are now they hadn't played st cloud at st cloud yet they hadn't
played st cloud so i think we were on the first game like i don't know six four something i think
i had like anyway i had a anyway hat trick um and then after my goal in front of the student
section probably from like the hash marks to the red line, I held the Captain Morgan pose all the way down.
All the way down the ice.
And that was probably my best celebration ever.
But I'm definitely too scared to ever do that in the pros.
But in college, I thought it was okay to be a little more cocky back in the day.
Now, Ryan slash Bugsy, I wanted to ask you about the nickname Bugsy.
Now, most of our listeners, I'm sure, don't know that there was a movie in 1976 called Bugsy Malone.
It was basically a gangster movie, but it was played by little kids playing the role of the gangsters.
It was popular because it had Scott Baio and Jody Foster in it.
Now, was that your father's nickname too,
or was that just a nickname given to you?
No, that was my father's nickname.
And then in the locker room, I was always Bugsy Jr.
And then when I made the team out of camp that one year,
they kind of dropped the junior.
And then I just got the Bugsy title. So it was my dad first, and then they kind of dropped the junior. And I just got the Bugsy title.
So it was my dad first, and then it kind of got passed on.
Have you ever actually seen the movie Bugsy Malone?
No, nobody has.
No.
Nobody listening has.
There's like a book too, right?
There's a book that we have.
But it's in Las Vegas.
Yeah, I'm sure you read the book, Bugsy.
I'm sure you read the book.
Let's talk about the book.
Let's do a book report.
It's sitting on the shelf.
I just thought maybe he's named after the movie.
Maybe he took an hour and a half out of his life
to see what the fuss was all about.
So, no, that was a little interesting.
R is a movie guy.
R is a movie guy.
And a nickname guy.
I think it's interesting to find out.
You know, they call this father.
Because I would assume, you know,
the movie came out in 76.
You were a little kid that it would make sense they'd call you it.
I just think it's interesting that they called his father.
Because Bugsy Malone wasn't a real person.
It wasn't like he was a real gangster.
We got it.
Go ahead.
Bugsy, tell me about your ability and love to play pranks.
Why did you do so many on me now that i can get this in a public forum like how many
what made me what made you give do it so often to me my rookie year well we had a lot of time
on our hands obviously and then you were just you know you like to talk a lot
i'm happy you found your calling after hockey but uh I think just from the pranks that the older guys played on me,
and then with you, it's just so funny to get your reaction.
I think everyone enjoyed seeing you get pranked as well.
So I think we went through maybe three pairs of dress shoes on you,
some clothes, and whatever else.
But it was, I don't know, just part of the fun of hanging out with the guys in the locker room
and kind of keeping everyone on their toes.
But, you know, it's all in good fun.
Oh, yeah, I know.
I mean, I really appreciated when you nailed those expensive shoes to the locker
and I couldn't get on the plane with shoes and I wore sandals.
That was nice.
And the other time you spray painted a pair of fluorescent blue
and then the other time you put a dead mouse in the shoe.
So thank you.
That was awesome.
You got compliments on the blue shoes.
Remember that?
Yes, I did.
I did.
That's very true.
Okay, so now take me to what you say now is like, you know, you're playing in a time that's so different than when we played. I mean, it's crazy that it's only been, you know,
pretty much like 10 years since we were playing in our primes, I feel like,
or almost.
And now the game's so different.
Like, what do you see now, like, in the AHL even?
Is the AHL, there's not as much fighting, right?
Is it different than when you were there briefly after college?
Yeah.
I mean, first of all, there're not doing it all after the game,
which is a little disappointment.
Or under the Quincy.
That's a protein change.
So you have the protein change.
I remember those first two years in Pittsburgh,
this was like, you know,
by far the best job in the world.
But yeah, I think with the speed of the game
and the skill and now everyone,
the knowledge of the nutrition that's out there, obviously things have changed.
Even the American League now, I think you're allowed like 10 fights
and then you start getting suspended.
So they're definitely having a great developmental league for the NHL.
There's a lot of young players that obviously can play down there
that get called up and can make an impact. It's still a good
league to be a part of and it's
kind of good to see both
sides of the spectrum. You kind of have that
veteran
experience. It's been
a lot of fun. What do you do on the bus
rides?
I just take all those kids' money.
What do you
play? Poker? We got Oh, I just take all those kids' money. What do you play, poker?
We got schnarps or seven up, seven down.
And you're dummying these kids.
Cal O'Reilly, Landon Ferraro, Murph is a few guys that play,
so it's a good group of guys down there, and it's been fun.
But you're definitely the veteran now.
You're the old guy on the team, so you know a little bit more about the car game so it's a little easier
to take some of that money ryan so so what has you on uh at the top of his list of guys he'd want
on his side in a bar fight uh where does he rank on your list
what oh that implies you were putting them down the other day, I saw, but he did.
I think we were playing Ottawa in the playoffs, and you pumped Red in really good.
So, I mean, you have your moment.
Yeah, exactly.
That's a good one.
I remember you came running in, and you're like, Witt, where did that come from?
I remember that, actually.
Cleaver's day.
Yeah.
All those, I mean, that team, I think, was pretty special.
You know, we were willing to stick up for each other.
Even if you lose, you know, it's about just showing up and showing you care.
And that's, you know, I think what makes teams,
maybe they go that extra mile in the playoffs that are willing to do that.
You know, the guys that don't really fight, you know, might have to do it.
Just, you know, show they care.
I think that goes a long way.
Bugsy, do you have the most memorable moment as a Penguin?
Big goal you scored?
I mean, no, I think all of them were.
I just put in the jersey.
I still remember for training camp even.
I thought it was so cool to actually put it on for real.
And then get in the games was just a bonus.
I never thought coming from Pittsburgh, there wasn't any guys that really went Division I college.
So I never really had the goal of playing the NHL.
I knew I wanted to play hockey somewhere.
And get tattoos.
And get some tattoos.
I think my backup plan, my dad always laughed.
I was a Las Vegas car dealer. That was my backup plan if I didn't make it in hockey.
So I figured no matter where in the world I'd be, I'd be playing hockey.
So I just love everything about it.
But, yeah, I think just all the days in Pitt were a lot of fun with everyone.
Yeah, those were the absolute days.
Yeah, those were good times.
Buck, you went 12 years between the AHL stints,
if I'm reading this website correctly.
What's been the biggest improvement in the AHL,
the Always Hungry League, since you were last in it?
What's the biggest difference, I guess,
the best improvement you've seen?
I think just teams are deeper.
You know, you don't have even the fourth line guys in play,
and obviously look physical, but everyone can play,
and obviously everyone can skate.
You know, that's the thing now.
You just got to be able to skate,
and they feel like they can teach them the game as they grow.
So, I mean, the biggest thing, everyone obviously has got some jumping skills,
so it's kind of fun.
And then I think just from a veteran standpoint,
the more games you play, it's just about more game management,
you know, knowing the game, knowing when you need a good shift
or just get the puck deep or little things that add up to, you know,
a W at the end of the night.
So, as an older guy, there's a good group of guys down in Colorado
that kick the captain now, they named him Iowa, end of the night so as an older guy there's a good group of guys down in colorado is the
captain now they named in iowa so he does a a good job as well just kind of uh you know helping the
young guys you know learn those little things to hopefully hopefully iowa could get in the playoffs
this year would be the first time so we got a good team and you know we'll see where it goes
nice it's good sounds like you know the game's getting healthier when you've got AHL teams that are stacked as well.
And when you get rid of your varicose veins.
Yeah, a lot of things.
Bugsy, dude, thank you so much for coming on.
The one thing I did want to remind everyone, and I know you would never say it,
the other memorable Penguins moment was when Hal Gill hit you in the face with a slap shot in the Stanley Cup Finals,
and you came back looking like you had elephant titus
like, and nobody
knows. He came back and after the series
we were having beers and he's like, Hal,
I don't really care, man. I'm going to make an extra
million a year on my next contract
because how tough I looked.
We're playing for the Stanley Cup.
You're willing to do whatever it takes.
It's a small price to pay for hopefully a lifelong of happiness.
But we came up a little short, unfortunate, but still a good time and good experience.
Yeah, dude.
It really was.
So I'm speaking to USA Hockey.
You must have Bugsy.
Get Bugsy on board.
So we're with you, and I hope to see you soon, buddy.
Thanks so much for coming on.
Yeah.
Appreciate the support. Good luck. Good luck in your personal life as well, and I hope to see you soon, buddy. Thanks so much for coming on. Yeah. Appreciate the support.
Good luck.
Good luck in your personal life as well, bud.
Happy for you.
I appreciate that.
I'll send you a picture.
Yeah.
Thanks for coming on, Bugs.
Really appreciate it, pal.
All right.
Thanks for having me.
Take care, pal.
This interview is also brought to you by the Barstool Sports Black Friday sale.
Black Friday is this week, and the entire Barstool store will be marked down to 20 off. From new
items like quarter zips, slippers, and
ornaments to old classics like shirts, flags,
and hats. We've got everything you need to
stunt on the haters this holiday season.
The pit and chicklet
stuff, not a big deal sweater will be great.
So please get online and
just make Portnoy go bankrupt.
Really screw them over. 20 off
Black Friday all week.
Barstool Sports.
Thank you to my good buddy there, Ryan Malone.
You know, you can kind of sense his voice like this in person.
What up, Bugsy?
But no, we really appreciate him coming on.
And I mean, USA Hockey, he said it.
You need glue guys.
And he's a fucking glue guy.
He's in the locker room.
He makes everyone laugh.
Keeps everyone loose. Gets real serious, works his balls off.
And I couldn't say enough good things.
One of the best teammates ever.
So USA Hockey, do the right thing. Yeah, I mean, not that AHL rosters are all American players, but I thought that was an interesting thing he said when I asked him the difference between AHL then and now.
And he said, you know, the teams are so much deeper.
Yeah, that is actually so true, I bet, because it takes out a line of guys who maybe weren't great players
and were tough as shit, but couldn't really play both ways
and do them both like you see some guys.
So, yeah, that was actually interesting.
I mean, I'm assuming it's such a different game than when I last saw it,
and it's true because, I mean, him being there
and actually making a difference with the younger guys,
that's pretty cool to have a guy like that.
If you're just out of college or junior, getting to play with Bugsy.
Because he's seen it all.
Absolutely, right.
Yeah, and taking a peek at his numbers, too.
He was not only on the team with you guys, Penguins, oh, 708.
He was on that Tampa Bay team in 2011 that got within a whisker against other cops, too.
So he had a couple nice runs.
Yeah, we had a funny night in here during that series.
Talk about that
after the record.
Weekly segment with
a list of questions that Grinnelly
lines up for us. All right, Hamilton.
We've been on a shitload on funny
fueling. What's it called again? Fast Times
of the Week? Yeah, I saw that the other night on.
Cameron Crowe.
Cameron Crowe. He wrote the story
that the movie is based on.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
All right, so Mike Mullen asked, you know, in honor of Thanksgiving,
what is your favorite Thanksgiving dish?
All right, Hamilton.
Betty Grable, what the dish?
Turkey, dude.
Turkey.
I mean, is that not a dish?
Is that considered not a dish?
Is it more like sides?
I don't like stuffing.
Do you like dark?
Are you a dark meat or a white meat guy?
I'm an all white meat
I would never touch dark meat
It's disgusting to me
Racist
You racist
I'm a white meat guy
Okay, then mashed potatoes with gravy on it
I don't
I'm not a stuffing guy
I mean, attack me if you want
Come at me
I'm not a stuffing guy
Gravy I love
I mean, what veggies are there?
Like green beans?
Green beans are there?
Are those Thanksgiving? Mashed potatoes I said that I said that I love. I mean, what veggies are there? Like green beans? Green beans are there? Are those Thanksgiving?
Mashed potatoes.
I said that.
I said that.
I don't, I want, I love Brussels sprouts.
Like broccoli casserole kind of stuff.
Wow, you're a Brussels sprouts guy?
I love Brussels sprouts.
Wow.
Like a little bacon?
They're like little brains, like little head, little brains.
Yeah, no, I just crush them.
I just one time, I'm boom, boom.
Meat, I love the dark meat, turkey.
You would.
Huge, huge dark meat guy.
I'm a big squash guy.
My grandma used to make me chicken gilch.
White meat chicken gilch.
Yeah, stuffing, man.
I mean, I'm a big homemade.
I mean, stovetop and apparently if you're eating stuffing in the middle of fucking summer or something.
But when you have Thanksgiving stuffing, it has to be homemade.
Stuffing.
No doubt about it.
What about you, Grinnelli?
Mashed potatoes and gravy, hands down.
Yeah, okay.
No question.
So that's kind of mine.
Yeah.
So if you're not
Kind of like six things to pick from.
So David Tomio asks, you know, in honor of that Raduloff freakout earlier,
what was the worst locker room or bench freakout by a coach or player that you've ever witnessed?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, worst locker room or bench freak out by a coach or player that you've ever witnessed? All right, Hamilton. Oh, worst locker room freak out.
I would say Jack Parker in college at BU.
We were losing to Maine at Maine,
and he was kind of older when he was coaching us,
and he was screaming.
I've never seen somebody scream like this at the top of his lungs
that he started going purple and like shaking.
Like, ah, he was screaming.
And the trainer came and was like, Jack, Jack, calm down.
I was like, holy fuck.
He almost, he's going to keel over here from screaming at us.
So that was probably the worst.
I mean, he didn't even smash anything.
It was just a, you saw a human head go purple.
Obviously, I, you know, don't have any fucking crazy coach stories.
But one NHL one that always stands out is Jim Schoenfeld.
You know, when he went after Donahue.
Have another donut.
I mean, you fat pig.
Have another donut.
And it was caught on cameras.
I mean, it wasn't even at his own team.
Didn't the refs strike after that?
And they had replacement refs?
That was not that game.
But because the Bruins played the Devils like twice in like a three-year span. And, yeah, one of them, they had had replacement refs? That was... Not that game, but I...
Because the Bruins played the Devils like twice in like a three-year span.
And yeah, one of them, they had the fake refs.
These guys were like...
Oh.
They were reffing like fucking...
Oh, they've not been related to the Schoenfeld?
I don't even know.
No, I don't know.
I don't...
No, because Schoenfeld yelled at Kohoski, who was a bona fide NHL ref.
No, I'm saying after that, the refs striked or something because of the punishment.
Right, right.
Yeah, I mean, it's fucking 30 years ago
my brain's a
little scrambled
a little bit
since then
but yeah
that's what it
was I think
that the NHL
didn't back
the fucking
Kowalski or
something you're
right you're
right they are
connected somehow
but Shawnee
that was a good
flip on it
you fat pig
have another
donut as all
time class
I like the
Patrick Roy freakout.
Patrick Wah freakout from a couple years ago.
When he was punching the glass?
Yeah, when he broke the glass in between the two benches.
That was, I believe, his first game as coach.
Yeah, he's a psycho.
And they played Anaheim.
I remember that.
And Perry pushed the glass back. He's like, fuck you. And it went back at him. Was he a psycho. And they played Anaheim. I remember that. And Perry pushed the glass back.
He's like, fuck you.
And it went back at him.
Was he a psycho playing against him?
I don't think I ever played against Patrick Roy.
I don't think I ever played against him, actually.
He seemed psychotic, but...
Oh, total fucking lunatic.
I mean, the guy...
What a legendary move.
The guy got lit up and let in for like 10 goals against Detroit in like 95 or 96. And got walked up.
This was back when there was no glass.
That's what I thought Grinelli was going to say at first.
No glass behind the bench in Montreal.
So the owner could sit like basically and hear what the coach was saying all game.
And he walked up and said to the owner behind the coach.
That was my last game I'll ever play as a Montreal Canadian.
And sure as shit, he got traded to Colorado.
So that's a freak out by a player that's big time boss move.
Yeah.
If you don't want to be somewhere anymore, that's how you do it.
Yeah.
Mario Tremblay wouldn't take him out and went over and said,
either he goes or I go.
And they fucking traded Patrick.
Excuse me.
What a move.
Sorry.
I'm laughing so hard.
I'm fucking coughing.
All right.
So Nick Crowley asked,
what are the shittiest and best rinks you've ever played in?
Shittiest rink I mentioned was Binghamton.
It also says pro or non-pro.
Binghamton was the worst pro rink ever.
I said it before.
Binghamton, 10.80 to win.
Yeah, I know.
Somebody actually was like, dude, lay off bingo,
like a tweet or something.
Growing up, dude Dude Hockey Town
Worst rink ever
Revere
Is it Revere or Saugus
Saugus
Like if you say it from Saugus
Like Carabas
Yeah
Right away I'm like
Dude that's where Hockey Town is
Like good no time for you
The ice is black
It's disgusting
And half the ice
Half the side of it
Have you been there
Half the side of it
It's a wall
It's been years
Yeah
There's no glass right
It's a slanted wall It's a slanted wall.
It's a slanted wall is the worst part.
What a joke.
What a dump.
Do you remember?
Here's a quick little fucking side story of that.
For years, they had the logo.
You guys probably don't remember.
Definitely Grinnelli don't.
Right after you come in the hilltop, there was a big bee.
The Bruins bee was there.
Yes, I remember that.
The fucking Bruins.
Fucking Jacobs.
I don't know if he actually sued them or he fucking made them take it down.
Or they just put it on their own, making it look like, yeah, whatever.
Yeah, back in the 70s when people didn't, you know, it was almost like a neighborhood thing.
And then, like, Jacobs was like, nope, corporate fucking aspect coming in here.
Do your sign over or we're going to see the pants off you because I don't have enough fucking money.
There's probably so many men's league fights in that rink every night too. That's just
like guys just chucking nooks
in men's league. Actually, it's funny.
I did see one question. I meant to tag
Grinnelly to ask this one. It caught my eye.
It was like, what is the most money you've won?
What is the most money you've bet on a
sporting event, won or lost? I'm not saying.
Okay. I'm not saying.
Weren't you...
Didn't I ask you this Like one of the first episodes
Too much
And you yelled at me
For
Cause you said
We can't talk about this
The money
Money things on the air
I actually didn't think
You'd want to answer this actually
No no no
I know what it was
I was reluctant to
Talk about what you took down
One week
I was
Basically reluctant to
Put out to the public
An amount of winnings I had
That's what it was Because I just fucking can't trust it.
It's just piling up in this house.
They're stacking it next to the couch now.
Statute of limitations, all that bullshit.
I'm not even being dramatic, but over a certain limit,
and it's a bullshit limit that hasn't been adjusted in fucking years,
that if you win that much, you're supposed to declare it.
What's your gambling game? But this is a different question. Oh, yeah, if you win that much, you're supposed to declare it. What's your gambling game?
But this is a different question.
Oh, yeah, one game, right?
It's actually just ask what he bet.
I've had 10,000 on a game before.
Not often.
It's not a habit.
And I had about 10,000 on a game.
I actually won.
I know the Blackhawks years ago.
You don't remember the 10,000 game, do you?
No, dude.
When you've fucking been betting for, how old am I, 45?
When you've been betting for 43?
I guess if you've done it more than once, it doesn't.
I've been going to the track since I was in diapers.
So it's like, you know, it's Irish fucking degeneracy.
But, yeah, I had 10 grand on a game maybe once or twice.
But, I mean, I've had, you know, five, six grand bets.
I've lost plenty of those, too.
So, yeah, I mean, lots of wages over the years.
But yeah, I wasn't going against the grain.
I just didn't want to fucking-
I know what you're saying.
I didn't want to inadvertently drop a dime on myself there.
And this week's All Right Hamilton is brought to you by MyBookie.
It's that time of year again where you're going to need some holiday cash
to buy presents for your friends, family, and loved ones.
You need it, and I know where to get it.
MyBookie is the place to score serious cash on your sports predictions.
Believe it or not, the holidays are just around the corner.
It was Thanksgiving yesterday, as a matter of fact.
And while that means plenty of parties, gifts, and spending,
it also means there's lots of football, basketball, and hockey games
you can score big on every day.
College, pro, live bets, all that good stuff.
So man up or woman up and play like the pros on game day.
You can play the money line, side or total.
My bookie is your hookup for all your betting needs
and offers super fast payouts when you win.
Where you bet is just as important as who you're betting on,
and if you want to make money betting the games,
you've got to go to mybookie.ag.
They're the only site I'd recommend.
I trust them, but you don't have to take my word for it.
Check them out yourself
They have odds on every matchup on a mobile site
That makes wagering on your smartphone a breeze
So join now and MyBookie
Will match your deposit with up to a 50 bonus
Use the promo code SPIT
To activate the offer
That's S-P-I-T
So visit MyBookie.ag today
You play, you win. You get paid.
Well, one quick note, too, if you're in, I know, for a local, if you're in Boston or
England, the NHL's doing a thing at City Hall Friday and Saturday.
They're bringing a bunch of artifacts and celebration of the 100th anniversary of the
NHL.
I believe that Stanley Cup is going to be there.
I'm going to the game Friday.
Are you going in?
Blackout Friday game.
Oh, you're going to be there today, right now?
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Whoops.
Yeah.
I forgot this release is on Friday.
Whoopsie daisy. Yeah. Thanksgiving was unreal. I'm fucking stuck. Oh, dude. I to be there today right now? Okay. Oh, yeah. Whoops. I forgot this release is on Friday. Whoopsie daisy.
Yeah, Thanksgiving was unreal.
I'm fucking stuck.
Oh, dude, I got to drop a deuce again.
So City Hall, check it out if you got time.
If you're in Boston or in the area, definitely NHL.
I love those old artifact things.
Good shit.
So otherwise, what else you got, Wits?
Any just fucking going to eat?
You're just going to digest your food?
Yeah.
I'm going to watch football. I'm going to crush food just gonna digest Your food Yeah Watch football I'm gonna crush food
That's it
Alright
I'm gonna have some drinks
Well listen
To our
Wait for the baby
To our Canadian listeners
Have a great weekend
To our American listeners
We hope you had
A fantastic Thanksgiving
You're enjoying
Your long weekend
Yeah you guys are the best
The more people tell me
They listen to this podcast
Makes me feel so good
Yeah
Warm inside
You guys are awesome.
I mean, I love doing this shit.
Hey, I'm thankful that you fucking take time in your fucking day, your week to do this stuff.
Because I know, and me and Grant, you don't have to do this.
And you do it.
I appreciate that.
I appreciate that.
And you do it.
Well, thanks for listening.
You know, the listeners make it.
By the way, will we, maybe this Friday as people are listening, have a possible clothing?
Oh, well, by now, we've already dropped.
Yeah, Black Friday.
That's right.
We had so many requests.
Not a big deal.
Hockey guy.
By the way, Biz should get money on that.
That's Biz's.
I always say it.
It's like Biz.
But Biz was cool.
But Biz was cool.
Yeah, we talked to him.
We get no money from it.
So, I mean, we're fucking Muppets, I guess, to begin with.
But Biz is not a big deal guy.
Yeah.
Always say it.
Absolutely.
We got tons of new gear.
Black Friday.
Buy some shit.
The 20 off.
Why you can get it.
You know, give us some feedback.
If you like shirts, you got any other ideas or whatever.
But, again, thanks to all our listeners out there.
I would have never imagined when me and Ryan
settled down on this couch, I don't know,
almost two years ago, and
I tried real hard to fucking do something
on GarageBand and fucked it up a few times,
that we'd be here almost two years
later and grinding out
the podcast and being where we are in the ratings.
Banging out a podcast every Thursday.
Also,
Thanksgiving's great because I'm hoping we get some family fights videos.
Those are the guy in Massachusetts, the one that I'm sure was on Barstool yesterday.
Now that it's Friday, right?
I'll fucking fight you right now.
So we got to play that also.
So hopefully you get a couple of beefs at your family Thanksgiving.
It's always fun. And I'd say this year is pretty prim get a couple of beefs at your family Thanksgiving. It's always fun.
And I'd say this year
is pretty primed
for some Thanksgiving
beefs.
Yeah, let's talk
some politics
and let's chuck
some fucking
mashed potatoes
at each other.
And nucks.
All right,
thanks for listening
everyone.
Peace out.
Thank you everybody.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Happy TJ.
Have a great day.
