Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spittin' Chicklets! What is up, folks?
Welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets.
We right now are bringing to you episode 541, and it's Monday evening.
We've had a long
weekend all of us we got to catch up but first we got to talk about Pink Whitney
we got to talk about the pink wedding surviving barnstool one of the greatest
episodes of reality TV of all time and it was all because of Pink Whitney this
show is because of Pink Whitney my life is cuz of Pink Whitney that's why I have
pink skin to be honest and Pink, whether you want the little nips,
whether you want the big old bottle,
or you want the little flask-lookin' bottle
right in the middle of all of them,
you've got your choice with Pink Whitney.
Head on down to your local bar,
head on down to your local liquor store,
wherever you consume alcohol, grab your Pink Whitney,
do a shot, mix up a drink. I like it just with ice on the rocks.
Some people like just adding a little soda water,
it doesn't matter.
However you want to consume, you consume.
We love Pink Whitney and I love you guys.
Biz, what's going on buddy?
Can you consume it celebrating a new president in office?
Happy Inaugurational Day, is that how you say it?
Inaugurational?
It was his inauguration. I don't know if it's Inaugurational Day? Is that how you say it? Inaugurational? It was his inauguration. I don't know if it's Inaugurational Day.
Close enough.
Yeah, you had the word correct. Yeah, Donald Trump back in office. There are some people
just slamming their steering wheel right now with joy and then maybe with anger. But you
know what? I saw TJ Oshie sent out a tweet and boom, that thing went viral as shit. TJ
Oshie is a hero of mine
He's an American hero. So good luck to Donald Trump. All we're hoping for is amazing things to the United States
Didn't he shout out Ovi today? I believe so. I just got a text that he shout out Ovi chasing down Gretzky
So that's interesting. Yeah, we've never started a show talking about Trump right away, but hey
I think he's the main story coming out of the world
right now.
Well, the main story was Zuckerberg staring at Bezos'
wife's titties.
Very good.
Well, I didn't see that part.
Oh yeah, she wore a bra.
She wore a bra and then a sport coat over it.
She has cannons and Zuckerberg's just a horny little
motherfucker.
Yeah, she's got bolt-ons.
She's got bolt-ons.
Yeah, I would think so. I would think so.
I would think so.
He's gotta be on the tee, no?
I think he's on a lot more than the tee.
Oh yeah.
A couple hundred million, actually billion?
Jesus Christ.
So he's living til 150, you think?
If Bezos woke up and was worth a couple hundred million,
he'd probably jump off a bridge.
The fact I just said that,
I think it's a couple hundred billion,
but I really don't know what I'm talking about 400 400 mil a billion 400 billion
Yeah, I thought that was something else. I thought Musk was 400 bill. I don't know. I don't know my billionaires
Well, I don't know. I saw a picture today. It was like Musk
Zuckerberg and then like the
Another guy knows like a net worth
And then like the another guy knows like a net worth of almost a trillion. 239.4 billion Grinnelli writes in the chat.
Not bad.
That's pretty good.
A lot of things you can do with that.
Another guy who was at the inauguration was a Vander Kane.
I know he's on the IR, so he had a little time off and he got to go celebrate Trump's
inauguration.
So as an oiler fan, what do you make of that?
Little good juju, maybe a little bit of a softening to the White House?
I don't know. He is Canadian, so I don't think he'll ever be working in the White House, Biz.
Well, I meant more of like, wouldn't the Stanley Cup winner, if McDavid and the oilers won it,
would they go there or would they go to Parliament?
I don't know.
That's a good question.
It's your country, want a Stanley Cup, but it's all going to end this year when the oilers raise Lord Stanley.
That's going to be part of the tariff. Hey, the tariff. It's like the cup has to go regardless,
even if a Canadian team wins it. That might be our only fucking chance in Canada for crying out loud.
Oh, you're back out. You're out on your leafs already. No cup.
No, it's difficult. It's difficult to play in a Canadian market as we're seeing with,
to play in the Canadian market as we're seeing with, oh my God, this JT Miller situation.
I've been in Vancouver and Victoria the last three days.
It's all anybody wants to talk about.
It's all anybody wants, so much so where I'm talking
about it at Akalini's restaurant,
we're gonna get to this in a little bit,
and we're talking about it at the dinner table,
we're having a nice sit down dinner,
I'm trying to get away from hockey.
That's all my hockey buddies want to talk about
is this JT Miller situation.
I round the corner to go to the bathroom
and I see the owner of the Canucks
and he ends up asking me my thoughts
on the Miller situation.
So I'm on the payroll, but I'm going to save it.
We're going to back away from that.
You have to hang tight.
So you're the one that vetoed it?
You're the one who vetoed the trade.
You think?
You think?
You got the fucking stuff.
The housewives of Vancouver, North Vancouver,
it's the talk of the town.
Why?
Even if you don't make playoffs, everybody's entertained.
Look how much Clixus is getting.
You're telling me you'd give up JT Miller for Heidel
in a first rounder?
That's what was coming over the airways.
And then I heard.
And a D man too, like Mancini.
Mancini, who was there I believe at the start of the year,
had a great training camp.
But give me a fucking break.
Who doesn't?
We're talking about a top 20 centerman in the league
when he's playing healthy and focused on hockey.
But as far as media circus goes, Canadian market, very difficult to play in
and I'll leave it at that. I'm already getting hot and bothered by this situation.
Okay. We'll get into all this. I'm very excited to catch up with you guys. But first, I do
want to hear about the weekend, Biz, because I was very excited for you. You went out skiing.
I like as your friend when you just get time away. You work way
too much. I know you're not as rich as Keith and I, no offense. You will be someday, but
you work way too much. So when you get a trip to ski and to make your own ice luge and cold
tub, I'm happy. I like seeing that stuff. So how are you on the slopes? I feel like you'd
be terrible at skiing because you were pretty so bad
Not very safe. Very see the video. He was pretty good. No, I think that wasn't him. He videoed somebody else and
He's like hey, where my jacket and helmet and then I can post it as if it's me
Tight hips on the slopes obviously, but given the fact that I've been working out,
all my stabilizers were firing. I didn't really do anything too dangerous. So if anybody's
been to Whistler Blackcomb, the mountains, I did the seventh heaven. That was the hardest
I went, but I was never really going super fast. So I was pretty solid on the edges.
It took me a few runs, but I had a great time. So it was nice to recharge, went to a couple of nice dinners, and as I said, bumped into the Canucks owner. Both
nights in bed by 10 o'clock though. That's how I like to party now. Go all day long,
have some fun, get some exercise, lights out by 10 o'clock. So a nice little friend trip
and a recharge.
And are you still, you've really tapered down the marijuana, correct?
I believe that it's mainly at night for your usage now.
Yeah, not doing too much.
Okay, and you've completely x-nayed porn.
And are we talking about that?
I've been off, we're getting into, holy, what are you, my therapist over here?
Buddy, last time I saw you, hey, last time I saw you in Chicago, I got home and Breeze
like, how's Keith and Biz?
And I said, great.
I said, I don't think I've ever seen Biz happier and in a better mental state since I've known
you.
Wow.
I've known you close to 20 years, bro.
Oh, shit. And I've never seen Keith Moore down in the dumps.
Well that's from hanging out with Murls for three days.
Keith has his own weekend issues
that we're gonna get into in a minute.
But I guess I went a little off the rails there,
but we started this episode talking
about Trump's inaugurational day.
You think you're talking about my Youjiauz account, we're 15 minutes into the pod.
We just took a complete right turn there.
And I will say that one of my New Year's resolutions,
if not my main focus along with my mental
and physical health, is laying off the belly button soup.
Yes.
Good.
Yes.
Anything else you'd like to know?
No, but G agrees with me, that we've never seen you this happy and full of life and I guess full of cum.
Oh my God. Oh my God. Okay, we'll go to Keith. We'll go to Keith. I'm all over the place.
How do we transition on this? It's seven o'clock. We record earlier, folks, but Keith had his own
issues this weekend, so it's pushback. Why? What happened, Keith?
And I think I'm a little loopy right now.
I'm a little out to lunch.
I'm all over the map.
Yeah, I think so too.
Yeah.
So this is my kids wanting to sign up for volleyball.
So we go and do a, it's like a clinic type thing at one of these, you know, academies
that has volleyball.
They have teams, but you can also do like drop-ins for, for, you know, lessons and whatnot.
So I'm there the first day, the lady that owns the program,
she's like, are you Mila and Lola's dad?
I'm like, yeah.
She's like, can you come in my office?
I'm like, oh boy, here we go.
Felt like I was getting called into the principal's office.
I started sweating profusely.
I'm like, oh man, here we go.
Kind of like what you used to?
Yeah, yeah.
Same thing, PTSD flashbacks. 100. I
said it as soon as I got out, I was like, I felt like I was back in middle school getting
sent to the principals. But so the ladies like, listen, I think your kids are good enough
they can play on our travel team, whatever. So I'm like, all right, sure. We'll give it
a shot. Just thinking that there's a couple local tournaments, you know, maybe a half hour drive, hour drive, first tournament this weekend, boom, five hour drive.
Nowhere.
So, in our, in our and a half past Orlando, it's called Ocala.
It was actually one of the sickest hotels, I think.
It wasn't a nice hotel.
I would have left after the first day.
I would have left after the first day. I would have been gone. So we get there Saturday. Their first game is at 4.15.
So you're doing nothing all day. Luckily, it's a nice hotel.
There's all these horse tracks around. You can go look at the horses.
You can take horses around. Fun little setup.
First game is at 4.15. Got to be there at 3.15.
That's got to stop too, by the the way like they sit around and do nothing
Let's just get there 20 minutes before and then warm up, you know, they're at 13 and 11
So whatever there's no dynamic warm-up or nothing
Yeah, they did that for 10 minutes, but I don't understand why they need us there an hour before well cross B's doing at 45
I know I just didn't know how he's also getting paid 8.7. My kid is paying a grand to pay. No, that's true.
That's true, there's a big pay difference.
Well, maybe the gap is tightening, but go on.
True.
So we get there, we get absolutely warped this first game.
I'm like, oh boy, this is going to be a long day.
There's games up to 25, there are three sets,
but if the one team wins the first two, it's over. Skunked, skunked, 25, boom. So done. Next game, next
game's right after, thank God. So I'm like, oh, all right, nice. Boom. We got absolutely
demolished in that game too. We're playing against teams that are unbelievable. We have
no business being in this tournament.
It's like AAU basketball, baseball, and like you guys are just like a ragtag group
What you do put a wig on or something? Yes. Yeah
It's that's exactly like we're a house league team. The girls had fun. They tried hard. They won one set the whole tournament
Parents were going nuts. It was unbelievable. But uh, so
But after every game so 415 515, 5-15, hour in between, then a 7-45 game.
So an hour long game, so we're done 8-45.
I'm like, oh my God, we got to hustle back to get food before the kids can go to bed.
You're like, oh no, you don't know the rules here in volleyball.
You have to stay after the game.
Your whole team has to stay after the game and work the next game. So they have to do like the line judge, the substituting in and out.
They don't know.
Exactly.
I'm paying to play in this tournament and they're not even paying officials.
They're just having these kids do it.
So today, today I'm like, all right, finally this tournament's over.
We got, we're not sniffing the finals or anything.
So I'm like, we got to get on the road.
I got to be on the road by one o'clock.
We got the show to do.
I already pushed you guys back enough.
So then they're like, no, you got to do the game after this too.
So my kids had to stay in ref.
The game goes to three sets.
I'm sitting there, I'm walking around.
I'm like, we got to go.
We got to go.
My kids are reffing.
I'm like, oh, let's go. We're leaving. I'm like we got to go. We got to go my kids are reffing. I'm like, oh Let's go. We're leaving I have to get on the road
So not only are we getting worked on the court my kids not getting paid to
To referee yeah from ten bucks an hour ten bucks twenty bucks a game in the kit if you're not
Referee and so there's only there's five girls that like help out and then and then they rotate or whatever
The other girls have to cheer for the other team
So you have to sit there and cheer for a team that just beat you by 20 points
Is this her last tournament? Yeah, I'm done. That's why hey this makes sense
I heard Trump at inauguration say I gotta make volleyball great again. This he knows
This is bullshit.
Dude, there's 30, there's 50 courts going on and all you just hear for three days straight
is just girls screaming, yelling, parents screaming.
Well, welcome back to guy time.
And by the way, you have been very open about how much you enjoy the girls lacrosse stuff.
So this was just the exact opposite basically.
This is not what we signed up for.
Well, because it's probably when we're in the lacrosse season
we're putting the beatens on the other teams.
That's what I said to my kids.
I'm like, hey, listen, you know the teams that we beat
in lacrosse, you're beating them by 10, 20.
This is your payback for all that.
We had no business being in this tournament.
But at the end of the day, you
need to take a couple of beatings as a kid to figure out life and figure out your sports.
Honestly, I'm hoping they don't like it and don't want to ever play again.
Speaking of sports, I watched a little bit of that Tiger thing, that simulator.
The TGL? Yeah. So here's my thoughts on it. If it was like seven o'clock or any
time in prime time, absolutely not. But I watched it the other night at I think nine
30, 10 o'clock as I was going to bed, it was not bad to have on in like the background,
but I will say like tiger and those guys were not very entertaining Okay, they need to go after the John Daly's and like even lesser
No, maybe even golf influencers like guys like Bob does and like make it fun and guys chirping each other and telling stories
I just feel like it golfs a little stale as it is
I don't mind that the point system and how you're kind of all in that tight quarters, but given how stale
it was and the lack of chirping and competitiveness, regardless if it was Tiger Woods, they'd be like
putting and there'd be people in the background on their phones not even paying attention.
Well, this is something that somebody... Were we talking about this last week? I don't know.
I think we mentioned that it was launching and it was was a thing but I'd never watched it or had an opinion on it.
I think it's like good going to bed television but they need to get more interesting.
That's not a good thing.
Especially a sport.
When you're launching a new league that Rory and Tiger own, the worst thing you want to
hear is it's great going to bed television.
Well when, okay so but as a guy who golfs, when do you have time to consume stuff like that when the kids
are kind of in bed in that before bed hour?
Right?
Well, I think that...
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
My biggest thing in watching is the best part about it is the shot clock.
And I was watching the final round, it was the American Express Challenge or whatever
this weekend, the Palm Springs tournament
Through 11 holes of the final round
Three hours and 30 minutes there the final round took the leaders five hours and 20 minutes too much
That that if if the PGA Tour has a brain
They will add a shot clock. And imagine, like, alright, so what happens is, guy that you're paired with hits the ball,
the minute it stops rolling,
whether it's in the fairway or on the green,
you have 36 seconds, 35, 40 seconds,
and then you see the countdown,
and then you see possibly a player saying to the caddy,
hey, with 10 seconds, let me know,
and the caddy's like, 10.
Now, it would just, first off, it would speed up things,
and second off, it would add this level of excitement,
not necessarily excitement, but something different
to where right now watching golf is like, oh my God.
Three hours and 30 minutes for 11 holes,
and I think it would make golfers play way better,
personally, because you don't know
if there's enough time to think.
You think it should be 36 seconds from the,
so you have to walk to, like after your drive?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
After the guy hits.
Next guy's balls stops.
And by the time it's in air, you could be,
even if you're like 20 yards up,
you could start walking towards your ball.
And maybe throughout the course of a round, give them like three, three like things, like things to play where you
can get like 30 extra seconds. If you're really having a hard time in between clubs, like
you can't tell me as a professional golfer, you need that extra 30 seconds every time.
Like the problem the PGA guys are having is like guys are taking over a minute to decide
where majority of those guys can get the decision made in the shot shot within
probably 30 seconds right would you say these guys are at their home courses
playing in two hours and 50 minutes shooting eight under like they and I
understand all the money on the line everything but it's just bullshit and
and and guys break the rule because there is technically like a rule already and nothing happens.
They don't give penalty strokes.
They don't do anything.
They might fine guys here and there, but they don't care.
And they look at it like, well, I'm going to make way more if I finish higher.
It's just, yeah, the TGL, I do like enjoy it.
Like I'll throw it on.
It's nothing like groundbreaking.
I shouldn't say groundbreaking because it is pretty cool. They're in this amazing stadium and they're hitting off actual grass and
the green moves around and all that. But it's the time that it takes to watch golf now that the TGL
is different that I enjoy. But I do have to get back to something involving us. We announced last episode about our ownership with the Greensboro East Coast Hockey League
team and the name came out, boys.
We couldn't say it at the time, the Gargoyles.
I think it's phenomenal.
I think the coloring's great.
I think the logo is awesome.
We're biased, yes, but the feedback was pretty overwhelmingly positive and I wanted to say
thank you to everyone who kinda,
you know, I got some messages, Biz,
we were actually chatting about how many people
reached out to us that we didn't really expect
in terms of like, hey, is there, who's the GM,
who's the coach, all this different stuff
that hockey guys might wanna be involved with.
So I think that the support for the Gargoyles
is only gonna get better and better,
and go to gargoyleshockey.com, and it's at GSO Gargoyles is only going to get better and better. And go to gargoyleshockey.com and it's at GSO Gargoyles on social media, all your social
media platforms.
Geeze, coming in here with something, I guess.
And I was just going to say, I saw some potential jersey renderings for next season and they
are fucking insane.
They will be the best jerseys in the ECHL, maybe in all of hockey.
So let me ask you something
You see these jerseys and you don't think it's cool to send them over to us so we could see them, too
Uh, I was told biz did receive them and I think you were on the email. Oh, no
He's passed the buck over. I they I were sent them. I just assumed everybody got them Yeah, I was assumed everyone got the email. I'll send it over to you right now sir. Do you get the email Keith? I don't check my email but yeah. I don't either so I might have the email and I think you do.
You know where else I look like a fool guys and you could check us out on the
Spit and Chickles YouTube page where Biz I believe we're over 370,000
subscribers now. Pretty big number if you ask me.
373.
373. We dropped our vlog from the winter classic.
Chickles TV, baby.
IO, Rear Admiral, a big time apology. Rear, I apologize buddy, because I suck at basketball too.
Yes, we did a competition.
15 threes, each guy had.
20 bucks a guy, if you didn't hit one, you owed 40 to the winner.
I didn't sniff making a bucket.
And then, the worst part is, I stayed there.
I said, I'm not leaving until I hit a three.
I shot 16 more.
I missed 31 straight threes. And I think 10 of them were airballs.
So the fact of the matter is that when I made fun of R.A. for his limp, wristed, pathetic
shots in the north end when his ball was wet, I didn't even have the wet ball excuse. I
just, I just, I suck at basketball. And, and I'm not trying to pump my own tires, but I
raked in baseball, big power lefty on the mound.
I grabbed a lacrosse stick once Syracuse was setting me letters.
I was a scratch golfer at one point.
I swim like Michael Phelps.
I made 30 million playing hockey.
I mean, you bring me another sport.
I can dominate.
I've always sucked at basketball.
People don't know.
We're looking at a Bruce Jenner right here.
He can do it all.
Hey, I don't know if it picked it up on the cameras.
When we were playing, I was like,
Witt's gonna dominate this.
Because the last, I remembered you when I was a kid
being unbelievable at basketball,
and then it hit me three days later.
It was water pool basketball.
The dude was, but he was six foot eight.
Yeah, he was six eight at 14.
Everyone else was five two.
Well, I was Shaq at the rim and then Sean Bradley
with the body.
I don't know if you guys remember Sean Bradley.
I think about seven one 195 pounds, same ears,
same exact pink Whitney skin.
So where do you play?
I think he drafted high too.
Oh, was he a flop?
Was he on the Sonics?
Was he a flop?
No, 76ers, I'm looking it up.
Look at this guy's face, boys.
His last season I believe was 04, 05,
where he averaged 2.7 points, 2.8 rebounds.
Are you sending it to the chat here?
He was in Space Jam biz, I think.
7'6 this guy, and he was the second overall pick to the 76ers in 1993.
So I believe he ended up kind of becoming a little bit of a block, a bust.
He led the NBA in blocks in 1997. That ain't too bad.
He was all rookie second team. But yeah, check out our vlog.
It was really fun. And of course, on the edit, I,
Murls broke the record at this this sluggers video arcade mini
basketball game. I ended up breaking his record.
Fish left it out. I mean, who am I to complain?
I didn't say anything about it besides text the entire group chat complaining.
But it was a great vlog. So I want everyone to check it out right now.
Great work by Fishy on editing that one right there.
Moving forward, guys,
I think we can get into business discussion
with Francesco Aquilino.
Before we get there,
along with going to Edmonton for that Skechers appearance,
I got to meet that kid Hudson.
And guys, this is a really cool story.
Unfortunate at one part, but such an inspirational kid Hudson.
And myself and Witt got a text from Brant Myers.
This is probably a week, 10 days ago.
And it was a young kid, 14 Hudson,
who's got a prosthetic leg.
And on the leg, it had a Bauer logo and a Chicklets logo and I know that Brandt Myers lives in Edmonton and I knew that
I was heading there so I was like oh like I want to hear this kid's story and
how he lost his leg and get a chance to meet him so Brandt was able to put me us
in touch with his mother Robin and and she came over with Hudson we surprised
them I didn't realize it was gonna be a surprise. So when I rounded the corner, he was like white as a ghost.
And I was like, oh, I didn't realize this was a surprise.
So I ended up having breakfast with Brandt Myers,
Robin, his mother and Hudson
and just heard the really unfortunate story.
This kid loves music and hockey.
And when he was eight years old,
he went to a 6 a.m. practice and he
wasn't feeling good right and all of a sudden it like turned into pneumonia and
I'm gonna read off everything that ended up happening as a result of this
sickness that started on a Thursday morning at 6 a.m. from practice it was a
H1N1 and he also got a staph infection, pneumonia as I mentioned, sepsis,
and it resulted in him, by the time Sunday rolled around,
he was on life support.
So for the next 113 days, he was in the hospital
and went through 49 surgeries.
What happened was is basically he stopped getting oxygen,
proper oxygen to his limbs.
So it started affecting his arms in which they were able
to recover basically on like a,
I don't wanna say a respirator,
but something helping it get to his limbs.
But unfortunately, they had to tell him
that he was gonna lose his right leg.
And just throughout the process of everything,
he was like the rock in the family.
And Robin, the mother, said that when the doctor
and them had to prepare him for telling him
about getting his leg amputated, he just looked at them both
and was like, I trust whatever you guys are saying.
Let's go.
And so the mother described him just kind of being
the rock of the family throughout this whole process
And and that's of course his other question was is I'm I gonna get to play hockey again?
So obviously the doctors amputated the leg, but he's got a prosthetic now and he's 14 years old. He's a healthy boy
You know, he has lost some function in his arms, but he is the most positive
Optimistic soul you'll ever meet in your life. Smiled
the whole time.
He's a stud too.
Just an absolute stud and an inspiration. So it was really cool that Brandt put us in
touch and sent that original group chat out and it was just great to get to meet him and
we'll be following Hudson's career from here on out. And I think I believe his saying is
his trying is winning and that's his philosophy moving forward
after being through this whole experience.
And like I said, it was just a pleasure getting to meet him
and it really puts things in a perspective for everyone.
And another reason why I love doing what we do here
and I appreciate Brant Myers and Rob and his mother.
And of course his father who's coaching his team now
for putting me in touch with him.
And we're going to, like I said, be following his every move and we sent them a big merch
packets for Chicklets and we appreciate your support, buddy.
We love you.
We love you over here Hudson.
How about his prosthetic leg too?
Yeah, it's got the Chicklets logo and the Bauer logo.
And even because he did lose some function in his hands, Bauer
was able to make him like a special glove so it helps with his grip and helps him kind
of work the other hand up and down as you would if you're trying to make plays and stuff.
So he was a stud hockey player when he was eight and he's continued that success regardless
of all these setbacks and he's a, he's a, like I said, an inspiration to all. So shout
out to Hudson, my guy.
Dude, Brandt Myers too is awesome.
He, uh, he went through a lot in his life and teammates talk about this guy.
Like he's just a legend and what he's doing now, helping others and how he's
helped himself and, and it's just so cool that he reached out and you were going
to Edmonton biz, that was awesome.
It just worked out.
It just worked out perfect.
I think something like I've learned being a parent, like you hear these stories, it's
just heartbreaking.
But kids are so fucking resilient, dude.
Kids are resilient.
They don't have the attitude at times that adults can have of just like, woe is me and
feeling bad for themselves.
And obviously there's times everyone goes through,
that kids are just beasts.
Like that kid, he gets that news and boom,
he's just like all positivity and that's awesome, Biz.
So I'm really pumped you got to do that
and thank you so much Hudson for listening.
You are an inspiration to all.
Yeah, so among all that stuff,
it was pretty nice getting to fill up the love tank this weekend and and ready to roll and talk some hockey and I mean the drama
Continues you guys want to hop into this Vancouver shit. We have to we have fuck man
It's a fact you've had a horse owner of the team in the midst of this is funny
I've been I just finished talking at the table for 20 minutes about this situation
I just finished talking at the table for 20 minutes about this situation and
I said the exact same thing to a Kalini as I did at the dinner table
Regardless of how bad things are with JT Miller right now in the drama surrounding it you don't give away this
Asset for nothing if if it's so toxic and I put my hands in the air, which I don't think it's that bad
But if it's that toxic given maybe the put my hands in the air, which I don't think it's that bad, but if it's that toxic, given maybe the fact
he's a little bit banged up,
I don't think he's playing his best hockey right now,
maybe a little bit of frustration with the distraction
of all the media stuff.
He has played a lot of hard hockey
over the course of the last 18 months.
And talk it was, I don't wanna say overly critical,
but just honest about his assessment
of his game, don't move off of this asset for nothing.
Healthy, scratch him for five, six games if you have to.
You might upset him, but my understanding,
he has asked for a trade.
Now publicly, he's denying asking for this trade.
I didn't get into the weeds about this with Accolini,
I just simply said, don't trade him for a first-rounder and Hiddle.
That's not the move because even if you don't make playoffs this year and he's
not very good and things fizzle out to the point where maybe he's not even with
the team anymore, I don't think it'll get there. But how desperate are 10 to 15
teams in the league
gonna be this summer at trying to get
a first two line center?
You might not think he's a first line center,
but on a Stanley Cup winning team,
that's a second line center.
I don't give a fuck about your feelings,
I don't care about nothing.
And in the right locker room with good leadership
and maybe a lot of like-minded individuals
who are a little bit tapped in
the competitive department, that is a trade that you will get so much more back for than
whatever we hear is being proposed now.
Now I didn't talk about Schneider because at that point I hadn't heard his name come
up.
I don't think, I think that if you're getting a first-rounder and Schneider and maybe a
sprinkle of something else and maybe it's just Schneider,
I actually don't mind that.
They need a good quality young defenseman.
I would imagine Keandre Miller's off the table,
but don't move off of this guy.
And another thing, even if you don't make playoffs,
it's all anybody in the city wants to talk about.
You're still getting clicks,
everybody is still very much engaged,
and you're still gonna play.
Yeah, but they don't care about winning, dude.
They don't care about clicks.
I understand, dude, but I'm saying is,
is everybody's engaged.
So why would you move off the asset for cheap,
given how everything's going right now?
This is a fan base that was chanting this guy's fucking
name less than a year ago.
This is a good hockey player.
You're telling me because things have maybe fizzled out,
you're just gonna say, oh, let's just get rid of the headache?
I'm hearing from behind the scenes
he is asking for a trade,
but then publicly it's being said
that he is not asking for that.
Well, and then it was made clear,
Peterson said he wants to stay.
So like that was brought up to him.
Now, in fairness to JT Miller and Rick talk, it was honest about it.
He said, like, every time he gets on the ice right now, something bad's happening
and some of it's bad luck and some of it he brought up his reads.
And then, like, I saw a tweet going into, like, some of his reads that L.A.
game, they were down three, nothing, I think eight minutes in.
They ended up losing five one.
He's on the PKs like diving in on offense.
They end up scoring up going up the other way.
Talk. It goes down to him on the bench, says something to him.
Probably, hey, you're done for the night.
He slides to the end of the bench.
Vancouver's getting worked again at home.
And it was like, oh, my God, the sky is falling in van.
Basically, a little bit too much guessing for his game where you're trying to jump the
cheat to the offensive side. What'd you say?
I said, but at least they're getting clicks.
You think I'm fucking crazy. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Are you trading them for Heedle in a first
rounder? You've been fucking blowing this guy the last three podcasts. You're trading
for a first rounder.
But it was a D-Man, Hedl, and a first rounder, which is a little different.
Okay, and if we're talking D-Man, it was Mancini, a guy who's got issues with concussions in
the past and a first rounder.
You're not making that trade.
Yeah, I don't know anything about the Mancini, but I think it's got to the point in a guy
like JT Miller that
obviously wears his heart on his sleeve, like we've seen with that team and he's
getting emotional, it's consuming him.
I think the longer it plays on, I think the worse it's going to get.
I think when you're talking about a big time player, a guy of his stature, a guy
that's been done what he's done in the league, especially last year.
I think the longer you talk about it and the more you're talking about it, you might not
have dealt with it that much, but when your name's getting talked about getting traded,
your whole family's there.
You were a single guy playing in the NHL with you two, but when you have a family and your
name's getting talked about every day, especially in Canada.
It's brutal.
I think you got to pull the trigger and just trade the guy. I think you got to do it once. Once it's getting like the ball rolling,
you hear that the trade was about to happen on Saturday or whatever.
Yeah. It wasn't going to play. And then you're like, Hey, all right, buddy.
You're in, but I'm, but I'm also saying if I'm a Colini and I own the fucking
team, I would, you don't think this is gonna happen with the gargoyles?
You don't think I'm gonna say,
please fucking giving this guy up for that?
Screw that, I don't care if things aren't working
out in the locker room.
We need a watch machine.
To the point where I even said,
I agree probably the reads are off
and he's dipping in and his mind's not into it
because of the amount he's being fucked with the media.
That's why I said, even if it's like a,
hey, take some healthy scratches and hit the reset,
it's your asset, you could treat it
however the fuck you want.
And that's no disrespect to JT,
but that's if the relationship is genuinely fizzled out
to that degree, where he doesn't want to be in the locker room
and it's that ugly, I'm still not moving off of him
for what we were hearing that the offer was
from the other side.
I'll tell you this much, you don't think Drury and the Rangers are more desperate to make
a move than Vancouver Canucks?
How good were the Vancouver Canucks and how good was Pederson when JT wasn't even around?
So fucking, even if you got to send him home, this summer he's going to be worth way more.
And based on all the clicks and the media exposure as to what's going on, the fact that
they're a bubble team, I don't think anything changes as far as
gait and attention to the team anyway.
So I think this summer you get so much more
and that's it, that's my opinion.
And I think that the Rangers and or someone else
is gonna offer and sweeten the pot
way more than what's been offered so far.
But it's also a bad look.
If you're the owner of the team or the GM
and you're just healthy scratching this guy to trade
Them in the summer other free agents are gonna see that shit and be like I ain't signing there
They want to read me. They're gonna sit me down the rest free agents in Canada
It's a fucking gonk. So look how they're treating JT right now. This is all you need to know
Hey as Michael buble said on our Instagram page, they should trade some of the media
I let's let's go they should trade some of the media.
Let's go to the real source of the problem.
I'm willing to talk about this a little bit,
but I'm basically being forced,
my hand is being forced to talk about this,
because it's the fucking How's Wives of North Vancouver
at the Arbutus Club eating the fucking head seats
in the back seat right now.
As somebody who-
Level three, baby!
We're on level three, motherfuckers! As somebody who loves seeing the Canucks struggle based on my passion and love for the Oilers,
can I maybe say that this could all be the start of something with the Canucks, though?
Because Saturday night, boys, JT Miller did play, and he was a horse, and he had one of
the best games he's had this year.
He had two assists in the first period.
He was all over the top dogs for the Oilers.
They got an enormous emotional win.
What if we're now, all right, what if they win it?
What if they beat, what if they win Tuesday?
I don't know who they have Tuesday.
Bingo, bingo.
And then they got the Oilers again Thursday.
Bingo.
And maybe this is something that gets them going.
You don't think JT Miller's a proud guy? I'd dangle that. Maybe we don't need you.
Boom, horse mode activated.
Now if he asks for the trade, then it's like, well I don't really care how good I play.
Well then ask your value baby, rat that horse.
Oh and they play Buffalo at home Tuesday, that's a win.
They play Buffalo. Now this kind of segues perfectly
into the league's decision.
As all this is going on in Vancouver,
at the end of that game, that whole Garland incident
happens, and then Bouchard gets cross-checked in the face
by Tyler Myers.
And boy, oh boy, did the league fuck this one up.
I don't care if you want to direct all your hate
and negativity towards me. The fact that they gave those guys three games and not one game each.
So all those same fucking guys are on the ice in Edmonton come Thursday night is
one of the biggest misses I've seen in the league over the last calendar year.
I would have taken a pregame nap for Thursday night.
No shit. No shit.
To watch?
You've got to almost fabricate intensity in today's game and you have it on a fucking
silver platter and you're going to suspend the best player in the game who players have
been draping all over all season long.
And on that play, Garland as he's getting up, locks his arm, drags him down, tired
end of the shift.
And then after he finally battles through that, Garland kind of wraps his arms around him and takes him
down again. And you got no oxygen going in your brain because you basically just had
a goddamn jujitsu match against a midget. And then you say, fuck you. And you cross
check him in the face. And so right. And so we should have fucking done that. And he should
have paid the piper one fucking game. Three games?
I don't know how he got more than Matthews on Dahlien.
That was two, maybe two.
That still has a miss in the Canucks game.
No, I would have looked at the schedule
and I would have said, perfect.
These motherfuckers could go police themselves.
Case fucking closed.
Three games?
Fuck off.
You know what it reminded me of? It reminded me.
I'm a younger brother. You're an older brother wit, but it reminded me of when like you're
a little brother picking on your older brother and your parents are in the background and
like don't hit them. Don't hit them to the older brother. And then finally the older
brother just snaps and just cross checks you right in the face. Because Garland, if someone's all over you like that, that's something no matter
who you are, you are going to lose your mind. And he did.
And I know you should give three games to that fucking referee who didn't call the
two fucking holes.
But it was West Macaulay and it was West Macaulay and Chris Lee, two really good
refs. I was watching this game screaming at the television.
It was like 12.45. It was past midnight.
They're trying to tie up the game. They're down 3-0.
They come back kings lately. They make it 3-2.
They're buzzing around the offensive zone.
He was laying on them for 12 seconds. 12 seconds.
There's two refs. I'm so sick and tired, and we have Bob Stauffer
on today's episode, the legend.
Bob motherfucking Stauffer, I'll call him.
And he talks a lot about what McDavid's going through.
I am so sick and tired of watching this guy
game in and game out get assaulted
without penalties called on him.
I do not care if you think that I'm being biased
being an Oilers fan, this guy should have 10 times
the amount of penalties called against him than they do
or penalties he draws.
It's crazy, dude.
And he's willing.
Did you see the sleuth foot he took from Kempe?
Yeah, Kempe got fined.
Oh, he got fined but no penalty?
5K, 5K.
Now also-
And then another thing too, go ahead,
you're frustrated, go ahead.
Yeah, the refs, the refs, the refs,
dude, they give the guy, what's the Russian on the islanders?
They give him a major, they review it, they take it away,
then he gets suspended.
It's like, I don't get it, I don't get it,
I don't understand what's happening.
And this situation, you wanna talk about a ref
grabbing ahold of a game or losing control of a game?
That was on the refs at the end
of that Vancouver Edmonton game.
I've never seen something like that not be called.
And Canucks fans are saying like,
oh, like, McDavid could've got up, could got up could have like buddy you think he wants to lay there trying to tie up the game under a minute left
He's being held hold and just assaulted by Garland and he had enough
He you know what he got lucky he got lucky
He didn't get in trouble for that elbow on Johansson which he said I think to you on TNT is that it was I wasn't on purpose
Which I caught I I don't think it was either. I don't think it was on TNT biz that it was I wasn't on purpose which I caught I
Don't think it was either. I don't think it was on purpose either and a lot of the minute Hey, listen, he ends you're rolling your eyes and you could say your piece
You know what Wayne's comment was he goes he's he's taken way more of those than he's given that he's had enough
He's had enough and he's and he's had enough and rightfully so I don't know if he's getting his information from Bob
and he's had enough, and rightfully so. I don't know if he's getting his information
from Bob Soffer exactly.
The nugget that which he provides,
in which I'm not gonna spoil, that was crazy.
Like I had no idea it was that bad
with the amount of punishment he's taken.
Go ahead, Yans, how do you feel about it?
I think he definitely meant to, yeah, I mean,
he knows what he's doing.
The guy's the most, he's the best player in the game.
He knows what he's doing.
He's obviously not trying to hit him in the chin.
He's not trying to hit him in the chin and hurt him.
Obviously he's trying to get separation
or throw the pick for his teammate
when he leaves him in the park.
But I absolutely loved the fact that he cross-checked him
in the face.
You think all these superstars in the game,
even Kucherov has that mean streak to him.
He'll cross-check you in the back of the head.
He brings Ovechkin. You know Kucherov has that mean streak to him. He'll check you in the bag Hey, he brings over David. I call him the Leonard. We're in the we're in the Leonard era
Yeah, yeah, he's got it. I don't want your I don't want your thousand-point bone you fucks. I want a cup
I'm married McDavid bitch. Yep. Yeah, he I love that
He's at that fact that at that point in his career that he's like, you know what, I'm not getting the calls that I want.
I'm not going to bitch about it.
I'm not going to complain.
I'm not going to go to the media.
I'm going to take this into my own hand.
I'm going to throw a couple elbows at guys.
They're going to not want to come near me as much as they wanted to back in the day.
And he is taking it in control of himself.
He's not waiting for a tough guy on their team to come out and fight a guy for him
He's doing it himself. That's gonna give him an extra half of a second
Which he doesn't need because he's the best player in the fucking planet
So he's gonna the fact that he's doing this right now during the season. It's not during playoffs
He's he's ramping it up now for them in up with
For you being a fan of that team being a fan of him, I absolutely
love that. And he gets three days of rest. He's going to come back and have a hundred
points in the next 25 games.
That's the one thing is he gets the three games off. The Oilers are so good. They're
going to win the Pacific division. I know people are, Vegas, Vegas is a great team.
The Oilers are something else. They really are. And I think with that, we should throw
it over to Stoff because we go into this, we catch up on all things Oilers are something else. They really are. And I think with that, we should throw it over to Stoff because we go into this, we
catch up on all things Oilers, and then we got way more to talk about in the NHL.
But right now, I think it's time to send it over to Bob Stoffer.
Guys, before we go any further, I need to talk to you about Organe.
As an athlete or a former athlete, I care about what I put in my body and especially when it comes to protein.
This podcast is sponsored by Orgain. Orgain believes real nutrition has the power to make a real difference in people's lives.
Orgain's new 30 gram complete protein shakes offer protein packed real nutrition designed to satisfy your cravings without any added sugar.
That's the big thing here. No added sugar.
Plus, they're an excellent source of premium ultra-filtered protein with 9, all 9, essential amino acids.
Are you looking to fuel your personal best?
Need muscle support and recovery?
Or are you just looking to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Organs, 30-gram protein shakes, check all of the boxes. Are you busy? Yep, us too. That's
why Orgain is simple. You literally just grab one of Orgain's protein shakes and
go. Bring it to a workout in the car, wherever you need it. No more time
consuming prep to get you all the protein you need. Orgain, I was lucky enough they
sent me the vanilla flavor. Incredible. I'm crushing these things. I'm getting protein all day long
with vanilla and I can't wait to try the other flavors. Remember, there is no quick
fixes when it comes to your health. If you want more protein, give Orgain 30
gram protein shakes a try. Head on over to orgain.com slash chiclets and use code chiclets for 30 off your
order. That's 30. O-R-G-A-I-N dot com slash chiclets. That's the best offer
you'll find, but you have time to use this code. Chiclets is 30 off. One last
time for 30 off, head to orgain.com slash chiclets and use our code chiclets.
and use our code CHICKLITS. It's a very special day every time we have this guy on the show.
It's been a little while.
It's been a long time coming, but he's back, the host of Oilers Now on 880th Ched,
and panelists on Sportsnet for the Ed McTroyles games, we got Bob Stoffer.
What's going on, Stoffer? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, on, Stauffer? No, no, no, no, no, no, not a Stauff, man.
There you go, yeah.
You got all three of my chins in the shot, I see.
So that's good.
It's all downhill, Paul.
I mean, another, about another 12 years from now,
you'll only be able to beat the hell out of the four guys.
He'll be doing triple sessions then in the gym.
We got the hottest team in hockey
and the hottest media member in hockey, Bob Stauffer. Let's
go. Hey, when I'm getting DMs from you about the team, I know you're hot to trot and come
on and give them a double wrist or I cannot wait to hear the stats that you're going to
pull out of your ass for this team.
And actually Biz makes a good point stuff because the best team in the league for over
two months, but we have some news this past weekend that has really sent me and you just
flipping out basically just spiraling and the lack, the lack of protection for
Connor McDavid, the game's greatest player.
Take us through your reaction Saturday night in Vancouver, heated rivalry, and
what went down and transpired.
So the politically correct euphemism for what occurs in Vancouver
is that it's a unique market.
Uh, Ryan, you use some wonderful terminology to express, uh, your feelings
towards the conduct of a, a younger kid that I, as a broadcaster, uh, for a
respective team just can't go down the path, but Vancouver, you know, it's a
market that's had, uh, you know, two riots and they've never won a cup, a bad
luck.
Those are, those are facts.
Those are facts, right?
Like they've had two of the classiest players of all time on their team,
Henrik and Daniel city.
And they've had some great players.
They've had some, you know, even last year's team was a really good team.
Uh, I remember sitting there, you'll laugh at this.
It was after game five, the Connucks Miller scored in the final minute of the game.
They're up three to where the hotel afterwards and there with the Frank Sirvalli.
So two fat guys just sitting there trying to enjoy a glass of wine and a couple
of Connucks start speaking to me about how bad the orders franchise is.
And I'm sitting here looking at them like, Hey dude, it's a best of couple cannot start speaking to me about how bad the orders franchise is.
And I'm sitting here looking at them like, Hey dude, it's a best of seven, not a best of five.
So I was polite for about a minute and a half.
And then, you know, after about a minute and a half, the old school
Bob that grew up and was stupid enough to try to, you know, stare down Todd
you and when, you know, Todd, the only guy ever to knock out Bob Robert in a
fight and I'm like, all right, buddy enough, go back to your
table, screw off and remember it's the best of seven and funny, I didn't see
that guy after game seven in Vancouver after, but their fans, their fans, their
fans bring a certain energy.
Okay.
And the truth is the Conucks aren't, I know they've had a tough year.
I think they're going to make the playoffs.
They got a good team.
They got a relentless management team. They got a make the playoffs. They got a good team. They got a relentless management team.
They got a good head coach.
They got some good players.
I got a little, but there's always something there.
The games are always there.
They're different.
It's a different environment and it started early.
Like Miller, they were ready to go.
Okay.
You know, Ray Farrell said he was on my show last week and he said, uh,
Bob, they have an A game and a D game.
Well, they brought their A game against Edmonton and we were on the, you know,
the orders were there.
Basically it was eighth game in eight different cities over the last year.
They were traveling a ton to the back to back where they came back.
We've been traveling Paul all over the place. And not to excuse it.
Vancouver was good early.
They were on it, but my, I got riled up right away.
Like Bouchard goes back to make a play.
JT Miller cross checks him.
No problem.
That's not a penalty in 1980, but it is today.
Right.
And he cross checks him and Bush does what I would expect Bush to do.
Turn around and slash him back across the wrist chop.
You know what?
No harm, no foul each way.
Well, they get a power play.
Okay.
And it just started there.
Three power plays in the first period.
They capitalize.
He scored a couple of goals.
They missed a trip on the, on the second power play gold out the three, nothing
game now, evidence chase it and the letters to their credit battle back and
made a game of it, and then we had the incident, the end of the game, wit, I know it cheesed you off.
And I got, you know, it just, we just, just think about what we
watched on Saturday in the NFL.
We watched Patrick Mahomes and the chiefs.
They were going to win that game anyways, but he got gifted to 15 yard
unnecessary roughness penalties.
Barely touched on the play because in
the NFL we protect the stars.
That's the mandate.
Got to protect the quarterbacks.
They protect the stars.
You can't hit Pat Malmsey.
Maybe they've gone too far.
Conversely in the national hockey league, Connor, but David has been gifted from
the gods, he is the most dynamic, advanced player we have ever seen going into action
today.
He's putting the glasses on.
Folks listen on the podcast clip that shit.
Okay.
Going into action today, Mcgavid has drawn 0.89 penalties per 60 plate.
So if you factor in his time on ice and how many penalties he's drawn,
it's 0.89 penalties drawn per 60.
That is 197 in the NHL.
That's impossible, Biz.
Can you admit that Biz?
I agree, man.
I agree.
How?
I don't know how I don't get like, we're all like, you guys have done an
unreal job with, with, with your podcast and growing your brand.
But at the end of the day, we're all here because of the players.
That's as a broadcaster for a team.
I'm in an Edmonton market and the orders, despite the fact that they're a
midsize market relative to the NHL or maybe even a small market relative to a population.
They are not a small market because of the power of that building and because
of the power of their stars and what the passion means, you know, in oil country
for hockey, but we're in the entertainment business and we're here because of the
players and the most advanced electrifying player in the league is 197th
and penalty minutes drawn per penalty minutes drawn per 60 minutes.
It makes no sense.
It makes no sense.
And Stoff, the thing about Mahomes is, and Brady didn't do this, he does like, he kind of, he hams it up.
Like that one getting pushed out of bounds, he gets Little Dive going.
And on Twitter, obviously there's Oilers haters
and McDavid haters and they call him McDive and McFlop.
I'm biased, Biz.
I don't think he fights through a lot of shit
without throwing the head back and stuff.
Yeah, he does a lot.
And he took a sleuth foot, I think it was from Adrian Kempi
in LA last week that was pretty vicious.
And, Soft, the thing I was gonna ask you about is
I feel like he's getting a little bit nasty
in his own right, kind of fighting this back,
where you did see the play in Minnesota.
Like, I personally, I don't give a fuck,
even if they didn't give him a two minute minor,
like you hear Minnesota fans complaining like,
oh, you know, he's the cock of the walk,
so he's not getting called, but it's going both ways
where he's taking that abuse.
And I like the fact that he's starting to give it back.
Like you saw against Minnesota
and like you ended up seeing against Garland.
Yeah, I think you make a great point.
Look, I do think there's a time-honored tradition
in the NHL where it's very egalitarian.
They don't really go out of their way to, to, to treat the stars best. They never really.
It happened with Sid a little bit off the hop too, right?
Like he was kind of getting mauled a lot.
And you earn that.
Now what used to happen, Paul is when you did that to Wayne and the orders of the
eighties, you had some Anko, you had McSorley, you had McClelland take your
pick the orders had one of the three toughest teams in the NHL every year. You had some Anko, you had McSorley, you had McClelland. Take your pick.
The orders had one of the three toughest teams in the NHL every year.
And I'm going to put the Flyers in the brooms there as well.
Cause they had tough team.
Like St.
Louis had tough teams in the mid seventies when they had Bob gas off and
the Flyers were tough.
And then the toughest team in hockey at that time was not in Philadelphia and
was not in St.
Louis.
It was in new Westminster with punch McLean who's still alive at 92 and was
at the game in Vancouver the other night.
That team was tough.
That team was psychotic tough.
But the point I'm making it the players.
Totally disappointed back in the day, but we've moved away from that where we
have limited role players that knew their job and kept the rats honest.
Right.
That's basically that's what you and we've moved away from that.
And now you can take liberties. job and kept the rats honest. Right. That's basically that's what you and we've moved away from that.
And now you can take liberties.
And what has to happen in that situation is you have to officiate and not manage.
You have to make calls. And, and so that's when I sit there and quote a stat, like, you know, 197th.
And I think it's inevitable that there'd be, we're pre we're taping
this before the official word comes down.
It's probably a one or two games suspension for Conor.
So here's my thoughts on that.
And I might've already mentioned it because we're we prerecorded and now we
got this interview dropping the game needs this right now.
Okay.
There's an opportunity for the NHL to let it police itself.
If all those players that were involved in that incident are not playing against each other Thursday
when they re-meet, I think it's the biggest fucking fumble
by the NHL in the last few years.
Everybody is talking about this incident,
you're talking about the fact that McDavid's gonna,
let these guys police themselves and put them in the line.
Two cross checks, eye for an eye,
get them back in the fucking lineup.
If they wanna find them a little bit of money,
find them a little bit of money,
but put them in the lineup against each other Thursday
and let them figure it out themselves.
Totally agree.
Also, because he's so fast and so quick
and side to side and everything you talk about
with McDavid's skills, I understand you can't call him all
because there are times he could have 10 penalties called against him in a game. It's crazy. But to
be one 97th on that list for penalties drawn for 60 minutes played like at least give him
like top 20. Right. Like I get there. I get with his game. There's going to be missed
calls because because of the way he plays. But you cannot have him sitting that far down
the list and as
Oilers fans who get called complainers like me online it's like I'm watching the games dude and yes
I'm biased, but I'm pretty open with calls against the Oilers. I'm like that was a penalty
He deserved to get that one and you just don't see enough and Leon fights through him
Just Leon actually earlier than Connor. I think took things into his own hands of like, all right, I'm just going to get this guy myself.
What do you guys think the answer is internally if they can combat this? I think that Corey
Perry has done a pretty good job this year of stepping up and fighting for the group.
And then in this conversation, how much is a Vander Kane missed as far as maybe a little
added protection for him?
He's missed huge. I mean, I know last year they were playing Minnesota and Duhaime was still in
Minnesota and he ran Derek Ryan, their fourth line center and Derek.
We just cleared waivers today.
I mean, he's etched out an unbelievable career, right?
Like he didn't start NHL until he was 29.
He's played 600 games in the league.
Him and Belmar are the only players in NHL history to do that.
He's got an unbelievable amount of respect for his teammates and Kane
skated right over to Haven said, you're not doing that.
And you know, there was like, you know, it's a fourth lines guy that Kane's
stepping up and fighting for, right.
In that situation.
And he, you know, he did fine in the fight because of Andrew can fight, but
they miss, they miss a Vander and, uh, I think of
enters in Washington today, actually.
But I saw that the inauguration granada was yes.
But, uh, no, they miss like they miss, they miss that dimension.
There's less air.
Harry's been unbelievable, but he, he called like he had gamesmanship.
Right.
That's part of why Corey, I mean, Corey was a great star at one time.
He's he's he's reinvented himself to extend his career, but he totally,
he's always had gamesmanship in it.
And, and the others, you others have an older veteran team that doesn't panic.
You guys saw that firsthand last year, the playoffs, and again, this year,
you know, all the times they've come from behind in games, but they're
not the most physical team.
And so, you know, now they are a little bit more physical at home and they
aren't wrote on the road and that's not, that's not having a home hit counter
going on, Paulie, they just, they play it in part, it might be a part because of
the matchup, I hope that what you're suggesting ultimately comes to fruition.
I first of all, it would suck to see Connor get suspended for a couple
games and miss them at home.
Um, you know, McDavid's awfully giving with his time.
He does a lot for the league.
The least they could do is recognize maybe as the NHL is reaching,
um, you know, an unforeseen scenario revenue wise compared to maybe
we really were a few years ago and we're all benefiting from it.
Everybody.
Everybody does.
It's hard to get this type of passion
in an 82 game schedule.
Yes.
You can't fabricate it.
Why would you take it away when you have the opportunity?
We're talking about a couple cross checks here.
Give them each one game as long as they're all
in the lineup with each other on Thursday.
That's what people want to fucking watch. Well, let's not, let's not overthink it here.
You guys know this, there's a healthy rivalry with Vancouver, right?
A little bit of fun at the start. The truth is I totally respect their management
is works hard. They're co they got a good head coach.
They got Quinn Hughes.
I know all of focus is always on Miller and Peterson there.
Quinn Hughes is by far their best player.
It's not even cool.
This year has made that evidently clear.
Yeah.
Like he's had in shoulders and he was probably hurt against
Edmonton last year in the playoffs.
Like, cause he wasn't quite himself.
Uh, but I'm with you, Paul.
We need, you know, you need games that matter in the regular season, but the
biggest thing is just call the penalty.
The guy's got the pocket con.
I get it.
He's moving fast.
There's little reaches and little hooks.
He does not embellish.
I'm here to tell you that right now.
He's not going to the bill barber, 1974 Philadelphia fires school of diamond.
He's not that guy.
Stop.
I was talking to Jason Greger last week after the announcement of
Klingberg was announced and I was actually curious if he kind of heard anything and and how the recovery's gone
how his skating's been and my point to him was and he was agreeing is like if
he's
75 80 percent of peak John Klingberg, I know that's asking a lot and it's a crazy surgery then oh my god
Could that help the oilers a ton?
But explain to me how you look at the deal and can you can you make it clear to maybe non-oilers fans on how?
They have six weeks to basically see before the deadline in terms of like do we still need more out right shot D?
Yeah, well first of all, I mean Klingberg skated today and did it
at a meaty availability today.
He says for the first time in years, we had a hip resurfacing surgery, right.
Or procedure done.
He says he feels way better.
He looked really fluid today.
Frankly, he looked thin.
Like for me, he looked light, quick and fast.
I know that, uh, uh, you know, I, I had a lot of people, wow.
So I'm like, it's uh, you know, I, I had a lot of people, while I was, I'm like,
it's tough to tell in a practice.
Like we had a couple of years ago in 2020, when we came back for the bubble.
Remember the bubble was an Edmonton in the opening day of practice.
Philip Roberg was the best player in the ice.
He looked unreal.
So can be a little deceiving, but there's an opportunity there for Klingberg.
If you have evidence, you know, I talked to one of the players today, you know, we, and he was being polite and respectful, but he goes, I
think we have a top three set of forwards in the NHL.
Okay.
So get the puck up the ice to the forwards.
And if you, if you, if you took a look at the advanced analytics at home and
Bouchard play an awful lot with McDavid, when McDavid and dry settlers split up.
Well, the one thing Klingberg can do is he can transition the puck.
He can get it up the ice by letting the puck do the work.
Ryan, I know there's fans that crap on you for your time at Edmonton.
You played for a brutal ankle injury.
When you came back, you got the puck up the ice to the best players.
That's what forwards want.
I goal suck my entire time in my career
where unlike you guys I wasn't a has-be and I was a never was okay but I'm
telling you right now those defensemen that could get the puck up the ice that
could let me cheat a little bit or let you know let me and hit you in stride so
you can beat the defenseman wide I mean and that's what claim bird can do so
it's Dan Bowman sitting there and everybody's like, Oh, I'm going to need a big six foot three, six foot four shut down.
Ready?
I'd argue if you'd take a look at what would compliment the orders
the best it's another guy that could move the box.
It's Ryan Whitney.
Bring them back.
It's no wonder you want this guy on all time.
After all those,
the best he could ask him.
I told his old buddy, Joff just before the Olympics in 2010.
I go, Hey, what kind of guy is Ryan Whitney? He knew I was coming. That's unbelievable.
Hey, and you talk about D and moving the puck up ice and based on each team, right? Yeah.
You need to, you need with Edmonton, you need to get that puck up and Darnall Nurse from
me, from fan bases, he's taken heat. And this year it's been like, Oh my God, that's Yeah, you need to you need with Edmonton you need to get that puck up and Darnell nurse. Yeah
Basis he's taking heat and this year. It's been like oh my god this guy just just pressed the simplify button He decided that when there wasn't a play there
He chip it out and it's opened up more passes for him as defense has been great
Like how excited are you for him?
Cuz I know he's a really good guy for everyone I talked to and that people are
finally and rightfully so saying what a season he's having while he played
through injury, like he was hurt during that Vancouver series last year.
And I know it cratered at that point.
Uh, and then he bounced back when he played with Broberts starting in game
four in Dallas last year, uh, but less is more for Darnell, right?
That's basically what you'd say.
And Darnell is so like, I'll never forget this. We were at the rookie tournament in Penticton.
That's the last time I joined you.
It was back in September.
We shot it from their arena and nurse got in a fight.
Rasmus Anderson picked the fight and nurse beat the way.
I mean, it was a nurse knows how to fight and Rasmus took the fight.
Rasmus doesn't take any crap from anybody.
He doesn't want to get traded out of Calgary because he hates
Edmonton and Vancouver.
If I'm a flame, I love that.
Right.
Like, but then because nurse had done a number on, on Rasmus nurse went down
to Calgary for the first preseason game.
And they had a guy named Hunter Smith, six foot six, toughest guy in the OHL.
And, uh, nurse got one, like, you know, nurse didn't have the range. I don't know if nurse was as strong, but he showed more guile and got good
positioning and he landed one and it drove the visor back in a honor Smith's
face and blew his face up.
And I was like, damn, Darnell's tough.
Like that's cause he took, he had to eat a couple.
Well, now what's happened.
You talk Paul about the importance of being able to answer Darnell's so valuable.
I don't want him being the guy that unless it's Hey, if it's JT Miller, fine.
You're taking off a really good ride, but he can't be taken off with all due respect.
He can't be taken off a bottom six forward or third pairing defense.
It's got to be a top four guy like him, or it's got to be, you know, one of their
star forwards that they're going to play that way.
That's how well he's, he's, he's a super important player for the team.
They basically.
They've got McGavin and dry settle who are two of the, I mean, Leon's the
best player in the league this year, but two of the five best players on the planet.
Then they, they, they had the support guys and Nugent Hopkins, you know, and,
and, and Darnell that are drafted and developed, and then they added at home
and Bush in Hyman, right at home and Hyman and the, you know, the character
that that, and that's part of the reason why they've become as good as they're
a consistent 50 wind team every year now right and so they're
really good on the left side of the fence with that column nurse and two
likes having a great year too. I asked Wayne this question I said back when they
went to the finals right and then the following year they returned and ended
up winning they didn't have much turnover right and I said I said, how are the oilers going to do it?
Where you lose a guy like Fogel Hathaway, McLeod, Broberg, like how have they
been able to replenish those positions so quickly and why are they, what is
making them have success as a result?
Yeah.
Uh, you know, I had a lot of animated discussions with some of our people in
the fall last year about specifically about Holloway and Broberg.
Uh, just because again, those were the best two picks that like, like
Cattle Hall and as GM at the second best record in the Western conference in the
five years, the orders have played the second most high off gains in the last
three years and his two best picks were Broberg and Holloway and I wanted them
to be a part of it long-term and you know, St. Louis, very strategic
timing on the offer sheets.
Um, it's a different team, Paul.
That's all there is to it.
It's a different team than it was last year.
Doesn't have it.
I'd suggest you could probably think its way around the game a little better.
Okay.
Cause it's got some older, more mature guys, but Holloway, uh, you could see it
coming, he just needed to be given a slot.
It was common in McCloud's case.
Sometimes you got to accept what a player is instead of worrying all
the time about what he isn't, you know, uh, Fogel for Ardbertson, you know,
Arbetson is a five time, 20 goals scored, two time, 30 goals score.
I like him.
He's a honey badger.
He is, but Fogel had 20 even strength goals last year.
That's hard to do.
Sorry.
I respect all the three forwards that are gone.
I don't think they could have matched on bro.
Bergen.
Like just could have done that, but certainly it's a different looking forward group.
And I will tell you as a, I was in grade 12 year, the orders won their first cup.
We weren't sure the orders could beat the Islanders at that time
until game three and evident and then they just destroyed them.
And I was like, it's over, man. You can see, you could see the flip and you knew it was evidence time.
This was different.
What happened last year?
Like the orders got smoked in four straight games by the Islanders back in 83.
The orders learned from that, you know, Wayne would tell the story and so
embark on all those other guys about seeing how beat up the Islanders back in 83, the orders learned from that, you know, Wayne would tell the story and so would Mark all those other guys about seeing how beat
up the Islanders were as they walked past the dress room.
I mean, against Florida was one bounce.
If that puck ricochets in the photo shot off of, uh, Kulikov in Lynette, there's
no two, one goal the other way eight seconds later and, you know, they didn't
get a bounce that's that's that's hockey.
I mean, I'm a huge NFL fan.
I got guys, all of Mars, never going to win the big game.
I'm like, he threw the ball on a two point convert to the most sure handed,
tight ended the entire league and the guy fricking drop it.
Don't give me this.
You can't win the big game.
Right.
That's so it's, it's going to happen for Edmonton,
but they're going to make an addition or two between now
and the deadline.
That's I can all the guarantee of that.
Cause I think they need to just change,
just tweak a little bit with what they got.
And, and just to go to maybe one of those guys who was
supposed to replenish the lineup, Skinner,
I think he was healthy scratch three games in a row.
This guy's never played a playoff game,
which some people seem to like use against him. Like, do you think that it's just a rough patch?
Do you think he's going to be the type of player that could actually help this get this
group over the hump? I think he'll have to decide that. I think that if he amends his
game to play the orders game, then he'll be fine. Like he's, and I'm going to tell you,
I mean, what do you mean by that? He's just like too soft, like not willing to go to this certain areas. I think,
I think when I watch him, I see a guy that needs to give the pot,
especially when he's playing with, you know, when he,
the guy that's killed it here has been put Coles.
Like he he's been a surprise. Like he's come in, he hits,
he hits stuff. Yeah, he's around. Well, and then I mean,
he knocked out was on in a fight and he felt bad about it.
Cause you know, AJ Greer did a number on him in his first fight.
And by the way, Paul, AJ Greer crosschecked, but Coles and head first
to the boards behind when the orders played Florida, Pachols and jump right
back up and was ready to fight him.
This is a guy that he'd lost to in his first NHL fight, but it's Picole, Picole's and retrieves pucks for dry saddle and he supports
defensively for dry settle.
And so people look at the finishing skills and he doesn't have as good
a finishing skills as, uh, Jeff Skinner.
But when, when, you know, I, what I noticed with Jeff is he does want the puck a lot.
And I think when you have those two centers, you want to like, I'm going to go back to Ryan.
What you said to me one time, I put up like the 59 points in the, in Pittsburgh in your
second or third year, cause you figured out give 87 the puck on the power play.
Thanks.
It was really tough to figure out.
And then talk at house.
The fact that took me that long.
Right.
But no, I, I, I, I'd still say there's a chance it could work for Jeff Skinner,
but there's no question to this point.
I mean, given that he's been a healthy scratch multiple times, it has been on at,
at this stage of the game, you know, it's, it's clear it hasn't worked the way
they were hoping, but sometimes it eventually does work out.
It just, it's so don't write them off yet.
The one thing he can do is he can finish.
He can score.
He's a six time 30 goal score.
But, um, I, I sense it was at his like Jay Boam Easter never played in the
playoffs, right until he got to St.
Louis J's a hell of a defenseman.
So that can happen in hockey sometimes.
I just, uh, I think in Skinner's case, a little bit more give and go might
help his game to answer your question.
So one thing that, that has been a little disappointed is the fan
bases is the starts, right?
They go down against Minnesota.
They come back, they win the next night.
They go down three nothings of the abs.
They come back, they win in regulation.
Then they go down three, nothing Saturday, Vancouver.
I'm like, God damn it.
But, but it's the Oilers.
And then they just couldn't, even though they're all over them tied up late.
What is it about the starts?
Like, is that, is that like, they don't play their game.
They're not into it until they go down one or two.
Like, what do you think just seeing every game?
Get the goalie's a sniffer.
It's, it's a recent trend because they went seven, like they went about seven
straight games where they scored the first goal and, uh, you know, it was, you
know, you take a look at it and, and how they're eight and two in their last 10
games and the two losses they're down for one after one to Pittsburgh and couldn't
come all the way back to that game and three, nothing down against Vancouver.
The fact that they came back against teams of the caliber of Minnesota,
Colorado, back to back, when you think about it, it's crazy.
Right.
But no, I got it.
I don't know.
I mean, it's just a little rough patch.
You think then,
well, I mean, they did have a bunch of games in a row where they scored first.
Yeah.
I never want to blame a goalie.
Like it's just, it's a hard enough at the end of the day, Skinner's, you know,
say percent he's, he's above, uh, you know, he's above the, the, the cut line
at zero in terms of expected goals for, and the orders in Colorado, the worst
numbers in the league through the first week of the season, so they've come a
long way there, um, Ebbenton's six in the league and goals against you guys.
I think that's probably the most surprising statistic for everybody.
Like they're a copy team offensively.
They're eighth in the league in the power play.
That'll go up.
We know that.
Uh, but there are six in the league and goals against, and I think it's, you
know, I say that long winded tweet, Ryan, uh, a year ago or text about.
Noblock playing zone defense and it would help this group.
And I think we've seen that come to fruition because I think they were
fit in the league when knob lock took over last year in defense and there's
six in the league this season.
So, I mean, with their, with their, with their offense, if you're, if you're
top five or six in both categories, you're laughing.
Well, I actually, I have the numbers right here.
Put those glasses back on.
It's all right.
This shit fucking Batman over here.
Yeah.
No kidding.
Since November the night, the best record in the league, seven 50 points percentage,
number two and goals for number fifth and goals against fifth and goals against fifth
on the power play, six on the penalty kill and fourth on five and five expected goals
core, which means your five on five.
You have those sort of numbers. You're like, you're, you're a legit team.
Now Washington knew they play tomorrow.
They have numbers very similar to that.
Except Washington's got a better save percentage because Logan Thompson's
having to shoot and lightning bolts on us right now.
Hey Paul, I'll ask both you guys, how much does a screw guys up when both
goaltenders catch with the right right hand there's only four in the
league that catch with the right hand and Washington has
to though does it screw guys up when you're I don't I didn't
really look up when I was shooting so you'd have to ask
what you should it off yeah business head down that's why
you hit the guy in the stomach every time you got a shot yeah
they always had quick chess against me more important questions more important questions here though. I saved them for last. Have you ever met or
petted Leonard? Um, Connor McDavid's dog? No, I can't move to myself. Give Connor McDavid
and Leon dry settle a, uh, uh, as, as much space as possible. Uh, I have, I have a dog
that my son named. Uh, I'm the only one in the house this year.
They all moved out to BC on me, but, uh, so my dog's name is Anakin and, uh,
of course his named after Skywalker.
Yes.
Anakin Skywalker.
Oh, I raised got a bonus.
I'm not, I'm not Matt Leonard.
Uh, he does have quite the following here in oil country though, Paul,
I'm not quite as popular as you are.
Well, that's why I was going to ask you about him.
Cause when McDavid got his thousandth point, they tried to present Leonard with a silver
bone, a thousand silver, silver point bone and he rejected it.
So I just wanted to know like what the fan base is thinking about that.
If they're looking into that a little much is, is there a disruptance in the force?
You want it gold?
I don't know. into that a little much is, is there a disruptance in the force? You want it gold?
I don't know. I think the fan, like, you know, I have a theory on Canadian hockey
fans during the season, okay.
They're, you know, they're, they really know the game.
They're really passionate.
They all watch this, you know, your guys's podcast, you know that, but
they're all in and they know it.
And when they're at those games, they're, they're thinking as general managers.
Okay.
They are. Don't get me wrong. They'd share when the team at those games, they're thinking as general managers. Okay. They are.
Don't get me wrong.
They'd share when the team scores and stuff, but come play off time.
It's come, they are bands through and through, and they support the team.
That's why in a Canadian market, if you're going through the crapper
and through a tough stretch, the fans, you know, they'll get on you a bit in
the regular season because they're not getting the tickets for free.
What do you mean?
Like there's been like talks of trading Leonard or something?
Like they get a little crazy or?
Well, I think they would trade Leonard
for some more cap space if they could,
but I don't think that goes well with, I'm kidding.
Oh, I have.
Post it.
Post it.
Rumor boys, rumor boys, Leonard on the blocks.
Stifler says the owner fan management types would want to trade Leonard for a
team plane anymore.
Brides were still on, but, uh, no, it's it's, uh, we're, we're lucky to be on
their door is going to get your seat from now on.
I'll be permanently in the dog house and it wouldn't be the first time.
No, it's it.
That's what you're right though.
Like that tells you everything you need to know about what it's like here.
Like, do they not have like an Instagram or a Twitter account
for the dog going at one point?
For sure.
Oh yeah.
I think they have both for sure.
The tabloids like I know what Leonard's up to more so than what Connor's up to.
See, it's not level of depth that people come to for this podcast.
No, that's what I mean.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Details.
So we don't want to work out the fact that the orders theoretically could have
4.4 million of cap space to work with, uh, come March the seventh
Friday at the trade daily.
Gavin, what's going on with Leonard Connors dog?
There you go.
Well, you brought up the possible cap space and that kind of brings us to,
uh, last question time with Ro back and you got to use code chicklets
at roack.com
for a generous 20 off your first purchase through the end of this week.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, CHICKLETS at roback.com, R-H-O-B-A-C-K, 20 off all
hoodies, joggers, and more with code CHICKLETS, L-T-I-R.
And them not wanting to be a part of it, not wanting to use it, then we hear about
Evander Cain's knee surgery in the midst of the recovery
from the hip surgery, where are we at and how do they end up deciding if they're
going to put them on LTR and make them wait Las Vegas golden night style.
Yeah.
Cap circumcisers.
Welcome to the club.
Good.
I hope we do.
Well, welcome to the club stuff.
Well, first of all, uh, three things.
Number one, I want to put a shout out.
Cause this is the last question to two of your most loyal viewers of this, which
is Brad Harrison and Jeff Lang.
They're big, big fans of yours, Ryan.
They love you.
They've told me about how much integrity you have when you lose some poker.
So that tells me everything right there.
They're there.
Like Ryan Whitney was a great Edmonton
order in the eyes of those guys.
So they wanted, I love them.
All right.
So we'll, we'll do that.
Uh, all the question about, definitely, uh, you know, a vendor situation,
it, you can't, I was going to bring up, you brought up Vegas, Kelly McCrimmon
as a top flight general manager, I had friends that purchased the WHL team.
Kelly was still in the WHL at that time.
And they said, do you have any advice for us?
And I said, yes, when that 204 call comes in from Brandon, you hang up the phone
because you're losing the trade the moment you get on the phone with them.
Okay.
He is an excellent manager.
He's all in there relentless.
And you could make an argument two years ago.
And when Vegas beat Edmonton in six games, they beat the orders of the margins.
And it was close, right?
The orders dramatically outshot the golden Knights in game five and game six.
And they got some saves made in hill, which made Jerry Johansson,
Aiden's agent, very happy as they went on to win the Stanley cap.
Uh, but you know, I, so I, you know, I look at what Vegas has
done, they're a real well run team.
Uh, and I, and I might complain a bit about the officiating once in a while
and wish and bring up stats like a car, McDavid's a hundred 97th and
penalties drawn per 60 played.
But I think the whole process.
Uh, yeah, I know you're joking around with the
cap, the cap circumvention with the LTIR.
I'm going to tell you in Kane's case, I haven't had a chance to talk to
Vander for about a couple of weeks.
Um, you know, you got a knee procedure like that following he had, he was on
my show in middle of December, um, because he was doing a Christmas thing with a former,
uh, I'm so old.
I did this guy's games too.
Uh, golden bears football player, Trent Brown runs the biggest injury law firm
in Edmonton and they took like a couple hundred hundred privileged children out
and, uh, for Christmas shopping.
And he told me at that time, Evander did that he'd had a surgery that had never
been done before hip surgery had never been done before in an NHL player or a like a core
surgery that had never been done before.
And now he's had the setback.
So I don't know when he's going to play guys.
I don't have that answer.
So they're not cap circumcised.
This is what you're saying.
I, it, you can't be Paul at all.
They didn't want to do it.
I mean, in a, in a perfect world, they'd have this guy a hundred
percent healthy and a hundred percent dug in.
Cause you said it earlier in the segment, you said they miss a Vander
Cape all you're right.
They miss a Vander Cape.
The healthy of Vander Kane against Matthew Kachuk and Calgary.
He got in their head.
Okay.
In that series, right?
He was lit it up to hit any lit it up because he could do that.
Like he had to, he led the playoffs and scoring that year and the orders
didn't play in the Stanley cup final.
And he led the playoffs and they got swept in the conference finals too.
That's crazy by Colorado was a superior T but he, you know a healthy if they had a healthy
advantage if ends and buts I don't want to take away from Florida was a close
series but you know they need if Evander was healthy he'd be playing I'm telling
you that because they need what he breaks I just don't know when he's gonna
be able to come back stop what a performance I mean your wrist must be so
sore the Oilers look like they're gonna make the finals I think they're gonna meet the Leafs in the finals this year. I think that's what do you mean?
You said you said LA's beat him in the first round. Yeah
Well, that's my take is I think that they can compete against it, but stop
Get out like stage Paul hundred percent. I like LA is a good team and they can defend. Thank you
Thank you stuff. It'll be a tough. So your leafs like, uh, that, you know what I'm actually, I'm actually surprised
Toronto hasn't had more extended playoff on like the, I thought tree did a pretty
good job building a heavier, tougher team last year.
This is their best team in the past five, six years.
Not even close.
Not even close.
Totally agree.
They'll be, they'll be a tough.
And you know what else Florida is not as good as they were.
Tampa can score.
They can score.
It's still a real tough, but Boston isn't what they once were as well.
Right.
And that adds a bit of a difference maker right there.
Like I think the Leafs beat Boston all day.
If they end up playing Boston, damn straight.
Does Toronto win the division?
I think they do.
Yeah, I think they do.
And I think it'd be important because I'd rather see them not play Tampa and or Florida
in the first round.
Let those teams beat the crap out.
Let those teams beat the crap out.
I think Whit said it in our group chat,
is seeing them versus Ottawa would be interesting.
Battle of Ontario, no pressure on Ottawa,
first time making playoffs in a while.
I think that that would be a cool series.
As well as, I mean, I wouldn't mind meeting Boston again
somehow, I think that, like you said, we'd work them.
So, Stoff, we thank you for coming on, buddy.
Thanks a lot, guys.
Electric as always.
And we'll see you in the near future.
All right, thanks a lot, fellas.
See ya.
All right, see you soon, bud.
Before we continue, guys, I wanna talk about body armor. See you. All right. See you soon, bud.
Before we continue, guys, I want to talk about Body Armor.
We're so lucky to be sponsored by Body Armor, the best, the best water in the world. And they got some great taste and flavors, too.
Strawberry bananas, my favorite.
Orange mango, I think, is Gee's favorite.
And this entire show is brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink.
Real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing
artificial. Go right now to Walmart or your local local grocery store near you.
Pick up your own Body Armor. They got the wide mouth normal water, they got the
flavored water, and all of it. No artificial add, nothing added artificial.
That's what we're talking about.
Vitamins, electrolytes, and nothing artificial.
Get yours right now at Walmart or a local grocery store near you.
Thank you so much to Stoff. And I don't know, Stoff knows his shit.
Stoff is dialed in with the Edmonton Oils. He made him sign Noah Philp.
So I think he might have been wrong though,
because I think he said per 60 minutes,
McDavid is 197th in the league in penalties drawn.
He's actually 232nd, I believe.
Now Stoff made it clear that that's a minimum
of 10 games played, so maybe that's where he had
it was 197th.
Either way, the fact that Connor McDavid
for drawing penalties is sitting at 197, 232.
If he was sitting at 80th, I'd be disgusted.
So they gotta figure it out.
They have to figure it out.
And you can call him McDiver, like I said to Stoff,
McFlop, fuck off.
No he doesn't.
No he doesn't.
He doesn't, dude.
I asked you, you wit, or G did, I had him test you,
because we were talking about Garland, and I would say,
listen, Garland competes his dick off,
but if you don't think he flips his head back
every once in a while when he's competing
and battling to draw that penalty,
and sometimes he does get the call, and it infuriates guys.
So he's that type of guy,
so it probably just finally got to McDavid
to where the fucking wires cross.
McDavid, I'm sure we'll get a few videos,
but rarely, rarely embellishes anything.
And that would be hard to do if you're getting fucking,
like you're basically carrying around a weight vest
all night full of players.
Hey, it's kind of crazy how similar
Connor Garland is to this former NHL-er.
And now that he has the turtleneck on,
because I believe he wears one of those shirts
that has the built-in neck guard,
now he has this, I'm like, oh my God,
this is the same player.
You guys remember?
Turtleneck.
Turtleneck.
Dives.
Compete like a bitch.
Placanic?
Placanic. Skilled offensively. Annoying to play against. dives competes like a bitch mechanic mechanic
skilled offensively
annoying to play against
competes hard
turtleneck Thomas you can't it can
Yeah, I would say that maybe a little bit more high-end offense from mechanic was he a better player point-wise
I want to say I'm gonna look up his points right now. I would say that he was a
60-point guy with Montreal I want to say he got the look up his points right now. I would say that he was a 60-point guy with Montreal
I want to say he got the C at one point, but the C
Garland skilled dude. I
He had a 70-point season and a 60-point season and then three no
He had a 69-point year 70-point year a 60-point year and then three other years 57 52
54 so yeah, I don't believe garland
consistency man how many 50 point years has garland had I'm checking right now
but I like one comparison one but he's had a 39 a 39 a 46 and a 47 yeah this
year he's on pace for over 50 so you know what I'm saying though like the
turtleneck all of a sudden. I'm like, this is volcanic
This is Thomas volcanic. He had a little bit of piece of shit in them
And that's a compliment and we talked about uh
John Klingberg signed with the orders with stuff. I'm I am excited
I mean, I'm very happy for a guy that let's be honest guys
like it's public knowledge that he turned down a monster deal in Dallas.
And I believe it was right around seven times seven.
And the mental anguish you go through when you don't end up getting anywhere near that and you just, I mean, you gave up in an amazing city that I assume he loved in Dallas, 50 million.
That has to take, forget the physical injuries.
Dallas, 50 million. That has to take, forget the physical injuries.
Like, dude, I think that there's probably some really, really dark nights when you end
up being injured and realizing you're never going to make anything near that.
So I'm rooting for the guy.
It's the same way I was always, I was always really rooting for Wayne Simmons because he
like missed that one huge payday, how good he was, how mean that guy was.
And it was just brutal timing, but I mean, Klingberg had the offer sitting there and it's like,
holy shit, like years down the line you're just like, what did I do? So you
rope-hoping that, and the way he talked to the media in Edmonton, he said,
I feel better than I have in years and years.
Oh, health is the biggest thing. You talk about money, but the health aspect. I mean same comments really from
Patrick Kane when he came back it was the fact that there was yeah, no pain and
Speaking of right-handed D man, I don't know if you watched the inauguration
But Trump actually pardoned Tony D'Angelo and he's gonna get a shot back in the NHL now
So I don't know if he yeah, Tony
Fuck, I don't know what he. Yeah, Tony. Fuck.
I don't know what happened.
He left Scott.
He was lighting up the KHL.
I wouldn't be shocked if we're seeing
Tony D'Angelo in the NHL again.
Now, some people might be punching the steering wheel
the same way they were when you mentioned Trump
to start off the podcast, or maybe I did.
I don't know exactly what he did to piss all these people off.
Like I haven't, I guess, dipped into the weeds of it.
I would love to get him on to talk about it,
and I would assume that enough time has passed
to where I would, would you not say that an NHL team
should give him an opportunity to come in?
You're telling me Tony D'Angelo
as a right-handed defenseman can't get an NHL roster?
I'd take him on any, like look at Toronto.
Why not Toronto?
I'd bring him in.
Oh, that would be fireworks, dude.
Think of him inside of Toronto.
I don't understand the guy.
He's a stud player.
He's a stud player.
I mean, obviously he's got-
What about Van?
I agree.
Van has been talks about it.
Imagine Van Biss.
There would be reporters, the Canucks reporters, they'd look like the
woman at the Trump inauguration eight years ago screaming, ha ha.
I'll tell Akalini I'll pay his salary if he can create those types of fireworks.
I'll let them roll me out right the center ice at the barn, Roger center, and they could
fucking write off Roman candles
out of my hoop if they bring, imagine him and JT,
maybe that's the balance of the scale they need.
Maybe JT just needs a buddy.
Talk it would be like, oh my God.
I wanna go back to TNT.
Might as well make it a three ring circus,
have all your practices at their Arbutus club,
line up all the soccer moms, it'll be a fucking shit show.
Let's go, baby, let's go.
It'll be like that girl who got a thousand notches
in less than 24 hours, or I think it was like 12 hours.
Have you been seeing this?
It's one of the most disturbing things.
Somebody's daughter, dude.
It's one of the most disturbing things
I've ever seen in my life.
Bonnie Blue.
Quite honestly.
Bonnie Blue's the new Canucks mascot at our Budas Club.
If you were one of those thousand guys, and this is how you're leading into town
I'm quitting this pod. What do you mean? Are you a part of this? I?
Think he was and he was playing
991 that's where you I was playing clothes
Bonnie blue world record
Bringing in the closer enter Sandman
Blue World Record.
Bring it in the closer. Enter Sandman.
This starts mucking.
If you want to talk about a three ring circus guys.
Enter Forskin.
Three ring circus boys, we can head out east.
Bonnie fucking blue.
We can talk a little.
Couple clicks for Bonnie blue.
We're getting her a silver puss.
I'm not fucking click.
I wouldn't give a click to that girl.
What do you mean?
Leonard got the silver bone.
She's getting the silver cock.
She's a disgrace.
She's a disgrace.
She's got the silver lightsaber.
A disgrace to humanity.
I'll tell you that for free.
A thousand guys in 24 hours.
What the fuck are we doing here?
What if I started doing this?
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do humanity. I'll tell you that for free.
1,000 guys in 24 hours.
What the fuck are we doing here?
What if I started dating her?
Would you kick me off the pod?
I would quit the pod, and then me and Keith,
I'd make Keith quit the pod.
And then you could start a pod with Bonnie Blue.
And you could give your clicks to her,
and you could eat her out after thousands of guys banged her.
And then you could go off your merry way to your house in Victoria and just raise your dogs and just sit around together.
You could have her rub your back after a hike. You and Bonnie Blue.
Your L5S1.
Bonnie Biz Blue.
Biz and Bonnie Blue's time massage parlors.
Biz and the blue balls pod fish said. The blue pill pod. Biz in the blue balls pod fish said the blue pill pod
busy in the blue balls.
The fact you just busy in the body, blue balls.
Disgusting is it what will start our own church like it will go the complete
other direction like none of that.
Oh, what a church that would be.
Be a bunch of scum.
I am bounded my boy.
Hey, instead of my boy,umbags in a church. I abandoned my boy!
I abandoned my boy!
They pass around at church the donation box,
but this one you just take domes out of it instead.
It's like, oh, the Church of Biz and Bonnie Blue.
Use Bonnie Blue rubbers.
Oh, that's so disgusting.
You're not as disgusting as what's-
You're the one who brought it up.
We can move on.
I brought up Bonnie Blue? I think you did. disgusting. You're not as disgusting as what's. You're the one who brought it up. We can move on. Did you?
I brought up Bonnie Blue?
No, I think you did.
Bizzy Blue.
Biz Brink.
Yeah, I stomped on his couch.
Brink isn't the Vancouver at this point.
Yeah, yeah, I stomped on his couch.
Yeah, I remember rubbing my boots on his couch.
Yeah, yeah, I remember fucking Bonnie Blue.
Guys, if we go over to Pittsburgh,
this is from Marco D'Amico.
A source close to the Penguins has informed RG Media
that Kyle Dubas is looking for a fire sale.
Can we just send Kyle Dubas to the moon at this point?
What the fuck?
Kyle Dubas is looking for a fire sale.
It says big name veterans, not Crosby, not simply just pending free agents are on the
trade block and the Penguins are also willing to retain to remove out Eric Carlson.
Kyle Dubas, what has this guy done to the Pittsburgh Penguins?
He brought in Eric Carlson.
That was his big move.
Now he's looking for
a fire sale? I don't understand it. Seven years, what is he making? Five million a year?
I think a fraction over five. And I also believe there's a clause in there. Shout out to his
fucking agent. Like no offense to Jeff, but I might switch over. I think he has access
to the private jet whenever he wants.
No, no, no, no, no.
What do you mean no, no, no? I think he's got the Nobu jet whenever he wants. No, no, no, no, no, no. What do you mean, no, no, no?
I think he's got the Nobu card too.
The Nobu and private jet card.
He can just call on that jet whenever he wants?
Yeah, UberDubas, I think.
I'm pretty sure.
I might be going crazy here.
Maybe I'm just reading Twitter.com too much.
But it's a seven year deal.
And I don't know.
I kind of love it. Carlson. I kind of love it. Jari. Jari's now waivers. much, but it's a seven year deal and I don't know,
I kinda love it.
I kinda love it.
Jari, Jari's now waivers, he cleared,
Grinelli says Biz is correct, first time for everything.
I cannot believe what has happened to Pittsburgh.
Jari's going to the AHL, he's in the second season
of a five year deal making 5.3 a year.
Like, I...
Who signed him?
Dubas!
Oh, weird.
What?
Now, Biz, those years in Toronto, good teams, no playoff success, gets raked, just gets bent over on all the deals for the young guys. What in your mind was it where Kyle Dubas was this genius,
was this golden child that had to be hired right away
by Fenway Sports Group, giving a seven year deal
and a private jet with Bonnie Blue?
I don't know, am I missing something?
Wait, wait, wait, he's thinking.
I can't answer the question, I don't know.
I've been trying to think about it all day
and I think that I'm in the place
where I'm trying not to be too critical
because it's gotta be a hard position,
but in the same bracket.
What about maybe like a three year deal at four or five?
It's just such a long commitment
for somebody who had a lot of money in Toronto
to have a very competent staff
that had the best biggest scouting departments, the biggest best analytic
departments, anything you want and have that want access to as a Toronto Maple
Leaf and he goes over there and he has not had success as of right now so do
you who's he gonna trade who's he gonna get off So do you, who's he going to trade? Who's he going to get off of? Like you think somebody's going to take Carlson?
I mean,
if they retain me, he's been playing better to play in a lot better,
but like then you're retaining on this deal and, and,
and I'm not going to blame him for their lack of prospects because that happened
long before him. And, and, and that's like not his fault completely,
but and also like he tried, he went in there and he tried.
They had LeTang, they didn't need Eric Carlson.
They needed other stuff.
They needed pieces up front.
They needed, you didn't need to go get Eric Carlson
when you had Chris LeTang.
And you know what, they'll be able to get something good
from Marcus, is it Pedersen, Peterson?
Pedersen.
D-Man, he top four D-Man.
Kevin Hayes was telling me, great player,
really underrated, if you watch him
and you practice with him every day,
you're like, this kid's legit.
I shouldn't say kid, he's a grown adult.
But it's just been such a disappointment for Penguins fans
and that fan base is like holding on
Strip it down. You strip it down like look at teams like Detroit
Like they're they might might scratch the surface at a playoff spot
You're gonna tear it to the ground if they tear it to the ground to me
It's inevitable that at some point Crosby moves on in his last season there. You think I'm crazy. No, no
I just I want it to happen. I just from think I'm crazy. You think he's just.
No, I want it to happen.
I just, from what I'm told.
He's gonna be playing for the fucking Gargoyles.
It will never.
He's gonna be playing for the Gargoyles.
We give him the A, we're like,
you gotta earn it down here in the jungle, buddy.
No shit.
The different league.
Enjoy your summer, buddy.
Grunelli's saying Crosby to Montreal.
We're really off the rails right now.
I just. I just think anytime you have Crosby to Montreal. We're really off the off the rails right now I just I just think anytime you have Crosby like he's not one of those players that's getting older and slowing down
He's still bringing it every single night and the guy has been carrying your team for the last 20 something years
Anytime he's on your roster. You should be filling that roster out to try to win
You shouldn't be selling off pieces.
A guy, a stud, a future hall of famer, Eric Carlson, you're not trading him, retaining salary.
You're bringing guys in to figure it out. You don't want to get rid of everything.
This could be the one thing, Biz, where he's like, okay, is that if they go like full-blown
fire sale, and maybe then he's like, oh, I didn't think it'd be like this.
I just tried.
You guys know him more than me.
Do you think the solution lies with Carlson, LeTang,
Evgeny Malkin, Crosby?
Rust.
I would put Rust in there.
And then maybe, I mean, you're saying
that they're thinking about trading Pedersen,
but maybe him and then one other guy.
You're telling me the answer lies within that core
if you can fill the other pieces?
Like you're saying Carlson with what he makes
and what he's on the hook for on that team
as far as a salary cap, you think
you can't use that money elsewhere
to fill in holes better?
But they're saying retain a salary.
So you're still eating half of the, probably half of that, where it's not like you're,
you're getting rid of 5 million bucks and you're bringing in a guy, a better player
that's making six or something like that and kind of, you know, losing a mill, whatever
it is.
Like, I don't know.
I just feel like.
Yeah.
But I guess it would be more about what you're getting back in return as an asset.
If it's either, it's either like we either like we completely have to tear this thing down and rebuild, or we're solely
because of Sid going to try to keep this going when you know even with him we don't have
it.
So they are stuck in the worst possible spot, right?
Because they're not even near the bottom of the league to get the first overall pick. So it's just a disaster. It sucks. All of us want to see Sid playing meaningful games.
And I mean, on the bright side, Alex Nadelkovich became the first goalie ever to score a goal in
the East Coast Hockey League, in the AHL, and in the NHL, and also became the first goalie ever in an NHL game
to score a goal and have an assist.
And my one question is, I really, really, really wonder
why he just didn't grab somebody for a fight
at the very end to have a Gordie Howe fuckin' hat trick.
Just a blocker sandwich.
Woulda been amazing.
Cause the league woulda gave him 20 fuckin' games.
They wouldn't have even celebrated it, they woulda have gave him 20 fucking games. They wouldn't even celebrated it.
They would have just gave him a punishment and not rated aired any of the goal highlights
to the gargoyles.
Another thing I saw rolling around online, even got a laugh at a Wayne Gretzky who shot
the group text for TNT, a picture of the fact that he had a two point game and I've never
in the NHL had a two point game and I've never in the NHL had a two
point game. That is a fucking a lie. I had a two assist game in Edmonton when we were
on the road one time and Yans, I was third star of the game in which when I went back
out on the ice, you tried to hand me that big ass goalie stick in which that they have
just hanging out in the away locker room at the Rexall center. So, and if you will recall,
I played just over
11 minutes in the game. Whoa. Remember how tired you were the next day? Like I buddy,
I, I needed to like, I needed a respirator. That's cause you were out till five in the
morning. We lost his phone. That's when you lost your phone. No, no, I was, maybe it was
the trip. I did lose my phone. So I was, and we were all like, dude,
if you just get rid of your phone,
you could be a player in this game.
I went to, I went to get a toque and a scarf at,
what do you call that?
Is it Holt Renfrew?
I put my Blackberry down and yoink, couple guys stole it.
I even, I even called the phone and they answered and then
boom, it was deactivated.
See you later.
So I was stuck in Edmonton for like three or four days,
no phone. And then I had the performance of a lifetime,
and the next day was the first time I've ever taken
my option as a player in the NHL.
I took, I got, I immediately scratched.
I took 11 minutes.
Oh, the boys were just fucking giving it to me,
like, oh, you've changed, ah, like lick my bag,
put me on waivers, I'll get picked up.
Let me shut my eyes and give me the two assists.
Let me just picture you at the ice on Rexall.
One, he wasn't even on the ice.
I know that.
I was on the ice for the second one.
Oh, wit assist?
Somebody that the D-Man head-manded up,
and I just opened up my blade and deflected it in.
And I skated to the bench.
And the first D-man back kind of whiffed on it.
I think Hansel picked it up and then fed the guy that
jumped on for me.
I think it was Radim Vrbata who hopped on.
And he scored.
And I got the second assist on the play.
So that was my second assist of the game.
And because we had such a comfortable lead,
Tip was kind of playing me regular shift a little bit,
where I actually felt like I was in the flow of the game.
I felt like I was on the slopes again,
just hitting my edges out there.
Whit, I think Whit was probably on the team.
Yeah, Whit, you were probably minus two, you fuck.
Buddy, I own the Coyotes.
Besides when Derek Morris punched my head in,
I own the Coyotes. I don't think we punched my head in, I own the Coyotes.
I don't think we lost a regular season game to the Edmonton Oilers the entire
time that Tip was our coach.
I worked, you guys, the night Recce scored his 500th goal and Brian Yandle slept in his bed.
We worked, you guys, on the Penguins.
Yeah, that was on the Penguins.
Oh, I'm talking about when I was with the Coyotes, me and Yans, and the Oilers.
Yans was on the Coyotes when I did this.
No, we're saying against Edmonton.
Oh, oh yeah.
We owned Edmonton.
Yeah.
Dude.
Welcome to the conversation.
Who owns the Oilers?
Owns.
I do.
I mean, is he?
Any franchise pathetic enough
to get me to assist in a game?
Remember how long that, remember how long the walk from like the where you get off the ice to the locker room the old
Rex all was it was like a like a point five mile walk biz couldn't even get to the locker room
They had to put him in the wheelchair and get him. He was tired. He was like Paul Pierce. Yeah
My leg was my 11 and 1 12 minutes played.
Where's my phone?
He was like stone cold, leaving a match, and WWE hops up.
He's like, is that a girl?
I'm good now.
Holy shit, look at these ice girls.
Holy shit.
I love the Rexall.
I love the Rexall.
We were in last place in January.
It was minus 30 out.
The place would be packed, going nuts.
That rink was sick.
I love Edmonton.
The ice was so good.
And the fact is you would just remember the memories in that place, not that I had any
of them, but the fans sitting there watching these trash teams watching watching me snap it over to Leonard Patrell
And then like him snapping it over to to
Who else would be there Theo Peckham? Yeah, Theo Peckham this kid Chris Vandeveld
like just like just all these guys who including myself who had no business in the NHL anymore and
And they're like we were watching Gretzky to Anderson to Curry back to Low over down and then Grant Fhrer kicking it was just the
arena had just magic with it you know when they retired the guys jerseys
there that they'd skate out in full gear and just do like flying around laps in
their uniform they'd reenact a play they used to reenact a play. They used to reenact a play. No, no they didn't. I swear to God.
Face off.
I remember when, because we used to, when Wayne was the coach, we had about 500 Jersey
retirements because they'd always want Wayne there.
So we'd be sitting on the bench just like sitting there and they used to, I think it
was Glenn Anderson, they had Fierzy and Nett and they're announcing it on the Jumbotron
and like shot from the point, kicked out by Grant Furin, they're announcing it on the jumbotron. It's like shot from the point kicked out by Grant say
Grant fear and like the light shines on the crease and Fierzy's in there
Kicking out a save and then it's like Kevin Lowe picks it up behind the net and then you'll see Kevin Lowe grab the puck
Light down on them. They reenact these plays dude. It was the best thing I had ever seen in my life
No shit. I don't remember that was I on the team when that was going on?
I was probably in the locker room
because I'd been in a health bomb.
Fuck.
They probably didn't have to be a feed in the locker room.
They're like, and Mick Sorely's punching someone's head
into the corner, light goes down,
he's dumbing some poor fan who's loving it, smiling.
More.
Boys, I don't think when we were talking about
the JT Miller stuff, we talked about
the fact that LaFreniere's name is flowing around or did we?
I think it's fake.
That's a fake?
Okay.
All right.
I think that's a Phantom.
Oh, rumor boys got me.
He's for sure getting traded for him now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I-
Rumor boys got me.
I mean-
Um, so I don't want to take anything away from Nadelkovich, but you don't have more career
two point games than me, so suck it.
I'm glad that went there because you get in two points to feather in your cap, is it not?
Double digits in minutes, baby.
Rumor boys time.
So Seth Jones, guys, he's in Chicago.
It hasn't gone great.
It hasn't gone great for him.
He's played Chicago. It hasn't gone great. It hasn't gone great for him. He's played pretty okay lately.
But overall, like that signing and where Chicago's gone and what's happening there is not good.
And teams apparently are calling. And Dallas is one of the teams, the names being thrown out there.
He makes a lot of money. Like, is that a guy, Biz or Keith, either one of you guys take this where all right he hasn't looked like a
You know seven eight million dollar player
But if we get him on a better roster do we trust this guy in the playoffs like where you at in terms of and?
Chicago like you got to sign bedard at some point. That's its own story like do you get rid of everyone?
That's a good player
That's a legitimate NHL or like where you at in trading him if you're Chicago
and if a team that's looking to win the cup brings him in,
how do you feel about all this?
So I think it goes back to the San Jose stuff
where you're only allowed three bullets
in order to retain salary and get back a strong asset.
So I would just say choose wisely if you're gonna do it.
I think that Seth Jones on a team, like considering like when Tanev went over
to Dallas, like everything he can, like like everything he provided for them, I'm
not saying he's him, but I think that... He makes nine and a half? Correct, he makes nine
and a half, so when you're talking about the four and a half, five range, I think
that that's a healthy place for him to be, where he's a fourth defenseman. That's where I think he's perfectly slotted. I will say from
watching games he's been in this year and a lot of them were more towards the
beginning half, he looked a lot more fluid than he had in years past and
better with the puck. Don't know if that was a confidence thing. Don't know if
that was work that he'd put in in the off season. Maybe he's healthier. So from the stuff that I've seen,
I think that he would fit in.
It's, you know what another good example is?
When Oliver Ekman Larson didn't have to be the guy anymore,
like when he was in Arizona making all that money,
when he still was when he went to Vancouver,
all of a sudden he moves over to Florida.
He's protected on a team that has a few defensemen
that are better than him, but he can fit in
and it's a less of a presser situation.
You're playing less hard minutes, and for that reason,
you're going to flourish without the anchor
of your salary being used against you.
I think he's still a solid player.
I just really congratulate him, much like Dubas and his agent
in getting that set,
you know, seven year over five, he fucking hit the Darnell nurse lottery.
Buddy, I know it's an eight year. I know five more years after this.
Correct. I'm comparing it to like the Dubas lottery where he gets this big deal where the jet he hit.
He hit it. He hit it at the perfect time Pittsburgh was desperate
they thought they found the new shiny toy that was had was the reason Toronto was having
all the success and boom boom payday so congrats to Seth and his agent no offense if I'm saying
you're a five million dollar defenseman on on a good team yeah you never you're never
gonna blame a guy for taking the money And he obviously earned all the money that he's made.
But I agree with you 100 biz on if you think of Dallas, he's born in Dallas.
I think he's from Dallas.
I don't know about that.
You bring him in there.
I think it was Denver where he grew up.
Yeah, that's right.
I think he grew up in Denver.
I think he was born in Dallas, but whatever.
Gee, check that.
But like you bring him into a team that he, like you said, he's the fourth guy, the fifth
guy.
You put him in a somewhat of a shutdown role.
He doesn't need to provide the offense that he has to every night.
You got high skin in there who can do that.
He can kind of be a second role player.
I think he would be an absolute stud on that team and worth very much of that 5 million
if they are going to retain almost half of it.
Couple clicks for your hands. He's right. He was born in
Arlington, Texas, but
all right, so Chicago retains the nine and a half say Chicago
retains for buddy that you know, 4 million a year for the next five years?
They're hoping to be good at three years.
I don't know if the rule is you can only retain 25.
What?
Is there a rule that you can only retain up to 25,
is there a rule on how much?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know, gee, look that up quick.
I feel like you could retain half.
Half, up to half?
I thought you could do half.
I think you can.
Buddy, you're telling me five years from now,
you're still paying, you have four million against the cap.
But the cap's gonna be up.
Man, I don't know.
Why not?
I mean, this rebuild is the farthest of any team
away from having, I would say that San Jose's light years
ahead of them.
100.
Yeah, I agree with you.
So why not? If you can get something very
important in return, I just, I think the stockpiling of draft picks is a little bit overrated and too
easy and something that I've kind of seen in the past from some GMs where I'm like,
oh, it's, it's pretty easy to strip it all down. Like that's a, that's a, up to 50 is what you can
retain. So thank you to G on that. Especially if you draw, maybe you get a first rounder.
It's going to be the 28th, the 30th pick.
It's not an automatic.
I got one question for you, Yans.
Is a guy like that who would be moving over
to a team like Dallas, and maybe Seth Jones
would be on the second unit.
I feel like that Harley has done a good job offensively.
Hayskinnon's obviously an offensive defensive,
not sure who else slots in there on their power play, but how much easier does it make
it for a guy when all of a sudden he gets to eliminate one of the special teams from
a mental standpoint? So let's say Seth Jones is killing a little bit, he's only playing
even strength and he doesn't have to worry about power play. Does it help you from a simplification
of your mental game to not have to balance
all those special teams along with five on five?
Yeah, for sure.
I remember one year Tip came in during preseason.
He was like, we're gonna use you on the PK this year.
We had a preseason game in San Jose.
I scored a shorthanded goal.
I came in the office, I'm like, you should have been using me at PK in the last five years.
The next day, he calls me in his office, he's like,
hey, do you want to PK and play a minute of the power play
or you want to just do two minutes full on the power play?
I'm like, just the power play's perfect, Tip.
Thank you, sir.
How was the run, man?
One for one.
One for one. Thanks, Tip. You could always say you were an elite level PK you, sir. How was the run, man? One for one. One for one.
Thanks, Tip.
You could always say you were an elite level PK guy, too.
Because I don't negotiate with terrorists.
Give me the power play.
No, but I think for him, if you said to him,
like you said about Oliver, too, it's like, hey, listen,
we need you to play 18 solid minutes, five on five,
and kill some penalties.
Because I think guys take a lot of pride.
If you're a PKer and you're shutting down,
guys take so much pride in it.
I love seeing it too.
Those guys love going out there
putting their body on the line.
But you gotta stop and start.
The good ones stop and start,
and the next thing you know,
they're 30, 40 seconds into their shift
that they get hemmed in,
and then they have to put their body on the line.
And if you don't think that eating one on the ankle takes a little bit of oxygen away from
you then you're out of your fucking mind because if two minutes later all of a
sudden you'd played a five-on-five shift and now you got to go for power play
there that's a lot like you you are an absolute mental freak if you can handle
all those so shut out the Kailh McCarr's how much better was it with a tight
turn instead of a stop and start?
Yans never fucking blue dust. I didn't stop.
I don't think I'm saying that I'm like tight turns fun though. You know, you get the you throw you get you get the shoulder down and boom, you're right back at the like no good PK guys stopping
and start and I did not like that probably any other rumor boys you got going
Well, you can retain 50
so that's one thing right there and
Chicago Blackhawks forward Taylor Hall recent guest of the pod
He said he wants to stay in Chicago, but he believes he's likely to be dealt before the trade deadline
He said yeah, I'd like to stay here. I like the city. I like this group
I have a feeling that's not really in the card
So we'll see he has eight goals 22 points at 43 games this season
He is a six million dollar cap it and he'll be a ufa this summer. I
Think somebody goes out and trades for Taylor Hall. I don't know who I wouldn't be able to kind of like list the team right now
But I can't imagine that like Chicago's not gonna get
offers and they're certainly not gonna hold on to him
if they don't plan on resigning him.
So I think you see him in another uniform.
It just kind of sucks if he wants to stay there.
But that's the business, right?
I feel like he would be a good fit.
And I think it might have been G who mentioned this
was Colorado.
Kind of like a Parise coming in.
Yeah, he just commented in the chat here,
Dallas and Florida are two other teams.
I agree, I think a little bit of depth
for any three of those teams would be great.
Kind of like them adding, what Florida added,
oh God, Opozo.
Drew.
Buffalo.
Like even on that team, him being a fourth liner,
it seems like, when we interviewed Taylor Hall,
it seemed like his mental state was like,
he's just kind of grateful for what he's been able
to accomplish and where he's at in his career.
And I think that if he went to Florida,
he'd be more than thrilled to chip in on the fourth line
and play a limited role.
And the type of guy like Rodriguez,
where let's say a guy in the top six gets hurt,
he could slide right in, right?
They've done a really good job of getting guys who can kind of fit in that middle six. And when
the time comes, I'd like to see him in either Colorado, Dallas or Florida.
Telling you right now, you put Taylor Hall on a line with Sasha Barkov, you're going
to see the Taylor Hall of 2018, whatever his MVP year. Wow Because Barkey can make any, not that, I mean, Halsey's a stud player, but Barkey just makes
guys so much better like at all times.
I think that would be an amazing fit for him.
Makes it so easy.
The Dallas Stars are also a team that's very interested in New York Islander center Brock
Nelson.
I think that every single team looking to win a Stanley Cup is going to be calling Lou Lamorello about Brock Nelson. I think that every single team looking to win a Stanley Cup is going to be calling Lula Amarillo about Brock Nelson. We've talked about Billy Garren, named him
to the Four Nations. It's like Dallas is going to be one of 10 teams that are calling. And
I think that's going to be like one of the bigger names at Deadline Day or beforehand.
What do you got, G?
So I actually think a guy like Brock Nelson and I think any of the guys that are on...
Say Boston right now, G. So I actually think a guy like Brock Nelson and I think any of the guys that are on Boston right
now, G. No, I'm saying any of the guys that are on four nations rosters, I wouldn't be surprised if
they're likely to be dealt before the four nations tournament just because the injury risk factor.
Right. Like these guys are going to be blocking shots with their faces at this tournament. It's
going to be like game seven. When's the cutoffoff? When's like the when does all this like everything die down?
Yeah, there'll be a roster freeze before it.
What's the day?
I would guess around February 10th.
So I would say we got 20 days.
Yep.
Wow.
I think there's going to be some big moves happening.
If that's a good call, G, I like that.
Of the guys that are playing in that.
I mean, how many guys playing in that though, we'd be traded.
Who else besides him?
Just Brock Nelson.
Yeah, just Nelson probably.
So Brock Nelson's getting traded in the next 25 days.
Breaking news.
Hey, I do want to shout out, you talk about Four Nations
and we haven't seen any knock on wood guys be injured
that are gonna be in that tournament.
Injured enough where obviously Matthews is battling
through stuff, Miller's battling through stuff, Quinn Hughes is battling through stuff.
We haven't seen somebody be injured to where they won't be able to play in the tournament,
but if the United States does run into a guy who can't play, Jason Robertson, since Christmas,
he's got 19 points in 13 games.
Something has clicked with him, had a slow start to the year.
So Dallas is, they're eight and two in their last 10 games.
They're really turning it on.
I actually think by the end of...
I think both him and Wyatt Johnson have mentioned
that they were a little overwhelmed
with trying to make that Four Nations roster.
I think they've both been open and upfront about it.
And Wyatt Johnson, tons of expectations
after the year he had last year,
and had a very similar start where maybe he was overthinking things.
So now that that's behind them, this is a very,
there's a team moving very silently through the league right now.
They are doing it silently and that's kind of where they're at.
They're the Kucherov of teams.
We talked about that when he wasn't named to that team.
Remember we were like, if this was last year, he would have been a slam dunk on that team and you know, that him not making it is going to just
light a fire under his arse and it has and he has been an absolute weapon since not being no doubt.
Because it could go one or two ways too, man. You have all these expectations, people in your
ear telling you how good you are and you're going to make it and all of a sudden you don't, it
shatters your confidence and then you go down to the spiral. Good for him for fucking finding his game and stepping
things up and also to the leadership in that Dallas room. I'm sure they got Jamie Bennett
is here saying, fuck it, dude, we know what you're capable of. It's just one tournament.
You'll be in the Olympics. So they got great leadership there and it's nice to see those
two young bucks turn it around.
And they went to game six against Euler in the Western conference, against the Oilers in the Western conference
finals. And I'm guessing part of the start for Dallas was
almost similar to Edmonton's beginning of the year in which
like, fuck, I just want to get to the playoffs again.
Like, I can't believe this is starting right now.
It's a shorter summer and we've 82 games.
And like, you've seen teams go through that.
Like, you don't forget the work that it takes to get to the playoffs.
You just want it to be April again so bad that they found their groove.
And I do think by the end of this season.
I love Minnesota, but I think that the three central teams are going to be Winnipeg, Dallas and Colorado, and I think Minnesota is going to end up being a wild card team.
I think they're going to get in the playoffs.
But I don't know.
I just think Colorado is too good and too talented.
There's a lot of questions that remain with Ronton and that's another one that we could
chat about.
But the Calgary Flames are among a long list of clubs that have checked in with Kevin Adams
and the Buffalo Sabres about center Dylan Cousins.
That's courtesy of Pierre Lebrun.
I feel like we've talked about all these guys
on Buffalo for so long.
We've just brought up Dylan Cousins' name over and over.
I've repeated myself over and over about a guy
that's like, this is the next one that you trade,
who lights up the league.
You know what's gonna happen.
And is raising the Stanley Cup with somebody else.
So I'm looking at the Buffalo Sabres like,
Dylan Cousins is not
somebody I'm trading. I know this offense has fell off, but you can't tell me
that this is a guy you can't win with and that you don't want to have be a
part of your team when you do finally maybe someday get good. So I know teams
are calling and by the way why do you think all these teams are calling Kevin
Adams about him? Because he's legit and they see the potential and they see the player he was a couple years
ago and he's so young. I think you're crazy in Buffalo if you're trading Dylan Cousins.
I do. That is not a guy that you need to have be the next Reinhardt, be the next Eichel,
be the next O'Reilly, be the next stud that's miserable in Buffalo that ends up flourishing somewhere else.
Because how are you gonna turn it around? Like they've got some good players. You got Tage Thompson.
Like how are you gonna turn it around?
Yeah, traded. I agree with that. You got enough skill guys up front,
but you also have to build within. Like no teams going out there and turning their ship around without building within.
A guy like Cousins, you could not be more dead on.
He's going to go somewhere and absolutely light it up.
He's going to be fighting.
He's going to be like, buddy, this is not the guy you want to trade.
No, maybe it's not even an option for them and it's just you know it's just people calling about him maybe they're in their head saying
there's no way we're gonna trade this guy but I would shut that down if I was
Kevin Adams I'd shut it down and be like listen we are not trading this guy I
don't want him hearing his name in the papers but that he's you know could get
traded although he probably wants to if we're really would you say at this point
right now nobody's won the Colorado Buffalo trade for Byron
and Middlestad?
I would say that Middlestad had a pretty strong start to the year, but I'm also now hearing
rumblings that they're not necessarily, Bednar and the team isn't thrilled with him.
So that kind of segues the rumor boys.
But before we move on from Buffalo, if you're talking about D-Man, who would you move on
from?
Would you move on from power?
His offensive numbers are great.
I just watch them and I'm, I guess, not thrilled about maybe his compete in some regards, his
defensive game, and maybe his calm approach to how he plays a little bit.
I would like a little bit more snarkiness.
I think he's huge.
I think he's going to play in the NHL for 15 years, and I would be asking everyone,
what do you want for Owen Power?
Yeah.
I would. And do you remember, shockingly, the St. Louis Blues traded Eric Johnson? He
was a first overall pick. He was a big, huge defenseman.
Would you compare him to Bo Meester, too?
I think he's got maybe a little bit more offense, but he doesn't skate like Bo Meester did.
Bo was so good defensively, too.
And it's like, dude, you have Dallin.
You don't, like...
And Byron.
And you could get a package for Owen Power.
And listen, like you can't, how, this guy is young,
and like I wanted to preface this with like,
hell of a player.
He's gonna play in the NHL forever,
he's gonna make over 120 million.
You think I'm too hard on him?
I think you get a little,
I think you get a little tough on him,
but I get like the way you played the game
and how you see Stanley Cup winning teams play, like I don't think he really has that mean bone. I never
had it. I wish I did, but I didn't. You're kind of born with it. You're an absolute beast
if you're able to add that when you get to the NHL, when you realize this is something
I'm lacking. I never could.
And you're so you're using Eric Johnson as the comparison where
I'm talking about a big first overall pick defenseman that St. Louis made an early decision on.
We're willing to part ways with this guy. By the way, he's just named to the second
quarter century team for the Colorado Avalanche. That's how good Owen Power can be too.
But when you're Buffalo and you have to do something,
that's the guy I'm looking at dealing.
Wow.
Yeah, I think you get your most in a turn for him too.
I think you could get an absolute fucking haul for him.
And then it's like, all right dude, that was a move.
They've made these big player moves,
Ikels fucking get me out of here,
you won't let me get the next surgery I want.
That's a little different than what we're talking about here.
That it's completely your decision.
But then it's like if you're Pagulon, you own the team,
and like what Adams has done since he's come in,
like do you want to allow him to be the guy
like deciding to trade?
No, you consult me like Accolini did.
Yeah, exactly.
That's true. And then all of a sudden, Bonnie Blue's like Accolini did. Yeah, exactly. Exactly.
And all of a sudden, Barney Blue is giving massages after the game.
That's the problem.
She's on the plane.
My question in Colorado-
Sniffing farts, delivering fillets, sucking some wings.
We've chatted about this before.
If Ron Tennant's not signed, like, buddy, like, you can't risk losing him for nothing.
That will fuck up that entire organization. But then, like, Nate, imagine telling McKinnon,
yeah, we just traded Ron Tannen. This is one of the crazier ones I've seen,
and this all goes back to the Dry Cytl contract.
That's when everything changed with his ask.
But what do you do?
Like if he-
Do you think you consult McKinnon on saying, this is where we're going to go number wise?
And if he says no-
This is the max we're going to go and if he doesn't go to it, we're going to have to move
on from him?
Like you have to run that across McKinnon's table? You don't have to do anything, but you're crazy if you doesn't go through it, we're gonna have to move on from him. Like you have to run that across McKinnon's table.
You don't have to do anything,
but you're crazy if you don't.
You're crazy if you don't.
You're saying for sure that he's getting the call saying,
hey, this is where we're at.
Yeah, cause I mean, at the end of the day,
if you trade him and then your team goes down the shit,
or not that I think that they will,
I think they've got enough pieces there
to be good for a long time,
but say they don't make the playoffs the next couple of years, then Nate dog
wants out, you know what I mean?
And then you're in a position as an older player to be like, Hey, I'm gone.
So then you lose two guys that you could have had.
So I think you got to, I think for what he brings that team, like he is such a
horse, like you need a one a and a one B guy on any team, look at McDavid and
Dreisaitl, like you need those guys to be successful, Barkov, Kachuk, you need a 1a and a 1b guy on any team look at McDavid and dry side Oh, like you need those guys to be successful bar cob Kachak you need those guys, you know
See it in the tank or sit in Malkin. I agree and and my thing is
alright
He wants 14 ish. Okay, you go to him at 13 8 and you say hey, buddy
You want to be here you want to fucking be here or not?
You're telling me, and maybe he doesn't, this is totally spit-bong.
The guy seems like he loves playing there.
He's dominant.
Him and McKinnon are so nasty together, but it's like, dude, we're willing to pay you
this.
Now, if they're sitting there right now at 12.2, 12.5, it's like, I get it.
You know, the market has changed with Leon.
But my thing is, like, pay the guy.
Maybe you go to 14.
Why can't you go to 13.8 to 14?
Why can't you?
I mean, the oil is-
I think the question is always, is like,
if you don't sign him, you don't kind of come out
at whatever your comfort zone is to give him what he wants.
How do you replace it?
And outside of Marner, who will be a free agent this summer,
who's another impactful winger that could bring as much
as what those two guys do who's gonna be available?
Like I wouldn't even, like, I don't think there's anybody
near those guys' level, so he essentially has
all the leverage, so I bet you McKinnon would just tell him,
I don't care if he's making a million and a half more than me, you got to pay him the 14. And as of right now,
is 14 what's been offered? Is that what he's asking? No, no, I don't know what's offered,
but I think it's pretty clear. Um, in what I'm hearing is like the dry side of deal changed
everything. Okay. So you, you think given time and everyone knows
what's going up by the time summer hits,
he's gonna be able to get what Dry Cytl got?
I don't think he should get exactly.
I think he's a little under that,
but he's looking at high 13s.
If you're him, would you even wanna make more than Nate?
Like if I'm him and I know-
I've always thought that-
If I know Nate's better than me,
I wouldn't want, even though obviously the, you know,
the cap's going to be different and I want everybody to make a-
The PA doesn't want to hear that.
No, yeah.
Well, boys, more now, now so than ever,
that given the jumps,
like it's not that weird to think about.
Nate signed his deal by the time Ratan signs his deal,
it would have basically been two full years, right?
So fuck the cap's probably gone up
at least seven to 10 million.
It's not that, Nate has to realize
that he's gonna be in that 14 range.
And I don't think it's that weird for Nate.
I think he just cares about winning.
And even more so than the guy that he admires the most
in Crosby, Nate never really...
I would consider the first deal he got a wicked hometown discount, but he's not doing the
stuff that Sid did.
Even he's stretching the market out a little bit.
Yeah, exactly.
And that kind of leads us into some great news for the players.
And they were notified that the escrow withholdings from checks will be terminated for the remainder
of this season starting with the January 30th payroll run.
Revenue projections indicate that the amount already withheld will also be returned in
full following the final season accounting.
So the players are actually going to make like 102 of their salaries.
Love hearing that for the boys.
Remember some of the escrows that we had to pay?
Oh my.
26 wasn't it?
Well, no, that was the 24 rollback was after that,
the full season lockout cancellation.
But buddy, like people would like bitch and whine
about players complaining.
It's like, how would you like,
and I know the numbers are crazy,
but like somebody tells you 6 of your contracts
not being paid to you.
It's like, wait, what? Yeah. What do you mean? So that's awesome news.
And that does go into business point that everything has switched so much since
even Nate signed that deal.
Yeah. And I mean, we've harped on it before too, as far,
and since we get into the CBA talk and the fact that there's no escrow right now,
I think that moving forward,
there should be no more like risk on the players. I know these franchise values where this should even
come into play. I know this is a special circumstance with trying to get to the league to a healthy
place and then going through COVID in which they had to recoup all that money. But at
this point, moving forward, escrow is not something that should be talked about coming
from the players. That is the bare minimum.
That needs to be done.
Another thing, and I keep harping on it,
is I really feel that there's a lot of hall of famers
and vets who want the current players,
the McDavids, the Mathews,
the players who have very strong voices
who are currently playing to go to bat for the alumni.
And not guys like the Brad Richards
and the guys who made 50, 100 million
who need help paying their health insurance.
We're talking about guys who have played
a certain amount of time and are maybe in need.
Where this league has grown off the backs
of some of these players who are now still in need
based on how they weren't compensated back in the day for how good they were. The numbers just weren't there,
right?
30 grand a year for the PA insurance. And it is top of the line, best insurance you
could ever have. I'm so grateful I have it. But that's, you got to make 55,000 bucks to
pay for that, dude.
And I truly believe the league is in such a healthy place based on, on what
the quote unquote, the founding fathers and these players of the past and what they've
done in order to put it in this situation where there are some guys making some very
healthy salaries and they're going to get even crazier and crazier.
Five years from now, there's going to be guys signing for 20 million a year.
I think that the league owners can figure out how to take care
of some of these past players with health insurance I think that's the bare
minimum that can be done and I really think that the top players in the league
need to use their voice because guys like Wayne guys like Cellios guys like
Jeremy Ronick guys like Glenn Healy They're the ones who are asking.
And those are the guys who deserve these
current players respect and help provide that for the former players.
So I'll stop beating a dead horse.
I've been saying it over and over.
I just really hope that this happens in the next CBA.
And you guys can piggyback what I'm saying here.
I've heard you say it about Betman saying
that, like, in, you know,
having known Gary, like he cares about the players too.
And I've heard you say that this will be his, you know,
I said, this would be his legacy.
Imagine being able to, if, if, you know, he's in the final years, being able to,
to put the league in such a healthy position where the players are making
what they're making, making the cap is going up year over year like crazy. The players aren't playing escrow.
The franchise values are thriving. More and more people in the United States are getting
into hockey and all these players from the past are now being taken care of until they
move on. Them and their families. That would be such an amazing place to leave a legacy
in your fingerprints on the hockey world.
So I hope that he does it. I'm sure he will. And that's all I got to say about that.
Love it.
Guys, we had a very special guest on the show. Patrick Lyon. I interviewed him a few weeks
ago, but before we go to him, the Montreal Canadiens boys, it is a blast watching this
team play and Arbor Jack I've, what a weekend now it started off not great
it started off not great where Reeves went at him they had a lead against much against Toronto and
he's pointing at the scoreboard buddy get away from me we're up well what happened the Leafs
ripped off seven unanswered ended up crushing the Canadians and seven seven I think it was three
nothing and it ended up seven three I believe,
but the next night they gotta come back to the Bell Center
and they play the Rangers, they're down one nothing,
they're down two one, they're down three two,
they're down four three, and they win that game
five four and overtime.
This Jacob Dolbush improves to four and oh for Montreal,
but Wi-Fi, and we don't like calling Wi-Fi,
I apologize, that's not his nickname.
No, you're fine, it's just the nut hat fans.
Arbor Jack guy, he decided the next night
he wasn't gonna point at any scoreboard.
He was gonna go Matt Rempey.
What a tilt that was, Biz.
Oh, buddy, he was chucking him.
And I understand that position of him declining Reaves.
I've been in that position with Jay Rosehill.
We were up 3-1, Jans, you were in that game.
And he ran donor and I'm like, Tip, I'm going to be like, all right, bees. And then I went
them and they scored three unanswered to win the game or actually, excuse me, four unanswered.
How'd the fight go?
It was all right. I think that I would say edge to Rosie, but it was a good bout. We were switching
arms, switching hands.
But it got the leaps going.
It got the leaps going.
But fucking Ajax, I getting in the mix,
and a great tilt with Rempe.
A great, great tilt.
So those are the type of hockey games
that people want to watch.
Goals, fights, hits.
Buddy, that was one of the best games of the year.
It was a fucking movie.
It was a movie.
You should have seen this shift by Lane Hudson and OT.
Like, Kreider's coming down on him one on one
and does like the Gretzky curl back.
And there's no chance he thought like somebody could be on me this quick.
Lane Hudson did the super feet, stripped him of the pocket, like went down.
Like, he almost had a breakaway.
He like, it was crazy how quickly he pivoted, took the puck, Kryder was just like,
da da, and boom, he's gone.
He ended up curling up, but they ended up
getting the winner in OT.
Nick Suzuki, did Nick Suzuki score in OT?
Can you check that?
I'm drawing a blank right now, I think he did.
And I think he might have.
I think he did.
I think he did, and that would have, let me check here.
I apologize listeners.
It was Sunday, Rangers Canadians, box score right here.
No, Lionel got it, and that leads us right in.
The only reason I thought it was Suzuki, Suzuki's tied right now for the most OT winners in
one season at four.
So his next OT winner, five in one
year will be an NHL record, but Patrick Lyonet got it. He got his 12th of the season. This
guy's been a machine on the power play, nice enough to come on, very interesting cat. We
talk about his outfits, we talk about his gaming, and we talk about his love of hockey
and how he's refound that passion since kind of a tough time in his life. So I think it's
a great time right now to throw it over to Patrick Laine.
Guys, Whit here, and I want to talk about DraftKings right now.
And from the football playoffs to college and pro basketball to the rush of hockey,
what a time to be a sports fan.
And it's all happening right now.
You can get in on all the action of all the sports that you love at the DraftKings
sports book with so many sports every day is game day at DraftKings.
That means unlimited opportunities to place your first bet and DraftKings makes it easy.
How easy you ask?
Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win.
Go to the DraftKings Sportsbook app, pick your team and place your bet and to help get
you started here's something special for all new customers. Bet 5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Bet 5 on your favorite team to win a game
and get 200 into your account in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook
app and use code CHICKLETTS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. That's code CHICKLETTS for new customers to get 200 in
bonus bets instantly when you
bet just 5.
DraftKings the crown is yours. 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org. Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boothill Casino and Resort in Kansas.
21 and over.
Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co.
slash audio.
We are now pleased to be joined by a very special guest, the second overall pick in
2016.
He's been a member of the Winnipeg Jets, the Columbus Blue Jackets, and now he's lighting
it up for the Montreal Canadiens so far this season.
Patrick Lain, how you doing, buddy?
Doing good.
I've been waiting for my invitation to join the podcast.
I'm excited.
Well, we appreciate you finally coming on.
We've wanted to have you on for a long time.
I guess we can kind of just start with, um, you getting back from injury.
It was such a bummer for every, every Montreal fans, mostly, but everyone that
just wanted to see you play in your, in your new colors and you get injured and
boom, it just sucked, but now you're back.
You scored three of your first four games.
How does it feel to be back? And are you all healthy now? boom, it just sucked. But now you're back, you scored three of your first four games.
How does it feel to be back and are you all healthy now?
Yeah, no, no, like you said, it was, it was definitely a bummer to, to say it nicely.
You know, the second, second preseason game and, you know, it was, it was a hard road
to, you know, get back to playing and obviously with and obviously with the new team and all that.
So it was definitely not the greatest start and the start the team and the city was looking
for.
But you know, just had to do some rehab and take a little time off.
But now it feels great and it's just, you know, it's fun to be playing again
and just having a blast, you know.
It's, you know, I haven't had this much fun in a long time.
So that's pretty special, yeah.
That's great to hear.
And on the bright side, it kind of looked like
it could have been a lot worse.
Like right when it happened, were you like,
oh my God, that's ACL.
And then it was actually great news to see what it, what the prognosis was.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, I've had, uh, I think I've had four surgeries on the same knee
already and, uh, as soon as I got hit, I'm like, this ain't good.
This ain't good.
And then, uh, yeah, that's, that's kind of the first diagnosis I got
when I got to the locker room and they had the dogs
and everything and they were like,
they told me later, they didn't tell me at the time,
but they were like, yeah, that's probably ACL and MCL
and probably done for the year.
But yeah, I ended up flying to New York to see a specialist
and he said, you New York to see a specialist and, you know, he said,
he said, you don't necessarily need a surgery and you can just try to try to
rehab it and kind of didn't promise, but said that, you know, there's high
percentages that it'll be, it'll be good.
Even, even without surgery.
So happy, happy it worked out.
You know, I wasn't, well, wasn't happy that, you know, I still missed, missed two months,
but you know, it could have been, could have been a lot worse.
So I think in the summertime when they announced you were going over, there was this excitement
and then obviously you got injured, but I felt like it was the first time you really
felt that energy when you got announced as the season was beginning the first home game
when there was that eruption from the crowd.
Like it seems like you were almost in shock by receiving that type of ovation
and you'd yet played a regular season game.
Yeah. I mean, yeah, I've kind of,
it's kind of been a little overwhelming at times too. Like, you know,
the first preseason game, like every time I touched the puck,
like the crowds going crazy and I'm like, I haven't even done anything.
I think I lost the puck too at that point.
They're still going nuts.
But yeah, it was the first game, the home opener.
I still had my crutches. It was so funny.
I was standing in front of Marty.
Not directly because you couldn't have seen him if I was.
No problem.
Yeah it was funny as soon as they announced my name and I had my crutches on like my crutches were shaking.
I'm like I really hope that the camera doesn't pick that up.
That you know my crutches are going all over the place.
But no it was like I think I said it in an, like I just felt like I don't, I don't deserve this.
Like, you know, I haven't played at all over here yet and you guys are, you know, so, so awesome and so welcoming.
So it was, it was pretty, pretty sweet.
You might be off PP one when Marty hears that little jab you just took Adam.
Do you guys have that type of relationship where you guys are like chirping each other
and it's lighthearted and like players coach
or does he push your buttons?
I mean, you know, he's, I mean, he's been around
for a long time and you know, I'm sure he gets it.
But well, we just had a conversation in Winnipeg
that we got to be honest with each other
and you know, we got to get to the truth. So you're short Marty.
Yeah. I got, I got a, I'm saying anything anymore.
So hopefully I'll be still on the power play tomorrow.
He'll be chirping your back checks next press conference.
No, I can't, I can't let him have that. I gotta,
I gotta finish all the back checks and I'll be eating pucks tomorrow.
So do they still play that portion of the song fix you by Coldplay when you get out
there in Montreal?
That is the best intro that I've ever experienced.
It doesn't matter what level, what league, like that place just when you're skating around
after warmups before the anthem, the rush and like the the chills you get is incredible, huh?
Yeah, it's
like I didn't
I didn't realize how cool it is. Like as a visitor, like when I've played there, but now when they play it and it's like
guys are going nuts in the locker room. Like you should hear Caulfield like when when he's like
he's going crazy when he
hears that song before the game.
And I'm like, Jesus Christ.
You've been in two Canadian cities and you know, Winnipeg, obviously
smaller building and stuff like that.
But the crowds, like, do you feel the energy more so in Montreal than you
did in Winnipeg because it just seems like that's like the Mecca of hockey,
right?
When you're going into Montreal.
I think just like, it could be like a regular Tuesday, like tomorrow we'll be
playing Buffalo like on a Tuesday and the crowd's still going to be buzzing.
But I feel like Winnipeg was like, yeah, it still has a great crowd, but I think
the flow, well, especially playoffs.
It's just the coolest thing I've ever been to so far.
Like the white outs and all that stuff.
Like it was pretty loud.
Like when we would play Vegas in the conference finals,
like it was just, it was crazy.
Like I do miss those.
So got to experience the playoffs over here.
I'm sure it's not kind of disappointing.
But yeah, it's pretty crazy over here.
I'd love to go back to your time in Finland growing up and like the prospect you turned
into and we always start at the beginning and kind of find out like where your love
of hockey came from.
If it was a family member or a friend and I also like knowing like when you knew you,
you thought you had a chance of being the player you are now, but just like what age were you when
you started playing? I read something where you wanted to be a goalie. I don't know if that's true.
Yeah. Um, I think I was probably around maybe four, something like that when my, when my dad took me,
maybe four, something like that, when my dad took me to play for the first time.
And yeah, like he used to, he never played like pro hockey or anything, just like beer leaks and you know, stuff like that. But always, always been around the game and he, I guess, wanted me
to play hockey. So took me over there and yeah, I mean, I played goalie until I was like 11.
Oh shit, full time. And, um, yeah, I mean, I, I played goalie until I was like 11. No shit.
Full time.
Not, not full time, but I, whenever, like, you know, I think at least over there in
juniors, it's like, you guys kind of take turns a little bit, like let everybody try
it and, um, like I, I block, like to weigh more than, you know, being a forward.
And they actually told me I was better as a goal, you know, being a forward and they actually told me I was
better as a goalie than I was as a forward at the time.
But eventually when you could be the new Ashanti Otani, you could be playing net some
games and playing out others.
Yeah.
I don't think I could do that anymore.
You know, guys are shooting way too hard.
Like it was, it was way more fun when you were 11 and guys can't even raise the
clock, so it was, it was okay back then.
That's true.
I don't, yeah, I don't think I could be eating always one teas.
Um, even, even with double, double pads on, I don't think I'm going in front of that.
But, um, but yeah, I think it was like 11 or 12 when you kind of had to pick, you
know, which position you're going to do.
And I still want it to be a goalie, but you know, my dad was, uh, he made the
choice for me since they were paying.
So they had the final say and I would say it worked out, worked out.
Okay.
Is there anything that being a goalie taught you about maybe playing out?
And then you just mentioned Ovi.
My understanding is you idolized him growing up and I'm assuring that that's
why you wanted to score goals.
Yeah.
It's, I mean, it's kind of hard to say, you know, I don't think you, you know,
when you're 10 years old and you play goalie, like you really pick up on
anything necessarily, but yeah, I love watching Ovi, like me and my, yeah, my
best friend, we were huge capsaps fans overall. His guy was
Mike Green. He was a defenseman when he played juniors and so he was his favorite guy and
mine was Ovi. And I don't really know how I actually started liking him. Just the way
he was playing when he was younger, like just absolutely
bodying guys and just scoring 60 goals a year.
Like it was amazing.
Like I'm sure you guys can agree with that.
Yeah.
He bodied me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Not when you're on the other side of it.
Maybe growing up, it'd be cool, but, uh, yeah, I'm sure watching it was way cooler
than, you know, getting bodied by him.
Yeah, I'm sure watching it was way cooler than, you know, getting bodied by him. But, yeah, it's his love watching him.
And then, you know, whenever you would go to practice or just shoot parks at our backyard,
you know, you would watch his highlights on YouTube and just try to, you know, create
a shot like him and be like him one day.
And that's kind of how it started.
Considering you played goalie like off and on until you're 11,
I guess you're not one of those kids that like from seven, eight years old,
they're like, oh my God, who is this guy?
This like a prodigy.
Was there a year that you like popped off?
Were you always the tallest kid?
Did you have a big growth spurt?
Like what year was it when everything kind of changed?
And you're like, I think I could have a future in this sport. Like what year was it when everything kind of changed and you're like, I think I could have a future in this sport.
I think probably when, uh,
when like the national team started, like the juniors, um,
I think that was probably the first time. Um, I think it was like,
under 17s we would be playing,
I think we played in Sweden or somewhere and like team US,
they had like Matthew's Kachuk
Like these guys playing like there was some like really good players over there. I think I scored
I think I scored Hattie in every game
Every in that turn it was it was a lucky turn I guess but no I think it was just around those times when
You could play against, you know guys from other countries that are kind of your age.
And, uh, you know, I kind of saw that I can play against these guys that are
considered like the best in the world at that time.
And, uh, but yeah, I think it was just when you're younger, you just play
cause you have fun and, uh, you don't necessarily think that, Oh, I want to
make a career out of this.
What's it like?
We were talking about it recently on one of the podcasts.
Just you see it when you guys go over and play Worlds.
And if you're lucky enough to win it, like the reception you guys get when you come back home,
like people are all into it.
You know, every time the time that I've been there, it seems like your group of guys,
like you guys are always dressed nice, wearing suits.
It's almost like your Superbowl.
Can you touch on that a little bit? Just what it means to you guys in your
country just to represent Finland as a whole?
Yeah, yeah, I think it's, you know, I've been fortunate to to play in, you know,
a lot of a lot of national team games and a lot of big, big tournaments.
And I think, you know, especially as a small country, I think for us, it's always,
and like lately too, we've been winning quite a bit in men's and juniors and all that.
So I think, we're like, just very proud, very proud to be representing our country.
Just like I'm sure everybody else is,
whether it's Canada, US, whoever,
but I think our country is just,
since it's so much smaller,
I think we're kind of always seen as the underdogs
against these big countries.
So especially when we win,
I think it's more special when we get some medals
every now and then.
So. Obviously it's an honor to play for your club team from where you're from.
Now I believe you played in your same hometown.
Your hometown is Tempiri, which is I think the third most populated city in all
Finland. Now is Tapara the club team there? It's in that town.
Yeah, there's two, there's two over there.
They play playing
the same building, same league. So there's kind of a, kind of a rivalry with that. There's
like Mike, Mike hints played for that team and, um, bunch of, a bunch of other guys.
So there's a, there's a big, big rivalry over there. So kind of like a giant jet situation
in the NFL, you guys share the facility the facility separate rooms play out of the same building
So would those games just be electric would they had to separate the fan bases with cops?
Like how crazy did it get not not that crazy? It's not like it's not like
English soccer it's it's not that crazy, but
They were they would get pretty heated heated sometimes, but those are
Those are definitely the games guys would look forward to the most. I think there would be like maybe six of those a year or something like that.
And even like going back to juniors, like when you would play those games, like instead
of being 50 fans like everybody's parents, like there'd be 200 play those games, like instead of, you know, being 50 fans, like
everybody's parents, like there'd be 200 watching those games.
So they were, they were, they were really cool to play those games and they always had
a little more, more meaning.
What made you decide that one?
Was it based on your district and where you lived?
Like did they, did they poach you early?
No, actually I did start for the other team when, uh, uh, when I started, but I
mean, I was like four or five years old.
So, and then, uh, I guess it just ended up working.
Cause, uh, I guess the other team, they were always skating like on the other
side of town, which was, uh, which was a far drive for, for us.
So we just ended up going to, uh, to my, my old town, which was a far drive for us. So we just ended up going to my old team, which was always closer.
So it made it a little more convenient for my parents to drive.
So, but that worked out too, since we ended up winning a bunch over there.
So can't complain.
Yeah. So that year you guys won the league, like you're, you're obviously a highly touted draft pick.
You go play world juniors.
You're lighted up.
Was that the first time you kind of started maybe dealing with fame where you would walk the streets in Finland and people would recognize you on a regular basis?
No, not like crazy.
Still.
I think it's more been when when I moved over here, I think back when I was still over there, it wasn't as big.
But you know, when we won, we won the, you know, obviously the world juniors,
then we won the finish league. You know, won the silver and then the men's worlds.
I think it was after that when...
That's a big year.
That was a big year, yeah. Don't get me started on a World Cup that we didn't get a medal from there.
That didn't go as well for us.
But yeah, I think after that, it's just kind of skyrocketed a little bit.
And I'm kind of not a hard guy to miss walking down the street.
So part of that is your style.
We've talked about it before.
I mean, you'll wear anything. And I've kind of like,
I've looked at some of your outfits and like this guy, he doesn't give a shit.
Have you always been like, Hey, I love different type clothes.
I love loud clothes. Like, is that newer in your life?
Or have you always been that way?
First time in Montreal, didn't you wear like the cow pajamas to like the locker
room? Commodore was like, Hey, call me old school.
It's a finished brand.
It's a flower or flower.
It was a flower flower.
I saw the cow pants, cow pants, comet, but you know, whatever.
Yeah.
No, it's, it's been more, more lately.
Probably a few, few years ago.
Um, asked like before that I was just, you know, just wearing regular, I think it was the first time I saw him. I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him.
I think it was the first time I saw him. I think it was the first time I saw him. I think of started watching him and I was like, yeah, might as
well give it a try.
And then I ended up, I think it was the, my second year in Columbus, the home
opener, I had my purple suit and then my Terminator glasses on, and, uh, I
kind of realized pretty quick that there's no coming back, coming back to
that, like I can't be wearing since like normal Navy blue anymore
Gotta gotta keep going down this road when we started in the league
It was a road suit a home suit and a Saturday night suit yet
Everyone just had three suits nowadays
You never see you guys in the same suit like are you guys getting these suits for free or you paying for all these?
I think some guys still probably have that that they only have three suits based on what I've seen but No, it's I mean, I think some guys still probably have that, that they only have three suits based on what I've seen.
But no, it's, I mean, I think this is great that it's going that direction a little bit.
Like you, I mean, you look at all the other sports, like you guys wear the most outrageous stuff.
And like, I don't, I don't mind wearing suits, but I think they should probably make it optional.
Like I think some teams have already, but like, like guys show off their personality, like guys have nice, nice clothes, like, you know, where, where,
whatever, but as long as you don't show up and like, you know, just as
how pants are.
My pants never.
Have you seen what Joe Burrow's been wearing?
I was going to ask you to if, if chiclets, like myself, wit,
Yans, G in the background, if we designed you a suit, would you wear it on a walk?
In? Oh yeah, absolutely.
We're doing it.
We got to get the fans in the mix too. Like maybe we go a little corduroy on there.
I'll wear anything.
As long as it's not like plain, crazy suit,
I'm gonna wear it.
Oh damn, there goes my idea.
Wait, what do you got?
I got the worst suits in the league actually
from a guy that was in Montreal.
I look like Anthony, I look like Penny Hardaway.
Yeah, we give you a baggy one from Wits wits closet that you can wear with the pleats.
Actually maybe be packet style now.
That works too. Yeah. Baggy, baggy pants are back. So that might work out.
Um, what's your nickname? What do the guys call you in the locker room?
Well, when I got here, it was Patty. Now, now there's Patty Ice,
just Ice, Iceman.
Uh, it's evolving. I do. I do like Patty Ice. just Ice, Iceman. That's a good one.
It's evolving.
I do like Patty Ice, I'm not going to lie.
I don't know exactly where it comes from, but that's probably my favorite so far.
Biz mentioned the World Juniors where you just lit it up.
I remember watching it.
It was incredible.
And then there was discussion, Matthews or Lyon and all that. And then you came into the NHL and just, it was easy
from the get go. Like, did you expect that? Did you even know for sure you'd be coming over and
playing in the NHL right after your draft year, which is more common now, but still to see the
impact you made as an 18 year old, it's crazy. Yeah. Um, I think it was helpful that, you know, I played against men for like ever since I was 15.
And then obviously we had the World Cup before my, like my first camp.
So like I already saw like all the best players pretty much.
And you know, I wish I could say we nailed it, but I think we scored two goals in three
games.
So that wasn't, wasn't good.
But did you feel like I belong, like I can play with these guys right now?
Yeah, I think so.
I think so.
I think it was, uh, I wouldn't say it was easy, but, um, or easier than I expected.
But like my first camp, I just came in, like I, I think I said in every, every interview that I just want to play.
Like, I don't care if I'm first on fourth line, you know, in and out of the lineup.
Like I just want to make it.
And that was kind of, kind of my mindset.
And obviously, you know, I had some trust from the coaches to, you know, put me on
the power play and put me in top six and then it just kind of, you know, just took off and confidence
started growing and, you know, so it was, um, it was better than I could
ever imagine, you know, coming over.
Would you have expected like Paul Maurice to go on and do what he's done in
Florida, like, like off the bat, were you like, this guy's a great coach.
I understand his message.
How was your relationship with him and, and all that?
No, I think it was, I think it was good.
I think he's, um, you know, obviously took him a while to get his first cup, but I think
he's, uh, he's a really good coach and he knows what he's doing.
And I think as a young guy, I think I think he was tough when he needed to be and he still
kind of gave me the freedom to do my stuff even as a young guy. Like yeah obviously there's you know
times where you you know fuck up but that's just being a young guy in this league and but he was
very good about that. Like it's not like if I had a turnover, I'm not going to play the rest of the game.
It was never like that.
So he was very good about that.
So I think that was helpful that I had a coach like that to begin with who had the trust
and who was just confident that I could do great things.
So a lot of things goes to him for sure.
Yeah.
I was just going to ask you more about like just coming in the league, uh, you know, you
look at that roster, like you guys had some studs and some characters guys like buff, uh,
Blake Wheeler and even like guy like Josh Morris.
I think he came, do you guys come in the same year?
I think he like, um, started playing like full time around that time, like with, with
the team, but yeah, we had some characters
in that team.
You were probably there for one buff through Caner's tracksuit.
That was the year before.
Year before.
Okay.
All right.
Damn.
God damn.
I missed that, but yeah, there was a lot of good guys.
One of my favorite guys ever I'd play with, I sat with Chris Thorburn.
I played with Thorby.
He was my junior captain.
Yeah.
So he, uh, he was, he was awesome.
Like he's still probably like top three.
My favorite teammates I've, I've ever had.
Um, so he kind of, kind of took me under, under his wing a little bit and kind of...
He didn't teach me how to shoot, unfortunately, but you know, he could teach me other stuff.
He makes Biz's nose look normal. He's got a snout on him.
He's got an absolute toucan Sam on him. It's crazy.
So I played junior with him. When I played junior with him, he wouldn't even swear.
He was like Shane Doane. Like he was like Shane Doane.
He prepared me for Shane Doane.
He'd be like, frig, no swear words.
I was shocked.
I was kind of the first, great leadership of course.
Going back to early in your career,
it's been pretty documented you were a big gamer.
Like you loved the Fortnite and all this stuff.
How excessive did it get?
Like how many hours a week were you playing?
It got pretty interesting at times. You know, there's been, actually I wanted to bring this
off. There's been some talks that I was buying TVs on the road.
That's a lie?
I just saw that article. That's not true. That's not true. I did that one time with the EELers.
And it was so funny.
Guys were on the plane when we flew back from Winnipeg the other night.
They're like, they saw the article.
They're like, is this true?
Like, do you do that?
I'm like, no, I'm not.
I'm not stupid.
And I think it said too that I had the equipment guys or something to go buy me TVs.
I'm like, well, that's fake news.
Fake allegations, rumor boys.
Yeah, that's bullshit.
But yeah, whatever.
We thought you were Allen Iverson buying just new clothes every road trip, but yours is
just TVs for gaming.
Leave it for the maid.
Yeah, no, no, that's not my jam my, not my jam, but you know, whatever people,
it will talk, talk, whatever they talk anyway.
So that's fine.
I wanted to ask.
And they have a suitcase and it's like a suitcase and you open it and it's a TV
screen with the, uh, yeah, I've seen, uh,
he's like, I own the company.
He's like, I brought that not just a TV.
I wish I wish. No, it was, uh, I own the company. He's like, I brought that not just a TV. I wish, I wish.
No, it was guys would, yeah, I think guys don't do that anymore.
Not as much.
And I feel like as a, as a young guy too, like I was a roommates with
the dealers for a couple of years and we, we were just like two young guys.
I, we didn't want to go out to dinners with like older guys.
And so we just, you know, stayed in and played some games.
And, um, but not, not anymore, not anymore.
That's what I wanted to ask you about.
Cause like, do you have any regrets about maybe not, uh, bonding with teammates
more, like maybe, uh, like, you know, spending those, not saying you need to
go out and drink, but you know, you're spending your time kind of in the room the whole time where I loved going for the
10, 12 guy dinners where you get to know your teammates and you gel a little bit more.
Yeah, I think, I don't think I regret it.
I think as a young guy, like, obviously my mangos wasn't like it is today.
Like it was hard to, you know, go out with
guys and especially like with the older guys, like being an 18 year old, like I felt a little
uncomfortable and obviously like my main thing was hockey.
Like, I want to, you know, recover and do my thing here to make sure I'm, you know,
at my best tomorrow's game.
And that was kind of my mindset.
But now, you know, with other young guys coming in, like, I'm trying to encourage
them to, uh, to join us and spend more time.
But, uh, yeah, so I wouldn't say I have like regrets about that.
I, it was just like purely hockey, hockey at that time.
So you've been a guy that's kind of like in the news a lot,
like ever since you came into the league,
sniper play with flair out there and you're saying now like this report of
buying TVs is false. Is there any,
but any other stories you've ever seen out there where you're like,
what the fuck that is it? That never happened. Or that's not true.
There has been, I don't think I like remember any specific stories,
but yeah, I feel like think I like remember any specific stories, but, um, yeah, I
feel like there's been a bunch, bunch of those that like, are, are these so-called
insiders from their couch, you know, who, uh, who, who tweets something, you guys,
37 followers and it's like, Oh, all of a sudden they know everything, you know?
Um, so I think there's been, there's been a lot of those, but you know, it's like, that doesn't
matter.
Like people, people talk either way, like whatever you say, but so I don't, I don't
pay attention to those too much anymore.
That's just, you know, everybody has, has their opinion about everything anyway.
So it's, it's fine.
Yeah. You have some years at Winnipeg guys go Western conference finals, you're scoring and then
2020, 2021 season, you're traded to Columbus, right?
I think you had one game played, two goals, one assist.
Like take us through the trade.
Did you know it was coming?
That first trade is often shocking to guys, but I don't know if beforehand you knew it
was going to go down.
Like how did that all come about?
Yeah, it was.
Yeah, I think it was the COVID year that started late.
I originally thought that I get traded during the summer.
Why did you think that? There were some talks and we kind of wanted to change the scenery a little bit.
Just to, you know, try out somewhere else.
Hopefully, hopefully get some like bigger opportunities
and stuff like that.
And then, and then, you know, nothing happened
and camp started and season started.
So I figured like, okay, I'm not gonna get traded anymore.
Then at least not yet.
And then yeah, played one game.
I think I, um, Strain my oblique.
I was out for a couple of months and then it was just like one random morning.
We were stretching with the fitness guys before, before the skate.
And then our like team management guy comes in and he's like, the GM wants to see.
Yeah.
So I kind of, I knew right away, like I'm, I'm gone.
Like he's not going to come talk to me for like no other reason right now.
And then yeah, I just had a meeting with him and Paul and they said, yeah, I'm
going to go into Columbus.
And even though I kind of knew, you know, it was something I wanted and I knew it was going to happen eventually.
And it was still kind of the shock at the time to hear, you're going somewhere else
and your flight leaves at night.
So go home and pack off your whole place pretty much.
So it was definitely a little bit of a shock for a 20, 21 year old who was, I was actually
living with one of my best friends at the time.
And just moving to another country by myself, it was a little bit scary at the time, but
that's kind of how it went down a little bit.
And also just looking back on your, your Winnipeg days,
I think you played back to back all star games.
Like was that one of the other highlights of your time there?
Like, did you get to like, you know, connect or bond with anyone at the all star games
or you were like, holy shit, I used to fucking watch this guy growing up.
Like maybe Ovi was there. Did you get a chance to chat with him?
Yeah, I was actually got, um, yeah, my first year we had the all star game and I think it was in LA and, uh,
got there, I think it was sitting next to Kena in the locker room, which was like
the coolest thing ever.
Like I got, I was asking everybody for sticks and you know, jerseys.
And I think the other guy I was sitting with was Ryan
Suter and now like ever like up to this day every time we're on the ice like he always
tells me like oh your like laces are open and stuff like that like he's joking with
me so that was that was pretty cool but yeah that was that was really cool experience like
getting to meet Ovi and you the other, other superstars.
Like I was just as an 18 or I was like, Jesus Christ, like this is, this is awesome.
I want to do this more.
Are you kind of touched on them earlier?
I was just going to ask quickly.
What's your favorite Dustin Buffland story?
Oh, boss story.
Too many to remember.
There's, there's a lot of good ones.
Um, what would be my favorite?
He's like an urban legend.
People ask us.
It says like every time we're like flying home, like he's having his beers in the back
just sitting by himself.
And then, um, you know, as an 18 year old old you're looking at him and then it was
the funniest shit at the time.
At the end of the flight, the flight attendants they come like offer cookies and stuff and
they go to Buff that's like you want cookies?
He's like no I can't I'm driving.
Classic dad joke.
I'm like there's this entire flight.
Like, what do you think?
I don't think I even got it at the time, but no, I thought that was, that was pretty funny.
But was it not that surprising that, that like, no, I shouldn't say that, but when he
retired, could you, could you see that coming?
Or was it, was it as shocking to you as it was to so many others?
I was actually, I was there.
Um, they were, were we had you know like
still have like the skates before camp where you know most guys are skating
together and I think he had he was doing like treatment or something and then
they were saying I thought like be here tomorrow at 9 or something he's like now
I won't I won't come back and're like, okay, like we'll see you tomorrow.
And then I've never, I haven't seen him after that.
You haven't seen him since?
No.
It's his dinner show.
Everybody was kind of like laughing like, okay, yeah, we'll see you tomorrow.
And then I never saw him after that.
Could he light up a room when he walked in the room where like, was he just this
presence?
Yeah, no, I think he was kind of like in his own world. I never saw him after that. Could he light up a room when he walked in the room? Where like, was he just this presence?
Yeah, no, I think he was kind of like in his own bubble, like minding his own business, you know, like,
it wasn't like he was, you know, talking the whole time or
like he didn't light up the room in that sense,
but you could definitely sense that when he walks in and
like, you can, why am I in the floor shaking? When he's walking in and like, I mean, the floor shaking,
when he's walking in, like you can't miss it.
But yeah, he definitely had his presence set for sure.
I couldn't believe that his skates would stay in the rivets
just based on his sheer size.
Like he was what, like 270 at his max?
Like when he was showing up there.
That was probably his lightest, if I had to say, honestly.
But he moved unbelievable.
Would Paul be like, hey bud, come on here,
or did he didn't say shit?
I don't think anybody said anything.
He kind of, I don't know if he had his own rules,
but no, he would, but for a guy that size,
he's naturally the strongest guy I've ever seen.
Like you've seen those videos, like from our playoff runs, like he's just grabbing two
guys as his pulling them out of piles.
And it was not something like, and I don't think I saw him like work out once probably,
but he was just naturally so strong and so gifted.
But go like the way he was moving, like 270.
I'm like, if I was 270, I can't even get up
off from the couch.
But it was impressive.
The craziest thing, or when I first saw like what he was
and what he could do is remember he bodied Pronger
in the cup finals. They went in the corner and like just never saw could do is memory bodied pronger in the in the cup finals they went
in the corner and like just never saw pronger get bodied you're like what the fuck just happened
that but i guess you talk about all the hits buff through has there ever been a time in your career
when you just got lit up like what's the hardest hit you've ever taken if you if you've taken a
big one oh it was my first year it was uh we played, we played in Buffalo and, uh, Jake McCabe just absolutely put me in the body bag.
I, uh, I remember getting the, getting a backhand pass from Schaif's and then my
next memory is waking up in the room after that and, uh, in between nothing.
I have no clue what happened.
I got to YouTube this hit right now.
Yeah. So that was, uh, that was interesting. That was kind of like, welcome to the league. Hello,
kids. Yeah. Moment. And, uh, yeah.
Another character you've came in contact with, uh, Torz. He was your coach for a hot minute in
Columbus. Now, did you have any infamous blowups with him? Like Like was there ever anything? I don't remember anything in particular,
like going like in the media or anything,
but like, I'm sure you guys had your words.
Yeah, it was, it was interesting.
The, I think they were on a road trip when I got to Columbus
and cause you had to quarantine for a couple of days
when you entered the country.
So I was skating by myself and, uh, I met everybody.
It was a morning skate before a game and I've never met towards before in my life.
And the only thing he says to me, not even a high, he just says, don't fuck it up tonight.
I'm like, okay.
Sounds good. I'll try.
Did you love that?
Did you love it?
It was a little weird at the time.
I'm like, hi coach.
Stories.
But I'm like, okay, we'll try to do that.
That is fucking awesome.
Yeah.
He was interesting.
I think, yeah, I think he benched me.
It was like the third game or something.
And,
well, you made it like, made that long.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
We got, we got scored on and I was, I was so pissed coming into the bench and our,
one of our assistant coaches, I came up to me with the iPad right away.
And, uh, I said, not so nicely that you can leave with this iPad right now and towards her it.
He's like, you fucking talk to my assistants like that ever again.
And yeah, I didn't play another shift in that period.
So I learned pretty quick.
It's like a kid talking back to his mom and then the dad hears.
He's like, what'd you say?
Yeah, it was exactly like that.
But you know, it's definitely shouldn't have said that.
But you know, even the moment you say things and then of course, of course he heard it.
And yeah, I didn't have to have to play play again in that game.
But at least I learned the hard way that those things in front of the words.
When you went over to Columbus that year, like maybe a little bit of a struggle,
like, I don't know if just the trade and not fitting in or what happened there.
But that next year, unbelievable year, point per game, 30 goals.
Like, was it just that first season it was hard and getting over the trade?
And then after a full season and training camp, it just felt that much easier.
Yeah, I think it was a little hard.
And, you know, like before I went over there,
like I was out for a couple of months,
like I didn't skate much.
And then you go play a whole nother system.
Everything is new, new country, living by yourself.
Like it was just a little too much to handle at the time.
And then obviously when you don't have success,
like your team's not doing well, like your confidence is low.
And so like, yeah, it didn't go too well.
But yeah, after that, I think it was a couple of years,
point in point again, pretty much.
But I mean, at the end of the day,
who cares when you're dead
league or dead last in the league but yeah it was it was great after after
that first first first year and it was it was fun to play after that. I was just
gonna ask about your connection with Johnny Goodrell hockey world got floored
this summer with that news and I would imagine like you enjoy your time with him.
He was like the best teammate, best friend, best husband, best person that
anybody could ask for.
So I just was going to hand it over to you.
It was such a tough time.
Yeah, no, it was.
I mean, just as shocked as everybody else.
Like I didn't want to believe it when you open Twitter and you see something like
that and obviously, you know, most guys played longer with him than I did, but my guy was,
you know, sitting next to him in the locker room and sitting next to him on the plane
playing cards.
And so kind of kind of got to know him.
Not as well as some of the other guys, but yeah, it was just, I mean, both of them, like
you, I don't know
it's it's still like hard to imagine that you know you won't won't see him
play ever again or do anything else like and just feel feel for the families like
it was it was just so awful like I can't even imagine how they're doing and but
just like everybody else just try to support him as, as well as we can.
And, you know, just keep us, uh, keep both our, you know, the luck as he's gone.
And, but yeah, it was, it was shocking.
Just as least.
You've been kind of open, um, recently about like your mental health.
And I believe you started, uh, some sort of a foundation or, or, or system
to, to try to help others.
And I read something where you said, I just tried to like talk to myself more positively,
where I used to be negative.
And I know last year you took a little time away, like looking back now, was that a great
decision by you?
Are you feeling that much better in your own headspace and everything after everything
you've kind of gone through?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, it was at the time, probably the hardest decision I've had to make, you know, like
walk away from something you love and you kind of sacrificed everything to be here.
And then, you know, because of your own struggles, you got to leave that behind for a little
bit or at the time, I didn't know for how long I didn't know if I was going to play
again.
But yeah, it was the best decision I've ever made to, you know, take that time off and prioritize my head.
Since, you know, when you start to notice how your head is starting to affect your work, your relationships, your just day to day life.
Like you just can't function anymore.
So that was
that was the most important decision for my health that I've made.
And then obviously started
Beyonce started from our C page and this nonprofit where people can share
their stories about overcoming adversity and to strata. And just try to, you know, spread some positivity around, around this topic and
just show people that, you know, it's normal to, uh, to struggle and, you know,
you're not the only one in this world, you know, having these issues and just
try to, you know, create this kind of community where, you know, it's safe to,
uh, share these stories and, and, and, and, and, and, and issues and just try to, you know, create this kind
of community where, you know, it's safe to share these stories and, you know, hopefully
you can come in and something relates to you and you find some help from that.
So that's been really, really passionate about.
You were actually like in such a tough spot mentally that, that
when you took the step away, you weren't even sure if you'd ever play again.
Huh?
Yeah, no, I didn't know.
I think I, well, yeah, it kind of started the summer before.
And I think I told the armor a couple of times that I'm like, I'm done playing
that I'm not going to come back.
I'm not going to come back. I'm not going to play again. And then ended up coming back and I probably probably shouldn't have
at the time. I think I should have taken the time then and then you know it just started kind of
kind of going downhill and just got to that point where I was so depressed and just couldn't
couldn't function anymore and just had to had to blow the whistle that, you know, this is not going to be.
Good.
If, uh, if you just try to, you know, run through the wall, like it's not
gonna, not going to work out.
So I had to, I had to put a stop to it.
And, but now, now, you know, happier, happier than ever and happy to be playing
again and overall, overall healthy.
So that's, it's. So that's been great.
Oh, good for you.
Yeah, congratulations.
Like, do you feel comfortable sharing with maybe like
along that break, maybe like some tools
that you developed in order to like combat it?
Like, is it kind of like,
was it just kind of getting it off to your chest
and talking to somebody or like,
there's that has to obviously build like some skills
are developed to combat it for,
to avoid it moving forward.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think it's, um, you know, like I've been, you know, seeing a therapist
three times a week for the last like year and a half about, and, uh, I don't
think it's necessarily like, I think I've just, um, kind of learned how to like view
things, like I always kind of looked at at things that, you know, like the cliche, like is the
glass half empty or half full? I was always the half empty guy.
But now I'm just trying to always think
positively and not always go to the negative and kind of.
Kind of learn how to just deal with things like, you know, life, life's life and, you know, shit's going to happen.
But, uh, I think it's just how you, how you react and how you react to things and just try to, try to have a positive, positive mindset.
And, you know, things are, things are going to work out.
Like it might not feel like that in the moment, you know, when you're, when you're going through something, but I think, you know, I've generally believes that, you know,
everything happens for a reason and there's a reason for every struggle
you're going through.
And, um, I think it'll be easier to see, uh, see later when you're, you
know, past that, past that stuff.
Um, so that's kind of, kind of what I, what I learned from that.
It's great to hear. Cause like we've had guys on before, bring it up and it takes a lot to come So that's kind of what I learned from that.
It's great to hear because we've had guys on before bring it up and it takes a lot to
come out and talk about it.
So I think like Biz mentioned, you can't just start thinking positive.
It actually takes work that it sounds like you've put in.
So good for you.
And I'm guessing getting to Montreal, new start, feeling better about yourself and then
having the crowd love you even before you played like that only makes it makes it a little bit easier to just enjoy
like the game you love again.
Yeah, no, absolutely. And like I said in an interview before too, like, you know, like
we're working so hard to get back, you know, to get back to playing, get back to loving
coming to the rink and then
right away something bad happens. Like I said, like if that happened a year and a half ago, I don't think I could have gone over that injury but now, you know, we had some cries for a couple days at
home like we're gonna dial it in, we're gonna do the rehab and we're gonna come back, you know,
We're going to dial it in. We're going to do the rehab and we're going to come back, you know, greater, greater than
ever.
And, uh, but yeah, like this whole, whole city and whole organization, everybody here
has been so supportive and it's just made me just gave me the juice to come back even,
even quicker and just like makes you want to come back to play, play in front of these
fans and play with these guys.
Like it's just so special over here. And we talked about Finland in your country and now like Four Nations is coming up.
Like how excited are you for that in Montreal and Boston?
Like who are you looking forward to possibly playing with?
I guess you said you've played with Hintz growing up.
Like could he be a possible center for you?
Like have you thought at all about it or is it more kind of day to day with Montreal right now?
I think it's more day to day. But that was yeah actually during my break when I wasn't
playing last year like that was that and the Olympics was something I was really looking
forward to and kind of wanted to. I was like if I'm gonna play another year another two years like
who cares but like I want to I want to leave on a? But like, I want to, I want to
leave on a high note. Like I don't, I don't want to leave like this. Like I, I want to,
I want to do all these things. Like never got to play in the Olympics. Like I want to
play in the four nations. And now that I got, got the, got invited, which I wasn't sure
if I was going to, since, you know, I haven had, hadn't played a game in a year at that point, but you know, they had, um, you know, all their confidence that
I'll be, uh, I'll be good for the team at that, at that point.
And, uh, right.
I think there's just so many good players on that team.
Like Mark is one of my best friends.
Like I've played with him in a couple of tournaments and I mean, you know, we
got, we got Miko, we got Aho, we got hands.
Like all these forward group.
Yeah.
I got forwards there.
I think we can really surprise some, uh, some teams.
Um, I think, you know, we have a, I think team feeling that has always been like,
you know, everybody knows their role.
No, nobody has an ego.
Like, you know, we're not going to start fighting over who gets two minutes more on
the ice. It's not going to be like that. Everybody knows their assignment and everybody does their
job and that's kind of how it goes with us over there I guess. But no, it'll be cool to play here
especially. So hopefully the fans are not boo brewing at me too bad too bad
And hopefully they'll give him a couple of claps golf claps at least so I think Barqy's just starting to get the
The recognition that he deserves I'd like no offense to all the legends that I played with
I think he's the best player I ever played with all around like the guy does everything
You know, what do you you think a guy like him will bring
to that team Finland? Do you think he'll be the captain? Do you think he's going to be
the number one guy out there?
I think he should be. I mean, no offense to Branton who's having an unreal start to the
year, but I think Barqy is just the face of Finnish hockey.
I think like he's such like everything he does is like 100.
He does it so well on and off the ice.
Like I think he's well, never obviously played with him in this league, but I think he's
the best player I've ever played with.
He's just so good.
And, you know, lately, like he's getting the recognition that he deserves.
And I can't even imagine if he was playing in a place like Toronto or Montreal, like
he would be a lot bigger than God over here.
He's, he's just so good.
But yeah, he's just gonna, I think he'll be, he'll be leading,
leading that group for sure. And, uh, did you go to his cup party?
Actually, no, cause I was, uh, I was still in Florida spending my off
season, so I couldn't go, but I, I, I did promise in my speech that I'll
go to his next one, I'll go to his next one, but, uh, yeah, I had to, I had to
miss this.
He probably didn't even have one.
He was probably skating. The guy's a machine. Well, I probably, he had to, I had to miss this. He probably didn't even have one. He was probably skating.
The guy's a machine.
Well, probably he is probably playing tennis or working on his face-offs.
Yeah.
He's even better at tennis than he is at hockey.
It's wild.
He's insane.
I feel like a lot of these guys, these thoroughbred, like Matthews is a big
tennis player, they do it for the cardio, but they don't, they're not thinking about it. And that small, I guess that small area game too. And I guess
I was going to ask you, like, do you play and what do you do away from the rink? I know
you like fashion as a hobby, you love hockey, but what else do you do to get away?
I played tennis with Barkey a lot. Like I used to play when I was younger too, like in a
team and all that. I'm not as good as he is. Like he's just good at better than, better than me and everything he does apparently.
But, um, no, it's just, just like to, you know, be, be at home with, uh, with my
fiance and our dog and just, you know, do kind of whatever, go for walks and.
Watch, watch TV, watch a lot of, a lot of hockey and, um, it's kind of, kind of it.
That's kind of it.
Oh, you do, you watch the league, you watch diff, when you're not playing, you're watching
different, different buddies or different teams play.
Oh yeah.
If I'm, if I'm on the road, um, I'm watching like three games a night.
Oh shit.
Yeah.
Wow.
Well, if it works out well, cause, uh, some games start at 7, then there's 9 o'clock,
11 o'clock, I'll be watching hockey all night, pretty much.
We should bring you on as an analyst too, if you're watching that much hockey.
What do you like?
I wouldn't go that far yet.
I wouldn't go that far yet.
No, we could do a weekly segment, come on.
Maybe one day.
Well, we appreciate your time.
I guess my final question is, Biz mentioned it earlier, but in your heyday of video games,
what was the longest straight session you had?
Were you pissing in water bottles?
No, I had bathroom breaks.
That was okay.
All right.
But there would be some good, good off days where I would go probably from like eight
30 in the morning into like midnight or something from my calm, you know,
they call you Patty ice cause you're pale.
Cause you don't see the sunlight.
I'm not much talker on the phone.
So, you know, I'm just, you know, talking with my buddies and, you know, try to,
you know, play, play with little kids at the same time over there.
So shit talking in the headset.
Oh yeah.
Always, always.
Do you, um, do you play NHL or is it only like the, the, the shooting
games like Fortnite and all that?
No, it's, it's been, it's been called duty, but I, I used to grind,
grind NHL back in, grind in HL
back in, back in the day. I couldn't, can't play with myself anymore because my ratings still bad
in that game. But back in the hay days, like when I used to be good in that game, like it was,
it was fun. It was fun. I'll get, Hey, I'll call my buddies at EA. I'll get them to bump you to a 99.
They should. They should. They should. I, yeah. For this interview and your time.
a 99. They should. They should. I for this interview and your time. Yeah. Ken Hughes is like, no, no, you gotta be playing all day. Well, Patrick, it's been,
it's been a pleasure talking to you. Are you good? I was just going to say thank
you so much for your time. And like, you know, we like to see the players happy
and in a good zone and, uh, you know, you, we kind of, we had to do Shane on
recently too, and he was vulnerable about his struggles and his, and mental health stuff.
So I think it's big and I think it resonates through the league and, uh,
we appreciate you and your time, but he will be rooting for you.
Just not the four nations.
Yeah, no, I get, I get that.
No, thanks. Thanks for having me.
This is a blast to, uh, to finally get the invite.
So, well, hey, if you're watching that much hockey at some point,
playoff times, if you're not lightening up playoffs, point, playoff times, if you're not lighting
it up playoffs, maybe we get you on, get your thoughts around them.
I cannot wait to design this suit that you're going to wear.
Yup.
Like you're going to look like what's that?
The figure skating movie, blades of glory.
Oh, we're going to put that to shame.
Those outfits that were assuming that worse for you, Patty ice.
We'll talk to you soon buddy.
Absolutely. Thanks guys.
Guys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you about the only nicotine pouch in the game,
and that is Lucy. Lucy is the obvious choice for the true nicotine pouch connoisseurs,
and that's why they're the official nicotine pouch partner of Barstool Sports. Lucy pouches go up to 12 milligram in strength and have a unique shape that feels great. Lucy
Breakers, that's where it's at. That's where I go. That's who I run with and they're the only
pouches with a hydration capsule inside. They're a totally new kind of pouch only available from
Lucy. The espresso flavor guys, I cannot tell you what it's like to get up in the morning and get my iced coffee and pop in a Lucy Breaker
espresso flavored and just enjoy life with the 12 milligram espresso in your
mouth while drinking a coffee. Try it. If you haven't tried it don't knock it give
it a try. Each Breaker's pouch contains a hydration capsule that you crack open
with your teeth before tossing it in your lip.
The capsules release a burst of flavor and helps release nicotine faster for an experience that you can't find in any other pouch.
Gas Station pouches get the job done, but once you've tried Lucy, you will not want anything else in your pocket.
I promise you that. Get Lucy shipped straight to your door. Visit Lucy.co.chiclets. That's Lucy.co and use promo code CHICLETS to get
20 off your first order. Subscribe for another 15 off and shipping is always
free right now. Lucy.co.chiclets.
Thank you so much to Patrick Lyon. It's been so cool seeing him come back and just rip those one timers on the power play.
And it was a bummer when the news broke that he had that injury and was going to miss the start of the year.
And buddy, since he's came back, he's been on fire, that team's been on fire, the Bell Center's rocking,
and I'd love to see the Canadians make a push to the playoffs. So we appreciate him coming on. Mark Edward Vlasic has a
bone to pick with the NHL boys. The San Jose Sharks blue liner strongly believes
that there should be an annual award to honor the league's best defensive
defenseman. He said, I hope down the road they give out two trophies to defensemen.
He told that to San Jose Hockey now's Shen Sheng pang I think it's absolutely absurd they
deserve it I could not agree more I think we've talked about this before time
and time again and now who do we name it after guys I think somebody said the
Scott Stevens award I think that Larry Robinson Larry Robinson yeah that would
probably be like OG status like I mean he isn't one who invented the philosophy where you don't put your feet
in the crease?
Like he's just like one of the OG defenders and just a warrior to cross checks to the
back.
So that's probably a name that would come up maybe even before Scott Stevens.
It has turned into the Norris Trophy is the best offensive defenseman.
Many times these guys are playing 26 minutes a night.
They're running power plays, but it's always now,
I mean, you got the final, you got the three finalists,
it's like the three highest scoring D-men
for the most part.
Obviously there's some guys in and out of that,
but I agree with them.
I think it'd be an awesome idea.
It also adds just another element.
Should be the Chris Tanev award.
What do you mean?
The guy just blocks everything. You don't even need a fucking goalie
when he's in the lineup.
No?
Imagine they decided this.
They're like the Adam Foote award,
the Larry Robinson award.
They're just like, no, it's the Chris Tanav award.
He's like still playing.
He deserves it for how many pucks he eats.
He looks like John C. Reilly in like Step Brothers.
He's like, huh?
What? But a good idea.
He doesn't even win it.
A good idea that hopefully goes down.
And speaking of D-Men, the New Jersey Devils
find themselves in a little bit of a pickle.
Simone Nemec,
the second overall pick a few years back,
is pissed off.
And why don't we bring in Pasha right now.
This guy, no disclaimer.
Warning, the following statements are about to be made
by a deranged Devils fan.
The views expressed are his and his only.
Take everything you hear with a grain of salt
because remember, he is a deranged Devils fan.
Pasha.
What's up?
Not only have you guys lost nine of the last 11 games,
but you have a guy who you've talked to me about endlessly
about being the future of the New Jersey Devils
in this machine on the back end with Luke Hughes.
He's pissed off, buddy.
He's furious.
He's not nearly as pissed off as people think.
I got to have a word with Memesie.
This quote board, the second sentence in that interview
was like 400 words later than the first sentence
and the interview was in a different language.
This is the most overblown,
lost in translation quote ever.
Is he unhappy he's in the A?
Yes, but like that made it seem like,
oh, I need to get traded, this and that.
It's extremely overblown.
He's not going anywhere.
It was in a different language.
Everyone needs to calm down.
I would think he'd be happy though,
considering he's not in the devil's locker room,
given the toxicity and the losing atmosphere
of how bad they've been playing.
Disaster.
They're below 500 since I bought that fucking hat.
I might throw it in the fucking dumpster.
Yeah, please do.
I'll keep it.
I would pay you a lot of money.
I would pay you a lot of money throwing the dumpster.
Bring the Jesper Brat voodoo doll out, stick some pins in.
I'll bring it out.
Let's get the voodoo changed up here.
I'll bring it out.
Pasha, I want to know, because...
Where does he fit in?
Alright?
Because you got Dougie Hamilton, and you just signed out...
What's his name?
From Carolina.
Pesci.
Pesci, yeah.
Okay.
And this Kovacevich's been phenomenal.
They're probably going to resign. They're probably
going to resign him. Like I understand Nemec being like, wait a minute, like where do I fit in on
this? I'm the second overall pick. Yeah. That's a fair question. Listen, I think there's some
rumblings of people saying, oh, Kovacevich, you know, he's having such a great season. Like is
this sustainable? Are you going to be overpaying him? Yeah, you.
No, I think we should keep him.
I'm saying, I think he can maintain this level.
Listen, I think Dougie's tenure with the Devils has another year. Wow.
He's already getting off a Dougie panel.
I'm not off the Dougie train.
I think the team needs him right now.
I think he's very valuable offensively speaking.
Defensively is a little bit different, but I think sort of he'll kind of take over that Dougie role
whether that's in a year or two or whatever and he's gonna have to have to
be patient. Well he only has one more year huh? Who Dougie? No no no no I'm looking at 26-27
so he has three more seasons Hamilton. Yeah so I could see Hamilton. Just keep Nemeck in the
minors till he's done? Yeah I would do that. Hey we got a spot on the gargoyles. No no I could see Hamilton- Just keep Nemec in the minors till he's done? Yeah, I would do that. Hey, we got a spot on the gargoyles.
No, no, I could see Nemec coming up, playing his offside, them kind of making it work until
they get rid of Hamilton with maybe a year or two left on his deal.
What's the alternative? Trade him for a bag of pucks?
No, no, the alternative is you could still get, I understand.
I get what you're saying. You're trading from the AHL. You're not getting what you could,
but buddy, they got shameless Casey. No, I think you trade Casey. I think Nemec're saying. You're trading from the AHL. You're not getting what you could. But buddy, they got shameless Casey.
No, I think you trade Casey. I think Nemitz is getting more. Yeah, I think you trade Casey.
I think sort of you have that Dynamo and Luke Hughes and that, you know, the really offensive
guy. I think Nemitz is more of a well-rounded sort of, you know, just like stay at home
but they're going to trade somebody. They should probably shake it up right now. So
would you recommend trading that Casey now
to kind of get something prepared for this playoff run?
Do you think now is the window at starting now?
Yeah, the window, yeah, the time to win is now.
No more shit for the future.
I don't care about that.
Trade that big 6'6 D man or whatever,
the Russian guy they drafted when you were in Vegas.
The time to win is now.
I think the roster needs two things mainly.
They need a third line center,
especially with Hall of Hurt right now, it's really exposing their bottom six depth, which
is weird because in the first month it was only their bottom six lighting it up. And
then they need a top six scoring winner. I've talked about Alex Tuck, talked about a McCann,
something I was thinking about today I would actually love since they're doing a fire sale.
Ricky Rax out of Pittsburgh, Raquel I think would be a nice time.
Buddy, he's been on fire. Since they're doing a fire sale, Ricky Rax out of Pittsburgh, Raquel, I think would be a nice time to think it done.
Buddy, he's been on fire.
He's been on fire, yeah.
But if they can retain something, I'm fine with paying a decent price for him.
So they need a top six sniper winger and a third line center and that'll remedy a lot
of the problems.
So you wouldn't do Simon Nemec one for one for JT Miller?
Not a chance in hell.
Not a chance in hell.
See, that's where you lose.
That's the stupidest thing.
That's crazy to me. That's where you lose. I wouldn't trade a 20-year that's where you lose me. That's the stupidest thing. That's crazy to me.
I wouldn't trade a 20-year-old guy you're going to have for the next 15 years for a 32-year-old.
You just told me you need a third line center.
No, you're going to have him for 12 years because he's going to be in a minors for three.
No, I'd trade Casey.
I'd trade Casey for a lot less.
Nemitz's value is way higher.
I wouldn't trade Nemitz, who's a 20-year-old guy who's going to be on your blue line for
another 15 years for a 32-year-old cancer in JT Miller whose body's breaking down on a terrible contract. No chance who would ever do that trade 20 year old stuff
How is it a terrible contract dude?
Because he is what five more years at eight point seven five more years after this year doesn't get eight plays already declining
He plays a physical style everyone's play drop
But he's also gonna have to be that relied be relied a lot less upon playing in New Jersey.
If he's playing a second to third line center role.
You're crazy if you trade a second overall 20 year old D-man for a guy who's over the
hill who's a cancer.
You just told me the time is now and this guy's going to be playing the minors with
the gargoyles the next two fucking seasons.
And you picked this Siliyev, 10th overall, these six-six.
Yeah, but I was sitting beside you.
I didn't like that pick.
Yeah, no, and I told you, buddy, that I was told this kid skates like the wind.
He's a monster.
Yeah, I mean, if you're going to trade one of those guys, you're saying for sure, Silyev?
Just because you haven't seen him?
Because Nemec played basically a full season as a 19-year-old.
I'm not saying for sure, but Nemec looked good last year.
I'm telling you, he got hurt this year at late summer and whatever the Olympic tournament was,
and he had a really shit start to the year.
I think the injury was a factor,
but last year he played most of the year
and he looked like a fucking five-year vet.
I was very impressed.
What's he doing in the minors?
He's 18 points, 25 games.
That's a testament to the depth of the organization.
You got Jonathan Kovacevitz coming in,
who has been the second best defensive defenseman
in the league this year.
That's a good problem to have.
If Nemitz is in the A, that's a testament to a deep decor.
Good problem to have.
Man, so you hear-
I hope they meet the Rangers in the first round.
So you hear-
Rangers ain't making the playoffs, buddy.
You just have this thing against JT Miller,
because my sense was that when the rumor came out
that the Devils were making calls on JT Miller,
Devils fans were loving the fact that they could bring in
this dynamic, mean, physical centerman to help out the Devils fans were loving the fact that they could bring in this dynamic, mean, physical
center man to help out the Devils.
And also another guy I will say, and we just talked about Buffalo's crazy to trade him,
Cousins would be a nice fit in New Jersey.
But what would his long-term role be?
Would you trade Simone Nemec for Dylan Cousins?
But here's my question.
Is Cousins going to be a career third line center behind Hughes and Heescher? Is that really the best use of that resource for Dylan Cousins. But here's my question. Is Cousins gonna be a career third line center
behind Hughes and Heesher?
Is that really the best use of that resource
for Dylan Cousins?
Maybe he'd be an unreal winger.
Yeah, maybe, maybe.
But I feel like Nemitz would have more value
as sort of your number one or number two D-man
after Luke Hughes for the next 10 years
than having overpaying for Cousins to be your 3C.
That seems like overkill to me, I don't know.
Well, and you're once again talking about a team full of D.
And G says here, sources tell Mike Grinnell,
and this man has proven that he has sources,
that Tommy Fitzgerald loves JT Miller.
So Pasha, if Chris Drury loves him, Stanley Cup winner,
and Tommy Fitzgerald loves him,
GM and the NHL who played like 1300 career games, but you're the one guy who's like no, no, I would never want JT Miller.
I'm the one guy. The whole league knows he's a problem. Why do you think his trade value is so low?
Why do you think his trade value is so low? The whole league knows he's a cancer.
This is crazy. We just told you two GMs
that we'll do anything to have him.
That's a big word, Yans, that's a big,
I'm gonna put my mic down and take a walk.
How are you saying cancer?
Yans played with him!
I don't understand how you're saying a cancer.
I had the privilege of playing with him.
I know he's not a cancer.
He might be having an off year.
Last year he had 100 and something fucking points, bro.
Yeah, but okay, Yans, this whole conversation conversation I've never once brought up his offense. The offensive
points are there. I've been talking about defense and his character issues of
cancer, what he's been doing to Pederson, the rift that's caused for the team.
Like this has been this is public knowledge. What are you the fucking towel
boy? How do you know that there's something going on? I don't know
anything. What do you mean? That's the whole news of the league the last fucking 12 months with you and the Vancouver media
saying housewives of the Arbutus club over here. That's the worst guy who's on tilt who
was talking about the New Jersey Devils going to the Stanley Cup final. They've won two
of 11 games. One of them was against the Kraken who might be playing against the gargoyles
next year and the other one was against Tampa and overtime. So this is a guy who can't see
clearly.
That's it. You're done. Final last words.
I love Tommy Fitz, but Pasha makes me want to hate the Devils so much.
Final last words.
Final last words.
Final last words is this in terms of Miller. In vacuum can JT Miller help the Devils win a playoff series?
Yes, but in terms of what it would cost to get him the contract being on the books for five more years and bringing the cancer
Into the room. I am out but the player himself in a vacuum in a series. Yes
He could help him win a series, but I'll pass you're saying what it's gonna cost to take them or to get him
But you just said his trade said his trade value's so low,
so it's not gonna take a lot.
Yeah, but I'd rather use those assets on a piece
that's gonna be with the team long term,
that's not gonna be, you know, okay?
Hey, this is a man who is swimming upstream right now, boys.
How am I swimming upstream?
This guy wouldn't have, you just said he has no trade value.
He wouldn't have traded Holtz for JT Miller,
this fucking idiot.
Hey, would you trade Frank the Tank for JT Miller?
Get this guy off the screen.
Let's hope Fitzie's not listening to him.
Are you devils?
The fact that I have to see his,
like those curtains that he had behind him too,
what is that?
That's where he rubs his Vancouver Canuck Rub-N-Tug
for the rest of the boys other than JT.
Oh, he does that there.
And by the looks of it, Washington has kind of wrapped up,
like possibly wrapped up the Metro.
And right now, like, New Jersey stands in front of Carolina,
but I think Carolina has three or four games in hands.
I think New Jersey's going to be starting on the road
in the first round against Carolina.
And two years ago, we saw how that went
for the Devils against the Carolina Horses. I think that would be an unbelievable first round against Carolina and two years ago we saw how that went for the Devils against the Carolina. I think that would be an unbelievable first
round. I've heard rumblings of JT Miller to Carolina. I hope they play them first
round. JT Miller has 15 goals first. I would do anything. Oh,
I would go to biz and Bonnie Blue's wedding. If Carolina with JT Miller
do the first speech and he
has ten points in six games. It's a honey. Where are you? She getting
drawn by my groomsman. Oh,
capital.
I couldn't see the signs guys. Logan Thompson has started 25 games this year
for the Washington capitals. So that's, how many possible points is that?
50 points, 50 possible points.
They have 44 of a possible 50 points.
That's good.
In games Logan Thompson has started this year.
So just incredible to see what has happened in DC.
It's basically all Bruins fans like G can think about
is can we do what the Capitals have done
and just retool this quick?
No, you can't, Boston. Sorry to break the news to you do what what the Capitals have done and just retool this quick? No you can't Boston sorry to break the news to you but the Washington
Capitals one of the stories of the season and Ovi surpassed Yarmir Yager
for the most goaltenders scored on ever in NHL history he's now scored a goal on
a hundred and seventy nine different goalies after scoring against Levi Murillinen, sorry, don't even know who that is.
It looked like a CVS receipt, all the guys that he scored on.
It was like, imagine having 179 career goals.
This dude has beaten 179 goalies.
Gee, look up quick, what goalie has he scored the most on?
Oh, let's guess.
Let's do it.
Let's guess, let's guess.
Each of us get a couple guesses. I'm gonna say, I'm gonna put whoever. I would say the goalie that he scored the most on? Oh, let's guess. Oh no, let's guess. Let's guess.
Each of us get a couple guesses.
I'm going to say the goalie that he scored the most on.
Flower might be up there.
I was going to say Lundquist.
I would say Lundquist.
That's a great answer.
I'm going to say Flower.
I'm going to say Flower.
You got to take someone different with.
Okay, fine.
I would say let's go back to that division.
Who's on the Flyers for a while? They haven't had a one goal.
No, they haven't had a one.
Yeah. Tuka, Timmy.
Tuka could be right there.
I mean, it's a long time rival, former teammate of, of yours wit and yours.
I said flower.
It is. It is Marc Andre Flurry, but number two, number two is crazy too.
Henrik Lundqvist
That's what he said. Yeah
Yeah, well good. Who is three to ka? I just have one and two
Shit
79 different goalies
You gotta go that a lot of those guys like they're looking back at their career and they're like, oh we oh we sniped one on me
It's kind of like cool in a way.
Yeah, I don't think you want to be number one on the list,
although number one and number two are in the Hall of Fame. You got to imagine when he's one away from breaking the record,
that next goal he's going to want to be the one that he scores on.
I know, but wouldn't you be want to be the one biz when he's got the Gretzky
record tied and you rob him with your glove to not get beat by it going up at Wayne
I got you Wayne
Then he tucks one next period on you. Oh shit. Yeah, I don't think you want
It's like baseball in baseball. You don't want to be the guy to you know, you want to be the guy to break up a no-hitter
Nobody's gonna remember the fucking glove save before he broke it
You're gonna be a trivia question
because you got scored on.
You wanna go down in the history books?
Or do you wanna flash the leather?
I wanna flash the leather, baby.
I'm gonna flash the leather, man.
I wanna flash the leather.
Late in the third.
I'd rather eat Bonnie Boo's box.
And with that, we are adding Columbus
to the Viagra Triangle.
Oh, you think we're not?
They're trolling us.
Last week, you guys asked who we'd like to get in, and I said Pittsburgh and New York.
It's Montreal and Columbus.
But they're trolling us.
The Viagra Triangle, that didn't even include them.
Did you see their stadium series jerseys?
It's literally two balls and a cock disguised as a cannon.
They are the Viagra Triangle. They've been trying to tell us the whole time.
Did you like Detroit's helmet? Did you like the white stripe through the middle of Detroit's
helmet on their tree?
I don't give a fuck about the Detroit Red Wings because the Columbus Blue Jackets are
the Viagra Triangle. They're fucking hard as a rock,
ready to shoot loads out through that cannon.
And I'm backing them.
That's gonna be my fourth team.
The Columbus Blue Jackets, I'm on the Viagra Triangle wagon.
Welcome to the squad, Biz.
I just think that the story of Columbus,
and they were written off as just gonna be nothing
this year.
And they got Wawrinski, I know Biz you said should be up for MVP if they get in the playoffs.
I love that call.
He's on pace for 28 goals or maybe close to 30 now.
Fantili's buzzing, Fantili's buzzing.
They got the Russian monsters, Voronkov, they got the Marchenko.
I think they said that they were actually calling him Fantylykov.
So I think that Columbus and those fans...
Andrei Fantylykov.
Get those guys in the playoffs.
Get them in.
Get them in.
Oh, G has two guys are tied at number three as most goals OV scored on.
And I don't think the fact we didn't get one of them
is crazy.
Like a long time goalie in the Eastern Conference.
Great goalie, long time.
Bobrovsky?
Nope, good guess.
Good guess, really good guess.
An absolute stallion of a person.
The guy's gonna be in the Hall of Fame.
Shane Doane's cousin.
Carey Price.
Wow.
How do we not forget?
And he's tied with, I don't know how this guy's tied,
but Carey Lehtinen.
Oh.
Right?
Oh Atlanta.
Atlanta.
Was he in Atlanta?
Yes he was.
He was in Philly, wasn't he?
He was in Atlanta and then Dallas,
but Atlanta's probably where Ovi lit him up
a couple of those big early years
when the Thrasher still had a team.
Wow.
Thursday, guys, on our spittin' check,
let's 373,000 followers.
Road Warriors with Paul Bissonnette, Scott Gomez,
and Mike Motto in Surrey, British Columbia,
coaching in the BCHL.
I'm very excited to watch this, Biz.
Very excited.
Oh, I had a blast of a day and they run a tight ship there.
And you're going to see some funny stuff, but ultimately Gomez was a little bit bored
and I'm so happy he picked up coaching because he's a great coach and those boys he's got
there follow every word that he says and it's great to see.
So excited to see everybody, excited to see everybody, or excited to hear everybody's feedback
from enjoying the piece,
and that'll be on our Spit and Chicklets YouTube channel,
dropping Thursday at what time?
Noon. Noon.
12 Eastern, nine a.m. in British Columbia,
where I'm sure the boys from Surrey will be watching.
Remembering the day that Paul Bissonnette came in
and was supposed to talk to the team about winning battles
and getting loose pucks and scoring on the power play,
but instead brought up Bonnie Ballou.
Braced to 1,000 kills in one day.
What an opportunity for those kids to get to play
for Mike Motto, NHL guy, awesome guy, knows the game so well.
And Scott Gomez, you're 17, 18 years old.
Is there a better duo that you could go and play for
to better your career?
It's amazing.
And Gomez has the memory like Gretzky,
like he remembers everything.
I don't know if you were on the podcast at the time, Yans,
but every time he walks in the room,
they have to stand up and salute him.
Like it's the army.
It's the body, I thought they were fucking around with me.
So you'll see that in the video.
And also just to allude to your point about like,
how much
like hockey smarts you're getting from him being your coach.
Like he emphasizes a lot of the teaching that Adam Oates does
where he breaks down the video and explains to them
where to expose ice in the offensive zone,
where to make plays, where to avoid like,
hey, don't bring it to your backhand here.
You're losing that split second and that lane closes off.
So the little details in which he's teaching
on the offensive side, and Mike Motto,
a guy who won a Stanley Cup with the New Jersey Devils,
who was a notorious shut down defensive defense.
I don't think he did.
He never won a Stanley Cup there?
No.
Oh fuck, I thought he won a cup.
He won a Hobie Baker though in college.
Hobie Baker winner.
Okay, well I guess I'll shut the fuck up then.
I thought he won a stay on the cup.
Did he go on a run with them?
Was he on that team that went?
I think they went to the finals actually.
The year, what, 01?
I don't think he was there in 01.
What was he?
No.
Maybe I'm making all the ablans.
No, he never went to the finals of the Devils.
Maybe we can take that out or maybe we can keep it.
Keep going.
Great guy though, all time guy.
Awesome, awesome guy.
To finish off, I wanna give a big congratulations
to my brother Colin and his wife Claire.
They had a baby girl, Rosemary Ellen Whitney,
so Ryder Wyatt Cal and my brother Sean's son Liam, they have a new cousin, Rosemary, and my mom,
the wonderful Sue Whitney, has a granddaughter.
She had three boys of her own.
I had three boys, my brother Sean had a boy,
and now there is a baby Whitney girl.
So congratulations to Colin and Claire.
They live in Nashville.
They're very excited.
Super pumped for them.
And with that, boys, great show, great show.
I don't know how much I'll see you boys in a few days.
Yes.
Do I have anything else here?
Oh, crazy thing.
I don't know if this guy's messing with me.
He said, if you want to know what's going on in youth hockey in Toronto, there are parents putting earpieces in their child
so that they can talk to them during the games.
And I'm like what?
The parent should be suspended for life.
He sent a picture of a kid with something on his helmet
that looks like, and now I don't know
if I'm completely getting fooled,
but if your kid's playing and you're talking
and you're putting.
I was actually to do it with all the big deal selects.
We're going to put just just the bark orders at them.
But I guess to not win again instead of just winning.
Shunning it. We're not going to do that then, I guess.
If you're putting in an earpiece in your child to talk to them
during a youth hockey game, you need to be admitted into a mental
mental institution.
Right this minute. Don't do things like that.
That is insane and your child is absolutely headed towards a disaster of a life
if he has an earpiece in his ear at eight years old skating around in a might hockey game.
So we'll end that. That's I guess Game Notes can bring that up again
because I'm sure Murls has dealt with the madness before,
as he coached you talking for a little bit.
But I love you guys.
I love you listeners.
Thank you so much.
Have a wonderful week.
Love you guys.
Have a great week. Even if I could go away I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to wear I don't know any other way Even if I could go away
I don't know where the other way
Is feeling so hard to go
I'll get you someday
