Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli,
Spitton, Chick Lens!
What is up, folks? Holy shit, what a week.
Oh my God, sometimes the hockey gods just drop content on your lap,
and they did this week, and we're here in Fort
Lauderdale at La Casa de Casa de Yandle. Beautiful, beautiful spot. We've been here before. We've crushed
on three or four great interviews so far, but now it's time for episode 42 brought to you by
Pink Whitney. We're ready to rip it because we got the Solar Bears game, the Orlando Solar Bears.
Tuesday night, it's Pink Whitney night. They got the Pink Whitney jerseys. They got the Solar Bears game, the Orlando Solar Bears. Tuesday night, it's
Pink Whitney night. They got the Pink Whitney jerseys. They got the Pink Whitney socks.
They're one and one in their prior two Pink Whitney games. We got to get that record back above 500.
We're going to be there meeting fans before 630, I believe, at the arena. We'll be around the
rink all game long and let's go Solar Bears Pink Whitney night. Go buy your bottle. Go buy your
little nip. Go down to the bar, order a Pink Whitney.
We love you all, thanks for the support.
And guys, what the hell is going on with you two?
How you guys doing?
One guy isn't doing so good.
He's saying it's not me.
It's the friggin' L5S1.
No, she's barking, boys.
Buddy.
S1 in it. Dude she's barking, boys. Buddy. Five, S, one in it.
Dude.
I'm in pain.
So we're just chatting here prior, guys.
It biz like this is actually,
he's moving around like a 79-year-old man
who's had 45 different surgeries on his knees
and his hips and his back.
And I feel horrible.
As Keith said, back pain's the worst,
but I think you're working out
close to like 12 to 15 times a week at this point.
I think, you said you were doing double sessions.
No I did a double yesterday beside the main street
in Fort Lauderdale in which G reported and then,
what do you mean?
Oh I almost retweeted,
HARD OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH retweeted hard off on the sidewalk and he sent out a tweet that he
was like I'm gonna be working out if anyone wants to come watch me but we
interviewed that is not fucking true hey so it was kind of an overcast day and
all of a sudden the Sun opened up and there was a couple closed stores so
there was a strip where there was gonna be no cars and I was getting direct
sunlight so I'm like well I only got 45 minutes here before we get going with there was a couple closed stores. So there was a strip where there was gonna be no cars and I was getting direct sunlight.
So I'm like, well, I only got 45 minutes here
before we get going with all these interviews
that we ended up banking.
So I figured, oh, why not just use that trip?
I didn't know where else to go.
I don't know my surroundings.
The gym that we liked?
The gym.
Well, I was in the gym, yeah,
but I wanna get some sun when I'm down here.
I wanna get that vitamin D.
The beach was right behind where you were standing too.
So I asked if there was a boardwalk or like a walk thing and somebody said that there wasn't and I saw I was just like
Okay, I might as well just stay here. So I guess yeah, okay
I'm being a hard old but I just care about getting my workout in and and here I am lying down because my L5S1
is gone again. And and what did you say when I just asked you, do you think that like how much you work out?
Because for somebody who works out the way you do,
looks the way you do, doesn't drink,
only eats healthy, always gets asleep,
like you're injured a lot.
Yeah, I'm a bandaid.
And what do you think that that is like,
what is it because of?
I mean, there's probably a lot of physio people
or doctors listening that'll have, it'll be
DMing me about what it could be.
I think maybe because I had the one knee surgically repaired and I think that one of them is a
little bit longer than the other.
Not sure which one exactly, you know, when you go into the physical.
I have that as well.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think that just maybe throws off my back and hips a little bit.
And then of course, tightness.
I'm just a tense, stressed out guy a lot.
I can't explain why I have so much stress in my life.
I actually listened to a podcast,
forget the lady's name recently,
on just how to naturally not be so stressed out all the time.
But she said that 85 to 90 of adults now
just have an immense amount of stress in their life.
So I think maybe try to incorporate more yoga,
more mobility stuff as opposed to lifting.
Yeah, movement.
Yeah, movement.
You know, you want to look like you got the muscles
but I think for now it's just more about efficiency.
The one, I know we're going long wind on this,
the reason it really sucks though
is what we got going the next two days
and I hope for you know
I hope maybe with some muscle relaxers and some other meds
Maybe a little bit of little dope in there, too
It could be time to hop on the booze train because that'll loosen you right up
I'm not saying that like you you need to do that
But a couple stiffies could end up making you feel a little looser
Yeah
And and and the reason why it sucks is because we're gonna be going against the Bob Does guys in some golf matches here.
One of it's gonna be for our YouTube channel,
and then one of the matches on Tuesday will be for theirs.
So hopefully I'm off the IR, and worst case Ontario,
I'll just chip and putt.
And just talk relentless amounts of shit, too.
Like you could be that guy in their face,
just waddling over to them
They can't they can't handle it me and biz played Joey the other day and they can't handle Joey Cole cuts
Oh my he had a tough round. He brought a buddy who was a five handicap who hadn't even tougher round
I golfed the Grove. He had five different handicaps. Yeah. Yeah, exactly
We golfed the Grove I did for the first time. What'd you think?
I think that MJ legit designed that course for me.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah, he texted me.
You didn't see it in the memo?
Oh, it's for Biz.
Yeah, there's even masseuses there, I believe,
for when you hurt your L5S1.
Oh, shit.
And Keith texted me, I think when you guys were on eight
or nine, he's like, dude, Biz is like four over par right now.
He's putting from 30 yards short of the green to two feet.
Yeah, I was hitting decent drives.
My second shot would always be short, but you could Texas wedge everything
from about 20, 30 yards out. You're a link style golf.
I'm a link style golfer.
So I would expect that MJ is going to slide over a free membership at some point,
given my performance.
And on top of that, we bumped into my boy, Oroarie McElroy.
I actually met him at the match when we did it at the,
was it the park?
Is that the name of the place?
And he actually recognized me, so I felt like a badass.
Oh yeah.
He's like, what up, biz?
Yeah, he's like, he goes, listen,
I know they're my countrymen, but fuck the Irish travelers.
He stood up for me.
Yeah, he did.
Actually.
And you know what else Witt would love to hear too.
He said last year the playoffs,
he got super into hockey, loving it,
watching all the games.
And guess who his team is, Witty?
Say the Oilers.
The Oilers.
The Oilers guy.
Loves McJesus.
The Oilers.
Loves him.
Look at Witty's face.
I wish you guys could see it listening.
God, I want him to get the Masters.
Now he needs to get the,
because if he gets the Masters,
you know that means the Orders are winning the Stanley Cup.
Well, the best part about it too is the fact that you,
that morning, sent the tweet that Bob does,
ended up sending out at the fact that he bumped in
to Rory McIlroy out of gas station.
Yeah, I know, that's crazy.
And he, I mean, it was so funny the way that he like
realized how much he fucked up.
I think he said thanks.
We've all been there before.
Oh, of course, but like, he's like,
thanks for all you do for YouTube.
And then Bob's describing, he's like,
what the fuck am I talking about?
Is that why there's a big argument going on online
right now about YouTube golfers and the pros right now?
Did that spark it?
I think it's mainly about how boring the PGA tour is to watch right now and the pace of play.
We talked about it last week. I asked this. I said, who's the new John Daly? And like,
nobody had an answer. There's no guy who's a beauty who like maybe from time to time
rips a few Villalinos and shows up a little bit late after going and playing guilty. Why you laughing?
I think these guys- I think it's like every sport. we say it in hockey all the time too. The games.
Yeah. Oh yeah. There's not a few guys still left in the league that are like John Daly. Oh yeah.
Right. Yeah. But the fact you're on a team so you can rely on your teammates golfers are just like
in their own world, just trying to figure out how to hit a fade and a draw and make a seven footer
and not puke all over themselves when they're in contention.
So I know we're kind of going all over the place.
Can you explain to people who maybe haven't seen the,
the Bob does clip about how he describes bumping in a Rory?
He basically said that he's the best part about this guy is his voice.
Yeah. He's a funny bastard delivery. He, he's always like catching his dad, dude.
He caught his dad stealing chicken fingers from the Whole Foods buffet.
He videos his dad playing the Jupiter Jackals
men's softball over 60 league.
The way he's saying things is the funniest part.
And I guess he's like, hey Rory,
I don't remember the clip off the top of my head,
but it was like, hey Rory,
and then he's like, you heard of Bob Doz?
Or something like that.
That might make him sound like a douchebag.
But he said, great job in the video with Grant.
Grant Horvats, another YouTube guy.
He's like, I do Bob Does sports, and he was like,
have you heard of us?
And he's like, no.
I would have rolled up my window and drove
with the gas tanks.
No, yeah, I would have poured the gas all over myself.
I'm like, do you have a lighter?
Hey, don't make me laugh. Ow, ow, ow, I would have poured the gas all over myself and they give a lighter Hey don't make me laugh
Five and then like on the way out. I think he meant to say thanks for all you do for golf
He's like, thanks you do for YouTube
I think he said Roy what well the way things are going he better transfer over to YouTube the way you guys are talking
About the PGA and how it's not gonna be a thing thing if these. No, it's gonna be a thing.
I think that Donald's gonna get them back together
with Liv at some point, I don't know.
But we have way bigger news, guys.
We have way bigger news in the world of hockey.
I know it's-
What, the fact that I went and visited
Scottie Gomez with the Surry Eagles?
Great video.
Oh, thank you.
That was awesome.
Did you have fun watching that?
That was a great video to watch.
I really enjoyed it.
Where'd you watch it?
I watched it on YouTube,
where I believe we have 375,000 followers.
74, we're getting close.
Oh, I'm gonna round up here.
I'm gonna round up a little bit.
But that was awesome.
And just to see how into it him and Motts are,
and how much they care about helping these kids,
getting them ready to play at the next level,
getting them.
It was awesome.
It's awesome to see those guys.
And I mean, neither one of those guys have to do that, right?
They wanted to get in coaching.
They're starting, starting in a lower league, like not, not to say it's a low
league, but it's a long way from the NHL.
And I don't know if they both dream of doing that, but just to give back to the
game that way and do that, it was a cool thing for you to go out and do.
I loved it.
It was a great experience.
These kids are getting so much knowledge from Gomer and Motts and the rest of this coaching
staff. He was breaking down video much like Adam Oates does, right? Because he's good close buddies
with him. So same type of formula. So if you guys want to check that out, it's the third rendition
of Road Warriors where the first one I went and hung out with Sean Avery for an afternoon. That
was very interesting, obviously. Then we had the Newfoundland extravaganza. That was the first one I went and hung out with Sean Avery for an afternoon. That was very interesting obviously. Then we had the Newfoundland extravaganza. That
was the second one when I went and saw TR and then of course this is the third
one with the Surrey Eagles. So check it out Spit and Chicklet's YouTube channel
Road Warriors. Boys I know we're gonna get to Rottenen and you guys are itching
to get there. I got another bone to pick. Very un-American move by that ice cream
shop that we went to last time we were in Florida. No it's a smart move. I got another bone to pick. Very un-American move by that ice cream shop
that we went to last time we were in Florida.
No, it's a smart move.
It's a great move.
They're gonna save with people like you millions a year.
Yeah.
In ice cream.
And the fact that somebody sent me this tweet
for what Biz is talking about,
we sat on this couch and we had to bring up.
I got shamed.
I got sample shamed.
It was an intervention.
It was like the show on AE.
Like, you come in thinking we're going to have some ice cream,
and then you're like, hey, Biz, why don't you take a seat?
I'm the body blue of samples.
It was just a thousand and one day.
Just a cum dumpster of samples.
Just grabbing the bottom of the barrel, the last scoop,
taking a sample for yourself.
But somebody sent me a tweet.
Oh no, it wasn't somebody, it was Martin Brodeur's son.
No, Marty Brodeur, does that mean we're getting him
on the pod?
I don't think so.
But he wrote me a DM on Instagram,
and he's like, dude, look.
I was like, what?
He's like, this is Sloan's in Delray,
where Biz ate them out of house and home that time,
trying 50 different samples. Sure as shit, they got a new sign. like this is Sloan's in Delray where Biz ate them out of house and home that time trying
50 different samples. Sure as shit they got a new sign, two samples per customer. And
I actually have under like good word that they tried to do one and then like one of
the owners is like, no, let's go to two. I like Biz after the travelers beat them up,
like we'll do two. But they were going to go just one sample. And then there were some
people on the staff
that wanted to go no samples.
One of them was there the night you were there
and was so disgusted they almost quit their jobs
saying I don't want to ever run
into somebody like that again.
So they've put their foot down and realized
I'm done dealing with Paul L5S1 Annettes.
All right, well I've lost the battle but not the war.
There were some people on your side.
Since we did bring up Bonnie Blue before we get to Rottenham, I guess her and this other
speed bag are battling online.
Lily Phillips.
Lily Phillips, this other speed bag who went a hundred dudes.
Why are we talking?
I don't know.
It's, Biz actually like can't stop talking about it.
I was like, Hey, what are you getting?
What fish, what are you getting last night at dinner?
He's like, but how about Bonnie and Lily?
I'm like, dude, the waiter's right there.
He's like, what do you think?
Would you hop in late?
The guy's like, what is this guy talking about?
All right, we're done with the Bonnie and Blue.
We'll put her in the rafters.
Two pieces of trash.
I will remember you.
Na na na na na. Gah gah gah gah gah gah. I will remember you.
Mascara dripping.
I think the muscle relaxers hit.
Oh man.
Oh man.
We got to get to this fucking trade though, boys.
This, oh, I thought the big one was coming.
I'm not going to lie.
I know we're going to talk about Ron and the nation.
I thought if he says, when I heard a three-way say this Sid deal again
Wait, I tweeted out. I always thought you were in on the joke
But I actually truly believe you think Sid's gonna get trade. I do
He's not I think that
OTP just like there's only two samples at Salon's, it's a hard rule, he's not getting traded.
You can't keep bringing it up,
it's never gonna play for another team.
I think that this was a move to make a bigger move.
I'm gonna stick with that.
Audrey.
But I will say, I got, I started shaking
because I read originally that it was a three-way move,
and when Rotnin was on the move,
it's like, well, what would Rotnin fetch?
And then that's why my mind went to Sid.
So for all the people in Pittsburgh
that I riled up again, my apologies,
but at a certain point, Wayne Gretzky was traded,
Sidney Crosby will have to move on
to play with his buddy, Nathan McKenna.
So I said, I had tweeted out right away,
announce Crosby to the Avs, capital letters,
exclamation points, that's why I just said it like that.
And then I saw you keep going, and I was like,
all right, once I started these tweets,
I started seeing tweets like,
the Chicklets guys are talking about it.
I was like, okay, I think people aren't realizing
we're joking, and then I was like,
oh, they don't realize we're joking
because Biz is relentlessly discussing
Crosby to the Avs, for years now, and you thought it was the moment.
I think that sports is allowed to be somewhat fantasy
for some people, like I treat it as fantasy,
and that is one of my fantasies.
It's Crosby, yeah.
Not like a Bonnie Blue type fantasy,
I'm talking about like, you know,
when you read a fiction novel, like that type of thing.
Like to me, that is something that would excite me.
So I enjoy talking about it.
I can believe in it.
I'm allowed to talk about it.
I don't mind that you send me hate online
if I do talk about it.
And the wheel just keeps turning.
So let's now break down the actual trade
that did involve Sidney Crosby,
but a top five player in the league,
probably over the last five years, the
tweet came out from I think it was Sportsnet stats where it's over the last
five years I believe McDavid, Dreisaitl, Nathan McKinnon and Rottenen and points.
Like these have been the two best dynamic duos who have carried the
NHL over the past half of a decade and I was jaw-dropped at the fact that they didn't try to work something out.
They didn't consult Nathan McKinnon.
Bednar was shocked. Every single player in the Colorado Avalanche locker room was shocked. We talked about it last podcast.
They have to consult Nathan McKinnon because the big thing here is, well, you can't make more than what is now,
I believe, the best player in the world. Some people will say McDavid, I
believe over the last 18 months the dog has taken that title. Oh the consmite that
that does have anything to do with the last 18 months? Okay that is fair but I
think that most people from a full body of work would say that at least their
neck and neck at least. Let's say neck and neck.
And the fact that they didn't consult him
is mind boggling to me,
because I don't think that Nathan McKinnon
would have had an issue with his winger
making a little bit more than him.
Yeah.
Yeah, I wonder that too.
Who knows if we'll ever get the answer,
but just to set up the full trade,
the Avs sent Miko Rontan into the Carolina Hurricanes in a blockbuster three-way deal
They're receiving forwards Martin Natchez and Jack Drury plus a
2025 second round pick and a 2026 fourth rounder from the Hurricanes
Carolina is also getting Taylor Hall and the rights to prospect Neal's
Jern tarp a
2022 six round pick from Chicago in the deal,
and the Blackhawks, the big winners in this.
Oh yeah.
They're retaining 50 of Ross and Rontan's
9.25 million cap it and getting a 2025 third round.
I got my hand up right now.
Do you guys mind if I ask a question?
No, go ahead, Biz.
Could Taylor Hall just not have fetched a third round pick?
That's what everyone was kind of saying.
That's why like what maybe Chicago's
like has something else in mind,
but I saw that and I was like,
I think he could have got like a second on his own.
So I am just very bizarre.
I'm just like perplexed as to what Chicago's place
in this trade was, obviously retaining half that salary,
but craziness to me.
Do you want to go back to Rottenen and the fact?
Yeah, I want to.
How does that, like, how do you call a team,
be like, hey, do you mind paying half this guy's salary?
He's not going to play for your team,
but do you mind paying half his salary?
That's what the capologists do.
How do they figure that?
Like, I do not understand how that stuff gets.
No idea.
You'd be thinking, well, what are we getting?
Or are you getting a third rounder?
You're getting rid of Taylor Hall.
You're getting a third rounder.
I just wanna, you know, I don't mean to make this
all about the Oilers, but without Leon Dreisaitl,
this doesn't happen.
This doesn't happen.
Because Leon signed that ticket, and we're set.
McDavid will sign a bigger ticket,
but we don't have a Kale McCar that we need to sign
so we can make it work.
And without Leon signing this deal,
Miko Ranthana's possibly, maybe probably,
still a Colorado Avalanche,
but now he's out of the conference.
We don't have to worry about him.
He's out east, and now the Oilers just churning
and just working, all right, I'll move on from the Oilers.
But that contract was a big deal.
No, no, for sure it is.
But you brought it up this before we even started recording,
like dry side will play center.
Like like Rotten and probably with where the caps going thought he deserved around
that number. But if you're not playing center and you're and he's not being
carried by McKinnon, they both bring a lot to that line.
But you have to imagine those numbers are inflated
based on playing with them.
So I was shocked that they couldn't land somewhere
in that 12 million range, and I don't understand
why they didn't wait a little bit longer,
why they didn't consult Nate, and they just kind of moved on,
and maybe Ronan overplayed his hand,
because I definitely don't see Carolina
paying him what he thought he might have gotten from Colorado.
So now you got a situation where Carolina last year they trade for Gensel they don't
resign them and now they move on from a couple big pieces including nature's who has a very
team friendly deal for six and a half this year next year for a rental like I yes didn't
you say that they specifically
don't like signing guys long term to these big deals?
Well, that's the way it seems anyways too, right?
I think this one they're going for it.
I don't know, I could see it same as Gensil last year.
If not, not bringing them back,
like kind of see how it goes if they don't win,
maybe if they win, if Carolina goes out and wins,
maybe they sign them long term, but I have a feeling if they don't win at all,
I think he's going to, and I actually
think he might go back to the to the abs.
I was saying this.
How about your case?
How about your?
I mean, if you're going to have a guy,
let's say playoffs didn't go that positive for the Toronto
Maple Leafs, and maybe you get this similar type performance
out of Marner that you saw last year, you know we can get into the age-old
argument like he wasn't like a liability per se but he definitely wasn't regular
season Mitch and you know so if they were to move on for Mitch Marner and
not resign him I would definitely go after Rotten and I would overpay him to
do so because then you have a big body like Nice who is gonna
be a stud player I'm assuming Tavares is gonna come back on a team-friendly deal
so he's off the books he's a big player you have Nylander he's a big fast
dynamic player Matthew's big fast dynamic player and then all of a sudden you have
Rottenen like that is built like a true playoff team and nothing against Marner
and maybe he will end up signing
but I would imagine at the pace
that he's playing this year,
he's gonna be asking for the same money
that Matthew's made.
Well, that could fetch you Rottenen
and if things don't go as positive, like I said,
that should be somebody that they try and land.
You said you would, no matter what,
rather them sign Rottenen then Marner last night.
Yeah, I think that things still have to play out
to see what happens this year in playoffs.
It seems like Mitch Marner is on a mission.
The good news is that they are gonna get the luxury
of getting to see that play out.
But like I said, if it's a less than stellar performance,
I would not hand over that money.
And especially based on things that have kind of circulated
where there has been moves where they've tried to make
to get rid of Mitch Marner, to get more in return,
like free up cap space, maybe bring in two impactful players
at the number that he's making.
I would definitely entertain the thought
of trying to bring in Rand, and I would do everything I could to bring him in if things don't work out
with Mitch Marner.
Yeah, I think there's 32 teams
that would love to have him, right?
He's one of those guys, if he's a UFA this summer,
every single team's gonna want him.
Correct, but if the money is the big issue,
it narrows down the teams who are gonna be willing
to front load and really give him that extra money.
Or back load it like Frankie B.
Oh, or back load it.
My question is, because we've kind of skipped past it,
is Chris McFarlane, you said Bednard was kind of surprised.
I just saw the quotes after the Bruins game.
It was, what did you say, G, jarring almost.
They were like sad, they were like, it was like, if you're netchester, you're like, geez, and was kind of, what did you say G? Jarring almost. Like they were like sad, they were like,
it was like, if you're Netchester, you're like, geez,
and I get it, the guy won a Stanley Cup,
10 year Colorado Avalanche.
Like it is shocking, but it was like,
it was not like we expected this,
it was more or less like, what the fuck just happened?
I never thought in a million years he would leave,
so yeah, it sucks, was his quotes.
Yeah, and McKinnon said he called him
They talked for 20 minutes and it was just like he just really looked and I get it like you just lost your guy
I mean, this is a 50 goal hundred and five hundred and ten point player that you lose
My thing is for Avs fans
I'll totally buy like if there is any anger towards him
I get that because if he wanted to he was still a Colorado avalanche
He he chose that he wants like they Elliott reported that they went up to 11.75 a year
That's the highest paid winger in the game beating Panarin
You're not a center. You're not Leon Dreisaitl. They they're they're different like I don't think ronton is the same level player
I think that it's Matthews McKinnon
Connor dry saddle personally and ronton is right beneath them
But if you if you really wanted to be a member of the Avs
You're probably signing that deal and maybe you get them up to 12 and you mentioned the same deal as Nate
I get that, but Avs fans, you gotta realize
he chose not to sign there.
He chose, I want more.
He has the same agent as Leon.
So I'm sure he's being told you're gonna get 13.
And he chose, all right, I want that extra dough.
And I respect the hell out of him.
He's UFA.
I think Bednar McFarland said, he's a superstar,
but he's earned his right to be an unrestricted free agent.
But if you're looking at it,
if he really, really wanted to stay, he was staying.
And you could say the same for Leon,
he could have taken a little less,
but he was in a position where Edmonton
was gonna give him whatever he wanted.
It's just nuts to me.
Yeah, I guess, wait, I'm just shocked
because they've already won a Stanley Cup.
You can keep this going.
You have two generational players that you're playing with.
And like by the time it's all said and done,
what everyone ends up probably getting,
you're talking to probably about 10 million max,
maybe even less after taxes.
So to not want to-
No, maybe it could be like 15 to 16, but still.
Okay. Because if he gets 14 or 13, and they're off an 11 7 5 over 8 years
Yeah
But I but I truly believe that if he they he his camp would have said Matt match Nate
They probably would have went to Nate got the okay
Which I'm still shocked that they didn't go into him to begin with and they'd be paid the same and then like I said after
Taxes you're talking probably looking at between five and 10 max.
Like is that really worth risking the fact
that you might not end up in a situation
that you were just in?
But we've talked before, maybe it's that
he already has the cup.
Remember we said that, I don't remember
who we were talking about, like you got your cup,
like go get paid.
I agree with you.
I mean, I don't think you can put a price, especially that low of a difference on winning and being in a
comfortable situation where you know that your linemate is gonna come in the
best shape of his life every year over year and then going back to that stat
that I mentioned that you're gonna be the top five-point guys in the league.
Like when you have a hundred in fucking twenty million dollars in the bank
Is it really that different when you have a hundred and twenty five or a hundred and thirty?
I think it's crazy and I also think it's a risk and now he's not playing with somebody of Nate's caliber
So what ends up happening if he ends up not even getting what he expected to get in free agency?
Like who is prepared to give a winger of his status
13, 13 and a half million dollars.
Do you think anybody's actually prepared to do that?
13 I think is high, but I don't want to pay a winger that.
No.
Now, like this did come down to
they're going to have to pay McCarr
and McCarr should get 14 a year.
Correct.
Honestly, maybe he's got two more years after this one,
McCarr, he's up in 26, 27.
So like he actually might get more than that based on where the cabs going.
And he's that good that I'm like, no problem.
Give them that.
Um, so that's like part of it.
Another aspect, maybe this means Landis Cogs close to coming back.
Obviously there's, there's just so much unknown with that.
Like how will everything respond?
Will he be the player he once was?
But at least that might mean that.
But this quote right here from Nate is,
I was trying to go to bed a lot earlier
than I ended up Friday night.
You just kind of wound up, your adrenaline's going,
you're upset, you're shocked.
It's a lot of different emotions.
Like dad is like, oh my God.
Like yeah, they didn't go to him beforehand.
They didn't go to him beforehand, which
that's a GM's right.
Um, in Chris McFarland and I think Joe
Sackett's president there, right?
But yeah, it was, it shocked the hockey world.
And then first you heard it was, um,
Netschus and Cocton and Yemi, but then you
find out it's Jack Drury who's come a long
way, that kid keeps getting better year in
year out.
And McFarland said said, it was evident to me
we are not a deep enough team.
So you grab two forwards instead of one,
but now you wonder, like,
Ranton and McKinnon had this incredible chemistry
and it's pretty well known that Nate's a demanding player
and expects a lot out of people.
And I think him and Ranton, and I don't think,
I'm sure that over the years,
they had some battles on the bench and
maybe in practice, but they figured out a way to become champions together and figure it out. And now Net just goes in there like, he's faster than Rantunen, he's not as big and strong.
That's just a new thing that the Avs are going to have to figure out, is them two guys finding
chemistry if they do stay on the same line. So I don't know how this is going to play out.
I would think Carolina is nuts to make this deal without being don't know how this is going to play out. I would think Carolina's
nuts to make this deal without being like, we're at least going to throw the kitchen sink at them.
But you said that we thought that with Gensel last year. Did it come out? Did they even offer
Gensel? Was it even in the mix of him even signing? I think they offered him, but not what Tampa was
willing to pay. But gee, can you look that up quick?
Because I don't remember for sure.
Can we quickly go back though to the, if you're on that team,
are you shocked that they didn't at least consult Nate?
Why would you want that locker room, especially him,
perplexed and caught off guard and all of a sudden,
he's losing sleep over it?
And I'm sure he will be for the next couple weeks trying
to make sense of all this.
Yeah, I think like Whit said, McFarlane has that right
as the GM and as the president to not go to the players,
go to the coach, it's what he's there for.
But I just think the way the league is now,
you gotta consult your superstar, your guys,
even McCarr, go to him like,
guys, is this someone we want
to have around it obviously they want to have him around like okay but but devil's advocate
say he goes to Nate and Nate's like give him 13 and a half it's like all right like well no
what is my position here now no it would be more of a conversation where it would be. And not even money talk.
You wouldn't even talk.
But that's what it was, was money.
Yeah, I would probably ask him, we're
thinking the max we're going to go
is matching what you end up getting paid, which I'm sure
Nate would have had no problem with,
and just kind of running it by him.
I feel that there's probably a handful of players in the league
that have earned that right based on what they've accomplished and Nathan McKinnon is one of those guys if you pulled all the other GM's in the league and the front
Offices how many do you think would say?
Oh, yeah
I'd definitely be consulting that guy like would they consult Sid on a move like that if they're if they're ready to move on from
Evgeny Malkin, do you think Sid's getting called in the room? I would think so, but we were,
I thought the same with Nate and Rantaman.
So yeah.
I think you can't judge this and, you know,
to kind of have McFarlane's back a little bit is
till the end of the year.
Cause if they go out and win it this year,
then he's laughing at everyone.
He's like, but if they have a stinker
the next couple of months and, you know,
struggling playoffs and, you know struggle in playoffs and you know
They're missing that big body winger
My biggest thing for them is the power play like you guys all know how power play runs like when it's
Clicking like that and those guys they know where each other is especially in in playoffs
You need your power play to be good
So I think you can't really judge this till the season's over till the avalanche are either hoisting the cup or you know
this till the season's over till the avalanche are either hoisting the cup or
you know, golfing and cobble. So I would say what's even crazier about this whip before you go is that we actually interviewed natures and he's going to
be on this podcast and he was a member of the carolina hurricane. We're
talking about all his teammates and I hate them all. Yeah, yeah. And you know,
he was excelling this year, right? At one point he was leading the league and
scoring and maybe in years prior it felt like maybe Rob Bryndamore he didn't have his full trust maybe and didn't know
what his ceiling was and all of a sudden he was starting to show it and then they move
off of him were you guys surprised that they were so eager to move off of Natures like
what what do you make of all that especially at the fact that they seem to be a team that
likes these team friendly deals well he's making six and a half this year and next year
and all of a sudden they're taking that risk
that maybe Rantanen might not come back.
I think when a team calls you with a guy of,
you know, Rantanen's caliber,
you're probably willing to give up.
You know you gotta give up some.
I'd say besides Ajo is there anyone,
I bet it was like all right take your pick,
can't touch Ajo, anyone else.
Maybe Slaven just like D-Wise.
But like now the question that I'm interested
to see the answer to is Rontanen's production.
And an incredible player.
Like I think he's a truly like elite level talent.
But he's had the dog. And now you're going and Ajo's a truly like elite level talent, but he's had the dog.
And now you're going and Ajo's a phenomenal player.
He's not Nathan McKinnon,
but like do you see the same numbers?
Now Ronson in his first game,
granted he flies to Long Island to that dump.
We'll get into that storyline in a little bit,
but he didn't have a point,
but he had five shots on net.
I think he played close to 22 minutes
right around there, I believe.
And I just don't know if he's gonna be able
to produce points like he did.
And I guess him and Sebastian Aho
became good friends back in Finland
and then have played World Championships,
World Juniors, I believe.
And then now they're kind of reunited.
BXA on Hockey Night in Canada said it makes sense too
that they did it now based on like, all right, well, BXA on hockey night in Canada said it makes sense to that they did it now based
on like, all right, well, they get a little, they get a little chemistry to go.
And then they get to play together at four nations.
So it's like for our stretch run at the end of February, March and April,
they'll really have known each other, which Vancouver's always done.
And we'll get into them. They've made trades early to get more in sync
throughout the year, instead of just throwing them in with 18 games to go after the deadline or whatever it is.
But I don't picture him being a 105 point guy
without McKinnon.
Is that a knock on him or is that just how good Nate is?
I think it has a little bit to do with how both teams
play too and how demanding Rob Brindamore is.
So I think if he's an 85, 90 point guy and maybe,
and not to say he was never engaged offensively,
I just think that you have to play man on man.
There's things that you have to get accustomed to in Carolina.
So we'll see how all that works.
But I am just, yeah, I was just perplexed by this trade.
And go ahead, Jens.
You know what it's going to do, though, too,
for more fireworks for you? the East is gonna be,
I think all those teams that are in it
are gonna be trying to make some home run deals here.
You see Carolina go out, get that,
you're the Rangers, you're Florida,
you have to go out and kinda somewhere.
Toronto's looking to add.
Yeah, Toronto.
Nothing like of salary like that,
they would need, if they get a big salary guy,
there need to be a lot of retention.
Call Chicago.
I think coming into this season,
you specifically said it, I agreed with you,
is we thought that after the Gensel move
and the fact that he was moving on,
is that they'd regressed a little bit based on personnel.
Would you put this Carolina Hurricanes roster
now ahead of last year's? and do you believe that they're
a top three team in the East now?
Yeah, I do.
Like to me, I look at, I look at Carolina
and I look at Washington and this Washington season,
it's awesome to see.
But like, I think Carolina would beat them
in a seven game series.
I agree with you.
Like, and maybe I didn't before this deal. But like, I think Carolina would beat them in a seven game series. I agree with you.
And maybe I didn't before this deal.
The Netsch's things too, like we interviewed him
and I don't know if it was right at the time,
but it was definitely a point where he was
lighting it up, like crazy.
And then there was a pretty deep dive a little bit
in his numbers, like his production really changed
over the course of 20, 25 games, I believe.
Maybe if it had continued at the level it was, like they're not willing to move on,
but they saw like, oh, is this more who he is still an unreal player, but more an 80
point guy as opposed to like a possible a hundred point guy, like the first 25 games,
maybe that was something seeing him slow down a little bit.
But like he said, I agree.
Like once it's ranted and it's like, all right, game on.
Yeah. Carolina, their biggest issue, and's like, all right, game on.
Carolina, their biggest issue,
and especially the last few years,
they've always been the team you talk about,
no one wanna play them in the playoffs.
It's just goaltending for them.
I know.
It's, you know, Freddy Anderson's only played
six games this year, you know, so it's one of those things.
If you get the goaltending when you can
and you're adding a guy like Ranton,
you could be an issue in the playoffs.
Yeah, I looked at before this deal,
I looked at like, wow, Jersey, Carolina
in the first round will be unreal.
And like almost leaning towards the Devils.
And now with the size of Ranton,
and kind of a lack of size in New Jersey a little bit,
I'm like, fuck, I think Carolina would beat them.
But the East is gonna be awesome.
The East is just so open.
It's crazy.
Like forget the wild card.
I'm talking the top six teams,
the top three from each division.
Who's coming out of this thing?
But I think with that we can send it over to Netches.
Then we can get into all the news
that came out of Vancouver before
or after the Ronten and trade.
Do you have something?
Well, I was just going to say
I think that this opened up the conversation once again.
I think with how secure the league conversation once again that that I think with the how
Secure the league is now and the growth of it financially and the fact that players are in fact going to be getting back
Escrow and that's probably not going to be a thing moving forward these types of trades make the league more interesting big time and
They should look to impose a luxury tax and not a hard cap. So it makes these things possible
I know right now you got Chicago having to jump in there to retain salary to impose a luxury tax and not a hard cap. So it makes these things possible.
I know right now you got Chicago having to jump in there
to retain salaries so all this stuff can kind of work.
And there is a way around it to some degree.
But in order for this league to thrive,
I think that blockbuster deals is a component
that they really, really have to look at in the next CBA
and how it's all gonna work.
I still go back to the fact that one guy per team
should be able to make as much as a team
is willing to pay him,
and it should not count against the cap.
Whatever you wanna call it, a franchise tag,
blah, blah, blah.
I don't think there are enough, like,
super, super stars in the league
where you would need more than one per team.
So I think that that would be a healthy place
to bring it where, I mean, look at
this, like the fucking internet broke and now you get to see this type of excitement in a team like
Carolina bringing a top five player in the league and it just makes things more exciting and
good for Carolina and their fan base and their organization for having the balls to get very
creative. Shout out to Tul is it Tulski?
Yeah.
What a G.
Him and the cap off.
I'll just team him, like what a G.
I love this guy.
Well, Pasha's all about like,
this is what you got all these old ex players being GMs.
This is who's gonna take over all the stats,
all the analytical guys.
I'm like, settle down, Pasha.
That just goes into Pasha just thinking like,
you can actually decide who the best player is by looking at numbers after a game.
Yeah.
Um, but does like cameraman have a voice?
Like why is Pasha even talking like he's a cameraman because he's a deranged
devil's fan.
Um, because I do think that the, you talk about blockbuster trades with superstars.
I agree. Like the cap has a lot to do with that, but these guys all have no move deals.
That's that's a big part of like not having blockbuster deals.
You sign these superstars and it's like no movement clause.
Can't even send my ass down.
So we'll see. But I think we throw it to Martin H.S.
a little bit different of an interview considering he was on the Canes when we recorded this.
But a really nice guy. You'll get to know his personality a little bit. So we interview, considering he was on the Canes when we recorded this, but a really nice guy.
You'll get to know his personality a little bit.
So we're gonna throw it over to him right now.
Yeah, here you go for you, Avs fans.
Good to know you're a new player.
He can talk about all the Carolina.
Sorry, Carolina.
Guys, before we continue,
I need to talk to you about Rocket Money.
The start of a new year is the perfect time
to get organized, set goals,
and prioritize what matters most.
For me, a top priority is my financial wellness, which feels more important than ever.
Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions,
monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings.
I hopped on Rocket Money last year and immediately was told that I probably was double paying for six to seven different things. I had no
idea. Rocket Money made it so simple. They go in, they cancel everything, they do it
for you. You see all of your subscriptions in one place and know
exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore, Rocket Money
can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's dashboard gives you a clear view of your
expenses across all of your accounts.
Easily create a personalized budget with custom categories
to keep your spending on track.
See your monthly spending trends in each category
to know exactly where your money is going.
Rocket Money has over five million users
and has saved a total of 500 million
in canceled subscriptions,
saving members up to 740 a year when using all of the
app's premium features. I was right around 800 a year, so I was above the average. So join that
and get involved in saving money easily. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial
goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocketmoney.com slash chiclets today. That's rocketmoney.com slash
chiclets, rocketmoney.com slash chiclets today. That's rocket money dot com slash chiclets rocket money dot com slash chiclets.
It is an honor right now to be joined by one of the hottest players in the National Hockey League, a guy who has come out of the gates like a rocket ship lighting up the entire league right now. Maybe the best three on three overtime player
these eyes have ever seen.
Carolina Hurricane, Starford, Martin Natchez.
What's going on, buddy?
What's up, guys?
Thank you, thank you for having me.
Oh, thank you very much.
We appreciate it.
And I guess we'll kind of start off.
We've been told by a couple people
that your nickname's Gary, but we have no clue why.
Where did Gary come from?
You don't look like a Gary. Oh my god. I
mean
Couple teammates were snitching on me. I guess so. Oh
It's just something that can be talked about or not be talked about. I
Mean, it's just a I had a bunch of nicknames around here and in Carolina. No, it's a
couple guys couple guys, uh, all me, Gary, but mostly it's
Nechi. But I know, I know a guy who was it coming from, it's coming from everybody, from
Jordan Martinook. And that's the guy we kind of call each other like that.
So right when you signed on to this, the zoom we're doing, I noticed that that was the same
background that Seth Jarvis had when we interviewed him. And you we're doing, I noticed that that's the same background
that Seth Jarvis had when we interviewed him and you said, yeah, a bunch of you guys live together.
That must be incredible. Just in the same apartment complex, living it up. It's a really
close-knit group, huh? Yeah. I mean, you guys, you guys visited Raleigh. It's not a huge city. So,
there's not many apartment buildings to live in, I feel feel like here, and this is one of the newer ones.
So I think four or five guys live here.
And nice to see each other here as well,
and hang out sometimes.
Who's the one throwing the after hours
when you guys end up back there?
Oh, I mean, Prolajari.
He's also single.
So you see him getting loose here a little bit.
Uh, other guys that they have girlfriends, it's a little different story.
So, uh, mostly him, but, uh, I would say you'll pray often and go to KK's.
KK's is like a spot where, you know, he's a, he has the golf sim and
he lives like two minutes from here.
So, uh, days off like this, we this, we go to his place and chill there.
So that sets date spot is the simulator.
He's bringing the girls over the simulator, having a couple of pops,
getting loose.
Want to play Pebble Beach, babe?
I don't think so there.
The problem is KK has a girlfriend too.
So he's doing on his own and, you know, we just go hang out there.
He's a, he's got a nice sauna there.
So we always go chill.
Now at the sauna, maybe a couple of drinks and all day like this.
It's, it's beautiful.
Well, speaking of golf, a little birdie told me earlier that you played
around with Harry Styles.
Yeah, we actually, we did.
I don't know how long is it ago.
I think two or three
years ago, me and Sebastian and Justin Williams, we got to play with him. It was pretty cool.
It was pretty cool. At the time I was still pretty bad at golf. So I wasn't as excited as the other
guys, but it was cool to meet him. How was he like as a golfer? He was not bad. I think he plays quite a bit. He wasn't bad start at the start
He wasn't he wasn't great and he wasn't talking that much but then he got a little like you figure out we're not like
you know the fans that he has the crazy fans and we're just
You know, yeah, we're just normal guys trying to enjoy
Round and yeah show put out people fight by two and yeah, she'll open up, he called by two
and yeah, it was cool.
By the end of the round, he's slinging back the pops calling you Gary.
Did he open up that much?
No, no, no.
I mean, Gary, that's only one teammate that's calling me.
Only one guy in the role is calling me that and that's Marty from our locker room.
So nobody else calls me that.
It's been such an incredible start for yourself and the team.
Everyone's playing great.
I'm wondering, like, it was probably a weird camp because you lost guys,
Gensel's gone and all of a sudden these guys who've been a big part of your team
with Pesci, they're not there anymore.
Like was something said about how it's just such a new beginning for you guys or
was it business as usual with Rod the Bod there?
I think we're confident coming in the year. I feel like obviously we lost some guys,
but we brought some too. You see their guys like ghosts. They've been great additions.
And he's been really good at power play not just saying, but other guys as well.
And the other guys like me, Jarve, uh, so actually if you can, if you could step it up a little bit, uh, we still, you know, we can still be good.
And, uh, that's where I feel like we show in first quarter and, uh, I feel like we're only getting better.
Marty, what do you think the reason is for your breakout?
Do you feel like you've been given maybe a little bit more opportunity this year and gotten a little bit
more trust from Rod the bod? Like what do you think the reason
is for the breakout all of a sudden? We knew you had all the
skill in the world, but it seems like really this year it's all
coming together and the world is seeing the player that you are.
Yeah. I mean, you guys know how it is when you get on the first
power play. Maybe, maybe not you Biz, but
okay, we got them warmed up. Let's go baby. Let's go.
Or the second unit, Marty. Yeah. Every time there's a power play, you just, you don't even
think you jump on the ice and, uh, you know, you get those touches and, you know, every, every time,
yeah, you just don't think you play in the you play in the zone and that's how I felt
so far this season.
I'm not thinking too much, just playing my game and you know, being on the ice, I'll
wait more too.
So that's been great and I've been enjoying it.
I always wonder when you see guys that skate the way you do, I mean, you're one of the
best skaters in the league, one of the fastest players.
Was there anything you did in particular as a young kid or is that just something you're kind
of born with it a little bit? Like, was there was there a special skill coach or skating coach you
had or was it like almost this just kind of came pretty natural to me? Yeah, maybe maybe a little
bit bold. But ever since I was young, I always tried to work a lot on edges and kind of work on the, where you call it, the power skating. And, you know, I was always tiny till I was
like 17. So I always work on the, you know, those tight turns and being good in,
uh, in the crossovers. And then once I got a little stronger, I feel like,
you know, then, uh, my speed really got, uh, got better. And yeah, for me, it's all about the edges.
And if I can, instead of losing speed and the crossovers,
gaining some, that's the key for me.
I always wonder like, or have thought that it may help when you mentioned that you
were really small and then had a growth spurt.
Now I think you're 6'3", a big guy with that long frame to get the speed.
But do you think it helped almost being smaller until you were 17 to learn how to play the
game that way and kind of have to use your size disadvantage and still be able to score?
And then all of a sudden you get the height and it's like, wow, this is even easier because
I had to learn as I was younger.
Yeah. I mean, it's definitely, it's definitely easier. I would say, you know, being younger and, you know, at the time, maybe it's not, but being smaller and kind of think the thing about the game and thinking, yeah, thinking, thinking more than just playing, you know, it became a little, a little easier. So, uh, that was definitely me.
I was, I think when I was drafted, I was 165 pounds and, uh, that
I kind of started growing.
So, uh, definitely, definitely a big, uh, big difference once, uh, you
start, start getting stronger and, uh, the game's easier.
I remember talking to Vinny Trocheck and you know, you were obviously a great
player drafted super high and I remember saying, I'm like, why isn't this guy
playing every other shift?
Like I thought you were one of the best players, but you weren't really
getting that opportunity, but you also never heard you complaining about it on
the ice is that, you know, from what you kind of grew up with, just kind of
earning your spot or does that come from, you know, the, the hurricanes and how they run their, uh, the program there?
I mean, obviously we had, uh, you know, really good team and lots of players
here, so it'd be probably easier for me to, you know, play way more on some
teams, like, I don't know the teams that are not making playoffs and, uh, I
could maybe break out a little earlier, but, uh but better this way, you know, to be playing
playoffs every year.
And I've always wanted to play as much as possible, but the Chonlay, good guy, good
players.
We had two seasons ago, I got the opportunity for a smart play as well.
And they kind of, you know, made me feel good.
And then, you know, this year has been the biggest, biggest change.
I'm, you know, I'm not 18 year old anymore.
I'm 25 and I played in this league for six years and finally I'm
earning it.
There was some talk and I'd love to get your opinion on it because you never really know
what to believe when there's reports out there, but it was like, nature's may be traded.
There's discussion that he might be moved and then there's all this news about how many
teams would want you.
When you did come back to camp and there wasn't a trade, was there a discussion between
you and Rod Brindamore in terms of what he needs from you to, for you to get that 22,
23 minutes of ice time.
And then you, you were able to give a little bit of a, a back and forth to what you thought
or, or was that discussion that I kind of heard about all, all fake news?
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, I wasn't happy with, you know with the way I played and how much I played.
Same thing with Roddy after last season.
It was possible there was going to be some changes, but the way free agents went, we figured out to keep me in rally.
Then we had a talk with Roddy for sure that my role is going to be way bigger and I got to be more responsible. And now the biggest thing is to play a game after game, you know, being really good for
one game that kind of does show up for a couple.
So definitely gave me, gave me this role and that's the way I always wanted to be.
So you made me comfortable and definitely progress from from both sides.
I mean, you got also got to be thrilled and kind of buttoning up this subject at the fact
that you ended up signing basically a two-year bridge
deal.
I mean, it's a wicked bargain contract
for the Carolina Hurricanes.
Were you OK taking that?
Or were you maybe a little disappointed
where they didn't invest in you and believe
in you maybe long term?
Or were you like, no, I understand the business.
I'm going to take this bridge deal, and I'm going to show them exactly what I'm
made of and see you next July 1st.
Yeah.
I mean, don't bring me to Arb and don't call your lawyer.
Honestly, I also never talks about long-term as well, but I never wanted to
long-term after, after last season, I felt like I can now that my game is better than
what I showed so far and I can earn a better contract or whatever and you know
and the most most important to establish my my role on the team right I got like
I would only play on a third line for next eight years I want you know get the
first and second line and you and being the guy and then
be here for long term. So I was happy with two year deal. That's where I went in. I wanted to
bridge the deal and we'll see what's going to happen next. Where does that strong mindset come
from? It seems like you're very confident in your abilities. Is that something you've always had
from a young age? Obviously you're putting in the work in the off
season, but that's like, you're putting your nuts on the line like that.
And that's, that's fucking ballsy move.
I mean, I'm, I'm always trying to be confident, not cocky, but confident.
And I, I always felt I knew what I can do.
And, uh, you know, but this opportunity I'm getting here right now is, uh,
something that I always wanted.
And just like I said, that's what is something that I always wanted and just like I
said that's where I feel good so you know I'll stamp it in and
take a career deal and you know still young still young and I can time longer
longer deals later on. Being 6'3", being able to skate like the wind and shoot the
puck like a fucking animal probably helps the confidence too Biz. Where does number 88 come from? I mean obviously Pasta you
guys are Czech and won the gold medal together at the World. Do you wear
that because of him or is that just your favorite number growing up as well? No I
mean he's only he's only three years older than me so true. I don't have it
from him but actually actually, every single
young guy who is my idol was OV and when I came to check league, he was taken. So I just double
the hate to KD8 and I kind of stuck ever, ever since that. So going back to your youth and
check and we've been lucky enough to interview Patrick Elias. We've talked to a bunch of guys.
We had, we had Yammer, Yager on once and it was so different for those guys, right?
Like communism and so much has changed for you when you were growing up.
But what was it like growing up in check and playing?
Like, did you have great programs?
Were you given gear?
Like who was your biggest influence and who you looked up to in the game?
Besides Ovi, I mean someone in maybe the local community and where
you were playing as a young kid.
Yeah, I grew up in a small city and the team then, you know, I played for until I was 15. I think
on every category we had only two lines. So I was playing a lot and, you know, playing hockey and
check is really cheap compared to here US what I what I see how much I mean,
he's got a kid that's, you know, Jagger, he's 14, 15 years old.
I see how much they pay for travel and everything, which in check, I think you pay
like a fee that is around 800 and a half dollars a year.
So and that's that's basically covered everything.
I think all you got to buy is skates.
So it's definitely way cheaper.
And you know, for me just playing a lot when I was young, um, instead of playing four lines,
I would play two, three times a weekend and playing on two, playing, you know, two lines,
double shifting every, every game.
That was, that was huge.
How do you pronounce the, I got a hockey DB, the name of your hometown?
It's kind of a, it's pronounced, it's like four different words.
Yeah.
It's Janacezow, which is, you'd probably, you know, sounds like one word, but it's,
yeah, it is actually, it is actually four words.
And, you know, just a small, small town that's about 25,000 people.
I think they're probably playing the third island league in check.
And it's more about the little kids growing out.
Any other NHLers from that town?
There was a Martin Cowell, which was, he was drafted in Colorado.
First round, he played a, I don't know, my games, about round 50, 60 games.
Now he's back in check.
He was my age.
So we grow, we grew up together. Obviously he made it now he's back in Czech. He was my, so we grew up together. Obviously he made it,
now he's back in Czech. And then I think it was Martin Lohach, which I think he played a couple
games. But yeah, we actually had quite a few, few guys that's playing in Czech league around
Europe. So quite successful team for being you know, being basically at Willage.
I noticed on your club team, I mean, it was probably great exposure for you.
The name of the team is Bernal Cometa.
And my understanding is Martin Erat was a good mentor to you and you
guys became very close and I was just going to ask you about that.
And how did you end up committing to that club team in which you
won back to back championships? Are your draft year and then the year after?
Yeah, so when I was 50, I had to move somewhere because there was an under 16 category that
was in the highest league, so I had to move somewhere and that team was closest to me
and I felt like being close from my hometown is a good thing and moved there
and I was 17, I started playing there
with the, in the men's league
and Marty Rapp kind of took care of me.
He showed me the way, he showed me through,
learned from him, played on the line with him.
When I was 17, it was unbelievable.
Did you play with Marty?
I did.
Yeah, he was in Phoenix for a hot minute with us,
he had, wasn't he? He was a great guy. I want to say he came over from Washington.
Yeah. He was, he was trading. He was traded for a Ford bear guy.
Yeah. That's right. That's right. So he came over from Washington. Yeah.
Yeah. He came to, I don't know. I think it was Washington.
The art is going on Nashville helping me 70 or 17 year old.
And, uh, you know, basically teaching me everything in men's hockey.
It was huge.
And we still talk.
Actually, we just texted me today.
We're going for there in Nashville where we played our day before Christmas.
And, you know, what a great guy he is.
We've talked a lot about, on this show about, development in the AHL and how,
yeah, there there's Crosby and McDavid and
they don't need to be there a year, but you're kind of proven you can still be a superstar
and spend that year or two in the AHL.
Your first year over here, you had an unreal year there, but you were down there, I think
besides maybe a couple games.
Was that disappointing to you or were you okay with it?
And looking back now, do you agree that most guys,
if not everyone, could really benefit from a year
of becoming a pro playing in the American Hockey League?
Yeah, I started a season in NHL.
I played seven games and I got sent down.
They told me I'm going for a week
and just play a couple of games,
couple of back to back games and never came back.
So, you know, it was tough.
It was tough for me being I think I was
18 or 19 and so you were rattled at the time a little bit I was definitely
rattled I mean I wanted to come back I think I was very good a year there but
it was good because we had a good team we had a good coach and just playing
here and in the small is definitely different than Europe. And especially at the time, I was, I don't know, 178.
So it wasn't huge.
And kind of learning the way how to play was great.
You know, the winning color there was fun too.
But obviously, I wanted to be an NHL, but definitely helped a lot.
And I would say it's the second best league in the world. I played in
Czech and HL is definitely a statue of my father. Good friend of Keith and I, Ryan Wosofsky, he's
now the head coach in San Jose. He was your assistant that year in Charlotte. Could you
have seen him going on and becoming a head coach in the NHL at such a young age? I mean, obviously
usually have a better relationship with assistant coaches than
head coaches. So I don't know if you kind of could have seen what what what his
future had in store.
Yeah, I mean, Mourzi was great.
He was, you know, at the time he was assistant, so he was more like joking around
and on the ice doing girls videos and stuff.
So he was great.
And definitely you could see how as uh, actually he is for the
guy and how much he loves it.
So you could definitely see there was a future and yeah, good friend,
good friend, he's either the sack was there and you know, you've got
some great future on it ahead of him.
Yeah.
I also think too, just even playing in that that in the minors, like you said, they
told you you're going down for the weekend.
You stayed the rest of that year.
And it, I know it did for me too.
Like when I got called up that second time, I was like, I never want to go back there.
Never want to be on another bus.
Uh, obviously it's a great league and it's there for a good reason, but it just
lights you even more that next summer.
I remember being like, I gotta, you know, start working out more with wit and getting
the gym and, and find my way back up to the NHL.
So I never get sent down.
Yeah, I think so too.
I mean, that's a great experience.
And after, after you see, you know, the NHL life, or then you go to H1, you see like
all the traveling on the whatever commercial plans and busing
it's uh then you appreciate NHL a lot and you never want to go down.
You got the chance to win a world championship on home ice last year. You had to do it with
Posternak there was an unreal celebration. I want to know about that experience but does
it kind of make you a little sad that they didn't incorporate you guys in this four nations?
Like are you texting with all the other Czech guys being like, fuck,
wait till we get the Olympics so we can spank these guys around?
Yeah, I mean, obviously it sucks, but, uh, I think at the same time it was,
uh, it's not I, I HF, so it's just their NHL.
And I think at the time we have like this season, we have three or four,
uh, demons that could play for us.
So, you know, we probably couldn't even make the team because we had, you know, I think lots of Fortress, but Northern MD and
in the NHL right now, which kind of sad, but it's the way it is. And, you know, maybe the only
way they could have made it, obviously, Bratschek could be there. It could be maybe Team Europe or
Czechoslovakia. Biz brought up the gold medal on home ice though. And we saw pasta with the beers after on stage
in the town square, the city square. Like, what do you remember from that? How exciting was it?
And how special was it being able to celebrate the win in Czech?
Yeah. I think a couple of days after he was making something for you guys, right? I think we were-
I think it was the next day.
Yeah. I think we were at the pub and he was like, you have to go in the back, do something for you guys, right? I think we were... I think it was the next day. Yeah, I think we were at the pub and he was like, you have to go in the back, do something
for you guys.
I haven't seen him that drunk since the sandbagger we did with him. That was the day of the skills
competition.
I seen that too. It was pretty funny. But I mean, winning it in check, it was unbelievable.
It was the best moment basically in my life. The party we threw off was unbelievable. It was the best moment, basically, of my life.
It was that the party meets were out there.
It was crazy.
And the motivation to do this and rally and celebrate a year.
So now you mentioned like you came in the NHL, got some games, 18, now 25, best year of your career.
What do you think you most improved at from the beginning?
Like, what is different now for your game?
I mean, obviously size and strength has changed, but is there anything in
particular with your actual game that you're like, wow, like seven years later,
I'm so much better at this.
Yeah.
What is Rod yelling at you less about is what he's asking you.
Maybe a little bit of my defense, but from my perspective, I would, I would
say, uh, kind of slowed the game down a little bit.
Obviously, I don't like in-skate fast, but I kind of figure out when I came over here,
I felt like everywhere I just got to go super fast.
Now I feel like, you know, it's better to basically go a little slower, a little faster.
And there is way better demons than in Europe.
So I figure out the way I can create speed and then kind of slow it down
I can make more plays and a way for you know, the neem ends to jump in the place and
Always trying to look for a second ways and stuff. So
There is one thing I would definitely say that
Yeah, I'll slow the game down a little bit. We talked about mentors earlier in Martin erat now your father for my understanding was a
Um, we talked about mentors earlier in, in Martin, erat. Now your father, from my understanding was a professional hockey player as well.
Like what type of advice growing up and what was it like being around the rink
with him, and I'm sure that he was probably a very close mentor to you as well.
And you know, it was, did he push it, push you very hard?
Was he very easy on you?
No.
So he was actually a professional cross country ski.
He never, he never played.
Oh, he never, yeah.
He never, he never He never played hockey.
Cross-country skiing might be the hardest sport on the lungs in the world.
That guy must have been a beast.
Yeah, I mean, the comment is more right. The way it worked for him, he had to do it.
He had no other options. He had to go cross-country ski because he was in an
he had to do it. He had no other options. He had to go cross-country ski because he was in an
area where they didn't. So I think when he was like five, six, seven, he quit and he started. He was always playing soccer and other sports. So ever since I was young, they brought me to hockey
and relationship with him, we'd always had more like a father and son. We always had like
buddies and I think I feel like that's right now too. He he knows that I know how to feel
better than him. So we more talk about hockey like like friends and he's trying to give
me some advice and I kind of thought back to him about that. So trying to help him a
little bit with the team that he's GM law as well in my own town and
Yeah, I mean he's a he's a great guy and
Just like I said, it's more like then you would never do you never really on me
I'll lay all else young if I do something stupid but
Really friendly our relationship here. Did you ever cross-country ski for your VO2 to get in better shape?
Yeah, but no, I mean, that's something that I never, never liked.
And he never really pushed me into it.
Cause it might be one of the hardest course ever.
It's so just, you're just a husky basically.
It actually looks like it.
It looks like one of the most miserable sports, miserable sports in the world.
Maybe like, yeah, like, I don't know.
I don't know what you enjoy about it.
At least, you know, if you have a beer, you get to shoot the gun and that's kind of something
that breaks it down.
But going like this for a couple of hours is exhausting and you have to work to put
in those.
It's crazy.
Our producer told me that you're an enormous Liverpool fan in the Premier League.
Like, how did that come about?
I know all the Euros I played with are enormous into soccer or football, whatever you call it.
Have you been to a game there? Like my Chelsea club, they're kind of on your heels right now.
I don't know if we can get that done, but how did that come about where Liverpool is your squad?
Ever since I was young, I always supported Liverpool. I don't know. I don't really know why.
I don't really know the answer, but I always liked them. But you know, pretty good team. I don't know. I don't really know why. I don't really know the answer, but always like that.
But, you know, pretty good team, I would say. I actually never been to the game there. I go every summer.
I go to, we go to London, actually with your team, Chelsea, because actually we have a buddy, Peter Czech, who was a legendary goalie. He always gets us tickets there and we go spend the weekend there, throw a little party and enjoy a couple of games.
With a lot of guys actually from Czech NHL players who were playing the Premier League fantasy, music, guitar, we have a chat that we always chat during the, during the weekend.
When you watch, when you're watching the games that, you know, it's something that
I like to do on, on all days.
And I think about hockey.
Have you ever got on Peter check?
I've seen him on the ice.
I think it was with Chicago, right?
He's boys with darling.
Oh, is that what it is?
Like he looks like a legit hockey goalie.
Yeah.
I skated him a couple of times.
I skated him, I think this summer or last summer.
He's actually pretty good, man.
He's huge and he would always send Peter around
and you always sending videos
like what kind of drills he's doing.
And like he's doing all this crazy stuff.
It's, he's very passionate.
And I think he's playing like his first
or second league in England.
So this guy's name is Peter Cech, he's from Czech, he played for Liverpool as a goalie
and now he's playing for Chelsea.
He wore a helmet.
His hometown is called Peter.
Yeah I mean, you don't know nothing about soccer. You, you, you, he's probably
the legend that ever ever played actually.
Where those guys making the dough in the premier league back then when he was playing. Oh,
so he's just, he just retired big time, big time is played in that England league. He's
playing in the league that you played in during the walkout? I think seriously played her actually playing.
No, he's actually played.
I think he's playing for Belfast or something.
No shit.
Hey, okay.
You just started playing Hawkees in the same league.
He's had over a point per game there.
Just put it that way.
I was the Martin H of the E I H L.
Are you kidding me?
PP one.
Now I know you're still a growing boy,
but like I've been getting massive complaints from guys in
your team about you clogging the shitter on the team flight.
Like what's up with you? I mean, come on, Gary.
You don't like to hear that.
You can't be shitting on the team plane.
Are they doing that over and check?
Shitting on the team. You gotta hold that.
You gotta do it at the coach's side.
Can't do it at the players side. This guy always brings shit on all the team. You gotta hold that. You gotta do it at the coach's side. Can't do it at the player's side.
This guy always brings shit on all the players.
Like I saw that episode with Jarvis, it's the same thing.
You gotta get him on podcasts and we're gonna tell you
all the stuff that he does sometimes.
He's too ugly.
He had the Birdman podcast when he was on.
He was like by this like tree and it had like a parrot in it.
Didn't it?
I just remember that.
I didn't see that.
I thought he was in Jarvis.
Jarvis?
No, when we got, when we had Marty on.
Oh yeah. I remember that.
Yeah. He was like, he was like, and I'm like, Hey man, you mind moving spots here?
Or your pet parakeet keeps interrupting our stream yard.
So you must love playing there. I know it's not the biggest market, but the fans are so
hardcore. Like we went to a game there not too long ago with Edmonton biz against Edmonton and
they are just rapid and it's just such a rush going in that building. And I don't think it
gets a respect that deserves from the Caniacs. Yeah, I mean, it's definitely gotten so much better
over the years when I was drafted.
Honestly, the team kind of sucked,
so it's always when the team's doing good,
it's way better, and now we build into the position
where I think it's sold out every game.
The building's loud, the building's loud,
the playoffs are crazy.
Especially in the fan base now. It's actually a nice combination of really good fans and still in the city being kind of free and not many people recognizing you.
So, yeah, I love the year.
The team is great.
So, yeah, hopefully we can keep this going and And, uh, we'll be very special to, to when they come here.
Do they still have the cheerleaders in the crowd? Cause I remember when I was playing
there, I'm like, God damn, there's some beautiful women down here and they got them like shooting
off the t-shirt guns. They're in these like awesome outfits. They're doing the dances.
I would say outside of Dallas, they might've had the best ones.
I was playing.
Dallas has the ice girls, right?
I don't think we have them.
I don't think we have the crew.
No, yours aren't skating.
That's why I gave the upper hand.
And then, well, that's why he saw him because he was in the crowd with them.
Street, get your shirt.
I don't think I ever played.
I was scratch a lot in Carolina for whatever reason.
They're like, ah, this is a fast team.
We're going to sit you out on this one.
Have fun eating popcorn with the cheerleaders.
Now, when you go to Dallas, are they still in the hallway?
The ones that skate on the ice with the shovels?
Think so.
We only go there once a year.
So I actually think so.
They're always there in the corner
where they get it going. I think that they're always there in the corner where they get it going.
I think that they're there to distract the away team
because they put this perfume on
and it just distracts you when you're going out.
So that's why I was asking you,
do they still have them positioned in that tunnel?
I think that like opposite teams should call the league.
It's too much of a distraction or at least for me.
And I wasn't even playing, I was warming up.
They have to sign you our team for, you know, take the take care of them and play some hockey.
What do you mean by that?
Well, whatever, whatever you take.
We interviewed Patrick line the other day, we were kind of talking, welcome to the NHL moment,
or more so like you ever gotten crushed by anyone. And he's like, yeah, Jake McCabe just murdered me center ice one time.
Like, do you remember first year to just getting lit up by somebody or,
or, or a welcome to the NHL moment when you, when you think of that question?
Yeah, I think my first year, uh, I think it was the,
the year when I got sent down, uh,
maybe it was the first game against Montreal.
Shaver gave me a cross check
in front of the net and I almost like from in front of the net I ended up in the corner
and I was like oh my god this guy this guy was so strong I'm I'm glad he's not playing
against us anymore because those those shots and those cross checks were crazy and it was
the one guy that you were actually scared of going in front is
You know, he was just way too strong. Yeah, he was intimidating He was scary man him being in the Hall of Fame is just makes total sense to me
Like I think just thinking of how he played the game. It was a guy like, oh fuck
I just get out of the way if he winds up that was it
I luckily was never in front of the net to get cross-checked by him. But
of the way if he winds up that was it.
I luckily was never in front of the net to get cross-checked by him. But.
So obviously it stinks that we're not going to be able to watch you in the, uh,
four nations and your other teammates, but what's, uh, what's your plan for,
uh, the little break that you guys got, you're going to go golfing
anywhere, beach it up somewhere.
Nah, we're going to go to Anguilla.
You were there last year and, uh, you know, it's a beautiful spot.
Just, uh, enjoy it for five five days they have a nice golf course
there as well so there's gonna be a bunch of us and let's have a little fun watch Jarvis Slavo
fishy play play the four nations and then come back and I guess we're gonna have to practice for
a few days because the break is uh is long. Do you guys ever tee it up during the season in Raleigh? Like play some golf or is it kind of hard
like off days you're gassed or do you guys get out there a little bit?
Do you ever play with Williams or does he have too much PTSD from getting waxed by us in the
sandbagger? I saw that too. It really just a. But during the season, I think KK and Jarvey didn't play today. This this morning, or actually, I think right now they're finishing. So I was I was gonna go with them. But you know,
Wow, what a guy. What a gentleman. the season that we play, but on days like this, we have a day off today, then just practice tomorrow. So it's actually right now around, I don't know, where is it?
75 degrees. I don't know. What is it? It's 20, 20 degrees Celsius.
I'm still in the Celsius. So, uh, quite nice. Yeah, it's quite nice here.
And, uh, you don't get to play too much, but as days like this, that's a,
definitely go to, do you know the trick? Do you know the trick to play too much, but on Wednesdays like this, it's definitely a good time.
Do you know the trick? Do you know the trick to go Celsius to Fahrenheit?
I don't.
Times 2 plus 30.
Times 2 plus, oh, so yeah, so it's 70.
I have any degrees to perfect golf, oh my god.
Nailed it. Nailed it. This guy's a genius.
I appreciate you coming on because I'm the host of the show and I skip it for golf,
so the fact that you gave away a day of golf with Jarvis all you probably like I can't stand Jarvis
I'm enough. I'm enough around him enough in the room. I don't need to be with him on the course today
He's he's non-stop, huh?
He's I'm like he's my favorite guy ever. He's he's unbelievable. He's a such a such a good teammate and such a funny guy and just
He's a such a good teammate and such a funny guy and just, you know, easy going. And you guys had him and you guys definitely heard of him too.
So, you know, what a great player.
I'm the best teammates that you can ask for.
Did you ever get Stalsie to laugh?
He seems like a pretty serious guy.
He's pretty even keel.
You ever open him up a little
bit? Yeah, still Zee. We get him going. We get him going, especially the younger guys. We try to get
him going in the sewer bowl, which we play before the game. We always try to kill him. Sometimes
you see him, he comes rattling, then you kill him a couple of times. He's mad and like, we got to
slow down a little bit, but he gets it going. he's uh you know he doesn't talk that much in walk room he talks only when it's uh when it's needed but uh super super nice guy and uh you know what a unit he is on the ice he's he doesn't even need to skate he just protects the puck and guys around and you know he gets his momentum going so uh it's uh it's pretty impressive and it's pretty impressive in what kind of shade he is.
He's playing under the ear and ears.
Yeah, great guy.
You got to ask him, because his rookie year, I played with him, he had 29 goals and I don't
remember exactly what he said, but I think an empty net goal, like just missed the net
or something like that. He's like, I didn't want it anyways, or something like I didn't remember exactly what he said, but I think an empty net goal, like just missed the net or something like that.
He's like, I didn't want it anyways,
or something like I didn't need it.
And then he ended up with 29
and like we were just busting his balls.
But you gotta ask him if he remembers that.
He kind of jigs himself from getting 30 as an 18 year old.
But what you say is true, like he's just so big.
He's just a mountain.
You can't move him when you try to push him.
He just walks around his thick legs.
And as he's gotten older, I mean, he's,
he's probably what? 35, 36. He's played like 1200 games too.
So it's crazy to see how easy the games come to him and just being very
comfortable with like a shutdown center role always.
Yeah. It's a, it's pretty impressive. I'm just,
see him like his line is right now him Marty and and carrier and
seeing them playing against the top lines it's you know I feel like every time Tom top
players can play against us especially at home when we can in the matchup and they play
against them the whole game it's like a nightmare for him because you know the Pucks flying
around the boards they go on a four check
They back check they they hit you and it's just something that has an offensive guy you hate to play against and also he wins
You know almost every face-off so
Quite a quite a special defensive player and you know, you know, he's a big part of our team looking right now at your draft
You're that you're the 12th pick.
You're the fourth.
You have the fourth most goals from that draft right now.
And it seems like you're really hitting your stride now, like going back to the draft.
You remember as the Carolina pick came up, like you knew it was going to be you.
Did you think you were maybe going to go earlier?
Like, it's always interesting for me to hear like the memories from the draft
and how it kind of all came about for
you to get selected where you did. I had no idea who would take me. The only team that I was,
I kind of thought and I talked a lot with before the draft was Detroit, which I think they picked,
I don't know, 11th or 10th, something like that. They picked 9th. Oh, ninth, ninth. So, uh, and then I kind of found out they
wanted a bigger guy. So they got Rasmus. And then, uh, actually I had no idea. I had no idea. I was
just happy to get drafted and, you know, quite, quite nervous at the, at the time. Um, as good
as this season's going, um, does it intimidate you that you're going to have to negotiate a big contract with this guy? Eric Tulski?
Oh, yeah, I don't know. I don't know.
Not really thinking about the contract that much.
He's a he's a really smart guy, as you as you can see.
He looks like he's like the brainiac.
Matt, yeah, he looks like a mad scientist.
He looks like he runs a Fortune 500 company.
I mean, it is. He I don't know.
Oh, yeah, he is actually.
Yeah, he is.
Oh, he's like a full on genius.
He has like patents and like copies, like invented things.
Yeah, I don't know exactly.
I don't know. Say it wrong things, but
he's got some crazy, some crazy schools and he is super smart and he's really good at numbers.
So we'll see once we go and negotiate.
But I got one more year after this and let's see what's going to happen.
All right.
Well, we hope you get your ticket come July 1st, buddy.
We appreciate you coming on.
Didn't like the jab early, but you're right. I that Gary I did everybody's chirping man so I did on the
IHL and I bet you I could light up Peter check if I tried no chance
I don't think so they'll have to let you go on the ice
Peter check like wore a helmet playing soccer goal he'd be like I don't even
need it if business shooting on me
Like I'll just go no dome like this guy can't even lift the puck. So
Gary Marty, we appreciate you coming on. It's a it's a blast watching you play man
So the toilet yeah and stop shitting on the plane, but oh
Sit on this come on
Freaking Mario I hate that guy
Thank you so much guys, thank you buddy Let me be. Freaking Mario. I hate that guy. No, I actually love that guy. I love that guy. Team Tulski.
Team Tulski.
That's perfect.
Thank you so much, guys.
Thank you, buddy.
See you, brother.
See you, brother.
Guys, before we go any further,
I wanna talk to you about Roeback.
If you're watching on YouTube right now,
you can see I'm pointing at the Roeback logo.
And let us introduce you to Roeback activewear.
If you've seen that little dog or those two stripes on the back of shirts,
you've seen Roback. It's everywhere. People are coming to realize how great Roback is and we couldn't be more fired up to be rocking Roback
because the quality is unmatched. Between the hoodies, joggers, tees and polos, they have the best fabrics and the best fitting gear out there.
So comfortable. You want
to lay around watching a movie? Rollback. You want to go out to dinner and look classy? Rollback. You
want to be comfortable on a flight? Rollback. So use code CHICKLITS on rollback.com for a generous
20 off your first purchase through the end of this week. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S on R-H-O-B-A-C-K.com.
Code CHICKLITS at rollback.com, 20 off all hoodies, joggers,
and more with Code Chicklets.
And I'm telling you, you will not be disappointed.
The fabric, the material, how comfortable it is,
rowback.com, Code Chicklets.
Thank you so much to Marty Natchez,
Karen, Colorado Avalanche winger,
who interviewed us in, I believe,
a Carolina Hurricanes hat and shirt.
So thank you very much to him.
Great guy, I'm sure his teammates will miss him.
Did you see Rontanen meeting the Hurricanes
and Rossovich is like, hey, where's my watch?
Because he gave him number 96, he's fucking around.
So the craziest thing about Rontanen
meeting all those guys is he is a monster.
He's like, I'll buy you one when I sign with the Leafs.
He's a monster though.
He was towering over guys.
He's a beast.
And looks like he's about 230.
I can't wait to see him in blue.
A machine, yeah.
I can't wait to see him in Bonnie blue.
I was wondering if they,
because they showed something on Instagram
of him getting off the PJ,
and then they just showed Halsey kind of like at the hotel.
Did they not send?
Oh, he's on like Spirit.
He's like, look, he's paying 25 cents
to use the overhead compartment.
No, I hitchhiked like Dale Tallon.
Oh, I didn't know that.
We interviewed Dale Tallon, by the way.
I cannot wait for you guys to hear this one.
We got some fucking Wiley veterans.
We got Mike Keenan.
I like to tease these.
Mike Keenan, we got Dale Tallon and Hall of Famer Pierre Terjean,
who actually just called the Anson.
All on this coach.
So Dale, Dale who's what, how old is Dale?
75.
75, Mike Keenan's 75, you know,
been in the game a long time.
All their bodies are in better shape than Biz.
Oh yeah.
Legit, oh yeah, oh yeah.
Their backs aren't giving out, like you know.
Yeah, because they're not working out twice. You got a no too. I know you'reit. Oh yeah. If their backs aren't giving out. Yeah.
Because they're not working out.
Well that's why my back got thrown out.
I was carrying the interviews.
I know you're single, but dad bods are kind of in right now.
Dad bods are phenomenal.
Single life I'm sure.
And I think he said like 80 of adults
have a lot of stress.
It's like, I don't think most of them are single,
rich and good looking.
It's like kids in money. Hey, I'll take a tire pump when I hear one
I'll take a tire pump. I'm always pumping your tires, buddy. I'm a soft seven
You're a soft seven. I'm a soft seven with your bank account personality and then bank account brings you like a 9.1
Maybe oh fucking nine
We should yeah
Well, I mean I guess we can we can move on I guess on. I guess there's some issues that could bring you back down.
Yeah.
Bring up.
Time for the weekly Vancouver Canucks,
JT Miller, Elias Pedersen, rumor mill drama.
It sounds like.
There's another Elias Pedersen.
That's crazy.
They brought another one in to deflect.
JT Miller's just shaking.
Ah, no.
He's like, wait, what's your name?
He's like, I'm Elias Pettersson, fuck you.
Yeah, they're like, abuse this one for a few weeks
until we get rid of the other one.
They changed his name.
Yeah, yeah.
But it sounded like that
Pettersson to Carolina was close to getting done.
Yeah.
Which one, number 40?
I don't know which one.
I think it's the one that makes 11.25.
Pugula cock-walked it,
because now it's Buffalo he's going to.
Now you hear Buffalo, but with Miller,
Frank Semmerevelli reported it sounds like
the Rangers and the Devils are in the mix,
and then the Bruins are a dark horse.
Biz, you've made it clear that you've been told or heard
that Drury would do anything and really wants JT Miller
in a Rangers jersey.
I think he would really help the Devils.
And the fucking storyline of him going to Pasha's team
after all Pasha does is shit on, a hundred point player.
It would be just a dream come true for me.
But I guess that if Pedersen was gonna be moved
over to the Hurricanes and then Rontan
and all of a sudden became available, they were
thinking we'd rather him, I would assume? Yeah, yeah. I mean, and then also Kevin
Weeks quote tweeted Callahan who posted a picture of the Pittsburgh skyline. So I
don't know, maybe there's a world where JT ends up back in his hometown of Pittsburgh where that would be a perfect little
revamp for the Pittsburgh Penguins where now all of a sudden they would have a nice one two punch down the middle and that would
make more sense. No Sid would be actually staying in Pittsburgh in that situation and from my understanding
Vancouver is looking for a defenseman and
Speaking of another
Peterson the defenseman for the
Pittsburgh Penguins. The Mark of Vancouver Pettersons. That would be
insane eh? It's like peterson overload. So yeah so there's just like a lot of
like like rumor mill action going right now but it feels like after this
rotten trade now you're gonna see things start taking effect
and trickling in, so.
Do you think Vancouver would take back Eric Carlson
if Pittsburgh eats him?
No, they got, by the way,
Quinn Hughes had one of the best games
anyone in the league has had on Saturday night.
He's carrying that team.
He beat the Capitals.
He legit, he scored one of the sickest backhand goals
I've ever seen a defenseman score,
then walked the line with his head up the entire time
and just shelved one from the point.
It went to 17 players.
I know, and it was labeled where the crossbar
meets the post, it was unreal shot,
and he's just, the fact that he's doing this
and they're still in the race because of this one guy,
he probably deserves MVP discussion. Like if the award is most valuable to your team, he probably deserves like MVP discussion.
Correct.
Like if the award is most valuable to your team, he's that right now.
What I respect most about him too is throughout this whole chaotic situation,
he has remained so calm, so well spoken, and just going about business as usual.
He is, he is, yeah, I think that he seriously deserves consideration for MVP.
And that would make two defensive in the league
at the top of my list, at least in the top five.
Because what Rurensky's doing in Columbus,
and they are not slowing down either,
it's just remarkable, especially with the news
that Monahan is now out for I think six to eight weeks,
which is absolutely devastating.
But yes, Quinn Hughes has just been,
his season's been a masterpiece. It's gotta be a lot from, you saw it when they did the,
what was the Amazon?
Like the Face Off or whatever.
When they followed the guys around and like how,
like you know, he's well read,
you know he's reading all these books about leadership
and you know, taking that into his own craft.
So you gotta give him a lot of credit
because the media up there and the way he's been handling it and being able to
Produce the way he is on the ice is very special
There's army generals who are probably like I can't help you out buddy. You're fucking in the shit right David Goggins is like no
David Goggins is having a milkshake. Just listening to the stories
I can't do this. I can't do this. I
is having a milkshake just listening to the stories. I can't do this anymore.
Can you stop yelling at me sir?
I like to keep my heart rate down.
The news with Quinn Hughes doesn't stop there
because that takes you back to Thursday night
where I think it was Corey Perry's masterpiece.
This game, first off, he's in warmups
and the camera's in his face
and he just gives the biggest smile,
almost like wait till you see what I'm going to do tonight. And he has in warmups and the camera's in his face and he just gives the biggest smile, almost like,
wait till you see what I'm gonna do tonight.
And he has the quotes prior to the game talking about
the league doesn't protect its stars,
it's gotta protect its stars, next thing you know,
he's body slamming Quinn Hughes.
And nobody does a thing.
Elias Pedersen watches it and he's like,
ugh, just like reaching in, it's like,
oh my god, your entire team is getting abused
by 39-year-old
Corey Perry, who the fact is, is playing out of his mind
this year, people were like, I don't know,
did you re-sign him?
Thank god they did.
750.
Just causing an absolute shit storm against the Canucks.
And I mean, I also think people were like,
he's asking for the Stars to get protected more,
and then he's choke slamming one down.
It's like, well, he said he wants penalties called
on the Stars and he got a penalty on that play.
So it's like, he's obviously still gonna continue
to try to abuse anyone he's playing against.
Are you surprised by this?
And he's also got a leg to stand on too
because he was a Superstar.
I mean, not saying that he isn't anymore,
but he was MVP, he was an absolute superstar in this league,
but he also played with some jam too.
So you never, he was never getting taken advantage of,
right, like he wasn't diving around.
Like he was such a pain.
Hey, talk about a guy willing to transform his game
in order to stick around.
Like he's, you know, he's not above doing anything
for his team in order to win.
It's very admirable.
He would for sure play for free, like 1000. above doing anything for his team in order to win. It's very admirable.
And he would for sure play for free.
Like 1,000.
Really?
He might.
He would play for free.
He might.
He is.
He might be like Gordie Howe.
Like the way that he stretches in his routine,
and by the way, the way my back is,
maybe I should text him and get to know what his routine is.
The fact that he could still move around out there
and perform the way he does.
He could fucking play till he's 50 years old.
He could be the modern day Gordie Howe.
I hope he does.
I'm imagining like he's able to be a rat off the ice too.
You text him and he can get like a virus
put in your phone immediately.
This guy, he's relentless.
But he's done a great job.
Oh no, another VD.
The Oilers waxed the Canucks in that game.
But a big win for them against the Caps.
And I guess finishing up on the Canucks, it's it's like,
I know you said now Rontedens move will see more things happen possibly.
But like, uncle, like and you're like, all right, they're going to choose one.
JT or Patterson like, no, they're shopping them both.
It's just like I think every fan of the Canucks just needs this to end
with one of them being traded.
G has a question. Just real quick.
I mean, you just mentioned Sean Monahan getting hurt in the Columbus Blue Jackets.
I think they are a very interesting team for JT Miller.
Wow.
They need help up the middle.
They have a team.
He's from Ohio.
A team where he can get away.
That would be the-
A lot of media attention, they're on the rise.
They could use some veteran leadership,
I'm sure, in that locker room right now.
He's got a relationship with Rick Nash,
played together in New York.
Gee, that's a very, very.
I don't know where you're hearing that one, G,
but also Butcher Gross tweeted something out about
maybe them going after Brock Nelson as well.
I mean, they have some young guys in the pipeline,
maybe some assets they can move over to Long Island
where his comments were the fan base deserves it.
And they have all the rest of their team that are all in in and then all of a sudden you'd get Monahan back.
I would really love to see Columbus do something. So great job G. But before we move on from Edmonton, you have to answer for this.
What the hell's going on with Nacho Gate? Why are fans throwing 25 nachos on the ice?
I have no idea, but like I was watching the game, and Perry opens up for one time,
I'm like, what the hell is that?
Dude, I think it was in the middle of his feet, too.
He somehow maneuvered around the nachos.
If he had scored that goal and then reached down
and dipped a nacho chip in cheese,
I think it would have been an all-time NHL moment.
But Logan Thompson's flipping out about it.
It's like, buddy, it hit your shoulder and went in.
You gotta stop the puck there. I understand you're like, buddy, it hit your shoulder and went in. Like, you gotta stop the puck there.
Like, I understand you're like,
oh, and then there's nachos on the ice,
which just sounds crazy to say.
But yeah, I don't know how you're spending
that much dough on nachos and then chucking them on the ice.
The guy must've been pissed off about something.
I'm assuming he got kicked out of the game.
We'll see.
Apparently, final news with the Pedersen situation
is I guess Buffalo is very, very interested.
G has here in the outline possibly what,
maybe cousins in Byron for Peterson.
I think that's just kind of maybe you reaching
and thinking of possible deals.
I don't know.
That would be such an incredible trade, I think,
for Vancouver.
I would make that trade in a second.
I think that even just like cousins
and someone not of Byram status could get done.
What about power for Pedersen straight up?
Wow.
I don't know, oh my God.
I would obviously rather Byram and cousins as a package.
For Vancouver, you're saying?
For Vancouver, because Vancouver has to address their their back end but they also would you would
need a guy you would need a center if they're still looking to compete you
would also need a centerman so hey by the way like this was the house that was
the seat G was in when he said Monty was getting fired and Sako was getting
hired he might have just called the fucking JT Miller to the blue jackets
right there. You think that's a possibility? blue jackets right there. I have a weird.
I don't know, like I have a weird feeling.
That's his seat.
That's his seat dude.
That's his GM seat.
He's back.
Tony D'Angelo.
Oh yeah.
Tony.
Donald Trump gets elected and Tony D's home from Russia and who signs him?
Lul Amorello the left is furious folks Tony D's back in the game. He had a point per game with st
Petersburg he can still produce in the NHL and he's back and it's it's it's I'm very happy for him
Tony's a good guy. I got to know him at Kevin Hayes his wedding
The hatred for him online is like ridiculous, I think.
You can hate whoever you want, but it's like all politically based, I believe.
And he signed for 775, pro rated for the remainder of the season.
Like I said, he was in St. Petersburg, 32 points at 34 games.
I think he came home because his grandma's sick,
wants to be around his family a little bit.
So thinking of him and his family, but the Islanders,
I mean, they're truly like a pathetic team right now.
I don't know what Lou's doing,
but at least they're making a little news,
trying to help out the PP,
bringing a guy who can move the puck.
But the biggest news for the Islanders,
me this past week, was Matt Barzell, your star player.
And I don't blame this guy one bit.
I don't blame him one bit. Because the minute I went to that arena UBS Arena
We did the FDNY NYPD game and the game ended and we tried getting home
I said, what the fuck were they thinking putting this arena here?
It's in the middle of like six different highways
You can't get an uber out of there you walk about 700 yards to the uber stand and then you're waiting forever as they're sitting in Long Island traffic and no fans are showing up and the fans, they
kind of turned a little bit pissed off when the news broke of what Barzal said, I'll get
to in a minute.
They're like, we'll start playing better and we'll fill the arena.
He's sitting there looking and I think they just tied it up or took the lead and somebody
caught on Twitter.
He's sitting there talking to someone.
He's like, this place is fucking empty.
What a fucking joke.
And then I saw the clip of the,
it was like half empty, I think.
Oh yeah, it's been brutal.
And so they decided, and it's a nice arena.
Like I actually, I like it.
25 bars in it, people can have access to booze.
DJ.
It's a party time.
They have like a beer, what are those,
what are they called?
Brewery. Yeah, that's like almost like a brewery. Beer garden. Behind one of, what are those, what are they called? Brewery?
Yeah, that's almost like a brewery.
Beer garden.
Behind one of, what?
Beer garden.
Beer garden, they have this huge beer garden behind one of them.
I like the arena, it's just where it is.
And the team is not exciting to watch,
but it's like, oh boy, what are the Islanders doing?
They gotta start moving some pieces.
If I'm a GM around there at his price tag,
I'm calling nonstop about Barzal.
Yeah.
Nonstop.
And then somehow just finagle away,
I don't think they'll trade him, but man,
you come out and you see this guy just be like,
this is a fucking joke.
It would be cool to see him go back home to Vancouver.
I wonder if that's something that could get fetched out.
But I just think that they're wasting his prime.
I can't stand the way they play.
They're so fucking boring.
You're just waiting and waiting and waiting
for something to happen.
It never does.
It's not even like they fucking play tough either.
It's just so vanilla.
And listen, Lou's done so much in the game of hockey.
He's a Hall of Famer.
Like how much longer do you think
he's gonna be at the throne there? Like do you think this is just gonna continue till he- As long as they'll pay him. Yeah, you think he's gonna be at the throne there?
Do you think this is just gonna continue till he...
As long as they'll pay him.
Yeah, I think...
I get it. If I'm him, I ain't going anywhere.
Making big dough, running a team, it's like I'm not gonna quit.
You're saying more like when do you let go of them?
Yeah, and maybe make them like a consultant or something.
I just like the direction of the team.
I mean, it's been downhill ever since they went to the Eastern Conference Finals
where they lose to a goal in game seven to Tampa Bay.
And that was the cup final that year.
Right, and yeah, and it's been all downhill from there.
So not to rag on the guy,
but he's gotta get creative here and do something.
He's gotta get big. Just get young.
Just get young, just try to start over a little bit.
You got all these 33-year year olds that awesome careers these guys.
But it's just like this isn't working for this team anymore.
And the thing is they like might sneak into the playoffs, but first round
it's going to be like, all right, that's a loss.
But if you go young, say they are doing rebuild, do you get rid of Barzell,
your best player? Or is that a guy you know?
For me, it's more about it just doesn't seem like
the way that he wants to play and his creativity
is able to shine there.
And I think it's being wasted.
And if I were him, my frustration would continue to mount
where it's like, not only are we losing,
not only is our building fucking empty,
it's not exciting, our team shit.
Like I wanna go have fun and play and be creative and use my speed
And I know he's a lot more of a passer than a shooter and I go go get him with a fucking sniper
Go get him go get him paired up right get his dynamic duo going
So I just think yeah his primes being wasted and I would like I would love to see him back in Vancouver back on home soil
And I would like I would love to see him back in Vancouver back on home soil
Guys before we continue I want to talk to you about Lucy the greatest nicotine pouch in the game Lucy is the obvious choice for the true nicotine pouch connoisseurs
That's why they're the official nicotine pouch partner of barstool sports
Lucy pouches go up to 12 milligram in strength and have a unique shape that feels great and Lucy breakers
That's the game changer.
That's the game changer guys. I'm telling you, it's the only pouch with a hydration capsule inside.
There are totally new kind of pouch only available from Lucy. I keep talking about espresso,
just that morning coffee with a Lucy Breaker espresso top lip. Oh my god, I could cry thinking
about it. And each Breaker's
pouch contains a hydration capsule that you crack open with your teeth before
tossing it in your lip. The capsule releases a burst of flavor and helps
release nicotine faster for an experience that you cannot find in any
other pouch. Gas station pouches get the job done but once you've tried Lucy you
won't want anything else in your pocket. Get Lucy shipped straight to your door.
Visit lucy.co.chiclets.
That's lucy.co.chiclets.
Use promo code CHICLETS to get 20 off your first order.
Subscribe for another 15 off.
And shipping is always free.
Lucy right now.
lucy.co.chiclets.
In fairness, the Islanders are now one game over 500
for the first time since November 14th.
So they're not like a bottom five team in the league.
It's more just like, this is gonna be the same
the next four years probably.
We're gonna sound like a broken record,
but that's not the only team in the East
dealing with fan issues.
It is.
I've been- The library.
I've been saying this from the fucking mountain tops forever. You have been, you know, with fan issues. Is. I've been a library. I've been, I've been saying this from the fucking mountain tops forever.
Have been like you said this before.
It was even a thing.
I think Jason Demers hopped on it recently.
Uh, there's this guy who goes viral all the time, who actually got cock blocked
by a beer brand for doing the cellies at home.
You G you'll probably have his name that you could pull up, but he's always got
the Leafs jersey and gear on. His basement's fucked.
His basement.
With the guy who wears a helmet and gloves
in his basement?
Yeah, and he wore it to the game the other night.
I think he has like 500 jerseys in his basement.
He posted a video in the lower bowl,
trying to get everybody going,
and they were just like, shut up.
Yeah, the manager.
And it's a snooze fest,
and I don't think it's gonna get any better.
In fact, I think it's gonna get worse.
I was talking with my buddy, Jeff Jacobson,
and he's like, man, with the economy and everything,
I think it's the only people who can show up
to Leafs games right now are rich people to begin with.
And given the way Canada's going,
it's going to get quieter and quieter,
and Matthews was not happy.
We should probably roll the quote of him talking about
Ryan Reeves' first fight, trying to get that building
in the team ignited.
With Olivier too, like another heavy.
You think like New York,
like the bottom row there is all suits, and it's loud.
It's loud.
Since when can rich people not scream and cheer?
I don't know.
I don't know if they got Coke-Daw
and they just like can't open it and get loud enough.
Too stressed out. Maybe they got L5S1 problems. got coke to rest oh I can't open it and get loud enough but to stress though
maybe they got l5s one problems let's roll that clip from Austin Matthews
though you like to love to see that would like a little more energy you know
from the crowd after that I thought you know it was a little quiet tonight
especially after you know a guy you know two guys like that go at it you
know but it was I think a great moment for him thought gave us some energy on
the bench and obviously you know he's been looking for one for a while so you
got to give kudos to the guy on the other side as well. I mean so there you
have it I think it's bullshit a great scrap with Olivier so shout out to Revo
for finally getting his first one in and talk about tough customers to break the ice with your first season.
Leafs fans were they like upset by that? Were they like...
Leafs fans? Yeah like like upset by Matthew Santor or is it more Leafs fans that are like
I know I know we can't go to the game. No because I saw them in Ottawa. Bingo I
was just gonna mention that so then all the videos and pictures from Ottawa fans being like this is bullshit where least
fans the hardcore ones they travel and for a flight hotel and tickets it's
cheaper than even getting in the lower bowl in Toronto so all the hardcore
noisy ones they go on the road and they went to their Battle of Ontario mate in
Ottawa and basically took over the other night on Saturday night
ended up losing the game I believe 2-1 but nonetheless like there are hardcore
Leafs fans they've just been priced out so all you suit fucks that won't take
our advice start giving up your tickets if you're gonna bring no energy. Well my
thing is like I went to a heat game the other day and I'm a Celtics fan they
were playing I don't even know, San Antonio or something.
Like if you go to a sporting event,
like are you too cool to cheer?
Like I was up cheering, like shit going on.
Like no one is, like if you're going to a sporting event,
you go to cheer on your team or boo the other team.
Like you've got to be involved in it,
be invested a little bit.
It's not a work meeting.
You're going to-
I think so many of them are work meetings.
I think Toronto and I think a little bit. It's not a work meeting. You're going to. I think so many of them are work meetings. I think Toronto, and I think a lot of arenas,
like it is, you're bringing clients,
you have those tickets to bring clients,
show them a great night, and you're sitting there talking,
and yeah, I agree with you.
You're trying to close a deal.
The guy throws some nachos on the ice.
What the fuck?
The guy, how'd the meeting go?
The partner got kicked out for throwing nachos.
Corey Perry.
Well, this guy, he brought me to the game,
but he didn't cheer after Revo fought Olivier,
so I left his company.
Tough night for him.
I guess that didn't work out.
Curtis from Alberta is the least-
Curtis from Alberta.
I can't imagine, because Edmonton was nuts with Leafs fans when you were on
the coyotes, it must've been full blown.
Like Chicago and Detroit were probably the worst.
Probably Chicago, especially Chicago.
Vancouver too was bad.
Yeah.
Or Calgary was pretty good, but it was just because, um, there's a lot of
transplants, um, in Arizona from Chicago,
and that was when they were going through their rain.
It was more Toronto when I was here in Florida
that would travel down.
Yes, on the East Coast.
Marner and Joseph Wohl, they were singing with Kygo
on stage the other night.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, it was interesting.
And then I saw a clip of Knives ripping it up at the club.
He was dancing and singing to Tina Turner, I believe what a play. Well, they did a collab song Kygo and Tina Turner
Oh, that was the same night. Yeah nice was at the concert as well. Oh, yeah, go on stage. He didn't go on stage
They're like a mash-up tune with Tina love Tina
You know that Tina Turner didn't become famous and start touring and doing all that till she was about 50 years old. So she met Ike? I don't but it took her later in life so
it's just a little lesson for you people out there it's it's never too late.
It's never too late. It's never too late to get your back fixed. Yeah if
you're 35 years old and you're like I'm not crushing it in my industry yet buddy
most people don't start making big dough and really becoming titans in their workspace till they're 50 60 years old like just take your time be patient put the
hours in stay on the grind david gorgons can't even help the canucks uh adam fantilly scored
a hat trick last week he's like turning into a player which i think everyone knew would happen
but we just want to shout out columbus again seven two and one in their last 10
I think everyone knew what happened, but we just want to shout out Columbus again.
Seven, two, and one in their last 10.
The Washington Capitals had contract talks
with goaltender Logan Thompson.
Pierre Lebrun said this,
the Capitals would like to sign Thompson
before the four nations face off
if negotiations progress well.
The tournament begins September.
Holy shit.
Oh wow, hey Biz.
Breaking in the new time.
Hey Biz, pump the brakes here, buddy.
That's me trying to read.
Do a little deep breathing.
The tournament begins February 12th in Montreal.
What would the deal look like?
No idea.
For goalies now, I can't guess.
I would want to give a goalie like five million a year.
I swear to God, I know the best guys are making nine, 10,
but the position's bizarre.
One year you're nasty, the next year you stink,
besides like four guys.
So I'm really not like that confident
and Logan Thompson all of a sudden,
I'm giving him like six years times six a year.
I was literally just gonna say,
I would consider giving him with his athleticism
if it were to command that.
I think six times six would be a fair number.
He's pretty young too.
Six, yeah.
He needs a lot of years for a goalie.
Yeah, it's more the term that you worry about.
Yeah, and I guess you also,
if you're the Washington kind of worry,
you did give Darcy Kemper the five times five.
27.
And that kind of backfired on him.
So yeah, maybe they can kind of,
yeah, maybe they could keep him
under that 6 million number.
But I mean, based on what he's done so far this year,
his numbers suggest that he deserves a lot more
than five, six million.
Was that him or Lindgren in Vancouver Saturday night?
You see that save?
They were pulling him.
I think it was Lindgren.
It was Lindgren.
They were pulling him to get the extra guy on the ice
and he pulled back and just made a diving, unreal save.
If he wasn't a silly-sider, I don't know if he saves that.
Right?
Or I guess you could throw the blocker out,
but it was a pretty cool video.
I think based on what he's been through
and moving around and what he went through
with the trade from Vegas,
I think that he would probably take a team friendly deal.
I bet you he's just happy to be in the mix
and being able to start a lot of games these days.
So who knows?
I totally jinxed Team Sweden's goaltending situation when I mentioned last week that we really hadn't had like an injury.
And I was actually more speaking of Team USA and Team Canada, but then boom, Team Sweden gets hit with a Four Nations guy getting injured.
Jacob Markstrm is out for a little while for the Devils, so they're going to really rely on Jake Allen for a bit here, but that sucks for Marki.
We had talked to him this year. He was so excited about the tournament. He would have been their starting goalie. And
then also, Ulmar, you don't want him going if you're Ottawa, right? So like, I don't
know what they're going to do with the goaltending situation there. The NHL is starting to think
about life without Gary Bettman. The Athletics, Michael Russo and Chris Johnson had an article
where they talk about basically that it's not imminent,
but in the next few years,
Gary Bettman will be taking a step back.
Who should the next commissioner be?
Do you guys have any?
I put my resume in.
You did?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's all about the clits.
Say Bill Daley, right?
I don't think, from what I hear, he's not interested in that.
Oh really?
Yeah, that's what I heard.
It could be a rumor boys thing,
but I mean that would be the the obvious choice. He's been you
know hand-in-hand with Gary for a long time and I'm sure they share a lot of
the same values and philosophies and I mean say what you want about Gary there's
some definitely some things that he's missed on but he's helped grow this
league to to a very healthy place and he deserves to be commended for that.
I just don't know enough about who they would want taken over.
I mean, would Steve Maher be a guy that does it?
I know he's kind of more involved on the entertainment side of the NHL and how that's taken in.
That's a big thing for the league to make their money is, you know, those TV deals and
stuff like that is getting.
Right.
Yeah, I don't know.
Don't forget that.
Gary Batman came, he was from the NBA.
Yeah.
So maybe they look outside the league and they look at somebody who's just crushing
whatever they're doing and being a CEO or president of another industry or something.
I don't know.
That is a good question.
My thought process would be that he would stick around to solidify all the next TV deals, and then he's done.
Because the Sportsnet deal is up at the end of next year,
that really big one they signed.
My guess would be is he's going to try
to do it kind of like the American market, where
you have ESPN carrying it, TNT carrying it, where I think
that it would probably
be Sportsnet, TSN, and maybe-
Amazon.
And Amazon as players where there's way more access.
Because you look at TSN, they have an incredible panel
and they have a lot of talented people where
they're not being able to get as much access to the games
as Sportsnet is based on that deal.
I think for the growth
perspective of the game to snap it around more to all the networks, including obviously
Amazon who's going to become an even bigger player. I think that's going to be his approach.
That's going to be what he locks in and then he's going to say, hey, see you later. So
I would assume probably what? Three years from now?
Three years. Yeah.
I think it's now time to throw to Pat Maroon.
And guys, we've had Pat on this show,
I think like three or four times,
but the first time he ever came on with us,
it was a joint interview with Cam Jansen.
And then every other time he came on,
it was like mid-bender after winning the cup
15 years in a row.
This interview is unreal.
Pat goes in to tell a story that I had never heard
about his time with the Philadelphia Flyers organization
and what happened to him there.
This is a great interview and message
to a lot of younger kids,
and it was an awesome sit down a few weeks ago in Chicago.
So we're gonna send him right now,
and I highly recommend listening.
Pat Maroon.
Before we go any further, I wanna talk about DraftKings.
This ain't that little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl.
This is the Super Bowl.
Get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook,
an official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59.
Scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting
the Vince Lombardi Trophy, and you have a shot
to score big by betting on them at DraftKings Sportsbook,
the number one place
to bet touchdowns.
Are you ready to place your first bet?
Try betting on something simple like a player to score six.
Go to the DraftKings Sportsbook app and make your pick.
And new DraftKings customers can bet 5 to get 200
in bonus bets instantly.
A 5 bet, all of a sudden you got 200,
you can bet on your
favorite player to score a touchdown. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app
and use code CHICKLETS. That's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S for new customers to
get 200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet just five bucks. Only on DraftKings
Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Void in Ontario. New customers only. Bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co slash audio.
We are pleased now to be joined by a very good friend of the show,
good friend of all of ours, and a new guy in the media landscape while playing.
Yeah, don't take my job.
The big rig, Patty Maroon, what's going on buddy?
What's up fellas, how are we?
Yeah, we're doing great, thanks.
Thanks for swinging by, you got the winter classic
coming up, we're in Chicago.
But we were talking right beforehand that once a week
you've been going on Morning Cup of Hockey
with Colby Cohen and Johnny Lazarus.
Have you enjoyed that, kind of just chatting about the game
in the league while still playing?
Yeah, I have.
Honestly, it just gets away from the game a little bit.
Just talk about the game, enjoy it.
You get to watch more hockey like you guys.
I mean, I haven't watched more hockey than I have this year.
Really?
Yeah, I tune in a lot because, I mean, obviously,
they're going to cue me up with something.
Yeah, you don't want to sound stupid like me.
I don't want to sound stupid.
I should probably start watching more, too.
I look at the Twitter feeds all the time,
see what's going on around the league,
but I really like it, I enjoy it,
so maybe it's something I embrace after hockey.
Well, we were saying that you'd be perfect
as a guy who doesn't look like the Hawks
are gonna be in the playoffs this year,
but like a guy who would hop on during the playoffs,
TNT or ESPN or something, I think you'd be great at that.
Yeah, it was great, I just had a beer with Wayno
over Christmas. Yeah, because he was in St just had a beer with Wayno over Christmas.
Yeah, cause he was in St. Louis, yeah.
What was he doing there?
He lives there.
Yeah, he lives there part time.
Oh no shit, Janet's mom lives there.
In the summertime he lives there
and he goes back there for Christmas
cause Janet's mom's 103, so.
Wow.
Still going.
Still going, it's awesome.
So I got the chance to have a beer with him
and he was talking about it.
What's great here is you're with your son, Anthony, right?
Yeah, Anthony.
So big kid.
Last time I saw him, he was just tiny,
but now he's turned into a really good player,
drafted by the London Knights
and playing for the Long Island Gulls.
That must be cool to watch.
Yeah, it's awesome.
Obviously watching him grow up,
he just started loving the game though,
literally I would say three years ago.
It just started taking off. He was just okay.
Didn't really find a passion or love for it.
And then all of a sudden something click.
I don't know what happened.
And I just, he took off in the last, I say a year and a half,
he's been taken off of this game.
So it's been fun to watch as a dad to watch your kids succeed.
And, you know, try to follow, you know, the little man's
footsteps, but I always tell him it's hard, man.
It's, it's, it takes, it's a marathon. It's not a sprint. So we just had Shane Pinto on it.
He talked about how he wasn't really hockey
obsessed until about 15.
And then he obviously dove in hardcore.
So it was nice.
He got to be a kid and where now he's a little bit
more hyper-focused on it, obviously making a big
commitment by moving away from home.
And he's actually living with Josh Bailey in Long
Island.
Yeah.
So thanks to them, Meg and Josh Bailey have done a great job of taking away from home, and he's actually living with Josh Bailey on Long Island.
Yeah, so thanks to them, Meg and Josh Bailey
have done a great job of taking him on,
and he loves it, they have three kids,
the two boys love having Anthony there,
shinny sticks all day.
Just cleaning up all the Kleenex, and oh yeah, just.
I walked in, I went to his house,
and Meg's folding his clothes, I'm like,
Aunt, you're 16, like, come on, do your own. I'm like, aunt, you're 16.
Like, come on, do your own laundry, man.
Oh yeah, you got it.
You got it. You got it.
He's handing her his dishes after he eats.
What the fuck is it?
Would you like that as a kid?
Like not, or from when you started,
you were full blown and wanting to play in the NHL
or did it hit you at a later age?
No, I wanted to play roller hockey.
Yeah, that's true.
You just want to make it to the NHL.
If the roller hockey had a NHL league, I'd be McDavid.
Well, they had the beach league.
Would you?
So you're still going in the summers.
You love it.
You don't see my highlight reel?
I see him on Instagram.
It's probably nice, because it's a little bit different.
You get to be a star there, and you keep up with the cardio,
which is something you desperately need.
Ah!
Yeah, I don't come off the ice.
It's kind of nice.
I play the whole game.
Okay.
Nice.
It's not like me and you when we're sucking up four or five minutes.
Oh yeah.
Fuck.
I would freezing on the bench.
Yeah.
I would have sucked a dick for five minutes.
I was just lucky to get in the line.
We were joking this morning.
I had more healthy scratches in my career than games played.
That's crazy.
I know it's nuts.
Crazy.
At least your pension's looking nice. Yeah. It didn't matter. The checks are still clearing. So it was played. That's crazy. I know, it's nuts. Crazy. At least your pension's looking nice.
Yeah, it didn't matter.
The checks are still clear and so it was great.
It was great.
But do you think playing roller hockey,
that had to make your hands so silky,
because you've always had great hands,
just from all that stuff playing on the rollerblades
growing up.
I think it helped me a lot.
I mean, I fell in love with it right away.
So my best friend, his dad owned a roller hockey rink
in our neighborhood, so we went there there and now my uncle took it over.
Oh really? Yeah so it's, I've played it since I was four years old. That's all I
loved and I hated ice hockey. I hated going to practice. I hated going to dry
land. I was like I just want to go play roller hockey and just have fun. Like
screw all this commitment bullshit. So I just loved it you You know, I just every in the summertime,
it was funny every day from Monday through Friday,
I would go up there, my dad would give me three bucks
and I would stay from, you know, 10 a.m. to four.
My dad would come pick me up and I would just use
those three bucks for Cheetos and a soda.
I had to sit there and drink that all day.
You get some electrolytes in you.
Would there be a, like you mentioned your best buddy and then there's a bunch of
other kids your age, just play games.
We'd go up there, play one on one, two on two.
It was fun.
So that's how I got the liking of the game.
And then when I made the AAA blues, I got cut three times and then finally made it.
And then Jeff Brown pulled me into his office.
It's actually a good story.
You guys know Jeff Brown, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He pulled me in his office. He's like, yeah. He looked at know Jeff Brown, right? Yeah, yeah. So he pulled me into his office.
He's like, yeah.
He looked at my dad.
He's like, your son's too slow to play forward, so I'm going to play him at D.
You were a defenseman?
I was a defenseman.
I couldn't picture you as a D man.
I can't even picture you skating backwards.
He couldn't.
He couldn't.
It lasted a day.
You just let guy goes around you so he could pivot and skate forward after.
He just wanted to move the puck up. Yeah. It lasted a day. You just let guy goes around and see if he could pivot and skate forward after.
He just wanted to move the puck up.
But yeah, I played D all the way, like my Pee Wee year, all the way up to my major junior year.
So he, was he probably the biggest, uh, like help for your development, Jeff Brown?
I would say him and Kelly Chase.
Yeah.
Chaser's been like his second father.
Really?
He's been my go-to guy.
He's the one, the first one that saw me and believed in me and took a liking to me.
And, um, every time when our team moved to St. Louis for the bandits, he would have,
you know, the blues GM come watch or other players can watch.
And what do you think of this kid?
I think he's going to have something special in his game.
And no way.
Um, and I, I would say he's probably the reason why I got drafted.
He called Paul Holmgren and was like, you need to take this kid.
And he's always been so close to me and he's always believed in me and he's
always been there for me.
So it's, it's one of those things.
Like you guys said, you just need someone in your corner to like you or take a
liking to you, to get you through that process and get you to that next step.
And he was the only one that really,
and Jeff Brown obviously was one of the reasons too,
but Kelly's the one that threw his fucking body on the line.
Were you scrapping a lot back then?
Were you playing that game?
Because I thought you would have made the perfect flyer.
I played against you when you were playing for the Phantoms.
And you were a yappy, you were a piece of shit
to play against and I was surprised
that you never got called up there
where you ended up going over to Anaheim, right?
Yeah, I mean, obviously, I don't know if you guys know
that story about me getting sent home,
but obviously it didn't end well in Philly.
I got sent home and I was on my couch for three months
before I got traded to Syracuse
and I thought my career was over
I'd have my son Anthony's here now. I have a
Not even a two-year-old and I'm fucking calling my dad. It's my third year my entry-level contract
So I'm like trying to go overseas. That's crazy. They want to learn they happen to me. Yeah during season
They want to send me down to the coast. They want to do anything with me. So
Shit, I went to my agent at the time, Aline Wah,
said go out east.
So my mom's from New Jersey.
So I went out to my aunt and uncle's house
and I just stayed there and I was just skating
with Montclair State.
No way.
Partying up with them in their dorm,
sleeping in their dorm rooms.
That's crazy.
I thought my career was over.
I was like, this sucks.
I'm calling my dad.
I was like, I'm coming home. Like this sucks. Do you not want to say what happened the third year of my entry level is when I got yeah
But that wasn't midseason that was at camp, right? Yeah, it was it was at camp and I ended up going to skate that
What was it Western seven for seven? Yeah, we're not going there
It was during frost week. So it's the perfect way to go over to university
Well, yeah, but so so like you just went skated there,
tried to stay in shape.
Obviously you were probably having a little bit of fun too.
What was the reason that you guys had the falling out?
There was this one, we had a dry land
and this is the only time I ever been late in my career
and I was barely late.
I was a fucking half a second late.
And my roommate at the time, Ryan Dingle,
which I'm fucking still mad about it. We went out the night before.
He doesn't wake me up before he leaves.
Oh, that's bullshit.
So love him.
Great roommate, great guy.
But I'm like, God damn it.
Why didn't you just wake me up?
So they rushed my gets to the dry land.
I show up.
I'm late.
I'm still a young kid.
So, you know, the flowers organization,
it's old school.
My, like, they didn't like that.
And it just, whatever.
The falling out there, Greg, me and Greg Gilbert, the head coach
really didn't get along that well.
And listen, I was a punk.
Like I was seeing other kids getting called up.
I didn't, I didn't know.
Like you don't learn until like you're truly get to that next level to be a
veteran, how to be a pro and how to be a good teammate.
And I see, I saw their side of it.
And then another incident with, we go up,
we had to do a power skating, and I was like,
this is fucking bullshit.
Like, why am I coming in here at 7 a.m.?
Like, why isn't anyone else coming in?
Like, it just felt like punishment a little bit,
and I was taking it the wrong way.
I was just like, them trying to help me a little bit,
and I still remember it the wrong way. I was just like them trying to help me a little bit, and I still remember this day.
I mean, there's more to the story, which is off topic,
but there's, I go get called in,
we bus in to Bridgeport,
and we get in at fucking four in the morning.
Me and Andrea Snow are only two of us on the board.
We go put our, you know how you bring your gear
and hang it up yourself?
Seven a.m., Pat Maroon and Andreas and all
will come to the rink.
We come in, we ride the bike, and then we just go on ice
and they're just fucking skating us laps.
No pucks.
No pucks, and finally I just snapped.
I'll just tell you a story since morning,
I shot a puck.
At the coach?
In the vicinity. In the vicinity. It's in the vicinity, in the vicinity. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I think that's assault, brother.
I think that was the last straw.
But this was also the year after you had 75 points in the AHL, right?
No.
Well, after?
Yeah.
Did you, did you, had you lit up the, the one year you had in the
AHL was insane was just before or after that?
After that.
So you're already like, why? Yeah.
You've put nine goals in nine games that year in October and then I get sent home.
So, and then you're seeing these others guys get called up.
Yeah.
We've all been there as like you said, these young punks and we think, you know, it's our turn.
And maybe they didn't like the attitude at that point. So just the constant butting heads and
then that boiled over and then all of a sudden
you're fucking.
Yeah, and then I got, we had practice the next morning
and the video coach is like, hey, GM's on the phone.
I was like, I'm getting called up, this is great.
Nope.
You're going to Montclair State.
I'm going to Montclair.
And who was the GM then?
Paul Holmgren.
And he just said, go home.
He said, you're never wear a flyers uniform ever again.
What?
That's a panic, dude.
Yeah, it was a hard drop.
Yeah, I was embarrassed.
I was more embarrassed, man, because I was a father.
Say Anthony, I was just embarrassing him.
Everything I worked for, you know,
I wanted him to have a great life.
And it's just like, I embarrassed my mom and dad.
Like, that's not how they raised me.
So it was tough for me in the beginning, but it was good.
John Paddock called me, cause he was was my coach my first year in the American.
He was like, Hey man, keep your head up.
We'll sort this thing out.
Obviously two months later I get traded in December to Syracuse, but man, it
was, I wish in time now I can take back what happened because I'm embarrassed.
I was, I was, that's not how I want my career to be
Yeah, but you know what's cool from that is like there's a lot of kids who don't learn from it
And you did like you you realized I fucked up and then look look at what's happening
So it's pretty sweet to see but I guess when you got to syracuse, did you look at it?
Like hey, I fucked up like i'm gonna be a different person and a different player now
Like did you know like going in there, this is kind of the last chance?
Yeah, this was my last straw.
Like, I had to go in there, and it was funny.
This is actually...
We go in, Mark Hollock was the coach.
I sent his offer. He goes, I don't know what you did,
but we just traded for Trevor...
We just traded Trevor Smith back the other way.
He was our best forward.
Oh, no, no pressure.
And that was it.
And now you go, all right, thanks.
Well, at least you know that means I'm gonna play.
Yeah, I mean, it worked out well.
But like you said, when I got there,
I was like, fuck man, this is it for me.
Because your entry level contract,
they might not qualify you, so like.
That's what I was worried about.
Yeah.
And then other teams maybe hear about the attitude problem
where you being a punk and they're like,
well, we have enough draft picks and other guys.
And at that point, I hadn't really accomplished anything,
even in the American hockey,
not even close to the amount you,
I was basically playing in the coast that entire time.
That year you got sent home was also your contract year?
It was the third year of my entry level.
And I went from being sent home to all of a sudden,
halfway through the year, I'm now playing forward,
a completely different position.
I'd never played before and fighting and they
were calling me like Todd Richards was the head
coach, they were calling me Biz Richards,
because all of a sudden the head coach then loved me.
So it was a complete 180.
And like you said, like something and an
experience like that will definitely like make you learn.
I mean, you look forward here though, Patty,
I think we were just checking it out before you came in.
I think over 160 playoff games, you had, you
had 98 in a four-year span when
you won three Stanley Cups. So what a fucking world win from, from that moment there looking,
looking to what you've accomplished now. Yeah. I mean, it's been nuts and like, listen, we all
want to play in that NHL. We all want to fucking, you know, but we don't realize how good it is when
you're in the American league and you're still grinding it out and you're enjoying the bus rides
because those are the fucking dog days. Yeah.
Those are the days you have to sacrifice and fucking put your head down and just fucking work hard, be a good teammate.
And that was the thing. I just,
you get a little taste of it, you get a little taste of getting points and then all of a sudden you see other guys.
We don't realize like now it's like game has changed like when I, when Trent Yanni took over for me
and that was a year I had 70, I think 79 points,
in the American league, he's like,
hey man, if you want to play in the NHL,
you gotta start fighting.
He's like, ah.
Because you're not gonna be able to do this
at the next level.
The next level.
And I just started fighting in the American league,
and then Bob Murray took a like into it and called me up.
So Trent Yanni has a big role into that too.
Like he was just always had my back, he believed in in me and he's like, just start fighting, man.
Show toughness and fight and fight.
So I had 162 PIMs that year with my points.
And those are some hard bus rides though, like learning the hard way.
Because there were some tough guys in the American faculty.
And at the time in Syracuse, did they still have the Zenin Canopkas and the Derrick Dorsey?
No, we had Marasty.
Okay, John Nasty.
We had Nasty.
So was he helping you out learning the ropes and how to grapple?
Yeah, but I'm still a terrible fighter.
Sam, I was brutal.
I was terrible.
Just did it to survive.
I just fucking eat punches.
Just eat them.
You're willing to do it though, which is fucking half the battle.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, that's the thing.
You got to take a liking to it because when I think now,
we were just talking before we were on air,
it's the game has changed.
Like no one wants to adapt to the NHL anymore.
Like these kids wanna get up
and they wanna fucking go right away
and like be first line.
Like eat your eight minutes right now,
and you'll get rewarded.
Look at Marshawn.
Like you'll get rewarded.
You'll get rewarded.
And it just fucking drives me nuts now
that like no one wants to do that
And it honestly pisses me off because like you guys you can make such a good living
If you just eat your minutes now and fucking sacrifice just fucking half of it
The team staff loves you even more they're like this kid just grinded the the
Management's like this kid's a beast like he's not whining
He's not complaining makes them want you to be even better and better like they're looking for you to take a bigger step
Because of how you've approached being a third and fourth liner 100 and the game's not tough anymore
So like just go run around and fuck it. No who cares?
Said and done though like it is easier said than done
I agree because it's so easy to sit back being retired back
Why isn't this guy just go fuck it start running people, but I never did it and there were plenty of coaches
That told me to do it. It's just it's a lot harder than it looks but but going I'm looking right now
So that year when you got to Syracuse you lit it up
You actually played unbelievable, but then the next two years it was AHL all those years, too
Like yeah, you still probably had a little bit of like two years later,
like I don't know if I'm ever gonna make it.
And you were producing.
Yeah, I mean it was tough, but like you said,
like I said before and like you guys said,
sometimes you just gotta fuckin',
your time will come, right?
You don't know when, but I ended up playing two games,
so I got a taste of it that one year at 79,
so that was fun to get a taste of it.
And my dad always said when I left the game against Chicago,
he's like, no one's ever gonna take that game away from you.
So he's like, just embrace that moment.
He's like, you did what you had to do to get here.
Look where you came from.
He's like, if you don't play another game,
you can say you played one game.
How has it been for you evolving now as basically a mentor? I know you're on the on the back nine and that's not an insult that's been a hell of a ride.
No I am on the back nine. You might be on 17, 18 right now. You might be on 19 actually. I mean, hey, you're still getting, hey,
still riding on the private jet.
I need the clown to yell at me.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not done yet.
Fuck you clown.
Oh fuck.
But I mean, you're a mentor now.
So is a lot of it communicating to these younger players
and helping them evolve in their careers
as well as protecting them?
Yeah, for sure.
I think the biggest part for me is just
showing my leadership and playing the right way
and making sure if a young guy gets called up,
he's on my line, hey listen, this is your job.
If you stay, just fucking don't pout.
And we'll get our minutes, if we play well,
we'll get our minutes, but just do our job.
Get pucks in, work hard, win our puck battles,
don't get scored on, little things that like, you know, on the fourth line.
If you get scored on, you're done.
That's it.
You're painted.
Yep.
And I just, we, I just gotta, you know,
try to resonate with them because I know they wanna
go out there and produce and do all those things,
but I say if you play the right way and work hard,
we'll produce, but you gotta have patience.
I think that's the biggest thing,
you gotta have patience in this game,
and especially for young kids.
Like right now I have this Lucas Reichl,
he's gonna be a stud.
He's been on my line all year,
and he's been adapting so well.
That's been fun to see.
His attitude's good.
His attitude's great, he loves it.
That's why you invited him over for Christmas?
I did invite him over.
That was cool. You know, he's a good kid. You know, he's German, he loves it. That's why you invited him over for Christmas? I did invite him over. That was cool.
You know, he's a good kid.
You know, he's German.
He was on Christmas by himself, so I just said,
hey, why don't you just come to Christmas with me
and, you know, enjoy it and, you know,
get away from Chicago, get away from the game.
Because listen, like I said, like, he wants to play.
He wants to be on the top line,
but he's been playing so good right now for us
and he's been good in his role
Now he's getting PK time now. He's getting power play time. So now he's things are starting to roll for him
So he's still on the fourth line
But so he's getting more touches and more looks and he's his game is just involved over the you know over the course of 35 games
So it's been fun to watch and I really enjoyed it and I really enjoyed you know
If a kid gets called up for my line, he's doing something
Well, it makes you feel happy because like you want to see them, you know succeed so I
Just enjoy doing it now and you know, my role is taking a dramatic turn
But you know, you got to stay in the game somehow and I think got to evolve
Yeah, you got to be leadership and you know be present in some way and help these guys
and who were the guys for you that because I feel like if
You're a guy doing that for the young guys somebody did it for you because it's usually the guys who get treated like shit
Treat the younger guys like shit. So I would imagine that there's someone who helped you out. Well, yeah
I mean, I mean get see imperative were awesome for me and
Getsy and Perry were awesome for me. And team was.
Oh, Saku.
Team was great, Saku was great.
Cogs was awesome for me.
Even Sheldon Sir was awesome.
Like, getting the opportunity to play with those guys.
But even in Anaheim, like when I first got called up,
I was playing up and down.
I was on fourth line, first line.
And those guys just helped me so much.
And like, just to be, just to put your head down
and just work. Like head down and just work.
And I just always learned from those guys and T-MU being so nice to me.
I was driving a Kia and he comes in with a Dodge Ram,
brand new, fast Dodge Ram.
I think it was a SVT or something,
one of those fast ones.
And he just brought it in.
He didn't even tell me he was doing it.
He's like, hey, here's the keys.
Hey, get rid of that key.
And stuff like that that just,
people that go out of their way to help you,
and T-MU all the time would invite me out to dinner
on the road.
And you just learn stuff from guys like that
that appreciate the young guys.
And I think that's the biggest thing you want to make the young guys feel
comfortable and make sure they can come in and say good morning to you.
You know, like you said, there's fucking dicks out there that don't even say
hi to you in the morning.
These young guys are just like petrified.
So I just think, you know, learning from those guys have, have made me
evaluate myself in a way where I need to do that myself.
So it's, you know, and it's been fun for me to do it a way where I need to do that myself. So you know what?
And it's been fun for me to do it because I enjoy it
and I embrace it a lot.
And it's cool to see how much it means to the guys.
It's like nothing for you, but then you see it makes a guy
feel that much better who might be a little uncomfortable
or young and not confident.
It's like, oh, I can make a difference in this kid's life
the way T-Mu did to me.
Yeah, 100.
I think swagger too.
You come into the rink, you feel a little more confident as a younger guy.
And I think if you have swagger in the room, you're going to have swagger on the ice.
I think if young guys have swagger in the room and have confidence and like have that
mentality, like, all right, like I, you know, and I make them feel comfortable and confident,
I think that translates on the ice.
And I think that's a huge thing.
This is your eighth team. That's not a chirp either,
suitcase. Ninth.
Ninth, oh nine, I'm sorry.
Well, I'm an NHL team. Oh yeah.
Yeah, sorry.
Is this your first experience with a first overall pick
in a phenom like Bedard?
Or had you? McDavid.
McDavid. Oh, that's right.
Okay, so you went through it before.
I had 27.
Not a big deal, eh?
27 and 50. Backdoordoor tap ins. How's it
been with him? It's been good. Listen, I mean, it's hard for
these young guys. I mean, it's hard for these young guys to
come in, but it's been fun to watch Connor and you know, play
his game and his skill and his, his vision, his work ethic and
everything he has that comes with him
I mean everything you see is pretty advertised on him. So it's it's been fun. Obviously
He's been teeter-totting a little bit this year, but I think you know, he'll find his way, you know
This league's hard and I think he's got to realize that it's a hard league and he matches up against every top line and every top D parent.
So it just gets harder and harder for these guys.
But he's going to be a hell of a player in this league and I can't wait.
These are the times where you see these players that hit it, it's how they come out of it.
He's been doing a good job of handling himself this year.
Because listen, I'm sure he wants to be scoring at
Will right now, but you know, like I said, he's still 19 years old.
Yeah, you're going from like every shift in junior to just like dominating pucks on your
stick and all of a sudden, like you said, you're just going against these guys night
in night out. There's no escaping it. No, like no, no, like no insult to the Chicago
Blackhawks, but you guys don't necessarily have the depth
where he can escape it, right?
So he has to be taking those reps.
And I mean, it's hard, man.
These guys are heavy, especially in the Western Conference.
They're strong, they're heavy.
Yeah, so, but man, he's gonna be a hell of a player.
I mean, listen, like obviously our year's been,
our year right now, but you know, it's hard.
And I mean, you know, losing hockey sucks, right?
And it can probably weigh on some players,
it can probably weigh on him too.
He's a competitor just like all of us,
and he wants to win hockey games.
He wants to be the guy that wins it in overtime
or wins that next player, still is a hockey game for us.
So he's just getting better and better,
but he's handled it so well this year,
and he's gonna be a hell of a
Player man. I just I can't wait to see him evolve, you know as a player
You you brought up that year with Edmonton 27 goals
You brought you brought it up. That's how good McDavid is was there a chance that you play with an acre
Like would you ever offered a contract with them? how how did you end up being traded to Jersey?
I believe from Edmonton. I did yeah, so you were offered a contract turned it down
I know I wouldn't say I turn it down, but me and my agent had talks
And he's like you know keep playing keep finishing out the year is the year after the 27
So my last year of my deal, so he's like, just finish it out. And I listened, I knew where I was at,
like with Connor and Leon and playing with those guys.
Like, listen, like, it's obviously fun.
They can fucking turn shit into something, right?
So, and you know, I wanted to stay, I did.
And it just didn't work out.
Was there a number that was offered to you?
Yeah, three five, 3.5.
3.5 for how many years?
Three years.
But just over 10.
I'd be richer.
Yeah, okay.
But I wouldn't have any jobs.
Maybe not the cups.
Maybe not the cups?
No, but listen, me and my agent talked about it.
I love Al, he's the best.
Obviously, I'm not with him anymore,
but I knew where my number was at and he thought my number was higher and
Maybe we didn't agree on it. We disagreed and I disagreed with him on certain things and
But you know just in there working out and I ended up firing him during free agency because you know
No hired my well I hired my new agent and I guess they were asking
for a high number and I knew where I was at.
Like, I knew I was like a two to two five
to maybe a three million dollar player at that time.
But I also have to consider where I was,
who I was playing with.
So you can't really justify of like,
maybe if I was playing with someone different,
I wouldn't have those numbers, right?
So I think I was in the back of my mind,
like I don't wanna get overpaid and then go somewhere
and then get shit on, right, so I wanted to be in the low,
low high twos, low threes maybe,
but listen, it didn't work out at the end of the day.
I just gotta ask, so like, then you go into that free agency
and then like the number that was originally offered
doesn't come up, like from a personal standpoint, like did that affect you, like was there any like, then you go into that free agency and then like the number that was originally offered doesn't come up from a personal standpoint, like did that
affect you?
Like, was there any like a depression that came with that?
I thought it was over because I was getting nothing.
Into August?
No, I was late.
I was like eight days after free agency.
I didn't have nothing.
I ended up firing my agent.
And then he started working the phones and then we got to a number and
then we started getting offers like New Jersey, 3 million, Arizona, uh, two
years times two seven eight, and then St. Louis is one seven five.
And then, um, I think Philly came in on a one year deal, but I didn't
really have a long-term deal.
It was just more like, and I thought I was going to AZ to be honest with you.
I thought that was a spot.
Um, but I honestly, St. Louis, my son lives there.
I'm from there.
Um, I haven't been with my son for a full year and fuck, I don't even know
how long, so at that time.
So you signed that deal like right away, can you change the mindset or is it maybe something that lingered with you like into that season or were you just happy to be?
Home happy to be playing on a winning team
And then obviously what happened happened where you go on to win three Stanley Cups
And you know you say that you know it was your fate
But like how long did it take you to finally just like let it go and get over it well
My mentality was going to st. Louis and cause I had to meet you in army.
We, he had all the lines out for me and like where he had me, you know, and
he's pegged in and, um, my, that year was supposed to be, okay, let's have
another good year and then get your big deal.
That was supposed to be like my mentality and then our team sucked and I sucked and
Everything kind of fell because I didn't have a goal until January. Oh my god, dude. You're like, I'm really done
I'm really we're in last place and I think
Do that like we talked about the fight and we've had you on and chatted about this has been so long but Sanford and who?
was a Bertuzzo and
so long but Sanford and who was Bertuzzo and
That the the way that that all switched around that quick and Barube comes in like did you guys you knew you weren't a last-place team
But did you know like it happened that fast that quick and get rolling the way it did once you started winning a couple
Like what was the locker room like at the beginning and then towards? Well, we, we knew what Chief was like. We knew what Otter was like.
Those guys would come in the sauna with us
and fucking Chief would be riding the bike.
A little cock-talk.
Yeah.
A little cock-talk, yeah.
What'd you just say?
Cock-talk.
Cock-talk.
But you didn't say it like that.
No, cock-talk, yeah, I said.
He mumbled it.
Cock-talk.
Cock-talk.
Well, I kind of try to say it under my breath
like nobody would hear it, but I'm speaking right into it.
I'm like, I would imagine chiefs got an absolute weapon on him
But like he came in ripped the standings off the boards and he's like listen if you don't work hard for me
You're you're sitting and that was a mentality
He's like we're gonna play the right way and this is how we're gonna play if you don't play like that
Now I don't give a shit like you you're out of line up. And he had that mentality, he wanted edge to our game,
he wanted fucking toughness, he wanted sandpaper hockey,
grind teams down low, play heavy down low.
And it was just like fucking go, go, go, right?
And people taking a liking to that.
And when, I love Zach, I love Bortz,
but that was fucking awesome.
Like we needed that, a little shake up, a a little fight and like they were friends right after that
But I think Zach got a conkey after that. I want to say they let into the to the
The driver oh yeah, he was so oh, yeah, you got beat the Sun beating down on him
but that was you know, that's you know, those are the stories you talk about because, you know, Zach went
through a tough time.
You know, he lost his dad and, you know, he scores the Stanley Cup, he scores a goal
in the Stanley Cup finals in game seven in his hometown.
And boys, yeah.
Like, all that stuff leading up to it gives me chills because, like, you know, obviously
that fight, you can say it was a turning point, but like, all that stuff leading up to it and then seeing that like outer was crying on the bench dude like
It hit like that's real stuff like that's fucking that's emotion like that's like fucking what you think about as a kid
And you know did not have his father there to witness it and to him do that and host the Stanley Cup in his hometown
And a team that's probably he grew up watching, you can't make that shit up.
That's the stuff you fucking dream of.
And for me, it's just that turning point,
and then him doing that was just fucking awesome.
And you can't make up that hometown kid from St. Louis
playing for the Blues, that double overtime game winner
in the second round of game seven I think right?
Yeah, oh my god like thinking back to that game. Did they have any like great chances that that Bennington made a save?
Jamie Ben had a wrap around
Yeah, it was crazy I could run in it just stayed underneath his toe it almost creeped in is crazy
I couldn't believe it. It almost went in. It just stayed underneath his toe. It almost creeped in. It's crazy. I couldn't believe it.
But after that game, but.
What about Cogs?
Cogs had a two on one.
If one on edge, he missed the net completely.
The net was wide open.
In the first overtime?
In the first overtime.
Holy shit.
And then you guys score right off the face off.
Wasn't it an offensive zone face off play?
Yeah, off the face off.
Who's your line for that run?
Thomas and Bozak. Thomas was what, off play? Yeah, off the face off. Who's your line for that run? Thomas and Bozak.
Thomas was what, a rookie?
Yeah, he was good.
He was good right away.
He was good.
He's a sick player.
Bozak's great, just a savvy vet.
I remember last year Kevin Hayes was like,
Robert Thomas is so nasty.
He's like, I don't know if he watches play that much.
This guy's insane.
He's so good.
He's a bit of a throwback too.
He's got the big sausage fingers too.
Huge paws on him.
His legs are huge.
Old school loves his beers.
Oh yeah, throws both ways.
I saw him at the Calgary Stampede.
He was with Chucky and just like,
you could just tell he's like,
as young as he is, he seemed like a wily veteran.
I mean, we've already like touched on your time in Tampa,
but just getting to play with a guy like Kucherov
and the fact that he's doing it year in year out too,
like what a sick puppy that guy is.
He's an assassin.
I mean, he only takes two weeks off after the season,
he gets right back on the ice.
Really?
I skate with him in the summer.
I mean, I'm there, it's just only me, him and Kalorin.
And dude, he-
That's quite the group.
Yeah.
Where you pass him pucks? Yeah, no, that's what we do.
We pass pucks.
He's telling you what to do, where to stand.
No, I call him like, he's like my coach.
Like I've learned so much from him over the past, like few years, man.
He, he's the best player I've ever seen pick up a puck on the wall.
It's insane.
I've never.
On his backhand too.
So he does a drill where you rim it around a hundred times, picks it up, sauce pass over.
It could be a net or it could be anything.
It's like in his power play spot, he'll rim it around, pick it up, turn around, make a
pass.
Like everything's a rim and the way he picks it up and his edge work and everything he
does, it's just like, it's crazy to me how he sees the game and how he visualizes everything,
detail to detail, breaks down every game,
every position he's gonna be in, that's what he does.
That's how he works on his craft.
And it's like, for me, it's fun to watch
because I get to bring Anthony out there
and he pulls Anthony aside and teaches him.
So it's really cool for me to have that experience for him to see you know how he sees the game and man it's it's
impressive man like I've never seen anyone like that before just like the
work ethic and what the time he's putting in is it off ice too as far as
like in the gym as well yeah I mean I think he does I mean but more so with
the on-ice stuff where it's more yeah so he'll go from like 10 to 12 two hours a day
On the on the ice he'll skate by himself to skate by himself, too
So he loves the game
He'll have like the trainer come out and pass pox to him and that's where he puts his nets out and that's
He visualizes everything and he passes pox to the net like he goes to every spot
Where he's gonna like where he's gonna be and like but thes, the way he picks up, the way he turns on pucks, the way he sees it.
His edges are insane. Yeah, there's no wasted motions. No. So on the wall is it
just how he angles his stick so when it hits the toe of the stick it's gonna
bounce a certain way? Yeah, so there's there's a lot of spin on the puck he was
saying. So every time he picks it up it's a stick handle and then a pass so it's where settle it down
So he when he picks it up he turns he makes the puck turn to where he's going
Yeah, you're like. I'm just trying to make my body
Where I want to go so he like picks it up on his if it's his toe
He'll scoop it and I'll angle it to where his feet his position of his body where it's gonna go
It's kind of like when a soccer player
Kicks it cross-field and the way they're able to like hit it with their foot and it just like guys there. Yeah, unbelievable
Yeah, that's oh, yeah when they're accepting of okay knows the where the spins going
Since you're you're getting into the media side
What did you make of the whole Stamco thing and you know, do you think that they maybe?
Should have brought them back?
You think they lowballed them?
Like a little bit of disrespect shown
in the way they handle the situation?
Like how do you view all that?
I mean, I think you have to bring a franchise player back.
You have to make it work.
I don't know.
Obviously you have a good relationship with Coop and Julian,
but to me at the end of the day, a player like that,
a captain, a guy that's been there one, two Stanley cuts for you has every record in the
organization.
Like you have to bring a guy like that back.
I just didn't see why that didn't happen.
It's unfortunate because like you, to me, I think a lot of those guys in that locker
room wanted him back and
Seemed like they wanted to go a different route which to me I didn't like that But you know just being there in Tampa you can see you know guys got really pissed off about it, so
It's unfortunate because obviously I it's so weird steam stammering in Nashville. It just like feels like it's it's not right
I almost want to see him go back.
Yeah, me too.
Well, they realized quick they needed McDonough back.
Yeah.
It's wild.
It's like Shane Doan when he was getting fucked around in Arizona.
I remember, like, there's certain guys in the league that have done so much for organizations.
Like, if he wanted to go play goalie for a year, they should have fucking let him.
You know what I mean?
Like, they screwed around with him there?
They had John Chica meet him at the fucking 38 degrees
or whatever the breakfast place is there.
Great spot.
To basically, unreal.
At least they got him a nice breakfast on the way out.
Fresh coo. No, he OJed the bed.
And they basically were like, yeah, we're good.
Thank you for everything you've done for the,
imagine having a new GM.
I think he was like 30. He was like 30 years old.
Yeah. And they're like, we're done.
And then that was it.
That was how his career with the Coyotes ended.
Unbelievable. I couldn't believe it.
I forgot that.
It was fucking disgusting.
It's disgusting.
At a breakfast joint.
At a breakfast joint.
After everything he'd done.
It's like Jerry McGuire when he brings him
to a populated restaurant,
so you can't flip out when Bob Sugar gases him.
That's probably what he was thinking,
because I couldn't only imagine the restraint on dollar and having put that much time and effort
But also taking team-friendly deals like they didn't have a lot of money there right the league owned the team
Um, I think at that point it had been bought but just yeah
Just it just like didn't sit right right with a lot of people as you mentioned in the locker room
Yeah, it didn't at all and the city. Yeah
Um, fuck one of your one of your 15 stops was, Minnesota
You suitcase
But you got to see Kapri soft another Paul's he was just talking about him
He says he's just a machine and you talk about the details to Kuturov his game the same thing with Kapri soft
Yeah, I would say it's the same. They're different styles of players
I feel like I would I don't I would say it's the same. They're different styles of players, I feel like.
I don't know if they're like the same style,
but Kaprizov is the way he fucking 10 and twos it
and the way he gets around the puck and skates,
the motion, he gets in the offensive zone.
But he sees the game so fucking well, man.
Like he's like, does that one touch pass off the rush.
Like it's the little things that he does.
I mean, he's fun to watch.
I mean, it's different though, because I feel like cooch is more of a glider like smooth, you know
Sees effortless
resource more of a ball ball like he fucking
Engages and fucking finds places, but he when he gets zipping around that ozone dude. It's fucking sick
tornado
And you got Zuccarell just sitting in the corner.
He zips it across.
Sticks five feet.
And then Zuc zips it right back.
But his ten and two and the way he can get around guys and the way he can fucking create
offense for himself, it's impressive.
The one-on-ones, he goes one-on-one, there's no doubt he's either getting shot or he's
scoring. So I think the way he does that stuff is pretty unique
Faber had a legendary rookie year like just for you like wow like I can't believe how good this kid is this early this young
He's a stud. Yeah, the way he can skate because that's what everyone mentions when they talk about him is his skating where he's got
The big legs and it's just like you hear it
Like cutting into the ice. He's a machine, dude, I don't even think he gets tired.
Really?
No.
He's a machine, I mean his goal last night was nasty.
Yeah.
But he's just, the way he defends,
the way he fucking, he plays hard too.
Not that big either.
He's not that big, but the way he defends,
like one on one, he's always in your face,
like you can never get through him,
he breaks up plays all the time, like like and he can just jump up in the play
It's like so effortless for him, you know that for that four-man rush
I mean, he's out there non-stop and they just create so much offense like that
But I mean he was even on the power play for us last year until the end of the year
I know and he's playing 26 minutes playing 26 minutes did flower ever prank you
Someone was pranking me last year. I just didn't like her sure never found out never
What were they doing? What was there? They take my laces out of my shoes every day
There's a three-time cup champ. That's when you start overreacting
You're like boys no respect and then they were in Velcro shoes, and then they would relace them and put the
upside down upside down
Cool. Yeah
This is me off. It could be Zook. He's how funny is Zook when he
People like he doesn't get talked about as a funny guy imitates guys like like skating around their voices their mannerisms
He's so fucking funny man. The- It could have been him too.
I didn't know who it was, to be honest with you.
Zook would be a guy that would do it
and not tell anyone and everyone's like,
who the fuck is doing this?
And he's just like-
Honestly, I didn't have patience.
I have a bad back, so I was like, fuck it,
I'll slip my shoes on.
I'll just buy new ones.
But the problem is I'd bring a new pair of shoes home
and they'd fucking do the same fucking thing.
And I'm like, fuck off. You're too old, dude, to be getting pranked like that. But you got moved over to Boston, I bring a new pair of shoes home and they'd fucking do the same fucking thing
You're too old dude getting pranked like that Yeah, but you got moved over to Boston got to experience a Maple Leafs Bruins first round. Oh god
I mean that had to be great. It was a panic for a little bit there
But what'd you think of that series and and how intense that was? Yeah, it was great
Dude just playing for Boston's unbelievable. We loved it. Oh, I loved it the
Just the fans the fucking city's great
Actually people are actually friendly in Boston. I was kind of shocked
But you know the organization as a whole is great the players you can see why they're fucking where they're at
You know all those Stanley Cup of parents
They're veteran leadership, and how they handle themselves, but to witness
You know it's funny cuz like all those guys like all we want Toronto. They never beat us and they own Toronto
Yeah, and like everyone was so confident in that room like we're not losing this game like game 7
There's no way we're losing everyone's just like fuck. We're not losing and you feel biz
Like I just think like this is an old for like Jake de brusk Jake de brusk. He was like I own Toronto
That's so fucking great. I own Toronto and he was out of the gates
He came out hot to you score and I was like, this is great
Like these know he does like but obviously was a panic when we're down 3-1
They kind of played really good without Matthews for there for a second
You know they got to their structure they got to their game
But swayma was nasty for us
He you know he stole some games for us, but that game 7 was epic like oh
And it was after pasta been had been called out by Monte too.
Yeah.
And like I don't know if the team ever talked about that
or Pasta said anything, but he of course buries that winner.
He was just, he doesn't really,
that stuff doesn't bother him.
He's like, I gotta be better, I gotta be better.
Who made that pass, was it Lindholm?
Yeah.
That was sick.
Yeah.
That was a sick.
That one goal you went back though busy the first goal which one Lin homes
Oh, yeah, when he walked over the blue that was a squeaker right?
Yeah, the short stories I muffin. Yeah, it was a muffin. I think he just walked inside the blue line
He was like, yeah, it was such a far distant shot. But yeah
That one sucked that one was tough. I thought that was their year, but this year's our year. So it doesn't matter
Jesus did they go up one nothing in game seven? Yeah. Yeah. And then they, and then they responded
within those. Yeah. They were Lander. Yeah. And they responded quick. Yeah, they did. It was within
like a couple of minutes, right? You guys got it right back. And then it was a muffin. What was said,
what was said in a, in between, uh, in periods, like just like same thing, cockiness, like we got these guys right where we want them?
No, yeah, I mean, I've never been in a Boston,
Toronto series, so to have that much confidence
going into the series is fucking awesome.
Obviously we were up 3-1 and we kind of blew it
the last two games there, but I think going in game seven,
everyone had this mentality like well
I meant more so like before the overtime. Oh, yeah, we we knew like we were like alright boys who wants it who's scoring this?
No, I was gonna get a shift
I did get a shift though. You did yeah, I got one how tight was your asshole
We wasn't I was talked you always did I was scored in okay? Yeah, I got one. How tight was your asshole? It wasn't, I almost tucked.
I almost scored.
In OT? Yeah, it was me and pasta, dude.
He put me on pasta, I almost tucked.
He's thinking back to the Blues one.
He's like, Maroon'll bury one for us here.
Florida was just...
You probably were like, they're winning it all.
After that series.
Dude, we played actually really good game one.
Oh, you owned them game one?
Yeah, you guys had a lot.
Great game five too.
Great game five, but if you look back on it,
we were up every game until third period.
Really?
We blew it, game six and game five.
Game six, I remember you blowing it.
Game five, you won.
No, sorry, game four.
What is it, game four at home?
Yes, yes.
Game four at home?
Yes, when they went up three-one.
When they went up three-one.
But we knew, I mean, listen, they're good.
They're fucking, they all play hard.
They run around, they're in your face.
Like, they have that mentality.
They fucking play the same way.
No one changes.
They don't change their
system. They know they're coming in waves. They'll dump it in, hard rim, boom, get it
back, up to the point. They just play solid hockey. There's no fucking, there's no holes
in their game ever. And it's honestly remind me of Tampa when we were going on those runs.
There was no holes in our game. The first line obviously did their thing and then third second third fourth line just
Dump it and go to work dump it and go to work and just fucking our offense will take over and they just stuck with that
I mean, they're fucking hard they come in waves and they fucking hit like trucks
They defend every line's good every line is good and they you know, they had that swagger to them
You know just remind me like I said Tampa that sw to them. Like it fucking piss and vinegar, dude.
They were coming and like just never stop.
And like, obviously the, um, the marshy hit, obviously that kind of fucked
everyone up a little bit.
What were you guys saying about that?
Cause like, I think army was the one who picked it up where people just thought
it was like, yeah, it was accidental contact armies.
Like, no, no, I've seen that.
I've actually done that before.
And then when you guys see that sucker punch, like, were you
hoping for league discipline?
Like, are you guys out for vengeance?
Like what was.
Yeah.
I mean, I didn't see it.
I was on the bench and then Cal's, uh, was like, Hey, you know how there's
TVs in the bucket on the bench.
So they're like, rewind it, rewind it.
Cause they wanted to see it.
And then Marshy went out there,
and he came back, he's like fuck, I don't feel right,
like this fucking sucks.
I'm conked.
Yeah, and then we watched it,
and we're like what the fuck, dude?
And it was tough, because we were in the lead at that time,
so I didn't want to go out there
and fucking do something stupid,
and then they fucking go on the power play
and I'm fucking toast.
And I knew everyone wanted me to do it.
The fucking whole-
It's a no win situation for a guy like you.
You were the guy too that everyone's like,
Maroon's gotta do something.
The fucking whole building wanted me to do something.
Even after the game, everyone was blowing me up,
like why didn't you do anything?
I'm like, listen, we had the lead at that time
and I probably wasn't gonna get another shift in the third period against them anyway.
So we wanted to win the hockey game.
We didn't wanna lose.
So I didn't wanna put them, you know.
And I talked to Monty after.
He's like, dude, dude, it's fine.
Don't fucking worry about it.
We'll sort this thing out.
And then Monty did end up put me out there
against them in game, I don't know, game six.
I don't even know when that happened or game four, but you know, I try, but like
again, like I didn't want to fucking hurt the team.
I didn't want to put the team in jeopardy by any means.
There's no more like vulnerable spot there is to be in that one where you can't
fuck it up and take a penalty and you can't get your vengeance back.
Trust me.
I felt bad.
I texted Marsha. I talked to Marshy on the side.
I wanted to fucking help.
But he's like, dude, don't fucking worry about it.
And it's tough for me because that's,
obviously it's my job, but it's my job to do it
the right way and not fucking fuck up the team, right?
Yeah, if it's game 48, you can take a five minute instigator.
But if it's playoffs, it's a fucking series over.
You know, baseball, swing them like squawked old wits kid. You just drop your gloves at that point You can take a five-minute instigator, but if it's a playoff, it's a fucking series over.
You'll baseball-swing him like Squawtoe wits kid.
You know, you just drop your gloves at that point and chase him around the ring, right?
So I think you take a four-game suspension, right?
I know Frederick tried to go after him this year a little bit, and then Hammond could chuck out in the middle of it, but...
Still an all-time video when Biz was interviewing him or the TNT was interviewing him and he's like,
I didn't mean to do that.
I was like, you should be a lawyer.
If you watch it and you don't laugh, he's like, no, I just, it was totally a lie.
And he's like, I think he believes himself.
Yeah, full-fledged psychopath right there, full-fledged.
Yeah, he meant to do that.
Bennett the Menace, that's why they call him.
He was the most perfect little sucker punch of all time.
I think at the perfect time.
And his hand was broke, so he probably had a little cast
on his hand too.
Oh yeah, metal pegs on his fingers.
Brass knuckles.
Yeah, whoopsie.
Ben at the Menace.
I just wanted to ask you just about the St. Louis thing.
You're kind of a, we're from Boston where it's Ben Hawke,
you guys have been drafted forever,
but you see the growth of St. Louis, what it's become since you've started,
like you must take some pride in that.
Yeah, for sure.
And I think obviously Cam kind of started that Mike McKenna, Paul Stasny,
Chris Butler, um, John Stasny.
Um, I mean, you can, there's a list of guys that kind of like paved the way
for us to like, you know
St. Louis is kind of on the map and then I
Think the the Brady Kachuck draft of like Luke Coon and Brady Kachuck Logan Brown
Kills Clayton Keller. I'm missing one more Trent Frederick was the 30th pick for Boston
I first rounders five first rounders as saying st. Louis and then Joseph Wall was a second or third rounder to
Toronto. So we had this like a pavement of kids that just came out of nowhere.
And I think it's because all the alumni stay, they all stay in St. Louis.
They love St. Louis and, um, they help with minor hockey.
They coach minor hockey and they help these kids get to the next level.
So, I mean, it's been fun to watch, man.
Like, all these kids, I feel like I play a new team,
and there's a St. Louis kid on there now.
So, that kind of helped, I mean,
those guys are now paving the way.
Like, the Kellers of the world, the Fredricks of the world,
Luke Kuhnen, like, those guys are paving the way.
They're doing a great job.
Like, Kelz is a stud, man.
I don't think he gets enough recognition.
He's fucking.
He's really dug in every facet.
All the stuff he does off the ice,
from mental coach to training to diet,
it's just like he's all in.
Yeah, no, I love watching him.
And I would imagine he's probably got a pretty big chip
on his shoulder after not being named to the Four Nations.
Oh, you think he should have been named?
I just think that like, I think that he cares a lot.
I think USA is kind of iffy.
I think that it's gonna light an even bigger fire
underneath his ass to make that Olympic team next year.
So, I-
Well, Matthews was also talking about,
hopefully, him being on the team, I think,
in the interview with Army before the season on the couch.
Yeah.
So obviously, you know, if he's saying that I think
They're best friends, right? Yeah. Yeah, they're very close. He knows how much he wanted. What do you mean? They're iffy I
Like Canada they're more sandpaper
Really really even with the goaltending and the goaltending is iffy but USA's got the best goalies. Yeah
Yeah, the Kachucks will add enough sandpaper. Yeah, I guess and at the menace they got
Yeah, the Kachucks will add enough sandpaper. Yeah, I guess.
They got Bennett the Menace.
They got Bennett the Menace and the Kachucks.
The neutralizer.
But as Matthew's gonna play, that's a fucking...
Biz hopes not.
I said set out, save yourself the embarrassment.
Would you text him?
No, I don't text him that stuff.
That might make him play.
I think he's got my number block.
If Biz texts him not to play, he's like, I'm in.
Yeah, I'm too big of a Leafs jock sniffer.
I think he's got me on the no-fly list.
He's got the...
You got the blue jacket, though. Yeah fly list. He's got the blue jacket though.
Yeah, actually I got the ambassador jacket.
Well, Patty, we can't thank you enough
for coming in and chatting with us, buddy.
Congrats on obviously a hell of a career
and hopefully you can keep going.
I don't know how many more deals you can keep getting out.
Your new agent's doing a hell of a job.
Holy fuck, dude.
Hell of a job.
Some cup contenders bringing you over this whole year.
Oh yeah, you think yeah, maybe something
at the deadline. 100.
I have no idea.
100.
I'm just happy to still be playing, Biz.
I know, I know.
I can't believe it.
You can't?
What I'm saying is I was 32,
I couldn't even move out there.
Like I don't know how you do it.
He doesn't move. I couldn't move.
How old are you now?
You don't need to move with Hockey Sense, dude.
Yeah, well I didn't have that.
Puffer's faster than you.
I didn't have that. I didn't have that at all.
Cooch taught him.
When he was his ultimate pass.
That's why he's so good at rimmin' it.
Just rimmed it to Cooch.
Paddy Maroon, thank you so much, buddy.
Thank you, Paddy.
Glad you time, boys.
Guys, this show is brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink.
Real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing artificial. Right
here is the Fruit Punch. My favorite flavor is strawberry banana, but right after
that it's the Fruit Punch. I feel great, I feel energized, and I feel like I can
crush the day because of Body Armor. Body Armor sports drink has great tasting flavors,
like I mentioned, strawberry, banana,
and fruit punch are my two favorites,
but also orange mango.
Orange mango is sneaky, sneaky delicious.
Give it a try, and Body Armor just keeps you hydrated.
You have a big night out, boom, you wake up,
you crush a Body Armor.
They got the regular water, they got the sports,
the sports super drink.
Get yours at a Walmart or local grocery store near you.
Body Armor's where it's at.
We're so lucky that they sponsor our podcast.
We're always fueling up with Body Armor.
Go right now to Walmart or a local grocery store near you
to grab some of your own Body Armor.
Thank you so much to Pat Maroon.
Pretty crazy story.
I mean, he for a minute there thought he was done
as a pro hockey player and what he's done since
has been amazing to watch.
He's such a good guy.
Such a beauty and also, you know,
he's obviously on the back nine.
I think that he would be a tremendous guy
in the hockey media landscape once he retires.
He's already kind of dipped his toe in with the podcast he's doing. Maybe he could be the commish. Maybe he could be a tremendous guy in the hockey media landscape once he retires. He's already kind of dipped his toe in
with the podcast he's doing.
Maybe he could be the commish.
Maybe he could be.
All of a sudden, like, every team has beer fridges
in the locker room again.
Players are like, this is unbelievable.
Also a cool message for kids listening,
like his son was with him.
He said his son liked hockey and played,
but just in the last two years,
I think when he was 12 or 13, like fell in love and he was picked by the London Knights.
I guess he's a really good player.
His son Anthony, we got to hang out with him for a minute.
So good luck to him.
Brad Marshawn, guys, he took his glove off
and choked out a man.
He straight up grabbed Nick Cousins,
and what a guy to get.
He grabbed him by the throat,
he was choking him out.
I've never seen this. I thought he might get suspended for it.
Like I-
He didn't even get a minor penalty.
He didn't even get a penalty,
because the ref's like, oh it's Cousins, that's okay.
But he was like, fuck this,
I don't know what Cousins said to him,
maybe he brought up what Bennett did to him last year
when Cousins was a part of the Florida Panthers,
and Marshy just snapped, but that was so funny,
like seeing a man just take off his glove and straight out choke out a guy by his larynx. I
Think I think that you need a Nick Cousins on every fucking team
Oh, yeah, how close you are with him considering you played him never met him. Oh my god
He can say some really mean shit on the ice the guys
Just when you think it's boring and you can hear a couple crickets in the crowd
This guy's in the middle of cousins ruining a guy's life putting them in
therapy he's yeah he's a gamer cut you to the core with stuff oh my god buddy
I won't say what it was but there's been a player who went down after a game to
the other locker room to find him that's how bad he was cutting deep so yeah he's
a gamer I said it I know he I know cuz this is mad at me because of when I called him a diver when he did the like
when he got hit in in Arizona but I said I'll still pump his tires any day of the
week. He's a pest. The women's bean pot guys the bean pot is a local college
hockey tournament in Boston. They have a women's version and I had some friends go.
So it was BU and Northeastern in the final.
And last year, I believe, a bunch of guys went
with their daughters that I know that play hockey.
And it was like, it's general admission.
You just go in and it wasn't very, very full.
And this year they went back, same thing.
There was 14,000 people there.
So like, it's been, I had a friend reach out,
he's like, dude, you gotta mention this.
It's unreal what's going on with women's hockey. I think the pro league like that has worked
Yeah
like they there are so many young girls playing that now have girls to look up to as pro players and the college games great so
Like 14,000 at the garden for the women's bean pot final
Like I don't think next year to be able to do general admission. All of a sudden that'll probably be sold out next year.
That's awesome.
Based on the jump that it's made.
So shout out to all those girls
and where women's hockey's at right now.
Drew Doughty return looks very imminent.
Kings have been the best home team in the NHL as of late.
And the Kings are hosting a charity game
benefiting the LA fire department on February 23rd
as an athlete. Very cool.
So they're not selling tickets. They're allowing all the firefighters and
people who have been fighting these all across California, all the families like
I talked to Luke Robitaille on the phone he goes biz he's like all these families
that are displaced from their homes and like live in wherever whether it's in
these like big you know gymnasiums or this place or that place like they you
know they have to like they're giving them merchandise so they have clothes on their back and stuff like
that it's just so sad to see so they're opening up the doors and they're gonna
put on a fun night of hockey to to try to take their minds off of you know this
this horrible thing that they're going through so I'm gonna be actually there
nice yes because February 23rd that afternoon the Ontario rain was gonna
host the
Manchester Monarchs 10-year anniversary called their cup team so a bunch of us
are going in from my understanding is they're bumping back the Ontario game to
later that night so we can all attend the game at what do you call it now
crypto crypto crypto center and the night before actually the Kings are
playing as well
So as our whole group's gonna get to go to that and then go experience everything the next day
I want to say TNT is in talks with Gary Bettman and the league to potentially
Televise that game because there's a double header going on the TNT broadcast afternoon. I was missing it for that 10-year anniversary
So hopefully we're able to just bring awareness to it,
televise it.
Maybe they get Bieber, Will Ferrell,
and a bunch of other celebrities to show up
and they raise a shit ton of money for these people
who have been put in this horrible situation.
I could see you guys like doing a picture as a team,
like everyone put their rings forward
and they're like, Biz, where's yours?
I sold it.
Yeah.
I sold it.
I was down on my luck and I...
Had to pay my lawyer for what I beat up seven guys.
I got 198 bucks for it.
Alright guys, we gotta catch a train right now to Orlando.
The Bright Line, Keith's telling us.
Aw, I pray my back's healed up.
Aw, Biz, this sucks, dude.
I know.
But we gotta go, we got Bob Does Sports,
we got a back to back match with them Monday, Tuesday on their YouTube channel.
The rematch will be on our YouTube channel.
Hopefully Biz is able to swing the clubs.
Fat Perez, you're going down.
Joey Cole cuts.
I'm bringing the heat.
Road Warriors, check it out.
In Surrey, British Columbia with Motts and Scott Gomez and Biz.
It was an awesome video.
Great job, Fish.
And ChickletsU in Minnesota.
Actually, that's a Pasha vid.
That's a Pasha vid.
Oh, that's a Pasha it. Shout out Pasha.
Chicklets use in Minnesota this weekend, checking out the Gophers facilities. Good job with that.
We love you guys. Thank you so much for listening and we'll be back to you next week. Even if I could go away
I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to wear
I don't know any other way
Even if I could go away I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to break I'll get you someday
