Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spit and Chicklets.
What is up, folks?
And welcome back to episode 544 of the Spit and Chicklets podcast presented to you by
the pink Whitney vodka, the pink lemonade flavored vodka.
We've all come to know and love that was born on this podcast,
born by the fans, just came to us out of nowhere.
And now it's magic.
That city of Philadelphia was hammering Pink Whitney last night,
celebrating the Eagles dominant Super Bowl win out in Scottsdale.
Pink Whitney was flowing through the golf course flowing through the bottle blonde or whatever those trashy bars are
Flowing through everywhere because people had a hell of a weekend crushing Pink Whitney and I'll tell you right now
We appreciate it folks. We appreciate you buying the big bottles. We appreciate you buying the little nips
We appreciate your support. We love you for it and we all love pink Whitney
It brings together everyone as one. Da da da da. What is up fellas biz? You're a rock star Keith
You're a ski star. How you guys doing? Why don't you start us off? No, no, no, how are you doing, buddy?
You're playing a little banged up right now a couple clicks for wit guys. We had to back up the pod here
So you're going through some stomach ulcers?
This is, I don't even know yet guys. And I hate to make this about me. You know I'm not about that
stuff. Never. But I got a heat pack on my tummy right now and I don't know what the hell is going
on. And I think it's some of the greatest sympathy symptoms I've ever seen in my life. And for couples,
they'll know sympathy symptoms. You know, your your loved one your wife your husband
They get sick and all of a sudden, you know
Something happens to you because you feel so bad for him
My wife was battling bad stomach issues for like 10 days during which we were away and and I was kind of like hey
Get over it toughen up, sweetie. You know, like come on. I need you here. You're leading the pain
Not the best thing to say. Oh my wife with three kids under seven at home.
Karma got ya.
And obviously there's like a little nerves too.
Like, what is going on here?
And so she got a CT scan, endoscopy, all this stuff.
She's got ulcers.
Buddy, I have the exact same symptoms.
And wouldn't you know the woman who pushed
three beautiful little boys out of her vagina,
two of them all natural in our house, she's tougher than I am because I can't even function
guys. I'm sitting here, I'm on extra Tylenol, I'm on this ozempriac. I think that it's not
ozempric guys. Don't come at me. It's something that sounds like that.
It's a different protein?
No, it's for like stomach acid, but I don't even know yet. I did blood work today, guys.
Could it be from French kissing her that she passed it to you?
I asked, can ulcers be passed?
Apparently not.
So basically it could come down to like, it's just so much love in this house that like
I took your ulcer.
It's like there will be blood.
I take your milkshake.
I drink it up.
You basically gave her a kidney.
Yeah.
You basically gave her a kidney yeah you basically gave her a kidney
I took the ulcer I think I hope it's an ulcer let's put it that way knock on wood for your boy
witty but I got a heat pack I didn't sleep last night guys I texted you at 2 30 in the morning
said guys I can't do one o'clock anymore we're gonna do one o'clock which stinks because I was
gonna take my son into the bean pod final let's go be you they're in one against BC what a wagon
they have and and I just can't
do it. I'm wounded. I feel bad. I didn't sleep, but I'm here to perform. Sound unbelievable.
I think the title just kicked in. I think the title just kicked in. The doctor said
stay away from acidic food. Eat bland. So what did I do? I had some ribs from last night
because I'm going to bring it right back down. I had a little Super last night because I Bring it right back down a little super bowl get together just a couple people but we're were you the guy though
Like let's say you were a little banged up going into a game
Would you be like letting the guy who parks the cars know like?
Balance on the night but like would you tell everyone know that you were going through something before puck drop?
If you see right here
You see that cut on my finger? Dude, you all right? I've been talking about this cut on my finger for four
days. So if you don't think that I, when I was playing with a broken toe for Michelle
Tarrion, which ended up fucking up my entire foot for the rest of my career, because it
changed the way I walked in, it changed gait and it changed everything that happened. You don't think I was
telling everyone about every goddamn injury I had, Bizz, you're crazy.
Well, hey, so it's perfect time to bring up the guys who don't, like the guys who like
block shots night in. Like, Chris Tanev's not telling anybody that he's got a hangnail.
No, no, no, Chris Tanev could have a broken femur. He's like, okay, like the bone sticking out of your thigh, dude
I don't think okay. He's like no man. I can go
Meanwhile, meanwhile, I have like an ingrown toenail because I didn't cut my toenails correctly
I'm like I need a day off coach
You were too busy on Bam Bam playing video games against Gullagoski to two in the morning to cut them properly
It's your own fault, but yet you're bitching about it.
The only thing that I think, this element,
these elements, these things that you put in your water,
I don't know, something came out, maybe it's fake,
maybe it's real that they got something in them
that's not exactly great for you,
and that's the only thing my wife and I have both consumed
besides each other the past year, daily,
in, in and out, in and out.
And maybe that gave us ulcers, but I believe it's stress.
I believe it's stress of just being the man of the house
and having to provide and having to just carry
this house sometimes.
I don't really do it that often, but sometimes,
you know, the stress of kids and work,
and it's just, I think it's got me down, guys.
It's got me down.
I also think, not a shameless plug here,
but body armor, if you want your electrolytes,
they have the flash IV, no sugar, no bullshit in it,
just straight up hydration, baby,
so shut out the body armor,
and you're done with the elements, buddy.
We need a healthy Ryan.
We need to be smapping around.
How many of those elements were you doing a day?
Like four to five. I don't think that's good. I don't think that's good
Yeah, that's good for a week. Maybe yeah
Like I was trying to do the funny picture the elf on the shelf snorting something I put down some elements
Then I did a line. It's like what are you doing?
Keith he was not in any sort of bad shape during the filming of our elf on on a Shelf days. But yeah, I don't want to talk about me guys. I'm not about that.
And I'm here to battle and I'm here to grind and I appreciate you guys putting everything back.
I didn't want to affect your day on the ski slopes, Keith. You're out in beautiful, um,
what is it? Steamboat? Steamboat. Yeah, Steamboat, Colorado. Beautiful. I mean, look at the backdrop here.
I know. What a back. Can you explain to the listeners,
it's pretty cool what your daughter's school does.
It's like ski week, like the people from Florida
just heading up north, bringing their Trump stickers
and coming on into Colorado.
This is a school trip?
Yeah.
Well, it's not like an organized school trip,
but it's, so apparently everyone used to take
the week before President's Day and go skiing to beat all the crowds and everything. And kids would
just miss miss a week of school. So finally the school is like, you know what, let's just
give them that week off. So everyone gets on the plane like we got on the plane. There's
direct flight JetBlue from Fort Lauderdale to Hayden, which is only like 20 minutes from
where we're staying, as opposed to flying into Denver and driving three and a
Half hours, so you get on the plane. It's every one of your kids friends everyone that they go to school with
It's just that it's like a it's honestly like an NHL flight like people up walking around chat and going in different
So that starts off the weekend. Nice you get here Saturday. You get your skis get ready Sunday
You hit the slopes early your first line, waiting to get up there, rip it.
But my program, my program is I drop the kids off
at ski school.
I do, I grab a coffee, sit up there halfway on the mountain,
have my coffee, wait for everyone else to come up.
Then I meet everyone at the top of the, at the hill.
We do about 10 runs, lunch, and biz.
We talked, Whit, we talked about 10 runs, lunch, and biz.
We talked about that best beer in the world. After, Ski is the number one beer in the entire planet.
Not even close.
Actually, it's the Pink Whitney.
It's the Pink Whitney,
because unfortunately they didn't have it,
but luckily my legend friend Tim
brought a whole slew of pink Whitney's,
so he's firing them out yesterday,
giving them to people.
To the kids.
Yeah.
It's for the kids.
Yeah, everything is.
Kids are 21.
Yep.
Well, we do have those,
the malt liquor ones now that are only 20 alcohol,
so those are probably better for them,
not getting them too buzzed too quick,
but I digress.
So good time on the slopes, eh?
You do about 10 runs, what, for the day or before lunch?
10 runs before lunch and then sit down and do lunch.
And then everyone else kind of goes back out.
I like to call it after lunch around like one o'clock, 1.30.
I'm done, I'll go get the table for the op-raise.
There's this one little bar on the mountain
that I like to hit up. It's called Tea Bar.
You sit outside. They have like that game. You can hit the nail into the wood.
You just sit there. Good people watching. Me and Kristen hanging out, having a couple drinks,
a little hottie-tottie if you want one. Yeah. And then everyone meets up at like 3.34 down there and
we either all go out to dinner or someone cooks or it's just, it's a great, great program.
We got like 25 people here.
It's healthy living.
You're up early, you're out on the slopes, fresh air,
you're off your phone, you're dialed in,
you're like, you're using your brain.
I felt like it was the one thing that brought me back
to being on the ice where you're just worried
about your edge and your next move
or you're really in the moment.
And I ended up going a few weeks ago and Whistler and like, I,
like I can't wait to get something on that place in Jackson.
So I can go back all the time and just go hit the slopes there,
which I heard it's dumping like crazy there.
And the, and the, and the powder is just like out of this world because of how
high the elevation is.
I know what you're saying where I'm skiing down and I'm really concentrating on the edge work
because I'm like, don't get hurt for golf,
don't get hurt for golf.
I hope you weren't like concentrating on your edge work
playing hockey, like we were kind of just like free flowing.
It should be second nature.
Yeah.
Yeah, at hockey.
Yeah, I would say, okay, so, ha ha ha.
So it was a little different to,
no, wait, wait, wait, pump the brakes here.
So towards the end of my career,
I felt like I was a little bit more in my head about skating,
but because my shifts were coming so far and through between,
buddy, it would be like 12 minutes of real time
before I would see the ice again.
So like you weren't in the flow of it,
you weren't on your edges.
Like it was, so I would say that my skating became progressively
worse in games where maybe I was a little too focused on it. Buddy, there's some guys
who have played in the NHL who have, they kind of go off the deep end based on overthinking
that type of stuff. I remember Doner, I don't know if you were around when you first got
to the Coyotes where there was a C coyote player wearing two different types of skates.
Was it West Falls?
No, I think it was Jeff Halpern.
I don't know if it was Halpern. If it was Halpern it might have been because of his...
Nico Kaepernick maybe.
Yeah, I remember Doner telling me and it was just kind of like a guy who was kind of like a little bit of a mental...
Did we not talk to a former player who played for the abs who also had a little bit of the same issue? So yeah,
I mean, obviously when I'm skiing, I have, I've only skied
three times. I'm focusing a little bit more on what I'm
trying to learn and because I still haven't perfected it yet,
but I mean, it's sad to say. Yeah, I was thinking a little
bit about my edge work during my shifts. No wonder I couldn't
look up and stick handle. It's crazy though. I will always
say and I've said it many times in this pod,
the first time I ever saw you skate at camp,
it was right after you fought Carcillo at eight
in the morning, I was like, this guy's a beautiful skater.
Thank you.
You were a very good, at least backwards skating,
like elegant almost.
And then I think the tightness and the partying
really, really took you home.
Next thing you know is you were wearing a tin suit and the partying really, really took a toll. And next thing you know, it was like you were wearing like a tin suit and like
couldn't even really bend over.
Exactly. That's a great description.
That's a great description.
Biz, incredible weekend for you.
I mean, we had heard the rumblings of you being on stage with Nickelback, singing
Rockstar, but I was like, is this happening?
Like, take us through how you found out,
and I gotta pump your tires again.
I don't know if you got an extra special tan,
you had a little sweat going,
you looked like a legit rockstar,
you had a nice outfit on,
you had the solo cup,
because I'm figuring you didn't know
what to do with your other hand,
but just water in there, correct?
Still off the sauce.
Just water, yeah, I'm still off the sauce.
It was a great prop.
You needed that prop as your other hand.
Yeah, you don't want to be going on stage with the body armor leader bottle. I don't think that's going to get the crowd very hyped up. I love that.
Yeah, some of them could have probably used some water for how buckled they were after a great weekend at Waste Management. So they got a manager, Bradley Kynes, the guy's name, they call him BK, and he got my number.
I'd met Chad Kroger for the first time
through a buddy of mine, Tim Kwok's sister,
in a box where I was invited to view
one of the last shows for the Tragically Hip,
and they had back to back shows in Vancouver,
and I was fortunate enough to go to one of them.
And I got to watch it in a box
with another Canadian rock star legend Chad Kroger.
So that was the initial introduction to them and his brother and the rest of the band.
And then this Bradley Kind reached out and he kind of gave me the heads up,
hey we're playing at Waste Management. This was I think facilitated by Darcy Hortichuk
on Noodles who grew up with these guys, Jamie McClellan, who was also there with Jerome McGinley.
Like Jerome McGinley was there for that performance.
600 goals, dude, I was fucking like,
my hand was shaking seeing him again.
Like he's a fucking legend.
Strud's was there.
So they had Tyson Nash, all the hockey boys were there.
So they facilitated them to come to Waste Management
and play at that Bird's Nest on the Friday.
I don't know how
many American people are familiar with Nickelbat.
Everyone.
Yeah, I would say that for a Canadian band, they're the most world renowned. 70 million
records sold, these guys have sold. And they're still doing, and a very resilient band as
well because of what they've been through. I feel like it was like he turned easy to hate on them.
Right, do you remember?
Yeah, it was weird.
It was weird.
They became a little bit of a joke,
but I remember talking to Ryan Malone,
who I believe is good friends with Chad Kroger as well,
and he's like, they're unbelievable.
And then you do listen, they do have jams.
I don't know when it turned into like Nickelback Stinks,
but the numbers prove otherwise.
Buddy, and it's bullshit.
These guys put on an amazing show.
Everybody that I talked to who was there was like,
yeah, I wasn't sure what to think going in.
They were blown away.
And every, like, even if you're not like the most
hardcore fan, you probably know 50 of their songs,
where you could sing like the choruses and stuff like that.
So their manager reached out, I'm not gonna lie,
at first I thought it was Foles fucking with me.
I was gonna say this is screaming a Foles prank.
I thought it was Foles.
Foles lost his fastball though.
Oh did he?
Yeah he did.
Yeah he's done.
Oh no.
He's done.
I mean ever since he came on it wasn't a great performance.
I thought we were gonna have another.
He lost it with a floakeaf.
Oh he lost his hair. No, no, no he's never to have another. He lost it with the Flow, Keith. Oh, he lost his hair.
No, no, no. He's never had much hair. He goes to this. He's got a little, it's straight out of Cheers. He's a part of the old show Cheers. He has a little bar called The Flow, right about 100 yards from his house, and he goes there and he has all his buddies. He's got lefty Paul and righty Paul, that stands for where they stand politically. He's got all these other guys and I'm like,
and he was actually explaining the whole thing to me. He's 41. I believe the next youngest guy's 58.
And then there's like seven other guys ranging up to 88 years old. And it's his crew at the flow.
And he just every afternoon finishes work off with
a couple vodka sodas and hangs with the guys at the flow and I think he's lost his pranking
fastball just talking shop with the guys at the flow.
I'm not going to insult his fastball because I do not want Foles all of a sudden cooking
up his old tricks against me. I hope now that you both have called him out, you guys get it and I'm a part of it.
So the closer it got, and then finally jumped on a call
with this Bradley Kine guy, BK, and it was no joke.
And I was, at first I'm like, man,
like, Jerome McGinley's there.
Like, how are you not asking Jerome McGinley to do this?
Like, he's a legend.
And he's like, well, one, he won't do it.
Neither will noodles.
So we figured you'd be the type of guy to do it.
And I said, all right, sure.
I said, I'll go up there.
I'll sing the first couple of lines and I'll hand it off to the professionals.
And he's like, no, he's like, you're going to go up there and you're going
to have a ball with these guys.
They, they do not take this seriously.
They're fucking around.
They're rock stars.
Let's go.
And that was the pep talk I needed.
And my mind frame change going in that that second,
the next two days I practiced it in my car over and over.
I'm through with standing in line,
the clubs are never getting.
It's like the bottom of the night.
And we're never gonna win.
This life doesn't quite turn out the way I want it to be.
To be, to be.
You got a good voice, brother.
I want a big house on an episode of Cribs
and a bathroom I could play baseball in
and a King Souther, big enough for 10 plus me.
So that's the problem.
I get jammed up on some of the words, right?
But they did such a good job of turning off my mic
when they needed to and turning it back on for the chorus and I was high kicking and then I just fucking had so much fun up there
and then I mic dropped on the way out. So those guys made me feel so fucking comfortable
up there along with all the hockey boys pumping my tires ready to go up there and I thought
given the circumstances rocked it out.
You crushed. I got a question for you.
And I remember, I wanna say I've been to 15 concerts,
roughly, maybe 10.
I haven't been to many concerts.
And I remember the Ed Sheeran one I went to,
which that was one that the wifey's,
they were going to Ed Sheeran, I don't know, incredible.
He was up there for three hours alone.
And I remember looking, it was at Gillette Stadium,
and I was like, I can't even imagine
standing on stage in front of 40,000.
When you got out there, granted, I'm sure it wasn't that size, but can you describe
the feeling of just these people just living and dying on what you're saying and saying
and the rush you must feel as a rock star?
For not having any booze in me, I was shockingly pretty calm, but I think
it had everything to do with the way that the band and also that BK guy pumped me
up and and having all the hockey guys there.
But it is I mean, I'm glad you brought this up.
The fact that these guys have been around the world and have done this and I mean,
I think that they go overseas and they're even bigger over there
where they're doing stadiums that are 50, 60, 70,000 people.
Like I think in China, they might be even bigger
than they are even in North America.
So the fact that they go up there
and they command and control the stage the way they do,
and even doing it at the age that they are now,
it was fucking 90 minutes, full adrenaline,
every ounce of energy energy and every person in
there was having a ball.
And we can get into the Super Bowl stuff, but I feel that like when people are drinking
and they're having fun, they just want to hear fun, catchy rock songs.
Like it's like almost like a dying art, right?
So credit to those guys and obviously Whit, like answer your question like it was a rush and I'm glad that I got that pep talk and just
owned it and had fun and did a couple high kicks and and fucking belted it out
now yeah I my voice wasn't that great I think I'm a good singer but you get up
there man it's it's a it's a different piece so have you guys watched the
documentary about them they hate Hate to Love Nickelback?
No.
No.
It's like the rise and the fall
and people picking on them
and kind of their whole run through that
and the toll it took,
because his brother's in the band, right?
Yep, yep, his brother.
It did rattle them,
like it goes into like-
Yeah, it rattled his brother
because his brother had kids,
his kids were going to school and shit like that
But like Chad Kruger was just like that's Chad Kruger, right?
The yeah, Kruger just like dude making money who cares like this is yeah, like, yeah
You know laughs you laugh your way to the bank like at some point, you know, I'm sure it happens a little bit now
But some point there be those chicklets guys are fucking losers. These guys are complete old squids
Oh, I think we're still making money if we're still making money. I'm like, yeah
I guess the Chicago Blackhawks fans already say you say that about you, but if we're still making money
It's kind of like yeah, I guess you're getting ripped on all the time, but the checks are clearing
But it does it does it could take a little bit of toll
but I remember I remember when all of a sudden, like,
Nickelback came on there pumping and then it was like it was like everyone just made
fun of him. And I don't really know how that started.
Connor McDavid's had a little bit to do with them maybe coming back the way they have.
He loves him.
That's and that's why I said it earlier, like the most amount of respect I have for him
is in the department of how resilient they've been to like, that would be hard. Like I would, that could break a man and they fucking
rolled right through it and continue to sell albums and do their thing and be passionate about
it. And I'm so grateful that they were able to allow me to be a part of that. So, hey man,
maybe potential Chicklets Cup collab. I might be out of the budget though. I don't know if they can handle those crowds,
those menaces at Chicklets Cup.
Your mic drop was phenomenal too.
Just a, you probably broke the mic,
but just an amazing visual.
Yeah, I got an invoice for that.
I'm off the sauce, it's unfortunate
because they had actually bought a bottle of Pink Whitney
and they had it ready.
The one with the new label too.
You could have carried it out there for us for Christ's sake.
You're the brand guy.
Jesus, guys.
I know, I didn't want to make it about us.
I mean, if anything, just fill the thing up with Newman's own
the way this whole thing started,
chug the whole bar back.
Yeah.
I'm off the wagon now, bitches.
I'm gonna stand in.
You would have had an ulcer like you, though.
Yeah, I know.
I think I have multiple ulcers.
And I guess that'll lead us in. And we'll get into hockey folks incredible week coming up with four nations
We've a bunch of news. We've got the Lions. We've got the power plays
But we could go into the Super Bowl I think
Maybe the biggest one of the biggest shit-kicking thumping drummings. I've ever seen in a football game
It really reminded me of like Georgia,
Versa, who they smashed last year, like TCU or so.
I don't remember. It was like it was one of those.
It was it was like a college game where there's like a team who's come out of nowhere
and they end up facing the SEC powerhouse.
And all of a sudden it's just over before it even began.
And you know, I can't stand the city of Philadelphia,
but what a football team.
Congratulations to you guys, well deserved.
I'm wearing the green row back for you guys
in honor of the Eagles and that dominating win.
But I was just upset, we didn't even get a close game.
I'm just looking for a good ending
and exciting fourth quarter, but that was,
Mahomes couldn't get, every single play,
he's running for his life.
Yeah, the front four for Philly.
Like that's what they kept saying.
The commentators, like that's all they could talk about is that he had no time.
I knew it was going to be a blowout when Roan dropped that freestyle.
Yeah, that Philadelphia Eagles freestyle.
Roan is one of the most talented people at Barstool.
We've had him on our show before.
Wow, that got me fucking hyped him and Wallow and Gilly and all their involvement.
And then fuck, on top of that,
since we're talking Barstool content,
John Gruden is a content factory.
He is-
Dude, his thing with the girls was so fucking funny.
Yeah, so for people who don't know,
it's out of order.
That is like a little Barstool skit.
I want to say they drop one every two weeks, it seems like,
right roughly around there.
And they had Gruden on for one, the Gruden Bowl.
And I don't even wanna give it away, so go check it out.
It's, and everyone knows who John Gruden is.
And to go from this amazing coach, Super Bowl champ,
he gets completely hosed by Roger Goodell
when his emails were released,
where he was like ripping on Goodell.
I believe Gruden will coach again.
I kind of hope he doesn't
because he's so good at making content,
but this skit he did with Fidelberg and I think Sass,
all the girls.
He has very natural acting abilities.
Oh my God, the guy.
Yeah, I've watched it a couple times.
He could host SNL.
Yeah, that's what it seems like.
That's what it seems like.
And we're really looking into a possible
John Gruden sandbagger.
That would be a goal of ours.
That would be just an electric factory
with the way he's able to chirp.
And earlier in the week, Barstool had done a combine,
like a draft combine where they had two different teams
or three different teams.
And Gruden was announcing it with with
Clicky Nicky, one of the one of the other most talented men of basketball, hilarious person.
And he was just he's a comedian.
It's unbelievable the way he's just chirping everyone
like just really cool to be bought.
And we're talking on the unnamed show about how, you know,
you got this this, like I said, legendary coach,
he's got plenty of money and he comes into
Barstool and he might just be like, oh, I going to do my football breakdowns. Nope. I'm into
comedy, I'm into acting, I'm into everything that Barstool offers. So just an unbelievable
hire for Portnoy.
This might go down as Dave Portnoy's best hire in his career. Like it was such an off-the-board
Thanks a lot guys.
Until we hire Hazy.
Hey, I'm pretty sure he's boys with John Daly.
I think they used to like hang out at Hooters in Tampa Bay
or Orlando or something, wherever that they live.
I'm pretty sure they're boys.
If we got them for a sandbag, it would be epic.
Well, we need one more.
Maybe we do today's guest or one of today's guests,
Mike Keenan, what a fuck it. Well, that was a great. Maybe we do today's guest, or one of today's guests, Mike Keenan.
What a fuck it.
That was a great interview.
We got two lined up for you.
And we got the coach's pet, Brian Noonan.
This one, folks, I don't even know what to say about this.
Don't even know what to say.
It'll go down as my favorite interview of all time.
It'll exceed Wayne Gretzky and just no offense to Wayne,
but Brian Noonan man I just I might
bring them to Chickles Cup. Biz was so appalled that like someone is just like a
mild-mannered quiet guy Biz was like just needed more he's just a quiet guy
you had some awesome stories. I thought he was great. I think I think I think back to this day we were
across some Wrigley Field and Nunes walks in and
somebody had mentioned like, oh, were you doing, have you ever done media or something?
He's like, yeah, I did Chicago Wolves games.
I think he did the radio color for a while.
And he's like, but I ended up getting fired because I didn't really talk that much.
And I'm like, oh fuck.
I'm like, we're about to do an hour interview here.
I will say-
I was out of questions in six minutes.
I think it was maybe Biz's favorite word here,
the silliest us three have ever been together
during an interview.
So we have Keenan, we have his pet,
one of his favorite players,
I think he played for him four to three times.
And Brian Noonan, who scored a goal in game seven
that Mark Messy got credit for,
but we got two great interviews lined up.
And I think the last thing before we move on to hockey is-
Well, I just wanted to pump Jalen Hurts' tires.
I thought at the start of that game, buddy, they were basically forcing him to pass and
they were stopping the run and he came through.
I guess he had a picture of when they were defeated a few years ago by KC. And like he kept that as a reminder.
Just seems like a really down to earth guy,
strong with his faith and just a relentless worker.
And probably a guy who took even too much heat last year
when things weren't going as good as they had the year prior.
And even their coach, man,
I think their coach halfway through the year
was fucking double bearing the fan base
and they wanted his head on a platter
so very a difficult market to
to be in and to perform in and
Kudos to him the MVP for being resilient and getting over the hump
Hertz is a very very resilient athlete it seems and for people who don't remember
He was pulled at at halftime of the national championship game
when he was quarterback of Alabama.
Tua came in, they ended up winning it all.
So obviously Tua's coming back,
so he transfers to Oklahoma where he lit it up there,
and then he's had his detractors, right?
He's been kind of called the systems QB,
and I mean, whatever, say what you want
that he's not necessarily like a natural
drop back and
pass guy, but he is a machine.
I've seen videos of me like in back squat, 700 pounds.
The tush push is literally unstoppable because of him and the team and their defense, just
a clinic, absolute clinic.
And I actually ended up, as much as I hate Philly, I ended up betting Philly and my reasoning
was it was kind of three ways
It was it was one if Philly wins I get to win money
Right, even though I'll be mad Philly when I get to win money to
What was the other one the awesome? Sorry?
The third one was that Saquon Barkley. I think he's one of the most well-liked athletes in
pro sports.
I don't know if you've seen the video he did with Frank the Tank where he's very complimentary.
He's down in his basement with Frank the Tank.
He's pumping his tires.
How much weight he's lost.
He did a walk, one of Frank's walks that Biz recently did that everyone can check out on
the Chicklets YouTube and Frank's channels.
And then Saquon was just so sick this year.
Like this guy, the Giants decided to not bring him back.
I think there's a clip of the owner being like,
I hope he doesn't go to the Eagles.
Well, he went to the Eagles.
I think he broke some records this year,
or could have.
I think total yards for regular season and playoffs.
Yeah, and he could have broken the all time season,
but he didn't play the last game.
Just, I sense a team first like animal that had been
just wasting away in that pathetic organization
that is the New York Giants.
So he goes to Philly and gets a title.
And then, oh and then my third, my other reason was that
if the Eagles lose, it was an emotional hedge.
I lose money, but I'm still happy that the Eagles lost.
So that's why I met the Eagles, won a bunch of money,
and was happy for Saquon and Jalen Hurts.
Yeah, so I want to get to one final thing,
and that is the halftime show.
So Kendrick Lamar comes on, and I know the diss track
on Drake, and I kind of know the battle and the beef
between them based on Biz filling me in,
and Keith is the rap expert.
I'm not-
I know a lot about, I'm probably a bigger
Kendrick Lamar fan than Yanz's.
I've seen him in concert, have you?
I take it back.
Only time I've ever seen him battle on this pod,
I think, right there.
That took offense to that, Jesus Christ.
I'll tell the guy he couldn't stick handles
to your skate.
I'm all top black!
I like Kendrick Malar!
Kendrick Malar!
Lamar.
Kendrick Lamar Jackson.
I'm a quarter black wit.
Shut up.
So I'm not a huge fan of the music.
Like, whatever.
Couple of the songs, good little catchy hits.
And it's not about that.
It's more about Super Bowl halftime shows for me.
It's more about what you're saying, Biz, with energy.
And I guess the younger generation
really, really enjoyed it.
But overall, the house that I was sitting in, people are like, what is this?
It's just not what I think of when I think of Super Bowl halftime show.
Do you remember when it was Nelly, Aerosmith?
I know I'm sounding very old and white right now, but I'm more looking at it like,
I think Super Bowl halftime is just more energy,
and I didn't sense that much energy from that music.
Now, I could be wrong, it's just my opinion.
Too much, yeah, a lot of them,
I think he's extremely talented, he's unreal in concert.
I thought the performance was good,
but if you're trying to pertain to the masses
who are tuning in for the NFL,
I think it was a bit of a miss. I think you need to have, if you're trying to pertain to the masses who are tuning in for the NFL, I think it was a bit of a miss.
I think you need to have, like, if you're gonna do rap,
play the bangers like they did in LA
when they had all the big dogs come out.
Snoop, Jim, Dre, Dre.
Snoop, 50 Cent, like all the bangers that they have.
Basically every generation can sing along to,
that's how big those tunes were.
And if Kendrick was gonna do what he did, maybe a few of his old bangers that did bring
energy.
Like when he did that good kid mad city album, like bitch don't kill my vibe, Money Trees.
You've never heard bitch don't kill my vibe?
I probably have heard it.
I just like, and now bitch don't kill my vibe on the soup ball.
I think like that.
I don't know if that works. Although he was calling Drake a pedophile on stage. So I think you're, now, bitch don't kill my vibe on the soup bowl, I think like that. I don't know if that works.
Although he was calling Drake a pedophile on stage.
So I think, yeah, you're right, I apologize.
I'm just a little bit over this rat beef now.
It's like I don't care anymore.
I don't care about it anymore.
Did you see, so the way that he ended the show,
the field was set up as a PlayStation controller
because Drake's labels under Sony and Sony owns PlayStation
and then when it ended in the crowd it said game over.
Game over.
So Drake's going through a little bit of.
What is it though?
Now I will say this,
Drake seems to be going through a little bit of like
the Nickelback like valley right now.
I don't know man, I think he's still.
Well I haven't heard from him, I haven't seen him. I don't follow much.
He's in Australia. He started a tour over there.
Is he not?
Yeah, I would say that based on the amount of hate that he's getting now compared to
that he used to definitely, but I think that his fan base is trying to stand their ground
against it. So there's like, I would say it's a 50-50 battle
on online war.
I think that everybody could agree with the tunes
that Kendrick put out.
He won the battle, but I still think that Drake's
the highest streamed artist on Spotify or one of them.
And I think that his money has not been affected by this.
He's on the other side of the world where he's sleeping
when everything's going on over here,
and he gets to wake up and just go print more money
by throwing shows over there.
So I think that it probably definitely doesn't feel good.
He is also in a major, major lawsuit against,
he's going after Universal.
He's bypassing-
Oh, he's going again, yeah, he's going after them.
He's going to-
Oh, because they were pumping up his Lamar song, right?
They were.
Apparently, he's saying that they were fabricating streams and making the song bigger than it
was so it would just continue to gain steam.
And I think that part of the theory, or at least his is, is the fact that he's so big
now that he cuts...
He's like Floyd Mayweather, where his record deals are way different
than the rest of the market.
I mean, like Taylor Swift might be on that level
where they're controlling the whole conglomerate
type of thing.
So that's how big of an artist they are.
So I think that there was maybe a bit of resentment
or a battle in a sense to try to change the position
of power and also get back at him at the fact
that he's been able to cut those types of deals
and they're not making as much of the money.
I do like all the little things that he had,
like the A minor chain and then having his-
What was that?
What was the A chain?
He's very petty, all these little Easter eggs.
Okay.
So in the song, he says A minor,
like he's gonna, as if Drake's a pedophile like whatever
So that's the A minor on his chain
And then he had Serena Williams out there
Crip walking because she's from Compton and she used to date Drake
Well, let me tell you something and this is this was brought up by Shannon Sharp and and Stephen A Smith
I think it's first take their show shout out a video one of the videos
I saw that video of the weekend was Shannon Sharp
telling his brother Sterling Sharp
that he's in the Hall of Fame.
Oh my God, that was amazing.
And he's talking about how he followed in Sterling's
footsteps and Sterling had nobody to look up to
and no path to follow and he did it all on his own
and he made it easier for Shannon and now Sterling's
welcoming to the Hall of Fame, great video.
But what they were talking about was Serena Williams is a former ex of Drake. Okay. She's married now. She's married.
How do you feel about your wife going up on stage dancing like about her? Like get the
fuck out of here. That's a good point
Does she not have enough going on to she's probably worth 500 she she's like the greatest female tennis player of all time He's a billionaire to her husband. Oh, yeah, Billy goat. It doesn't wait, honey. Who are you dancing for?
I'm dancing for Kendrick Lamar. What's it for? Oh, we're burying my ex-boyfriend
What I'm like he went went after, Drake went after
Serena's husband, I believe, right?
Oh, well that changes things if that happens.
Yeah, they're insured.
I think they called him like a dork or something like that.
My, also my feeling is, is from reading stuff is,
apparently Drake has pounded a lot of like other rappers
and other industry people's girls.
So that's probably another reason why they're not happy
but I think that he's obviously been with Rihanna
and like ASAP Rocky who he once like would bring on stage
and collaborate with like now he's going against them.
So we're getting in pretty into the weeds here
on the rap beefs.
Are we gonna change?
We can move on.
We can move on from the rap beef.
I will say I bet Drake would do a better halftime show,
because he's got those bangers that everybody knows, you know?
Yeah, I agree. I agree.
There's more sing-alongs.
I know I sound old. The old man with the ulcer.
Spitting chicklets, dog.
Witty with the ulcer.
Featuring Joe Budden, baby. Welcome back to the show.
I love Joe Budden.
Pete Blackburn, who I think has the show What Chaos Hockey Show.
I think the tweet had 200, thousand likes when I saw it.
It was Serena Williams just Crip walked for four seconds and
still had and had more yards than the Chiefs did in the first
half. Very funny, very funny tweet.
Him and Bean are funny guys.
So I think he's getting married this summer.
Nice. Cool.
That's awesome.
Marriage will give you an ulcer if you don't watch out.
You'll literally take it from your wife.
You'll lose your comedic timing
and you're gonna get ulcers.
If you love her that much,
you'll just grab that ulcer out of her stomach
and stick it down your throat into your own.
So, it brings us on to another battle.
Bedard versus Biz.
The other rap battle heard around the world.
I wanna get your opinion.
I want to get your opinion on how everything broke down.
I actually believe that this is one of those things
where it's like, I think both people are right.
I think that biz made a valiant point
or a point that made sense, a valid point, not valiant.
And then honorable maybe, that's a guess.
Look it up, G.
Oh, that's a good word for me.
And then, Bedard responded in what I thought
was a classy way and just kind of like whatever.
I know when I fuck up.
So take me through what you saw when you made the comments
and kind of the backlash you've had from Hawks fans
was surprising to me.
Well, first of all, all the backlash
and Chicago Blackhawks accounts and their Twitter,
Instagram, all the bloggers, I love the fact
that they had his back.
I was fucking loving it.
This is hockey's popping again, baby.
This is what we need.
That's our second original 16 putting me
in a body bag this season.
I am honored at the fact that these old school
Boston Bruins, Brad Marsha, they put me in two of them.
And then his mom did.
His mom did too.
His mom put me in a headlock.
So I love this shit.
And I love the fact that they got their guys back.
And I appreciate that.
I do like, I wanna make sure this kid knows
this is not personal.
Like this isn't, and another thing as to maybe why
this snowballed a little bit more than it should have,
and Frank Saravelli brought it up.
He's like, I feel like this kid's getting a bunch
of like unwarranted hate lately where I guess
about five days prior, Mess and PK Subban
were kind of talking about some of these things,
but I guess they didn't break down any video. They were just kind of bringing up the discussion
as far as the bad habits and maybe, you know, swinging away from pucks and not stop in front
of them. And the little details to the game as to what maybe they haven't seen him figure
out at least after 120 games in the league. So at the timing in which the thing, what I said,
I think it was just like a big snowball effect
where it was like, oh, everybody's trying to take a run
at them and the reason that I was doing it
was because they did it.
I swear on my life, I was offline.
You can even look at my Twitter.
I shut it down for like three, four days.
I did not see that discussion happen.
But if you think that I'm gonna like fly cross country
every week and my job as an analyst is to break down video
and at the end of a period, see what I saw from him
and not like break it down on the broadcast,
you're out of your mind.
Like if I don't do that, I'm not doing my job.
I'm wasting my time and we're also not creating dialogue and
teaching anything on the broadcast. Like that's literally my fucking job. So I
also don't care that everybody online is bringing up my stat count. If anything,
like my only job as a player in the NHL was to have those small details. And if
I didn't, I wasn't going wasn't gonna play and mind you if we
would have had a shift like that playing for Mike Stothers and Jr. playing for
Michelle Tarian and the American Hockey League playing for whoever at the NHL
level Dave Tippett that would have been on video in between periods they would
have rolled the clip with the fucking laser pointer and they would have stopped
it pointed
All right, keep rolling it and went over every fucking mistake and and embarrassed you in front of the locker room
That's what would happen and I wasn't really trying to embarrass him
I was just trying to bring up the point that like listen I get that this kid's young
But I also watch a guy like Macklin Celebrini
Who's the same age and I don't see some of
the flaws in his game that that Badaard does and you might say well he's putting up more
points and I I think they're pretty close to points per game and least in that same
realm based on what Celebrini has been injured for and I don't see him swinging away or or
not stopping in front and turning it over and maybe not showing the most emotion on the back check.
And if you wanna go back to the two shifts itself,
I can go over them,
cause I got them in the back of my memory ready to go.
And the shift started out where it was an ozone draw win
on the face off.
And I was complimentary,
cause I thought that him and Donato
were snapping it back nice, back and forth.
And that's another point,
if we don't wanna get sidetracked here,
it always like, oh, he doesn't have anyone to play with.
Pretty sure he's developed pretty good chemistry with the Nautilus in the last
20 games based on the points that they're putting up for five more games.
So after they finished going back and forth a few times,
McDavid is on check on Badaar.
Did you guys see the part where like Badaar kind of shrugs
his shoulders and looked pissed off? Yeah. Do you think that's because he didn't slide
it back to him? I think it's hard to say for sure. It could just be like another play that
just like went went nowhere. Like it's more like this season. Like, well, you're the shooter.
Donato slid it over to you two times. Fucking let it fly, buddy. You're the shooter. Donato slid it over to you two times. Fucking let it fly, buddy.
You're the shooter.
You have the best shot since Ovechkin coming in
as the first overall pick, I thought, right?
That's the tire pump we've all been giving him.
We all saw a shot in junior.
He just slid it over to you two times.
Let it rip, buddy.
Like, you had your separation to McDavid.
So then that lane closed off, and Donato gets it back,
and he fires it.
It did get blocked, but I didn't like the body language.
I didn't like it there.
And I've watched plenty other games
where there's been times where I'm like,
don't like the body language,
don't like the body language.
Fuck, anybody who watched-
It's a window to your soul.
It's a window to your soul, people say, Biz.
Oh, I never heard that.
And then after that play, after Donato gets it blocked,
not to interrupt you, I'm trying to keep my train of thought.
Sorry, sorry, I interrupted you.
Not to acknowledge what you're saying.
Window to your soul, okay, we'll go back to that.
I think I've heard that.
Donato retrieves it, gives it back to him,
and then Bedard makes a nice play at the net.
And then when he rolls up,
he throws that pizza to McDavid, it's a blind pass.
Hey man, that's all right.
But then it goes back the
other way, he takes the penalty, now his team has to go on a kill, block shots and kill
a penalty for him. Okay, not the worst, wasn't crazy about the body language, wasn't crazy
about the turnover, you take the penalty, whatever. Well, he gets out of the box, they
come back the other way, I think he makes a solid play inside the blue line where he kind of, you know, when he kind
of pump fakes and he gets it poked away.
Don't mind him trying that at all.
And let's not get this lost in translation either.
I'm not trying to beat the skill out of his game.
I don't want him not trying things offensively because he's afraid to turn the puck over.
He gets it poked away.
It goes outside the zone.
So all these guys who just finished killing the penalty
for you and trying to get back momentum
after killing that penalty,
you try to beat the team one-on-one.
They got five guys coming up to the blue line
and your guys have to tag up based on your turnover.
So he gets stripped, it goes back the other way
to the defensive zone, and what happens?
He doesn't stop in front.
What's he do on the play?
He swings away.
And for those of you who don't know fuck all about hockey,
the reason I got a problem with him swinging away
is not only because he turned it over
and everybody had to now back check into the defensive zone,
the play goes up the strong side,
and it's a 50-50 battle between the winger
and the defenseman. Well, if he loses that fucking battle on the wall who's there to support him?
Nobody because Bedard swung the other way. That's a bad detail of the game okay.
But his guy makes the fucking play and the puck comes out of the zone and what's he do?
He goes up the ice he pulls up. Love it. Okay but the Edmonton Oilers man they're not being fooled
by this fluff fucking cross-ice bullshit.
They're gonna clog the middle with good sticks every time.
And what does he do?
Something that he's done a lot
over the first 120 games of his career.
He throws a soft one through the middle of the ice,
it gets picked off, and we're going back the other way.
And what happens when it goes back the other way
when he gets beat to the net?
He doesn't stop in front of the net.
How many fucking mistakes do you wanna make in one shift
without me watching as an analyst being like,
this is fucking pond hockey?
And what happens after he doesn't stop in front?
The whole shift plays out that doesn't show
on the online clip that Ace just broke down
in which what happens, Whit?
He goes outside the zone, he's the fucking weak side guy in my clip that Ace just broke down in which what happens, Whit?
He goes outside the zone,
he's the fucking weak side guy to clog it up,
the pass gets by him as the Edmund Twillers tag up,
they go back in the end, they score a goal
while he's going on a line change
to give his fucking teammate a shit sandwich minus
stepping onto the ice.
Yeah, those hurt.
Those stunk, and I was the one giving them.
We're talking about in two shifts,
you over-extend your shift after turning the puck over twice
that you don't stop in front of the net for
off of your turnovers,
then you go for the shit sandwich change,
and I'm the fucking bad guy here.
I've been double-wristing this guy
since he came in the league.
Like, what do you want from me? Yeah, you let him win the face off challenge.
I let I think people think that I'm being
face off since he's his numbers have gone up.
I should be on fucking payroll from the Chicago Blackhawks as
an assistant coach at this point.
Now, here's where I kind of take a look at all this.
When when you have the the the resume and the pedigree and the discussion about you as a player,
since he's 15, this is what's going to happen, okay?
You're going to be absolutely watched as closely as you can be watched from the minute you
get into the league.
And it happened to a lot of great players when they came into the league.
Sid took a little heat here and there.
That was more about like talking to the refs and complaining, whining, diving, they used
to say.
Ovi took a ton of heat for his defensive play.
Basically until they won the cup.
The problem is that Sid and Ovi had other players to play against.
And the other problem is, Sid's second year,
after just dominating the first year 100 points, second year,
we got in the playoffs.
Ovi's second year, they didn't make the playoffs,
but they made it the third year.
And Ovi had 106 points, then I think 92 points, and so many goals.
So the offensive production was there,
and they dogged the defensive play.
But the goal scoring and that ability, you're like, holy shit, like this is the Ovechkin
we heard about when he was 16 years old. And Crosby, same thing. Oh my God, this guy is
actually changing the game. This is legit. What happened was these, these buildups and
these descriptions of Bedard set unrealistic expectations. I think a lot of people, I think most hockey fans, when they heard Connor Badaard,
they thought we got the next Crosby, Ovechkin, McDavid.
Those are the three guys and Matthews.
Those are the three guys, four guys I think of when it's like coming into the league,
you're like, holy shit, we're about to see something crazy.
I don't really think that Badaard, this is my opinion and it could
completely, he could prove me wrong. I think Connor Baddard is going to be an unbelievable
player in the NHL. But I think he's going to be that next level after the true superstars.
And you know who I compared him to? I think I was talking to Keith and Pasha about this.
I think he's kind of like Pasternak, where Pasternak is a game-breaker, he's a 60 goal scorer,
he is an incredible all-star, elite-level talent. But he's not McDavid, he's not McKinnon, he's not
Crosby. And I don't think Bedard is that player. This is not a knock, but what happened was I think
that's what everyone expected. I think you, you, you,
you heard and saw the numbers and the stats. And, and by the way, this could easily prove to be
false and incorrect, but I don't think he's like that next next super level, the level you talk
about where I think these guys need another league. Like this league is like too much of a
joke to them. And when I say Pashanok, right, there are some parts of pasta's game where it's
like, what are you doing?
Yeah, a little freelance.
Yeah, a little freelance and you can't turn the puck over.
But that's just that's kind of my opinion on two years in the other thing that's
unfair to him. Same with the way the expectations were set that he has no
control over is Chicago's horrible.
Like when I say Ovi didn't make it his second year,
neither will Bedard, Sid did.
They're not making it next year in Chicago either.
And realistically, they're probably not making it
the year after.
So he is in like this world of like,
we're watching every single thing this kid does
because he's been discussed and talked about
for four years, five years, and he's only a second year,
19 year old player in the NHL,
but he has nobody to play with.
And Ryan Donato is a great player
and has had a phenomenal season.
He's probably gonna get traded.
They realistically should re-sign him
because of the connection that these two have.
I think Donato's got 19 goals, but if we're to-
He's not Backstrom and Malkin.
No, he's not Backstrom and Malkin.
Yeah, I wasn't trying to make the point
that he's one of those guys that he could eventually
play with. I just think over the last 20, 25 games, I don't think it serves the Blackhawks
fans being like, Oh, he's got no one to play with. It's like, ah, things are clicking pretty
good. If you're going to rub it in my face that he's got 22 points in the last 21 games.
Like there's been some really good chemistry and he's provided a lot to Bedard based on
how they've been snapping it around.
I've watched some of the games.
Donato looks good.
If Badaard turns out to be David Postronok, what a fucking player.
What an amazing first overall pick.
But you're probably going to need another legit superstar to get over the hump.
You're not going to be able to do it alone the same way McKinnon couldn't do it alone.
The same way Crosby couldn't do it alone.
The same way if McDavid gets it done, he's not doing it alone.
So all this stuff like this has happened to other players.
And now I think that detractors or people who want to argue argue with me would say,
well, McKinnon, look at his first few years.
I can totally buy that.
And he didn't pop off to what was it? Like year four or five.
And he also had his flaws too though. He was snapping a lot, right?
And we would talk about that.
We did. But I'll talk, like where I sense or see maybe Bedard not being able to get
to McKinnon, where it's that other league type player, the size will be hard for
him. And I don't think McKinnon's that much taller than him, but he's a lot fucking bigger and faster than him.
Like, I'm talking strength wise and speed wise.
So, but Dard has the vision, he's got the shot.
He could be a 60 goal scorer.
He's an incredible player.
But I think people are still looking for McDavid and McKinnon and Crosby.
And I don't think that's him.
That is that
may sound like a knock but it's not like how many there's there's like a one
player every ten years like this. So we'll see what ends up happening but
your your description and breakdown right there and on TNT is very legit and
I think what being an analyst like that is what you're paid to do and I liked
Hank what he said after as well. I liked his point too.
And I agree, it makes it a little easier to cheat and make sure you get your cookies.
Because I mean, he's looking to re-up this summer, right?
So if he's got 35 goals and 35 assists, he's probably getting an eight times 10, right?
Like they're just going to look at those numbers.
But my thing is, is like, I think he can be a special player if you're able to put up 40 goals, 40, 50 assists,
and then yet play, I'm not asking for Bergeron here.
I'm not asking for Sasha Barkov here.
I'm just looking for, like,
Sid sometimes takes risks offensively,
but they're also calculated, right?
A lot more calculated.
And I know some people are saying,
it's not fair to compare the two because of his age.
And Sid was probably making those mistakes when he was young too.
I don't know about that many in a shift.
And he was also putting up a hundred points.
And to the other side, he was playing with better players.
Yans, what's your opinion on it?
And we have to, like I'll follow up with saying, I agree with
you. I don't think considering the social media age, there's been a more
scrutinized player coming into the league than Connor Bidard. I agree with
all that and I hope this kid becomes a McDavid and a Crosby. Like that is good
for us and that's what I want. I just saw really bad flaws in his game that I had
to point out. I want more of those. really bad flaws in his game that I had to point out. What do you think?
I want more of those, the more of the generational
truly like shake your head, pay 200 bucks
to go watch players, we have the better.
So I'm rooting for it.
Right now I'm just saying what I see.
Go ahead, Jens.
Yeah, here's my thing.
Biz, I played with you in Phoenix and I don't know,
and throughout my whole career it was kind of like this
and I don't know if it was because of Shane Doan.
You had a voice in the room.
If I turn the puck over with two minutes left
instead of getting it deep, you were going to say something
to me, you kept guys, you know, because you're sitting
on the bench, you're watching the game, you know what's
going on during the game.
So you're telling me he's coming in the locker room
after that period and Nick Foligno and Pat Maroon
aren't saying the same exact thing that Biz said on TV.
At the end of the day, in my opinion,
what you said is you were trying to help him.
You said on TV what you would have said to him
in the locker room to help him get better.
You're not beating him down and you're obviously,
you're pointing out his mistakes,
whatever everyone makes mistakes.
But at the end of the day, I feel,
and I haven't talked to you about this,
you're trying to help the kid out.
You're trying to, you know, hey, you stop at the net.
And I know everyone knows that you do that,
but it's just another voice telling you to,
you know, how to play the game.
Cause at the end of the day, you did play in the NHL,
whatever, you had 15 points.
Who gives a shit about that?
22.
You played in the NHL, you played,
you sat on the bench and watched a lot of hockey
and you know the game very well.
You do a great job on TNT,
you do a great job on this show breaking down the game.
You know it just as good as anybody else.
So yeah, it's just, I think you were trying to help him.
Yeah.
I think you were trying to help him
and obviously, you know, his comments saying, you know
It doesn't matter at the end of the day
It doesn't matter because I'm sure Nick Foligno and Pat Maroon were saying the same exact thing that you said. Oh
Ricky was saying it's a Sidney Crosby
right
So were you were you there to witness all that wit?
Yeah, I remember I'm not gonna say several times
But I remember one time like like
Recchi giving it to sit a little bit.
It might have been, you know, complaining to a ref or something.
But like and now now Mark Recchi is a Hall of Famer, right?
It's it's harder in today's game, I'm guessing, without being in rooms to to say
stuff to kids who who have not only all the pressure in the world on them, but fan bases
that are just in love with them based on what they believe they can do for their city and their team.
So it's like everything changed a little bit. And I think older guys stepping up and saying things
to younger guys has probably changed a bit, but on the good teams, it hasn't. On the good teams,
that'll never change. And so I think that this kid's an incredible talent.
But yeah, there's and and what Hank said for people who didn't know, we brought up Lundquist.
It's like, yeah, it's like you're you're a last place team in the league.
Like you're horrible. And if you're playing for a playoff spot, like he's probably not
doing this stuff. But what leads to better teams and just building as a group,
even if it takes years, is doing the little things right. It's just hard when it's like,
we're fucking finishing in 31st place this year. It's just really hard to grind out the details
that you need to end up having to become a playoff team. So there's a lot of different aspects to it.
I do think Grinnelli makes a good point in the chat here that when I say he needs another superstar, it's like they drafted that Artem Leshunov out of Michigan State second overall this year.
He had a brutal bad luck broken foot right before camp. So he hasn't played any games for the Blackhawks this year, and he could turn you know, a true number one. But this Demidov kid, I think we're looking we keep bringing him up from Montreal.
I think it's Kaprizov.
I think we're going to see Kirill Kaprizov in Montreal next season.
So that that could be an end up being a fumble.
Like if all of a sudden you're watching him light up from Montreal and Leshunov's a good player.
But it's like, but Dards like, oh, my God, we could have had this guy.
Now, this is just total like guessing
and looking forward to the questions
we don't have the answer to,
but it was a good discussion.
And I loved the Chicago wedding game.
I wouldn't mind finishing it off with a tire pump.
And you talked about comparing them,
like even if he gets to David Posternak,
like not only the way I felt he was very classy,
the way that he handled the question,
like he wasn't like reactive at all.
And part of why I really believe in this kid
and I think he will turn into a superstar is just the,
like his, I feel like he's got that drive,
that mental strength and that cocky confidence
where all of that was surrounding him and all that topic
and reporters were asking about him.
He goes out the next game against Nashville, has one and one fucking big fucking cannon goal no celly
like I feel like he's got that I feel like he's got dog in him I'll say that maybe you
don't see it all the time and maybe you see the bad habits I think that he's too stubborn
he's too hard working and he's too good of a kid not to figure it out, and he's going to.
So I don't want any of that to be lost in all this.
And then against St. Louis, I think he ended up
having to assist the game after that.
So he's on quite the run right now.
He's gonna be getting a little bit of a rest here
for four nations, but I like snapping around with you boys
and having a good conversation about everything
that happened, so I think that we pretty much
covered all points. And Chicago going at you, like the Blackhawks going at you is just awesome.
That is what the league needs.
Just like going at the most popular analyst in hockey, like, fuck this plug,
putting up your stats next to his.
I mean, that is an amazing troll.
Like, whoever thought of that is a genius.
Well, most people who have a brain only care
about penalty minutes and plus minus and I got them in both categories. By the way Biz,
I think of your seven goals two being game winners is pretty crazy. That's not bad.
That's not bad. It should have been three until we went we gave up five unanswered against San
Jose at the Shark Tank. Remember that knee drop one tee from Oliver?
It was a bomb.
We went up three nothing.
I felt on top of the world.
Even after the game though, we lost five unanswered
on the fucking going around, fuck.
Little towel around my waist.
Ah, fuck it.
When's the power play meeting?
Hey, when's the power play meeting?
Frank Sarah Valley did bring up the point.
I think Frank was more hurt than Connor was.
Yeah, Frank was rattled.
To be fair, he probably thought that I'd heard
what Mess and PK said.
So he's probably like, why is everybody just piling on?
This just feels like too easy.
I did not see what they said.
But it was something you saw during the game.
What?
It was something you saw during the game
that you were working.
I know.
But do you not feel like the, like, is it the semantics?
Is that the word I'm looking for?
I don't know.
You haven't said the sentence yet.
Depends what you're saying.
We need the context.
It didn't look great at the fact that five days before,
they were Chirping Bedard and then I was.
Like, it didn't look.
Is that the semantics of it all?
No, that's not semantics.
That's not semantics.
What is it?
I don't know.
Optics. Optics.
Optics. Optics.
Optics, Keithy!
It's like me saying Valiant when I end.
It's the fresh air here.
Cause optics and semantics, it ends with that Colorado air,
those 10 runs this morning.
Yeah, just like the Pink Whitney's kicking in.
Just like a line of element. That rich just like the Pink Whitney's kick in.
That rich flight from Lauderdale directly to Steamboat.
So the NHL's on a 12 day break right now
for the four nations.
Very amazing time for guys when you got that break.
God damn, we can go into that.
But before we go into that, I want to mention
to everyone in Montreal and Boston,
we are going to be in attendance. We are going to be up in Montreal. I get in Thursday. I'm actually driving, boys.
I looked at the flights, just horrible flight options. I'm going to hop in my car. I'm
going to drive up to Montreal with my ulcer, and I'm going to drive home after on Sunday.
So I think that what I want everyone to know is that we have a Pink Whitney party in Montreal and Boston
But Saturday February 15th the pregame in Montreal at MVP Sports Bar from 5 at 530
200 st. Catherine Street and
That'll be before the US-Canada game earlier in the day
We'll be heading into Sweden Finland, and then there's a break and then US-Canada at the Bell Center
Saturday night holy shit come with us at MVP Sports Bar beforehand at 530. We can hang out. We could do some
Pink Whitney. We can get all fired up, talk some shit, US versus Canada, and head on into what
should be an incredible game. And then also Thursday, February 20th, we're going to prepare
for the championship game at the greatest bar in Boston at 262 Friends Street right across from the Garden.
Biz won't be there for that one.
He's got a crazy travel schedule.
I think Jens won't be there either, but I'll be there with Murls and G and we'll be ready
to meet a bunch of you guys in Boston before hopefully what is a US Canada final as well.
Colby Armstrong will be there also.
I should have mentioned the arm dog. But boys, bummer
for Keith Murlz and myself, Quinn Hughes. I think a guy who should be in the MVP discussion
this year, he's in the MVP discussion, should be probably top three if the season were to
end right now. He had to bow out and it's a kick in the dick for United States hockey fans,
it's a kick in the dick for the coaching staff
and the general manager, Bill Guerin,
but it's more of a kick in the dick for Quinn himself.
I mean, to get to go play with your brother Jack
and to represent your country as, if not the best,
the second best defenseman on the planet
next to Kale McCarr, it just sucks.
It's a shitty thing, everyone, even Canadian fans,
I think are disappointed to not get to watch this guy
and Kale McCarr go head to head, US first Canada,
and it just sucks, but I get it.
And it all comes down to an injury he's been battling,
and I think he's battled several injuries this year,
he's played through a lot, he's carried Vancouver,
who's gone 3-0-1 since the JT Miller trade.
They're buzzing, boys.
They're buzzing right now. And he wasn't able to play Saturday against the Leafs. You saw
him skating around, twirling around, trying to give it a go. And this is all about what
he needed to do for the Canucks and their chance at getting in the playoffs and winning
a Stanley Cup. I get it. I think Canucks fans should really respect it, but it sucks for
the tournament as a whole.
No doubt. Silver lining. Sanderson steps in from Ottawa.
My twin.
Witt's love child. And I think that this is like, the silver lining is, is you're going
to get a chance to take a look at the next wave of American defensemen who, man, this
is a nice little teaser for him.
Maybe this helps accelerate him to make in the Olympic team next year.
So this is a guy who deserves to be on this team.
He's not as good as those other players because of how strong the back end,
probably the strongest back end from from a one to seven perspective
of any team in the tournament.
And he gets to join them and gain that experience against best on best. So as far as Quinn Hughes, man, you can't replace a guy like that. He's a
one man breakout, like even defensively, like you, I know, I know he's not the biggest guy,
but he closes on guys. He angles them properly. The way he's able to walk the line. I don't
know if you guys see that video the other day that one of those jock sniffers posted
where he just fucking baits guys in banks it off the wall to himself. And then he's guys see that video the other day that one of those jock sniffers posted where
he just fucking baits guys in banks it off the wall to himself and then he's
escape move and he's got the lane to the net like he is a fucking water bug on
on the blue line Kale McCarr is the only other guy better but they do it a little
bit differently in my opinion but it is just fascinating to watch. Keith you you
tried some crazy things, wild skill on yourself
when you played, but his little like tight turns an inch
from the blue line, it's wild to see.
Dude.
I don't know how you even have the balls
to try something like that.
Because it's always like your last guy back,
don't try to do anything stupid.
And it looks like the coach is like, hey,
do whatever you want to do with the blue line because we know you can do
it but obviously this hurts the USA I think it's gonna hurt the power play a
little bit even though that they have you know Fox and Warren ski to you know
kind of you know pick up the pieces a little bit but I thought Billy G was
gonna bring in Luke Hughes I thought I thought John Carlson I thought John
Carlson yeah hit the clock.
I would pick John over him.
That's what I was surprised about, a cup champ.
But Sanderson is, I think, a guy who they're probably penciling into on the Olympic roster
next year, so it makes sense.
He's played phenomenal lately for Ottawa, and I think he's somewhat similar to Quinn
Hughes, but based on the lines today, he's actually the seventh defenseman.
So we'll see how he fits into the lineup, but it does suck to lose your best defenseman, and you're bringing in a guy who then is kind of slated in as a guy who won't be doing much.
Kind of the wit roll in the Olympics, besides every time being on the ice, you're a minus. I don't think that'll happen to Jake, but I still think it's a good thing for him. It just it stinks and and Elliot Friedman
mentioned it was it was like an agonizing decision for Quinn Hughes
because like you're like oh I will do anything to play in this and it kind of
goes into Crosby who is okay to go he will be playing on Wednesday night
against Sweden. He sat out the Penguins final game before the break.
And I think people were like, oh shit, is he injured?
Where?
The Penguins are out, they're done this year.
This is like, this is kinda all Sid has this season.
If Vancouver's sitting in a spot like Pittsburgh,
or sitting in a spot like the Blackhawks
or the San Jose Sharks, maybe Quinn Hughes is here.
Because it's almost like, I'm not,
me in the lineup, it doesn't change us
getting into the playoffs or not.
Kind of like Sid.
Whereas Quinn Hughes is like,
I need to play for us because we are in the mix right now.
So Sid being healthy, I saw a couple of America tweets,
oh fuck, Sid's healthy.
It's like, no, no, no, we want him playing.
The game wants him playing, the league wants him playing.
And as an American, like if you beat Canada, you want Crosby in the lineup. Like you don't want to be able to say, oh, Sid wasn't playing. The game wants them playing. The league wants them playing. And as an American, like if you beat Canada, you want Crosby in the lineup. Like you don't
want to be able to say, oh, Sid wasn't playing. It is so cool to see this guy.
And quickly, let me just go over the lines. More so the first power play on
Canada. I almost puked. I think Brad Marshawn was asked, how do you defend this
power play? He said, just put three goalies in net
So the first line is stone with Crosby and McKinnon and then you got McDavid with Marner and Reinhardt the first power Place Crosby McKinnon McCarr McDavid Reinhardt like what the fuck
I don't think I've ever heard of a power
No
Maybe Canada Cup with Gretzky and Lemieux, but this is wild to see the special teams
that these teams will all put on,
but Canada's just blew me away.
Looking at it, listening out.
I'm interested to know what Jans thinks about,
sometimes is it too much,
where there's maybe too much delegation and respect
for all five guys on the ice?
You might need not only three goalies,
but three fucking pucks for the amount of touches
these guys need, and how quickly can you like gain chemistry?
Yeah, I think you, um, I think they can gain it. I think there are,
there are obviously high, high, uh, hockey IQ guys,
but I think that the one thing that they need is that one shooter.
Like USA is going to have, you know, uh,
Matthew's out there who's kind of going to be their shooter. Canada, to me,
it looks like it could be like a power play that you see at an all-star game where
they're just embarrassing teams by snapping it around putting it through the
seam, McCarr dangling at the blue line, but you got to have that one guy who's
gonna shoot and I don't see that. Yeah, Reinhardt. But he's gonna be in the
middle the middle pop guy they're probably gonna try to take him away and
I think that they're just gonna seem every team to But I just, you hope to see that someone's just
going to take the reins and just be like, Hey, someone's got to shoot the puck.
You know, what do you mean by seem them to death? Just, you know, passing it seem to
seem like cross ice, you know, from like, David, a dry saddle back door. Talk to him
like a child. He was, he didn't play power play. No, I'm asking for the people listening.
You fucking tell me. So on the power play with one flank guy coming down the left side one on the right side
They're just gonna be passing it back and forth up for the one-timer faking it passing it back another seam up top down across
It's just gonna be I think there's gonna be a lot of passing
a lot of like the first for the first one or two power plays and then
Someone like the coach is gonna be like hey guys
Someone's gonna shoot the puck here like we can't pass the puck into
the net so but it's gonna be fun to watch I think that if you remember Kale
McCarr he he played at UMass dominated for two years won the Hobie Baker and
then he hopped right into Colorado's lineup in the playoffs and he had no
problem looking off McKinnon and ripping the puck and I don't think
McCarr's got a problem doing it with these guys either.
And I think you're going to see him like, hey, you want to try to take away Reinhardt
in the middle, you want to try to take away the seam to McKinnon, give it to me up top.
And he risks it too.
He doesn't even take many one timers, I feel like.
He's got one of those rocket wrist shots.
And I see him as having no problem just letting it fly in front.
And I think that you're going to see that somebody has to do it.
And just based on McCarr doing it, coming from the hockey east
into the Stanley Cup playoffs, the first year he joined,
I could see him doing it again with this group.
But an amazing talent, an amazing talent.
And just to finish off, Canada's times.
I was going to ask Keith one more question.
What would have more seammen, the Canadian power play
or Bonnie Blue OnlyFans 1000 video?
Broaden up.
Another thing I wanna say about the Hughes thing
and Sid situation, like you said with Sid,
kind of this is what he's playing for this year
and Sid wasn't able to, cause they didn't have,
we missed a bunch of Olympics and all these things so the way that the game's looking it
looks like we're gonna have these the next couple years so Quinn Hughes is
probably in the back of his mind like hey I got I got these coming up every
other year or whatever so yeah yeah let me quickly say before we break down one
more thing I want to mention on Canada.
We have to have this tournament before training camp.
This is now, with Petrangelo's out, Finland's lost half their team to injury.
We got William Carlson's out for Sweden.
This tournament has to be before training camp in September.
I don't want to hear that there's football going on.
I don't want to hear any of the nonsense.
Everyone's healthy at the beginning of September.
The hockey world will be watching.
Don't have the game any games on Sunday.
I mean, I know Saturday's college football.
You could play no games on Saturday or Sunday.
People will still be watching.
This tournament cannot be midseason.
It's too important to the league and international hockey to have this many
important players missing based on injuries. And all these guys are
thinking about the Stanley Cup. This is a preseason tournament. It's the same way
they did it in 96. It's the same way they did it in 2016. It has to be before camp.
And then it creates a buzz that leads into the regular season because this regular season
Let's be honest has not been that special
There hasn't been a ton to write home about in my compared to last year when it was just out of this world entertainment
I think this year's been a little slow and now this this tournament maybe helps out
But I think this is a preseason tournament going forward. Okay, I'll leave that TV timeouts
They should start to see I know they kind of already do this when does the season start like middle of October
Is you start October 10th October 10th ish?
Maybe backing it up to the end of October doing no all-star game
Nothing like just keep playing games this period of time and go head-to-head with the NFL at the end of October doing no all star game, nothing like just keep playing games
this period of time and go head to head with the NFL at the start of the season. Like we
keep talking about.
Just play every game on Sunday.
It's best on best. At least you have a chance rather than game three of 18 for the NFL.
I think NFL's sick, sick people though with the gambling.
Yeah. We'll get Nickle back at our halftime show instead of Kendrick and we'll be fucking dummy in them with the views
So Drew Doughty was announced as
The replacement for Alex Petrangelo no-brainer to me
With what he's done and accomplished
I think that this makes total sense and and he now joins Marshawn and
Crosby as the only two guys,
only the three guys who were a part of, what was it,
the last team, best on best, 2016 I believe, right?
So you look at those three guys have been doing it
at this high of a level for that long,
that they have those three.
And Doughty, he would do anything there.
He would show up, and right now he has listed, he's listed as one of the pairings, the top
six.
I believe the guy they had sitting out was Travis Sandheim as the seventh defenseman,
similar to Jake Sanderson on Team USA.
But Doughty's there to be Drew Doughty, to be entertaining, to be a team guy, the locker
room vibes, the laughing, the smiling.
He would have gone there and played one shift a game and not given a flying fuck no sure the fact that you could bring
In a guy who has the gold medal who has two gold medals who has the World Cup
Championship from 16 like I don't even think this was a discussion and good for him to be able to come back and play
And be ready to go in time for this thing after that injury
I completely agree with everything you're saying.
When things are a little tight, a little tense
before the big game in Boston, when it's Canada, US,
and McDavid's feeling a little bit of pressure,
you know Dewey's coming in there naked,
helicopter cock, loosening everybody up,
like fuck it, boys are in stitches before puck drop
and all of a sudden it's a drumming, seven one,
and he's probably getting two apples.
So we heard a story about showing up late
for the gold medal they won in Vancouver.
Like nothing happened.
Was it Mike Richards who told that story?
That was incredible.
Like there are certain guys who are made for the moment
and Drew Doughty was made for the moment.
I will say as an American fan in this tournament,
Canada adding Dewey scares me a little bit.
Yes. Yeah, I know. Just from what you guys said around the locker room on the ice nobody
can do but he's gonna be shut down the greatest bar with you guys and then
lighting it up the next night the rest of our team Canada's lines we got Brad
Marshawn with Braden Point and Seth Jarvis and then Sam the Menace
Bennett with Sorelli and Hagel. So just a wagon up front for Team USA based on
the first practice. We're looking at Kyle Connor with Eichel and Matthew Kachuk,
Jake Gensel with Austin Matthews, Biz's boy, and Jack Hughes, Brady Kachuk with
JT Miller and Matt Boldy,
and then Brock Nelson with Vincent Trotrek,
Dylan Larkin, Kreider was rotating with Larkin.
Based on the way Kreider's played,
I mean, I can't imagine he plays
more than three shifts a game.
Maybe I'm wrong, and we figure out something else.
On D, they had Jacob Slaven with Adam Fox,
Zach Warencki with Charlie McEvoy, what a
pairing that is, and Noah Hanifin with Brock Faber. So Sanderson's the seventh. I think that
this is just going to be such a special tournament. I'd love to get your guys' predictions before we
move on here. Question before the prediction. Is it like, I know they're doing NHL rules, but like,
wait, when you were the seventh D at Olympics, can they have that extra D? Yeah. Yeah, I don't know if it's the same
Can you dress an extra guy? I think you can I know in the Olympics you could they were dressing
It felt like we were dressing like nobody didn't dress at the Olympics, right?
We just me and Bobby Ryan just sat there and tried to make you sit on the back bench
Or would you sit on the normal one?
I would, I would stand next to Torts and I got him some water. What do you mean on the back bench?
Like sometimes they got that, like, uh, sometimes there's like a, like a,
like the hallway there and they got a couple chairs or like, uh, maybe some.
No, we got to sit with the players. I bought, I bought tickets. I bought tickets.
Well, I think some of the benches are of the bench or a little grab the extra guy. I don't want to take up guys leg room sitting on
my Harley. No, they have the bigger benches for Olympics. The long. Yeah,
they got the add the benches and the rules. Actually, sorry, never been. You
bring up the rules. NHL rules except for overtime, which would be 10 minutes for
round robin games. It'll be, you know, golden goal, I guess, or sudden death in the championship game.
Five on five?
I believe so. It doesn't, although it says NHL rules except overtime.
So I don't think it will be three on three. That's cheap.
Try to look that up quick. But they're doing what they possibly should do in the regular season,
which is three points for a win in regulation, two points for a win in an overtime or shootout, one point for a loss in an overtime or shootout.
And then the top two teams advance to a one game final.
So it's just based on points, points picked up in the three games that you play.
And then those two best teams will face off in Boston on February 20th.
So I guess Biz, you can give your prediction.
I know where this is going.
Canada boys. Come on. this is going. Canada, boys.
Come on.
You ain't stopping Canada.
I have a-
No, no, especially after this tariff nonsense,
they're gonna go in there and beat them 10-1.
And if Trump had any fucking balls,
he'd bet the tariffs on this game
and we'll fucking drum them 20 to one.
Let's go Canada, we ain't fucking around.
Don't poke the bear.
We got all the natural resources
and we got the best hockey players in the world, right folks all you Canadians listening
Let's get fucking fired up and fuck these idiots up. Let's go, baby
It's three on three in In the round robin, but over time,
sudden death will be five on five in the championship game.
So they're not going with,
they're not going with the world junior rule
of three on three in the gold medal game OT.
They're sticking a five on five, 20 minute periods.
Play till a goddamn goal scored, guys.
The way hockey was meant to be played.
The three on three over time is gonna be,
For 10 minutes. Because it's all superstars. It should, it shouldn't be first goal wins. It could,
they should let it be as many goals as you can score.
Yeah, they go to OT 2-2 and it finishes like 14 to 11. We're like, Holy shit.
Especially with Canada's goalies. The last time they did it,
wasn't it team North America, the young guns were,
they didn't they have a three
on three OT against like Sweden? It was nuts. It was back and forth, back and forth, back
and forth.
McKinnon got it.
Yeah. No one was stopping in front of the net.
Here we go.
Grunelli's prediction, USA beats Canada at the Boston Garden in the championship game.
Jack Eichel scores the golden goal, drinks on the Grinnell tab all night at the greatest
bar.
Keith?
I'm going USA obviously.
I think Finland having a lot of injuries really helps the other teams because I think people
were sleeping on Finland a little bit, but they're a little banged up going into this tournament but
just like everybody else in the world I need I want and I I have to have it USA
Canada finals in Boston it would not see what he's doing right now no peeing in a
water bottle yeah he's a sick prick. As I'm giving my prediction.
Because you know what they say, Biz?
That's what he thinks of us, Keith.
That's what he thinks of us.
Yeah, this is what you're doing to the United States.
No respect for America right there, Biz.
Absolute trash.
You're a coward, just like your old man.
He's from Welland.
Trash bucket city peeing in a bottle.
Well, shut out the body armor with the wide nozzle.
Yeah, I'm sure body armor loves you hosing in their water
bottle.
What do you mean?
When you're on like a long drive or something,
stuck on the highway?
Come on, baby, shut out the body armor.
Buddy, I seen your hose.
You don't need a wide bottle to get in there to clean a bottle.
He's got the squeeze cap on.
But you know what they say?
They got the defense, goaltending wins these type
of tournaments, and USA's got the goaltending Canada, you know, if it gets,
he just smelt his fingers.
The Canada's Canada's hurting a little bit in the
goaltending department.
Obviously any one of those guys could show up and be absolutely
lights out for a week.
But for me, I look at the backend of USA and the
goaltending, you could put any one of those three guys in for
team USA and the goaltending. You could put any one of those three guys in for Team USA and win that tournament. So red, white and blue, baby. Just like that jersey
hanging right behind my good friend Ryan Whitney's jersey.
Keep talking out of your ass.
Hey, Biz, you got no goddamn, you got no, no goddamn clue what you're talking about.
Team USA has reached a different level and I've talked about it ad nauseam.
Yeah, that's a word or two words, Biz.
Ad nauseam, I think it's two words over the course of the history of spitting chiclets.
We have arrived.
We are now equal with you.
We are.
And I understand that Connor and McKinnon, they might be a step above.
But when you look at our team and you look at everything that that encapsulates, I'm
talking goaltending.
We have the best goalie in the world, Connor Hellebuck.
Easily.
Heard of him.
We got the best six defensemen in this tournament.
I actually really like Sweden's day.
We got the best six defensemen.
And we have a group of forwards who now have the same skill as Canada, the same snarl as
Canada, the same fuck you mentality that you've had
for all these years and all these years
of Canadian dominance.
I think I got 15 different bets
with random Twitter people about this tournament.
Who's gonna take it down?
It's time for us to win a best on best.
1996 was our last one, buddy,
and it's coming again this year in Boston.
I like the fact that Jack Eichel, former Boston University Terrier, gets the winning goal.
Maybe it's Austin Matthews from Scottsdale.
Scottsdale, Arizona has now produced one of the greatest hockey players in the world.
That's because we're a country of 330 million people, and they're all playing hockey now,
baby.
They're all getting in the mix.
Bring it on, buddy.
They can skate. Bring it on. They can all getting in the mix. Bring it on, buddy! They can skate.
Bring it on!
They can pass.
Bring on Trump!
And they can be mean.
Bring on Musk.
Bring RFK.
Musk is from South Africa, you dumb fuck.
You can bring Bezos if you want.
You ain't doing shit, buddy.
I don't want him.
I don't want him.
I know you'll probably take his girl.
So I'll tell you.
We're going to sink you and his megayacht, you fuck.
You're going down, bitch.
I ain't going on his megayacht.
It's going to come down to goaltending
in a quick little tourney, and we don't just have one.
We got three studs.
We didn't even need to bring
our best goaltender, you fucking peasant.
What do you mean, Flurry?
We left Logan Thompson at home.
We didn't even need him.
Just to give you guys maybe a little bit of a chance.
It's gonna look like the Eagles and KFC
and the Super Bowl, baby.
I'll tell you, Canadians, all you Canadians Super Bowl baby. I'll tell you Canadians all you Canadians listening
Remember when we're hoisting whatever this trophy looks like on the Garden Ice on February 20th
It's a number United States of America
Just remember that Paul Bissonnette's the reason because he pissed in a fucking water bottle as Keith was talking about our country
And our team and our players. Yes, you did.
You scrumpled up your three inch.
No, it was a Flash IV bottle.
It was a Flash IV.
Yeah, okay.
You had your three inch covered wagon.
The new hydration formula from Body Armor.
And you were peeing as we talked about our country's team.
So fuck you and fuck Canada for these couple weeks.
This is what you guys are going to be drinking when we take your fresh water away, you fucking
bitches.
Oh, man.
So fucking shove those tariffs up your ass.
Mixing a water, mixing a Body Armor Flash. Shove those fucking tariffs up your ass. Alright?
We can now throw it over to a special guest. Mike Keenan. Iron Mike as they call him. In
Keith's house in Fort Lauderdale. Phenomenal interview and I think he coached a Canada
Cup team. So he's a guy who's been around best on best in the 80s. So right now, none other than Iron Mike.
Guys, Dwight here, and I want you to let everyone know that this episode is brought to you by Body
Armor Flash IV. Biz has been drinking this thing all show. It's phenomenal. All the competitors have
nothing on Body Armor and their Flash IV, and it's time to reach for real hydration with Body Armor Flash IV packed with electrolytes, zinc for added
immune boost, and no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes. Flash IV
provides the rehydration your body needs. Whether you are feeling under the
weather, have a stomach ulcer, just had an intense workout, or recovering from a
long weekend, Body Armor Flash IV helps bring you
back.
Get yours right now at Walmart or a local grocery store near you.
And since the Super Bowl and the Waste Management Wild Weekend just ended, nothing is better
than Flash IV to get yourself feeling normal again, get back to level, get back to square
and feel good, and get to have a great tasting drink while you're doing it.
That's Body Armor Flash IV.
Right now go to Walmart or your local grocery store near you
and get involved with Body Armor.
What a pleasure now to be joined for the second time.
But this is even better because this one's in person.
Iron Mike Keenan, what's going on?
How you doing?
Hey, great guys.
Nice to be here, old neighborhood of mine.
Not too far, a lot of friendly bars around.
Yup.
That I know.
Oh, I've forgotten.
Yeah.
Yeah, for people who don't know.
Even that's why I'm so raspy.
Yeah, Yans was saying it's a permanent.
I didn't come in that early though.
Permanent from yelling at your players all those years.
Yeah, I never said that.
Those are all rumors. I said that's a rumor. Yeah, you're so full of shit, your eyes are brown at your players all those years. You said those are all rumors.
I said that's a rumor.
Yeah, you're so full of shit.
Your eyes are brown, your breast stinks, buddy.
We know that.
They had fun though.
Oh, I bet they did.
They had fun.
So you're in Key West now, you were telling us.
Living down there and you've had it for 25 years?
25 years, I bought a place down there.
And actually, why I did it, I was coaching and managing here in Florida
and I said I gotta go somewhere where you can walk around
nobody bothers you.
So that was the place, they don't care who you are there.
Sit down, have a beer and you're on your own.
Who would be bothering you, your former players
trying to get back to you?
You'd be surprised how many former players
I would run into in Key West.
Really?
Oh yeah, because they wanted to come down,
they got a few days off, and they show up.
They're like, what the fuck are you doing here, Mike?
Yeah, you couldn't stay away from me, could you?
Yeah, you tell the reporters you hated me
for all the studs I pulled, but you can't get away from me. So that was one of the first things I think I asked you when we had you on the last time.
Like, are you aware of this kind of this persona that you've built up media wise throughout all the years of coaching and all these wacky stories that we ended up hearing?
I've heard a little bit about it.
I don't know how many are true, but.
Did you, did you enjoy?
It's kind of the life of its own now.
Did you enjoy testing It's kind of life of its own now.
Did you enjoy testing your players like that?
And from my understanding from talking to guys who played for you, you actually enjoyed
the guys most when you would kind of test them a little bit when they would come back
and they...
Yeah, when they responded, I liked it a lot.
And I was pushing them.
And as you guys know, it's not easy to win.
And you have to be doing something exceptional.
It's not normal, it's not average to win in the NHL.
So to stretch them a bit.
And a lot of guys probably learned
that they could be better than they thought they could be.
They had their own built-in expectations or what they thought of themselves of how good they could be better than they thought they could be. They had their own built-in expectations
or what they thought of themselves
of how good they could be,
and then all of a sudden they said,
well, I can do that.
So that was part of the rationale.
Like being challenged almost opened up
like new windows for them to see who they were.
Absolutely.
I said, you can do better than that.
And of course, some would get offended, like I'm not doing enough. I said, you can do better than that. And of course, some would get offended,
like I'm not doing enough.
No.
The idea here is to win.
That takes abnormal behavior.
That's what you maybe noticed,
is that you'd talk to guys who they thought
were lightening up, or they were lightening up,
and you were always like, but there's more.
Yeah.
Yeah, so you get on the guys.
That was intimidating to them a little bit,
not intimidated by me, but of the idea
that I could actually do something better than I'm doing.
And once they got to a certain level,
then they said, yeah, maybe I can even do more.
You didn't just win a cup.
You won a title in the OHL,
you won a title in the American League you want a title in
Russia so every place you've been you've won
So it's like when you say that it's a lot easier to call guys out like I've seen winning teams
I know yeah well that helped for sure and I had
look at you don't win unless you have really great players and
I had great players and and yeah, I they helped
Develop them to a certain extent
and developed the team and put the team together and made them believe that they could win.
But you have to have the ability to be able to do it too.
As I said, if you're off camera,
if we're on camera or off or whatever,
it's not easy to win.
It's tough, really tough.
Did you learn that as a coach,
or was that something that was almost instilled in you
is when you were a player and you had a coach like that,
and that's kind of just the philosophy you ran with,
because you had instant success.
I think you made playoffs your first 11 years
as head coach in the National Hockey League,
so that's pretty impressive.
Where did that all come from?
My mother.
I, she, I, I had a very demanding mother and, uh, built in high expectations.
I was the oldest child and, um, she just said, uh, and my dad was a factory worker
in Jenna Morris, electrician, he became electrician and, and the whole, uh,
Keenan family worked in General Motors,
like 150 years of history there. And in fact,
when I graduated from university, they offered me an unbelievable job. I said,
I'm not going there. That's going to stop.
And my cousins and other folks said, anyway, they'll, uh,
my mother instilled in me this
attitude of, of you've got to go beyond what you
think you're, you should.
She wanted to better yourself.
Yeah.
That was probably where it started.
And then, uh, you know, I started, uh, coaching.
I had good coaches, a fellow named Doug Williams.
God bless his soul.
He's passed the play for the Whitby Dunlops with Harry
Sindon and they won the real chance.
I was a stick boy for that team, 1958.
So sort of influenced by them.
My dad's two first cousins played on the team.
Ted O'Connor became a scout
with Los Angeles and Tom O'Connor. So it doesn't get any more Irish than that, Keenan O'Connor.
And so then I had good people that pushed me. And I learned a lot when I went to University of Toronto after the grad school Tom
Watt had won nine national championships so I walked into that room and was like walking the
old Montreal Canaries were like you don't we don't lose here I was like oh my god I don't even if I
can make the team and I'd already been invited and I just came back from the
from the camp for Atlanta Flames
Cliff Fletcher invited me when I graduated from st
Lawrence, so they went back to graduate they wanted me to play in the minors for a year
I said no, I want to go back to grad school not knowing you wanted to coach yet, uh, uh, I went to grad school and then I played minor pro, won a
championship, and then I went back and started teaching and I was my first
hockey coaching job was playing coach.
And that really helped me a lot because when I accelerated quickly and got to
men in the American league, I knew, like I had
coached many guys who played in NHL, many guys who played in the WHA.
One of the biggest names was Eddie Shaq and he was a pain in the ass.
I bless him.
But you know, I had some experience.
And then some of the other teams that I coached, the first team
where I really got the bug about coaching was lacrosse.
I had done Mills Collegiate in Toronto and I had played lacrosse, but the Osh was a big
hotbed for lacrosse.
So I had played it and they said, well, we needed lacrosse coach.
And I was 24 years old or something like that.
And you know, I got the bug, I'd make them run, but I'd run with them.
Five miles every morning, 7am down Don Valley.
I don't know if you guys know Toronto.
Oh yeah, the parkway.
Yep.
I've ridden along there.
And then, uh, and I also coached, uh, female swimming over at forest hill.
What?
And, uh, I did.
What the fuck, you know, what swim?
Tread water longer.
I was actually a good swimmer.
Were you?
I was, I was a good athlete.
Those shoulders?
Wanna race?
Back then.
Those shoulders.
Yeah, not now.
I actually, you, you guys wouldn't know this.
You're like, I, I, I had some success as an athlete as a young one.
I was athlete of the year in my high school in ninth grade, which is unheard of played played for the hockey team and then played basketball. Did it all point guard
and track and field. So, oh shit. Yeah. So that I, it's interesting you say get the bug
like golf, like you just, yeah, it matters sport coaching, you just loved it. Well, we won the championship for the, that school district, Don Mills for lacrosse. And
those kids really, I enjoyed coaching them and I enjoyed being with them. I really liked it and
liked helping those young kids and saw results. And just as we were talking, they got better and better and better.
So, and until we finally won.
And then once you win, it gets, it's contagious.
I mean, you expect to win and that's how that keeps evolving and developing.
So it was a interesting.
And then I also was playing senior A well.
I was coaching high school and broke my shoulder very badly, but then I rehabbed and I was actually
in the 1980 Olympic program for Canada
when the Miracle in Iceland kids went in Lake Placid.
Tom Watt, Clare Drake.
I think we had Jim Nill on the podcast
who was a member of that team, wasn't he?
He was, yes.
Yeah. So Greg Millon was the goalie.
We were four teams. I played defense and, uh,
I'd go back to get the puck and he'd shoot it away and a little bastard.
So I said, stop doing that either set it for it or pass it.
I'll, you know, I'll post up and pass it up.
But I just got right back.
Anyway, I'm alluding to that particular experience
because I'm now the general manager in Chicago.
I trade for him.
I said, come on in here.
I said, payback's a bitch.
No stick.
But he was also my roommate in the Olympic program.
And he was just at a junior and one night he was fired up and I was quite serious about
it and trying to stay ready.
And I was one of the older guys in the camp.
He comes in throws a bucket of water on me in the middle of the night.
If I get my hands on you, you're done.
He runs.
That's why I said paybacks a bit. Oh yeah. That's why he's a payback's a bitch.
Oh yeah, that's what you got him back for.
Anyway, yeah.
I'm looking here and maybe it's incorrect,
but coach Rochester Americans, 81, 82, 83, you win it all.
But then 83, 84, there's nothing.
And then 84, 85, you're the coach of the Flyers.
Was there a year off?
University of Toronto, we won the national championship.
Okay.
No, the swim team. No, it wasn't the swim team. Did you, was there a year off? University of Toronto, we won the national championship. Okay. No, the swim team.
That wasn't this one.
Yeah. I graduated.
You ready to be done with like pro hockey or?
No, I just needed a different, uh, opportunity.
Uh, Scotty Bowman hired me from Peterborough.
He coached in Peterborough and Roger Nielsen coached in
Peterborough. They were both following me in Peterborough and Roger Nielsen coached in Peterborough.
They were both following me in Peterborough.
We win in Peterborough.
And then I go to Rochester.
We win Scotty.
I got some great Scotty Bowman stories coming down to visit me.
But anyway, then I, when I won the championship, I said, Scotty, you got Roger Nielsen, Jimmy
Roberts, Red Berenson and yourself. I said, Scotty, you got Roger Nielsen, Jimmy Roberts, Red Berenson,
and yourself. I said, I need a different experience. I'm not staying in Rochester and there's no
room for me in Buffalo. So I went to University of Toronto. They, they come after me, hired
me and then we won the national championship. That's the last time they won.
Holy shit. And then the Flyers are willing to hire you from there.
Yeah. And the hell that started out was Gary Darling, who was in Peterbo as a scout.
He recruited me a little bit and then told the Snyders they had not GMed yet because Bobby Clark
hadn't decided what he wanted to do yet. So it was an interesting exercise because
So it was an interesting exercise because I had to write a position paper that was prepared by the Wharton School of Business.
So I said, well, there's not going to be too many guys can do this.
It was like 20 pages.
And so then Clarkie agreed that he'd become the GM.
Then I had to go through the process with him
and be interviewed again, but he hired me
and I had a good start there.
Well, it's crazy.
So you won it in Rochester in the AHL.
You go to Toronto, you win it.
You go to Philly first year, you go to the finals.
You must have been like, we got this thing in the bag.
I'm winning championships every year.
No, I wasn't that cocky, but I was confident.
And Mr. Snyder said, and God bless him,
he said, Mike, if you make the playoffs,
I'll kiss your ass at center ice.
Oh, nice.
Nice, okay.
So we're late in the season, like the last five games,
and we lose in the spectrum.
Now we didn't lose many games.
We won 53 games, I think that year.
He comes running down the hall
and people are just scattering.
I stand right in the hall.
He comes up to me, he says,
we're not ready for the playoffs.
I said, you want to kiss my ass now?
Or do you want me to go out and send her ice?
To the owner.
And I said, that's what you said you do.
If we'd made the playoffs, we're going to end up presence trophy.
He apologized.
He says, I'm sorry.
Turn around and said, never happened again.
Wow.
That's it.
I heard, I heard he was like the best guy ever.
Like my little time there, obviously he passed, but like what he did for that
community, the whole like a family. Yeah, that's what's what it was yeah is that what you felt there yeah he was it
was really good organization to start with I was fortunate and we did well you
know and then we had the tragedy with Pelly Lindbergh was killed and we got
Hexey and then we got back to the finals. So, and seven games against the great one
and that machine.
So that was, we scared them, but we couldn't beat them.
And we had so many injuries, it was unbelievable.
How'd that series go?
Well, I was, sorry, sorry.
No worries, I was just gonna say,
from talking to Wayne, they had a philosophy
going against you guys because, well,
the one time you guys had Hextall,
and he was so good at playing the puck, right?
And like, I mean, was that kind of like
the first of its kind at that time?
Like who was able to play the puck as far as goalies?
Well, Mark Howe, he said he put years on my career
because Mark would just post up with the far blue line.
Hex, he'd have it pass, it would go to him.
So it was unique and then, you know, we were really banged up.
So I was really proud of him.
We went the distance.
Timmy Kerr was our top scorer.
He didn't even play in the series.
He got hurt.
Oh.
So he went to game seven.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hextall is a fiery guy.
You guys must've had some, some battles.
No, but I'll tell you a little story.
So Hexy wanted to concentrate in the warmup and Proppy Brian prop would stand
over here in the corner and shoot the puck off his ass and the net and Hexy says
Brian, don't do that anymore. Please. I'm trying to concentrate on the warmup.
Proppy goes in. Well, honestly, God, it was unbelievable.
I was in the dressing room.
Probably sitting there.
He's got his helmet off and I see Hexy coming straight up the runway.
And now the goalie stick goes up and he goes bang.
There's two layers of wood that are for your locker.
The first one splits.
The second one splits his goalie stick. Otherwise Proppy
He's good at it. He was gonna eat one right in the middle of forehead. Yeah, he told him
Yeah, don't do that anymore so probably didn't do it after that nobody fucked with Hexie. Yeah. Oh my god
I'm just going back you mentioned
Bowman like what were some of the stuff that you learned from him and, and,
and just, you mentioned some funny stories with him.
It must've just been like, uh, like going to university every day.
Well, it was great because he took a liking to me and I think he saw a
little bit of himself in me. He coached in Peterborough.
He wanted to be a player. He got hurt. I got hurt. Uh, we both coached in Peterborough. Then wanted to be a player. He got hurt. I got hurt.
We both coached in Peterborough.
Then we went on to pro.
And I think he saw somewhat of the same personality a little bit.
And he was, he was great though, because he could drive down to Rochester from Buffalo
to watch us often, not as much as he'd like, but often,
or he'd send Jimmy Robertson Red Baronson down or Roger Nielsen to critique the
team.
But he would get there and they would get in the car and get in that car phone
and drive all the way back to Buffalo, which would be an hour and a half.
And I didn't have to be on the explain and tell them why,
what I did and why I did it. No way. Yeah, everything.
And then- He'd remember little like, maybe-
Why'd you put a long grain out in the penalty kill
on that one?
And he had just finished his shift.
So he had a photographic memory about the game,
but so did I.
So I would tell him, but it was fine.
And then he'd phone me a couple hours later
in the middle of the night.
Finally, at the time, my wife said, out.
No way.
Get the phone out of this bedroom.
Go over.
Something would come to his mind
2.30 in the morning, ring ring.
Like, hey, why'd you put this guy on the power play here?
Like, what would he say?
Shit like that?
Yeah.
That's fucking crazy.
Yeah, but it was an education.
But he saw, I think, a little bit of himself in me.
And that's why we got along really well.
But because I never would be shy about what I'd say to him.
And I'd have a good explanation.
So. At that time early on, were you very, um,
you were very quick about pulling goalies early in the game.
If they let up a bad one, we actually had a Roberto Luongo come on and tell a
story and he was like, bad goal, fucking thing ricocheted off six guys.
I hadn't reacted.
Not ready.
So like, were you just like ready to do it?
If you.
I did it for a number of reasons.
One, uh, if I wanted a timeout, two, if I want to rattle
or official and three, if I want to deliver a message to the team
that they weren't playing well enough and I'm not going to subject
this goalie to your lousy play.
So I would tell them that too.
And, uh,
what about the official part of it to rattle the official, like just kind of
like, it would give me time.
It would give me time to, there was no timeouts then.
So give me time.
The guy had come over there and the fish, whoever it'd be.
And then I had jotted out with them.
And then, then I put the goalie back back in.
There was a time I was using it for a time out.
No shit.
Yeah.
The goalies used to get shots too, right?
Wouldn't you be able to shoot on them a little bit?
Me?
No, not you, the players.
No, like when you change the goalie, like you get it.
Or was that, no.
That might've been the case.
I don't think. I think you can do it now. Really? What was that now? That might have been the case.
I think you can do it now.
Really?
I think they might have changed the rule or something.
Look that up.
But yeah, I remember that.
Did you like,
because I played for Michelle Tarian and he was big on,
you know, the assistant coach come in,
the coach wants to see it, it's like fuck.
And we'd have a lot of meetings one on one
and some of them would be good,
but a lot of times it'd be one-on-one,
wake the fuck up.
Like, were you doing that or was it more in front
of the team you'd be calling guys out?
I challenged them both, in both ways,
but not, and the players will probably tell you
something different, but I can tell you
a little story as well.
We were playing Quebec Nordiques and we're the youngest team in pro
sport. We're not supposed to make the playoffs. We win the president's trophy. We're playing
in Quebec and it's game six. And I come in the room in between periods and there was
a table in the middle of the room. I jumped up on the table and I said, I'm not letting
you go home without a win. And we went out and beat them and knocked them. And I said, I'm not letting you go home without a win.
And we went out and beat them and knocked them.
And I said, you've come too far.
Don't quit.
I'm not going to let you quit.
There's no way you can't quit now.
We're too close and we can eliminate them tonight.
And we did.
They're like, I'm standing in the middle of the room, looking down at these guys and
said, I'm not, not not gonna let you go home.
They responded, that was what you wanted.
And then that's the first year we went to the
Stanley Final against Edmonton.
Yeah, then you get to Chicago first year,
success, you go to the conference finals.
It seemed like right when you got to places,
maybe you changed the culture enough
to kind of turn things around pretty
quick.
Well, final four in my first year and it took us to overtime in the last game of the season
to get there, but it needed a dramatic change.
I'll tell you a little story.
So I go in and Mr. Wirtz hires me, Bill Wirtz, God bless him, he's deceased.
We go downstairs to Chicago Stadium.
I go in, there's lockers and beside the locker was a wall.
You sat there, I sat there, I couldn't see you.
I could see the guys across the, from the dressing room,
but I couldn't see my teammates beside me.
And not only that, in between every stall
was a nice standup ashtray.
I said, Mr. Wirtz?
And I came from Philly and we were ahead of the curve
in terms of fitness and facilities and working out.
Well, you set a young team,
so maybe not as many of those guys hacking darts.
Well, they didn't hack darts
because Clarkie was in the room with them
and he wouldn't allow it.
They liked to drink.
And they had a beer fridge, which I had removed in the room with them and he wouldn't allow it. They liked to drink and they had a beer fridge,
which I had removed in the locker room.
They'd run off the game in Philly,
run right to the beer fridge
where they changed their clothes and pop a couple down
and then talk to the reporters.
So you're saying in Chicago, each stall had its own ashtray.
Well, we shared it.
We shared it.
Okay, okay.
So I said, that goes out. I said, knock the walls out. That goes out.
We do the whole dressing room. So first preseason game. And I said, there's absolutely no more smoking in this
restroom. So I come down after the first period going to the room. I said, where's everybody? The training said,
well, they're all smoking.
The trainer said, well, they're out in the hall smoking. I said, what's up, smoke?
He didn't say in the building.
No, he said in the dressing room.
Sorry, I'm losing my voice a little bit.
Oh, no, you're fine.
They're out in the hall.
I said, get in here.
So.
That is too good.
Out there with the fans outside.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, you got a bar of your lighter?
Yeah.
Hey, man.
You're bombing cigarettes.
Hey, we're in with the power plane. I'll get your nicotine fix. Fuck. Yeah. Give man. What's up with the, Hey, we're in with the power play
and I'll get your nicotine fix, fuck.
Yeah.
Give me another dart.
Chicago's where you know, you had JR
just in the hall of fame and he's told some,
he told us a golf story where you grabbed him
and it's funny, it sounds like a player would be upset
but he's like, he basically said how much you meant to him
in his career.
Like what do you remember about hot shot JR, 19 years old and you probably being like, I'm gonna have much you meant to him in his career. Like what do you remember about Hot Shot JR,
19 years old, and you probably being like,
I'm gonna have to settle this kid down a little bit.
I think the story was it was his first shift
and he's just gliding around out there.
Yeah, yeah, sorry.
He's an all-star and he had a guy lined up
to get a flyby.
And then he's back on the bench smiling,
having a good time, and all of a sudden you grab him,
you say, you ever fucking do a flyby?
You're gonna play another game for me, you piece of shit.
And then he was like that,
like I was like scared as shit.
And he crushed people after that.
And then after that, he wouldn't,
he would just line guys up.
Well, he came from my high school program,
so he really didn't know how to be a pro.
And he played a little bit junior in Hull,
and then we brought him up and he responded pretty well.
He had two pretty good wingers, little Goulet and Larmor.
So he had two, and Gou would be sitting on the bench
talking to him all the time.
This is what we gotta do.
This is what we gotta do.
And instructing him and Larmor said,
you little bastard, give me the puck.
I said, he's on your back end.
So they were, they were a great line.
And you know, he, he facilitated and Dennis Savard and I have, and the hockey all of fame
this last fall had a good night together, but he
gave us the opportunity to trade Dennis for a
superstar in celly.
And that's an interesting story too.
So he was in Montreal at the time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was in a Chicago and I have, we're in Vancouver for the draft.
I brought everyone in, all the scouts and the owners.
So I said, I want to have a meeting with everybody.
I put the lineup on the board and described what I thought we should do.
We should put Jeremy Roenick as the number one sentiment and facilitate Dennis
Savard and Dennis is a great guy.
Don't get me wrong.
And a good occupant, really good occupant, all of famer.
But I said, we need a, we need a star on defense.
And Dougie Wilson was not the Dougie Wilson that he was, but he was so Mr.
Wirtz said, I'll give you three guys then that you can trade them for.
I said, who are they said Raymond Bork, Paul coffee or Chris Chalios. I said, who are they? He said, Raymond Bork, Paul Coffee or Chris
Cellios. I said, well, that's easy. The only guy I'm going to get is Chris Cellios because there's
no way I'm getting those other two. So I, and the Micheacourt, I don't know if you're familiar,
the Micheacourt, it was a, it was a political conflict in the province of Quebec where they
wanted more French Canadian athletes. So I went to Montreal, stayed down there for five days, went into
Serge Savard's office every day, badgered him about what we should do.
Five player trade finally came down to one.
He said, Mike, I'm going on vacation.
He went to Bahamas or Bermuda or somewhere.
I called him every morning at 8 AM.
He said, Mike, I'm on vacation.
I said, well, make the trade and then I won't bother you anymore.
So, uh, he came back to Montreal and then, uh, I kept pastoring him and then, uh,
Shelley and, um, suitor went up to Wisconsin to party and got themselves in trouble and Serge
called me the next one I was a Friday night Saturday morning he said I'll make
the deal and I said great I gotta call mr. Wirtz and I'll call you right back
mr. Wirtz we got a deal we got Chris Chalios for Dennis LeVart.
I want the first round pick too.
Oh, come on.
Oh my God.
I phoned up Serge.
I said, Serge, I am awful sorry, but I need your first round pick as well.
Well, he swore at me in French like you wouldn't believe.
I said, I'll tell you what we'll do.
Give me your second and I'll make a real soft trade and give you that second back. He said, okay, deal. So we made the deal.
Chelly comes down to Chicago from being a,
involved in a with suitor comes in and now he's a little bit
afraid of me too. I got a great relationship with Chris.
Right. He's a legend. And I said, okay, he said,
it's gonna cost us some money,
so don't tell Suda that I'm gonna pay for it.
And we never did, and he said,
I'm gonna tell him that you're paying for it.
I said, okay, no problem.
So that's a little story, I don't know if anybody
ever heard of that. Oh shit.
What was the trouble, are you guys even aware?
I know, but I don't know if I should type.
Oh, okay.
No, I just.
No, they wrestled some cop to the ground.
Okay.
Well, can't do that.
No, he took Charlie's beer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, he took such as beer.
Both are beers.
I don't know all the details, but anyway, we made the trade and that's really solidified and anchored our team.
What was it like calling Dennis Savard telling him you've been traded?
Yeah, I was tough because I was, I couldn't get a hold of him at first, but I got a hold of him.
He's on the golf course. He loved the golf.
So I, it was, he upset those big trades.
And of course he was upset, but I don't stay on the line.
Yeah, I know.
You wouldn't, what are you going to do?
You can't chat it out. You give on the line. Yeah, I know. What are you gonna do?
You can't chat it out.
You give it the click, you just say, hey.
Well, no, the times I was traded,
it actually was, the GMs were like,
hey, you've been traded, thanks a lot.
Like, I get what you're saying,
like, what are you gonna stay around and say,
oh, what could have been, buddy?
Shouldn't have turned it over that 15th time, that game.
I told you.
What were some of the things as your career progresses as a coach that you look back on
where you're like, ah, I wasn't doing this right, doing that right.
Like, what do you think your biggest flaws were in your early days?
And I've said this publicly, so I'm not afraid to mention it again, but my biggest disappointment
was how I should have had a better handle or handled Brett Hall better.
And Brett Hall, I really are friends.
But and he would say now he said, oh, my God, you know, holy way.
Oh, I don't go. I didn't want anybody coaching me.
Don't worry about it. So which was true.
But I I should have been more of the adult in the in the classroom.
So then I'd be getting like you'd get so mad too that you're like, Oh, I should have just like,
I think we had, well, we just had a pure Terje on it. He said that like one time he looked over and
I think you and Holly were, fuck you matching while like, well, he was on the ice. Yeah. Like in front of everyone. TV timeout.
Yeah. Well, he, he did, uh, I didn't as a professional hockey
coach, that's the one thing I could have done better than, you
know, many other things, but that obviously people know Red
Hall and the history and Hall of famer and a great player, great
player.
Yeah.
So I could have gotten more out of them.
And you know, I got fired in St. Louis and the, the president was Budweiser came in,
it was a big transition.
It was a group of people owned it.
And then Budweiser took it over and the president called us in. It
was Bobby Berry, Roger Nielsen, Jimmy Roberts, Bobby Plager and myself. And he interviewed
everyone. I was the last one. And he said, you know, you like him more than anybody else.
I said, well, he's a good player, really good. He's an outstanding player. I hope that's
the dress, the scratch, personally tomorrow, I think too, by the way.
And I hope he doesn't mind me telling him.
So he comes in, you gotta talk to Holley.
He come in early in the morning,
first guy into my office, first guy in the dressing room.
Mike, you gotta talk to Holley.
I said, you talk to Holley.
You're the only one he'll listen to.
Oh, I'm not talking to you, you talk to Holley.
Okay, so I'll talk to Holley.
So anyway, Wayne would have been the only guy
that he would have listened to.
So he didn't, and he's been really good.
He's, I didn't want anybody coaching me.
So yeah.
He was just a little, maybe stubborn in that regard.
I heard he would just do all the,
he was just such a highly intelligent guy.
Yeah, he's very bright.
Yeah.
Very, very bright.
So he probably thought, you know,
I could figure this thing out.
I know that already.
I'm the one scoring the worst.
What are you bothering me for?
Exactly.
And being young too, and goal scoring legend,
it's like, it's just sometimes hard, I bet,
to figure like you don't know it all.
Yeah.
And you're trying to, as a coach,
you're trying to implement a system.
I can tell you this,
there was a little bit of adjustment for him
because Wayne
would like to delay in the nature zone or during the turn up inside the blue line and hit Holly.
And Holly be taken off to the races and Wayne say, no, come from behind. Don't get too far ahead of
me. Okay. So anyway, he finally figured that out as a bright guy and, and they teamed up well.
that out is a bright guy and, uh, and they teamed up well.
And, uh, even Wayne said, uh, Steve Isaman blasts someone over John Casey's head for game seven overtime.
He said, and God bless Johnny played as well as he could.
But if we had grant fear, that's even says that this day we'd probably
would have won the Stanley cup.
And that was the injury from Kipriose that year.
Yeah.
I accidentally on purpose.
Yeah.
Wow, you believe, well you ended up winning
a Stanley Cup with Kyprios, didn't you?
Yeah.
In New York.
No, that's before.
Yeah.
He played for me.
Oh yeah, that was before.
That's right.
Now this is after.
Wow.
So you're convinced that he accidentally on purpose that?
I even tell him that today.
No shit.
Yeah, I don't know if he did or didn't I even tell him that today no shit yeah I
don't know if he did or didn't but it looked that way he he fell backwards and
Kipper's a great guy too so you were talking about how much respect you have
for Kelly were there certain guys where you like didn't like you didn't have to
really get on like I mean I know there was lots of guys I coached that were
just incredible and brought up themselves themselves. Didn't you wake them up?
And it started in Philadelphia, the group I had there.
Mark Hall, the biggest, the only Hall of Famer we had
on the team, but then Brad McCrimmon was, you know,
and I was getting on guys and they were young,
really young, youngest team in pro sport.
And he said, just be quiet, sit down and listen to him.
He said, yeah, he's a pain in the ass sometimes,
but we're winning.
And that's what this is about, winning.
That's what McCrimmon said to the team?
Yeah.
As a young guy, that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
So he said, stop whining, just do what you're told.
After it ended in Chicago,
you took a year off before you went to New York.
Well, that what happened there? I had coached 11 consecutive months in a row.
I coached team Canada and I was a manager in team Canada.
Then I was the managing coach of Chicago.
And then Mr. Wirtz, we went to the finals and he come into me and said,
I want you to make up your mind if you want to coach this team anymore. We get to the finals and he come into me and said,
I want you to make up your mind if you want to coach this team anymore.
I said, Mr. Words, I've just coached 11 months every day
and managed two teams, 11 months every day.
I said, give me a break.
He said, I got no, cause Darrell's gonna leave otherwise. I said, give me a break. He said, I got no, cause Darrell's gonna leave otherwise.
I said, okay.
Yeah.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Yeah.
So then I, I was supposed to sign a contract and I was making 200,000 a year doing both
jobs.
And when I went there, that was the highest paid. I was making in, in, uh, I went, I was signed for 80, 85, 90 in, in Philly.
And then I went to, after we went to the finals first year, Clark, he gave me 120, 125.
And, and then I went to now the highest paid 200 to do two jobs.
And, uh, so I said, Mr. Wirtz, this is five years.
So 1 million contract.
And that was like, are you kidding me?
Like he wasn't used to paying anybody.
And then Allie and Eagleson negotiated that contract for me.
So then I go in and my contract's gonna expire
and we make a deal for 400,000.
Now the coaches are making 400,000. I'm doing two jobs again. So I said, I'd like to make
what a coach is making. That's 400,000 a year. I went in and I thought I was gonna
sign the contract. I walked in and there was a Jean God's deck. He was their lawyer and Peter works was the youngest boy.
Nobody else walked in and said, you're fired. I said, what? I said,
I came in here to sign the contract. You're fired. Okay.
I get on the car phone, drive home. My wife at the time, I phoned her.
She said, how'd it go? I said, Oh, great. I got fired.
wife at the time I phoned her and said, how'd it go? I said, oh, great.
I got fired.
What?
So you said you were getting a new deal.
Yeah.
So anyway, that was, that was that.
You must've been itching to coach that year, right?
Well, it's funny how life works.
And I was then pursued by Mr. Illich
and Mr. Illich really wanted me to coach and he gave me 160,000
or 170,000, hush money, not to say anything to anybody, to sit in the reserve seat.
Not take a job that year.
Not take a job.
So as Scotty Bowman was the coach, Brian Murray was the manager, I believe.
I got a call a couple of months later.
Mr.
LH says, uh, I got a problem with my family because he didn't tell anybody
that he had signed me.
And then finally he did tell them and they said, they're upset.
I said, I don't want you to have a problem with your family.
Why were they upset?
Well, Jimmy devil, An Daniel didn't like me.
And, and this is easy for me to say it publicly because it's a fact.
And Jimmy lights, uh, was his son-in-law.
And I think he was just upset that Mr.
Illich didn't tell him.
So anyway, I said, Michael, I don't want you to have a problem with your family.
I'm sending the money. He said, you do that? I said, absolutely.
I'm going to write you a check and send it all back to you. And I did.
Now I'm a free agent again, because nobody knows about this.
And then I get pursued by Mr. Snyder.
Mr. Snyder invites me for breakfast.
We're having breakfast.
I didn't know, you know, I want to talk to you
about the team and so on.
He's got a sports jacket on, pulls out a lapel.
Five year deal.
In charge of player personnel and the head coach.
I said, Mr. Snyder, I can't sign that right now. So then I go and I ended up,
now I'm being pursued by the New York Rangers and sign a deal.
Probably the highest paid first to make a million. And he never
talked to me the rest of his life. Oh, he hated the New York
Rangers.
Absolutely hated.
Wow.
Out of curiosity.
And I'm going to tell you,
even to a point where the all-star game,
outdoor game with the New York Rangers and the Flyers
and everybody got in line, shake hands.
Mr. Snyder would not shake my hand.
No shit.
He felt like you were a traitor.
Well, that was a big swallow for
him. They said, Mike, I made a mistake. I want you back. There's a five year contract. Right.
And I said, I need time to think about this. And because I still had feelings about, you know,
I'd been to the finals twice with that team.
We won so many playoff games.
I think I had 56 playoff games.
I coached there in four years.
So you answered my question.
I was, cause I was wondering like, wow, five years job security back where you
were, why not say yes, but there was part of you like I shouldn't have been fired
to begin with.
Yeah, absolutely.
But, and I don't hold grudges.
I just felt a little bit uncomfortable.
And then the five year deal came from the Rangers.
Did you have an inkling that that was gonna come from?
No idea.
Nothing, eh?
No.
And then you signed the big ticket there.
Yeah.
Crazy, see Detroit, that falls through,
Philly, and then it leads to the Rangers Cup.
Yeah. When you got to New York, what needed to change?
And obviously we can go into that deadline in a little bit
of you rebuilt this team.
You guys know that I wrote a book that it's out?
No.
Okay.
So it's in the book.
Anyway, our very first meeting,
first of all, Bob Kikowski and Neil Smith under the direction of
Stanley Jaffe flew to Toronto and met with Rob Campbell was representing me my
lawyer and our agent if you like and we made the deal and probably Neil didn't
really want to make the deal but he was instructed to do that.
Now I can't verify that for sure, but I do know the very first meeting we had.
We had the coaches and Neil and I said to Neil, what do you think about the team?
He said, well, we should win the Stanley Cup.
I said, Neil, you didn't make the playoffs.
How can you sit there and tell me that?
So that's where it can rate for the beginning, get off on a rough start.
And, uh, it needed to be retooled.
So even needed to be retooled once the season got going and the
deadline came, like you still knew it wasn't.
I had already gone to the Stanley cup final four in Chicago, twice.
And the finals,
gone to the twice in Philly.
And I thought I had pretty good handle on what the ingredients were and what would be necessary. And I said to Neil, I said, Neil,
we're not experienced enough to meet the,
what's going to be incredible demands of the New York city.
We're going to end up in first place, which we did. And I said, we're too small and we're going to be incredible demands of the New York City. We're going to end up in first place, which we did.
And I said, we're too small and we're going to meet Jersey and they're a
big power house team and they were right behind us in the standings.
So that was a debate that wasn't pleasant, but Neil and I gave him a lot of credit.
He went out and got a whole line,
Matol, Noonan, McTavish, and Anderson.
So Anderson's experience with mess.
You'd been with Noonan in so many other places,
we actually interviewed him at the Winter Classic.
This guy doesn't say much, he's a quiet guy.
Yeah.
I would imagine that's why you loved him,
just a workhorse.
Well, I kicked him in the butt a couple of times too.
When I was a manager in Chicago.
Yeah, he said that you told him to go to the miners.
He said, fuck it, take your lunch and eat it, buddy.
Yeah, a couple of times.
Yeah.
But it was a good lunch.
Yeah.
Did you know he was a guy that you could push
and get whatever on him?
Yeah, he was a good example of a guy that,
he was kind of in a area where he thought,
well, this is good enough. I said, no, that's not good enough.
He picked it up and Matt told when I made the trade for Matt toll with Cliff
Fletcher. And at the time he didn't have to disclose injuries.
A toll came. He couldn't,
couldn't skate in a huge contusion and it calcified on his thigh.
So he was out for a few months.
But I said, this guy's a big strong guy.
What do you do when that happens?
You can trade a guy who was just injured?
Did you call him back and say,
I want another fucking draft pick,
but you sent me an injured guy.
No, at that time that was fair game.
It's your problem.
Yeah.
And those two, I mean, Matto scores a huge goal
for you guys and Brian Noonan.
Matto played for me also in St. Louis, Chicago, New York, St. Louis, and so did Noon's and
Mac T as well, New York and St. Louis.
So good dependable players and both of them could fight.
Both of them were tough. Both of them.
And when I made that or told Neil,
we need these players, I said,
there's not going to be any adjustment.
They know what the expectations are.
It'll be seamless.
I know Andy
and Mess like that.
So we have to worry about that.
And these other guys, and they, Mess knows
Mac T and the other two guys are gonna be seamless just as with case was with Limer
He didn't know Limer was he come to me said I didn't know Limer was that good. I said I'm is very good
He was nice take me through your mind when you see the the messier guarantee before game six
You're like what I was in the room when he was sort of delivering a message
to his teammates.
Yeah, that's what he told us this summer.
And it was misconstrued that he was guaranteeing it
to the media.
And of course, New York media loved that.
They just ran with it.
So, but he was being affirmative with his teammates.
We can, we're gonna win.
So.
Did you ever?
And I was in the room when he said it.
Okay.
So, I just happened to be in the room.
He was huge on body language, he said.
He said he never wanted guys like sulking on the ice.
He said, and he would point out,
look at, they're giving up, they're getting tired.
He would point it out. He would just seem like the ultimate leader where I get it
Probably helped you as a coach knowing that you like that in the locker. He and I would have meetings all the time
It was his team
It was his team
So you let those guys police the locker room and kind of have it Brian leach is a good example
And I love Brian and her friends
But and he'll say, what about Keenan?
He said, I don't know.
We just won the Stanley Cup and I won MVP for the playoffs.
Other than that, I don't know what to tell you.
But I wanted him to play a certain way.
He had free, pretty free rain probably with coaches before I said, Brian, you got the
green light, but you got to be more patient weight because he'd get ahead of
the play in the neutral zone.
So anyway, you understand that?
Yeah.
I explained it to him.
You understand?
Yeah.
So one day in New York, I bench him and I don't say anything.
And then the media is all over me.
The next game I said, Brian, you sit there,
and when you're ready to do and play the system
we would like you to play, let me know.
Mess stood up after like five minutes into the game,
said, do what he tells you to do, we need you.
He turned around and said, okay, I'm ready.
Wow.
Wow.
So did Mess ever go to you and say like,
hey, gotta let off the guys a little bit.
He did. And we worked well together. Yeah. Not in that particular case,
but he and I had a lot of discussions one on one.
He'd come into my office and a couple of times, both of us are crying.
So he's very emotional. And so, so was I.
And he said, Mike, you got to back up a little bit here or whatever. And I said, you should apologize to the guys. I said, I will.
So I went and apologized to him.
But we were on the same page and that was the key.
And just to win the team overall, I mean, Brian, all the best players, Ravy, Mike Richter,
we just had the 30th anniversary.
He thanked me.
30 years later, he's thanking me for who we won the cup.
Thanks for not pulling me in the first period.
Yeah.
Another legendary story from that team was the Kovalev like 15 minute shift.
Yeah.
Like what led up to that? Like, obviously it was, it had snowballed into something, but
I was trying to teach them and do a little math with them.
So I said, uh, Coby, you know, you're playing 20 minutes a game
and they're one minute shifts.
So that's 20 shifts.
I said, let's make it down to 30 second shifts and I'll still give you the 20
minutes. So you're going to double your shifts, but you have a lot more energy. Okay. You got it? Yeah,
I get it. Okay. No problem. First shift out there. Minute and a half. I said, the other thing is
the guys behind you are missing their shift. Right? Yep. I miss his year shift because I finally put him in center because we needed
one more cent. He is an unbelievable talent. Oh, play anything play defense. So anyway,
I said, okay, guys, when he comes over, I'm just going to wave him back. So he started
to come on, ah, stay out there. Oh, that guy loves me. My coach loves me. I'm just going to wave him back. So he started, come on, stay out there. Oh, that guy loves me.
My coach loves me. I'm always getting a little tired on it. Stay out there. I said, okay. So
he goes back out. Now he's getting tired. And I said, when he puts his leg up on the boards,
they come into the bench, you push it back out. And then they did. Then he comes over and I said, that door never opens.
You don't open a door for him.
He must have been so gassed.
He must have been so gassed.
He was, but he, you know how he fixed it?
He scored a goal in the middle of that shift.
No, he didn't.
He got his own timeout.
And then he stayed out after you guys.
I wouldn't let him off for the whole period. Then he stayed out after you.
I wouldn't let him off for the whole period.
Did you bench him after?
No.
You played more than Richter.
No.
All I said, we're walking off at Madison Square Gardens.
I said, Mess, look after for me.
He said, I will.
That was the last time I ever talked to him about it.
Wow.
So Mess was like a built-in assistant.
100. That's awesome. Yeah. I made
him the head coach. Yeah. Was it your idea? And I don't remember when we interviewed mess
at the cup finals this year, we talked about it, but I don't remember whose idea was to
go up to was it West Point? Uh, before game seven, that was my idea. And he said, no,
no. And Kevin Lowe, no no we want to stay right here and brace
the energy of the city as well take it on slay the dragon rate straight on we
wanted to be perceived that we're running away so it was great yeah that's
cool yeah it was very cool did you have a guy like that for every team that you coach that was kind of? I had, uh, yeah, pretty much.
That guy or guys I had, you know, we're talking about, uh, the Rangers.
You don't win without everybody being on board.
So you know, between the conduit of mess and then I had had, Limes was from Chicago and noon and in my tone,
they'd seen the whole drill before and, uh,
they knew the act. Yeah. And, uh,
then I had coached like Anderson and mess in Canada cups.
Yeah. So they had 87, 87 91.
So they had seen the demands and, uh, you know, mess with, we'd have chats
and and not major disagreements, but we would make sure we're both on the same page at the
end of the conversation. But he was, he wanted the cup and he knew what it would take.
And he wasn't afraid to tell anybody.
So would you, were you a coach and it's so different back in the day,
like would you come in and maybe walk by guys in the room and not say hello or
good morning or were you personable with them?
Do you know how like different coaches approach running to players?
And I probably was everything.
Yeah.
I probably wore your heart on probably was everything. Yeah. I probably was.
Wore your heart on your sleeve.
Sometimes, yeah.
Sometimes I would be calculated though
and I wouldn't say anything to them
or they would be expecting me to say something.
I wouldn't say a word.
I said, oh.
I'm getting anxiety thinking about this.
I know.
Like, oh.
I'm proud of this that I made the adaptations.
I coached in five different decades and one in five different decades.
So the approach that I started with, and I'm not talking, I'm talking about NHL
and pro not talking about the junior or the university. But you have to make the adaptation yourself
to the abilities of the players and the changing times.
I mean.
Imagine now, like just this year,
it's even more different.
They're just so young.
They are, and you know, I had lots of examples
of guys that you had to adapt to and change.
Then I coached one in a country where hardly anybody in the team could speak English, so
I had to learn enough Russian to speak to them.
So it was interesting.
In Magnitogorsk.
Did you coach Mosi Akin?
Yes.
For people who don't know, I think the all time leading scorer in the
KHL incredible player, he could have played in the NHL, right?
Like we coaching him.
Were you like, Holy shit.
Yeah, he could have, but I had another fellow named Zarypov.
Oh, he was Dennis Zarypov.
I remember him.
Yeah.
Lefty.
Yep.
Played right wing on the top line and Kovash was a sentiment. He was a tank.
Would you get like bored over there though?
It's kind of hard like to, like, you just feel so, so separated.
Or were you having fun doing something different?
Um, I wasn't bored.
Uh, we won the championship.
I thought maybe I'd go for a year and then I ended up signing.
They wanted, I was there three years.
Um, but it was interesting, uh, in terms of, uh, culture.
I mean, I took Mike Polino with me and Mike Polino played for me.
You've T and then he coached the Rangers with slats and a little bit in various teams.
And I said to him right from the beginning, I said, I want you to come with me.
But I said, we have to understand not to be understood.
So when I went there, I was embarrassed about how all those foreign players came over, couldn't speak English,
including a guy like Palvo Burry.
And we didn't help them with banking.
We didn't help them with housing.
We didn't help them with anything.
Because now you were going through it and you're like,
now I'm on the other end of it.
And they're helping me, you know, get an apartment.
I lived in the Basel, which is where every, all the players would live except I said,
they're not living in the Basa.
That's sort of a connotation of what historically it was like in the country.
Yeah.
It was interesting.
And then we won, we had to make some changes and we ended up winning.
And, and, and, and you talked about the cultural differences. Like, is it true about the,
like, Oh yeah, you guys had a great weekend.
Here's 5k cash for every guy, like the bonuses and stuff like that.
Like, was it pretty gnarly seeing the interactions like that?
Not really. Uh, um, we had, uh,
uh, we weren't even, I wasn't even aware of the bonuses, uh, we weren't even,
I wasn't even aware of the bonuses. Oh, you weren't even know,
but we had bonuses when I coached even in New York. Oh wow.
Yeah. It's five game segments. Yeah. We, I made them five.
I started that in Philly.
So if you had six points out of the 10, every five games,
so it's a 600 percentage for the year, but we ended up with 700 or something in Philly.
But you had to get to the minimum threshold,
which was six points, and then every point after that,
you got additional money, every shadow,
every power play penalty killing.
And you went to ownership and asked for this?
Yes.
What made you, what enticed you to do that?
Had you done it anywhere else?
I wasn't getting paid much.
Oh, you got the bonus too?
Oh yeah.
Nice.
Oh yeah.
That's why I was doing it.
They're like, oh, for everyone.
You're like, oh yeah.
But I got to tell you the guys like Rick Tocket were making 80,000 bucks a year and I was making 80,000 bucks a year. And I was making 80,000 bucks a year.
And so they could afford it.
Trust me.
Mr.
Steiner could afford it.
Yeah.
So they, I implemented that system right from the beginning and they were pleased
with it because it got results, you know, it's arduous in the middle of the winter.
And the, the grind 47 is a grind grind and you're going across the country.
I said, hey, boys, money's on the line tonight.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
I think there was this.
And the great thing, sorry for interrupting.
Oh no, you're good.
But the guys would get cash.
Oh yeah.
In an envelope.
And they loved it.
Oh yeah, wife doesn't know about this money. Exactly. Yeah. In an envelope. And they loved it. Like,
Oh yeah.
Wife doesn't know about this money.
Exactly.
Some guys definitely didn't say anything.
And we made a pant load that year in New York
because we ended up first place.
If we, but every, almost every five games,
we got our bonus.
No shit.
So.
Well, it's, yeah, yeah.
It's odd how every year that you seem to have that,
that you guys were buzzing.
No wonder you made playoffs your first 11 seasons, eh?
You're a fucking genius.
Just entice them with some bonus incentives.
I think it was Rick Tauket who told the story about,
I think it was before a game in Calgary and, you know,
he was obviously tough as nails and maybe you thought
for his style, he was playing a little soft,
and you kinda called him out,
and I think he got in like two or three fights that night,
and your way of apologizing is he's blow drying
his hair in the mirror, and you came in,
you said, here's my credit card to go for drinks
with the boys, and he grabbed it and threw it back at you.
He said, fuck it, take your money, I'm good.
I don't need your fucking money.
I'll tell you another story about that, though. So I take the Blackhawks out to Banff.
I always took the team on a respite,
at least one, maybe twice.
So we'd go to Banff, the whole team.
And then I said, okay, on the bus at such and such a time
it was like seven o'clock or six o'clock at night.
I said, we're going to the bar
and we're staying there to enjoy it.
Country, Banff was playing, Seven o'clock or six o'clock at night. I said we're going to the bar and we're staying there enjoy it country
Band was playing so at 11 o'clock. I know enough now the guys have been there for a few hours and
Drinks are on on me
and who lay my card I
Said who look after it. Give me the card tomorrow. I said, no problem. Like he bought the entire car, whose clothes the place.
I looked at it.
I look harder on my card.
I'm my card.
This is when they used to slide it to the pain.
I lost my card.
I said, goo.
This is a good story. So I said, goo, what did you do?
How much did you guys drink? He says, Oh, no, no, Mike. I bought the whole bar.
So I go to, uh, Mr.
Wirtz and Mr. Wirtz pretty tight. So I said, uh, I'm going to submit this bill to the team.
And they, he started to go have a plastic, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What do you mean you're gonna make the, you're gonna pay for that.
I said, I'll make a deal.
And so we go to the finals, you pay.
And I said, if we don't all pay four pay. Four grand. No, it was several thousands.
Oh, no way.
Oh yeah, it was about 12,000.
Oh my God.
Wow, that's a lot of money back then.
Jesus Christ.
So when you say they bought the bar,
did you mean like seriously?
Like bought the bar?
Yeah, they bought it.
So what I did, I went right downstairs and said,
guys, we're going to the finals.
We haven't even finished the, and said, guys, we're going to the finals.
We haven't even finished that.
They said, what do you mean?
I said that bill January, we got to go to the finals. We have advice.
I have to pay for it.
We do go to the finals.
I says, Oh, thank God.
I don't have to pay that bill.
So you had some pretty funny interactions with the owners, like the, the Snyder one
saying that
you're going to kiss my ass at center ice, you're getting to pay your bar tabs.
And he doesn't know any other name.
What do you think about nowadays where it's been talked about, like, you're hired as an
NHL coach, you got about eight months, it seems.
Like, are they too quick pulling the trigger on guys?
Like, what do you think's wrong,
or is there anything wrong right now
with the coaches and the NHL, and being fired?
I'm gonna reference this or frame it
from my perspective working with the absolute
best hockey players ever in the world,
and they were making a lot of money and there
was never a discussion about who was in charge Wayne Gretzky, Mark Massey,
go down the line Mark Howell, wait for the meeting. One guy is in charge and Bobby
Clark always would say this is not a democracy. You do what the coach tells you to do.
And they were making a lot of money then.
And there was no question about it.
That's the only way you can succeed in a team sport.
You have to have someone in charge.
Now you can have discussion and interaction.
And like I referenced with mess coming in all the time
into my office and Brad McCrimm and God bless us.
So tell the young kids, be quiet.
We're winning.
Let's do what you're told.
So that was framed.
And now I don't know if it's the same.
I mean, there's guys making a lot of money
which they made a lot of money at that time.
You know, seven million bucks. And so in the same scale, they're probably making about the same.
If you took the value of the dollar back then and put it today. And I don't know if these kids understand that position well. Or sometimes I think too, we've all talked like, it was probably easier
then to make a trade too, whereas now it's like, well, it's so hard to make
deals, the coaches, the sacrificial lamb instead of maybe moving on from
somebody who could be an issue.
Don't get me wrong.
There were a lot, I got fired a lot and had a lot of success, but
lots of coaches got fired a lot and had a lot of success, but lots of coaches got fired. You know, Scotty got fired in Montreal, Scotty got fired in Buffalo.
He ran himself out, he retired in Detroit, but maybe they lasted a little bit longer.
I don't know.
I don't know. But it's a good question.
And, and, uh, I don't know if, if, if those core four or five
on each team understand that I, I'm, I'm thinking that, and I'm,
I'm was happy the way that the Florida Panthers played last
year, they had a little bit of an edge and
Paul, I know Paul well, and they responded.
I don't think anybody was whining about, you know, we're working too hard or, and they
were a little gnarly and liked it and we're successful. So, um, you know, I, I don't know if, uh, if the players today, I'm,
I'm assuming that they have their sights set on the Stanley cup.
I hope they do, but maybe there's too many distractions now with people
making a lot of money and people all
over them to try to get some of their money, distract them from the goal.
I don't know.
I like there was no, I can reference again, Mark messy or, or Wayne Gretzky in St. Louis
and Mark in New York and Mark how started in Philly, cell Shelley, you know, Pronger, McGuinness.
I mean, I coached the best.
And there was never a discussion about who was in charge.
They knew who was in charge.
What do you miss most about coaching?
Like, is there anything that you just,
like, oh man, I love that about coaching.
Like this is what I'm asking for bonuses.
Yeah. Oh, getting your credit card.
I really enjoyed the fire of it all.
Right before the game, the feeling.
I thrived on competition and that was the best feeling
thrived on competition.
And, uh, that was the best feeling I would have. And when you could have a hub, a group, you can do something that they didn't
expect.
Were you nervous going into games?
Did you have that like nervous energy?
Cause you, you chewed on ice, didn't you?
I did.
Was that a Scotty Bowman thing?
No, no, that started in the Oshawa.
I was coaching junior and the Oshawa
Building was just built. It was very dry and I turned to the trainer said can you get me some water?
I'm raspy tonight. He said no, but I get you some ice. I said, okay, I need something
Moist my throat keep my throat moist. So that's sort of, that's where it started.
I just continued that throughout my career.
I think you mentioned earlier, the coach in Pavel Bure,
what was it like?
Like was that, was that in Mogilny,
your first real experience coaching Russian superstars?
Kovalov.
Oh yeah, Kovalov too, I guess.
And also I was the first general manager to bring a Russian
into Chicago.
Kravchuk.
OK, so I had some
experience with them, but
yeah, they were superstar players
for sure. Did you ever like did you
ever in McGill and the ever getting
it a little bit? Then you like kind
of say like I defected from Russia.
I'm not fucking scared of you.
Didn't you like kind of back
one time?
Yeah, but I enjoyed that.
So the, uh, two players were responsible for me getting hired.
Mark Messier in Vancouver. He went to the owner and said, we got to do better than this.
I want Keenan to coach.
Oh shit.
So I flew to Seattle, met John McCaw.
He said, this is the worst negotiations I've ever been in. You're the coach. Oh shit. So I flew to Seattle, met John McCaw. He said, this is the worst negotiations I've ever been in.
You're the coach.
How much money do you want?
Thanks, mess.
Yep.
And then the second one was Powell Burry.
So Powell Burry got traded to van, uh, from Vancouver to Florida.
And he went and told the owner, my coach.
Wow.
That's got to feel pretty good.
How that story.
I don't know if I put this in the book even, but Powell gets Alan
Cohen is the owner of Florida.
And we talk about a budget, but things got tight there. They
weren't drawn much. So he said, I got to trade power. Probably at that time was making 10
million. Yeah. He goes to New York now slats is the manager there. And they phone me. Not
slats. Mike. I don't think I put this in the book.
I don't know.
I'd have to read the book again.
Anyway, my own Alan Cohen would always come and sit in my office.
So I pick up the phone.
It's here. Rangers, we are coming coaches.
And he's looking at me.
You could probably hear I hang up.
He says, you're not going anywhere.
I said, Alan, the team here, you just cut the budget like half or more than half.
He says, no, you're not going anywhere.
I could have gone to New York.
That's when they had buried Lindros, Ratsk, Mass.
Wow. That group.
They wanted me to go back to New York.
And he said no?
Yeah, he said no.
Wow.
So.
You cock blocked you.
Were you GM in Florida too?
I was. I was a coach and then I got fired. These owner Alan Cohen again,
Rick Dudley was a manager and Rick thought the team
needed a younger coach or less aggressive coach,
maybe a nice way of saying it,
because he said these kids are too young for him.
So anyway, Alan goes on a road trip. We come back, we land in
Fort Lauderdale, not too far from here at the private jet. Get off the jet. He said, Mike, I
had to talk to you. Alan fires me. And then he starts crying. And I get on in my car, the phone rings. I had a car full.
Oh, it's Alan.
He says, I fired the wrong guy.
I said, Alan, everybody in the world already knows you fire me.
The players saw it as we were walking off the plane.
The media already know you can not bring me back.
Now you look like a jackass.
not bring me back now. You look like a jackass. So anyway, then Rick takes over the only coaches a few games and then they think John Tortorella or John Tertini Tertini.
Oh, Tertini. Yeah. Tertini. They fire Rick Dudley, they hire Jacques Martin,
and then they hire me as the manager.
Just K.O.
Absolutely.
It's time for the last question by Roback Mike.
Use code CHICKLITS on Roback.com for a generous 20 off
your first purchase through the end of this week.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, CHICKLITS on R-H-O-B-A-C-K.com.
Roback, 20 off all hoodies, joggers,
and more with Coach Chicklets.
We're talking about you becoming GM
and you being coach in GM.
Do you agree that that could not happen now, right?
Like it doesn't happen because it just seems too much?
Well, even I went to New York,
I said I don't want anything to do with it.
I said I've been working 16 hours a day.
I'd go to bed at 2 a.m.
I had my own time and get up at six.
And I did that for four years.
Yeah.
And then like you get off the ice from practice and then you got to
start making calls on trade.
Then you go up and then you stay up all night working the phone.
So I said, no more, But I became the general manager and coach
in St. Louis after that.
Were you the last coach to have both positions?
I don't think so, I don't know though.
I don't know who was who.
Yeah, I don't know who that would be either.
I got one last one.
What was the Christmas death skate
with the Philadelphia Flyers? Oh yeah, that was a good one. What was the Christmas death skate with the Philadelphia Flyers? Oh, yeah, that was a good one.
What's the what's our we were we dressed up as Santa and rode them all around the ice.
We were doing really well.
And Dave Poulom was a captain, very bright guy.
He's now working in Ottawa and said, Mike, we'd like to go home
a little bit earlier, because at that time he had to play boxing day 26.
So he basically got 24 fly home 25th.
I know myself open up the Christmas gifts with your family and then get on a
plane. And we always played in Vancouver.
So I had to get on a plane and fly all the way to Vancouver Christmas day.
So we could be in the city on the boxing day, the 26th.
So, uh, Pooley said, can we have practice early?
So we can get out of here.
I said, no problem.
Well, they weren't, they weren't expecting.
We're going pretty good.
And I really give them a bag skate.
Merry Christmas fellas.
Merry Christmas fellas.
The Grinch is here.
He just said they were playing great too.
Yeah, you're something else man.
Mike Keenan, what a career.
We appreciate you swinging by.
It's pretty amazing, like you said,
five decades doing that.
Congrats on all your success and we appreciate it. Like you said, five decades doing that. Congrats on all your
success and we appreciate it.
Thank you for having me.
Of course.
We'll have to do another one sometime too.
Go read the book.
You have a million stories.
Read the book. Read the book. What's the name of it?
He doesn't remember just like the call of GM's name.
Iron Mike.
Bonus.
Or the owner's name.
Iron Mike.
Iron Mike.
My time behind the bench.
I love it. Guys, need to talk to you about Sport Clips.
That's why we're here.
Sport Clips isn't just where you get a haircut.
It's your playbook for looking fresh.
Walk in, catch the game, and sit back while the pros in men's hair handle the rest.
And when you're done, walk out feeling like you're ready to take on anything. You got a big job interview coming up, sport clips. You got a big game coming up,
sport clips. You got a big date coming up, sport clips. Impress whoever you see after you go to
sport clips and get an amazing haircut by the pros. No hassle, no surprises, just a solid cut
every time. It's simple, it's easy. And it's made for guys who want
to feel like they've got the home field advantage. And if you want to track your real time wait
times, download the app and check in online. Sport Clips, the haircut experience dialed
in for guys. It's a game changer. Sport Clips.
Thank you so much to Mike Keenan coming up from the Florida Keys to Fort
Lauderdale to sit down with us for for over an hour.
So that was a blast. We appreciate it.
Legendary coach with many stories right there.
We appreciate we appreciate his time.
And one guy who will not be at the four nations that we discussed previously is Ovi.
The Ovi goal update.
He's now 16 away from Wayne Gretzky's record.
The Caps are just having this.
It's a magical season.
Magical.
It's a magical run, Biz.
It's a good way to put it.
Uh, as of Saturday, they had an 11 point lead in the Metro, 10 points in the
conference, so I think Carberry is probably a lock for coach of the year.
Um, and they have no players in the Four Nations so
they're getting a ton of rest so this is kind of turning out to be one of those
things where Capitals fans maybe didn't know what to expect coming into the
season I think expectations were pretty high based on all the moves that
happened over the summer but this team has just been outstanding two different
great goalies they got Pierre-Luc Dubois,
who's looked like a different man this season.
They got Connor McMichael.
They got all these guys, and Ovi continues to score.
I texted the group chat the other night.
This is unbelievable.
He did it again.
Biz, you're now believing he will do it this season.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, especially with the fucking empty netters, man.
He's got six empty netters every time it's out there.
You got fucking Dylan Strom or Carlson sliding it over so he can put
so he can put this thing to rest this year.
It's honestly, despite the lack of offense and I agree with you,
I think you said it before the interview started was the it doesn't have that
offensive flair this year in the NHL.
So to have this storyline heating up and potentially hitting us in the back half
is very big. And the fact that he's not even involved in four nations.
So we get to focus in on what will eventually be the greatest goal,
a goal score of all time. Talk about a team like where has this many off season
moves worked out? Every single move they made has worked out.
Logan Thompson is, I mean, like other than Hellebuck,
he's probably the second guy for the Vezna right now, no?
Like his numbers are out of this world.
And you talked about no guys in four nations.
Not only do they get to get the rest,
but it's almost like this chip on their shoulder.
We talked about it it last two pods.
Do you really believe in Washington?
If they played Carolina in the first round, each of us has taken Carolina.
So they have this chip on their shoulder going into the back half of the season.
No Four Nations guys and kind of us against the world along with the Ovi Golche.
So what a fucking story this team is for the whole year.
I look at like it wasn't just what they brought in and they kind of overhauled the D.
Like, Chikrin's been phenomenal.
What does he have? I think he has 14 goals.
He's got 14 goals and 50 games.
Then you look like Carlson has just continued to be like an awesome presence, not only on the ice, but in the locker room. He's a leader.
Rasmus Sandin, coming over from Toronto, he's been real solid.
But you also look at what's happened with guys who've been a part of their system.
This Protoss, Alexey Protoss, the Belarusian machine, he's unbelievable. He's a monster. He can skate. He's taking the big leap.
Same with Conor McMichael. He's a high pick and it took him a little while. He's taking the big leap. So they've had guys that have been in the system that
took the big jump. That's what you need to have happen. And they have depth.
Like, Duhames on the fourth line. He's a prick to play against.
Mangiapani hit the one big year in Calgary. He comes over.
He's been real solid as a depth player. And then goaltending.
So, yeah, I guess I still like they're kind of with Winnipeg for me,
like don't really believe in them as a cup threat, but maybe I'm a complete fool,
which has been uttered millions of times by all the listens we get.
Multi, multi, multi millions.
Yeah, do you know anything about Carberry?
Because I feel like just from watching those clips after the games.
I know I want to play for him.
I know. He's fun. It just seems like just from watching those clips after the games. I know I want to play for him.
I know.
He's fun.
It just seems like he gets every single guy to buy in
and yet like that level of like friendship,
but still keeping it professional.
You know, like still being a coach,
still being hard line and no gray area,
but just like having the trust and respect of the player
so quickly too.
I think he's done a really good job obviously
outside looking in is knowing the group of guys
that he has with OV and you know, they're like you say,
they're silly guys, they're having fun.
And you see that with Carberry after games,
whether it's, what's the other goalie's name?
Lindgren. Charlie Lindgren.
Our Lindgren.
Him singing in the locker room after games,
singing country music and Carberry's like right there,
yapping it up with the boys.
So you see that side of him where,
you know, when your coach is in there having fun
with you guys, letting you do what you want to do,
you know he's letting Ovi have his six pack of beers
on the bus.
He's not taking away the fun for these guys
during the game and after the game.
So they're playing as hard as possible for him because they know that he's a
guy who's going to have their back.
He's helping them and just letting them play their game too.
And a big thing you look at, you look at Chikran, a guy who you look at him
and he is a specimen of a human.
He is absolutely shredded, you know, six, three can skate like the wind,
but this is really the first year he's figured it out what he is as a player.
He's had some tough stops in Arizona, Ottawa, and right now
he looks like the guy that you thought he was gonna be when he came into the league and you gotta think
Carberry's had a lot to do with that as you know
he's probably just put a lot of confidence in him and you know
we all know how that is when a coach has confidence in you
it's a huge huge morale boost for yourself and the team
so I think a lot of their success and you know as much as you say it coaches
don't have a much as the impact during the game I think that he's one of those
guys that really does. I would love to chat with Pierre-Luc Dubois when we've
kind of had some discussions here about about
getting beat down and just getting ripped on.
This guy was just a laughing stock.
I mean, he wanted out of Columbus.
He got out of Columbus.
He wanted out of Winnipeg.
He got out of Winnipeg.
He wanted out of LA.
He gets out.
It's like, what are you doing, buddy?
He's on pace for like 65 points.
So I think that getting to talk to him someday, like maybe Carberry's had an enormous
impact with him. And who knows, they could have sat down before the season and Carberry could say,
like, buddy, I understand how you feel right now. And I think you still have the ability to be like
a big time impact player. He's third on the team in scoring. He's playing physical. He's doing exactly
what I think everyone saw when you imagined what he could be as a player. He's doing it now. So also Matt Roy came over. He's been phenomenal on D. So it's like everything's come together. It's been unreal work by the management there. And then Carberry, yeah, he's obviously pushing the right buttons and getting guys to to really feel the love within the entire group. Cause it does seem based on clips, like they are a close group.
And how would you not be with the success you've had this year?
Okay. So I was just going to bring that up. Like I know every team does it where
they send a camera in and it gets out on social media,
what the coach had to say to address the team.
I feel like they almost do it and he does it better than anyone where he'll always
have like four or five guys tires to pump and he does it such in a good way.
And I remember at the beginning of the year
where he did it with Dubois and they went up
and kind of like dabbed each other up.
You could kind of just feel like from that clip
moving forward, like there was just like this bond
they had within the group and probably a big reason
why these new guys coming in feel so comfortable
so quickly with this guy.
And they see that on social.
Like it makes them all look good.
Like that little detail matters now I think
and with how sensitive these players are a little bit.
No Yans?
Like they are a little bit more sensitive.
Even, I remember one of the clips
and I think you guys talked to him on TNT after the game
with Dylan McElrath and he stuck around this year
and he's played I think you
know 10 or 12 games and but he's a guy you want to have in your locker room because he's
having fun he's gonna you know he's gonna be bringing the energy and practice even though
he's not playing and I guarantee you Carberry is a type of guy like hey maybe we could bring
somebody else up but this guy's such a good fit for our crew that we're gonna have him
around he's a good morale if we got to put him in, he can play, he can fight.
So I, yeah, I just think what they're doing right now, they're pushing all the right buttons
in every single guy and it's showing. And I mean, did anyone have them making playoffs
to start the season? I think I might've said they could be a lottery. I had them last year
and fucking I went the other way this year.
They had picked them last year.
Do you think, do you think a lot of this has to do with the obviously
Ovi's got more respect than, you know, maybe anyone in the game from everybody.
But I think a lot of this has to do with him chasing this record too.
Like the guys are playing hard, they want to play, they want to
play meaningful games for him.
They want to have games down the stretch where
that big goal gets them the president's trophy,
whatever it is, it just seems like everything
that they're doing is just coming together
and it's fun to watch.
Everybody, I mean, fuck, how many people thought
he was going to back into this record?
Well, you thought it was going to be,
I mean, a lot of people thought it was next year, right?
Every one of us, like, analysts was just like, yeah, it's going to just turn into the,
there's nothing to watch on Washington, but the OB goal trees.
I thought it was going to turn into 25 goals this year and then like, you know, 18 to 20 next year.
That's what I thought it was going to be.
And not to mention he broke his leg last year, didn't he?
How many does he have so far without the six empty netters?
How many is he at right now?
Right now he's at 26. So he's got to, I mean, who can, when you have 800 and
fuck, I know, but he's got the most empty that, Hey, I don't want them fucking
breaking it on an empty netter. And especially if it's like, I don't think he
would. I don't think he would. I really don't.
He didn't want it. He didn't want the empty netter to break a Gordie house
record.
Remember him and Kuznetsov were passing it back and forth
and then finally you just shot it in the net?
Because that was to break Gordie Howes.
Okay.
If he wanted to score it the right way.
I don't think he does it to break the all time record.
What if it's game 82?
Yeah, what if it's game 82 against Crosby
and it's to win the division and he's got the whole
net divisions over but it would be sick Selly if he threw it down from like the
goal line it went in the whole bench erupts to wrap up that game to wrap up
it was a to solidify a hat trick and he dominated the whole game and maybe it
was the it was the icing on the cake goal
after he already had two in the game winner.
That's the only way it can be an empty netter.
Yeah.
Coming from the guy who had zero OT.
What about OT winner?
Oh my God.
OT would be nice.
Remember all the heat he got when he,
I don't remember what goal it was
when he like put the stick down and was doing the hot hands in Tampa when he, I don't remember what goal it was when he like,
put the stick down and was doing the hot hands in Tampa.
Oh, I love that.
Nowadays people be loving it.
People were like mad at him for it.
I think it was 500 goals I think.
That was 500, okay.
So another awesome player that all of a sudden
his name is like getting around in the possible trade mill
is St. Louis
Blues captain Brayden Shen and oh my god would teams be lining up with packages to get this guy.
I mean this is the guy who's wrapped up a winter classic game he's played phenomenal and then for
fun wants to fight Nick Foligno just so he could say he fought at Wrigley Field in an outdoor game.
A warrior, a Stanley Cup champ, a captain,
who's signed for three more seasons after this one at 6.5.
Apparently, like, it would take a haul,
but I guess with how the Blues have gone,
they're maybe thinking of shopping him?
I don't know why you would do that,
but what would you say, Biz,
if the Toronto Maple Leafs grabbed fucking Braden Shen?
There was a few guys that I would consider getting off some,
like I killed the beast would be a guy,
I think a lot of teams are asking about him.
I think that they were offered something last year for him
and they declined.
At least that's what I heard.
What if it took Knives?
No, no, no, absolutely no. No, no, that's what I heard. What if it took Knies? No, no, no, absolutely no.
No, no, he's a foundational player.
He's huge and any guy you ask in that locker room,
they're like, the sky's the limit for this guy.
I think that he could turn into another Nylander.
That's what I thought.
He's more of a power forward.
As a power forward?
He's a 100 point guy?
Maybe not 100 points, but like a forty and forty guy like a
Yeah, and just as big of an impact like Nylander can he can all you know?
He can also kind of go for a skate
I I think that as far as a guy who's willing to go to the blue paint
It's hard to find those guys nowadays like high mid hymen does it he's getting back door tap
It's likeias will park his
ass out front and take punishment. He's a fucking, he can skate well, he for checks
well. But going back to Braden Shen, like that would be a fucking huge ad. So I would
be willing. And the fact that you get them for term, I just like don't know how the fuck
they would make that work for money. I would give up a hall too, if there's salary retention,
which I think will be part of the hall. Like St. Louis can do that.
Like that's going to be the, where they're at for the next few years.
So if you get a no move clause right now, this season,
it goes to a 15 team, no trade this summer. So it's like, he could,
he could say no. Um, and he would have,
he would have his basically decision where he wants to go if he's willing to waive it but I
Man, it would take a lot to trade your I heard he's rumored to Edmonton and then I also heard Vegas. Oh my god. Oh
God Vegas is a link to every big trade and every year they do something that nobody saw do it
Yeah
So it's like if Vegas Vegas, my video last year
when they grabbed Hurdle and I had Yoshi behind me,
I was disgusted.
I was almost, wanted to puke.
If they all of a sudden at the deadline got Brayden Shen,
that may be the end of me,
knowing that frigging Edmonton's gonna have to play him
in the second round.
But an incredible player. That might have been
the start of your ulcer.
Yeah, that might have been the beginning of it.
Hurdle to the to the Vegas Cool Knights.
We didn't even have to play him last year.
Minnesota Wild-Ford Ryan Hartman is appealing his 10 game suspension.
The NHLPA announced that on Wednesday.
Hartman was suspended for roughing.
I guess you can call it roughing.
It was more like almost murdering Ottawa Senators forward Tim Stutel.
The appeal goes to Commissioner Gary Betman and a second appeal would go to an
independent arbitrator. They threw the book at him, Keith.
Gary might throw another five at him for a appeal on it.
I don't know. I mean, what do you think he has his leg to stand on?
I know. What was it last year, Biz? Who did he get?
So it was a game against the Winnipeg Jets.
And I think that G sent the clip over.
I think Armie and Merles have discussed this,
where he told Perfetti, he's like, I'm going to get you.
And then basically stuck him in the face off of a draw.
Now, dangerous.
You know, some people to the extreme will say,
oh, he could have took his eye out.
It's like, eh, he fucking nicked him up.
You talk about like old school guys like doing that on purpose for guys who were coming after them all game,
like, um, still gutless, but not as bad as it probably something regrettable that he
did, but that's like, I mean, that's Sam Bennett type, like cheap shot, got them. And that's
like, that could be a catastrophic ending to like landing on a guy's neck like that.
So I think that the league took the opportunity
based on the clip from last year where he got nothing
and used him as an example here saying,
we don't need guys putting all their weight
on their forearm or the back of guys necks off a face off.
That you got caught, it was a dumb play, see you later,
no one else is gonna be doing it.
I heard he got a call from Triple H
that they wanna assign him in the WWE.
No shit, no shit, eh?
Yeah, next year's Royal Rumble.
Which would be good for him,
he can make some money while he's suspended.
Like I can't defend that.
You mentioned Bennett, he's, Hartman's a sick puppy.
He's a Bennett.
Like Bennett the Menace, he's crazy.
But listen, Bennett does it in playoffs
when you know you're only gonna get a one game suspension.
He does that to Marshawn, whatever,
he might get a five, 10.
He's smart enough to do it in playoffs,
get that one game suspension onto the next game.
Who'd he get this year again with the little rabbit punch
as he throws the hit?
Someone in Boston, I think.
Was it someone, no, it was someone in the Rangers,
I thought.
Carl, oh.
Bennett did it again this year, I know that.
All-time clip on TNT when he's just straight up
sold me past talking to Bidge.
I didn't mean to do that.
It's like, whoa.
I said you should be a fucking lawyer.
I think he would pass a lie detector test too.
He's a real sick puppy.
And every single player in the league wants him on their team. Exactly, I was just gonna say that.
And Hartman too.
Yeah, I'm not even chirping the guy.
I'm like, fuck, how much does he make?
Yeah, I'd sign him.
I have so much respect for Bennett
when he came on right after
and just like looked in the lens and just said,
I don't mean.
So I remember watching it live.
You're starting to think.
Oh, he's a sicko.
I was laughing.
I was laughing in his face being like, this is unbelievable.
It was Drew O'Connor on Pittsburgh he got this year.
That's what it was.
We were close.
Guys, there was a pretty entertaining
to read anonymous NHL player poll on the athletic.
All right, let's go here.
So Biz, you haven't, Keith and I have read through this
and you hadn't seen it, so we're like, oh, let's throw it to be. I was too busy being
a rock star. Some of the quotes about too busy, uh, dodging bras and panties. This is
like, Hey, can I get that nickel back guys? So can we get our trailer back and pick up
these rubbers? Um, uh, some of the responses are pretty funny here though. So, okay we get our trailer back and pick up these rubbers?
Some of the responses are pretty funny here though. So, if you have a no trade list,
what's the first team on it?
And this was a resounding number one biz,
like by 30.
How is he thinking so long?
Long Island, fuck the Islanders, fuck the Islanders.
The Islanders were not even in the mix.
Jesus Christ.
The Winnipeg Jets, 48 of the votes,
this is 82 players. I would have rolled Islanders twice.
All those other votes are from Winnipeg players.
Well, if you're factoring in GM,
I don't want to play for Lou.
Buffalo came in at second at 20.
The Sharks were 8.
The Flames 3.
Ottawa 3.
Anaheim 2.
Rangers 2.
And then the Blackhawks, Canadians, Islanders, Flyers, Blues, whatever.
First of all, I'm going to defend Winnipeg here.
I would love to play in Winnipeg. You're focused on hockey and some of the most
undercover beautiful women on the planet.
It doesn't make sense how beautiful the women
from Winnipeg are.
It's-
You just said focused on hockey.
You literally just said if you're focused on hockey,
I would want to play there.
I can handle two things, buddy.
You gotta have two things.
You gotta have a little fun sway.
I've had a threesome. I've had a threesome. I can handle two things buddy. You gotta have two things. You gotta have a little fun. I'm not a threesome. I'm not a threesome. I can handle two things at once.
Bizz, how about these quotes? There's not much to do there. It's fucking cold. I haven't heard a
guy go to Winnipeg and be like, this is going to be my forever home. Can I finish the fucking quote?
Nothing to do. bad food freezing.
Another guy, and then here's one Jets players defensive in city.
I remember when I first, he's talking about the drive from the airport to downtown isn't exactly the scenic road.
I remember when I first did it, it was underwhelming. There are parts of the city that are great though,
but you don't see that as a visiting player
I always wish they'd stay down at the forks or somewhere like that
I don't think the hotel meets the criteria for the league, but it'd be better for than staying downtown
So a quote about Buffalo the way it's going there Buffalo
It's just kind of been mucky there forever and for me right now in my career. I really don't need that
That was me. I said that another player all they do is lose
in Buffalo
Yeah, and then this one a bunch of people on Twitter said they thought this was me. They're like fucking they shouldn't ask Whitney. He's retired
Honestly, I wouldn't even mind Winnipeg. It's not that nice, but I hate Philly. I fucking hate Philly.
I can't stand it.
I can't stand the city, everything, the rink.
It's just the one city that I despise.
I can't stand it.
I'd be sick if I got traded there.
If I had a one-team, no-trade list, they'd be on it.
Wow.
How funny would it be if all teams got released?
Hey, Ben, you know what?
They might have interviewed you.
Sorry to interrupt.
Because one player said, I'd feel lucky to play anywhere. That would be me. got released. I was here. You know what? They might have interviewed you. Sorry to interrupt.
Because one player said, I'd feel lucky to play anywhere.
That would be me.
Yep.
You're in the NHL.
Keith always said that too.
What coach would you most like to play for other than your own?
Biz is going to say Carberry.
Because we just talked about him.
I would say Paul Maurice would be probably up there.
He was second.
Oh, John Cooper.
Oh, I thought you said you wouldn't want to play for. No, would be probably up there. He was second. Oh Yeah, I want to play for no what's that would would oh
John Cooper. Yeah, that's the obvious. Yeah, coupe it then went Maurice Bryndemore, Barubey Monty. I was shocked
Shocked we have one two three four five six seven eight nine ten on twelve
We have sixteen answers and none of them are Jared Bednar. Very surprised to see that. I mean, fuck man, I'd run through a wall for talk in what he's doing in Vancouver. Carberry was low
on that list. But Coop is the man. Yeah, Coop is the man. And then the next one was, what coach would you least like to play for?
I'm on Torts.
Yeah, Torts crushed that one after that capacity.
After that, Babcock.
Babcock still making the list.
He still makes the list.
It's like, buddy, I think he's coaching U-12 at Saskatchewan.
Then Cronin comes in.
I guess we've had we've talked about all these coaches,
then Lindy Ruff, then Patrick Wah,
and then you get into Lavielette, Mike Sullivan, and Torney,
but that was just 3 the last three guys.
We then go to what NHL team has the best facilities
for opposing teams?
Oh, I don't remember seeing this one.
I love Borna, Minnesota. No. What do you mean on the road?
Minnesota's change room is brutal. I liked Minnesota's locker room though. It was huge. I liked it. It was a big locker room.
The change room is tiny though. Who cares? We've been out of the league too long. We've been dropping your clothes off.
Because I think Little Caesars apparently set up the visitors like unreal.
Unreal. It's a full gym. Really unreal. It's a full gym
Really? Oh, it's a full gym. Yeah, it's like it might be like the Detroit Pistons gym It's huge so you can get a full workout if you're into that
Yeah, Seattle's was super nice. What were the other ones on there Edmonton was third Vegas was tied with the Islanders at four
Islanders really nice. Yeah, and then Utah Hockey Club's in there,
and apparently, they share it with the
visiting basketball team, so they have all these
cold tubs, hot tubs, apparently Utah has done
a hell of a job considering it was just a renovation.
What NHL team has the worst facilities for the road team?
This was easy, I knew this one before I saw the answer.
Oh, it's gotta be, yeah.
TD Garland?
Carolina?
Carolina.
No, they did TD over.
Oh my God, Carolina.
That was 100.
That's the worst.
Oh my God.
Brutal.
Oh, Carolina.
Remember that walk?
It's like an MDC rink.
The showers are where the toilets are
and like you'd get out of,
it was the worst smelling
Oh my god, that's where I broke all my t2 and I had to walk down that long and it's all mirrors
I'm like don't don't look don't look don't look don't look cuz I didn't want to see my fat log
What was two tanks? What was two on that list?
Calgary I
Kind of like Calgary's I love going to the side and they did it. What did I I love the saddle dome
Also the quote quote cracked me up here one player said it used to be Carolina
But then they upgraded and somehow it's still Carolina
The visiting room sucks and the homeroom is basically the visiting room with some paint on the wall. So yeah pretty shitty
Well, hey, it ain't getting any better if they're going to pay
Rotman. Oh, shit.
It's either one can't.
That are the facilities.
Carolina said this summer, they're supposed to change it up a little
bit. We've been telling them to pull it up, put it off because you're
like, I don't care. I want these guys to be miss.
I kind of appreciate the grittiness of it.
And I played for a team in junior Owen Sound Attack and they
had a building that when you were on the road team, like honestly, like the whole bus
ride, you were like, I can't wait to get this game over with and get the fuck out
of there. Like it was dark. Uh, they had good teams and then I got traded there.
And I'm like, I love this cause it's such a, Oh, it's, I feel like it's such an
advantage. Yeah. I think I thought the same about Carolina.
You were always just like, ugh, let's just get the fuck out of here.
Remember going into Binghamton to play the Senators?
Oh, buddy.
That sucked.
I had to play a preseason game there.
Chara was playing, I think.
A 4 PM-er at Binghamton on a Sunday as your third and three?
Give me another ulcer.
Yeah. Holy shit. The Give me another ulcer. Yeah.
Holy shit.
The old igloo was awful.
Oh yeah, bad news.
The visitors room?
Yeah, that was tough.
I know, but I fucking loved playing at the igloo.
The igloo was amazing.
And you had to skate,
the penguins had to skate through your warmups.
Yeah, that was awkward.
I don't know why they did that.
Didn't care.
The acoustics in there.
I think nowadays the owners want to do good locker rooms
because then it shows when those guys are free agents,
like, oh, they got a nice locker room here.
I'm sure it's amazing on the other side, too.
Send over tugs.
This one was way closer than I thought.
I thought this would be renown, resounding no. Do you like
the idea of an in-season tournament like the NBA's? It was 54 to 45 no. I thought it would be like
80 to 20. I think that if you waived the money in front of them and told them that there was money
involved, that would be like 80 20 maybe
even more so that I think the NBA players each player made if they won it like 500,000
if not a million dollars so maybe not as enticing when you're making you know 40 50 sheets for
some of the guys but I still think these guys like playing for money and that's a lot of money. That's a Ferrari for them.
So I think that if you could get each guy,
you know, 100 grand, 100 grand each player to the winner,
I bet you fucking, oh yeah.
Okay.
It's not, you're not adding more games,
it's just they're making a bigger deal about the games, right?
Yeah. So I don't know, why not? Give it a try.
Yeah, I was more intrigued by the different court design,
at least the first year they did it.
So if you had all of a sudden these funky jerseys
that they are rolling out for these specific games
for the in-season tournament,
I think that it could be something very special.
Like what about the, the, the highest point getter of that specific
tournament gets like a brand new car, like make it entice of, and, and yeah,
make it sick.
Okay.
Maybe, maybe, uh, maybe the posts are, are, are painted a different color.
No, or the little paint the ice a different color.
Yeah. Get really wacky. Maybe make it a little bit more like the Euro jerseys with all the brands.
But those are not the traditional jerseys being disrespected.
What if they all wear the old hockey pants in the game?
They did the Cooperalls a few years ago and I thought they looked a little wack.
They just did it for warmups though, I think.
Oh, it was just warmups.
I thought they looked like Janko pants too much.
Is the season too long?
Yes. Yeah, it should be 72 games.
Yes. 58 said no.
I was surprised at that.
Yeah, they said pre-season.
One guy said pre-season is too long.
I think we should start the third week of September and June 1st should be game
seven of the cup final.
I'm fine with that.
I like that.
They're never taking games away.
It would just end it sooner and not
have a bunch of June hockey, I think, is ideal.
And then last one, should Gary Bettman retire?
I think he should solidify the next CBA and that's what they talk about and the TV deal.
And then and then I think that that was a hell of a run.
Yeah. And what else? That's pretty much what everyone else says.
And insurance for the players.
I think he needs to do something for the humanitarian side, humanitarian side to kind of.
Unreal send off for Gary Bettman.
So it's been a long episode.
We're going to get to quick hits and the quick hits are sponsored by Dove.
Finally, there is a scrub designed for men's needs and the new Dove Men Plus Care
Body and Face Scrubs to your shower routines.
Using the shower, bath or at your sink, apply to wet skin, rinse clean and follow
with your favorite Dove Men Plus
Care body wash or cleansing bar.
Scrub transforms how you and your skin feel.
That's why Biz looks so good on stage with Nickelback.
He's all into the Dove.
It's made for your face, body, scalp, et cetera.
And if you want to try Dove Men Plus Care, find it at Walmart today.
The best in the business, Dove Men Plus Care.
The Red Wings boys, they look great heading into the break. They had a seven game win
streak that was halted by the Tampa Bay Lightning on Saturday. I think Tampa scored four goals
in the first like 12 minutes of the game. So they actually ended up making it 4-3, but
Tampa ended up pulling it out 6-3. But Mason, I mean, Jesus, Mason Raymond, Lucas Raymond,
21 goals and 38 assists.
Anything that you think Stevie Eichermann could do
to maybe help this team out biz?
I think we were gonna talk about Cousins.
I heard that he was linked to there.
I think that that's the perfect age
and a great boost to that lineup.
I don't know how they make that work.
Um, I, I mean, you, you have to imagine they have really good prospects.
They've, they've had a few drafts with Stevie Y where I wouldn't do anything crazy, but
I mean, man, like a legitimate second line center, like those, those also ain't growing
on trees and I feel like his cap hit isn't horrible and I feel
like a change of scenery would be would be good for him on a
team on the uptrend. Not necessarily saying Buffalo isn't
I just hiding behind Larkin and playing that way like the way
that I feel like Larkin is a very, very well-rounded player.
Responsible.
He's responsible, yet can produce while doing so. I feel like he's a guy who could lead
a team to a cup as a first-line center. So I would like to see Dylan Cousins there.
I would like to see Dylan Cousins there. Somebody also said Toronto.
I think that with where the Leafs are right now,
I would like Braden Shen, a guy who's been there, done that,
a leader, a guy who's been in those hard moments,
maybe wouldn't necessarily trust Dylan Cousins
in the short term to get it done now.
Calgary, apparently, too. Calgary's very interested in Dylan Cousins.
That is another guy. You talked about Frost and Farabee in that age range.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The wings have, is it Sebastian Cosa, the tall goalie?
Yes.
He's been in Grand Rapids. And then they also have Trey Augustine, who is the best goalie,
one of the best goalies in the NCAA at Michigan State.
So maybe you could move one of those guys.
I don't think you want to.
You want as much goaltending depth as you can get, but we'll see.
The Canucks signed defenseman Marcus Patterson to a six-year contract extension that carries
a 5.5 average annual value.
The team announced on Wednesday, he has a full no move clause in
the first three years and a 15 team trade no clause for the last three. They had to
sign him after what they gave up for him, but he's been good dude. And after Ronick
and Quinn Hughes, they really needed another guy. And I remember Kevin Hayes told me earlier
this year, like I had no idea how good this guy was. He's a shut down defenseman. He's a long, pretty skinny guy when you see him off the ice, but can skate, has a great
stick, makes a good first pass, and just can play a solid 22, 23 minutes a night. And that's
something that's enormous to Vancouver. Since he's came over, I think first game there he
played 26 minutes. So I like the signing. I think it makes a lot of sense.
I think when you look up five and a half million dollar defenseman,
his picture should be right there. He's that exact number.
He's not going to blow you away offensively. He's very,
very good defensively responsible.
He's going to make whoever he's playing with play even better.
So I think that's a perfect number for him, if not even a little bit lower, but yeah.
I thought he'd get a little more too, Keith.
I did too.
I thought around six, but I think he's a nice fit there.
Obviously it works.
Um, in, you know, with all of his brothers, the
other Pettersons there, so that helps out, but yeah,
it's been an amazing fit for him.
And just the guy, like you said about Quinn Hughes,
the, he's, he's a, he's a one man breakout.
He's not going to do anything crazy back there, toe drag or anything, but he's going to get
the puck in the hands of your best players and help you live to fight another day.
So I love the signing and I imagine he's going to be there for even longer than that.
Yeah, I thought it was an incredible signing too.
I think that it's a good quality to where 65, 70 games
of the year, you're going to be like, wow, that guy played
a great game tonight.
Just so consistent, true professional.
Like maybe I feel like a poor man's at home.
I feel like this is one where when the Oilers got at home,
I don't think people realized how good of a pickup
that was going to be.
Like it's still paying dividends.
I feel like that's going to be the case for Vancouver
in getting him over there.
And you're paying him a half a million dollars more
than what you offered Zdorov.
And to me, like Zdorov is like a lot like me as a player very hot very
cold like he's a he rides the roller coaster so to get somebody where you know
exactly where you're getting night in and night out and get in at that number
that's a big signing and if we're on the Vancouver topic like he does look great
there man he's playing a lot like he's playing in a structure like with with good wingers and that I'm telling you man like like talk
He fucking juggled this whole situation and he's like they're coming out on top of this like all that all those distractions
PD looks a little bit better like he's getting his confidence back
So for what they've done and to lose Demko again and still be getting good goaltending and pull off wins against the Leafs.
They beat fucking Washington.
Like this is a good stretch of hockey and he deserves a lot of credit for
managing that shit show.
They sit right now in the second wild card spot six three and one in their
last 10. So things are coming together for the Canucks.
So that's it's probably finally a relief for everyone.
Like it's over the trade happen and we can kind of move forward. And Pedersen is a guy, he's an example of somebody like,
when you don't notice him, like that means he's doing his job to perfection. Right? Like at the
end of the game, if you're not saying his name, it's like, oh, he did it again. He shut down their
top scorer and he made some good breakout passes. Like I just, I think of Rob Scuderi, like that
player, like he just solid play after solid play play nothing flashy. What are his offensive numbers?
Pettersons? Yeah is he getting like 30 points a year? You think he owns more jeans than Scuds?
Didn't Scud go 20 years in the NHL one pair of jeans? Yeah I believe so.
Pettersons high for points in his career was actually last season with 30. He had 24 the year before that, 19, 22, 19.
This year he has 18 points in 51 games.
So just a solid stay at home D-man.
Somebody who is flashy though is Martin Neches and he has looked awesome with the abs.
Rantinen on the other hand has looked very pedestrian like, like not
himself with Carolina, but Netches is is like, wow I'm playing with Nathan
McKinnon, it's as easy as they say and he's flying around, has looked great, had
the big game winner Friday night against Edmonton in an awesome game, it was 4-3.
So right now it's like, wow Colorado's got to be happy with how that's looked. Yeah, I think 100. And obviously it helps too, because like you said, with ranting and
struggling a little bit. But when we talked to Natress, he seemed like a guy that just wanted
to play hockey. He just wanted to be out there. You remember seeing videos of him on the ice
after a game shooting pucks that he
didn't think he played good enough. So you can just tell he's just a purebred hockey player and
to play with a guy like Nate, he knows how lucky he is and it looks like he's taking it and running
with it. We all know how he can shoot that puck and when you have Nate opening the ice and McCarv,
Nate opening the ice and McCarve, you know, seeming guys giving you the puck. It's a nice compliment to those two for sure. As of now, they definitely have won that trade so far.
It's always nice when you make like a prediction or have a hot take and every day that goes by,
I'm looking more and more like a genius with the way that this trade has kind of played out.
You know, it's a good day. Would you not say my Rotten and take is looking better by the day?
So far, it's looked very good.
Rotten and had never gone three games in a row the whole year being off the score sheet.
You know, it only happened for two games straight twice in Colorado,
and he's already done it once with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Not the easiest team to transition into playing.
They play a different system,
you're not playing with the best player in the world.
Yeah, give it a little time, but right now.
That does it in room.
I know, but if we're treating it like a meme coin here,
my stock is up, right?
And those things crash very quickly.
They do, that's why I said meme very quickly. Hey, they do.
And that's why I said meme coin.
Do you speaking of that, do you have any idea of what the fuck Dave Portnoy is doing?
Like, what is all this shit?
No clue. I couldn't be more confused.
I don't know how to buy them. I don't know what they are.
I know this whole crypto Twitter world is it's nonsense.
It's there. There's rug pull.
It's I am so out of my element with this,
but I mean I saw that people were making
10 times their money overnight on these things
and all of a sudden it's gone.
So I think it's basically just high stakes,
high quick changing gambling.
That's pretty much what it comes down to.
Like backerat?
I don't know, I've never played back or at either, but it seems wild.
Yeah. Do you know what it's about?
You don't have a clue.
I know nothing, nothing. I wouldn't even know where to get it.
Gee, hop on here for a second, buddy, because the next year quick hitter is,
what is the watch situation going on with Rontanen and Jack Roslovich?
Yeah. So I got this interesting email this past week and it
came with pictures too.
You never know when you get an email in the Chicklets account.
But it was pretty cool when I sent it over to you guys and I'll
read it here for you guys.
It says Jack Roslovich immediately gave up his 96 jersey
to Miko Rantanen who had been traded to Carolina as his
customary. Rantanen promised to buy Roslovich a Rolex watch in return.
The only challenge was that the desired watch model was not readily available without years
of waiting.
So Rantnan had to rely on his home country and Finnish watch enthusiasts for help.
Finnish watch enthusiast, Unis Salmela heard about Rantnan's need.
He managed to find the right Rolex model and quickly traveled to his friend in Raleigh
to deliver the watch to Rostovic.
Coincidentally, Carolina's game came against Utah, which also marked Rostovic's 500th NHL
game.
After the game, the Finnish duo, along with Rantan, who was sidelined for the match, presented
the watch to Rostovic inside the arena.
While there, they emptied the Carolina Hurricanes fan store buying all the fresh
96 Rantanen jerseys as souvenirs for Finland. Miko personally signed all the jerseys. The
surprises didn't stop at the watches. Salmonella also had arranged for handcrafted Finnish
necklaces for the players and I'll show these pictures now. They were made by a master goldsmith
who was particularly popular among Finnish rap artists.
Eunice and his friend Rup got to experience unforgettable moments inside the NHL world.
Both Jack and Miko love the necklace and we in turn had an unforgettable experience in
the NHL and in Carolina.
Thanks to Miko for organizing all this and hosting us.
This trip will never be forgotten.
Wow.
That makes me think Miko is going to catch fire, baby.
Yeah, that's some karma right there.
All right. There goes the watch.
We're crashing. We're crashing, baby.
Oh, no, there goes the biz meme.
Oh, I'm pulling the rug. I pull the rug.
It's done. It's done.
The International Ice Hockey Federation announced Tuesday, just upsetting, to say the least,
that it's extending its ban on Russia and Belarus through the 25-26 season, meaning
that Russia will not be in the Olympics next year in Italy.
It's just, I get it, it is what it is, it just sucks as hockey fans to see this Russian
roster and to see what it would be like to have Russia in the mix with Canada, US, Sweden and the rest of the country's.
Czech will be back.
Kind of shitty news for hockey fans.
I know there's a bunch of stuff that goes into this.
I'm talking purely hockey here.
You want Russia in the best on best and they won't be there.
Especially with Ovi probably being his last year too, having him end with something like
that, playing for his country.
You know how much pride all those Russians take too, and playing for their country.
Obviously, I don't know what happened with the whole suspension for their country, but
it would be nice to see the hockey players in there.
I think there were several things, but I just wanted to see Kucherov, the man that when
we talk about these generational players, we never mentioned what a player would have been sick to see him in the
in the Olympics for Russia next year but last thing guys before we send over to
Brian Noonan is um Chris Bork's son Kingston is heading to the Quebec
Pee-Wee Championship I don't know if you know I won that tournament in 1997 with
Keith's brother Brian and the South Shore Kings.
So Kingston will be heading with Top Gun.
Keith and I very close with Chris, who wanted to shout out Kingston and the Top Gun team.
I believe their 12th birthday year, 2012 birth years.
So go get him. Keith was our stick boy on that championship squad.
He was running a muck around La Colosse.
So, um, hey, also, gee, pretty good read of that story. Stickboy on that championship squad. He was running a mock around La Colosse. So
Hey, also G pretty good reader that story. Holy fuck. He didn't skip a beat
Can I tell you guys how nervous I was cuz I knew I'm getting tagged in one time this episode and it's gonna read
Tip to read this email. So I took
Seven hours and I locked in I'm like I got one goal this pod
Just don't fuck up this email.
Is the guy's name Sal Manila though,
like the poisoning you can get?
Yeah, I mean, that's how it's spelled.
But I'm just a terrible with names, as you know,
Sasha Boucherve.
I'm terrible with them.
So yeah, it's probably wrong.
Great job, G. With that, we can send it over
to Brian Noonan, who in a prior life
could have hosted a talk show. This man can talk.
We want to thank him for coming on. Stanley Cup champion. Love him. South Boston's own Brian Noonan.
Guys, before we continue, I want to talk to you about DraftKings. This NHL season has been as
predictable as a puck rolling on its edge. No one knows where it's going. But that just means there's time for your favorite team
to figure things out just in time for the playoffs
and the chase for Lord Stanley.
And the games are left for you to get in on the action
at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner
of the National Hockey League.
The NHL is the fastest game on ice.
It's the greatest game in the world in person.
And you can make fast live bets during any game on DraftKings Sportsbook.
It's super easy for first timers to get started.
Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win.
Go to the DraftKings Sportsbook app, select your team and place your first bet.
And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up.
New customers bet 5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. That's
right. Bet 5 on your favorite team to win and get 150 in bonus bets right away. Download
the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code CHICKLETS. That's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet just five bucks. Only on DraftKings.
The brown is yours.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
In New York, call 877-8HOPENY
or text HOPENY467369.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777
or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boothill Casino and Resort in Kansas,
21 and over, age and eligibility varies Chicago and has for a long time. We're now pleased to be joined by a special guest a man who grew up raised in Boston
But now lives in Chicago and has for a long time Stanley Cup winner Calder Cup winner
Brian Newton, thanks for joining the show. It's called the Calder Cup in the IHL. Oh, I'm sorry
I thought it was the AHL that was the IHL was a Turner Cup Turner Cup
Okay, so Chicago was Chicago Wolves were IHL for a long time. And the year I was broadcasting with them,
they won the Calder Cup.
Yeah, they've always had a great program.
I think they beat us in the finals that year.
Was it Wilkes-Barre who they played in the finals?
No, they played, shoot, I knew you were gonna say it,
but I know it wasn't Wilkes-Barre.
Okay, because we played.
That's when they had like Krug and Haydar, those guys.
Oh, they were all making a million bucks.
Yeah, Jimmy the Hat.
Yeah, Steve Malte was there, big scorer.
Rob Brown was there.
Oh, we interviewed him.
We interviewed him.
He's a great guy.
What are you doing now in your post-career?
I coach a travel team here, the Chicago Jets.
They're down actually like a mile from the United Center.
I do Bannums, minor and major, so.
Are you a hard-nosed coach, old school? Yeah, school look like you fucking yell at the kids and get you shit.
I do too much.
Wake the fuck up.
I had Kenan and Darrell Sutter as both.
I kind of yell a little too much.
Yes.
Okay.
So you're old.
You're definitely old school.
Do the, do the younger kids appreciate that they need the discipline?
I don't think they do as much as the parents do.
If I could be surprised, parents, you know, do say, I like that you yell at the kids.
You know, I'm not swearing at them.
Okay.
That's good.
Not always.
Hope I'm screaming in the right way.
I'm not just.
Yeah.
You're holding them accountable.
Yeah.
You also have to be loud too.
He's one of 11.
Yes.
No.
And second youngest.
Second youngest of 11.
So you gotta, you gotta also people probably don't know Philip Revers over here
My sister is married to Bobby's nephew. No, yeah
Yeah, that kid doesn't make it to the NHL. Well, everybody's kind of cousins in Boston, right?
There's a lot of yeah, it's just a lot of incest going on there. No, what the fuck bitch fuck you it's from Welland
I
Guess oh if you're one of 11 though, like how nuts was that?
It was the whole family playing hockey.
You're South Boston.
All girls.
South Boston.
Seven girls.
Four boys.
And the girls were tougher than the boys.
They are.
Most of them were, yeah.
And we grew up like in O'Callally Housing Project.
Like that was down this, you know, it wasn't the best place to grow up but we're all bunched in one little apartment, three people in a room but you
learn to get along and figure it out. Who were your, who were your
idols? Who did you watch growing up? Where you're like I want to be like that guy in
the NHL. Yeah we're Bruins fans obviously and Cherry O'Reilly, Rick Middleton, those were my favorite guys.
Nifty was, you know, fun to watch.
He was sick.
Great Mets, yeah.
Were you playing like street hockey?
Were you like, was it more?
Every day. I mean, there was a school
yard right across from our house. I was,
I was out there every day just with a
hockey ball or a tennis ball, you know,
trying to stay out of trouble. My dad was a cop.
So he was pretty, you know, he knew who my friends were.
He's like, you're not hanging with them tonight.
So he was probably a disciplinary too.
Not so bad, but no, you got the message when he talked to you, right?
He was sure.
Where were you in the order of the kids?
I was the second youngest.
I have a younger sister.
So you, so you had sisters just raising you basically.
I'll be 60.
My oldest brother will be 70.
So we had one every year.
Oh, it's not even that crazy.
Actually the one set of twins, boy and a girl.
That is nuts.
When did you like know, like you were going to be this good at hockey?
Like you were, were you 15, 16?
I mean, somehow you played in the WHL.
It's like so random.
I think back then a lot of good hockey players from Boston were going to
BU or at least college.
And that's what I wanted to do.
I mean, high school hockey back then was AAA.
Now they have all AAA teams here now.
Like there were good teams.
It was good.
Yon BC, Archie's where I went.
And I was pretty good at high school. So I knew I was, I could go to college. I was getting offers, but unfortunately
I wasn't a good student.
Keith didn't think I went to school at all,
but I did show up.
Keith goes, do you have a diploma?
But I didn't do, I didn't do anything at school.
It was stupid.
I shouldn't say this, but I just hated school.
You know, I had a brother, Paul, who's went to
uh, Norwich to be an engineer.
He played hockey. He was smart. I was smart. I, but I just hated school. You know, I had a brother, Paul, who went to
Norwich to be an engineer. He played hockey.
He was smart.
You know, I'd ask him to do my homework for me.
And they'd be like, no, I'll help you with it.
I'm not doing it for you.
Then I'm like, well, I'm not going to do it then.
So I just didn't, I should have obviously,
because I could have went to any school, but back
then they changed the rule. You had to have a 2.0 grade average
to get a scholarship.
And you couldn't even get there?
And I had like a 1.8 or a 1.9.
I went to a, Archie's is a Catholic school, so
I-
And not the hardest.
Priest was the president, so I went and met
with him and I'm like-
Can you get him on the phone?
Can you help me out?
Yeah, bump me up.
And he's like, you know, Catholic priest.
He's like, ah, we can't do that.
Oh yeah, play by the rules all the time. He's like, uh, we can't play by the rules.
All that's like, I gotta go to the WHL now.
That's yeah.
Where I ended up in new Westminster, which I
tried to go to Kitchener, but there are rules
that they didn't have the rules back then.
You had to stay in your quadrant kind of thing.
Yeah.
The districts.
Right.
So I, a scout from the Hawks got me a trial
with the Portland Winterhawks. So almost like the night before I was leaving,
I didn't even know there was a WHL.
I knew nothing about Western Hockey League or...
Where am I going right now?
Yeah, it wasn't like I was going on the internet back then.
No, I know it's hard.
You couldn't Google anything.
So then the night before I was leaving,
the coach of the new Westminster Bruins called me and said,
I can't go there because they drafted me,
which I didn't know they had a draft, didn't even know I was drafted. So my dad,
like I said, is a cop, he was a loyal guy, he's like you're going to Portland. We
already promised them. I'm like we can't. Yeah there's rules here dad. Yeah so New
West said you can come here try out if. Where is that? Vancouver, just outside.
Oh.
It's beautiful.
So that actually worked out pretty nice then.
Yeah.
So they said come here and try out and you know, if you're good enough, then obviously
we'll keep you.
But if you don't like it, we'll send you wherever you want to go.
I noticed you were drafted by the Blackhawks, but then yet in the IHL at the time played
for the Nova Scotia Oilers.
We shared with Edmonton.
Okay.
So you went from one coast to the next coast.
Like, what, I mean, you're moving around like crazy.
Like what was the, the adjustment like?
Did you like it?
Um, I mean, moving up a level hockey wise was fun.
Uh, Nova Scotia was, I bet you guys have a here Larry Kish, that name.
No, no, he was a coach.
He was an Edmonton guy. So you're supposed to be playing half black, playing the Edmonton guys, a here Larry Kish. You know that name? No, no. He was a coach.
He was an Edmonton guy.
So you're supposed to be playing half black.
He's playing the Edmonton guys.
All of them.
Like I mean, hockey scouts were coming from the Hawks and we were sitting in the stands.
Like, oh shit.
Finally, they kind of figured out like, hey, you got to play some of these guys.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So nice.
Finally started playing us and you know, I ended up scoring like 25 or 30 goals and
that was I kind of was making a step up I was there one year yeah.
Did you did you have a chance to maybe make the team out of camp that first year or did you know you were going to be in the minors?
No yeah I like I went like once I went from high school then I went to New West
then I went to the IHL I signed with the Hawks I played in there then I went to the IHL. I signed with the Hawks. I played in there, then I
went to the AHL and then I went to... I kind of made one step every year.
I went one step.
Yeah, and you proved yourself at each level, I guess, before you got up. Then you get to
Chicago. Like, who's there at the time? Like, who are the legends that had been a Black
Hawk for a long time when you show up as a rookie?
Well, my first year there playing was Bob Murdick was a coach
and, you know, he had Doug Wilson,
Dennis Avar, Steve Larmer,
Bob Murray, who was the goal he's
getting there like Bob Mason came
and he was in Washington.
Yeah.
Alan Chevrier.
What was the rookie treatment like
back then?
Ben Wilson was there.
He was a different bird. He looked to me like this guy was crazy. He was crazy. treatment like back then? Ben Wilson was there. He was a different bird.
He looked at me like this guy was crazy or something.
Was he crazy?
Yeah.
What'd he do?
He could, well, he was tough.
Oh, okay.
Right.
But he was, uh, the one year at camp, I hope he doesn't kill me for this, but.
No, these are the type of stories we like to hear on trickle.
He didn't like camp, right?
He was never in the best shape.
So he didn't.
So one year they put him up to forward.
They said, you're going to play center.
So they get him thinking he's going to move around, skate more.
Right.
So he came into the locker room where all the rookies were and he's like, Hey, I'm
playing sentiment and don't come near me.
Like, don't take the puck off me.
People are like, okay.
And so nobody really went near him, but one kid was a first rounder bumped into him. Like,
didn't mean to hit him or nothing.
And Ben took his stick and rifled it all the way up on the
raft. Like all the way up to the top, the people, everyone like,
I was like, what a nut. And the poor kid, I don't think he ever played.
No, he was like,
ruined his career. Right. Like, fuck this.
I'm better than getting the, was it Billy Garen who like took
net was it Ned Haven's head off?
No, no, no.
Camp one year.
Some random guy.
OK, Billy G told us about that.
I was just going to say that's better than him beating you up.
I throw my stick.
I don't care.
I'll get another one.
Jesus.
What was the Billy G one?
He just slapped some kid in the neck in camp who like pushed him.
Yeah, his kid was being a hard-o
and he just had had enough.
Yeah, I gave him the old, the lightsaber,
kinda like the Vaucune treatment.
He felt bad about it after, I believe.
I think he apologized.
For a minute.
Yeah.
Was Keenan the coach?
No, Bob Murdoch was.
Keenan came out a year after that.
Did Keenan torture you?
Or did he like-
Did you have him in New York too?
Yeah.
So he brought you.
I mean he was, I didn't like everything he did,
but I'm kind of laid back, so I kind of needed to be pushed,
which I didn't mind.
I didn't like everything he did.
Like, you know, he sent me down to the minors a lot.
Sat me out a lot, but you know, when I played for him,
he did push me and I felt I got better for it.
But he certainly is a quiet taste.
So you felt like, we're just kind of alluded to it.
So your time in Chicago you spent with him,
do you think that earned the trust
to then bring you over to New York?
Like, because at then I feel like you had a lot of say
in what was going on even trade-wise.
I think so.
I mean, especially playoffs I felt
I played pretty good and performed.
And we liked that. But, uh, yeah, he, he trusts guys, like guys, he kind of beat up,
you know, he kind of trusts that I would do what he says and never really complained. And, you know,
I think that was part of, he liked also, like there was a trust there that, you know, I could play
30 minutes one night and five minutes the next night and I was just gonna not complain. Right? Like, no clue though. Like
every night, I don't know what I'm getting from him. I mean, you kind of had
a feeling, right? But there were some times I thought I was playing well and
then I'd come in and my jersey wouldn't be up and you know, stuff like that, which
kind of pisses you off. But he got the most out of me, I felt for sure.
He did.
That's good.
But some guys he treated bad, you know, like, but couldn't handle it.
What's the craziest thing you ever seen him do?
He was just crazy when you lost.
Like it didn't matter.
If you could play good and lose, it was just the loss.
He, he, he hated losing.
Like he, he really thought you should win every single game,
which is obviously impossible.
Yeah.
But he didn't really like hit bag skate you all the time.
Like he didn't really do anything crazy.
That would be like, but he just, he wanted the team to hate him so much that you
would just, it would galvanize the team almost against the coach.
Right.
That's what it's kind of a weird philosophy.
Yeah.
Not really the one that I would go for.
No, no.
I mean, her Brooks did it though.
That was his thing too. I just
can't imagine over 82 games doing it as opposed to like the Olympics. Right. It's just nuts.
Like he was bag skating us one year and him and Savard hated each other. Like you could
just tell right away. And so half the team was in red, half was in black, and we're just doing goal line back forever, right?
And Kenan's like, all right, red go,
goal line stop, come back.
After 10 times, Zavara wasn't stopping anymore.
He would be down, he would turn, go back.
Kenan would bowl the whistle, red go again.
No.
Stop.
Savvy went down, wouldn't stop.
Wow, sweet.
So the whole red team's like, fucking stop. I'm on the black, I'm like, keep going. Yeah, Abby went down, wouldn't stop. So, the whole red team's like, fucking stop.
I'm on the black, I'm like, keep going.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't want to skate keep,
but it went on for half an hour.
And he kept going on.
Red went, I bet, 20 times.
I'm like, holy shit.
How did it end?
Finally, guys couldn't even.
Savard got traded.
Rick Vi was on his back on the ice.
He was dehydrated.
I thought he was going to pass out.
So was he pulling that in New York with Messier and.
I got there late, but, uh, so I didn't see any of that.
Like they were, like they were in first place by a lot.
Yeah.
But in playoffs, he was starting to bench guys.
And I think Mass and Kevin Lowe said, no, take it easy a little bit.
You're, you're a pretty laid back guy. Did you scrap a lot during your career? Like how many fights were you doing a year? and Kevin Lowe said, no, take it easy a little bit.
You're a pretty laid back guy.
Did you scrap a lot during your career?
Like how many fights were you doing a year?
Not many, I fought more in the minors.
You kind of had to, right?
When I went to New Westminster, I was, you know,
an American, Boston Yankee, right?
So you had to stick up for yourself.
So I had a few.
Craig Barubi was my left winger, so that-
Oh nice. That helped me out a lot.
Cliff Ronnie was my center man.
Wow.
That's a hell of a line right there.
Yeah.
I think he had like 210 points or
something, Cliff, that season.
Yeah.
It was insane how many points he had.
He was a Ruby fighting every game then
a lot.
I mean, he fought and Todd Ewan was on our
team, Billy ran for was our goalie.
Wow. Uh, Mark recwan was on our team. Billy ran for was our goalie. Wow.
Uh, Mark recce was on our younger team.
He should have been probably been on our team.
What, like, uh, like the G like they had him, like he was like 15 or something.
Oh, wow.
But yeah.
So I had the NHL, I didn't have many flights, a few.
I think my first flight was her brag when he beat me up pretty good.
So that was, did you, that's at the deadline the year the Rangers won it?
Yeah, me and my toe for Tony Amante.
Oh my God, that's a huge deal.
Did you know it was coming?
I knew I was going somewhere.
I didn't, I never thought New York and I never at that time thought Keena would bring me
back.
Then New York, I mean, they're in first place or kind of like, I'm like, I never thought New York and I never at that time thought Kenan would bring me back
than New York. I mean, they're in first place or kind of like, I'm like, I'm not going to play when I get there. What were you doing when you'd leave the rink? Were you like in the, in the era
where you guys just get fucked up every day, like drink beers all afternoon, like lunch extends a
dinner and yeah, there'd be long lunches for sure. Yeah. Uh, in Chicago, we always went to a little
bar down the street from the rink. When I first got to Chicago, you weren't allowed to live in the city.
You had to live in the burbs. Why they forced you to all teams used to have
those. Well, they figured, you know, they didn't want you going out.
Well, there's no, no, uh, in the suburbs, no cars, right? But then everyone's
driving home and drinking, right? Like, of course they want you to get DUIs.
Now they all live in the city.
Like none of them live in the burbs.
Yeah, well yeah, you'd have long lunches,
drinking all day, and old school hockey.
Any other silly rules they had?
Not really.
Did you train in the summer?
Like did you ever lift weights or no?
Yeah, I mean I wasn't a, I had a trainer,
one of my friends when I grew up was a trainer, so we worked out with him all the time. I wasn't a I had a trainer one of my friends I grew up with a trainer
So he we worked out with him all the time. I wasn't crazy like these guys do now
I could only imagine the shit you guys are doing compared to what they oh just benching benchpress
Yeah, none of the stuff we girls right would you do a lot up or you just hop right into it?
I'd play hoops for like 15 minutes. That's a good warm-up actually
But yeah, I mean it was.
You weren't doing the ladder?
No ladders.
No bands?
No bands.
I hurt my shoulder was the first time I ever heard of a band.
Oh yeah, the old ones.
The old ones you stretch.
But yeah, there were a lot of long lunches.
So it's totally different than now.
Of course.
Yeah.
You travel, we didn't charter. Commercial.
Commercial.
We play the Bruins on a back to back and we're flying back to Boston.
I'm sitting beside a guy on the Bruins who we're playing the next day.
Oh my God.
I never even thought about that.
So you never got any of the taste of the private planes that was before?
Vancouver had a private plane when I went there because they had to cross the border
all the time.
The Rangers had one, my second time there. The beautiful. Plans that was Vancouver had a private plane when I went there because you know, they had to cross the border all the time
The rangers had one my second time there
The beautiful were you a prankster?
No
I heard like back in the day when the guys used to have to like like fly like what do you call?
Commercial when you're flying with like road civilians
And they'd like wrap like dildos and tinfoil like and they put it in the guy's bag
And then all of a sudden they throw it through the machine.
Well, I went back to security back then.
Just walked through the airport.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
Actually?
Yeah.
Yeah, there wasn't like,
like 9-Eleven changed everything.
Yeah, they weren't checking your bags.
You didn't have to throw your bag
through a machine before 9-Eleven?
I don't think so.
The guy might've been looking at the x-ray machine,
he's like scratching himself.
It wasn't like now
They didn't know like mall cops
Yeah, our flights would get delayed like going to st. Louis would be in the airport for hours and waiting for drinking
We got no air in the air weren't allowed
Hotel bars or airports not allowed
Plenty other places so after the games though, you wouldn't leave till the next morning. Was it the whole team together?
Would you guys be splitting off in groups? Like who was your guy that you'd be everywhere? I play
It's pretty much everybody there was at least 15 guys out every night with you like, you know, most wouldn't stay
You know long but everyone was there. You know what I mean? After dinner, then some guys would stay longer
Most guys would stay longer. Most guys would stay longer.
I think that's what's missing from the game now.
It's like, you don't-
Then you'd fall asleep on the plane
that cut your ties.
That's stuff they did with.
Oh yeah, tons of pranks going on back then.
That's why I asked about the tinfoil wrapped dildo,
but maybe that was a little, a few years later.
Yeah.
Like in delays, we'd like get a dollar bill out
or a hundred dollar bill and throw it, you know,
and you have a piece of wire on it and you pull it trickle it in. Yeah, that was crap
We did when we're delayed
But just seeing a bunch of NHL guys like pranking other people with five guys in the a used to do the super glue to
The toony so the people be trying to like
Who's gonna sit there and really try to yeah, it's two bucks
He makes it even funnier, right?
Someone just like knuckle deep on the floor.
He's getting a knife.
He's like chipping away on it.
You see me walking out of the airport
with a piece of granite.
Oh my God.
So you never gotten a fuck you match with Keenan? Yeah, I quit before.
Like, no.
The team?
Yeah, I got sent down and I was just kind of all knuff.
I'm like, he's like.
You said I ain't fucking going down?
Yeah, and I just, we were in a like,
we had a little video room back then,
the video rooms were like just starting.
So it was, you and I could barely fit in there.
And you could tell he was nervous telling me,
he's like, well, I'm gonna send you down. It was like 10 games into the season.
And I didn't even play that game. I'm like, why are you sending me down?
It was like, we're going to be, he's going to send you back to,
I think it was in Indianapolis again. I'm like, well, I'm fucking not going.
And I think at the point he thought.
You looked at Mike Keene in the face and you said, I'm not going down.
Yeah. Like I'm not going down. I've had enough.
So I went in, grabbed my skates and grabbed Chelly. I'm like, Hey, I'm going back to the min down. I've had enough. So I went in, grabbed my skates and grabbed
Shelley. I'm like, Hey, I'm going back to the
minors. I'll meet you in the lot down at the
parking lot.
You thought you weren't going though?
I wasn't. We're going out.
Okay.
You know, I was telling him, I'm because we
always left the game together.
I'm like, I'll meet you down.
You know, so we went out the lodge all night.
And so then the next day you show back up to the rink and Kenan season.
No, I had my skates.
I wasn't going back to the rink.
I grabbed my skates and Charlie and I were out.
Remember we were in that rock and roll McDonald's parking lot.
And I don't know why we're separate.
I was hopping in the cabin, heading home and, uh, you know, I got to the
cab and I'm like, shit, I don't have my skates.
So I like, Charlie, I need my skates.
And he rifles them across the park.
I'm out there sparking, bouncing all over the place.
I'm like, oh my God.
So I hopped on a flight the next day.
I went back to Boston.
No shit.
And then what?
Two months or three months, I just didn't do anything.
I wasn't going back.
I was just trying to get traded.
And I finally realized I should go back.
I'm not like I'm doing nothing but hanging out. What's your agent saying at this time? What are you doing Brian?
Yeah, I mean he kind of knew because like I said, I was getting sent down
Back then there was a rule yet of when he got sent down you had to clear waivers depending on how many games you played
How long you're with the team and I was kind of in that spot where they could send me down
I didn't have to be claimed off waivers.
So I was the guy always getting sent down.
Yeah, they abused it.
Exactly.
So I just got tired of it.
I'm like, I'm not gonna go down no more.
So I went home for a few months and then came back,
went down back to Indy.
You know, finished the year really good.
I think I had like 40 goals or something.
And then they said, come to camp next year.
You make it.
We'll sign you a one way contract.
If you don't, we'll trade it to wherever you want to go.
What was your game like?
Like, were you good skater, bad skater, good hands?
Like, I had good hands.
I think I was pretty good on the boards, you know, strong, you know, nothing flashy.
That's skating. Wasn't like your strong suit, but good enough.
I mean, I had a long stride, like smooth stride.
I wasn't, you know, I wasn't getting around the ice, like on my edges, like a
lot of people now, but you pointed at Yann's there.
You thought he was a good skater?
Yeah, I think he was.
Of course.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I was just wondering what you thought.
What was that you think?
Do you not think I was?
I thought maybe I was a better backward skater than Yann. He's good at skating backward pretty well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was just wondering what you thought. What was that you were? Do you not think I was? I thought maybe I was a better backward skater than you.
He's good at skating backwards pretty well.
Yeah.
Four fine forward.
Going to New York, like, yeah, I feel like back then, especially with
Messi, those guys there, you guys must've had some crazy like celebrity
run-ins, like hangouts with.
I was there and so I really didn't, I mean, I didn't see much of that.
I'm sure there was.
I mean, it's New York, right? But New York's so big.
It's so spread out.
There's so many places like it's too big for me.
Like, you didn't like it overwhelming.
I liked it, but it's just like, you know, some place you go, you find
your like restaurant or the one bar you want to go to New York.
It's like, it's too many places to choose from, or they're just too far away.
Too spread out.
But through your entire time there,
did you get to like run into one celebrity?
Were you ever starstruck like one time?
I really wasn't.
I don't- Not one time?
I got there at a deadline and we finished the season
and we're writing the playoffs.
Like every other week you're playing,
every other day you're playing.
And I didn't really, we didn't really get to go out that much where I was, you know, I wasn't at the China club or things like that.
I heard that China club was like 10 out of 10. I was there once like after we won and
no, I don't remember seeing any celebrities. So were you in the, were you in the lineup for
every game in 94 or were you in and out or? No, like 94 I played every game except the messes guarantee
I hurt my shoulder game six you missed and then um Eddie old played that game. Oh, that's right
But you're good enough to get into game seven when we're two days off and then I played game seven
Yeah, we playing on a line with him. No, it was me McTavish and Teacon
Wow
Mac T I heard would he still had the no bucket on
and he would just be, he'd headbutt guys on face-off.
They had helmets on, right?
Yeah, he was good at those, but he was good.
He was a smart guy.
Teaconin was crazy.
Teaconese, he had his own language.
He liked to have a good time.
Oh, off the ice, he ripped it up.
For sure.
Messier had to tell him, you know, playoff time.
No, he was that wild card.
Like night before games type guy.
Yeah, but fun like he never got in trouble, right.
But he just liked to go out and have a good time and.
You could smell on the next day.
Oh, yeah, some guys would wreak.
I played with one guy in the minors, was it Schneider?
Went to North Dakota.
Oh dude, Schneider, yes.
You could smell him across the ice.
It was crazy, I couldn't believe it.
He texts me sometimes, he always listens to the show.
He reeks like booze after each game.
He used to go to this place,
back in when I was playing the AHL,
we didn't drink every day after practice.
We would go home and nap, and maybe at dinner you'd have a couple beers,
but this guy would go to this place called Elmer Suds
around the corner from where we lived,
and he'd get bellied up with the owner every fucking day,
and he'd come the next, but mind you, he was sick.
Oh, really?
For how big and sloppy he was,
because he was boozing so much,
he moved so fluid on the ice, he was great one on ones.
Played in North Dakota. Yeah, in North Dakota. Yeah, Elmer Suds, he was like co- much. He moved so fluid on the ice. He was great one on ones. Played at North Dakota.
Yeah, North Dakota.
Yeah, Elmer Suds.
He was like co-owner in it by the time.
He was done playing there.
Did he play?
Did he go up to?
I don't think he ever got his chance.
I think like he like just honestly loved,
like the bottle maybe a little too much.
Like when we're talking every day,
we're talking like every day he was getting after it.
Can't do it.
You guys were a different breed back then. We weren't every day, we're talking like every day he was getting after it. You guys were a different breed back then.
We weren't every day, but after like,
we had a practice and we didn't have anything the next day
or we didn't play it for three days.
Yeah, it was a long day.
What was that cup party like, like the parade?
Right after the game, we were in the locker room
for, it seemed like five hours.
You know, went by by then upstairs, Madison square
garden.
They got a big ballroom.
We were there until I mean, it had to be four.
Then we went to the auction house.
I think after that, like it was, they gave us
after we won, like, uh, a guy came around and gave
us all an envelope.
It had, um, a hotel room key and a number to the
limousine downstairs that you had.
Bottle of lube.
For.
Yeah.
So.
12 pack of rubbers.
My brothers were in town.
I had the limo, I think I had it for like six days.
Yeah.
Like every day I'm calling,
pick us back up, pick us back up.
It's like six years later,
they're there with your family still,
riding around the city in a limo.
Thanks Dolan. And my one brother didn't drink it. We city in a limo. Thanks Dolan.
And my one brother didn't drink
and we're getting the limo driver
was starting to drink with us.
So my brother was driving.
Oh no.
And we call for the limo and the guy's like,
yeah Mr. Noonan, you know,
no more you guys driving the limo.
Yeah, you guys were driving the limo.
My brother was.
Oh my God.
He didn't drink.
The Rangers signed Panarin, they're like, Amos Sunun and time to go, man.
It's been 24 years.
Long white limo.
He's in the back getting crushed with the limo driver.
He's got a suit on from 94.
It's a pinstripe suit.
He's got a kitchen.
The limo's an old Cadillac from Goodfellas. Oh, true.
They were all the big long.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
How bad were the suits you guys were rocking back then?
Were you guys doing the bell bottoms and shit?
Well, I thought they were sharp, no bell bottoms.
Then I think, then they look great, buddy.
Yeah, I mean, like, it wasn't the guy in Montreal
with our suits.
Actually, I think we have to ask, like the, the,
the story goes that I've been told is that the game winner in game seven was
scored by you and apparently mess got credit for it, but you hit it.
I don't know. Is that true?
Uh, it's your moment. It's your moment to announce.
No, I mean, he said it. I mean, it's, it, it happened. Yeah. I mean, he had,
he admitted it like a while back. Oh, he did. Yeah. No, I mean, he said it. I mean, it's it, it happened. Yeah. I mean, he had, he admitted it like a while back.
Oh, he did.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know.
Where did it hit you?
In the limo.
It was a rebound.
I, I just hit him, you know, it was on the power play, which I was shocked.
I was out there to be honest with you, but, uh, it was a rebound.
Graves took a shot and I just whacked a weak backhander.
And then I think one of their guys, what was the confusion was mess right next to
mass was right beside the net.
Celebrated.
Yeah.
What?
Like they weren't reviewing goals then, right?
No, they were, they didn't have like an odd, no, but they, you could see, you know,
it's, you know, pretty clear, but I think, you know,
it's game seven of the finals, right? Who gives a fuck, right?
We just went up three, one, like who knows that's going to be the winner, right?
It could be five. Right, right. You're just, we're all excited to score.
And I didn't have no, I thought, we all thought Mets got it. Yeah.
Yeah. He's more just selling and we got a goal. We got a goal. Yeah. And then let's be honest, it's better story thought Mess got it. Yeah. Yeah, he's more just selling, we got a goal, we got a goal.
Yeah, and let's be honest, it's a better story
that Messe got it.
Correct.
I would agree with that.
Well, what about-
He's got enough.
What about that series, you're up 3-1, right?
And then all of a sudden,
it's going to game seven with Vancouver.
Do you remember the team talking?
I think Messe mentioned to us that,
didn't you guys go up somewhere?
Didn't he say they went to like West Point or something?
Oh no, I think they went to where they...
That was before camp, I think.
That was before I was there.
I thought before game seven he said...
Lake Placid, I thought.
No, that was in turn.
The limo.
No, back to the limo.
That was me in the limo.
Did you not do anything,
did something happen between game six and seven
with a couple days off? I thought he said something like that.
No, I just remember like we had a hotel, the day rooms we had because we all lived up in Rye.
Yeah.
So you'd have practice there. You'd go to the day room which is right across the street from Madison Square Garden.
I remember I came out for the game and there was like I I was squeezing through people to get into the ring.
And,
Oh, the buzz must've been,
Oh no, a horses like ready for, you know,
Riot.
Yeah.
Everybody was like, where went in the cop?
And would you be the type to get nervous before games?
Even like in general?
And if not, were you fucking just so nervous?
I was going to say that was the most nervous game
I think I've ever played.
Like I don't know.
Maybe it was cause walking through that crowd,
but I was like, holy shit.
Where normally you're a pretty easy deal. Yeah. Pretty. Yeah.
Common. But I remember shaking that game and I'm like, holy crap.
I hope everyone don't feel like I do. And then they went up. We're down.
I think three, nothing. And we tied at three, three.
And I think they scored three more and it was just like, shit.
And we had to hop on the plane go back to
Vancouver lost again now it was
Now it was nervous your arseholes puckered up this tight
But then gave seven I was fine like maybe because it was just you're gonna win or lose, you know
There was no games left like
Yeah, last year was Florida Edmonton. I think that's what they said. Like, doesn't matter now.
Yeah.
Like we would have taken being here in game seven before the season for the
cup, who cares?
Right.
And we lost to Vancouver.
Like we couldn't even get the bus like back to the hotel.
It was the streets were no shit like jammed.
They were rocking your bus and stuff.
No, but there was just no room.
Like you had to everybody's on the streets. There was nowhere to get the bus around. jammed. They were rocking your bus and stuff. No, but there was just no room like that.
And everybody's on the streets.
There's nowhere to get the bus around.
That's when Buray was unstoppable.
Yeah.
You ever get stuck on the ice against him?
It was pretty fast.
He took that penalty.
They killed him though.
Maybe he took the five in a game.
I think it was game three, maybe he hit Jay Wells right in the face.
Definitely a high sticking.
Like he did on purpose or accidental?
Well, he was crazy.
He had some, he hit the one guy in Dallas.
Oh my God, the elbow.
The flying elbow.
That was surely a hit.
Yeah, he had a couple plays where he went off the deep.
I don't think he did on purpose, but he is, you know, he went to lift up his stick and he did it really hard and hit him right in the face.
He definitely caught him.
And then he got a five in a game and that hurt down.
When you look back on your career, do you always think back of that run with the with
the Rangers? Like, is that the one thing you always gravitate toward back to just
because of how big it was for the city of New York?
MESC, like the guaranteed a series before, like everything going on.
Yeah, I mean, I think about that,
but the crazy thing is I lost in the finals
with Chicago to Pittsburgh,
and that kind of, you think about losing more
than you do winning, at least I have.
You know, what if we had,
because then after seeing the Hawks win three cups,
how crazy that city was, it's like, shit, what if,
you know, what if we didn't play Pittsburgh?
Yeah.
So I think more losing than I did winning, unfortunately.
Yeah.
Mario must've been on a treat to see it up close,
live like that.
And the Jagger, the Jagger was,
like we had just won 11 games in a row,
like set a playoff record.
Then we came into Pittsburgh, first game,
we're up three one, playing well,
and they scored the next four and we lost.
And Keenan was killing us, like, you motherfuckers.
We just won.
In the finals, calling you guys motherfuckers.
Just won 11 in a row and he was screaming at us.
Next day, we had a hard practice.
Then the morning skates, his morning skates
were like full on practices, like
battle helmets, helmets buttoned up,
like three on twos and we're out there
like grinding it out.
Then Pittsburgh comes on the ice and
they got sweatpants on no helmets,
no helmets, throwing saucer passes
all over the place.
Smoking Stokies.
So I knew the next game we're going to be the good or really bad.
And we lost, I think three to one or something.
And tough sledding after that.
You're not going to get, then they beat us twice.
And we got swept for us.
Obviously he's forced straight.
Was that the start of their, their run?
They beat Minnesota the year before that.
They weighed back to back
Yeah, Mario was pretty good
How did you decide to end up living here? Like you played for st. Louis, New York, Vancouver
Phoenix like what what made you live in Chicago? I have an older daughter here. Okay, so, you know
I was around her just with her and then I ended up getting married a girl from Chicago. We have a younger one now. So I felt I always going to say,
like I was telling Keith, like Boston's a lot different now than it was,
you know, back then South Boston where I grew up was a lot different.
Like if it was, if it is like it was now back then, I probably wouldn't went back.
Yeah. Like it's like Lincoln park now, Boston, South Boston.
Did you guys have like a day with the cup? Did you bring it back?
Yeah, I bring it back. So he had a, I had it for two days.
Usually have it for one, but scheduling, I had, you know, had it for,
I drove to New Hampshire, picked it up. I came back and Charlie was actually in
town. I forget what he was doing there, but it was, um,
a bunch of kids were having a ball hockey tournament, like kids,
I knew you a little younger than me,
so I bring the cup, I'm like, the winner can get the cup,
and you know, Chelly was out for a run or something,
came by, and obviously he starts playing.
He can't keep away from it.
Spears a kid.
Yeah.
So yeah, we had it for two days, and had parties,
took it to a hospital, did all the,
I couldn't wait to get rid of it actually.
It's like, uh,
everybody says their hands are sore when they, when they leave,
cause they're just lugging around all the time.
We didn't have a handler. Like we're the last time like we, I took it. So who brought it?
You should like got it at the airport picked it up at, uh,
the assistant GM shit. I can't think of his name now. Uh, Boston, uh,
New Hampshire guy.
So I bring it back in that big blue case and put the case in my house.
And there was nobody watching it then?
No, I had some of my crazy friends from South, like there were my body
guards watching the cup.
So everywhere I took it, we picked it up and carried it.
I can't believe it never got stolen.
Then on Sunday, like there was nothing to do.
I just took it downtown to a bar and like
it's amazing how the word goes around the cups at some place and next thing you
know there's like 300 people in there I'm like holy shit we gotta get we
should get out of here then I had to bring it to the airport like that night
at 2 in the morning to bring it send it to Michigan in that big blue case.
At least you had the limo too.
No limo.
I should have had a limo there.
Did you enjoy the latter part of your career when you went back
and won another championship and you kind of maybe took on more
of that like veteran role?
Like, did you like that?
Was it fun kind of just getting the ease out of your career in
the IHL and not playing in the bigs,
and maybe as much pressure?
Um, with the Wolves, you mean?
Yes.
It was fun because it was an older team, and we were independent.
I think we had one kid who was under contract with NHL.
So maybe not as dealing as much politics,
like from the big league telling them what to do?
There weren't even NHL deals. It was just the Wolves were not all you got.
Yeah, we were an independent team,
and we had a good team.
They would pay good?
Yeah, they paid really good back, I mean, for,
I think it's the still same owner today, isn't it?
Yeah, he's a nice guy.
Yeah, and he's trying to spend it.
Yeah.
Who are they with now?
They're trying to get an NHL team.
Now, I think they're with Carolina.
Really?
They've always been bouncing around,
like even when I was playing playing and they won that title
that we were talking about when they played Wilkes-Barre,
I think they were like half affiliated
where they were with Atlanta,
but then also had a lot of guys they were paying just,
you know, four or 500 grand who were career AHLers,
but would put up 80, 90 points.
So I feel like they've been always good about,
like protecting the integrity of what like the owner wanted of that team, despite even having affiliation
with the NHL. And he liked to win and he would pay guys to, you know, come play
for him. And I think they're with Carolina now and I don't, from what I hear
they're, Carolina's kind of a little on the cheaper side. Oh yeah. He doesn't like
that. He's a nickel so tight the beaver will ship. And Donnie's the yeah. He doesn't like that. Because he's a nickel so tight, the beaver will ship. Yeah.
And Donnie's the opposite.
He'll pay to win.
I think in a time when the Hawks were going through
like the, when there was like seven people at the games,
they were getting way more people.
Oh, they were selling out.
Yeah, it was a great atmosphere to play in.
So during one of the lockouts and the strike,
I forget which one, the Wolves were the strike, I forget which one the wolves were
selling that their rink out like every single game. I heard, um, I heard a rumor. Well, it was a guy
on the team who said it, that the owner came in, but it got shut down by the league that, uh, before
like the, the final round that he offered them like a million bucks as a group, if they ended up
winning it. And I'd also heard that that he'd done that in prior championships with them.
So you never had that happen?
He didn't do that when I was there.
Maybe he would have remembered.
So he never bonused you guys out after the season,
considering you guys won?
No.
Okay.
He threw some good parties.
He didn't, he wasn't throwing around any.
Sent you limo.
Yeah.
The bonuses back then, like even the NHL,
you guys would have like the five, 10 game bonuses, right?
Like Keena did those.
The guys used to be like, Oh, the Russia ones.
Keena had to come in with the five, like, you have to go five game segments where you'd have like
goals against points.
Yeah, Tip did that.
Like, you could win like a thousand bucks every five games.
Yeah.
Like if you got all the, you know, a road two point.
He would have negotiated with the owner to pay out the players.
Yeah, they said, come out later on.
He was doing that in New York too.
Like those guys made a lot of cash,
like extra cash in New York.
All those segments.
I remember Adrian McCoy said,
like he didn't spend any of his money that year
because they were so good or whatever.
They had an unreal year that he just hit like all the bonuses.
Where was this?
I think Vancouver, right?
Yeah. He had them all like, I forget where they were.
Like you get two, four points for a road win, you know,
two points for a home win.
Is that even legal?
No, that's not legal.
Now they come in and they said, you can't do that.
That's K.H.L. style.
Those guys on the Rangers, like when I got there,
I bet they probably made almost 80 grand cash probably.
For the season of audio work they'd done.
For the road.
All the wins they had in first place.
And 80 grand back then for inflation is like probably like 250, 300 now.
And that could be, I mean, you get to have some fun in New York City making an extra 80 grand.
Like he would come in with cash and give everybody an envelope full of like a thousand bucks.
And that's, you know, 20 guys with cash in their pocket.
That's unbelievable.
It's great. Right.
It's a good like it's good to have that as a
cent.
It's set the visor. Yeah.
Like during the sea, you know, the dog days, the hall.
Yeah. Like you need me when your team is really good.
You're like, all right, fuck it. Let's bear it.
Got hammered on the card game on the way there.
Yes, dude. Make this money back. Did got hammered on the card game on the way there. Yeah, sure.
Make this money back.
Did you miss the game when you were done playing?
Like, were you somebody that was struggling with it right away?
Not really. I mean, I knew I,
It doesn't seem like much.
Yeah. You seem like the most laid back.
Well, I knew I, I mean, I don't know if sure if I could play anymore.
So it's not like,
Oh, you knew, you knew a game.
Like I, like I said, go probably going down with the wolves for two years,
you know, probably scratch that itch, sort of speak. Right. But after that, I was 38 or something. Time was up.
What about coaching? Like, you're coaching now kids, you of have to like, I almost went, Bruce Cassie is a really good friend of mine and he was coaching in
grand Rapids and, um, he wanted me to
be assisted.
So I drove there, talked to the GM and
he's like, yeah, go ahead.
No, I trust Butch and get what happened,
but he called me the next day.
He's like, no, something's up.
I can't, he couldn't do it.
Like he couldn't hire me or whatever.
So that's after that, I was just like, forget it. So he, he, you know, something's up. I can't, he couldn't do it. Like he couldn't hire me or whatever. So that's after that, I was just like, forget it.
So he, he, it's, it's interesting.
Like he, it seemed like in Washington, his first go round.
Yeah.
It was Washington, right?
Yeah.
That he's grown a lot.
Like I think at times there guys weren't a big fan, but then he comes back
unreal with bossy gets let go, gets his cup.
Do you think he kind of learned if you're good buddies with them?
Like, do you think he learned after that first go around in Washington, he had to
switch some things up because he had to wait a while after that.
Yeah, before he, um, before he went to Washington, he, he coached Indy before I
went to the wolves was my first year retired.
He was coaching.
He asked me if I wanted to come play in Indy, like be one of his veterans, you
know, you know, they pay me pretty good money.
I'm like, kind of not doing anything like, yeah,
I'll, I'll go play.
And, you know, I've known Butch for a long time
now, so he's quiet guy, right?
He's, he's funny as anything, but he's quiet.
And then we go to camp practice and then we go
on the bench and he's screaming.
At you?
Like, no, well, everybody.
Oh, me too.
Right. And I, like, I had to look around like, and then we get on the bench and he's screaming. At you? Like, no, well, everybody.
Oh, me too.
Right.
And I, like, I had to look around like, who are you?
Wow.
So he said he had to learn, like he can't yell so much.
And so he certainly learned, you know, they can't be crazy like that, especially
cause he's probably doing some of that Washington for my hair.
Yeah.
And you got Jagger on your team.
He's not, that's not gonna fly.
Yeah.
I mean, we kind of already went over this,
the fact that Keenan like loved you.
So you push back early on.
I didn't realize you also had him in St. Louis.
You had him in New York and then also in Vancouver.
So you had him four separate times.
I was in Vancouver.
I was in Vancouver first.
He was just dragging you everywhere.
Yeah, he loves you.
I was in Vancouver before he was okay, so then you
That's why he took the job
Then you sent the liminal grab him and then he came over
cross country trip get the more with the hot tub in the back
Say I need your brother to drive though
But how about how about this one you got to play with Brett Hall Al McKinness Dale Howarchuk
this one you got to play with Brett Hall, Al McKinnis, Dale Howarchuk, Chris Pronger, Wayne Gretzky all in one season that's fucking crazy. Adam Creighton was also on that team who
I think had a pretty long career. Adam Creighton? Started playing with the the Buffalo Sabres.
He had a pretty good career yeah I played with Buffalo. He played 708 games. Holy shit I don't
even know the name Adam Creighton. I knew all the guys, I feel like.
Yeah, he was a great, he was good.
So what was your experience in that locker room
full of these super stuff?
Like, Greta comes over, I think he got traded that year.
Shane Corison was there, Grant Fuhrer.
Holy fuck.
Jersey's the best.
Who else, I feel like Jeff Courtney was there.
Courtney was there as well, Jeff Courtney.
Did Holly ever yell at you for not passing the puck?
Ian LaPerry.
No, but he was a beauty.
What a beauty.
What a beauty.
No, but he was a beauty that Holly, he wouldn't, I don't know.
He's, he would say things that.
Like what?
Like what?
You know, like who's on his mind.
Everybody says stuff.
I want to be on.
Like Roger Nielsen one day we're remember Roger Nielsen.
Yes. Yeah. He loved it to game tape. Yeah. He was a video guy.
Loved it.
And we're in Anaheim where they had Korea, Solani,
their power play was like fucking whipping that puck around like,
and Holly was out there killing after a minute and a half,
he gets the puck instead of just dumping it down. He's, you know,
goes down, tries to score. Now we're back in our end again.
So he comes on the bench and Roger's like,
Brad, you might wanna just dump that puck in.
And he's like, Roger, I'm here to score goals.
That was it.
Like, he was dead serious.
When he was shorthanded too.
Right, I'm here to score goals.
That was Holley.
Would you do the crosswords with him?
Holley? I heard he was a wizard at the crosswords. No, I don't think I ever seen you do the crosswords with him? Holly?
I heard he was a wizard at the crosswords.
No, I don't think I ever seen him do a crossword.
What would you, what would your,
from my understanding he would do splits
in the middle of the rock room.
Guys would walk in, he'd get there real early
before anyone and he'd be having his coffee
doing the splits and doing a crossword.
Which I mean, that'd be quite the sight for Sol Rice.
I'd love to see it.
And McCain and Juan, they would have killed each other
if they lasted together.
They hated each other for some, I guess I can see that.
Were you trying to bridge the gap
considering you were the coach's pet?
Yeah, you were Keenan's, Brian Keenan.
Nope.
But he would go like, we had practice
and Keenan's always yelling, shoot the puck.
He didn't have to tell them, Holley just shoot, right?
Right.
But he wouldn't shoot because he knew Keenan wanted him to shoot. So puck. He didn't have to tell them how to shoot, right? But he wouldn't shoot,
because he knew Keenan wanted him to shoot.
So it'd be like doing four on four games,
and he'd get a break away,
he'd skate in the corner and curl up,
and look for someone to pass it.
Keenan's, shoot the puck.
And he'd be like, fuck you.
Right, that's pretty much.
Who was the one teammate that would have you
in stitches all the time?
Like you just like were,
like you just saw he's the funniest bastard.
Joe Murphy was the funniest.
You guys ever met Joe Murphy?
No.
He was a funny guy.
But he wasn't like a comedian funny
just the way he said things and how he said them.
And when he said them, it was like.
That's like Yance.
He just like the subtle one-liners.
Like he'd be on the bench and like,
all you hear would be like, shit.
Like what's the matter?
And he's like, Portland's losing.
But I'm like, oh yeah.
He's in the points.
I'm like, oh.
See it on the ticker.
Oh, because you'd have money on it, eh?
How would they, so you'd be calling a landline back then.
Were you watching The Gambler?
No, I wasn't gambling.
He was.
Then Keenan would go around the room ripping you,
like, you know, whatever. He's like, you're good, Brian. I ripping you, like you know, whatever.
He's like, you're good Brian, I love you Brian.
Yeah, he's like, see you tomorrow at dinner.
See you tonight at noon.
It was never like that.
I'll leave the door unlocked.
But he got to Joe Murphy.
I'll send the limo.
He got to Joe Murphy and he's like,
I can't believe I gave you fucking 10 million.
And Joe was like, I don't care, take it back.
And Keenan's like, I will take it back. and so then he goes on to the next guy the next
guy the next Joe Murphy goes hey I'm keeping the money
he thought he was really gonna take his money away
when he was walking out he's like hey
actually I was kidding yeah yeah I need that. Yeah, I already spent it. I already fucking lost on the Portland game.
Oh my God.
Portland didn't cover, I need it.
That is so.
I can't believe you didn't play in like
Magnitogors for Keenan.
He should have brought you over that noon.
To where?
He still does his landscaping.
In Russia.
In the summer.
He's twice stage.
He walks around the summer. In Russia. In the summer. He's twice stage. He walks around the dog.
He.
He.
He.
He.
Keenan wouldn't let him move back to Boston.
That is crazy that you guys were just,
you guys were attached at the hip.
They're like, Mike, what do you need?
He's like, noonin'.
I need noonin'.
What's the missing piece?
Mass, what's the missing piece?
We gotta get Nuna back.
Okay, so you played with even more beauties.
You're last year in the NHL.
The Phoenix Coyotes.
I played for the, hey, we're alumni, buddy.
Harry Knuckles.
You guys must have stunk then, right?
Jeremy Ronick, Keith Kachuk, Rick Tauket,
Tipo, Tipo, Tipo Numenon?
Yeah. T-E-P-P-O. Tipo Numenon. Aaronic Keith Kachuk Rick talk at TPO tempo tempo numinon
hobby boom tempo tempo numinon
TEPP oh Teppo Oh Teppo Teppo Teppo sorry. I'm not good with the names. What are those? What of?
Nikolai has been boozing like you guys had hell of a roster
You guys had a hell of a what was that? Yeah, we traded for
Keenan.
Keenan.
The only thing we were missing was Keenan.
What was the guy's name?
Rykel, Robert Rykel.
Oh yeah.
Oh no shit.
Was that when you were good and it was the white out there?
I remember a couple years.
We lost.
Made the playoffs.
I signed with them from Ind India, half pretty much the last
two months. They had injuries and
then we're playing St.
Louis and the playoffs were up
three to one and we lost.
Oh, and that was the St.
Louis team you'd been on what the
year before?
Two, three years before.
At an overtime at home, we lost.
Might have been double overtime.
Who scored, you remember?
Yeah, Pierre Turgeon
Turge I skate with him. He's still fucking nasty. Yeah, he's a
Specimen a soaky reach unbelievable. Well, I meant like he's like he's a good shape
Yeah better shape than I was when I was playing. Yeah
Tortorello was your assistant that year
Yeah, did you see that? He would end up being like a head coach was he yeah, he was an assistant there Yeah, I didn't interact with him too much. But. Did you see that he would end up being like a head coach?
Was he? Yeah, he was an assistant there.
Yeah, I didn't interact with him too much, but yeah, you could see he was a.
I only talked to one coach.
Yeah.
Was Mike Keenan.
Yeah.
I was, I wasn't even playing.
You told me you're a good guy.
So I was just hanging out, but yeah, you could tell he was, he had a big role from what,
you know, we did a lot of the penalty killing.
Him and Sully, Mike Sullivan were real close.
Well he was there too.
Sully was there, yeah.
Would you watch hockey all the time when you were playing?
Were you a bit of a hockey nerd?
When I was in Vancouver it was,
because the games were like three, four hours earlier,
so I'd just get to the rink and watch hockey.
Watch games, watch the East Coast games.
Yeah.
What do you think of the state of the game now?
Well, they're obviously a lot more skilled than I was anyway.
I want to say, yeah, it's about.
Well, Whit was pretty skilled too, fifth overall.
Yeah, sure.
It's a different game.
I mean, it's a lot faster obviously.
Like I went to a Hawks game the other couple of weeks ago and a lot of wrap
arounds, like a lot of around the boards, like chips,
chipping it in, chipping it to the middle. But everything starts with just
flying around the pocket around the boards. Yeah. Breaking it out on it.
Like, you know, they're chipping it to for a one time or the guy coming in.
It's like, I was amazed how much board play there is.
But he's always an offensive guy behind the net.
If you don't have a play, you're fired around the
boards, keep possession of it.
Like we never taught, we're taught that our guys taught that.
Rim was like the last option, right?
Back then.
Yeah.
Right.
Like bring it back or shoot it, but it's certainly a different game.
It's better.
I mean, guys are more skilled and faster, stronger.
Maybe not smarter, I don't think, all the time.
Like hockey sense-wise.
You notice that with the kids you coach too?
Like, oh shit, like what are you doing there?
Yeah, they all just wanted one-timers or, you know,
curl and drag and kids miss the net constantly.
Like, it's amazing how young kids cannot hit the net
because they all want to shoot high, right?
Score a bar down and they're.
You sound like you're disgusted with the kids.
They just want to go to Chip or after.
They honestly just want to go to dinner with Keenan.
I feel like too, like nowadays, like the kids just watch
like, you know, Instagram, TikTok, like we, when we grew up,
you sit down and watch the game with your dad and your brother, whatever,
and you're talking about it. Now it's just like 10 second clips and you're not
really ingesting the whole game.
Yeah, they certainly don't want you. I'll ask them if they watch and they'll say,
no, like we'll, I'll show them video. I'll do video with these kids.
And like, I'll be looking at the iPad and I'll look up in their legs,
eating their boogers.
I'll be looking at the iPad and I'll look up and they're like,
eating their boogers.
They just did rather be on TikTok or do whatever or watching cellies.
Cellies, they're into the cellies. Yeah, that's they want to celebrate more than.
You got to score first.
Right. Exactly.
Yeah, like why not go hug your teammate?
Why do you got to skate away in celly?
Yeah, a lot of shoulder shrug and two kids now it's like they want, you know, nothing's ever their fault.
Like nobody ever comes to the bench.
Ah, that was my fault.
Right. I messed up.
It's always like, well, he gave me a bad pass.
Yeah. Yeah.
We appreciate it.
Yeah. Thanks for stopping by, man.
Thank you very much.
No, thanks for having me.
Appreciate it.
And congrats on everything.
Thanks.
Good luck with the squad.
We need it.
Thank you so much to Brian Noonan.
Thank you so much to Mike Keenan.
Thank you so much to you two for joining me
in an amazing show, 544 Down.
And guys, we got some special news.
Next week, we will have two episodes brought to you.
The first one will drop around noon, one o'clock on Tuesday, our usual drop day.
We'll be able to go over what's happened in the Four Nations,
be able to set up the championship game,
and then we're going to drop a special episode on Friday, same thing,
right around noon where we cover and go over the championship game.
So two episodes next week, we can set up the final
while going over the round robin portion of the tournament, and then we'll go over the final game and how it all shook out when USA and how
they got the win. And also, Game Notes will have the pregame show on Thursday. So they're going to
drop Thursday next week at noon Eastern, live from Boston before our event, before the championship
game. So Armie and Murlz can get you up to date with what's going on, and then you'll hear from us the next day recapping the championship game. It's going to be a special weekend hockey,
and I can't wait to see you boys in Montreal. So, thank you so much to everyone listening.
Do you guys have any final words? Going back in the slopes. Yep.
I'm through with standing in line. The clubs will never get in. And with that, we're done. It's like the
bottom of the ninth and you're never going to win. This life just hasn't turned out quite the way I want it to be.
That was too long.
I don't think that was the line.
What an ending, boys.
Love you guys.
Have a great week, everyone.
Peace.
See you, boys. I don't know any other way, even if I could go away
I don't know any other way, this feeling is so hard to wear
I don't know any other way, even if I could go away
I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to break
I'll get you some love
