Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spit and Chicklets.
Hello folks.
This is Ryan Whitney, an American.
And we are coming to you with episode 546 of the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
And it's a sad day. It's a bad day
for us Americans. But before the game, there was energy, there was excitement, there was
enthusiasm and there was Pink Whitney. We got a shout out the greatest bar, one of the
all time pregame party meet and greets we've ever been associated with. The Pink Whitney
was flowing, chucking Pink Whitney merch everywhere.
The shots were being drilled one after one after one and now I believe the Pink Whitney will be
flowing in Canada just a little bit extra. Once again, in best on best, the 2002 Olympics,
the 2010 Olympics, the 2014 Olympics, the 2016 World Cup in the
2025 four nations face off
Canada wins biz
Congratulations, I'm sick to my stomach. I don't want to be here right now I can't stand you my DMs are loaded with people calling me pussy and bitch
And I'm really
Really sad really sad, but I got to give you're a fuck, and I'm really, really sad. Really sad.
But I got to give you credit, Biz.
You called it.
So take your victory lap and shove us in a locker one time.
You know what, I'm going to take the high road here
and instead of gloating all over you guys.
No, I'm going to.
Because I just want to say that this was so big for Canada.
I don't think people realize how big this was for Canada.
We needed a W. Trump dropped the 50 first date, ha ha ha ha, the Americans had to
laugh, our little brother, we're gonna own you, we're gonna gobble you up. All of a
sudden the threats of the tariffs, oh my god, our economy dips a little bit, people
are freaking out, but one thing we still have folks is hockey. We are the greatest hockey nation on the planet.
That will remain and boy oh boy did this tournament
set the table for next year's Olympics.
The league should applaud themselves.
This is one of the greatest things to happen in hockey
in a very, very long time.
This might have started out as an idea that was,
oh okay, instead of all-star
We're just gonna do this for nations and you know, it's kind of a little gimmicky
I guess nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, maybe that's how it all started
but what it transformed into was something much bigger and
On top of that we got to give a lot of credit to the United States in their hand and bring it to what it was
like in their hand and bringing it to what it was. Like, think about this, man.
Like the Kachuk brothers, like people in the states
now know the talent that the Americans have
on the hockey side and how they're coming up
as a powerful hockey nation.
This is a big moment in USA hockey history.
I genuinely think if they would have pulled off
that victory, boys, it would have been the third, fourth,
at least, let's say worst case scenario,
fifth largest event to propel hockey
in the United States of America.
So hey, applaud yourselves.
You guys got some fucking dogs on your side
and I cannot wait for Italy.
It is going to be an absolute shit show over there.
And last thing I'll say before I hand it back over
to you guys is I am so fucking proud of the boys
for pulling that off.
That was big.
To hear Trump called in, I would pay maybe 500 grand
to hear what he had to say to the Americans.
You know that he was chirping Trudeau.
You know he was, you know that he was talking about him being the governor
of the 51st state. You know he was throwing those petty shots.
The orange man can't hold back from doing it. And he calls to rev them up and we go
into your building and we bend you guys over, no spit, no lube, sandpaper, finish. And to
have McJesus cap it all off, the torch has been passed, nobody could question anymore,
can McDavid win the big one?
He did win the big one.
I'm so proud of those fucking guys.
Cooper, the whole staff, way to go.
Way to go, boys.
Captain Crosby, take it away, guys.
What do you guys have to say?
Well, first off, tip of the cap to Canada.
Thank you.
Tip of the cap to Canada.
Thank you.
Jordan Bennington.
Oh, Benner.
I said it to my, well, actually, you know what?
I'm going to go back a little bit.
I want to thank all the players that participated in this.
What an amazing, amazing week of hockey.
First time probably since maybe I was a little kid,
I'm thinking maybe Patriots days,
the dynasty days where I was a true fan.
I really, really felt how most of our listeners
feel about their team.
Because when you played in the NHL,
after you're done retiring,
you played on a couple teams,
you root for guys that you played with,L after you're done retiring, you played on a couple teams, you root for, you know,
guys that you played with, guys that you're friends with,
and, you know, teams that you played for,
but you don't really have that, like, that one team.
And I had that for these last two weeks or whatever it was.
And I fell more in love with the game than I ever have.
I was sitting on the edge of my seat every single game,
the United States of America
Coming in hot coming into Canada beaten Canada beautiful beautiful stuff that could Chuck Brothers all the Boston kids on that team
Just an amazing amazing couple or what 10 days 12 days of hockey
Could couldn't be more happy to be a part of it
12 days of hockey. Couldn't be more happy to be a part of it from the outside looking in and being able to talk about it like this with you guys.
But I really truly enjoyed every single minute of this hockey that was being
played. It was amazing. The guys didn't have to be there.
It's not an Olympic thing where you have to go to this.
But the guys went out there and they put on
an absolute clinic.
Every team, especially Canadians in the US,
but put on a clinic for our sport and our fans
and couldn't be more proud to be a part of,
you know, once being a part of the NHL
and what those guys did.
I really, really loved this tournament
and loved the best on best and can't wait for more. And congrats to you, Biz. You guys still
are reigning champs. I'll tell you one thing for free. We are coming in Italy.
We are absolutely coming. And it's going to be bad news. Bad news. And I don't know why
you're bringing all the politics into this. Just let it be hockey, all right, Bez?
Just let it be hockey.
Oh, like for me, like I told the PMT guys,
like I thought it was the perfect amount of political spice.
Like I'm not like genuinely bitter.
I thought it was like, yo, hey, the 51st state chirp,
like hey, Trump could chirp,
and I hope he could fucking take him back.
I chirped him about his speech on Twitter last night
and I'll throw it back over to you.
Who thought that the finals was gonna be able to live up
to the hype of the game on Saturday and it delivered?
Like this, from front to back,
the fact that first game against Sweden,
you have the first goal, Crosby to McKinnon,
the fact that McKinnon ends up winning MVP, torch pass,
the fact that McJesus ends up getting the winner,
like just all of it, the fact, like over time,
much like the Olympics when Crosby had the fucking
golden goal, like this is, it feels like it was
fucking scripted.
Every goddamn time Canada gets it done.
And I'm sick and friggin' tired of it.
But sometimes, as Keith said, you gotta tip your cap
and say you are the guys.
And every single time.
Now I sat down for the game, I got tickets for my dad,
my wife and Ryder.
He's got my USA jersey on, he's so fired up, he's excited.
I told him he was going to the game, he can't wait.
I'm like, this is so cool.
And then I'm thinking, and I'm being reminded on Twitter, in 2010 in Vancouver, you won that round robin game with, and then when the, when the, when the gold medal game came,
and it was overtime and everything was on the line, you lost. And I'm sitting there thinking, I know.
And I believe that's why I mentioned,
I kind of hope that we almost lose in overtime
the first game that we played against Canada.
It's so difficult to beat a team that good twice.
But it's all right, because Ryder's coming
and he's all ready to go.
And we're sitting there and we're watching the game,
and overtime starts, and he says,
Dad, I'm so nervous, my stomach, my stomach feels so nervous.
I said, I know, buddy, but this is the greatest sport in the world.
There's nothing like overtime in a big hockey game.
I go, you just stick with it.
You can be nervous when it's in our zone.
Don't be nervous when it's in their zone. Be excited. And then the whistle blew on the icing. I had no issue with the icing.
I was actually sitting right there. I thought Point got there first. That was an icing.
Yes, he did.
He outraced Jack Hughes, who we'll get into some players in a little bit. And then Ryder
leans over to me and he says, Dad, oh no I said what son he said Mcdavid's on the ice
Said it's okay. I said it's okay, buddy
Next thing you know
And I look over this poor seven-year-old
46 no 46 pounds he weighs
Just balled no
46 pounds he weighs. Just ballin'.
And you Canadians, I know you're laughing at this, you made my son cry.
You made my son cry at midnight.
I said, buddy, it's all right.
You can cry for this one.
Because he's cried at other games.
I said, stop crying.
If you lose an enormous championship game, that's everything in the world to you, you
can cry.
I said, this counts, buddy.
And I was whispering in his ear, the Olympics are in 355 days buddy we got Italy in 355
days he said I don't care about the Olympics I told you McTaven was gonna score I told
you and you know what before the game I was talking to a bunch of Canadians I met a couple
guys I gotta shout these guys out.
These animals, I had a bad feeling when I met these guys.
These Canadian animals, they all had jerseys on,
they all had hats on, they were crushed.
They got to the greatest bar at two o'clock.
The game was at 8.15.
They said, when can we get a picture?
Can we get some pink Whitney?
I said, yeah, he goes, where from Winnipeg?
No, I said, where you guys from?
We're from Winnipeg. I said, oh, that's awesome
Love you guys flying. He goes our flights got canceled. We drove
There was this Jarvis's buddies Jarvis's buddies. No shit 33 hours. We drove we weren't missing this game
I said Jesus that's a bad omen for us because you knucklehead Canadians driving through Western Canada
Cause you knucklehead Canadians driving through Western Canada, Toronto, Detroit, whatever fucking route you took to get to Boston in time to see your buddy.
This is bad news.
But I told these guys, I said, listen, we have the best goalie in the world.
Your goalie while being clutch, he's given up a bad goal every game.
Against Finland, you could maybe say two of the goals were bad.
I said, I really think the only chance we have to win
is if Hellebuck stands on his head
and Bennington sucks in a couple softies.
And fucking Jordan Bennington, boys,
this guy is as clutch as it gets.
How about this stat?
Benner, we'll call him Benner,
because he's a sick puppy.
Here he is.
We interviewed him, Keith, years back.
He's a sick puppy. He's as confident We interviewed him, Keith, years back. He's a sick puppy.
He's as confident as you would ever want your goalie to be.
He doesn't give a shit about the naysayers and the haters.
He's played in three winner-take-all games.
He made 20.
I texted him.
I texted him on Tuesday.
I said, you're going full snowman mode Thursday.
Well, I would hope that mean let's in eight goals,
but you kept saying snowman. What does that mean?
No, that's his nickname. That's his nickname. You don't know. You don't know you don't know
Okay, well, we'll move on from that one
29 of 29 of 30 saves in the
2019 second round game 7 against Dallas where Patty Maroon buried the double overtime winner
32 of 33 saves in the
2019 Stanley Cup final game seven against Boston.
Where was that game, boys?
That was at the...
That was at the...
That was at the Fleet Center.
That was at the Garden.
That was at TD North,
whatever the hell the name of it now is.
And then he makes 31 of 33 saves
in the Four Nations faceoff final.
And those saves in overtime. Those saves on Austin Matthews, two of them,
and then Brady Kachuk in the glove,
and I leaned over to my dad, and I said,
Dad, and I whispered, I want Ryder to hear,
I said, Dad, you know how this goes,
you get a bunch of chances in OT and you don't score,
the other team always gets it done.
And I, you know, like, I'm very, very, very proud
to be an American, and right now I can admit,
yeah, Canada, they are the top dogs.
Nothing has changed.
And I keep saying, we're coming, we're coming, we're coming,
but I just was yelling before overtime,
yelling to the whole section.
I said, one time, one time can we beat you?
I had a woman next to me, she said,
you know what she said, she to me, she sat down,
you know what she said, she stopped me in the hall
about an hour before the park drops,
she says, wait, can I get a picture?
I love checkouts, where's Biz?
I said, fuck Biz.
I took a picture with her.
And then she sits down, randomly, an hour later,
she comes down the aisle, she's sitting right next to me,
she goes, oh my God, I was like, oh Jesus.
She was so friendly, she said,
I thought you were the biggest asshole,
but you're a really nice guy.
And I looked at her right before overtime,
I said, one time, woman, one time.
And she said, it ain't gonna happen.
She said, it ain't gonna happen.
We win the big ones.
And then she looked over and she said,
I told you we win the big ones.
And I had nothing.
Oh no.
I would have fucking left.
And I had nothing.
And I've been rambling on and on here and it's like.
No, it's okay.
We're your daddy.
It's okay.
I know.
I was walking out of the garden just muttering to myself, I fucking hate my job.
My job's going to suck tomorrow.
This stinks.
I'm checking DMs like an absolute lunatic, getting ripped on left and right.
I wanted to drive my car off the highway, but I had my wife and my dad and my son in
the car. And the scary thing is, Keith, as we're coming and as we're right there, we
are right there, but in the biggest moments we cannot get it done. But we are right there.
But it's like they have McDavid, they have McKinnon, next year they'll still have Crosby.
Like we don't have that. We don't like the what I've said is we're there, but the upper upper
echelon talent like it is a little different. And they have this kid Gavin McKenna coming and
Celebrini will be on the Olympic team and like
We have kids coming too But there's just something about the talent and then something about the end that the part of you inside
It's like I think we're looking for is the guts. We have the guts. Fuck you. We have
I was just saying that we might have more
We got more we got the clutch We got the clutch. We just talked
about this kid. He didn't have the guts. He couldn't take the
nerves, right? It's almost like an inherent thing in the United
States when it comes to hockey. You just can't. You're born
with it. It's the overtime. And there's something very poetic
about me taking the high road and yet this turning into like a
Team USA slash wit venting session. This is turning into
therapy. This couldn turning into therapy.
This couldn't have worked out any better
for the Canadian listeners right now.
We're their daddy.
They were talking shit all week long.
They tried to come into our building, start fights,
rip on our country and take our sword
and it ain't fucking happened.
Well we didn't try to, we did it.
It just was the game that you don't want to do it in.
Yeah, good news is this trophy doesn't mean too much.
What's up guys?
Witt here.
And before we go any further,
I need to talk to you about Orgain.
As an athlete or a former athlete, it does not matter.
I care about what I put in my body,
especially when it comes to protein.
This podcast is sponsored by Orgain,
and Orgain believes real nutrition has the power
to make a real difference in people's
lives. Organe's new 30 gram complete protein shakes offer protein packed real nutrition
designed to satisfy your cravings without any added sugar. Plus they're an excellent source of
premium ultra filtered protein with all nine essential amino acids. That's right, the amino
acids are big time and they got nine essential ones in there That's right, the amino acids are big time
and they got nine essential ones in there.
Looking to fuel your personal best?
Need muscle support and recovery?
Or are you just looking to maintain a healthy lifestyle?
Orgain's 30 gram protein shakes, check all of the boxes.
Are you busy?
Us too, I'm busy as well.
Kids running around and that's why Orgain is simple.
You literally just grab one of Orgain's protein shakes and you go. Bring it to a
workout, in the car, whatever you need. No more time-consuming prep and no more
big blenders to get the protein you need. Organe tastes great. I love the vanilla.
I love the chocolate. It's perfect. It's easy and remember there are no quick
fixes when it comes to your health. If you want more protein give Orgain 30 gram protein shakes a try.
Head on over to orgain.com slash chicklets and use code CHICKLETS for 30
off your order. That's orgain.com slash chicklets. That's the best offer
you'll find but you have to use our code CHICKL 30 off one last time for 30 off head to orgain.com
Chicklets and use my code chicklets
How do you leave McJesus that open in the slot
How why did Matthews go to the corner and Matthews?
What if I'm a Leafsman?
Marner and Matthews both in the biggest game showed up Mitchie came through Mitchie came through and Matthews both in the biggest game showed up. Mitchie came through. Mitchie came through and Matthews was all horse.
Horse.
Hey, and just going back to what you just said,
like Matthews, what a showing.
There's some guys who really stepped up for Team USA.
And he not only had those two assists in the game,
but in overtime, he was all over the place,
gets robbed at the other end.
And I don't know. I don't know I don't
know if he was feeling good about getting those opportunities and maybe cheated it a little bit
but you can't leave McJesus that wide open and it was just a great play to stay aggressive.
Off that face off they won it goes around Kale McCarr zips it and and Marner he gets it takes
that one step to open up that lane to slide it over and make Jesus makes no mistake. So
Incredible incredible showing and if we want to go back to the start of the game
Obviously some devastating news for the states coming in as well as Canada
But Charlie McAvoy who had an incredible game one against Canada who was fucking hammering?
McDavid ends up getting what a shoulder virus.
He had to get admitted to the hospital. I don't think we've heard the full story.
Although the Boston Bruins released a statement on Elliot Friedman reported
there was rumblings that boss.
It was not happy the way that the United States treated the injury or initially
in order to allow it to get to the place that it got to.
So now it sounds like he's going to miss a little bit of time coming
back from the regular season.
But that was a tough loss.
You can't replace a guy like that, especially his physicality.
And I thought ultimately that really hurt him.
So US without Quinn Hughes, without Charlie McEvoy, obviously on the Canadian side, we
ended up losing Morrissey right before puck drop.
A huge loss on the back end for us.
I thought Harley and Sandheim stepped up
and had great tournaments in Canada.
Harley was awesome.
Harley was great, especially getting the call
and having to come in part the way through.
So just a tip of the cap, but some tough losses
that I'm sure guys that we're gonna see in the lineup
hopefully come time in Italy where both these rosters
will be even a little bit better.
I would imagine Tage Thompson gets added to the roster.
You kind of mentioned some Americans that you weren't happy with.
I honestly can't say that there's one Canadian that I wouldn't say would be
invited back, at least from my perspective.
I know Connect didn't get much of an opportunity.
I thought Jarvis was okay, but I ultimately think
that the big dogs for Canada were the big dogs,
and that was the difference maker.
To having McCarr, to not having him game one,
it's night and day.
And it scares me a little bit
because he is easily Canada's most dynamic defenseman,
but I do believe if Petrangelo and Theodore are healthy along with Morse,
we become a lot more competent compared to what the American side was and I'm sure you guys will
touch on Jake Sanderson coming in and have an unreal tournament too and he looks like he can
make that next step as well. Yeah I think in the back end I honestly think that the Americans
have the better back end.
But it's also when you have a guy like Kale McCarr, you do not need four guys that can jump up in the play
and that can create some offense like he does.
I think he's just a one man show
and he can play the full two minutes on the power play.
He can kill penalties.
He really is an amazing, amazing player
and just so fun to watch,
but the American back end is a scary good.
I think one or two changes for the Olympics
and they're going to be scary.
One of them being Quinn Hughes, hopefully.
So I would imagine you guys would say swap out
Quinn Hughes for Adam Fox,
probably the way that the tournament went
I thought he was probably the the least valuable defenseman for the I don't know if he's battling an injury and I
Feel like he might have hurt his knee earlier this year. Yeah, but it was like you're watching the game
it's like whoa, like there's something sticking out to everyone here and
He was going to Marner in the corner
on the game winning goal and then kind of Matthews came over.
I don't know if Matthews didn't know
if Fox was kind of already going at Marner
and Matthews left McDavid alone.
But the crazy part about McDavid scoring,
I'll get into the USD in a sec,
was McDavid actually had nothing all night.
It was like he was kind of fumbling pucks.
The pucks bouncing on him a little bit.
Like one chance, one time it looked like he might have like a little breakaway,
kind of fell off his stick or like a half breakaway.
And I was like, oh, my God, like we're controlling McDavid somehow
because it seems like he's getting bad bounces, bad breaks here and there.
And I believe he said after I didn't do anything in the game.
But what do the greats do?
That's what the best do.
They still somehow end up getting it done.
It's like how many times I bet you
has Crosby had games that were so-so
and then gets a game winner late in the third
or in overtime.
It's just, it's one of those things where those talent,
that talent, it just shines through at the end
every single time.
Think back to the Lemieux letting it go through his legs
in the O2 final. You think back to the Lemieux letting it go through his legs in the 0-2 final
you think back to the game that Crosby played in 2010 and just
Over and over and over the biggest players step up for Canada and our guys stepped up
But we had our greatest player with chances in OT and he got robbed
Usually Matthews on that shot on the ice usually buries that thing five hole. That's like 25 of his goals every year,
is that quick snapper on the ice five hole.
And it was just about three inches too far to the left
and it hit Spinner's pad.
And then the other one, he actually did a great job
to pass from Gensel through the legs.
He got it up, like it wasn't the pad that saved it,
it was actually Binnington's shoulder.
Like he did his job of getting it up over the pad,
but that was our guy. We had our shoulder like he did his job of getting it up over the pad, but that was our guy
We had our guy he had his chances and Canada had their guy get one chance and boom and that's the difference
But on the team mr. Whitney, let me interrupt you. I'm here
It's team Sweden only team that didn't lose in regulation the whole tournament by the way, but if you remember back in 2010
Sydney Crosby had a horrible tournament.
Everybody was calling for his head.
Why is he on the team?
Why is he on the team?
I said, don't worry about it.
Why is he on the team?
Nobody said why is he on the team.
Yes, they did.
Go back and look at it.
No, they didn't, Murr.
No, they didn't, Murr.
Look, I have one tweet that said that Crosby
shouldn't have been on the team.
Nobody said why is Crosby six years into his career.
They won the cup the year before.
Yeah, but he had no points.
He was doing nothing.
And I told the guy, Stacy Roost, we're in Switzerland.
These are Roost now, by the way, is an NHL GM's assistant GM.
I said, I go, his impact is not on the ice.
It's more of an impact off the ice.
Don't worry about said, boom, he got the game winning goal.
Fast forward 2025.
I'm in South Boston. I see Sid I see the impact off the ice
There was no doubt Canada was winning last night Sydney Crosby
Running sports. I'm sorry for your US teams that lost Ryan and Keith, but
What are you talking about? You're American. We didn't lose a regulation guys. He's a Swede now. He already told me.
He had a classic line this week.
Alright, then fucking move back then.
He had a classic line this week, Keith.
He said, I'm gonna somehow make my son Ted nasty at hockey.
He's gonna be unbelievable.
And then the United States National Development team is gonna call
and the World Junior team is gonna call
and I'm gonna say it's payback bitches
because you fucked me over my whole life
and my son is playing for the Swedish national team.
So Murls is officially a Swede.
That's correct.
I thought he ate too much protein
that he became a Canadian.
That's what I thought happened last week in Montreal.
I apologize to the listeners for my voice.
You sound great.
The last week I was protecting my voice at all costs.
Like, like everything, throat lozenges, everything.
I don't get to call up the chicklets.
So yesterday I do all my ad reads with memes.
I'm like memes, am I done?
Cause I'm going to this meet and greet.
It's going to be so loud.
I want to talk to everybody, but I know I'll lose my voice.
Like I'm done, right?
We're all set. Nope. Yeah, we're done. So I go to the meet and greet. I want to talk to everybody, but I know I'll lose my voice. Like I'm done, right? We're all set.
Nope.
Yeah, we're done.
So I go to the meet and greet.
I go back down with your wife's even like, why are you going back down there?
Are you crazy?
I'm like, yeah, I gotta go down and meet the fans.
I got to talk to everybody completely lose my voice yelling and screaming at that game.
Uh, maybe it might've been going into overtime.
Jeez.
Like you're on the pod tomorrow. I'm like
Well, my voice is already gone guys. So I don't know what you expect from me when I get there
but my voice will be gone but
Another chick that's decathlon for me only part of the crew that did every game
Congratulations more. Thank you. Thank you way to step up way to step up and bringing it back to you
The guy who stole your number with the Colorado Avalanche, I
think that it's really start time to having the conversation of Nathan McKinnon being
the best player on the planet.
Gets the MVP of best on best guys.
It doesn't matter who he's playing against.
MVP last year, probably MVP this year.
He is the dog.
That shot, nothing hell but could do. There
was about three bodies in the way, but just the fact that he fired it like high, knowing
if this thing gets through, it's in the dog.
Smart shot, smart shot. That's what all these D are doing now. McCarr use just the smart
shot, Wierensky get it through your smart, smart shot. I mentioned on when I posted one of those videos to Twitter, I was celebrating
obviously every goal, but that's kind of the way that Colorado beat Winnipeg
where they were throwing a lot to the net with bodies, like a lot of roll ups,
like the way that Harley kind of just attacked through the middle and then
McKinnon rolled up, you get the screens and you just got to zip them through.
You just got to find the lane.
That was one thing that they didn't do against the Americans in the first game.
I actually wanted, wanted them to keep doing it more and more throughout
the championship game, but, uh, we're getting a little bit blocked, but overall
man, just the, an incredible performance from McKinnon he's, uh, he's the guy
right now, boys, he's the best player on the planet.
If I had to pick one guy, he's my guy.
Hey, Bez, how do you feel?
You just brought him up.
Harley, how do you feel about one of your most impactful D
being born in the US and playing his whole hockey career
in the US with Harley?
I don't really like, I don't know.
I don't know why he has Canadian citizenship,
but happy to have him on board.
I didn't even know that, man.
Where's he from? Happy to have him on board. Where is he from?
Syracuse Stars.
Grew up playing and he lived in Syracuse.
Born in Syracuse, New York.
Syracuse Star.
That could have been an example.
Did like the US pass him over for something and he said, fuck you guys?
Because that's crazy.
I know you say hockey does not like Syracuse Stars.
We know that for a fact.
Guys, we're here and I want to talk to you about Dove. Finally, there is a scrub design for men's
needs. No longer does your wife have all the soap in the shower and you got to maybe smell like a
woman, not that there's anything wrong with that. There's now Dove. And add in to your repertoire,
to your shower, the new Dove Men Plus Care Body and Face Scrubs to your shower routines.
You use it in the shower, the bath, or at the sink right before you go to bed, and right when you wake up,
you apply to wet skin, rinse, clean, and then follow with your favorite DoveMen Plus Care Body Wash or Cleansing Bar.
Scrub transforms how you and your skin feel.
You will see a glow that you have never seen before
after using DoveMen Plus Body Care.
It's made for your face, it's made for your body,
it's made for your scalp, it's made for everywhere.
You need DoveMen Plus Body Care and face scrubs.
And if you wanna try, find it at any Walmart today.
Get on down there, go to Walmart,
ask the person that works there, say,
send me to the aisle where I can get some Dove Men Plus body care and face scrubs,
and they'll point you in the right direction. And then you're off looking better, feeling
better, and actually smelling, smelling to perfection. I'll say that. That's what Dove
does. Keith Yandle will not go to anyone's house who doesn't use Dove. He made that
clear. It's all about Dove.
It's all about Dove men plus body care and face scrubs.
Go right now to Walmart to get yours today.
Do you guys wanna talk about the fact going into it
that Hagel kinda chirped Kachuk
about making all that stuff public?
I actually think like the Kachuks doing all that shit
just created more noise around the
tournament.
It just made everything that they did just drew more attention.
Necessarily not the Canadian way.
I think Canadians and their team like to go about business in a different manner.
Keep a little bit more quiet.
You haven't won a Stanley Cup since 93.
What are you talking about?
Buddy.
Okay.
Do this for me.
Go calculate the percentage of amount of Canadians on every Stanley Cup winning team in the midst of that run.
And I bet you they have more of a percentage
than any nationality on the majority of those teams.
So that argument is kind of a bit of a wash in my opinion.
I'm curious because I know Hegel came out
and it actually was awesome how it worked out
that there was two days between the final
from Monday's two games to Thursday,
because you had this like WWE effect
that Quinn Hughes was coming.
Maybe the most electric couple hours
I've ever seen on Twitter, like Quinn,
Mike Sullivan gets up, Quinn Hughes is coming,
it's like holy shit, holy shit,
and then you get into the rules of this tournament,
which I think they didn't really know
what was gonna happen, but like the rules of this tournament, which I think they they didn't really know what was gonna happen
But like the rules and the roster rules ended up kind of being like such a clusterfuck
For example Harley comes to the tournament and then he's standing in the locker room looking out on the ice
Until McCarr gets off the ice then he hops on he ends up playing that night against the US
So it's kind of madness that Hughes was gonna come but then he can't play unless another D goes down
Which I thought was bullshit considering Hughes was gonna come, but then he can't play unless another D goes down, which I thought was bullshit,
considering Hughes was on the original roster.
It almost should've changed if you were originally named,
but whatever, I mean, you can't hit everything
out of the park, and the NHL hit 99
out of the park with this.
But Hagel comes out in those two days off,
and he mentions, I didn't do this for the cameras.
I did that for the flag,
talking about his fight with Kachuk.
Now, after the championship game,
Marshawn said, hey, that's what happens
when you run your mouth.
Sometimes it bites you in the ass,
talking about the Kachuk brothers.
What did the Kachuk brothers say or do
that was so, as you just said,
is not the Canadian way?
They didn't fight off the opening draw for cameras.
They didn't do that.
No, I think that the fact that they brought it up
and talked about the text thread after it
was what probably ignited them a little bit.
Keep in mind, I'm coming from a straight up viewer standpoint.
Like, I loved it.
Like, I thought it draws so much more attention.
It just added more spice and drama to the whole mix. And I also love the fact that Hagel chirped him before the game.
Like this is exactly what I want. You know?
Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not.
And he dropped an incredible hammer at after the game.
After the game.
With the team group chat.
He has the team group chat and renamed it champion. So just all time pettiness coming
from both sides. And I absolutely love it and
Marsha Kachuk, they have a bit of a rivalry too, man. This is just a precursor to the Olympics guys
This is this is as good as it gets right? I think that a lot of casual sports fans found out who Jack Eichel was this fucking week
Same with maybe not so much more awesome Matthews. I guess he's more maybe of a whole household name
Would you say but just an incredible tournament and I couldn't be happier for the league more
Yeah, the number one guy that broke out to me was we we go by one name now. He's like Madonna
Slaven this guy there was not a single person in our box who could say his first name
But he was the best player on the ice last night shutting down every night.
He did 170 foot diagonal backhand pass on the tape.
Like he's incredible. That guy. Oh my,
I would trade everybody I own on my team to get a D man like him.
He is a true shut down defenseman.
That cross ice pass. Cause it's a little thing,
my buddy was over who's not a huge hockey fan
and I rewounded it to show him that pass.
Just cause of like the whole situation of the game,
the, you know, just making that backhand cross-ice pass is
it takes balls and it just takes trust in yourself.
And he's got, he is just a human eraser back there like the
This the stick plays that he make the block that he had on Jarvis the you know when he laid down there
He took away from Crosby took a goal. I'm saying at the empty netter. Oh
He is so fast. He's a camp and and and guys
Brock favor like those two together
Those that might be the best shut down deep air like I can ever remember and I know
Canadians you'll scream at me about whoever pronger played within the 2010 games and all that and I get it but
recency bias these two Faber
Every 50 50 puck the guy comes out with the puck. He's not that tall, he's wide, he's a tank,
you can just tell, skates like the wind too.
He led the game in ice time, Faber did.
I think he had over, I think he was 29 minutes, 30 seconds,
but him and Slavin, they were throwing them out there,
every other shift, it was like Fox,
they get them off the ice, and then all of a sudden,
you see Slavin and Faber come on, you're like,
oh, thank
God nothing bad's going to happen, nothing bad's going to happen.
And Wawretzky was great too, but Slaven, holy shit.
Holy shit this guy.
I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe it.
I mean, I'm talking McDavid, McKinnon, Crosby, he's just eating these guys' lunch at the
Bull Line.
It was nuts.
Fans around me were like, who is this guy?
Who's 74? I'm like,
Jesus Christ, I'm just learning as well, folks. Just slaving one name. That's what he is known now.
I'm not a huge fan of watching the Minnesota Wild. Hand up, love Billy Garren, love some of the guys
in that team. So I didn't know a ton about Brock Faber and this guy is the real deal.
Diana Steele, dude.
I have never seen a young kid come in like that and just it was like you were talking
about when McCarr came into the playoffs and was just like, I'm here.
This is my time.
Obviously they're different players.
One's a little more dynamic offensively, but that Faber Slaven put me,
put, signed me up for watching them on best on best for the next 10 years,
please, and I will pay any amount of money for it.
That's what's great about this tournament as is it totally is an appetizer to next
year in Milan. And now you kind of know, all right, we're putting those two
together and then Wurenski completely carries whoever he's playing with and now he was with Jake Sanderson
But Jake Sanderson looked great, but we're Ensky same thing like the whole tournament every time he was on the ice
I know he was out there for the first goal
I believe the McKinnon one but other than that like his rushes chance to score his defense phenomenal player
Like I love our D and then you get Quinn Hughes back. It's like all right different ballgame
but the one question the one question I had to you guys was, it was very evident that Matthew Kachuk was hurt.
I'm guessing it's a groin based on how it kind of happened Saturday night in Montreal.
And he takes a couple days off and he gets out there and right off the hop, you could tell, Biz,
he just, the guy's hurting? He had nothing to give. So
he didn't play a shift in the second, third or overtime. I think he played about six minutes.
And I'm sitting there like, oh, if you knew he was that injured, like maybe throw in Tage
Thompson. But Mike Sullivan was, I think somebody asked him after, it's like, he is like our
emotional leader. We wanted him, even if he couldn't go, we wanted him on the bench. I
get it. But it sucks to go down to 11 forwards at that point and then not have one of your top guys be able to play
Like an enormous loss like we were more injured than you guys not an excuse not an excuse
But we were and I think Brady was a little banged up too
although he had a fucking awesome game on the forecheck like a maniac and
I think we've spread a lot of love over the states. One guy that we haven't mentioned yet for Canada,
Sam the Bennett Menace.
Why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing?
Yes.
Because you knew he was going to pick up the hammer.
That guy's a weapon.
He's a weapon.
How about that fucking goal he scores?
He was laying on hits, heavy on the forecheck,
just a junkyard dog.
If I'm going best on best and you need a fucking,
you need a guy you could stand next to who you could trust,
who to go to bat with, who to go to war with,
I'm taking Sam Bennett majority of the time, man.
What an absolute fucking gamer.
The fact that the Calgary Flames just gave that guy away,
what a disgrace.
They should all be locked up, whoever traded him.
What a miss that was.
He wasn't even part of the Hubertou,
he wasn't part of the Hubertou.
No.
No, he was before that, yeah, we got him,
I can't even remember who he was traded for.
Probably for a nothing burger too.
I'd be sure, I think it might have been like a first rounder,
maybe not even, like a second rounder.
He was traded with a first rounder, maybe not even, like a second rounder. He was traded with a sixth round pick
to the Florida Panthers in exchange for the draft rights
to Emil Heinemann, who's now in Montreal
and a second rounder.
That's a miss, that's a big miss.
But here's the thing, now, people who are sick
of the Panthers and how hard they play,
the Panthers, the Animals, the Lunatics, he's, now, people who are sick of the Panthers and how hard they play, the Panthers, the Animals, the Lunatics,
that he's gone.
I think he's gone because after this tournament
and the cup finals, it's like he's in the cap going up.
Somebody is gonna throw him a bag
that you cannot turn down, in my mind.
Now maybe I'm wrong and he's willing to take a lot less.
I don't think Florida will be able to pay him
what other teams are going to throw him.
I think the Toronto Maple Leafs would be willing to pay that guy like 10 million a year.
He's exactly what Toronto needs, Biz.
And he's going to get a crazy number.
What a goal though.
I thought he was going to go to the backhand.
He kind of made that little fake.
It just goes right over the shoulder of Hellebuck and tie ball game.
Fuck.
Yeah, shout out Marner on that goal.
He made a remarkable play.
More importantly, man, the confidence and experience
my Leafs gained in that tournament.
I mean, we knew Nylander was clutch.
He had a hell of a tourney.
Matthews, he usually shows up pretty good in big games.
Maybe not every single time, but he was a monster in that one.
And then for Marner to have two assist and finally show up in a big moment
where things were getting physical intense, like a playoff atmosphere.
Oh, that is such a huge confidence boost for Mitchie Marner.
I say, give him the 14 million now for fuck's sakes.
Eight times 14 handed over.
He is who rotten and thought he was.
I love the fact like, obviously, you know, what all these guys
can do offensively like Mc, you know, Matthews and I call
like, but what they did defensively and I don't know if
I just don't pay attention to them as much. Matthew's been
doing it for years. No, no, I know. But but to do it against
best on best is it was so impressive to me the way that those guys
took the responsibility of just buckling down defensively,
like never cheating, back checking.
Jack Eichel back checking is unbelievable.
His first three strides are back as hard as he can.
And it's the same with everyone else, like Sid.
Every guy in that tournament grew up idolizing Sid,
no matter what team you're on.
He led the way, he's carried this league
for the last 20 years, and he plays hard,
plays for his country, plays for his league,
and you can just tell every guy just tries to want to be
like him a little bit, wants to play hard,
wants to play the game the right way.
And just an amazing, amazing couple days.
I had a giant just cherry on top of my shit Sunday where I get into bed.
I just drove directly home, got right into bed and I'm just scrolling my phone and a
video pops up of McDavid, Marshawn and Crosby out in the hallway, outside the locker room.
And who do they run into?
But another serial winner, Patrice Bergeron.
I'm like, Jesus, and what does Bergeron say?
He says, Sid, you just keep on winning, huh?
And I said, fuck me.
These fucking guys have been tooling
on our country for years.
They did it in World Juniors,
they did it in the Olympics
twice and they can't stop winning.
Even Bergeron saying you can't stop winning,
McDavid's sitting there and he,
oh and you take the flame from Crosby,
now you score the game winner, you get a game winner,
you get a game winner, you get a Hall of Fame career,
you get a gold medal, and you get a cup, fuck me.
But seeing Bergeron underneath, it's like,
that's what they do, they win.
They fucking win.
Well, you guys are champions in some regard.
You guys are the champions of fake news.
Fake Fox News, that is.
I mean, you've got the community note.
I wanna know how did that community note get to lead in.
For people who don't know, Biz, let me just set it up.
Fox News, Fox News, legacy media is dead, Biz said.
Fox News puts up a tweet.
Ex-Team Canada star says country will be in national crisis if they lose tonight against
United States.
Lot of truth to that headline.
So I click on the thing and I'm thinking, wow, Pronger, is Scott Niedemeyer talking
to Fox News?
Adam Foote?
Wait, Joe Sackett?
And I see your fucking face and your big, big potato nose
and I said, oh, I retweeted faster
than you could retweet anything.
I said, Star, Team Canada Star.
And then all of a sudden, a couple hours later,
we get an all-time community note.
I mean, a community note that stopped me dead in my tracks.
Have your laughs.
It stopped me dead in my tracks. Have your laughs. Have your chuckles, Americans.
It stopped me dead in my tracks.
I tweeted, I immediately said, Biz just got hit harder by a community note than he did
by six Irish travelers.
The community note said, Bissonnette may have played for Team Canada as a teenager in the
under 18 world championships.
Gold medal.
He was far from a star then and could be considered the pinnacle of his career.
Paul Bisnasty never played for Canada again.
His fame has come post-career as a media personality.
I thought we won the game.
I thought that was it.
It's over.
I didn't think we needed to play it after that community.
No, you guys are all about the media,
all about the flashy shit, all about the group techs.
We just handle business in Canada.
I could take all your ricochet shots.
Hey, it was such a gutless shot,
I even had Sarah Palin defending me on Twitter.
I saw that.
How did it get deleted?
That's what I don't get.
Sarah Palin might have called Congress.
I had Sarah Palin scrub it.
I had my new girlfriend, Sarah Palin scrub it.
It was a pretty tough start to the week for me guys
Not only getting dummied online by Fox News
But I found out my the love of my life Bonnie blue is pregnant with another man's child
So this is a big big W in Canada for many many reasons. All right folks
I thank you for all your support
So my me and Sarah Palin are off into the sunset now
because she is, for her age, boys, she is a 10.
She is a 10 out of fucking five.
You know who I loved?
You know who I absolutely loved?
And I'm like, wow, it makes total sense.
He's a captain.
He's worked his way from the fourth line
to one of the top players on the team,
and I gotta think Detroit possibly gets in now.
Dylan Larkin, boys, what a player.
That guy is nails.
Talk about defense and offense.
I think the biggest takeaway from the game
and the tournament is if you're gonna play
for Team USA or Team Canada,
you have to be able to play both sides of the puck.
And that was what kind of upset me.
I don't know if you guys, I can go to you Biz first.
We're looking at trying to match McDavid and trying to match McKinnon in the upper echelon of the NHL.
It's like, fuck, we need guys. We got Matthews. We need guys. We need guys.
And you're kind of hoping Jack Hughes is one of those guys.
I don't know in that tournament.
And I'm gonna say he's very young,
I think he's 22, maybe 23,
and that's his first best on best,
with the physicality and everything ramps up,
but kinda looked a little boy versus man type situation
for him throughout the tournament.
And maybe it changes as he gets bigger
and stronger
and older, but I was left hoping for more from him, Biz.
Yeah, but like, and like, this isn't a ricochet shot
at Marner either, I thought like in prior playoff
experience it was very similar, where like sometimes
these smaller guys, when the environment gets
a little bit tense, there's way less room to work
with out there, and it's very smothering hockey
And you also have to be very impactful on the defensive side
um, I think that this like i'll go back to my comments of opi being a precursor to the olympics like he's going to have a
A full year here to put some time in into his game into the gym
Have a big off season in order to come back
and make an impact. Now, maybe things are different with the mentality in which he plays
with where his brother's on the ice and he's a lot more offensive and they're sharing a
brain and they're finding each other. So maybe not having his brother on the team hurt him
a little bit, but listen, he's very young and a lot of room to grow here and getting
this experience in this tournament,
I'm sure will spark him along with plenty of other guys.
And it's not even the guys that were involved
and were picked on the team.
Like you gotta think Jason Robertson watched that
and is thinking, I wanna fucking get there.
Same thing goes with Tage Thompson.
You don't think Cole Caulfield's even more motivated,
especially after getting snubbed debates
on the season that he had.
Think about all the Canadians think about Wyatt Johnston.
Like he fucking probably wants to get in the mix in.
So there's a lot of these young players who watch that tournament
who are like damn like not only do I want to be a part of that,
but I got a lot of work in order to put into my game in order
to be worthy of being a part of that.
And the only reason before you go G, sorry,
the only reason I bring up Jack Hughes
is because he's so good that like,
for us to get to the level where we finally
can get by you guys, like the first overall pick,
like 100 point type star that Jack Hughes is,
we need him to become truly dominant in these games.
Like I'm saying it because like, he the guy that we're going to really need the next
two, four, eight years to become the guy.
He is our answer to a lot of those top guys because of his skill and his speed.
Like he has to turn into that, which I believe he can.
And you think that, but you're like kind of the way that Billy G, you're building a roster
to try to combat the best other teams where there's only so much top six space, right?
So if you think that you have that locked in with guys who can not only play offensively
under that type of pressure, that type of tight gap, you know, close defense, right?
If you're not getting those minutes,
like is he valuable on a lower line?
And that's where you gotta balance that scale.
See, we need him to be a top six,
like if we're gonna win a gold medal or a World Cup,
he's gonna be one of our top three players.
Yeah, and if not, maybe he's the extra guy
where if one of those guys goes down,
you throw him in that situation.
But the thing is now with US taking leaps and bounds steps
to get better is they got a lot of dogs, man.
There's only so much ice time out there.
People were also-
You saw Kyle Connor get scratched.
People were complaining before the game
about Kyle Connor getting scratched for Kreider.
Now I said in the group chat, I don't know man Kreid is a bit of a
pain in the ass around the blue paint. He's a fast guy he could forecheck like
a madman maybe not necessarily the most physical guy but you'd assume in a game
like that you you're coming out of your comfort zone right. So a guy like Kyle
Connor I thought he was effective at times in the tournament,
but also maybe one dimensional in the sense of the role that he needed to play in that
game. Like it's just like who, who are going to be your dogs? Like there might be more
skilled players. Like you might say Shifely is more skilled than Sam Bennett, but Sam
Bennett has other variables that can squeeze in the top six to make him more valuable in a situation like that.
And that's just the way it is.
People can say, oh, Shifely's more valuable
and a better player than Jarvis.
It's like, well, but maybe you need that guy penalty killing
and maybe you need him providing energy
that a guy like Shifely Knight might not be able to do
in a bottom six role.
So there's a lot of thought that goes
into these rosters, guys you know I think that Jack Hughes is a guy that's for sure penciled in on
that Olympic roster but you have to construct your roster to compete against Canada, potentially
Russia, Sweden ain't going away, Finland's going to have a better showing with Hayskin in their
back end a lot healthier and probably having a little bit of bad taste in their mouth based on this performance here, although not terrible
They finished fourth. So there's a lot of pride at stake here
And you mentioned Dylan Larkin and I thought he had a really interesting quote after the game
She's kind of about the state of USA hockey ain't guys wanting to play for USA hockey
He said we've had a tough time with USA hockey getting guys to play in the World Championship.
Guys who are at home watching this,
I hope they want a piece of it.
They've got to go to the World Championships
and prove themselves if they want to play for their country.
We've got to start winning that tournament.
And I think that's where, you know,
Canada and those guys, they go and play.
And that's where it starts.
Pride for your country, pride for your flag,
putting the crest on and going out for a game is just an unbelievable feeling.
The game really grew, but I hope it pushes guys to want a piece of this.
But I thought it's really interesting because that's something in the past.
USA never wins the world championships, right?
Like we need some of these guys like Jack Hughes going over there.
Half the time you're sounding a roster full of half college guys, aren't you?
Yep. Play playoffs.
You know, any guy who's not in the playoffs,
you'll see this year go because it's Olympics next year,
and you kind of have to if you want a chance.
But yeah, it would be ideal if it does seem like Canada is
sending very high level players who don't make the playoffs,
or even losing the first round, you see guys go right over
there.
That's a good point by him. Cause the world's really great.
Yeah.
Americans use the fake injuries not to go.
You guys used to fake injuries.
Like I don't want to go to a world championship.
My hands broken.
I know that firsthand fact.
Also the other part is how team Canada handles the families and everything.
How they, they fly them over.
They have events set up.
They have the hats like business where they, they take care of everything.
So the guys want to go play.
Sweden needs to step up with that.
US needs to step up with that and make it something you want to go to still
world championships.
You got to think with all the, um, the way USA hockey's going with all these
guys like Beezer's in charge, right?
And then you got Billy G at the helm.
They're probably running it a little bit different
than when we were playing World Championships.
They're treating the guys the way they probably
deserve to be treated.
So I love those comments from Larkin.
Just proves to me the guy bleeds red, white and blue.
He's a shoe in for any US team for the rest of his career, those comments alone.
But yeah, you got to think that they're treating them better than they were back when we were
going through it, right, Witt?
Yeah, also, I think with Olympics next year, so everyone's going this year who isn't in
the playoffs, the good thing is then you got 28, then you got 30 Olympics, then you got 32 World Cups.
So now it's like guys are probably going to have to go to the World Championships every
year because there is a best on best coming up so soon after each season.
So that is a great point by him and I think you'll see a change in that where, hey, if
I want a team, if I want a chance at making that best on best World Cup or Olympic roster,
and my team's out of the playoffs, I'm going to Worlds.
And then maybe, I mean, has the US won a World Championship?
They might have won one in like the 30s or something.
I don't even know if they've ever won one.
I think it was 33.
It was the last time they won one.
You guys got relegated?
Pretty much.
That's how down bad we are, folks. that's how down bad we are folks that's
how that's how oh she made the team because we had to we beat Italy I think
it was Italy in a shootout and he scored like seven times in a row and he had one
contact in oh like like he did against Russia he'd already done that that's why
he got chose for that team because of the shootouts I never knew he had done
that prior with yeah yeah we had a night the night before the game.
Guys, before we go any further, I need to talk to you about Roeback.
We are so lucky that Roeback is a sponsor of this show.
Oh my God, the hoodies, everything.
Roeback has activewear.
That's what we want to talk to you about is Roeback activewear.
And if you've seen that little dog logo or those two stripes on the back of shirts you've seen
Roeback. It's everywhere. I know you've seen it. Some of you may know them for
polos but let us tell you about some of their new products that we cannot take
off. The Roeback Hesse hoodie is the single softest piece of clothing that I
own. It has a nice stretch and it is just flat out comfortable. It's easy to wear
anywhere.
You want to go out, you want to play golf,
you want to lay around the house.
It's the Hesse hoodie from Roeback.
There's no other way around it.
It's now a safe bet to assume we are wearing
a Roeback hoodie at all times.
Secondly, the Roeback Sprint Joggers are soft,
lightweight, and very easy to move in.
If you're looking for a nice pant
for a little outdoor skate, these are them. Then if you pair it with the Hesse hoodie, you're set. Simple as
that. We couldn't be more pumped to start repping Roeback and I hope that all of
you join us. So use code CHICKLITS on Roeback.com for a generous 20 off your
first purchase through the end of the week. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S on R-H-O-B-A-C-K dot com.
Twenty percent off all hoodies, joggers and more with code CHICKLITS.
Oh, Biz, you own us.
You own us. It's a sad day.
Like I said, it's a bad day for the...
But I'm very proud. I told Ryder on the way home, I said,
trying to teach him, like, dude, there's games that you finished the game and you didn't deserve to win, and you didn't
give it your all, and you weren't out there every shift, playing every shift like it's your last shift.
And it sounds very cliche, but after games, when that happens, you could sit there and you
could be like, I didn't do what I could. But the US did. Like they played phenomenal. Hellebuck was great. He made a couple saves
when it was one-nothing Canada. That if Canada goes up two, oh, that game's done. And the
team played well enough to win. It's just Canada always finds a way. They always do
best. Yeah. I told the boys, I said it to start the pod, guys.
I think that this win means a lot more than you guys will ever know, given how you guys
have been trying to bully us, you and your president.
But I said at the beginning of the pod, I think it was the perfect political climate
to spice things up and make this thing even more interesting.
And it's just nice to come out on top.
We fucking needed this Canada.
And I'm proud of myself for not coming in
and rubbing your nose in it.
We did that last night.
Oh, you're proud of yourself.
Yeah, you're fucking right.
I'm proud of you too.
Business ain't it means so much
because if had they lost
and the country went into a great depression,
it would have been on his back.
That's what I'm saying.
It would have been your fault. Oh, he was done.
He was done.
I had all these things.
I was like, he didn't come to the game.
I had nothing for him, though.
I had nothing for him.
See, now I regret not coming and swinging,
you fucking assholes.
But that's the Canadian.
Buddy, listen, listen.
I said it halfway through the pod.
That's the Canadian way.
We take the high road.
We're not worrying about telling the media
that we pre-planned the fight on group text.
We're just gonna go in the locker room.
We're gonna re-strategize.
We're gonna handle our business appropriately.
We're gonna win our fights.
People are saying we lost those fights.
We didn't lose those fights.
We didn't lose those ones.
And then we brought it when the chips were on the table.
We had a goalie that everybody doubted,
he fucking stuffed you guys in the locker.
We had a depleted back end with McCarr playing with illness,
he stuffed you in a locker.
You doubted McJesus and whether he could win the big one,
big cat in PFT, fuck you, he stuffed you in a locker.
Canadian champions, our game, our time, and fuck you. He stuffed you in a locker Canadian Champions our game our time and fuck you. I
Got I gotta have some hand up accountability here. Yeah, I was the guy who sent oldie to part of my take
The difference maker change the streaming game forever
Let me set this up for people who who don't know, pardon my take,
monster number one pod in the world for sports,
they were looking for a very authentic Canadian
to go stream the game with Big Cat and PFT.
And next thing you know, Keith texts our group chat,
I'm sending them a beauty, boys.
Who is this guy?
And I've never seen, as Murl said last night,
I've never seen Big Cat laugh that hard. Who is this guy? And I've never seen, as Moral said last night, I've never seen Big Cat laugh that hard.
Who is this guy?
I've never seen a moose knuckle look like that either.
That was the most disgusting five hole area.
He was drinking maple syrup after the game.
Oh yeah.
That was a fupa and a half.
I don't know if I read it wrong or saw it wrong.
At one point, was there a 602,000 people watching
that live stream or no way?
I don't think so.
No, okay, it might've been 60,000, but yeah.
Oh, no, I would guess 600,000.
I've watched their football streams
that have three or 400.
Oh, really?
Yeah, and what's with that guy was doing.
Oh my God.
Who is?
How do you know this guy, Yance?
My first, you wanna hear my first interaction with him?
Yeah.
Sitting in the locker room,
getting ready for the first game of the NHL playoffs
with the New York Rangers,
all of a sudden, boom, the door busts open.
I see this guy all glittered up, paint on his chest,
dancing around, fedora on, because they used to give out the fedora
for the player of the game, dancing around the locker room, getting us fired up.
I'm like, what the hell is going on here?
What is this? Who is this guy?
Because I was new, I got traded at the deadline that year.
I'm looking around, everyone's going nuts for him.
I asked Casey, I'm like, dude, who the fuck is this guy?
He's like, that's Nash's best friend.
I'm like, Rick Nash?
The most quiet human being on the planet?
What are you talking about?
That can't be his best friend.
He's like, it's his best friend in the world.
He fucking loves him to death.
I'm like, holy shit.
The Rangers, they used to fly him in before every series.
He would dance his ass off
to get us going and then just leave.
He almost missed the birth of his first born child
to be at our game, to dance.
He was like, I don't know if I can make it.
My wife's due tomorrow, the game day.
And then Nashler's like, nah, nah, you're coming.
Yeah, but he's just that.
He's a typical Canadian.
He'd do anything for his friends, just a great, great guy.
But yeah, he just refuses to ever wear clothes.
What's he do for a living?
Trash man.
He's a trash man.
Or what did he call it?
Doesn't he get naked driving the truck?
Sanitation, what does he call it?
A sanitation advisor or something.
But yeah, he drives the, does the trash in the summertime
and then plows your beautiful Canadian roads
in the winter time.
He is just an all time human.
But yeah, I-
He might get hired.
Barstow should hire that guy after that performance.
He might get signed to whoever bussing
with the boys went to.
People are saying that it's going to be a letdown
going to regular season hockey now.
I completely disagree.
I think we carry this momentum over.
We got the OV goal chase.
We got the chase to the fuck, chase for the wild card,
playoff positioning.
I think things are just ramping up.
This is it, baby.
Hockey's got a period of time here
where they can really take a stranglehold and that was another topic of conversation
Given the two-day layover. I thought pk subban did a great job of basically carving the nba
Saying how it's a joke product and how the nba when you these guys put the jersey on to their country
They fucking care. They ain't messing around
And if if a the amazon or whoever does all this behind the scenes stuff,
they better start shooting the build up to the Olympics now.
I think basketball actually ended up doing one and it turned out pretty good
where they followed a bunch of teams around for last year's Summer Olympics.
They got to get on that.
What you just did?
Yeah, I just finished that documentary. It was great.
It was good.
I think Barack Obama and Michelle Obama, I just finished that document. It was great. It was good. You were actually dialed in.
I think Barack Obama and Michelle Obama,
I think they produced it.
No shit.
Yeah, it was great.
Yeah, I 100 agree with that, that they
should do that for the hockey for every team, too.
Not just one team.
I need every team.
I wouldn't even do an All-Star game next year.
They're supposed to do it in Long Island
before they go over to the Olympics.
I think they should just nix it, let these guys rest, and worry about
the product at the Olympics.
I think every year there is an Olympics or best on best considering they've already decided
all the World Cups will be mid-season. I honestly think just don't stop the games and just make
it by weeks. I know they've kind of done this, like the NFL, and just keep games going all year and don't do an All-Star game,
because we're going to end up looking like the NBA did at their All-Star game next year if we have one.
Now, it'll be a little different because the next week will be the Olympics beginning, but any year there's no best on best,
we can't be doing the All-Star shanigans. We can't be doing it. And the other final takeaway I have,
well, first off is like, these animals,
these guys who went in there
and put everything on the line mid-season,
like, Faber has a game Saturday afternoon.
He has a game in like 24 hours.
And it's just amazing to think
that they're gonna hop right back in.
But while hopping right back in,
it might seem so easy to some of
these guys. Forget how tired and beat up you are, but I'm talking like last night's game
was the best hockey game I've ever seen. It was the fastest game I've ever been a witness
to. There was no time, there was no space. You had absolutely no room to do anything.
McDavid and McKinnon and Matthews and all these superstars that we got to watch,
they're going to get out there against a couple of fourth liners and feel like they're playing
against phantoms. It's going to be like, oh, because every time you came down on a guy,
it was the best player you're going against. Now you're going to get a couple of matchups
like, I got some room, I got some time. It's gonna feel like a joke to these guys when they get good matchups. Oh
I'm sick though boys. I'm still sick
Not not truly sick just sick to my stomach for losing again to Canada
Bravo NHL. Bravo. Yeah, seriously
Bravo NHL and Bravo players and hopefully we see a growth in the game
Five to ten years from now that really stem from this tournament and
The amount of people who watched it I'd be shocked if that doesn't happen
It's gonna be incredible to see the game grow and continue to be on this trajectory that none of us could have imagined
Ten years ago. It's wild to see and I'm just so proud to have played hockey, to have represented my country, and to now get to witness the greatest generation of players.
It's just unreal, the talent on the ice,
the speed, the skill, and the tenacity
that all these guys brought.
They would have done anything to win that game last night,
and they're just mid-season.
That's how many warriors play this game that we all love.
So amazing, and the final thing I have to say,
bad news, is we
want to shout out the family and all the people in Pittsburgh and all the people who loved
Mike Lang, who really was the voice of the Penguins for so long. He beat him like a rented
mule, all his sayings. Scratch my back with a hacksaw. He was just the voice of the Penguins
through the Mario and the Yager days,
and then Sid and Malcolm come, and he went over to radio,
and he still just crushed it all the time.
And I think that he's a true legend in Pittsburgh.
I mean, every single Pittsburgh native who thinks of the penguins, you think of Mike Lang.
And that guy will be remembered forever there.
It was such brutal news that
when we found out he passed away. So thinking of his family and his friends and the entire
city of Pittsburgh, you guys lost the legend but he'll never ever be forgotten because
every highlight played you'll have Mike Lang's voice in the background announcing an all-time
goal with an all-time call. So a great, great week of hockey.
Really tough news from Pittsburgh with Mike Lang,
but I love all you guys, even you Biz.
I'll tell you buddy, Canada and America,
we've always been brother in arms.
I would never have it changed.
Biz, here's my hand.
Hey, there's only one left thing to say.
Here's my hand.
Hey, there's only one left thing to say.
Oh, Canada,
our home and native
land.
That's all I know.
You didn't know the rest of the words.
I love you everyone.
And that lady last night.
Love you everyone.
We're ending this.
We're ending this.
Bye bye. I don't know any other way Even if I could go away This feeling is so hard to break I'll get you some love
