Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spitton Chicklets.
What is up, folks?
And welcome back to episode 547 of the Spitton Chicklets podcast presented to you by Pink
Whitney.
And we have a very, very special show lined up for you
with two special guests, big names in the hockey world,
specifically right now in the hockey world
after that fantastic Four Nations.
And they were both, I have been told,
I've been told both having a little bit
of pink Whitney post-Turney, right?
That's what we-
Ooh, celebratory?
Yeah, a little celebratory.
Well, not for our guy Brady, but still for his tournament.
Oh yeah, for his bank account.
For his tournament performance.
Celebratory Pink Whitney, whether you wanna do the nip
and the shot, whether you wanna get it
with a little soda water,
whether you wanna drink it on the rocks,
or whether you wanna grab a big old bottle
and go to a party.
I actually got a message sent to me
from a guy who went up skiing with his buddies.
They got two of the monster bottles.
It was only two night trip.
They finished both bottles.
So shout out to people like that.
Shout out to the guys and the girls out there
crushing the pink Whitney, helping out the brand.
And we thank you so much.
So guys, we're back.
A quick little vacation for us away from, away from Chick.
Let's consider we recorded Friday morning after that epic
championship game and my depression has, it's gone away. I'm on to Italy
I'm on to the Olympics
but you guys very special weekend where I got to watch you both on TV for the
the game in LA for the fires and and what happened in LA the past month or so and
Tell me about it biz. How was it? What'd you think and what was your experience in LA for it?
Okay, so first things first, I was actually already supposed to be here this weekend because the LA Kings are a first class organization.
And I was fortunate enough to win a Calder Cup 10 years ago, and it was our 10 year anniversary.
And it was a reunion, all the players who aren't playing now and who could attend.
aren't playing now and who could attend. And it just so happens that one of the only Sunday date
in like the last three years,
the building crypto.com Reno became available
and about a month ago, Luke Robitaille, Rob Blake,
the NHL, Gary Bettman, all hands on deck, the alumni,
the list goes on of people putting together this game
to benefit the LAFD,
all the first responders in the area
and all the displaced families from their homes
where their homes burned down, they got nowhere to go.
Like, fucking, this city got terrorized
by those fires guys and these people worked relentlessly
to put the fires out and help these people out
and some people are still not in their homes
or displaced from their homes, excuse me,
with nowhere to rent and stuff like that.
So they put this game on, a charity benefit game.
Yans was actually a player.
Because I had to go to Ontario for the five o'clock game
to celebrate that reunion with those guys,
I wasn't able to be there for the whole thing.
But we're talking Snoop Dogg, we're talking Will Ferrell,
we're talking Danny DeVito, Justin Bieber,
players like Jeremy Roenick, Mark Messier, P.K. Subban,
Keith Yandel, I mean, Yans, the list goes on and on.
So they throw this game up in the last four weeks
and it's a home run.
All the networks are carrying it,
all to raise money for an unbelievable cause,
which is the LAFD and all part of the LA Strong.
And they named it something else, right, Yans?
It was kind of the skate for LA Strong or something.
That was the name of the charity game.
So just an unbelievable day of hockey, Yans,
and I'll throw it over to you.
You got to play in it and live it and breathe it.
What was it like rubbing elbows with all those celebrities?
It was amazing.
And the LA Kings are my new team.
Like you said, first class, first class.
These guys are Blakey, Luke Robitile, everyone.
It's, it's truly amazing that they were able to put that together and get the
names that they were able to get.
Just, I think they said it was three weeks or two and a half weeks, but yeah,
truly amazing that the celebrities came out and shine.
Danny DeVito was so funny in the locker room.
Like, you know how the locker room is guys are giving them shit.
He's taking it.
He's giving it.
It was awesome.
Um, how tall is he the jet?
Oh, he's short.
Like it's crazy how short he is.
Like we took a picture and the guys who were kneeling in the front are, are eye level with them. He's, he's short. Like, it's crazy how short he is. Like, we took a picture, and the guys who were kneeling in the front
are eye level with him.
He's very, very small,
but he's got a presence about him where he might be 5'2",
but he's walking in at 6'6", you know?
Oh, yeah.
He's got that presence about him.
What was that, Keith, did you chat with Snoop at all?
Yeah, a little bit.
One of the guys, as you know who he is,
the radio guy for LA LA wears the crazy suits.
Oh yeah, fuck. I'm drawing a blank right now.
Miracle on Manchester.
Yeah.
Whatever he wears. I'll look it up. Sorry.
But he skates with, he doesn't have laces in his tongue, in his skates.
The tongue's hanging around.
So I said to Snoop, I'm like, dude, he looks like he should be
crit walking in some Chuck Taylors.
Remember the old Chuck Taylor's you have with like the tongue out.
And he, yeah, I think he got a kick of a him and Will Ferrell.
Vince Vaughn was another guy too, just like, uh, seeing those guys in the
locker room, being around, being around the guys and they weren't just like
there to be there, they were having fun with us in the locker room, hanging out.
And then, you know, you look to your left, you got Theo Flurry,
Mark Messier, Manon Rayon, Billy Ramford.
And then truly amazing to see like the cops and the firemen,
how appreciative they were.
And like, you know, they just wanted to hang and be in the locker room.
And that was the coolest part for me.
I mean, as a kid growing up, I'm sure you were probably the same.
If you live in the mass area, you want to be a cop or a fireman.
And I wanted to be a fireman.
My grandfather was a fireman.
So to be able to go out there and be asked to do that was truly an honor for me.
So I saw a picture, pretty incredible picture.
I don't know if the video will look the same, but it's Biz meeting Justin Bieber.
Bieber looks starstruck in the picture.
And randomly, he has no shirt on.
You can't see the bottom half,
but it looks like Biz is staring at his hog.
But I don't know, Biz, when he saw you,
was he like, oh, what up?
Like his face looked like he was very excited
to meet a fellow Leafs ball licker.
Pasha's listening right now. he's probably laughing his dick off.
I think it was just the way that Pasha captured it.
He'd already done his conversation and then they were
clearing everybody out of the locker room to get ready
for the game and I hadn't talked to him yet so I was just
going over to say, hey, thanks for bringing awareness to
this game we got going on to raise money for. And he said he said absolutely and I didn't even notice his face like that when he turned around
I was just focused on putting my hand out to shake his hand
And then I quickly said bye to Teddy Purcell and Jared Stoll and then and then I was out of there
So when I saw that picture today in the group text
I was just as shocked as you that me and that Biebs your best friends and last year we had a discussion
I was just as shocked as you that me and Beb, Bebs are best friends.
And last year we had a discussion as to whether or not
Bieber knew who you were and you said no chance at the time.
Now maybe fighting six Irish travelers
and being all over the news for a week made a difference,
but he knows who you are, bro.
Well I think that Nickelback is his musical inspiration
and he saw the clip for me singing Rock star on stage, 10 out of 10.
So that's maybe where my recognition came from.
But I would still guess that if you pointed to me,
yeah, pointed to me and asked him who I was,
he wouldn't be able to tell you my real name
or say it was nasty.
I don't.
I hope he knows who you are.
I don't think it's nasty.
I honestly don't think that. He might be like,
oh yeah, like he's that clown on TV, on NHL on TT who doesn't know what he's talking about. Check out
the YouTube version because the pic will be on where we're recording now on YouTube. But it was a
great picture to see. How's Teddy doing, boys? I miss him. He's doing awesome. He's got a new form.
He looks silky out there dude.
No, he's unreal. I play with him in the American league with the Ontario Reigns. So although
we won it in Manchester, we celebrated in Ontario. I was on the team that actually moved
there the first year. So like the year we won it, that was our last year in Manchester.
It was off to Ontario, California to be closer.
And in my last year of playing,
Teddy was sent down to the minors and bro,
he wasn't the fastest guy,
but he could hit those little pockets
and make those little dishes.
We had the worst zone entry team
where we would never score off the rush.
And all of a sudden he came down
and we were scoring off the rush every night.
Like he was an electric factory. So he's got silky mincey hands.
Oh yeah, unreal. Billy Ranford was telling me the story and I'd like to hear
your version of it how you got to Manchester. He was saying that I don't
know maybe you've told it before on the pod but I can't remember it. He's saying
that you guys were playing an exhibition game against Suggers? some all it was a regular season game. It was a regular
Okay, so
This is when I was like depressed on my couch right when I didn't have a job after playing in the NHL for five years
so
Finally my agent called Don Maloney and he's like, hey man, he spent five years there with the coyotes
I got least give him a PTO in
Portland so I go to Portland and I just.
Gohan was like, who?
He's like, Biz Nasty, he's like, oh yeah, yeah.
Is that Beaver buddy?
Oh, that clown who cost me all those goddamn headaches.
It's funny that you bring him up.
I saw him at my chula, it's like a seafood place
I go to locally in Arizona.
He was there.
I saw him like last week.
Oh really, nice. I just like, he was like, I'm surprised,
everything you've done, but great job.
And I was like, buddy, I go, why are you doing this?
He used to do that in his meetings.
He did like.
Oh, that's right, yeah, he used to have
the little hand jester.
But I was like, man, thanks for keeping me around.
I know I caused you a lot of headaches for those five years.
And he's like, yeah, you did.
Yeah, you did.
The Rafi Torres Halloween picture.
Oh my God.
How do we get there?
Memo, we had the Vespa game.
How'd you ended up in Manch?
Oh.
Oh yeah.
Okay, so Ganger, get me fucking sidetracked.
You always do this.
But then we were playing against Manch and they had Stutzi
as a head coach and he was my head coach in junior.
So I went over and talked to him after and he's like,
how you like it?
And I was like, I don't know, I don't, I'm a PTO guy.
I don't know how much longer I'm going to be here.
And he goes, if anything ends up happening, let me know.
And then Mike Fuda was our, like assistant GM at the time,
so he kind of helped make the decisions.
So sure enough, like the next week I got snipped
and I'm like, fuck.
So I called Fudes in my hotel room in Portland,
being like, hey, like it's either I come to you guys
on a PTO or I drive home and I'm fucking,
I got my dick in my hand again.
And then Fudes talked to Stutz.
Obviously Stutz was like,
yeah, fucking right, let's bring him over if we can.
And then he called Dean Lombardi,
and Dean Lombardi was like,
all right, just tell him to stay the fuck off Twitter.
So next thing you know, packed my truck,
I was off to match,
which is only about an hour and a half away.
And boys, I know we have a couple laughs about it,
but I went from being depressed on my couch
to at the end of that season winning a Calder Cup
where it was such a big turn for me.
So I'm forever indebted to the LA Kings organization,
and I'm not just saying that because they helped me out,
but they are genuinely first class.
They do not fuck around.
We would have breakfast and lunch at the arena.
So many incredible people in the organization
and they make it work.
And even being at that game the other night with,
they played against Utah,
they've always had incredible game ops.
They play their dicks off.
They fucking, if you go, they scrum it up.
They don't give a shit.
They have the best home record in the league too.
So after that double wrister, I just gave the organization.
It was a hell of a game on Saturday
to be a part of two Yants.
Yeah, it was.
I noticed a lot of the guys on your team had their rings on.
Did you sell yours?
No, mine's in Welland, Ontario.
I got my frame jersey in my basement.
If you ever watched the hockey night in Canada segment
where we go through my house, I got that one in my under 18 gold medal ring. They've got us rings for team Canada at the yard sale
They're doing this weekend
Yolanda's house
Fizz any
Was there like it's so cool. Well, I never got to experience getting together with a championship team like years later
That's right when all the guys were together,
did any stories come up you forgot
or was it just more about just catching up with everyone?
No, we just basically reminisced all the old ones.
So it was great seeing,
I think we had about 10 guys there.
Our captain Vinny Laverde was there.
Our goalie, Barube, who actually got injured like halfway through
our game four of the finals.
We ended up winning in five,
so we had to throw our back up in that,
and he was just coming back from injury,
and we'd actually brought in this other third stringer
where before he went on the ice,
he had this ventilator thing he'd put on his face.
You know?
What?
Was it an inhaler? Yeah, but it was like an aggressive one. Like
it was, it was like the airplane one. He looked like Bain slash the guy from
Mad Max, the old guy who had that thing all over his face and he was
so So this guy trying to seal the deal, but so we, he, we thought the stats, he ended up
telling the guy, Hey, like we're, we're putting Bardo in that, although you're coming, he's
coming back from injury and he was like piss and he left the team. This was like a fucking
e-bug type guy. And like, so, so all of a sudden our, our game five speech going in to try to
seal the deal in Utica, um, like Stutzi, like galvanized the
group by saying, fucking this guy on the ventilator quit on us.
It was our, our team was like, it was like, like, it was nuts,
man. The shit that was going on that year, like our MVP was like, he would get buckled. His name's Oni. He's actually
still playing overseas, but buddy, he could, he would be the fucking hardest
working guy at practice and he would reek of booze. Uh, so yeah, the stories
are flying the couple of days and a few of them went pretty hard. Like I'm off
the booze. I can't go till the wee hours, but, uh, oh my God, Sean Backman, who's actually,
um, a scout for the Florida Panthers.
So he got the chance to win a championship.
So got to kind of talk to him about his experience being a scout.
One guy, uh, one guy's I probably shouldn't say, Oh yeah.
He had great stories and, uh, he kind of like looks exactly like how his girl was
to show his picture on the bodies again.
This is him.
But yeah, I'm not going to, I can't say his name now, although you'll probably have to
bleep out what his profession is, but sure enough, his wife that he met and she is a
missile like this guy, like, this guy, good looking guy,
he's got the gift of the gab,
but like completely out kicking his coverage.
I was so proud of him.
And then we had this Justin Auger who was like six, nine,
just this big guy with a huge cock
you've never seen in your life.
He was there.
But yeah.
Is it Auger? Yeah, Justin Aug. But yeah, just an auger.
He's a big ogre.
Is that the that you're talking about?
He was that he was he introduced himself to me.
He's like, I actually I was at training camp
and I ran you first practice
and then I was gone the next day.
Okay.
We had a script.
We had a scrimmage like an inner squad scrimmage
and he fucking came to kill me behind
the net like my kids were at. It was at the ice then thought it was just going to be a
nice little flow scrimmage. He runs at me first shift. I'm like, Oh my, he's like, sorry,
man. I was just trying to make a name for myself. I was like, Oh my God, give me back.
He's told to do it. So an unreal weekend for us. I mean, you can't be two places at once. Like it would
have been cool to experience that whole charity game. Like I never got a chance to meet Snoop.
I still really want to meet him. His manager always tries to put us in touch. I actually
went to a con his concert in Edmonton during the finals last year. It was there. He had
the McDavid Jersey on, didn't he? Yeah. He came out in the McDavid Jersey, got to go
in the coaches meeting room. Actually beep. Beeps was in there, Vince Vaughn was in there,
Al Michaels, like TV legend. So it was just a star-studded affair. So I don't
know if there's any other stories you had from it, Jans, but I think we can
kind of move on from that. No, that seemed great though, and it was awesome to
raise money and do that for all those people who've gone through just hell
trying to deal with those horrible fires.
Great work by you two. I will say.
And the clip that ended up going out there, I got one last thing.
There's like a you win a hat, a free hat, if you guess the right thing that the pucks under.
So there's five hats and, you know, they move around and by the end of it, you're like, ah, you you know like it tried to trick you to not knowing which one it was and I thought it was one but
Yans is yelling to my ear five five so I'm like I think it's one but I have CT
so I'll rely on my teammates here five and then sure enough it was under one so
everybody loses the hat game but I get the mic and I'm like ah fuck it
true downy great job. Gold medal.
Congratulations.
And let's get this Kings power play going.
Go Kings.
Go.
They score 10 seconds into the fucking power play.
And then they ended up winning it.
He let, he left out that they booed him when he was like, do a great job.
Go Canada.
And everyone in the whole crowd.
Daughter on my forehead.
Fuck.
And all the Trumps are ready to get me.
Well, great weekend by you two.
I still think it's insane that Avery lives out there
and he wasn't in that game, because that's
kind of built for him.
But guys, wrapping up Four Nations,
16.1 million people combined with Canada and the United
States watched that game.
Like, just one of the craziest numbers I've ever seen.
I said, oh, maybe it'll get 12 million 16.1.
So the fact that we have that tournament, we have that many people watching an
incredible final game that we already went over, then leading into what should be
a wild six weeks. Right.
I think we have, what is it, a couple of weeks, a couple of days until the
deadline. Then you got the playoff chase and then right into the Stanley Cup playoffs.
Hopefully a lot of these fans who tuned in are kind of like,
all right, I'm willing to stay on, see how the rest of the season goes.
So were you surprised by the number as surprised as I was?
I said to you, I think that they were at the time, I think I said over like eight or nine.
And then by the time the hype had grown because they had the two days off to really promote it,
I wouldn't have been shocked if you told me 10,
but to get 16 collectively,
like what a job by all the networks involved.
And obviously ESPN ended up having
both Canada versus US games up sports net in Canada.
They got crazy numbers too.
So just like, it goes back to what we were just talking
about and the timing of that tournament
and how everything kind of happened politically,
blah, blah, blah.
It just was like in the NBA doing what they did
to turn people away.
It just feels like the momentum and the timing
of everything that's happened over the last two weeks,
including that charity game they just did
with all those celebrities and putting that all together
from the NHL side
like the hockey community is buzzing right now boys and it's so good to see and it's so deserved because of how
Amazing our game is and the effort the players put forth
all the time and you and you saw it from a production standpoint with the four nations and
I just can I think our game is gonna continue to grow and people were like Oh, it's gonna be it's gonna suck to get back to regular season hockey. We talked about it last pod
We got the Ovechkin goal chase to hop into and what the fuck does this guy do the first couple games back like
Everything is going right for hockey right now hockey cannot miss
So any casual for sports fan hop on the fucking bandwagon,
open up the doors, Christ, we might have 34 fucking teams
in the NHL a few years from now based on expansion
and the numbers that are growing it.
This is unbelievable, boys.
This is good for-
You might have another,
you might get another contract out of this.
Exactly, I might have another fucking hockey podcast.
With the gargoyles.
Hey, speaking of Ovi and somebody buzzing, Exactly. You'll have another fucking hockey podcast with the gargoyles Hey
Speaking of Ovi and somebody buzzing we have another guy who just can't stop winning
I think it's time to throw it over to him John Cooper head coach of team Canada and the Tampa Bay Lightning
Awesome interview we just did with him. So we're gonna throw it over to him right now and we could talk about OVF to that
So without further ado John Cooper
now and we could talk about OVF to that. So without further ado, John Cooper. Guys, this episode is brought to you by Body Armor Flash IV. We've talked about it nonstop, how grateful
we are that Body Armor is a sponsor of this show, the best water and the best way to rehydrate
the Flash IV is phenomenal. It's packed with electrolytes and provides faster and longer
lasting hydration with no artificial flavors, sweeteners or dyes.
None of that crap in there helps you feel better, helps you feel better quick and it
tastes great.
Great tasting flavors like strawberry, kiwi and tropical punch body armor flash IV gives
your body the rehydration it needs to recover.
I think everyone after the four nations needed some rehydration. I was lucky enough to be at home with a new shipment of Flash IVs in,
crushing that after the final, after the disappointment of Team USA. I sat there on the coach and I
thought about the Olympics next year and I drank a Flash IV from Body Armor and I felt
great. The strawberry kiwi. Chef's kiss. Get yours at a local 7-Eleven or on Amazon today.
What an honor it is to be joined by this legend again.
Two-time Stanley Cup champ, the longest tenured coach in the
National Hockey League, and now another champion again with Team
Canada, Tampa Bay lightning and team
Canada, head coach John Cooper coop.
Congratulations.
You crushed my soul, but thanks for coming on the show.
Thanks for having me boys.
I didn't come on here to crush your soul.
I came here to say what a hell of a hockey game that was.
I'm a hell of a guy.
That's kind of what I wanted to get into.
And you've coached in so many big games and so many high level, high
compete atmospheres, like that game to me, it was, there was no time, there was no
space. Like, did you notice that off the hop Saturday in Montreal and realize what was
coming in and what was going to happen? Or were even in that championship game, we were
like, is this a different, this is a different pace?
Oh, was it a different pace? Like the, the greatest pace I ever saw in a practice was 2016 when I was on the ice
for that under 23 team.
And when we went on the ice, I'm like, Oh man, this is an unlike anything I've seen
before, and this is, that was like 2016 was in the league was like starting to get the
pace.
It was still, you know, like guys that were, you know, going for the
Ironman records were still playing.
So like, but the, uh, it was phenomenal.
But then fast forward to the first period of the Sweden game.
And it was unlike anything I've ever seen in an actual like live hockey game.
And even after that game had been sent me a text and he said, like for himself, he was like, was it me or was that the fastest hockey you've ever been a part of?
I'm like, by far.
It was sick.
That's unreal.
So Leon Dreisand, I'll see him today.
And he was like, so how was it?
I said, it was incredibly fast.
And he said, it looked it.
But he said, it looked like there was no time and space out there.
And I said, there wasn't because the best players in the world were checking.
And when they're checking now you're screwed.
And it's like, you have to wait for that, you know, either the McDavid chance
he got in overtime or the Matthews Kachuk chance that, you know, like those were.
Even that chance they got in overtime that was on a flipped puck.
You know, it was like they were punting and, and McCarr whacked it.
And it just went on to and on Matthew stick.
And that was bang bang.
And that's how fast the game works.
It wasn't like, you know, there was a set play, but that's how good the players are.
Unreal.
So you mentioned that your first taste of it all was it was Team North America, the under 23
at the basically the last Worlds that they'd set up.
Yeah, so I was an assistant with that team
and it was incredible.
And the funny thing is half those guys
or three quarters of those guys were in that game.
Right, and yeah, so the question I wanted to ask,
how cool was it having the Spice or the Vets though?
Like having sit in there and seeing him rub off on the next wave of Canadian player.
Like that's fucking sick. Yeah.
Like, so there's been a lot of preparation for this, like a year in the making.
And, and during the year, like I've seen Sid twice during the year when we played him, I meet him after the games.
I got it when we went to Edmonton, I met with McDavid, I've met with McKay.
So like we were, I was fortunate to play a lot of these teams this year on.
We're guys I knew were making a team where it already been named as like the top six.
And so I had a little bit of communication with them, but nothing
unlike I was going to see when I went to a room on Super Bowl Sunday and all these guys are sitting around at them, you know, we're just all in a room
together and, and then to be in the locker room and have that first meeting and run that
first practice.
It's like, I don't know, it's kind of, it's a little surreal just because you've been
watching these guys your whole career.
And now every one of them's in your room and you're the guy barking
all the orders and so it was a huge huge honor and you know pretty fortunate it
turned out the way it did. I want to go back to Saturday in Montreal because we
had heard the day before that Matthew was like talking to some close
buddies like yeah I'm gonna try to kind of flip this game upside down and what we
had heard and I don't know.
Like, did you, did you know that was going to happen off the hop?
And more, more importantly, I want to ask, because you know, this guy better than ever.
Like I knew Brandon Hagel was a hell of a player.
That kid is nails too.
So like, what, what about the beginning of the game?
What about the lineup you sent out being the home team?
How did you figure stuff was going to happen?
If anything at all.
Yeah, there's a, well, first of all, I told them, I said, you, you should
get a marketing agent or somebody in Canada.
You're really hot right now.
But well, let's, first of all, let's just back up real quick.
We'd be remiss that not to, to say what it was like out in that at the very
beginning of the ceremony when Mario Lemieux walked out.
Oh, wow.
It was, I don't know if I'd heard an arena quite like that,
like to the point where they weren't going to stop cheering
until he was like waving sit over to like end this.
He was, you know, he's such a humble guy, but to me,
I thought, wow, this means something.
Then we, we scored that power play goal,
like within the first minute it was tick tack toe. And you're like, oh boy, like whatever, wow, this means something. Then we, we scored that power play goal, like within the first minute
and it was tic tac toe and you're like, oh boy, like whatever, like this is crazy.
So then that game goes to overtime and, and we, you know, we blew the lead.
Then Marner scores scores in overtime.
So the place is electric and, but everybody's waiting for the U S game.
So I'll be honest.
Okay.
So the lineup gets set out and I have faith in my guys.
I know, I know what Sorelli and, and, uh, and Hagel can do.
And so it was apparently whatever communication went down and my, I think
some might've went down at overtime or in overtime warmups, I'm sorry.
And then it carried on to like the opening face-offs.
So, but I didn't know any of this stuff, whatever was speculated about what those
guys were doing in the group chat.
I, I'd never heard of that.
You know, I talked to Hegel afterwards and he was like, there was zero way,
zero chant that was saying no zero.
And that he's got that in him, right?
He's like, it's just, he's when he does that type of thing, he's just that alpha
personality and it was, I couldn't believe it happened.
And then once that happened, it was like, okay, well, we kind of know what's
going to happen now and, you know, Bennett went out and stuck out for his teammates.
And how about Sam Bennett?
He missed the first game.
And that was his like one second in the first shift in the tournament.
He has to knock him with his Brady Kachuk.
And I'm like, holy cow.
I was like, wow, the stuff theseachuck and I'm like, holy cow.
I was like, wow, the stuff these guys do for the flag,
it's impressive.
So going into the coach's room though,
after that first period, like what are you and Toc saying?
What are you and the rest of the coaches saying
at that point?
Are you trying to be calm, cool and collected?
Or are you like, holy fuck,
I didn't know they were gonna come out and do that.
It was a little bit on the bench where,
well, I think Toc wanted to get in there,
to be honest. Oh, for sure. It was a little bit on the bench where, well, I think talk wanted to get in there. To be honest.
It was, he was chopping it to bit, but I was, uh, it was really, it was kind of a uniting moment for us anyway.
I can't speak for the U S but clearly it was for them as well.
So just because too, like those weren't seatbelt fights.
Those were all offense.
And every one of those could have knocked somebody out.
And they were so like, just, you could see the passion that all the guys that combatants had.
And, and I think it just, that elevated the game to something.
I don't think anybody had really, really expected and elevated the tournament.
That's what I was going to ask you.
Did you, when you have your first meeting with the team, do you obviously, you know, it's going to be high in skill, there's going to be plays being made,
but did you know that there was going to be that much forechecking, guys laying the body,
and then you get in the fights and stuff like that. Did you prepare your team for it?
To be honest, you know, that all that rhetoric about an All-Star game, like we knew it wasn't
going to be like that. There was way, like in speaking with all the
stars, again, I can't speak for the US team, but
I could, you know, obviously knew Genzel.
Everybody was pumped up for it.
Like there was, everybody was, we're going to
win this.
And I think for me, the big thing was the 10 year
gap in international hockey or 11 year gaps
since the 2014 Olympics.
And that was, you know, all those kids on that under 23 team had never put on the,
the American or Canadian Jersey before other than, you know, like world juniors.
And that was so long ago.
Plus they weren't in pro hockey then.
So, uh, I think it really meant something to him.
And I remember way back then, even when McDavid was playing for that.
Under 17 team, uh, and Matthews was playing for that under-17 team,
and Matthews was playing, or under-23 team,
Matthews was playing for that team,
everybody was saying, well, they're not playing for the U.S.,
so it's not the true U.S. team,
or it's not the true Canadian team,
because those guys would be on it.
And so now they finally got to be on it,
and they played with the passion
like they'd never been on one before.
You mentioned that it was almost a little overwhelming,
like coaching that team.
And we talked beforehand about like power play, for example,
where, you know, like McDavid wants to move it to Sid
and Sid wants to get it over to McKinnon.
McCarr might not want to shoot.
Like as a coach, too, coaching that many legends,
how difficult is that?
And then that kind of goes into like, you know,
you got to scratch Sam Bennett a game.
You got to scratch connect me a game like you're scratching guys who've never dealt with that before.
How do you deal with that as a coach?
And does it make it easier that you have one, two cups?
And it's like, all right, like I've done this at the highest level as well.
So that's a hard question for me to answer in the sense of.
Like, I know I've had, you know, won a couple of cups and, and been a
part of success, but that doesn't guarantee what's going to happen with
the group you have.
I think communication at the very outset and I kind of laid a lot of things out
there for players, um, that, Hey, like where we weren't here to ruin a vacation.
We weren't here to do anything for you guys other than for you to represent our country.
We tried to pick a team.
I think management did a fabulous job in this sense of picking a team and whether
guys played one minute, four minutes or 24 minutes, uh, everybody's going to be
waving the flag and would not to put anybody in a position where like feelings were going to get hurt or the air, they're going to
be ruffled.
And that came into a lot of the way we picked the team.
And so, you know, I'm going to give you a, I'll give you a Sam Bennett story.
Um, these guys are going to hate me for doing it, but so Sam Bennett, I'm going
to tell him he's, you know, the night before he's going to be out.
And I said, and I said the same thing, Sam, we didn't call you here to ruin your vacation and you'd be on a beach. You're a big part of this and you're gonna,
you're going to have a role in this tournament. I just don't know when,
but it's not going to be tonight. And he basically looked at me and said, coach,
he goes, stop. He goes, if you'd called me and said, coach, he was stopped.
He goes, if you'd called me and said from the outset, I wasn't going to play one game for this team, I still would have come.
And it was stuff like that.
I'm like, wow, I can see why Florida's had some success with that guy.
I didn't, that was kind of the attitude of all the players and you know, they would, it was,
you know, guys like Brad Marshawn to his, you know, plays in the big moments and
played in these big teams and he didn't get a ton of minutes in the game one.
And he was our loudest cheerleader.
And so you could tell like by the leadership and the way the guys were, and
we talked about it the very first night we got together was this
is how it was going to be.
And you guys have all, they'd all lived for this moment, but there's going to
be guys that get bigger moments than others, but everybody's going to be a part
of it and the way it turned out, that's exactly what happened and, uh, you know,
even connect, he got in a couple of games and, uh, did connect, he got in, you know, a couple of games and,
uh, did his thing, what we, what had to be done and, and all the guys, all the guys did everything, you know, for the, for the team. And that was probably the most rewarding thing about the whole
event. Well, so everybody was already bought in from the beginning, but after what happened on
that Saturday, like obviously it took on our new field.
Did you guys feel as a team you were playing
for more than just a hockey game at that point?
Like it really felt with where everything went to,
and we don't need to dive in too much of that,
that the fact that that many people were gonna be watching
and that like Canada desperately needed a W.
A moral W.
Your reaction, Coop, like your reaction was, I mean,
arms right up in the air. You could tell it was,
it was more than just a hockey game.
As crazy as it sounds.
You guys needed to get that done for Canada.
Yeah.
They were all watching.
It w there's no doubt.
And I think what kind of spurred that on a little bit was obviously what happened
Saturday night. Um, then we have the must game,
was must win game a day and a half later.
And now it's on and all the questions that, you know, on the Monday, Tuesday
were all about the U S game, but there was an extra day.
So now there's the Wednesday and now everybody's got to go back
and keep answering questions.
Well, now the questions weren't about hockey anymore.
Now it was all about the political side of things.
And for me, it's the double-edged sword because you don't want, you want this to be a game and that everybody cherishes and, you know, cheers for their team and doesn't make it bigger than it is, but it is
bigger than what it is.
And, and, and we can't turn a blind eye to the fact that, you know, there's
things been going on between the two countries and, you know, there was some
powerful people in both countries flexing at different times, some before
the game and some after the game.
And, but we didn't want to bring that into our locker room because I, for us, it was,
let's play this game for ourselves, our team, but also let's play it for everybody that
is sitting around having a coffee at Tim Hortons.
You know what I mean?
The people that are really sitting up there like cherishing our game and, and,
and we did, and it, it did take on a bigger feel than it actually was, but I
didn't want it to cloud our players minds and their focus and fortunately for us,
we won and you know, it really, I think, you think, hopefully helps the morale
of a lot of people that we care about. Fucking right.
Hey, a little Tim Hortons promo there too, fuck.
You might get the bag from Timmy's for that.
He's his own PR guy.
We have the coupe Timbits.
Him and Hagel are the same guy.
You can do it for Hagel too.
You guys could be a package deal for some Timbits.
Hey, move over Marshawn Crosby.
We got some new delivery guys. So, goaltending-, like going in, I think a lot of people guess joining
Bennington would be the guy, you know, he's a cup champ, but it wasn't as easy
as like USA, like a telebuck, right? And you go with him and maybe some
question marks, which with Canada, there's always going to be questions.
You know, you lose a game. It's like the world, the world's falling apart,
but you decided to
stick with him and then he does that.
He wins another just insanely incredible game in Boston to win a championship.
What's it like dealing with him?
Because we've interviewed him, confident guy, like believes in himself.
So I don't think you were ever worried about his confidence being shot, but how was it
dealing with Bennington and making the decision to ride with him? So this summer when I was accepting the job for this and the Olympics, he was the
goaltender of the world championships. So I flew out there and went to three of the games and he
played them all and he was great. And when he wasn't, he won the games I went to and then they
eventually, you know, they lost out in the medal round and stuff like that.
But the kid, I wanted to go meet him and see what he was like, his personality.
I actually spent, ended up spending a whole lot more time with his dad, uh,
watching playoff games at three in the morning.
It's first time I've ever been to a hockey tournament and never had anything to do.
So, uh, you know, we'd be watching playoff games late night with his dad.
But anyway, we, uh, so I got to dig, dig a little deep into his personality.
Plus, you know, Hagel played on that world championship, Nick Paul.
So I kind of, you know, a little feel for how he was.
Um, and so as the season was going on, you know, there was obviously the most scrutinized position on our team and
But you can't take the winner out of a winner and that's what he he was and so
You know, if it's it's it's been up and down I guess by his standards and his team standards since they won the Stanley Cup maybe
But I didn't think that was you know
Jordan Bennington, I think has played well during that time.
But in everybody he talked to, he had such a, like,
all he just kept hearing the words was gamer, gamer.
And sometimes I think, you know, he got sidetracked at times.
You know, he'd sometimes get into the rough stuff
and, or, you know, when he was in the games and stuff like that.
And he, that's not his personality.
The keys are extremely focused.
Even I think sometimes too hard on himself.
You know, he thinks he should stop every puck and you are discussions where just stop all
the ones you have to and just a couple you, you're not supposed to.
If you do that, we're, our team will take care of the rest.
And that's exactly what he did.
And he had, and you know what the crazy thing is?
I think.
So that 2019 Stanley Cup final was in TV Garden.
And I think it wasn't, it was like an onslaught in the first period.
Like shots were like 16, four.
And he- First like five, 10 minutes was like, he, he made about eight huge saves.
And the blues are up to nothing after one.
Right?
Anyway.
So I think the two ref or ease that ref that game rough, the final game.
No shit.
I'm glad I didn't know that beforehand because I would have not even watched over
time.
Yeah.
Anyway, I could be wrong and that would be a hack of a rumor if it's true.
That no, it's actually, that was the case.
From, from Saturday to the finals, the biggest thing for your team that I noticed was Kale
McCarr not being on the ice in that Saturday game.
What does like, he is so dynamic is, and you've, you've had the
honor of coaching some amazing D in Tampa and international and stuff, but is he
the best D you've ever seen?
I would have to sit here and say, that's probably a true statement.
And I think like, there's so many defensemen that are like neck and
neck in this league and, but he has a unique, he's generational.
So I think, you know, there's a few guys in this league and a couple of them that
put on American juries is one that would put one on if he wasn't hurt that, uh,
that are like, they're all in that same grouping.
And if I was coaching the U S team, maybe the answer would be a little different,
but in my opinion, he's, he's just generational.
Like, like Bobby or generational that, that type of, of, uh, of player.
And I got to see it firsthand when they knocked us out in 2022, uh, how good he was.
And, you know, what's probably even greater than that kid is his humility, man.
It's he just a, like a gent gentlemen.
Yeah.
You definitely want him on your side and, and, uh, you're right.
Th that was a big swing for us because they have McEvoy Saturday.
We don't have my car.
And then all of a sudden they don't have McAvoy and we get
McCarr back and so you don't want to in a razor thin game like that.
And you know, there was, that was probably some difference too.
You talk about generational talent when I was going to hop in and ask about
McDavid and having this moment and getting to be a part of that.
I mean, he's the, he's kind of like the next great one.
We haven't seen anyone really like him since Wayne.
So how was it, uh, you know, talking to him after the game and allowing
him to have his moment?
First of all, it's amazing.
Like the drive that they all, all the players have drive, it just
comes out in different ways, but like, you know, McKinnon and Sid and, and,
uh, McDavid, like they're really hockey savants, like they just, and they're,
they look after themselves
and do all these things, but you have the best players
in the world, like on the planet,
or for the most part are sitting in that game.
And still, like there's a player that's just like
way faster than everybody else.
Do you know what I, do you understand?
It's crazy.
Like how do you get the best?
I was with my wife. She's like, what the hell? She'm crazy. Like, how do you get the best with my wife?
She's like, what the hell? She's like, how?
I didn't know this. What? I'm like, I know. I tried telling you.
Yeah. And he still carries the puck the whole time when he's with it and like
makes these sick plays. Like how about like, what was the goalie scored?
The breakaway Saturday night. Oh my God. It was like out of a Chan and yeah.
And people were chirping McAvoy. It's like McAvoy looked like me.
Like he just makes everyone look like they're not playing in a different
league, like you're saying it's, it's insane.
I feel like McKinnon's right there.
Maybe not quite that fast.
If there's what there was a time and, uh, okay.
So Jacob Slaven is a hell of a player in this league.
Like fantastic.
There was a, it was in the third period, I think, I don't know if you
remember it was going down by the benches and McKinnon was chasing down a chipped
out puck and McKinnon closed a zone and a half on him before from top of the
circle to top of the circle.
And Slaven was like going as fast as he possibly could, he had everything going.
And he looked and he's like, Oh my God, this guy's gonna catch me.
And that was, you know, that's another moment of like, wow.
And that's no, trust me, that's not a knock on Slaven.
Like that would have caught any defenseman.
You know, that's how fast like some of these guys are.
And powerful too.
Like the way that McKinnon, like his stride
is just ferocious.
What about when McCarr was out and Harley gets the call?
Like the way that that kid played, like I was amazed. What about when Makar was out and Harley gets the call?
The way that that kid played, I was amazed.
I kind of got to see him more when Edmonton played Dallas in the conference finals last
year.
I was like, holy shit.
But for him to hop in and then play that good gold medal game, he goes back in with Morrissey
out.
What were your thoughts on him?
What did you tell him when he arrived to the rink?
He's waiting to try to get on the ice.
So my car gets off the ice.
He was kind of goofy with the rules, but what was your message to him at
the beginning when he arrived?
It's tough in those situations because he was on vacation and then I guess he
flew back to Dallas, got on the ice briefly and then flew right to Montreal.
And the benefit of some of this was the fact that we had Jim
Nill on our staff and Pete DeBoer.
So they knew and were like, can he do it?
And they're like, he can do it.
And, uh, you know, that your message in to, you know, mind to Harley was like,
Hey, you're not coming in here to save the tournament.
You're just coming in here to be a small piece of the puzzle and don't do
anything that you can't do.
Like we don't need you to be, you know, Superman.
We just need you to be Tom's Harley.
And he, uh, he, again, it was just, Hey, if I don't play, I don't play.
I don't care.
I just want to soak all this in and be a part of it.
And it turns out he has to play two unexpected games, you know, cause Morrissey
was like, there was some bug going around.
I felt awful for, for, uh, Josh because, you know, he's fine at night, the next or the
night before.
And then, you know, like the guys are violently puking and it happened to connect the early
in the tournament.
It happened to Hagel when we got after the tournament.
It's crazy.
Whatever was going around and it pre hits poor Josh the day in the game.
And he'd like, there was, I went and met with him and there was no way he could
play hockey and he was, you know, how upset he was and, you know, he felt like
he was letting the guys down and I'm like, that's the last thing you're doing.
We're here because of you.
And this is why, you know, we needed Harley.
And so it's just weird how some of these things work out, but, uh,
that just went to show like the passion the players have to play in this thing.
If, um, it was, it was really remarkable.
I just had one more.
It was, uh, who surprised you the most?
Like who did you go in?
Maybe not expecting much and you were blown away by.
Okay.
So I'm going to sit here and say, and this is not a blanket answer or anything like that.
I was waiting to say, okay, who's the guy that is the outcast?
Who's the guy I'm not really going to like?
Who's the guy I'm going to be a little disappointed in?
Who's going to be, because there's no way we're going to have 23 guys here.
You know, it's like the old saying it's, it's, uh, you know, look at the group of 23 guys,
look to your left and right, like look for the asshole left or right, like find the asshole
in the room.
If you don't see the asshole, well, that was probably you.
And it's like, you know, I'm, there's one of these players is going to be the guy.
And that was not the case.
Like I couldn't find a fault in any of them.
And they were so tied together.
So like every one of them was a great guy.
Every one of them, uh, and I can sniff them out if they're not.
And I think that was the biggest surprise for me.
Now, where there's some sneaky gems in there, like guys, I'm like, oh boy,
Where there's some sneaky gems in there, like guys and like, Oh boy, like funnier guys that, you know, you could tell was a little bit like the fun guys.
There's a couple of, I wouldn't say that, but anyways, whoever's from Winnipeg that
they're from, from Winnipeg, his friends after the game and there was five of them.
And they drove before the game.
They drove.
Did you mean, oh yeah. And that's without even knowing he was like, they basically were like, he they drove before the game. They drove. Did you mean? Oh yeah.
And that's without even knowing he like, they basically were like, he hadn't
played the game before they drove 30 hours knowing that he probably wasn't
going to play.
So I guess Seth told his buddies, Hey, listen, it's 85 chance.
I'm not playing in the final game.
So, and they're like, screw it.
We're coming.
That's unreal.
Coop.
We got last question presented by Rollback.
Use code CHICKLITS on rollback.com for generous 20
off your first purchase through the end of the week.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S on R-H-O-B-A-C-K.com.
20 off all hoodies, joggers, and more with code CHICKLITS.
My question to you, as amazing as-
All right, before you ask that, I'll throw it.
Oh!
How legit was that ad read?
What episode are we in right now?
I think it's episode 500 something.
Episode one or two, there was no way
you were having a ad read.
And now you're like rolling them off your tongue.
I was reading it.
Biz can't read, that's why he can't run out of the tool.
I can't read so they don't let me do them.
Coop, you think I'm kidding too, I can't do them.
We'd be here till the next, till the Winter Olympics doing that rowback
ad read. And that's actually my question is what was so cool about, you know,
you get named the coach of this and the coach of next year in Italy.
That preparation, I imagine, like kind of starts now.
I mean, obviously end of the year playoffs, but over the summer is it same thing.
Everyone's meeting, you're talking to guys like, where do you go from here to the, to the big one?
I mean, this was unreal, but it was kind of the appetizer as crazy as it sounds.
Yeah. The, uh, I think part of the strategy of probably both countries,
the benefit of having the same coach do both is that I'm now so farther ahead.
Then, you know, I am today, But now I have a relationship with the players.
Now we've won together.
They know what I'm about.
I know what they're about.
They know my expectations, our standards, how we do things.
And it's not just with the players.
It's with the video guys, the sister coaches, the travel services.
Like, cause there were hitches in that too, just because I'm so used to doing it,
you know, the way we do in Tampa.
Now you're getting used to a whole different, you know, different people,
different staff and, uh, but it, the one thing about hockey Canada, Scott Salmon,
um, they, it's like the extra 5.
They just know what they're doing and they're prepared for if there's a misstep, boom, they're
on it.
That's what I really appreciated about them in the years I've worked with them.
But you know, it's different.
It's different when you're used to your routine.
Like one of the funny things was, uh, Sid and a couple of guys were talking
about nobody knew where to go in warmups.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
He said that was the biggest discussion after the first warmups in
Sweden, it was like, I was so lost out there.
Everybody, you know, like, you know, cause you know how it is in games, everybody's, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I thought that was hilarious that, uh, yeah.
Their biggest obstacle in the tournament was what to do.
That could tear a team apart.
If you're fucking going on the silver arches or the golden arches,
excuse me, the other thing is too, is, is who's in charge of the music.
Who was the team DJ?
I don't know who the team DJ was,
but the guy that shut it on and off
when I came in the room was Pareko,
and there was no fade.
So then we had to have him talk about-
So he's not going to the Olympics.
About-
Well, I don't know, he showed up-
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, Paul.
Don't beat me up.
Good luck telling that behemoth to just fade the music.
Scout report.
Last thing.
What, what did you say before the championship game?
Was it quick?
Was it a little longer?
How did you approach the guys?
I don't know.
I'm sure it's going to come out.
Cause I was mic'd like 24 seven.
So that's awesome though.
It was, uh, I think there's a, I don't know.
I, somebody told me there's a show going to come out.
They, they have to do something because there was so much, uh, great footage.
We were, when I was mic'd all the games, all the practices, half the day.
And, uh, I, I'm pretty sure Sully was too.
And so, you know, during the game there's like three players, Mike,
then there should be some good stuff. Cause I think Doughty and Marshawn were Mike like half
the turn. Oh my God. Oh my, here we go. Jesus. Bye bye. MBA next stop. NFL. You're fucking done.
Well, coupe, we appreciate it, man. 25th all time and NHL wins the only guy on that list under a thousand games.
So, uh, we appreciate it, man.
Congrats.
It was, it was incredible drama, incredible TV and we appreciate your time, man.
Good luck the rest of the year.
Legend.
Thank you, coop.
Yeah.
Thank boy.
I hope, I hope the hockey people, whether you were a fan or not,
enjoyed that entire tournament.
And I know the game went over time.
So now it's a coin flip at that point, but hockey was the winner.
That's most important.
Guys, before we continue, I want to talk to you about better help.
Yes.
Better help can make a huge difference.
It can make a huge difference in your life.
I'm telling you that right now from somebody who's spoken to a therapist continues to try to speak to somebody
about just getting things off my mind, figuring out where you're at in life and where you
want to be. And we often hear about the red flags that we should avoid, but what if we
focused more on looking for green flags in friends and partners in life? If you're not
sure what they look like, therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy
yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship or just working on yourself as a
person, it's time to form relationships that love you back. Like I mentioned, talking to someone's
done amazing things for me at different times in my life. It's really good to be able to get things off your chest, to be able to talk open and
freely about how you feel and things that you need to do or can do to help your life
just feel a little bit more organized, a little bit better, and a little bit more like yourself.
BetterHelp is fully online, making therapy affordable and convenient.
It's serving over 5 million people worldwide right now. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range Guys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you about DraftKings. It's help.com slash chicklets for 10 off your first month.
Guys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you about DraftKings.
You got to make the crown yours.
That's what you can do with DraftKings.
The NHL season has been as predictable as a puck rolling on its edge.
No one knows where it's going.
No one knows what's going to happen.
And this final playoff push is going to be something that's out of this world.
And that means that there's time for you and your favorite team to figure things out.
And there's games left for you to get in the action at the DraftKings Sportsbook, an official
sports betting partner of the NHL.
The NHL, the fastest game on ice, the fastest game in the world.
And you can make fast live bets during any game on DraftKings Sportsbook. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple
like picking a team to win or picking your favorite player to score a goal.
I love picking goal scores. I follow the Merman, Matt Murley, EBR, everybody rides.
You could pick your favorite player to score. You could pick your favorite team to get a win
or you could pick your favorite team to maybe win by more than one goal. And then you get some nice odds
in there from DraftKings.
So go to the DraftKings Sportsbook app, select your team and place your first bet. And if
you're new to DraftKings, listen up right now. New customers bet 5 to get 150 in bonus
bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code CHICKLITS.
That's code CHICKLITS for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets instantly when you
bet just five bucks.
Only on DraftKings.
The crown is yours.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
In New York, call 877-8HOPENY or text HOPENY467369.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-777777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly. On behalf of Boothill Casino and Resort in Kansas, 21 and over, age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see
dkng.co.slash.audio.
resources see dkng.co.au audio.
Thank you so much to Coop. Very easy person to interview. Well spoken,
just makes us sound a little bit smarter, I think by the answers he gives, even though as we asked the questions, he's probably like, Jesus Christ,
these.
What's your favorite color? It's like the 10 minute rant about the history of
Canadian hockey.
How about him just wearing that, wearing the hat right in our face too,
with his Canada hat, jersey in the background.
Right in our face. I actually forgot about that, that after the interview ended,
we were just chatting with him a little bit about you're round with him at,
where was that?
The Goat Ranch.
It's called the Grove, the Goat Ranch.
And then went on to say he doesn't understand the big deal about like
People wanting to play Augusta National
So for a guy who's done a lot of sandbaggers and I thought appreciated the game of golf like I don't know
What planet you're on right now? I said that they designed the course
The Grove for me me and MJ. I had the best round of my life there
I just think that it might be a little bit easy
compared to other courses that might cost
that much to get on.
And then shifting over to Augusta,
I think the only true appeal to Augusta
is the fact that only certain people can play it and get in.
It's to say, there's probably way nicer golf courses
that you could get access to,
but because you have to be part of this cult.
There really isn't.
No, there's not.
I'm disgusted by your take on Augusta.
And I really can't believe that you-
You're telling me you wouldn't rather be on the beach,
at Pebble Beach?
No, it's a public course.
Anyone can play there.
That's the whole thing about Augusta is the-
That's my point, is saying that making it exclusive is the
only reason why you're like, Oh, I want it. No, dude, there isn't a blade of grass out
of like, they kill squirrels there. They kill squirrels there for their fucking perfect
little world they're living in. Buddy. They got some of the most famous like people want
to play these holes like more than any other course in the world. They, they got some of the most famous, people wanna play these holes more than
any other course in the world.
They got the 13th, the 12th.
I'd rather play Victoria Golf Club.
I'd go through the whole course, buddy.
Buddy, you're going up and down mountains
to get to the green.
The greens are, it's not about just the fact
that nobody can play Augusta.
It's the fact that it's one of the most amazing,
well-made, well-built, beautiful golf courses in the world.
It's not about the fact you can't just play it.
It's about you got dogleg par fives, legendary shots hit on it, you got water, you got all this stuff.
I do love a dogleg.
All these things, buddy.
I love a dogleg.
Yeah, I know you love a good old dogleg.
Horn's a dogleg.
Do you think I just solidified my place
in never playing Augusta?
Yeah, I'm kind of worried that we're not gonna get invited.
I think I was out when I read Larry David's text
about the course years ago,
but I mean, I just wanna keep going
and watching the Masters, forget playing it,
just going there and watching it.
If you went to the Masters and walked the course,
you'd be like, I get it.
I don't think he knows what the Masters is.
No.
Yeah, I do.
No, no, no.
He's like, oh yeah.
It's just another golf tournament.
You get the Claret jug when you win that, right?
It's just another golf tournament.
You're an idiot.
On to Alexander Oveskin, guys, who,
all time clip, speaking of golf,
when he got the hole in oneone like his second year in the league
I swear God I swear God YouTube OV hole-in-one. I swear God it went in
and so this guy like touched by the gods
when he was born I
Don't understand how he's doing this right now. I read a stat that he's on, if he hadn't gotten hurt,
his pace would be 59 goals, 92 points as a 39 year old.
He might, we talked about if it happens this year,
I don't think so, probably be next year,
like this might happen by April Fool's Day
on the rate he's on.
He buried a hat trick against the Oilers
with another empty netter on the hat trick.
I don't care at all, because he has so many goals. He's 12 away from tying, 13 away from breaking the record.
I just can't get over the fact that he's still doing it from the top of the left circle on a one tee.
20 years, 20 years the league can't figure it out. Everyone pre-scouts, everyone talks.
They're gonna send Knoblock down to Bakersfield
for not having him covered there.
I mean, Knoblock, you could send every coach in the league.
The man just became the first player in NHL history
to score 200 or more goals in three different decades.
He did it in the 2000s, the 2010s, and the 2020s.
And I just can't believe that he hasn't slowed down.
And what's crazy about this Washington team, boys,
I'm gonna throw it over you, Biz.
What's crazy is they didn't have a guy in the Four Nations.
They all went away.
They all recharged, they all relaxed,
they're all healthy, and they're back,
and they just truck-sticked the Penguins
and the Oilers over the weekend.
I think they all went to Dubai for the Ovi Tuna.
Just some Russian gas,
but this backup goalie, this whole, I mean, we've talked about it repeatedly,
how they're getting it done, right? Like strong having the season he's having
all these off season moves, Logan Thompson kicking, but I mean the only
guy who's in competition for the Vesna other than Hellebuck who's ahead of him.
Like, it's just been a remarkable run
and I just think it's been fueled by Ovi's gold chase,
the fact that every member of that team
is excited to be a part of hockey history,
the fact that he's such a kid at heart to begin with,
and Carberry somehow has the magic to bring it all together.
Like, Pierre-Luc Dubois having the year
that he's having coming over.
So it's just this magical run.
They come out of the break.
They don't skip a beat.
They're first in their division.
Like all systems go.
And this is a team boys who I think most of us
had missing playoffs.
Based on the fact of their underlying
under the hood numbers as Pasha likes to call them.
They had a minus 40 gold
differential last year like their their analytics were brutal and all signs said to oh they're
bringing six new guys in every guy they've brought in has worked and it's an awesome thing to see
and it's the perfect time as OV chases this record and you know I said at the beginning of the year
I hope that it was
saved for next year in order to pre-plan the festivities but I just
thinking with the timing of everything let's go baby this is gonna be an
awesome way to end the regular season and kickstart us into an unreal
playoff run so what a guy in a very cool moment for him to have his kid on the
glass to give the hairy knuckles after he ends up scoring that second goal the other night.
So a great ambassador for our game boys and another reason why we need the Russians in the Olympics.
I know. I just love the fact how like he scored nine million goals and how excited he still gets.
Like you said, he's still a kid at heart.
He's a kid at heart. At the end of the day, they're still playing a game out there. He's doing it
at the highest level for the last 20 years and it's remarkable to see it.
And like you said too, Whit, like he's doing it from the same exact spot every single time.
How many of the eight, what is it? He's got 882 or something right now?
Like what do you think? 350 of them or 300 of them?
Oh, I would have said 800 of them.
So if you took like a, like a 15 foot,
like radius of that spot where he's normally at.
Yeah. Like just, and a one tee.
I would say it's 15 feet.
I would say probably like 280 to 300 of the goals for sure are from that spot.
I saw a tweet that just said like goal one, goal two and like I was scrolling down for days.
I think I had to stop scrolling to record the bottom and it just puts into perspective like how many goals this guy scored and
I mean
He actually had a funny funny little moment. I don't know if it was against Pittsburgh or Edmonton,
he kind of whiffed on a one-timer,
looked like it was gonna be an easy goal for him,
like right on the post.
And then they show him on the bench,
he's like, what the fuck was that?
He's looking at his blade, what the fuck?
Like how did I, I don't miss there.
I never missed that shot.
And-
Imagine just retired after that.
Yeah, he's like, that's it.
And I think that to go back into Washington,
they've just had everyone really
pop off this year. And it was just great timing. But like, I mean, McMichael was kind of due to do
this. You figure he would catch his stride. Tom Wilson, I don't know if he'll ever score
this many goals again. I mean, he's got 26 goals right now. Say he finishes, what, 35, realistically?
Can he do that again? But
they've just done an amazing job of kind of retooling. They did get, I'd say like a little
lucky with LTIR stuff with Oshie and Backstrom, right? So that opened up room for them to bring
people in. But just how Logan Thompson's been, yeah, everything has come together. I wondered
and even said to the group, group like cup contender, I know
it sounds crazy as they're just running away with the East, but I think the more
I think about it maybe they really are. I mean they have Ryan
Leonard who will be on the third or second line when he leaves BC at the end
of the year. Like that's a guy who I say third line like he's gonna come in and
make an immediate impact so that's an addition they'll make,
and then you wonder if they'll go out at the deadline
and do anything, but sometimes with a team
that's doing this well and has come together like this,
you don't wanna ruffle too many feathers maybe.
Yeah, it's how about fucking Jacob Chickren?
I mean, he just got married over the break too,
comes back, I think he's had three goals since.
What has he got? 17 tucks.
This is a guy where didn't work out in Arizona.
He ends up getting shipped off, ends up going over to Ottawa. Uh,
for whatever reason, things didn't work out there.
And I want to say he's on the last year of his deal.
So this guy's got 17 goals. He might make fucking,
he might make a seven and a half, eight million, eight million bucks next year.
Yeah. It just truly, uh, you know, he's played, how many years do you think he's played?
Eight years now?
I would say around, right.
And just like figuring it out now.
And, and I mean, he's had good years.
He's had some injury stuff too, but like just figuring it out right now and
coming into a new team must be so nice.
Cause usually when you go to a new team, you're not, especially with, you know,
the team that has legends like that, you're not, you don't want to like step on
any toes or get in the way, but he has grabbed that job by the, by the horns
and, um, couldn't be more happy for him.
His dad was a, the radio guy here in Florida.
So got to know, know his dad a bit and, um, just seems like a great kid and
really happy for him the way
that he's been going this year.
He's the liver king, crazy guy.
He had 18 goals one year in Arizona, so obviously,
he's been able to score.
So he's always had an incredible shot.
I would describe it as this, and not an insult,
because he was so young and raw,
and sometimes when you don't have all these veterans
on a team, sometimes when you're drafted in an organization,
all of a sudden they're trying to rush to develop you. But he was playing like
the bumper on the power play and the term we use is all the tools, no toolbox, but he's
got the toolbox now where it's all coming together. And throughout that process of developing,
he had some major setbacks, man. I want to say he tore his ACL twice, might've even been
on the same knee. I think he dealt with shoulder surgery coming out of junior
where he played in Sarnia where he was a high end prospect,
which once again, I feel like he was kind of rushed
into the league and based on his size and just his physique
was expected to just like be a 30 year old season vet.
And as you said, Yans, it seems like he's really just come
into his own at the perfect time for Washington
Along with all these other guys and I just think with with the numbers that he's put up
He's one of the best stories on the team him Logan Thompson
Obviously Ovi a guy in Dillon strome where boys the Blackhawks didn't qualify him
They didn't qualify this guy. He's their first line center. You talk about protecting
Baudard. Imagine you had Dylan Strowman and Baudard second line center. You're getting
better matchups. You get to get nurtured along a little bit by a calm demeanored guy who's
able to make plays. Like come on man. Dylan Strowman is, I think I forget who it was who
said it on our pod. Like he just is able to slow the game down
much to the like Backstrom did with Ovi.
So it's just been a perfect fit.
All systems go and we continue to,
I think we talked about the videos coming out
of the locker room and how that means something.
The players even seeing it after it happened
after the game online, like Carberry's still still throwing out gems he looks like a young John Cooper with the
wins wisdom that he's dropping in the locker room after game so it's cool to
see all systems go for the OV gold chase and it couldn't be better for hockey I
wonder if if backstroms around because like you said strong looks like a he
looks like a mini backstrom out there so So I wonder if Backstrom's around the team and kind of like helping him.
They actually did a brain transplant. Um, they took Backstrom's brain out of his
body and they put it in Strum's. So that's good.
In Dubai. That was last break though. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It was pretty cool.
I heard about that. Um, Protoss too, this Alexi Protoss this kids a monster is 23 years old built in a lab in Dubai a
Complete mutant out on the ice and he's just taking another step. Yeah, Pierre de Bois bounce back
It's a really cool story
and if they somehow if the Rangers somehow sneak into the playoffs as the eighth seed and
The caps get them
in the first round, it would be a rematch
of last year's first round, and the complete opposite,
where Washington was one of the worst teams
to ever make the playoffs, and got truck-sticked,
it could just flip itself right on top.
Right over each other.
Go ahead.
I got a question.
Who do you think is the biggest fraud squad
of these three teams?
the Winnipeg Jets
the Washington Capitals or the Carolina Hurricanes
who's Who's the one one of those teams who's?
Who's the biggest fraud and and who who's not gonna win around?
Carolina's gonna get Jersey
and who's not gonna win a round? Carolina's gonna get Jersey.
Oh man, Halilbuck's been so good,
even though the playoffs have been a struggle
for him last year, year before.
Shit, I think Washington in my mind.
You think they're the biggest of those three
of the squad?
Well, it depends, you know what?
Yeah.
You know what, that leads us into our next topic,
and I hate to rush away.
No, don't, don't.
Great segue.
But it leads us into the Carolina Hurricanes.
And it leads us into Meekle Rottenen.
And what is going on here, folks?
So apparently, over the four nations,
Carolina management met with Rottenen's agents face to face,
and they made a big time offer.
Elliott reported that it was a 100 million offer.
Ooh! Right? They are the only team who can
give him eight years. They're the only team who can give him eight years. He has not performed
anything close to the Colorado Mico Ranthana. 100 million dollars they offer him, and now it's come
to the point where if he doesn't accept, do they trade him again?
Does he get dealt again at the deadline?
I think you kind of have to.
You gave up Netches.
You can't just lose him for nothing.
It happened last year with Gensel where I believe they weren't where Gensel needed them
to be contract wise and he moves on.
He signed to Tampa.
Now you can't risk it happening again.
Can you?
I think that if you get left holding the bag on that one,
they are the biggest fools in the National Hockey League.
I had Carolina Hurricanes fans willing to give up
their first born child to protect this guy,
saying, oh, he's going to sign here.
Have you not looked at our cap space?
You know, did you see the money we have available next year?
He's staying.
He hadn't even played fucking two games
for the organization they were saying that.
And then all of a sudden his numbers don't look like
they looked like when he was playing with Nathan McKinnon
down the road.
And Kyle McCarr.
Right down the road.
Right down the road.
In the South, it's a South theme.
Yeah.
In the Southern, in the Southern hemisphere.
Boys, I don't think that Rodman's resigning in Carolina
and they have to train him.
And I pretty much,
I signed, sealed, and delivered it two podcasts ago.
I've been saying this since they made the fucking trade.
And you know what's even crazier? They gave away N natures and look at how he looks in Colorado and guess what?
Guess what Carolina Hurricanes fan you remember when you guys love those fucking bargains
He's making six and a half this year and six and a half next year. Could you imagine?
Them holding the bag on rotten and he leaves and they don have Natchez, they don't have Gensel,
they don't have Rodinan, goodbye all the picks
and whatever else you gave up.
That is mismanagement of your assets.
If they don't get him signed,
they look like fools if they keep him.
Well, fools!
But it's also them, Biz, you can't,
they're trying to win a cop, like,
I understand, like, if they keep him
and he doesn't resign, that is tough.
But it's also like the fans are like, we're going for it again.
You're going to give away your best prospect,
making 6 and 1 half million dollars even for next year
to gamble a cup run for this season?
Like, I don't know.
What do you think, Yans?
You're smarter than me. I just would. The only thing I'm wondering is if they do trade him right now again,
what are you going to get for it? Like is it because you're going to have to trade him to a team that's
you know, making a run for it. And are they willing to give you going to get a couple first rounders?
Are you going to get a prospect? Like it's it's I think at the end of the day, if they do trade them, it's
going to look bad on them.
They're not going to, it's going to look like they gave me just a second round.
They would, they would eat some of it.
Cause I think that some of it's already been eaten where all of a sudden a team
can add Miko Ratnan at the deadline for like two, three million on the books.
I think that that's very appealing.
That's very appealing to a team like the Toronto Maple Leafs maybe.
I don't know.
If I'm them, I would be kicking tires on that.
I'd be ready to maybe walk away from one of their prospect goaltenders.
You know where he's going if he gets traded?
Back to Colorado?
No.
Florida?
I could picture myself on the couch with Yoshi behind me on deadline day.
Oh yeah. And the Vegas gold knights have traded for Mikko Rontanen with Jay Theodore on LTIR.
And I'm an idiot because you can't go back to your team. It has to be at least over a year and a day.
Oh really? Yeah, you can't go back to your old team. Like you can't get traded back to your team has to be at least over a year and a day. Oh, yeah.
You can't go back to your old team.
Like you can't get traded back to your old organization unless it's a year and a
day, unless of course it's a re signing.
Like he would have to resign in the summertime, but I could see Vegas pulling a
fucking horseshoe out of their ass.
I actually saw Kelly McCrimmon in the lobby today at the JW Marriott.
So he's cooking up some no good news.
They big game hunt, dude.
And but but I understand like Rotten's point of view.
There's kind of two sides to it, one being his like.
All right, this is kind of the rest of my career.
Eight year deal.
I've been here for four minutes, like, and that's why he said I need more time.
But it's like and people were like well
It's so much more money because he's only gonna get seven years from whoever when he's a ufa
And you know seven times 14 is 98 million and they gave him at least a hundred well
It's like at that point who gives a shit. There's there's really no difference
But I get it like it's probably a really difficult time for him being being like, I don't know, I don't know if I want to be here.
I haven't been here long enough.
It might be even easier if he came in
and was just lighting it up right away
and really enjoyed where he was maybe living
or renting a place for the rest of the season.
But it is just a tough situation to be in.
And then also, I guess there's zero worry
from the Hurricanes perspective
of what he's kind of played like since he arrived, right?
Like they obviously were willing to offer him this deal,
so they don't care, they don't mind the lack of production.
Do you think maybe he's saying no,
knowing that he has so much leverage
at the fact they make this big move?
That's their first offer.
You think he could take them to the cleaners
for 13 and a half, 14.
You think that maybe the agent goes back with that.
That changes things about the amount of time you live somewhere, right? If they're giving you to the max number.
I think, I think Colorado played this beautifully.
And I think he's going to be crawling back to them this summer and say, give me
seven, just please let me play with Nate and Kale.
Give me six and a half.
What a move that would be by Colorado.
Could you imagine?
I think this guy could have solved all his own problems
by walking in that office.
I bet you, I guarantee you they would have given him
at 12 million.
Eight years, 12 million.
And let me ask you this,
would you rather play with Nate in Colorado
and be there and living in that environment at 12, rather than, I'm not saying Raleigh is a bad place to live.
Guys love playing there.
Guys love playing there.
Right, but look up the state tax.
It might actually be the same amount of fucking money, but it all has to do with the fact
that you were going to get to play with the, like two of the biggest generational talents
that we've seen in a long time.
Nathan McKinnon, who's basically Connor McDavid and Kale McCarr, who I've talked to the smartest
hockey minds in the world.
They say he's Bobby Orr.
What are you doing?
We just talked to him too.
Sometimes life's a little easier and a little funner when you know,
you're coming to the rink every day and you get to play with the two best
players in the, or two of the best players in the world.
And you know,
you're going to be scoring every other game at worst or, you know, it's like,
and you don't have to be the guy or the second guy.
It's a crazy story though.
And you're making 12 million.
If he ends up being traded,
I never could remember a time when that's happened before,
when a big time UFA to be was dealt
and then dealt again before the deadline.
It was like, Carolina made their move.
And now all of a sudden, now after this discussion,
he's probably gonna sign Thursday.
We just pretty much, we just made it happen.
Congrats Carolina.
You just went over the wire, you got 13.
So to go back to my question though,
who's the biggest fraud squad of those three teams?
What's your final answer?
Carolina. I'm actually saying Carolina.
I'm going Winnipeg.
You don't think they're getting out of the first round?
I think they could get out of the first round,
but those other teams are in the East
and the East is just harder, I think.
You think the East is a harder conference in the West?
Yeah.
WIT?
I think Gans might be smoking crack.
I think, I think.
Were you hanging out with Terry Ryan last night?
That might be crazy.
Who will be the eighth seed?
Who will be the eighth seed? Who will be the eight seed?
Who?
It'll be, so what's kind of crazy is
there's five teams fighting for the two wild cards.
It's the Rangers, the Islanders, the Bruins,
and the two teams currently sitting there,
Detroit and Ottawa, okay?
I meant the West, sorry.
The West?
The West, it'll be,
Calgary might end up, Calgary might catch Vancouver.
Calgary, Vancouver, and now Colorado has moved up too much.
Colorado's making it for sure.
They're fighting for one spot.
It's Calgary, Vancouver, and Utah is kind of in the mix.
I think they're that next team down.
So that was before the pod when I looked.
I'd rather play Vancouver,
I'd rather play Vancouver than the Rangers, even though the Rangers
don't look great right now.
But it's.
Well, what about, would you rather play Vancouver or would you rather play Ottawa?
Ottawa ain't getting in.
I think Ottawa was getting in.
I think Brady, when he comes back is going to be a man child after those
four nations games.
I think they're getting in.
To the, like the West and the East.
Like I think there's five teams in But to go back to the West and the East,
I think there's five teams in the West
that could win a Stanley Cup.
I don't think that many teams in the East
could win a Stanley Cup.
Like you think that Vegas could win a Stanley Cup.
Why are you saying that?
No, I was about to count.
Oh, okay.
Right now looking at the West,
I don't think Winnipeg will win the Cup,
so I don't count them.
Dallas can win the Cup. I don't think The Wild can win the win the Cup, so I don't count them. Dallas can win the Cup.
I don't think The Wild can win the Cup.
Vegas can win the Cup.
Edmonton can win the Cup.
I don't think LA can win the Cup.
I don't think Colorado or Vancouver can either.
So that's two teams in the West.
You don't think Colorado can win a Stanley Cup?
This year, no.
And then in the East, if I want to go over to the East, I think Toronto could win the
Cup. I think Florida could win the Cup.
I think Florida could win the Cup.
Tampa, I don't think they could.
Washington, I don't think they could.
Carolina, I don't think they could.
Devils, I don't think they could.
Wings, I don't think they could.
Senators, I don't think they could.
And also Winnipeg.
So I just, I think I got five possible Cup winners there.
And Winnipeg's the best team in the West, so I would personally throw them as a team
in the West that could. You'd have to, to just show them respect
based on the standings.
It's the hardest conference and they're leading it.
Just because you don't trust them doesn't mean
I don't have to trust them.
You gotta put Washington in there too.
Just because you don't trust them doesn't mean
I don't have to trust them.
If last year Winnipeg hadn't looked like that
in the first round, so many things can change year to year.
If Winnipeg last year lost in the second round
in a great, it was just the way they lost last year.
It just is like, I'm just like, ah, I can't, ah, I don't know.
So personally, I put Colorado and Winnipeg
in the Western conversation, so that's five teams
for me out West.
I would say that there's maybe three teams
in the East that could win it.
I will redo my possible cup champs.
I will redo it after the deadline, and it may change.
I think I just had five teams who can win the Stanley Cup.
I have a really, really bad feeling
that Dallas might win the Stanley Cup this year,
because that means that the Oilers will not.
Dallas has this just special season quietly going on,
but that kind of leads us to a defenseman talking about
trade deadline who made it clear to the press, the media, that he wants out and
that's Seth Jones in Chicago. I don't really know what's gonna happen here. I
don't know if this is something that would have to happen in the summer. He
makes a lot of money, he has a full no move clause, but he said that he's kind of
looking to at this point in his career, move
on and be on a contender.
Biz, do you think he ends up getting traded this season?
What do you think about him coming out as a guy?
Foligno's been there and hasn't asked for a trade.
What's the word I'm looking for?
Do you kind of disrespect that move at all, or is it just like that's the word I'm looking for? Do you kind of like disrespect that move at
all or is it just like that's the business where like I want to be in a
contender and I'm coming out with them to the media to kind of announce that?
I would assume that like the Blackhawks are aware that he's not a long-term
solution to have success with the Chicago Blackhawks. I view Seth Jones as a guy who signed that deal
at the perfect time and was rewarded on pass play
to get that number.
I basically compare it to the Darnell Nurse deal.
It's a lot of money for a guy who's gonna provide
what he will provide on a Stanley Cup winning team.
Do I think that Seth Jones could be a three to number four on a Stanley Cup team?
Sure. Yeah, I think that four is probably a nice slot for him.
I also feel that he's playing a lot better this year than he did last year. I felt like last year
he just like really had a tough time. I feel like his puck skills look more improved. I feel like he's moving better.
I don't know if that's injury related. So
look more improved, I feel like he's moving better. I don't know if that's injury related.
So, from my understanding is the Blackhawks
ate one of their eating salary burns
on the rotting thing.
Like they were rewarded a third rounder for that.
You only get so many of those salary retentions,
you get three of them.
So, I would assume that this would be a good package
coming back by burning one of those
and then getting Seth Jones at half of what his value is.
Because that's the most that a team could cut,
it could eat his salad.
But it's five years of doing,
it's five years of eating half of it.
It's a lot, yeah.
Yes, but I think that him having better line matchups and him where the cap is going, I
don't think that that 5 million is a lot for what Seth Jones could provide.
I don't.
No, I'm not talking about the team who gets them.
I'm talking about Chicago for five years having that on there.
Now, with the cap going up, it's not as big of a deal, but it's still like, oh, I don't
want to be eating half this deal.
Well, that's why, that's why you're looking probably at a hefty, hefty your return. So
you would have to provide like something back, like a good prospect in return and obviously
picks that are going to benefit them for carrying it that long. Um, I don't, I don't think that if Chicago is really starting to perform well in like three to four years
that a five million dollar eat or four and a half or whatever the number is, is going
to be the make or break on all this.
I don't.
I don't.
Because I would imagine at that time if winning is that important, they'd be getting a guy
who's a team who's eating half of his contract.
Like that happens quite a bit, right?
Most of the time it's a team looking to win a Stanley Cup
who's getting a guy at half of his value.
So it's just gonna happen back and then you get it back.
And by then, man, having a D-man like Seth Jones
making five million is gonna be like three million
on the books in four or five years, maybe less.
So it's just like, it's a, I would hope
that he's able to move on and then Chicago's able
to get a little bit faster in their rebuild.
I don't know what the poshes of the world,
the under the hood people would say,
but like if he was on the second pair for the Oilers,
I would absolutely love it.
Like I don't know if people are like,
you're fucking crazy, can't move like he used. Like, I don't know if people are like,
you're fucking crazy, can't move like you used to,
but I don't know, I just think of his size
and moving the puck out of the zone to elite forwards.
Like, maybe I haven't seen him play enough.
I also look at it, like Eric Karlsson,
like how Eric Karlsson looked on the Swedish national team,
he didn't look at a place.
He looked at a place at the beginning of the year,
maybe partly due to injury,
but also when you're not playing with as good of players,
it really takes the wind out of good player sales sometimes
where it just like doesn't work.
So I feel like him on a good team with competent players,
I feel like not only are those analytics
and all that other stuff gonna improve,
but he's gonna be playing more at his value.
So.
I agree with all that.
And I think too, what you said,
you had mentioned him and Foligno kind of being
the veteran guys there,
but I think they're kind of in different spots
in their career.
Like Nick, cause Nick's a little older
and I kind of respect the move of him kind of letting them
know and you know, wanting to be out and,
you know, you realize how much you want to win, right?
Like he had, was he on that cup run in Nashville
when they lost to Pittsburgh?
Yeah.
That's like he.
I think they might've moved off from him at that time.
That's a great question, dude.
PK was there.
PK and Weber were there.
No, he wasn't.
Oh no, he, sorry, excuse me, it was PK.
I think that was the year he was in Columbus.
I think that was the first year he was in Columbus.
You know what needs to happen to Seth Jones?
The same thing that happened to Oliver Ekman Larson.
Oliver Ekman Larson was making eight and change in Phoenix
and he was kind of on an island.
Then he goes up to Canada, so he's under the microscope.
He's a big body, who's a good skater,
went to a new team with a new coach.
He got to fit right in where he belongs.
And I think all one of us could agree
that Oliver Ekman-Larsen is at least
a four and a half million dollar defenseman.
I think that's a perfect number for him.
And Seth Jones needs to find a little bit more
of the snarl back to his game.
I don't really remember whether he had it
at the beginning of his career,
but he had those offensive years
where all of a sudden
It's like now it's like yeah, you're not really gonna put up those big numbers
You need to add other things and use your size and be valuable to us there. Yeah, that's a great call
Elliott Friedman also mentioned that I guess there's discussion and teams are looking to try to bring both Brayden and Luke Shen in
I have no idea like the ins and outs the way Elliott does
on what will happen there, but he kind of mentioned
like maybe Florida I think possibly
with Kachuk being injured.
Now Paul Maurice came out, there was like reports
that Kachuk could be out the rest of the year.
He came out and said that he's playing for us this year.
So it looked like a minor groin pole or something,
like the way he kind of turned for that puck Saturday night in Montreal
in the first game against Canada and then tried to go on Thursday, couldn't really do it.
And now it's like, well, he's out for the foreseeable future.
But the way Maurice said today, I don't think he's on like LTI or the rest of the year or anything.
I just think it would be awesome if some team were able to bring in both Shens.
I mean, they're both Stanley Cup champs. They've both done it. They're both physical. They're both
pricks. Perfect playoff type players. You got Luke Shen as your, you know, sixth defense would probably.
Brayden Shen could be a first-liner. He could be a third-liner. It's like he can go anywhere,
but it would just be cool. I wonder if that's, you know, has something to do with seeing the
Kachucks play together. It's like, I want to get a couple brothers together.
And they're both mutants too. Tough as shit.
So I don't know what will happen there, but it would be a pretty cool story to see those guys reunited.
Yeah.
With that, boys, I think it's time to send it over to one of the Bash brothers himself.
Former BU Terrier. One year, quick little stint, quick little stint, but he was a Terrier,
and now he's a star for the Ottawa Senators and Team USA, Brady Kachuk.
Guys, it's Witt and I want to talk to you about Rocket Money. The start of a new year is the
perfect time to get organized, set goals, and prioritize what matters most. For me,
a top priority is my financial wellness, which feels more important than ever.
Rocket Money makes it simple to see where you're wasting money.
Nobody wants to waste money.
Nobody wants to be spending money they don't need to spend.
Rocket Money makes it so simple for you to get rid of things that you're paying for that
you no longer need or no longer use.
Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions,
monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills
so you can grow your savings.
Rocket Money's dashboard gives you a clear view
of your expense across all of your accounts.
Easily create a personalized budget with custom categories
to help keep your spending on track.
See your monthly spending trends in each category
to know exactly where your money is going. I'm telling you, this app is so simple. I actually used it before
they even became a sponsor. You get on there, you give them all your banking info, and you're
able to see exactly what you're spending money on and what things you're spending money on
that you don't even use anymore. It's so easy to use. It's easy to be a part of. And I'm
telling you, it'll save you money and save you time.
Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in cancelled
subscriptions saving members up to 740 a year when using all of the app's premium features.
Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money.
Go to rocketmoney.com slash chiclets today.
That's rocketmoney.com slash chiclets. Rocketmoney.com slash chiclets today. That's rocketmoney.com slash chiclets rocketmoney.com slash chiclets
And
now
the man the myth the legend
Former BU terrier current Ottawa senators captain and star of team USA Brady Kachuk. What's going on, dude?
How's the emotion? How are the emotions right now?
How's the body?
Body's not feeling too great.
And I miss, I miss it.
I mean, it was the best experience ever and such a great group of guys and it's
making a year, a year from now going to be a lot more fun.
That's what I kind of took away is, and we, we, we had John Cooper on, uh, earlier
in the episode, he talked about how great it was for them that, that now everyone knows each other.
A lot of guys did prior, but now it's like, we're just getting back together.
There won't really be a ton of changes on both sides.
I don't think obviously a few here and there, but it's more about the group and,
and what you guys kind of built over this, you know, 10 days going into next
year's Olympics, right?
I mean, it was perfect.
A perfect start with the Superbowl Sunday just kind of got all that, uh, you know, 10 days going into next year's Olympics, right? I mean, it was perfect. A perfect start with Superbowl Sunday just kind of got all that, uh, you know,
I guess not knowing each other out of the way and just have had a great night with
each other and it was all about the squares and cheering guys on and just
loving the old bad beats at the end.
So I think they kind of got us together right away and, and just, I mean, the
buying that I experienced and just to see the
professionalism and then the genuine care for, uh, to win, not just for the
group, but, you know, representing the country and doing everything that
we possibly can and, and, uh, of course, the whole term, it just, uh, blew
kind of everybody's expectations out of the water, even the players.
I think every player can admit that it was better than they ever could have jumped off.
And that's a credit to the NHL, the NHLPA and what a great job they did.
It starts at the top, Billy G.
He had that 96 run at the World Cup.
What was his message to you guys going into the tournament?
Because I feel like you guys were very, very galvanized group, even just heading in.
And I know we're going to get to all that chaos on the Saturday at the bell center.
But what was the message going into the tournament?
Well, he was just saying that, um, no, back to the 96, it's just a talent that
we have as a group is, you know, the best talent that I think has ever kind of come
through us, the Hawkein that's staying some cause there's been so many us
amazing born players and
You're saying no collectively and and you got no awesome Matthews hellbuck
Eigel
Matthew all in the same room on the same team like that's a pretty awesome team and and just all he said is just go out there
And enjoy it enjoy the experience go out there and enjoy it, enjoy the experience,
go out there and he knew kind of how we were built.
He, you know, he built a team that we're going to do whatever it takes to win.
And, and, uh, I mean, I didn't go through everybody in that locker.
Everybody is so much fun to be around and, and, uh, you know, coaches, staff,
it was just such a great group.
And did you guys, I mean, cause obviously going in, like no one knew what this
tournament was, it's a kind of a made up tournament.
Um, you know, obviously when you're putting on that, that red, white and blue,
it means a little bit more, but did you guys know it was there?
Like the first practice you were like, okay, this is going to be the real deal.
We're going to be finishing checks and playing like you do like for 86, 82 games
a year.
Oh, it was, it was funny.
Cause, um, after our first meeting, Sully put up our lines on the board and it was me, Miller and Boldy.
And this is after a fun day, the day before the boys and we looked at each other and we're like, well, we know what kind of line we're going to be the next week and a half.
So as the North South meat potatoes, we're hitting everything. So we were kind of joking around.
And then when I got to Finland, they're like, well, here we go.
We're going to be, uh, we're going to be the kind of the tone center.
So I think we got out there a couple of shifts and me and those do the whole week.
We're talking about like, we might have three F ones that want that our first shift.
We're just going to all try to run that defense.
And then it ended up happening.
Me and Millsy I saw him saw he was in front of me
I'm like I pulled away from this one, too
So we both just hit the same guy and there's just it was hilarious
And you and Matthew finally get the chance to play together
that was like such a cool storyline coming in being an American fan and
All of a sudden you get put on the same line like you saw that that line with Boldy and Miller
You're just excited to be there
But when Sullivan or how did he tell you and when he told you, what were your emotions
that like, we're going to be together on the same unit?
It was like, I think it was a little bit before halfway in the second.
And I remember it was just, there's a couple penalties.
So we're just kind of sitting there because, you know, we're not PK specialists ourselves.
So we're just kind of sitting there, get the old legs saved up.
And I remember he said, all right, uh, Brady, I call Matthew.
And honestly, like it didn't clue in at that point.
I'm like, okay, I'm gonna play one shift.
We're going to check the box and then, uh, we're going to just go back to our
lines and we had a good shift.
I think we almost, we're almost scored and we had a scrum in front.
And then the next time I go, same line, Matthew and Brady, I'm like, okay, well.
We might be playing together the rest of the game here.
So let's take advantage of it and use that opportunity.
And we did.
And I mean, it was just after the fact, I still don't like think we like kind of
grass was going on until, you know, we saw our family and this is like, oh, that was,
that was pretty cool.
Cause I think we expected it to be one shift, maybe two,
but then to play the rest of the game
and has some really good chemistry was pretty awesome.
Had you ever played with Ike's before?
Like did you guys, were you guys together at BU?
No, I missed him by a couple of years.
But yeah, no, that was my first time
playing with a lot of guys.
And just weird joke and math and I,, we feel bad for whoever is going to have
to be in the middle of us with all the scrums and shit that we're going to do.
But honestly, I think we are fired up to be playing with Ike's and then the finals
played a couple shifts with Austin and, uh, just to like all the players in this
league, they're just seeing them up close and personal is like you guys are way better than I've even
Like let me play against you. I think you guys are unbelievable
But playing with you guys you guys are best in the world
I think you gain more of an appreciation for guys like that when you when you see them doing it every shift
Rather than like focusing playing against them. Like that's what I found anyway throughout my shitty career
But play out those are those are just two all world guys.
And you almost forget how good they are defensively
because they're so good offensively, maybe more so Matthews,
but where Eichel, you know, you saw him through that cup run,
but Austin just really developed that side of his game too.
Oh yeah.
There are two, like that's where like I was not shocked with, but like, like to
your point, they were so good defensively blocking shots, like just good, like
always in the right spot and they're both just such great skaters.
And I remember Austin's backtrack.
I think it was the end of the second in Montreal and I was like, all right,
like this, like this is going to win us the game.
And, and, um, cause I think he just backtracking like coin or something.
I'm like to catch him or, and, um, he was flying it.
And, uh, but what I like most about him was like their leadership.
Like there's such like there, no wonder why, you know, Austin's a captain now,
but I go as a captain and, and, um, there's such great leaders, such great pros.
And honestly, I learned so much from the whole group and the leadership aspect and how guys are dialed in.
And it was such a talkative vocal group in the locker room, too.
Just everybody was speaking up and some serious.
And of course, you expect two of those shenanigans were in that room to keep things light.
But now it was just such a special group.
So saying that, would there be anything you took away from that tournament that
you would bring back to the Ottawa locker room, as far as like a leadership
quality, like not to say you're going to change as a person and how you lead, but
would there be anything that you took back from that?
I mean, I learned so much and honestly, like, I think it did change a little bit
of me and, and just the way I kind of.
Few things.
And, and of course I haven't played in any playoff games, but to play in those
games, I feel like it gains such an experience and how big those games were
that just, just to see the calmness and the resiliency and guys and just no
matter what the game was, no, I think the three out of four games we went in the first goal.
Like that didn't matter.
Like that didn't matter to guys.
And, and, uh, I really, that kind of caught my eye and, and just like, they had so much confidence in themselves, but in the team that now we just, we're, we're tough team to beat when we just play our game. And I really took a lot from just the mindset,
not the false positivity, but just the belief
in the positivity for each other and the trust.
That's what I found to be a big one.
The way the game grew, there's been so many people that,
Brady and Matthew should get a check from the NHL,
like 10 million each. It was a part of like you guys doing what you did in that game in
Montreal. But what I, what I was interested was, was there was kind of like a,
like a quote board or something that went a little viral on Instagram or it was
your dad. And it was just like what he told you as kids, it was two things.
It was compete and it was be a good teammate.
And like looking back, do you remember him kind of always reminding you of those
things and obviously he'd give you tips offensively and things like that.
But was that the message constantly from him?
Ever since I can remember, that's all he said.
Like I could care less about points or I care less about, um, all these things
that come with, I guess, success or failure that, but all he said every single time is all I care about
compete and be a good teammate.
And he still says that he's like, at the end of the day, if you're in a slump,
just go out there, compete and be a good teammate.
Cause then that goes to the next guy.
That goes to the next guy.
And that's how you build a winning team.
And for Matthew, I think that's what he brought to Florida.
That mindset of just go out there and compete, be a good teammate.
And that's how steering cup winners get made.
And also to get to do that with like with, with your brother and your
dad and experience that all together, you know, he's passing the torch on to you guys.
But throughout that tournament, I felt like he was involved media wise.
And I mean, you guys are basically WWE superstars with
the amount of traction that you guys gain on not only planning the fight going
through with the fight talking about planning the fight and then obviously
getting your dad on like the pregame interview with Matthew on the ice so just
like I guess talk about how cool that was to experience that with your old man
along with everything else he's handed down to you. Well I think I saw Big Wall
twice I like he laughed after every game he was like after the Finland games they And along with everything else he's handed down to you. Well, I think I saw big wall twice.
I like, he laughed after every game.
He was like, after the Finland games, they I'm already at the hotel bar.
I'm like, you can't, you can't say I do this after the games.
And he's like, Oh, I'll see you tomorrow.
I saw you.
Yeah.
And, um, you know, and it's, it's fought like, obviously he was more quiet at the
start, I think at the end, they it just kind of recognized like how crazy that these
games turn out to be and how many people tuned in and supported.
And, uh, I mean, I think it's special because no, I think that 96 world cup, uh,
change USA hockey and, and kind of open the door for more players in our generation.
And, uh, um, and then this tournament, it kind of, I feel like it opened the door
again for the next generation and really grew the game.
I think that's what made Matthew and I, even my dad so proud and, and, uh, that
we left the game and, you know, the game is in a better place now than it was a
couple of weeks ago.
And, and, uh, I, that what that's what makes us so excited and happy that, uh, we
know, welcome new fans to the game and the game that we love.
I don't know if it was on the pod or I was talking to some buddies at home where
it was like, are you born the way that you guys play or is it something that's
kind of put into you and like, you know, it's not easy.
Like we've talked a lot about like everyone you play against hates you.
You have to be in the middle of every scrum.
Like do you remember him telling you like if you maybe had a game where you were softer
or Matthew or was it always like, that's the way that you two played?
You know what I'm kind of getting at?
Yeah, no, I, I a hundred percent get it.
I think, uh, I think there's been times like growing up where we're just kind of going
out there and even like, I think it was this year, the way I play it, he's like, Hey,
don't forget you're not as you're not a skilled player.
You're a power forward.
Cause I think I was like, just try to make moves and, and, uh, you know,
dangle out there, but no, I just think.
Like that's for me, I think that's the reason why I am.
Cause Matthew was of course a year and a half, two years older than me and just would kick my ass every
single day and anything that we did and just had to scratch and crawl to compete
with them because he was no bigger, stronger, faster than me and whatever we
were doing.
So, uh, I think that's just kind of like how we are, you know, builders that we
pushed each other so much and a lot of those times ended in fights or battles and just kind of how it ended up,
uh, ended up going.
So, uh, I think of course that my dad probably, no, worked his magic too, and, and kind of
tried to get, stir in the pot a little bit and get us going and get us all riled up so we can,
uh, get that side of us out.
But, uh, yeah, I don't know if like you're born with it.
I think I just, I know I was heavily influenced by Matthew and just how hard
he was on me, but I'm very happy you did that.
Was your mom like Chantelle, like when she's at the house, cause obviously
your dad's gone playing, like, is she refereeing in the basement or she just
like, let, let these two goons figure it out down there and when they come up, they'll have a hot meal on the, on the table.
Oh yeah.
I think she was like, you know what?
I'm just going to maybe turn the blind eye and just make them a nice little
dinner and, and just be there right in the middle of anything needs to happen
to break it up.
So, um, you know what, now thinking about it, cause you're right.
My mom was, no, at the start. My dad wasn't around.
I think she's a glue guy.
Yeah.
She, she's the glue guy.
She kept things together for sure.
But I think she just turned a blind eye when we were playing menu sticks and just
dealt with the repercussions that we came up just losing our shit.
Keith gets home.
You're like, you're in a headlock.
He's like, Hey guys, what's up guys?
How you doing?
Good day to you.
It's been eight days of this.
Brady, uh, we got to talk about text gate.
Okay. So a lot of people, when all that went down, probably assumed it was because of the booze to the anthem.
You guys are so riled up. Well, after the game, we find out that you guys had been texting back and forth.
Now, was this the full team group chat or was this just you Matthew and JT basically like
we're gonna flip the bell center upside down because word had gotten out that
that was gonna happen so on the streets we were kind of aware of something crazy
was gonna go down not exactly what ended up taking place so walk us through the
text how it all went down in your eyes and and the rest well Matt and I were
talking like if we have this opportunity that like, how
sick would it be to like do something like this was months ago, like if we're
both on the same team, like in Montreal, like how sick would that be?
So that kind of just like, we're joking around about it.
And then the start of the tournament, obviously we got to know Millsy and he
was a no awesome guy and, uh, we we just kind of joke around like, oh, we gotta do something nuts.
And just, we had like the Montreal in Montreal or were the villains.
And, and then we go down for a nap.
And I just remember I was about to fall asleep.
Matthew was about to fall asleep.
And all of a sudden our phones.
Pop up and, uh, Millsy texts, like, is this, like, are
we serious about starting tonight?
Cause that's what we're joking about.
Like all three of us starting, we're going right away.
And he's like, are we serious?
And then I kind of, I think that's, and I FaceTime like, uh, we gotta, we gotta keep
this going and, uh, yeah, we're just talking about it and then, uh, get to the game.
I still think like, all right, maybe it's not going to happen where we've been
joking around about it and then find out legit four minute mark going onto the
ice for like the, the anthem that who they're starting and then Matthew is like,
all right, I got my guy.
And then he told, pulled me aside.
Like after you're on the bench, grab Benny and then Mills he's got Praco cause I guess he asked him and warm up.
So, um, I'm not going to lie to you.
I was so nervous because I was nervous for Matthew's flight.
Cause I'm like, okay, center ice.
I can't have you getting your ass kicked.
Like that's going to get in.
It was going nuts.
I know I was, I don't, I was trying to like give him like advice, like, okay, go over, go under.
But all I could say is like, yeah, like I was so nervous before then like that
happened, I was like, I might, I might not be able to wait to the whistle.
Like I just have to like go right now.
I'm so fired up.
And, um, and then went to the bench, asked Benny and it was pretty funny.
Benny is like, yeah, like looks back at coop is like, I'm going and coop's
like, just nodded his head.
I'm like, here we go.
And you and, you and Benny, like, I remember you being down here during
the playoff run last year, like, I'm sure you guys are buddies and like, it's
like to go out and do that is it was amazing what you guys did.
Not on the ice eh, Brady?
Yeah, it's all business.
It's business.
Fucking right.
But yeah, I met him in Calgary and Florida and it's pretty funny that Matthew just
knelt back with him in Florida.
So I was like, Hey, has he said anything about it?
Like, he's like, no, we just been showing him.
Like, all right, sweet.
So you skated over to Canada's bench and you were like,
hey, Benny, let's go.
And he just-
Yeah, I was like, Benny, like, let's go.
We're up next.
We're up next in the cards.
It's unreal.
That's unreal.
JT was so fired up, he gave himself an uppercut.
I don't know if you saw that video,
he punched himself in the head.
That clip was shown, a nice old bucket popper.
And then did you, the coolest part, one sec, the coolest thing was getting the miked up
moment from the penalty box.
I'm guessing when you saw it, you probably don't even remember it, right?
The adrenaline and the high fives, Matthew's banging the glass, but it was so classic.
Like Matthew's like, how was mine?
How was mine?
Like looking back, he just wanted his brother's approval about his tilt.
Huh?
It's like we're little kids.
It's just like, Oh, how is that?
That was so cool.
Like, and it was just what I thought was crazy.
Like that might dub, like not a word was set.
Like I didn't say a word.
I'm like, did I turn mute for like a hot sec?
Like, or like, I just couldn't believe it.
And then we get in the box.
Well, I think a highlight was the dab up.
I, I, I'm going to send that every couple of days to Matthew.
We've been sending it back and forth.
Like, this is the highlight of the term.
It was the dab up.
Oh, that's such an iconic moment.
The glass was like, it was so sweet.
Yeah.
An iconic moment in American hockey history.
Um, I asked Coop kind of the same thing.
Who did you leave there being the most impressed by where you were like, wow, I knew he was
good, but holy shit.
I feel like some of your DMAD had all world tournaments.
Slaven was incredible.
McAvoy, how physically he was on McDavid.
I don't know who you thought was like, just exceeded your expectations.
I mean that, like that can fit so many guys, but I think the first guy like Slav, Slaven, he was,
I mean, I've always played against him, like this guy knocks down every puck, like such a good stick
and just hard, he's fast, he's big, but then I play with him. I'm like, he's like such an underrated defenseman that like just good
teammate, good guy, just an unbelievable player.
And I think he, I came out of that.
Like this guy is a really top, top tier defender and there's
never fun to play against.
Take me through the team and the madness leading into the final game.
The news breaks.
Quinn Hughes is coming.
Oh, I don't know if he can come like, cause we're following along on Twitter with the
insiders and I was like celebrating and then it's like, oh, he can't play unless somebody
else is injured.
So were you guys kind of as like in the dark as everyone else was?
Well, I actually FaceTime Quinn.
Um, kind of like when he was figuring it out, when people like Quinn might come,
Quinn might not come in.
Um, I think, yeah, he, I think he was all about coming.
Um, but I just don't think he got cleared by Vancouver to play.
So a little shady business to begin with there.
We all know who they were cheering for.
So, um, yeah, but, uh, you know what?
I think that just opens the gate for the excitement that this
whole tournament was special.
And now we're one shot away and still didn't have one of the best
defensemen in the NHL, if not the best with Quammen.
Um, so yeah, it creates a lot of excitement for this year.
Do you think next year with the, and I know wits talked about it a lot with
it being like the IIHF rules.
Do you think that'll change your guys's game a little bit?
Cause you know, you throw a big hit, you could get, you get thrown out or is
it a five minute penalty, whatever?
Yeah, no, I, cause that's actually something that I know I've talked about
that, uh, after the facts, like, yeah, I mean, it's just so different,
the, uh, officiating the, the rules.
I think they're talking about making it NHL rules, like not like the
in the crease stuff, the, the faceoffs are a little bit different in IHF,
but to make it NHL rules, I think that'd be great.
I mean, I think you should just have the same rules as the best league in the world.
And just that didn't really ever make sense to me.
But, uh, yeah, no, I mean, you definitely can't be going square,
squaring off center ice.
That's for sure.
And, and, uh, Milan, which, uh, I think people be the, the non-hockey fans are
just getting introduced will be a little disappointed when they find out that
Gary should tell them if you want our players, fucking our rules, bitch.
If you did that, You'd be in jail.
We're dropping a cage in the middle of the fucking ice.
Hopefully they got bossed on the way out if they're taking us to jail.
Yeah.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see it.
I mean, that would be great if they changed the rules.
And, but I honestly, with our team like, I think, of course, like
there's no dirty players and dirty plays, but like we just play so hard that.
Like, I don't think it would change anything.
Cause he just play responsible, play the right way.
I mean, I feel like it could be in trouble with, with after the whistle
stuff from Matthew and I to get a couple of extra probably minutes, but we'll
they'll have to be a pick and choose one.
So speaking of the marketing aspect of all this and how you guys are going to rake in millions,
would you guys be open to doing like some wrestling merchandise? Maybe the BBLs,
the bash brother lunatics with you, Walt and Matthew. Like, like, like maybe you got the,
the wrestling thongs on with the knee pads or the scary mugs on you.
What a crazy comma.
Just that's the word he could think of is lunatic.
And like, he wasn't like, he's almost like, yeah, they're crazy.
It's like, we all saw you play wall.
Yeah, I love it.
Just a nice deflect.
I all I don't know where they got that from as like you're the biggest lunatic of them all.
I guess we had to yes, figure out a couple of things that take advantage of it.
Have you embraced the brass brother comparison going back to mighty ducks?
I'm sure you watched growing up.
Like you talk about USA hockey and impacts that certain things had on
American hockey, that was one of them.
And how does it feel to be called the bash brothers?
Like that's gotta be unreal.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, you grew up just loving those movies and, uh, you know what?
It's, it's a compliment.
I get it to us.
And, and, uh, I mean, it's, it's nice.
I think it's, it's pretty cool for people to kind of think that's awesome.
And, uh, I've seen the memes of just our heads on those guys and just going nuts.
So it's, I think people enjoyed it.
And yeah, I guess we, we embraced it for the, the week and a half there.
So Matthew tried giving it a go.
Obviously it sucked, right?
He's not out there.
Macklemore, you mentioned all the people missing, um, just like too painful for him.
Huh?
He, he had the first period and just, he had nothing in the tank.
Yeah.
I mean, you guys know, like he battles, you know, like his sternum,
he battles through anything, but I think he realized that, you know,
like just show me a great players there.
He's like, I'm just doing the team a disservice if I'm at 40, 50.
I don't even think it was that high cause he was, he was really
hurting and still hurt. And so, um, I just hope he's not out like too long and he can get back for playoffs,
but I guess we'll see.
But, um, yeah, no, I just, I know he battles, but I knew his mindset is like, it's different
because these guys are the best players in our country, best players in the world that
now he trusted everybody to get the job done for him. So, um, but yeah, no, I know he was as disappointed as, as anybody that he
couldn't, you know, finish it off.
And what sucks is it happened off two of my bad passes towards them.
So that's, I'm like, Hey, sorry, buddy.
I didn't put on your tape twice.
Dad told me I'm not a skill guy.
I know.
I just, I mean, why did you call for it?
I just got to shoot kids in the nut.
Yeah, especially near the blue paint.
No doubt.
I was going to segue over to Sens Nation.
They're fucking nuts.
They were going crazy on us earlier in the season
because one of these donkeys started a rumor
that you were going to get dealt.
None of us.
None of us.
I think it was our producer, Mikey Grinelli, so fuck him.
You guys are rolling right now. You guys look good.
A lot of guys healthy.
You talked about that preparation from the four nations
leading in for playoff hockey.
How are you feeling about the rest of the season here?
And if you guys sneak in,
what do you think your guys chances are
on going a little run?
I mean, I think I'm the most confident person in our team.
I mean, I just look at our team when healthy, when no playing the way we
should need to play like in a best of seven series, I just like, I have a
tough time seeing how, how they can handle the way we play for best of seven.
And, uh, I just think we can play multiple different games.
We can play that skill rush game where we could play the heavy and hard game.
So, I mean, I guess we can play the heavy and hard game.
So, I mean, I guess we'll have to wait and see.
I'm very confident in our group.
I really do think that if we do what we need to do
and just get in that mindset of every game
is a game seven mindset, just focus on that game
and I think we'll be successful.
We interviewed the Pinto Parley earlier this year.
That guy's beautiful, huh? How many times he laughed his own joke?
Just sits there after every sentence and he's just laughing I'm like what on earth was funny about that
But oh he still gets it about the old parlays. Oh
Yeah
He's just positive vibes always though. He seems like the best teammate, best guy to be around.
And he's not single now, but he'd be a hell of a wingman.
Yeah.
We've seen some times where he was in a single days and now it's, he's a great guy.
I guess.
A lot of signs for him in the crowd.
That's all I could say about it.
It's just, yeah, he's a good looking guy.
But the best teammate, just such a, such a good
teammate.
Do you think if you guys are able to get into playoffs, then maybe
Jeru can stop getting his car stolen.
I had no idea you got his car stolen twice.
Oh, except there's this all over Twitter.
Yeah.
The boys are texting me, Hey, gee, you get your car stolen?
I, oh, I couldn't tell.
Yeah. It's really good. This guy like, you get your car stolen. I, oh, I couldn't tell. Yeah.
It's really good.
This guy like either lock your car or buy a garage.
The guy's from there.
And he's got this like, was a Range Rover like defender or something like that.
And it's just like this, I'm not going to say a shit box, but like, it's just,
it's just like, eventually you're gonna have to maybe lock it.
I think like, or it's going to happen a third time.
And I, I have a bad feel, not a bad, I shouldn't even wish that upon
him.
Is, is, uh, is this something where he's just leaving it in his driveway?
Oh yeah.
I I've like been, I was, I think right after his second car got stolen, I was
a chauffeur and just got the cars in the driveway and, and
he's on the hood.
Yeah. I'm just like, okay, like you got a garage right there What's in the garage and you say oh, there's gotta be nothing in the garage. Hey buddy in camp this year
September 16th your birthday. You got the greatest present imaginable you you guys welcome to Sun, right?
Your wife and named him Ryder, great name, great name.
How crazy is that?
You guys share a birthday and how's fatherhood been?
Fatherhood's been awesome.
We had the, he's just getting so big
and like just even like being gone for a little bit
and coming back, it's just, it's so much fun.
And you guys, like you guys know,'s like, there's no kind of worries.
It's kind of gained an appreciation of what really matters most.
And that's family.
And that's just, you know, being a good dad, being a good husband and, and, uh,
no, all the other shit during a game, the positive negatives, it's all temporary.
And you know, what matters most is family, but, uh but he's just getting so big, so much fun.
You know, it's realize who the real troopers are and, and, um, you know, the wives do a great job.
And, and, uh, now I just get to come home, be the fun, happy dad.
And, and, uh, I get to see this kid just grow up to hopefully be a mutant.
You're putting him to bed.
He's putting him to bed, Keith.
He's like, compete, be a good teammate.
Oh, just like what the fuck?
Hey, suckers.
Lullaby.
Just hey, he's got his onesie over his head.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, it's going to come out of the children's book.
He's going to have a best selling children's book.
He's still not going to be in the Hall of Fame.
So Brady, since Keith has joined the show,
we've now kind of switched things over to,
Sandbaggers are three on three scrambles.
And you and Walt and Matthew versus us three,
can we count on you guys maybe?
I know we tried talking about a couple summers ago,
but I see this matchup as just an all-timer.
Yeah, no, we're definitely going to have to get this going because it's.
Yes.
It would be a special time.
You don't think I'm going to be dropping the mitts off the first two, you fucks
right in front of their club.
I was stepping the tone.
You'll get shanked by one of the kachaks mid fight.
Just hit you at the driver.
Brady's the number one golf guy like has a saying for every single shot.
It's unbelievable.
If it's like leaking a little bit of like, Oh, look at that Joe leaky.
Like just it's, it's, it's nonstop with this guy.
Yeah.
A little tuggy weight.
Yeah.
It's nonstop.
It's so fun.
You know, there's a lot of tuggies in my game.
A lot of tugs.
Are you a lefty like hockey?
Yeah. Lefty and just, it's a struggle.
If we're scrambling, we're not taking many of my balls.
We're definitely not taking big walls.
Well then you better bring the sayings.
We just need you for content purposes.
We gotta make some putts then.
Buddy, this has been awesome.
We appreciate it so much.
It'd be awesome to see you in the playoffs, man. I think the whole hockey world would love to see that and the
City of Ottawa would be excited. You got a new coach and we're wishing you the best of
luck. We really appreciate you coming on dude. Yeah thank you. I'm definitely
addicted to the feeling of those big games so. No doubt. You were born for them.
Oh yeah so we'll have to get us there and I appreciate the support guys. That
was fun watching you guys reactions and how much you cared about that term.
And, uh, now it means a lot to have that support and biz you on this one
and we'll see about next year.
Brady.
It's I think we all won this one.
The game of hockey is in a great place.
Thank you to what you boys did.
And even though we won, man, your guy, you guys elevating it and getting the
numbers up is what's truly important. And, uh guy you guys elevating it and get the numbers up
It is what's truly important and you guys are doing a hell of a job. You guys will make playoffs
I think I'm on the sends nation train right now. I love that. I would love to see you guys will be my fifth team
And if you meet the Leafs in the first round, we're not buddies anymore. Yeah. No, I understand
I've seen I've seen the old Bonnie Blue stuff. She's not pregnant, Piz. I know she lied to me about being pregnant.
Oh yeah. She's toying with my emotions. She wants more commitment. Thanks guys.
Good luck. Thank you. See you brother. See you.
Good luck. Thank you. See you, brother.
See you.
Thank you so much to Brady Kuchuk.
Good luck to the Ottawa Centers and himself down the stretch run.
Quick Hits Boys presented by Dove Men's Plus Care.
Finally, there's a scrub design for men's needs.
Add the new Dove Men's Plus Care body and face scrubs to your shower routines you use in the shower, bath, or at your sink.
Apply to wet skin, rinse clean, and follow with your favorite DoveMen Plus Care Body Wash or Cleansing Bar.
If you want to try DoveMen Plus Care, find it at Walmart today.
And just know, if your house does not have Dove, Keith Yandle will not be staying.
He's out. You got to have Dove for him to make an appearance in your crib.
So DoveMen Plus care at Walmart right now boys very exciting news for our Canadian listeners
I am beyond fired up for Thursday night. That will be what is that the 27th?
27th Thursday night February 27th. That's this Thursday
Amazon hockey boys myself biz nasty and
Amazon Hockey Boys, myself, Biz Nasty, and Keith.
Coast to coast, baby. Will be with Andy Petrillo on Coast to Coast
Amazon Hockey, I can't wait for this.
You guys had done it together with Andy earlier the year.
You brought me into the mix, thank you to both of you.
I can't wait, I talked to Doug today,
I believe he's the head producer of the show.
And I think it's gonna be great.
So everyone, I believe we go on air right around seven,
we'll be getting off, he told me,
right around midnight, so five hours.
He made a great, he kind of described it to me perfect,
it's like a red zone combined with a Manning cast
a little bit, and I know you two have done it,
but anyone in Canada, please tune in to Amazon Thursday night,
you'll be able to watch us three,
I think five Canadian teams are playing that night as well. So what was
your experience? So Andy's unreal, great host, great driver. So she really kept us
on the rails. Sometimes we do go off the rails, which is fun. I felt like the
first half of it is very high energy because you're jumping over to more
games that are being played on the East and there's a lot going on. And then more in the back half, you get a little bit more
long winded answers. You're snapping around more, more storytelling. So it was a perfect
blend of like, you know, come on in hot hockey hockey hockey, snapping it all over red zone
style to then more. It switches to the manning cast on like the back half. And we kind of,
I think we only had one real late game.
It's more fun when you still have like at least a few
going late night in the mix,
just so you're not having to be so long winded.
And if you got not enough stories,
it kind of just doesn't suck up the broadcast.
So, Jans, how did you like it?
I think it's great.
I think we need to get it to the US too.
We got to, you know, if we were able to do that,
or I think it would be amazing.
But the, it's just high energy.
A lot of it too, what is like,
you kind of let the game do the talking where you kind of,
you take a step back and you're not really saying too much.
So you're enjoying a lot of the game and then, you know,
gets quick hit thrown to you and you,
you kind of go off something and you know,
Biz will do something crazy, but it's a blast.
And it's like you said, five hours or whatever of non-stop.
Like you don't even have time to go to the bathroom.
It's, you are in that chair and you are watching hockey.
Yeah.
Well, we got Thursday night, we got 12 games.
I look at it, some of the big matchups, blue jackets,
red wings, I know neither team's Canadian,
but that's a huge game for the Wildcard in the East.
Flames Lightning should be very good. We got Blues Capitals, Oilers Panthers in a rematch of last year's Cup Final. Oh, we got Blackhawks, Golden Knights. Golden Knights are going to work them
that game. Jets Predators, so plenty of action that night. I'm very excited. Back to Secaucus,
boys. For years I did this pod from that residence in Cicaucus after having a nice lobster over a red lobster
No, I really didn't get a lobster red lobster, but I can't wait
So everyone in Canada, please tune in Thursday night
If you have Amazon coast to coast with Andy Patril us three goons
Speaking of Amazon Seth Jarvis was announced as the second guy who will be on season two of Amazon, Seth Jarvis was announced as the second guy who will be on season two of Amazon
Face Off covering the NHL season. I think Brady Kachuk was the first one, correct me
if I'm wrong G.
Yep.
Perfect guy to pick. I mean, Koop mentioned type of guy he is. We've interviewed him before.
Very entertaining. So I saw a little clip of maybe like what they covered him. He's on a jet ski.
Of course he's a jet ski guy.
That makes total sense to me.
That he just rips around his jet ski in the summer.
So I can't wait to see more of him on that.
Yeah, I think he's perfect for that.
I forgot he was 23 years old.
They mentioned it during the personality on this kid.
It's a beautiful, beautiful thing to see
and just great for the game.
And obviously a hell of a player too.
So yeah, that'll be a must watched, uh, must watch TV for sure.
It's awesome.
Isn't he, isn't he known for taking his naps?
Like, isn't he a big nap guy?
No, I mean, it looks like he takes a lot of naps.
It looks like he's the type of guy who could fall asleep anywhere.
Yeah.
I thought that was his big, like a loud mall, just on the bench in the mall.
You're a guy who could fall asleep anywhere.
Me?
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, I guess that's when I finally get settled down.
You can shutter with the best of them.
Well, I sleep on planes.
Yeah, car rides.
Car rides.
How about my flight yesterday?
I sit down, I got the overnight flight, order a glass of scotch, double on the rocks, go to take a first sip, spill it all over me.
I stink like booze the entire flight.
I was so mad at myself.
You just fumble fucked it that bad on the way to your mouth?
It was such a bad
Yeah, I don't know. I like grab the top of it and it just slipped
It was not a good look for you boy scotch scotch scotch
I want to know more about posh fucking you on the meme coins. Yeah, I mean this guy he's something else
Let me tell you we get to Montreal and he's like this meme coin junkie
It's all he's been talking about ask Dave when he's dropping dropping a coin. Ask Porter when he's dropping a coin. Dude, shut up.
Enough. But finally I'm like, all right, you're telling me I can make a thousand X my money. Like what a ridiculous statement.
Anyone ever tells you you can make a thousand X on your money? Just run. Just run. Run for the hills. Leave your phone. Don't ever talk to the person again. So he sets me up with this phantom wallet.
I have no clue what I'm doing.
I bought Ethereum.
I actually bought, I remember,
it was like January or February of 2018,
because Ryder was like a newborn.
He was born November 28th, 2017.
My brother Colin came over,
who's like kind of been into Bitcoin for a while.
Like he was on the Bitcoin train then,
and he was like, hey, you should buy some of this Bitcoin.
You should buy some of this Bitcoin.
I'm like, I don't know.
I was like, all right, fine.
At the time, I remember a Bitcoin was like,
I want to say it was like 12,000 or like 13,000.
And when I went to, I think I had say 10 grand or 11 grand.
I was like, all right, I'll put this in.
And I couldn't get one full Bitcoin.
So whatever the price was, I was like, all right, I'll put this in. And I couldn't get one full Bitcoin. So whatever the price was, I was like 1,000 or 1,500 left being able to buy one Bitcoin.
He's like, no, you don't need to buy a full one. Having eight tenths of a Bitcoin is fine. I was
like, no, no, no, I need one. I don't want a piece of it. I want one. So he's like, all right, fine.
You're not listening to me. He's like I'm telling you you're making mistake
But by aetherium by aetherium. I'm like all right dude at one point
It was like 47 grand
I think and then it was down so you're so you're 10 grand or whatever it was had now reached
47 grand at one point it was like right around there like high up maybe 42
But it was in the 40s. I remember and then currently it was like 33,000 or right around there. I'm very close
I'm not exact on these numbers and I'm like Pasha. Yeah, I fear a phantom wallet crypto me going
Whoa, I was like, all right, dude, just show me what to do and I moved over whatever the 32 33 grand into the
Phantom wallet and then okay. I'm ready to go. He's like you got to be ready to fire
You got to be ready to fire. You got to be ready to fire. You got to be ready to fire.
And I'm pulling into the Canton sportsplex and my phone rings.
Hey, he dropped his coin. He dropped his coin.
He dropped it. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
So I'm like, I run it.
I get riders skates on. I'll be right out there.
And I'm FaceTime with this asshole and I have my screen share on.
So we're FaceTiming
but he's looking at my screen, he's telling me what to do, press this button, buy this,
sell this, transfer this.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Boom.
I get this greed.
It's a greed coin.
Like so mad at him I could scream right now.
But I got my greed coin.
I get on the ice.
Like they've already started the line skater.
I'm like, sorry boys, I had to use the bathroom.
Meanwhile, I was trading meme coins from some asshole named Pasha who taught me how to do it the king buddy
I I get off the ice. I
pull up my phantom
I got 800 bucks
Buddy the 50 minute practice. I was six minutes late.
That's an expensive practice.
I texted Pasha.
I said, you're the best.
I don't even know if I have to.
I said, you can go fuck yourself, buddy.
He's like, I lost money too.
I love the, what's he doing?
What's Dave doing?
It's crashing.
It's crashing.
I'm reading all these texts.
I was like, I had my Ethereum dude.
It had been sitting in there for eight years.
I was like, I'm going to go fuck myself.
I'm going to go fuck myself. I'm going to go fuck myself. I'm going to go fuck myself. I'm crashing. It's crashing. I'm reading all these texts
I was like I had my aetherium dude. It had been sitting in there for eight years slowly building slowly building slowly
Let's look under the aetherium. Let's look under the aetherium. No, no, come on down. It's worth a billion
I'm gonna put on this concert on like a deserted island with like jaw roll
If you want to give me like 30 grand, you can come.
Fire Fest, Greed Fest. It's Greed Fest.
Greed Fest.
And Pasha's performing.
And I'm throwing tomatoes at him the whole time.
Can we get Pasha on?
Pasha's the biggest mush in the history.
All time.
Bring him on. Pasha got me thrown out of the Staples Center.
First of all, I want to clarify one thing.
I'm not a meme coin junkie.
This is the first meme coin I've ever invested in.
How many times have we talked about meme coins?
I thought I was getting a TED talk.
I thought I was getting a TED talk on meme coins.
Of course, Biz ends up on top again.
He's like, Pasha, cut the shit.
This is all fake.
Nothing's real.
You're going to lose all your money. Biz knew. Biz was the head of the game. This is all fake. Nothing's real. You're gonna lose all your money
Biz knew Biz was ahead of the game
No, no, no
Well one thing we got to suffer right is like proper crypto like Bitcoin Ethereum
Which I'm a bunch of and I'm very long-term bullish on the stuff you had me sell the stuff you had me sell
And and this shit which is falling gambling which way you knew was gambling like you're acting like I had a gun to your head
But you knew it's your own role. which you knew was gambling. Like you're acting like I had a gun to your head. Like you knew it was a rescue.
Yo, bro, I knew it was gambling.
I didn't think I'd come off from doing a two on one drill
with a seven year old and have no money left.
I don't know what's worse, your stock advice
or your quality of sound right now on the podcast.
I know, this guy, this guy.
So then he texts me, he said something else to me
the next morning.
Oh, you know what he writes?
You know what he writes? It was my birthday the next morning. Oh, you know what he writes? You know what he writes?
It was my birthday the next day. He sold his mic. He writes
Awkward time, but happy birthday wit dog. I said fuck you buddy. I don't need a happy birthday from you. Oh
Get this guy off
Thanks his team stinks. He stinks. He got you a couple scratch tickets to make it up.
You gotta get lucky and win it back though.
Hey, he should, what's the bet that you have with him?
Isn't it, don't you guys have a big bet?
I'm not talking about it yet, I'm not talking about it.
We'll talk about it later.
We'll talk about it, no I'm not.
I'm not, I'm not.
The bet we can talk about, I bet him 500 bucks that the Rangers make the playoffs.
That's one of the bets, but there's another bigger one.
He ain't getting paid on that if you lose.
Like, come on.
No, he shouldn't.
He's getting paid on nothing.
Lost me.
Lost me at Toyota Corolla.
How about him saying a part of his whole game?
He had a new disclaimer up instead of the delusional
Devils fan, it's gonna be don't take stock advice
from fucking Pasha. Quick hits, the Winnipeg Jets signed forward Vladislav
Nomestikov to a two-year contract extension worth three million dollars
per season he was scheduled to be an unrestricted free agent this summer
that's Biz's favorite player I don't know Keith if you remember Biz went on
the Sportsnet trade deadline special show and announced his move of the day
as Vladimir Nomestikov going to Colorado and I believe he ended up lighting it up.
You won on that one, too.
So that's a quick quick hit. I have nothing else on that.
Biz, do you know why there's a Pasha Bankman Fried to have any saying on that?
Is that you say the guy's name?
The F.T.X. guy.
That guy's girl was unreal.
Unbelievable.
The Vancouver Canucks signed goaltender Kevin Lanken
into a five-year contract extension
worth 4.5 million per season.
Good for him.
Yeah, came out of nowhere.
And Dempco, I feel so bad for Dempco.
He just cannot stay healthy.
I don't know if he'll be there next year.
I don't know what they'll do with goaltending
But I think it's kind of smart because four point five is the cap goes up isn't crazy
You then you have two really good goalies, but Lankton has been awesome
I mean Vancouver had a tough week and they lost who gave him up was that Nashville I
Feel like Nashville gave up him and that fucking
That's car off a kid in San Jose?
No, my guy, my guy there.
Yeah, he was in Nashville.
Oh man, they gave Saros that money.
He's had a wicked off year as the whole team.
But Lankton, he's been awesome there.
He's been great.
But they lost to Vegas and then they lost to Utah too
and both in regulation.
So tough, tough weekend. Pedersen now talks talking about
how he won't shoot the puck.
Like before he, I saw a quote today,
he's like he's not moving his feet,
he's double clutching, he's not shooting.
It's like, holy shit man, this is getting wild.
It's like a whack-a-mole.
It's whack-a-mole.
Now he's not hitting, now he's not doing this.
It's like, fuck it.
Here's 11 and a half.
Gary Bettman, he reduced Ryan Hartman's suspension
from 10 to eight games.
Saves a little dough for him.
That's nice.
Although that, I'm surprised he got two games less.
I also don't get, like the suspension goes down.
Paros announces it 10 games,
he goes to Betman, if he doesn't reduce it, then it goes to an independent arbitrator,
like why wouldn't Betman just every time back George?
That's a really good question, I never,
but he doesn't, I'm trying to think, is it, yeah,
because it would make sense for him to back George.
Just send it to the independent arbitrator
and back your guy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've never thought about independent arbitrator and back your guy. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I've never thought about that.
That's a good question.
Yeah, I don't know why this one was,
especially with the repeat offender type thing
and the fact that he done something greasy off the draw.
Off the draw assassin that guy.
Zegras, he's been suspended three games
for interference against Rasmussen.
This was a vicious hit.
He moved the puck and caught him a little late
and then directly in the head.
I saw Jeff Marrick post that it was similar
to when Cogliano got Kempi and it broke his Ironman streak
that I think kind of messed up his friendship
with George Paros as well.
So he got one more game than Cogliano got for that.
Did you see that hit, Keith?
No, I didn't see it. But Kog's only got one game for that, right?
Oh, Jeff Rode got two.
Oh, maybe it was. I don't know. Yeah, he got screwed there.
I don't know for sure. I know. Kind of opened the door for you, which is crazy.
We can end it with this, boys. Amazing moment in Columbus as the entire arena, heartbreaking moment, Jesus Christ.
But the entire arena saying happy birthday to Johnny Hockey's son.
And it was just, it was like a heartbreaking and heartwarming moment.
And you know, the kid's up there smiling, has no clue what happened really.
And it's just so cool to see Columbus.
What a story they are, man. All the injuries,
everything that they've dealt with and they're right in the thick of things.
And the whole arena sang to Johnny's son. So that was, that was tough to watch,
but it was a really cool moment, you know, for their family, I'm guessing.
Yeah. You saw, you saw Meredith, you know,
sitting next to a little Johnny and just tearing it like just seeing her. It's, it's gut wrenching when you think of it, but what an
amazing job Columbus, like all the players, if you follow her on Instagram,
they're showing up for her and, and the kids.
And I think Boon Jenna was dressed up as like Donald duck or someone for
his birthday.
So just the hockey community, I mean, we could talk to what blew in the face of,
you know, how good we are.
But it's truly amazing what these guys have done and the blue jackets and just keeping them involved in the team.
Cause you know, he's missed every day and, and, um, you know, by, by fans and by us,
but I can, I couldn't imagine in that house hold how much they're missing.
Did I mention last week that the whole garden was chanting Johnny hockey in the third period
and overtime?
I don't know if I said that Friday morning.
Yeah, I think you did mention it.
It's unreal.
It was all over online too.
If the hockey gods are out there, Columbus gets in the playoffs.
I'll say that right now.
So hopefully that happens for those guys.
And as we wrap up, reminder, all you Canadian viewers and listeners, please if you have Amazon,
check us out Thursday night, coast to coast. If the numbers are big, maybe we
get to do it again. I get another invitation to go to beautiful
Sakakis and hang with my buddies and talk NHL for five hours with Andy
Patrillo. So I can't wait for Thursday. I'll see you guys then. And what do you got?
So I guess a lot of people in Canada,
remember Biz, they were telling us like,
everybody has Amazon to order stuff,
but people don't realize if you have Amazon
that also you're allowed to watch on the app.
Remember they were telling us that?
You don't see Prime?
Yeah, I think a lot of people don't realize
that they get the app for free
because they've signed up for Amazon Prime,
which is like the quicker delivery.
I don't have Amazon Prime.
I don't even like, I don't even like, I'm not, I don't.
That's a good, that's a good ad going into the.
Well, what do you mean?
I don't even do Uber Eats.
Like I never even do Uber Eats.
Like I don't do any of the apps other than Twitter.
I don't, I get the Uber Eats thing.
You're such a health nut, but Amazon, like,
I'm gonna tell you, you should get it.
I mean, for example, I needed big trash bags.
I needed them, yesterday.
And I ordered them on Amazon,
and they were at my house an hour and a half later.
So Amazon-
You're also, you're talking to the guy
who when he runs out of toilet paper,
just goes to restaurants to use the bathroom.
So I mean, he's time.
That was at Sushi Brokers, and I was like 25 years old.
Things have changed big time.
Things have changed a little bit.
The man's about to turn 40.
I also forgot to mention at the start of the pod
that I did a Games with Names podcast with Julian Edelman.
What a guy.
What a guy he is.
Oh my god, he said he's gonna come on our podcast.
Beautiful setup he's got in Brentwood,
is an area of LA I guess, and just an awesome pad.
He had the cold tub, he had the steamer.
None of this we did, he just gave me the tour
and then got to sit down with him and do a live pod
about the Four Nations championship game.
We also touched on the round robin games
because it was hard to just pinpoint one of them
because I thought they were so impactful,
but that's gonna be coming out,
I'm assuming in the next couple weeks,
maybe a month's time.
And me and Pasha ended up doing a vlog of the entire weekend.
So you'll be seeing clips on my social
for my interactions with Josh Richards
who's also at the game, all the players, the alumni,
and also the 10 year anniversary with the Calder Cup, along with getting to see Julian Edelman's three Super
Bowl rings at his place.
So it's going to have all that on the vlog and my social and the Chicklet Social, so
check all that out.
And thank you to Mr. Edelman for having me on his podcast.
I love it.
And I love all you guys listening and watching on YouTube, all you guys and girls. Thank you to Mr. Edelman for having me on his podcast. I love it. And I love all you guys listening and watching on YouTube, all you guys and girls.
Thank you so much.
We will be back to you next Tuesday morning.
Spit and Chicklets episode 548 coming up.
Crazy.
Love you all.
Have a great week. I don't know any other way, even if I could go away
I don't know any other way, this feeling is so hard to wear
I don't know any other way, even if I could go away
I don't know where the other way is
Feeling so hard to go, I'll get you someday
