Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spitton Chicklets.
What is up, folks?
Oh my God, we are back and what a week we just had.
The NHL trade deadline came and went with some absolute fireworks at 3 o'clock Eastern.
Welcome to episode 549 of Spit and Chicklets presented to you by Pink Whitney.
Look at that shirt, Keith.
Look at that unreal hoodie.
Look at that logo. Look at that pink on the black.
I love it. Somebody actually brought me over.
They needed to get a bottle signed.
It was one of those big daddies.
Those big daddies are intimidating. You see one of those. You're like, oh my God, this thing's a wagon. And
I signed it. I signed it, Gladly. It was for falls. I should have charged them, but I signed
it. And then you know what happened? About two hours later, the Bruins traded Brad Marshon
and then people, the kid who, they were chugging it. People started chugging the big bottles.
They were drinking nips.
It was like, what are we gonna do?
Our captain's gone and thank God we have Pink Whitney
here to save us.
So thank you so much to Pink Whitney.
Thank you to all you guys.
It helps soothe the pain, doesn't it?
It does, it does.
And it helps maybe build some even more excitement
if your team did something that you were happy with, Biz.
And I saw you, we'll get into you and your club
in a little bit, we have a long show and store
going over everything, you were happy.
You were upset and you were sad and you were poopy pants
and then all of a sudden you were happy.
I think your grade went from a C to an A plus.
No, no, no, no, it went from a B plus to an A.
It went from a B plus to an A.
I was hoping for Braden Shen, loved Scott Lawton,
he's a great guy, I didn't realize that they were getting 50 retained.
And then last minute they get Carlo, which also 15 retained.
And he's got two more years left on his deal.
So we don't need to hop in the Leafs quite yet, but boys, this league,
hanging out with Elliot Friedman, I do not envy that guy for one second.
The life that he must have to live
and the stress that he is under during these crazy times
and even the information that I'm getting last minute here
before the podcast on how deals all went down,
the league is on fire right now.
The momentum of the NHL and all these crazy deals
and guys switching teams, it's fucking insane.
It's exactly what we needed.
The caps going fucking north and we're taking over, baby.
Hey, next stop, Goodell.
Keep your fucking head on a swivel, baby.
Keep your fucking head on a swivel.
Let's go after the NBA first.
Okay.
Let's settle down with the Sunday slate of NHL games.
And actually, that brings me to the point.
Did you see LeBron?
Did you see LeBron just fake getting elbowed in the head against the Celtics?
He got clipped. Oh, buddy, he didn't get clipped at all.
He didn't get clipped at all.
He's just diving around.
And then and then the NHL has blockbuster deals and all this action going.
And then you see LeBron yelling at Stephen A.
Smith because he was making fun of his son who shouldn't be in the NBA, blockbuster deals and all this action going. And then you see LeBron yelling at Stephen A Smith
because he was making fun of his son who shouldn't be in the NBA but was in the NBA. And it's like,
all of a sudden the NBA's got this just pathetic display of unsportsmanlike play by LeBron and
diving and being a diva and the NHL. We got trades, we got fights, we got GMs who despise
each other. We got insiders. It's it's non-stop action
You're right. Sider Wars going on online
Oh, it was a hell of a deadline the inside of wars and then the new class minute past three o'clock Brad Marshaugh
Going to the the rat king going down to the rats. I
saw it I think I think people immediately had the had the
what's the slap shot with the Hanson brothers, you know, and
then could Chuck Bennett and Marshawn on the ice together.
And and it's so funny.
The best part about it is Florida just bullied Toronto a couple of years ago.
They bullied the shit out of it.
Now they're probably going to play again.
I think they're a little above Tampa.
We'll see who wins the division, but they're gonna play
and I'm gonna get to watch them do it to your team again.
But it kind of brings me to Keith.
I should have brought you in sooner.
You are now a Leafs fan, so it's like,
I gotta battle both of you idiots?
Well, first and foremost, I'm a Cats fan.
Okay.
But my second team, just because I learned from the best learn from biz.
You can choose as many teams as you want.
You can have seven in each division.
You can have eight in one division, three in the other.
So they're in my, they're in my, in my two hole.
Um, you know, really love what they did going out, trying to bolster their roster.
Didn't need anything too special upfront, Bringing a guy like Scotty Lawton,
just an absolute workhorse every day on and off the ice. He's going to be amazing for that locker
room. I saw some interviews that Austin Matthews already knew him and you know, so they have a
relationship. Oh, hey, he planned the parade. He kind of looks like a mini Matthews. He knows Matthews,
so let's just, let's get the route going right down downtown Toronto. That Matthews. He knows Matthews. So let's just, let's get the route going right down downtown
Toronto now. That's it. He knows Matthews. Sick.
He looks like a miniature clone of him.
But I think the biggest deal in biz, correct me if I'm wrong,
you wanted Luke Shen the whole time, but I think Carlo,
a little bit younger, bigger body or longer body.
I think he's going to be an absolute huge pickup for them come playoff time.
I had no idea that they were even in the realm of getting him. I didn't even know that he was
available really. I thought potentially that it was going to be a package deal with Risto.
It just made sense since like Philly was going to send Lawton over, but very happy. I mean,
a very serviceable defenseman on the right side for Boston for a long time. Obviously has tons of playoff experience
I heard he's an incredible guy very into his faith
So just a guy that you know exactly what he's gonna bring to the rink day in day out
I think that most Bruins fans but along with the rest of the team would say that he's probably underperformed a little bit this year
But hey man, when you come over to a team like Toronto,
they got a fucking hell of a lineup.
Things are gonna be a lot different.
And they address their needs.
That's all I gotta say.
I was hoping for maybe a Luke and Braden Chen coming over,
a little brotherly love.
But I thought that Braden would have provided
a little bit more offense in that second hole and obviously more term on his contract to
fit in just in case maybe JT doesn't come back. But ultimately a a grade A
for Brad Tree living in the Toronto Maple East for solidifying that playoff
roster. But hey, boys, the Atlantic wagon, the central wagon, all three of those teams, top three teams in those divisions
I think could win a Stanley Cup.
Are we all in agreement of that?
I agree, and two of the six will be gone
after the first round.
It might be the number one year for the people
who don't like the current format.
Biz, I wish, thinking back to Thayer Academy, sitting there, I wish you were my teacher
because you chuck out A's like no other.
You chuck out Hall of Fame, you chuck out A pluses, it's like you grade on a scale non-stop.
I love it.
It's true fandom of the team.
I could see you got your hat on.
But you guys say-
I would put Yans in the Hall of Fame, you'd go in as a combined player and builder.
Yans go, Yans is Hall of Fame for us. No doubt but but I mean you you chuck like
Shane don't Hall of Fame. That's that's another one. That's like a good art Gordon Hall of Fame
You'd be like Steve. He's in hockey Hall of Fame. I think anyone who's ever passed you the party gave me my nickname
He's in the hall put him in the hall put him in the hall
passed you the pocket. He gave me my nickname. He's in the hall of fame. Put him in the hall. Put him in the hall. But you say that Toronto maybe didn't, they both set their lineup and they
didn't go big game hunting. But then Elliot, this guy, this nonstop insider working his magic breaks
the news Saturday that they had a deal in place that they were willing to trade for Ron Tannen.
And Marner would possibly be going the
other way enough to where they go to Mitch Marner and they say, are you willing to get traded to
Carolina? He said, nope. What do you think this now does? And there's arguments to both sides,
but I'm curious if you have an opinion on if that matters at all within the locker room or to Mitch
Marner that holy shit in the midst of my best season and us having the best team we've had since I came into the league, they're asking if
I'll accept the trade. I think it's a little bit unsettling. I think it completely waves out the
possibility that Mitch Marner takes any form of a hometown discount, which I don't blame him now at
this point for being asked from my my understanding, in the summertime about it
and prior situations where he's been asked to be moved.
I think that the way that he's performed so far this year
under the gun of knowing that his contract's up
and the potential of being asked to be moved
or signing somewhere else has been remarkable.
I think that everything is gonna depend on him coming back with the Leafs
on how he performs in playoffs.
But with the recent news coming out that they were willing to try to move on
for him for Rotten and asking him to wave them no move.
I probably lean 49 percent that he's staying,
51 percent that he's gone.
That it could be way higher than that,
and maybe he's completely checked out,
but the good news is, boys,
is he has to perform if he wants to get paid.
And I think that-
No, he doesn't.
You don't think he's gotta perform in playoffs
to get the max dollar?
I think in first round, if they lost in four games,
and he had no points,
he'd sign an
eight-year deal with somebody for 13 to 14 million. I actually think whoever he
ends up signing with on that deal I'm interested to see if it's like a true
contender and if it is what the number will be or if it's a team I don't know
that that really doesn't have expectations for a couple years where
then it could be over 14 but he's paid no matter what. He's paid.
Well, I'll tell you this.
In Toronto, there's no way that he's taken anything
less than 14 million, I think, at this point,
considering that Rotman was, I believe,
offered over 13.5 by Toronto,
and Marner has performed in that market
for as long as he has.
So I think that now that's his baseline,
and that's what they've done to himself.
And I've actually caught wind that there was actually
another package on the line to move to Carolina
to get Rottenen's assigned.
So they would have kept Marner
and they would have also brought Rottenen in
and signed him for close to 14 million.
But Rottenen said, nope, nope, don't want to go there.
I want to go to Dallas.
That is the, that is the rumblings out there.
And there's a little bit more information that I want to clear the
air on with the rotten situation.
Do you guys want to hop into that right away?
Cause I would say that's the biggest move at the deadline.
He ends up going over to Dallas gets a, I believe a great deal for
the Dallas stars at eight times 12 state tax, state tax, state tax.
We get it, but the deal is finally done and they get the probably the biggest,
best power forward and a guy we know could perform in playoffs for a very,
very good tag.
Just, I want to touch on Marner a little bit too.
This is why you have a no trade clause or no move clause for reasons like this.
And I love the fact that he stuck up for himself and said, Nope, I don't want to
go there.
I want to stay here, try to finish something that, you know, I was drafted by
this team, I'm going to try to win a cup with them, whatever happens in the
summertime will happen then.
But the, the ranting and the ranting situation just keeps giving and giving.
And it's amazing.
And I absolutely love the fact that players now are
sticking up for themselves, getting what they want. Um, you know, not putting themselves in situations that
they do not want to be in.
Cause for a long time, it was like that guys got traded there.
And, you know, that was just kind of the end of the day.
You had to, you had to finish out your term there, but nowadays
these big boys, if they don't want to be somewhere, they're
not going to sign there.
And Rantnam was a, a great example of that. You had to, you had to finish out your term there, but nowadays these big boys, if they don't want to be somewhere, they're not going to sign there.
And Rantnam was a, a great example of that.
And do you think it'll, you know, deter teams from making trades before the
deadline where, you know, they find out that if a guy doesn't like it or not.
I think that you're starting to see trade. The trade deadline is more about actually trading
for guys with term. It used to always be, hey, look at every UFA coming up this summer and take
80 of them and they're on the block. Their possibility of being traded is definitely higher
than for a guy who was signed to term. And now, like Biz, you talk about like, Lawton's got a year left,
Carlo's got two years left,
the Oilers got Wallman, he's got time left on his deal.
It's like all these different deals, you see more term.
The Rottenham one, to me,
it was at one point like, what does he want?
Because all of a sudden, all these deals were coming up
and it sounded like he was turning them all down
or Carolina was turning them down.
We end up finding out that Edmonton's involved
with Rantinen.
Edmonton's got a deal locked up in place with him
at around 14 million per year, I've heard.
And then they didn't have the assets that Carolina wanted.
Carolina, what a crazy deadline for them.
Probably one of the most wacky like month for a contending team
I've ever seen they get ranted and they have no
No word and no clue that he's willing to resign there
I think many hurricanes fans who you went to war with bitch. I saw you replying
No, I was off like four-hour flight last night battling with cany acts online
Like I was going at all of the fucking they thought I were lied to they're like we were lied to it's like no you weren't
no you weren't want me I'll start with the rotten and stuff this summer they
started talking with Colorado okay they got a shit sandwich offer they got
offered lower than what David Posternock's making so obviously they
were not gonna accept so there was a little bit of back and forth,
but ultimately Colorado was staying at their number.
I also heard that Rotten did speak with McFarland
and the Colorado Avalanche.
He wanted to stay in Colorado
and was willing to take a hometown discount.
And he was blindsided by the trade.
They were then asked, they were then asked by Carolina,
can we start negotiating?
And their camp said no.
So there was never a situation where Ratnan and his camp
said, okay, we know this is happening,
and yes, we're willing to open up negotiations
with Carolina.
That's misinformation that's out there.
So Carolina ended up making that move knowing
that he didn't want to negotiate with them.
That's why I thought this was crazy.
Before I even knew this information,
I thought it was crazy that they made that deal
without putting pen to paper.
I would not have done that deal.
So fast forward 43 days before the deadline,
he is blindsided by that trade.
I sincerely believe that if they would have offered him
eight times 12 and said, take this,
or we're gonna move you to Carolina,
Rotten would have signed that deal.
Never once did Colorado make Rotten feel
like he was part of the big three.
Honestly, I was shocked, shocked to fucking hear that.
This, going back to the end of last season,
how did fucking Edmonton make Leon Dreisaitl feel?
How do they make the first order of business?
I think they're different players.
I think you saying that is a sign almost that maybe without McKinnon, he's not
the same. Do you understand what I'm saying? Obviously Colorado-
But we're talking about Leon Dreisaitl taking a hometown discount at 14 when Ratnan would have
did so at 12. And Colorado was not interested in doing that.
And then they blindside him and move him
without ever throwing that eight times 12 number.
They stood at what, 100,000 more
than what Panarin's making.
I think that that's crazy given with when Panarin signed
and where we are today, knowing where the cap's going
and not wanting to keep Ratnan.
I think that that's crazy.
Do I think that they got a great bargain return
and getting Nages and has that worked out
and are they looking like geniuses by doing so,
getting him for six and a half for this year and this year
and next year based on what he's being paid?
Absolutely.
I stick to my word though on the fact that I think
that Tulski was out of his mind for making that move with
Ratnan knowing that he didn't want to negotiate going there but yet still doing it and expecting
Ratnan when he got there to finally sign. Let's completely different styles of play, right?
Yeah. Colorado top three in like zone entries and puck play and keeping and playing with the thing.
top three in like zone entries and puck play and keeping and playing with the thing.
Carolina's top three worst. They're a dump and chase team. That's not how Rontan wants to play. So regardless of what you want to play him,
do you think he wants to spend the next eight years there playing a completely
different style than what he's been accustomed to and the NHL?
That was my gripe with making the move. Now
we can go off of what the return with they got.
I think that Stankhoven is a perfect fit for Carolina.
You got him not only this year,
but next year on his entry level contract.
He's a puck hound.
He's the type of guy that can forecheck
and a type of guy who's gonna want to be there, right?
Like he fits in perfectly with that system.
Do I think that looking back,
I would have traded Natchez and Drury for Stankhoven
and too late first?
I would not have done that deal.
That is, to me, that's an L.
You're talking about a guy who,
in his NHL career, Stankhoven,
has less points than what Natchez is probably gonna finish
with the rest of the season.
So I just don't see where that adds up.
And Carolina Hurricanes fans, not only being misinformed
that Rotten was gonna negotiate in good faith
before they made the trade, and not true,
and then they think he comes over and is poopy pants
and shit the bed as far as production,
they play a completely different style.
Rotten doesn't wanna dump and chase, he wants to play with the puck, the bed as far as production, they play a completely different style.
Rottenen doesn't want to dump and chase.
He wants to play with the puck.
He's been doing that with the best player in the world his whole fucking career.
So I believe it was a botched move and a learning lesson for Tulski.
And that's all I've said from the beginning.
I think he did a solid job in getting a guy that probably wants to be there and is going
to fit their system
for the rest of this year. But the rest of the Carolina Hurricanes fans telling me like,
oh, well, we're not even necessarily in wind mode now. It's like, what? Yes, you are. What do you
mean you're not in wind mode now? Why would you trade for Rotten if you're not in wind now mode?
Good point.
Hey, what do you mean? You're caught. They're all contradicting each other.
Tulsi is the only guy who professor professor Bissonnette gave a beat to everyone else got A's.
That's when you know things are bad. I agree with everything, Biz. Are you are you shocked
that Colorado traded Rotman and blindsided him without at least,
listen, I can understand being stubborn in negotiations,
but the reason I brought up Leon Dreisaitl is
from the minute that Stan Bowman got there with,
is he said my first order of business,
because Leon's deal is gonna be the first one up,
is to get him locked in.
Instant comfort, and you know what that
probably made Leon feel like?
You know what?
Not only do I wanna be here,
I'm gonna take a hometown discount.
14 million for Leon Dreisaitl
is a hometown fucking discount.
Yes or no?
Looking at where the cap's going?
Absolutely.
Why was Miko Rotten in Colorado not treated like that?
I think that that's crazy,
and that's where I'm off base.
And in fact, where I thought that why wouldn't
Rotten and his agent just have asked for a meeting
with McFarland in Colorado?
They did.
So if you're a Colorado fan and you think that
Miko Rotten was getting greedy about what he's asking for,
I'm sorry, Miko Rotten is worth eight times 12
all day long, and you could have actually got him
at a hometown discount.
If they think, and they're looking at their projected
numbers and their charts, and they think that there's
gonna be a significant dip, or maybe they won't have
enough money to lock in a generational defenseman
in Kale McCarr, sure.
But if you're a Colorado Avalanche fan,
know that one of the best players your organization's ever seen,
one of your best playoff performers,
and a guy that helped solidify a Stanley Cup
and probably could've helped you bring at least one more
in his tenure there,
was not even given the opportunity
to take a hometown discount at eight times 12.
That is crazy.
And then it was lied about
that he was willing
to negotiate in good faith with Carolina
before he even got there.
That is not true.
Not true.
Biz, what a rant.
Whenever you have a little white stuff get on your lip
while ranting, I know you're feeling it.
And you're feeling it right now.
You are bringing all this info.
I wasn't aware of some of those things.
I feel like I'm gonna get... I don't like having this much
information. I get anxiety when I have this much information. That's why I
do not envy Elliott Friedman. I don't want to know this. I'm more fearful
of like a NHL CIA agent than I am the Irish Travelers at this point, knowing
all this stuff that I know right now. Louis Mangione's cousin who played hockey is just like waiting outside your door.
I think as much as that was maybe kind of like dissing or saying that Chris McFarlane
in Colorado didn't do a job that maybe some Avs fans would have hoped, after that, this
guy, I never seen a team be rebuilt on the fly like this.
And we'll get into Colorado because he made
some incredible moves, but that is an interesting discussion.
Just go up another 200 grand for Ron Tinen.
Like 200 grand a year, come on, what are we doing here?
Their original offer was eight times 11.2.
So underneath it.
That's fuck Panarin.
Underneath him.
The highest paid winger in the game. But Dallas goes out and
they make the move. And I saw that, I said, Jesus Christ. And then I watched, I said,
this team is a complete wagon. So then all of a sudden I'm like, oh, they're playing
Edmonton Saturday. This is a huge game. Edmonton, they're starting to figure it out a little
bit, but here comes Dallas with Ronten in the lineup.
It looked like he'd been playing after crushing Pink Whitney all day for the Hurricanes compared
to how he looked with Dallas.
Talk about a natural fit.
He was snapping it around.
They looked awesome.
Oilers got out to a huge lead, ended up being a great game 5-4.
Oilers get the win.
But I was like, oh, this guy fits in perfect there.
And I think Dallas, I would say their top nine forwards,
would you argue, is there any team with a better top nine?
When they're healthy and seconds back,
and the fact that they picked up Grandland,
it sucks to lose Stankhoven.
But man, oh, man, that top nine is absolutely lethal.
Lethal.
It's incredible.
And it can also play two-way hockey. It's not like there's a. It's incredible. And like, can also play like two-way hockey.
It's not like there's a line that's just run and gone.
Every player on that forward group, they play on both sides of the puck.
But Dals wasn't done.
It actually had to, Wyatt Johnson had to sign an extension before this all went down and
talk about a bargain.
I mean, this guy, I think in the last like 10 games-ish,
he's been on fire and they signed him,
what is it, eight and a half biz or gee, look that up.
Five years, about eight and a half million dollars,
which I texted the group chat, I said,
I thought maybe it came in a little high,
but obviously with where the cap's going,
just because it was five years, right?
It's kind of, you see that new type of bridge deal where guys knowing that the caps
gonna keep accelerating at these ridiculous amounts that that seems to
be where the numbers at man and and then even looking at his stats like this is a
guy who's played 82 games I believe his first two years of his entry level and
then this year is on pace to do the same. So, uh, just a, a, a lethal forward and a potential future captain of the Dallas
stars. So, uh, good for them, man.
It's solidifying to, uh, to unbelievable forwards, uh, for moving forward here.
I'd like to address it with their young guys, like obviously, you know, Jamie,
Ben and Sagan are on the back nine, uh, still have a lot of game left, but you
got those young guys and Rantanen for the next eight years, you know, they're
going to be solid going, going forward and unbelievable.
Obviously we had Jim Neil on and we all loved him, but unbelievable set of
kahunas on him going out there and making this all happen.
Obviously you gotta, you gotta give up a piece to get a good piece.
And you know, he did that without, I think hurting their team.
And, uh, I thought it was a masterclass by him, but going back to
Tulski with, with Carolina, do you think they were like, okay, if we get him down
here, he's going to love it and sign here.
Or is it just like, Hey, we might only have them for this year.
But then you look at what Natress is doing.
It's like, they, I don't know if the owner has too much say
going on there, which, you know, you hear rumblings
of that going on.
One thing that Carolina fans are saying is like,
Oh, well like he's made it vocal that he doesn't want
to be here and he was going to move on anywhere.
It's like, well, I think that part of the reason
that he wasn't happy there was he feels like he wasn't
getting the reps to even prove himself.
Right.
And you talk about the way that they play
where he's probably like, I want to possess the puck, man.
I got all this speed and skill.
Like, I want to play with this thing, not chase it.
So obviously he takes that bridge deal
in order to prove himself where regardless
if he quote unquote doesn't want to be there
or is eventually going to move on, as a player,
he still has to perform in order to get the money
that he's going to want. as a player, he still has to perform in order to get the money
that he's going to want.
So he's such a valuable piece.
So that's where I just didn't see it making sense
to move on unless you had pen to paper for Rotten.
And I think that the thought was is regardless of them,
his camp saying, we don't want to negotiate
before getting there, they thought once he did that, got there and fell in love with it and loved the community would eventually
turn around and say, wow, I'm getting offered eight years times 13 and a half. That's as
probably much as I'm going to get in the open market. Yeah, let's do it. But not only was
he wrong, the comments that came after,
they ran out of time in order to turn those two late first round picks in order to maybe address other needs.
If we're gonna talk about Carolina right now,
I think that they're gonna head to the
Eastern Conference Finals.
I think that they're the Winnipeg Jets of the East.
I really think that the only thing-
You have wax in the first round? No, I think that they're the Winnipeg Jets of the East. I really think that the only thing- You have wax in the first round?
No, I think that they have a great roster
and the only thing they're truly missing
is a second line center.
I don't necessarily trust in Kokniemi,
but the rest of that lineup is very strong.
Like if you look at Stankhoven,
he was playing first line right side,
I thought he fit in great with Ajo and then Shvetchnikov.
That second line, I think it's solid.
Once again, the trust in the second line center,
much like going over to Winnipeg, they got Nemestikov.
Don't think people have maybe necessarily the most trust
in him to get the job done,
especially in the division that they're in.
But one of the best third lines in the league
with Jordan Stahl, you could say the same thing
about Winnipeg and a great overall bottom six.
Really like their back end with Brent Burns, Orlov.
Maybe the only other thing they have the edge in
is goaltending, right?
But once again, Hellebuck hasn't proved himself
in playoffs either, so you could throw that out the window
until that happens.
But the biggest thing for Carolina being,
they're gonna wax New Jersey in the first round
if they play them. They might not, they hope it somehow to get Jersey instead of Columbus who's
buzzing. Still think that they win that first round series and I trust Carolina right now over
playing Washington. And I know that Washington might even win the president's trophy and is
first in the East right now. Who you take in both healthy lineups if you're going Carolina
against Washington? I think with less power plays in healthy lineups if you're going Carolina against Washington?
I think with less power plays in playoffs, I think you're right.
I think I'd go Carolina.
So they have an easy-
That's a coin flip for me.
That's a coin flip, but I wouldn't put it past them to get to the Eastern Conference
Finals.
So as much as Kane's fans think I've been negative about the move and everything like that. The one element to this is not having the blessing of Rotnin's camp
to negotiate a contract.
You should have been prepared to not only move him,
but what you were going to do with those two late first round picks.
But once again, the Kaniaks are like,
oh, we're not in win now mode.
We're going to turn those into unreal prospects.
It's like, what the fuck does that matter, man?
You got Rotnin for Stankhoven, a middle six guy.
We're talking about one of the best right wingers
in the league right now.
Like, what are we doing here?
In a 30th overall pick.
I also had some, I shouldn't say some,
I had one message from a Kaniak biz.
It was a friendly one, though.
He was talking about, basically,
the fact that Bryndamore plays this style
where you're just chippin' it in,
you're going and getting it.
He kind of asked, why wouldn't he make an exception
for like Ajo and then maybe Rotten?
And I said, when one guy's doing it
and the rest of the team isn't, it doesn't work.
I think sometimes people might wonder like,
well, these guys can play this way and these guys could play... It's like, that's not how
most really good teams go. They have a system. They want to control the puck. They want to have
zone entries where they have control and then they start the cycle. And then there's complete
systems of go get the thing. So it's hard just answering that guy. It's hard to mix and match
that, I think. Obviously you got a guy like McDavid. That's a little different, right? Ajo is not McDavid. You cannot slow down somebody
like McDavid McKinnon. But for a guy like Ajo and that team, they have to play a certain
way to be good. And they are good. They've had great runs.
And as good as I feel that Ajo is, I feel like he's an incredible 200 foot center. I
also feel that Rupay Hintz is a guy who's going to take the puck and get it in the middle of the ice at his own end
and he's going to bring it all the way to the offensive zone. He has that exact same speed that
Nathan McKinnon has. So he's playing with a way similar center iceman as opposed to going with
Sebastian Ajo. So the Finnish friendship, throw that out the door. This had everything to do with style of play.
That's it.
So I know Carolina fans wanna feel slighted.
I don't hate your team.
I don't hate your GM.
My simple comments were, I think that if he could do it
all over again, he would want a redo on that move.
That's it, that's all.
What other things do we need to talk about
as far as the deadline here?
There was a monster deal in the other conference in the East and nobody saw it coming until
kind of maybe a day or two before the deadline.
I had seen when Marshaan betrayed it at the deadline, it had been out there and everyone
was just so confident.
Grinelli, why don't you come on here?
It's that he'll resign.
They'll work it out.
And all of a sudden, what time did that happen at?
Because I'm watching, I was on with game notes and then on the computer I had your Sportsnet
thing on biz and all of a sudden Elliot drops the bomb.
Brad Marshawn moving on.
Talk about getting different reports and insiders battling.
This one's been madness since the minute it happened, but the Bruins trade their captain
and they didn't just trade him, they trade him to the team that owns them.
The way Bruins own Toronto and the way they own Biz's soul, Florida is the exact opposite
and has pretty much crushed the entire organization from the record breaking season and losing
in the first round to then winning the cup the next year and then getting your captain for a second round or the following year. Gee, you're down and you're
down bad and I witnessed it happen. The Bruins are dead. The Bruins are dead. I would say this trade
has ruined me. It has ruined me as a human. My apartment is a disaster. I haven't done the dishes
in weeks. I'm only eating fast food right now. It happened on Friday. I know, but dishes are the worst.
Brad Marsh and Dave, you know, short nose, big, short, big nose guys from Boston,
a shot at hope.
And I'm just, I'm very disappointed in Don Sweeney.
And here's the thing, like I was okay with the moves up until that point.
Like I liked, I liked the coil move.
Like Zeller's helps build the prospect pool.
Like I, I didn't like dealing Carlo to the Leafs.
I never want to help the Toronto Maple Leafs, but it's a good deal.
Frazier Mitten's like the perfect B.
You get a first round draft pick in what's supposedly going to be a loaded draft in 2026.
That's the Gavin McKenna draft.
But I just hate, I hate this Brad Martian deal.
And like, let's think about teams who have broken it down in the past.
Let's look at the Chicago Blackhawks.
What was the first thing that they did?
They overpaid veterans who wanted it.
They wanted to come in and help build the culture.
Nick Foligno, Pat Maroon, guys like that.
Find me a better person than Brad Marsh and to overpay and come in and help
build the future. You can't.
He's the perfect guy to come in and help build the future. You can't.
He's the perfect guy to come in and help build this future.
And they did it for a conditional second round pick.
That's the worst part about it.
And then Butcher Gross comes out and says the offer was 3.2 million AED.
No.
I want to make some things clear on that.
No.
So.
Offer was offers exactly what he's making now for three years.
Yeah, I heard six, six, three times three. So, the offer was exactly what he's making now for three years.
Yeah, I heard six six three times three.
Exactly what he's making now.
And Marshawn's camp wanted seven and a half.
And Marshawn had a meeting with Don Sweeney.
And he went in and he said, I love it here.
I've been a Bru in my entire career.
I'm willing to meet you guys in the middle.
And they would not come up on their offer.
I thought that that was insane.
You wouldn't you wouldn't give Brad Marshaw the same amount
that you paid Lynn Holm.
That's crazy to me.
It's insane.
And then I mean, Sweeney talks about how it's a retool.
It's not a rebuild.
It's a retool.
This draft pick, it's a 20, 20 conditional 20, 20, 20 potential
first round draft pick best case scenario. So you draft a kid in 20, 20 at the end of potential first round draft, best case scenario.
So you draft a kid in 20, 20 at the end of the first round.
That's three years away.
You're not seeing a return on this investment.
Five, six years.
That's crazy.
Why not sign the guy?
I would have paid him eight, nine mil.
I don't care.
It helps build the future.
I think Marshawn had every right to be just disgusted.
That's why I kind of like once I heard like rumblings of what happened, I'm like, oh,
I'm seeing people right out there.
Maybe he'll sign back in July.
No, no, no, no, no.
Brad Marshawn is no longer a member of the Bruins.
But to all Bruins fans, it ended, it's over.
Looking back, man, they signed Chara and Mark Savard, what was it?
06, 07.
And they've had 18 years of being a contender.
Like this was an incredible run.
They had one cup.
They went to three finals.
They had no, no chance in 13 against Chicago, especially with the injuries,
but they had that 19 cup, right?
St.
Louis grabbed that from them in Boston.
They had the amazing comeback against Vancouver down to, oh, It was amazing for 18 years and everything comes to an end. It's similar to
the Patriots on a way lesser scale. One title versus six, seeing the leader of the team be
basically insulted by ownership in the GM and leave to Florida to be possibly going on to win another Stanley Cup right in your
face.
So to see it end like this sucks, but it was a pretty special run here in Boston.
The crazy thing is though, now you have no prospects.
Don Sweeney decides that he's not willing to move up, I don't know, what, a couple
hundred grand for Marshawn, a million bucks.
And he wanted to basically say, like, we're Xing out, we're done with this part of the
Bruins past.
Now, I could see that and I think Patriots fans would say, like, well, it worked for
those Patriots forever.
I mean, like Belichick would be like, see you later, to just key players.
When it was time for them to get paid, nope, we're done.
You're a declining asset for us.
But this just felt different because
they're not a contender anymore. And he's the captain and he
wanted to be there.
He was a patriot.
He's one that's that's the difference in the argument
there is like the Patriots would win.
They kept winning.
Yeah. So so you're like, okay, this works. This this formula
works here in football and Belichick's doing it. But with
legacy players like Tom Brady, no one from Boston like that.
And one thing about Brad Marthan, and I think a lot of Bruins fans feel the same way,
he joined the Bruins, like he became a prominent member on the team when I was a junior in high
school. I'm 32 years old now. Like all of my adult life, all I've known is Brad Marshan. So for me,
it feels like almost like a piece of my childhood. Like I look at this Bruins team now and it's,
I just don't have the same feeling
when Brad Marshawn was on the team
because a piece of my childhood is now gone.
And it kind of sounds lame to say that,
but I know a lot of Bruins fans feel the same way
because 16 years, that's a long time.
That's a lifetime.
So it's tough.
And he changed.
It's amazing how quickly it can unravel too, eh?
You broke it down from Marshawn's breakaway in game five against Bobrowski to now and
the fact that it's just been all...
Under two years that all happened.
What is there?
Four guys, five guys on the team that broke the record in two years ago?
Now, I think Marshawn, he had such a legacy with the Bruins because of how he came in as this
fourth third liner and he was just a rat.
And then it was like, oh, the Bruins fans love this guy.
Then the skill takes over.
I still remember game seven in 2011 watching.
I was like, I didn't know he was this good.
That whole playoff run, I should say.
Then I started to skate with him.
I'm like, oh my God, he's like a first line stud in the NHL.
And it all kind of just built up to that.
And then he takes the C over,
he changes a player completely because the bullshit,
the licking, the madness, the suspensions, the finds,
it pretty much all stopped.
He changed a little bit.
Not a little bit, he changed a lot.
And Don Sweeney, it's like, you got no prospects now.
And you think all the fans want him running the draft that's coming up with all their
picks that they got?
Not to mention, the final thing I'll say, Keith, I'll throw it to you, or Biz, when
G talks about growing up and watching him and seeing how good these teams were year
in and year out, you can also go to Chicago and say, when they got rid of Kane and they
decided totally like, we're done with this part of our franchise, Keith was gone, Seabrook
was gone, Taves was gone. They still have Pasta, McAvoy and Swainman recently signed
to eight-year deals. Like it was just, why not just give it? Seven million, seven and
a half million for him for the next three years? What are you doing?
That's the thing. it's three years.
If he was asking for an eight year deal at 36 years old,
I'd be like, okay, Marja, you're acting a little crazy.
The three year deal, he should have gotten
whatever he wanted, because you need a guy like that
around the locker room.
You need a guy to help get the next guys ready to play.
He's been around leaders like Chara and Bergeron.
He knows what it takes, especially in that city.
I mean, you see what happened.
He gets traded, how beloved he was within the fans and stuff like that.
So I think you need a guy like that around.
And like I said, three years is not a long time.
It's, it's three years of helping your young guys.
But the only thing I'll say that I liked that Sweeney did was put him in a good situation.
They put him in a position where he can go and win.
He's going to love being here and he's going to love it so much.
I think he's going to resign here.
But I was at the doctor's office today, the Panther's doctor, just chatting with him.
He's like, you think Marshawn like everyone hated him everyone now
They're buying his jerseys every person's gonna love this guy
He's gonna come down there drive a golf cart to practice
Wear sandals every day go to the beach after practice this dude is gonna revive his career
He's gonna play another six years down here instead of the three you would have got him at the fleet's energy
There's a trickle-down effect here
I think that not a lot of people are talking about as well like Don Sweeney
I don't think is the most liked guy in the Bruins locker room like now
This is like three or four guys now that he's he's battled with through negotiations
The Bruins have forever though like going back to the 70s
They fit to get a contract out of them is a grind, but you got to evolve
You got to evolve as management, just like the league does,
right?
It's a different league now.
You saw it with Rantanen.
What do you say to, there are a faction of Bruins fans saying,
6.3 times 3 or 6 and 1 half times 3 is fair.
They gave him a fair offer.
Or do you think, no, you got to go up to what he wants?
I think if you're putting in sweat equity the way
that he has, and you see a guy guy and this is no knock on Lindholm but if you're asking for the
same tag for half the term a little less than half the term I think and also
walking in and handling your own business and talking to the GM and
willing to come down off of what your number is and what I was gonna say there
was I think it's a little short-sighted in the fact that this guy had three
surgeries in the off season.
Like if we think that Brad Marshawn's games declined
a little bit, well yeah, he's fucking coming in trying
to get his feet stable underneath him
after getting those surgeries and being a little bit off.
Now he's getting some time off in Florida.
He gets to heal up and doesn't need to be the guy there.
He just needs to fit in on that insane line, by the way,
with Bennett and Matthew Kachuk, which, I mean, we talk about skill players not having enough pucks on the ice. These guys aren't going to have enough fucking heads to cave in out there. But I just think it's short sighted because I think there's he's going to have a little bit of pep in his step to try to prove everybody wrong about the fact that his game isn't on the decline. In fact, he's got a lot more to show. So he'll be soaking up that vitamin D and he'll be back
buzzing come playoff time.
And he might be back next game with all this vitamin D.
And what's stopping David Pasternak from walking into
Don Sweeney's office this summer and asking for a trade.
He's 28 years old.
He's playing the best hockey of his life right now.
He probably, he doesn't want to be in for a rebuild right now.
And his contract's incredible.
Exactly.
There are teams that would give an arm and a leg for him.
So the trickle down effect where Boston's always been a desirable destination.
Is it so much anymore when you see how they treat their captain and you see how
they treat players that have been so good to them and played on discounts for years
and years and years? I mean, I wouldn't want to sign in Boston right now with Don.
I think that when people say that it's more about like original six beautiful
city like culture, I feel like desirable place to play.
I know you're right.
It does.
It does have to do with the front office and the team and everything.
But I always kind of think of the city and the franchise.
But you're right. That's a good point.
Boys, I yeah, I'm very excited to see him
in a Florida Panthers jersey
whenever he's back in the lineup,
but do you wanna shift the focus back out west?
Because I was very critical
in maybe the way they handled the Rottenen situation,
but you alluded to it before the Marshaugh talk.
McFarland deserves hardware for that overhaul
from the beginning of the year.
They had goaltending issues, they get two new goalies, they lock in their goalie of the future. They had goal tending issues. They get two new
goalies. They lock in their goalie of the future for a great deal in Blackwood. They
go out and get Lindgren and Vesey, or VC, excuse me. Then they end up snagging Nacius
and Drury, who I think is going to be a great fourth liner. And then they not only go out
and get Brock Nelson, probably the most, or one of the most sought after second liners
where they had to address that need because Middelstad just wasn't the guy. And then on top of that,
they go out and get Charlie Coyle, who is a perfect third line center for a cup run.
This is one of the greatest in season overhauls I've ever seen. And some people saying, Ooh,
that's a lot of turnover in one year. But the fact that it happened with these little trickle
effects where it wasn't all at once,
I think it is the perfect spice for that team.
And watching that game against the Leafs the other night,
I thought I was watching it in fast forward
at the pace it was at.
That was nuts.
And the fact, too, that they got Natushkin back,
that's like a fucking deadline deal in itself.
If he's able to go to the Baza and stay out of the fucking, uh, stay out of whatever he's
getting himself in come playoff time, this is going to be a force to be reckoned with.
And as good as the Dallas stars look boys, I think in a seven game series with both teams
healthy, I think I'm picking Colorado.
I think I'm, I'm picking Colorado and it looks like that's
going to be the first round matchup and not only that storyline but Ratnan playing against his old
team. Like how big of a fucking treat is that? This is crazy. This is crazy. Did you see McFarland's
memo that he sent out too? Like he made a press release. Did you see that today? No.
He's giving permission to every Colorado avalanche fan to tackle.
They could form tackle Nacushkin if they see him out and about in the city.
I did see that.
It's in the Colorado post.
I wouldn't try. Did you see how he walked into the game the other night? All black.
I wouldn't go near that guy.
And then he almost got four goals. Him and him and Nate just look like McDavid and Dry
Seidel the other night. They're like they're the size and speed on those two. Like the
if that's your your three four coming at you, that is insane to me. Like what D in the world
are going to want to play against those guys? And like you said, if he could get him in the Boson now,
cause they need him.
He looks, he looks phenomenal.
I, yeah, I don't ever remember a contending team completely flipping their
team this much over the course of a season.
Actually Mike Keenan was the coach in New York in 94.
They had what I think they traded a bunch of guys at the end, huge talent.
When they traded a Monte and like Mike like Mike Gartner was on that team
maybe and they brought in all those guys. So who knows if it works for Colorado? Them playing Dallas
will just be the ultimate like offense versus defense. Like low scoring games. Dallas is winning
the series. High scoring. Colorado is moving on. I think that that would be incredible. Now, not only
did they get Nelson though, that meant
Winnipeg didn't get him. And Winnipeg fans, I think they were kind of, I don't
think they were, you know, overwhelmed with the deadline. It seems like this is a
real chance this year. And Brandon Tanev, who was there before, that's like the
perfect playoff style player. But when you're looking at what Dallas or Colorado
did, the teams in your division, you're like, thank God we're in first place right now.
We're only gonna have to play one of them.
They gotta hold onto that now.
But Nelson, for as much as we've chirped Lou,
the legend, Lou Lamarello, he decides to move him.
This Cal Ricci is nasty.
Like that was, I'm like, oh shit, like they got him?
I don't know how that they ended up getting him. I think to bring him in it's like Islanders fans got to feel way
Better you now have like a true
Number one center prospect and that's exciting considering Nelson was a ufa and maybe he would have resigned there
But it was time to get a little younger
But I think now with him as the second line center in Colorado and like you said Biz the last time Coyle was a third line center the Bruins had that
team that that could have won it all could have should have would have. It's
it's it's wild to see what the Central did and and as as as I watched Edmonton
and we'll get into them in a little bit and LA didn't do anything and Vegas sent
out the eye emoji and at like 250 were no, no, they didn't really do much.
At least it was the central doing all this as an Oilers fan, like, yeah, we're
going to have to play one of those teams in the conference final.
But that was crazy to witness.
Crazy.
Not to be too critical of L.A.
I mean, they did that Kuzmenko who can, you know, he can provide that offense.
They've had a hard time scoring.
I think they got one of the worst power plays in the league,
or let's say middle of the pack at best.
Yeah, I thought LA was going to do a little bit more,
but they're right up against the cap.
So understand that.
For Vegas, though, I mean, I think
that their deadline deals are just coming back from injury.
I mean, once Theodore is back in the lineup,
once William Carlson is back, I mean, you've got got Eichel Hurdle who's been lighting the lamp lately,
Hatrick the other night, and then William Carlson is your third line
center with, listen, Brandon Sod, he's a gamer. I think that you know he's used
to those big moments. Who else did they get? Riley Smith, the guy who was
comfortable there. He's been brutal and I don't think he was happy being in
Pittsburgh and or New York.
I think that that going back to Vegas is the perfect fit and he's a sneaky
playoff player as well.
So I think between the goal,
tending and eight and Hill with that back end and how strong they are up the
middle was some, some very clutch wingers.
I don't think that Vegas needed to do much.
I don't know why they were trolling online
the way that they were.
I thought that I emoji meant they were getting Bradmar Shaw,
but I just think that was trying to fuck
with everybody's minds.
Who else?
Go over to you.
Were you happy with what Edmonton did?
I actually was.
It's been a weird feeling lately
because they've struggled.
I think they've won three of four now, but it's been since Four Nations.
They just looked off.
McDavid looked tired the other night.
He was ridiculous.
Did you see, you see his goal against Dallas?
I was like this poor bastard.
Like, and imagine Keith, did you ever have a one-on-one against him?
Can you think of that?
Or were you not on the ice against him?
He was skating forward.
I usually tried to change, uh, when he, when I saw an old 97 coming over the bench.
Yeah, I do not know.
I don't remember like a straight up one-on-one, but to beat a defenseman, one-on-one
in any level, no matter who you are is so hard, but yeah, I do remember him coming
down on like two on twos and you just try to hope he takes it wide
and shoots it into the goalie's glove.
I just can't admit the panic.
Cause I mean, I had it against Crosby in practice,
like no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
And in a live game to see that come
and the Bush kids not, he's the not most fleet
of foot man in the NHL.
He's just, ah, but his assist, Hyman ended up banging in.
It might've gone in anyways, was probably even better.
He's just, he's turned it on.
So they needed help on D and they needed, they needed a depth guy.
Right.
Well, then you find out that they're in on Rontanen and it was like, holy shit.
Like I didn't know that before he was traded, but to hear after it's like, wow, that, that makes me a little less thrilled with the deadline, considering there was a chance that they could have gotten him.
That makes me a little less thrilled with the deadline considering there was a chance that they could have gotten him.
But Wallman's solid.
Actually, shout out Mike Greer, who traded Wallman, traded for Wallman and got a second rounder just because Detroit wanted to get off his contract.
So he took him for free and then got a second round pick and then dealt him for a first round pick. That's kind of masterful GM work by Greerzy.
and then dealt him for a first round pick. That's kind of masterful GM work by Greerzy.
But he's solid, I mean first game he crushes
Ronten and center-rides, enormous hit.
He's got a lot of points this year.
I said on game notes, the points aren't really gonna be there
because there'll be no power play time for him.
You know what the biggest thing though,
Witt is when they're in the offensive zone,
and what I noticed with San Jose,
is when the puck goes to the blue line,
he's able to walk the blue line.
And he can make a play.
He can make a play.
It's not going there to die and just go right fire back down
the wall, and all of a sudden it's a 50-50 puck battle.
I really respect those D who were able to just find a way
to get that lane and throw a sifter through and get it
on net through the mixer.
So Frederick, obviously, he's a great middle six guy
who's going to provide energy.
And that's something they've really needed
since they lost Holloway.
So yeah, I think that they're solid.
And another good thing is kind of like a situation
like Carolina, where obviously my feelings have changed
a little bit since LA didn't really
address a lot of
their needs and Edmonton did.
Probably the easiest of first round matchups for Edmonton now looking at the way that that
division shaken out.
No more important positions though right now than first in the Atlantic and first in the
Central.
That is just, that is, that is automatic. Wait, have you heard what Edmonton would have had to give up for,
for Ren and, or was it just a draft picks? I don't know if that would have changed your mind on whether.
No, that's what I originally, I originally was like, what would my first thought was like,
what would they, what would they even have that Carolina wants that they'd trade? And then you
think like, Oh, Carolina, maybe they're asking for Bouchard.
But even if they were, you can't trade him off this team.
No.
Yeah, that's why I was like, I just don't, I don't get, so I know,
I actually have no idea.
But I mean, the package they got, two first rounders, two what, second rounders,
and Stankov and, I mean, they weren't going to match that.
They didn't have the ability to do that.
It is crazy being an Oilers fan.
And I need to see the last 18 games, whatever it is, like if they get in a rhythm
where they were in for two months, then it's like, all right, going in, you got some magic,
you get some and you have L.A.
who you should be able to take care of.
But it is it is hard.
Last year, they like they were better.
And now you see Broberg in Hallway. It's like, oh my god.
They had both of those guys who played their best hockey of the year in the playoffs. Granted,
Broberg wasn't even playing throughout the season. So I'm still excited. Yeah, I've been very
confident of them over LA. Now they didn't do anything in goaltending, which Bowman kept coming
out and saying, we're not trading for a goalie.
He was pretty clear on that.
So we'll see.
Skinner's better than I think a lot of people give him credit for, but how much can the
big dogs carry?
Last year they did.
Two years in a row doing that might be hard.
Still, Oilers, DraftKings bet them right now to win the Cup.
With that, boys, there's more to catch up on, but we had the chance to sit down and
we talked about Colorado and their Stanley Cup and screwing over Rontenwald.
One of the biggest parts of that team was Gabriel Landeskog, and there's an incredible
documentary following him throughout his journey with this, I don't know how to describe,
crazy knee surgery he had to get.
And we had the chance to sit down with him, talk about the decision
he made to have camera crews follow him around in his battle and journey to get back playing.
And we're going to throw it over to him right now, the legend himself, cup champ, and captain
of the Avalanche, Landis Gogh.
Guys, it's Witt and I want to talk about sport clips. Sport clips isn't just where you get
your haircut, it's your playbook for looking
fresh, feeling good, being confident, all because of sport clips. Walk in, catch the game. It's nice.
You can have your favorite team play while having your hair shampooed and cut to perfection at
sport clips. I mean, that's a win-win-win-win, unless your team loses. And you can just sit back.
You get everything handled.
They take care of everything.
No stress, relaxing, and being able to walk in and do that is perfect.
And when you're done, you walk out feeling like you're ready to take on anything.
There's no hassles, no surprises, just a solid cut every time.
It's simple, it's easy, and it's made for guys who want to feel like they've got
the home field advantage. And if you want to track your real time wait times, download the app and
check in online. Sport Clips, the haircut experience dialed in for guys. It's a game changer.
Guys, we need to talk about DraftKings. DraftKings, the NHL season is nuts. It's been crazy and it
just got a whole lot crazier after the trade deadline.
And now is where you can get involved with DraftKings.
Nobody knows where this season's headed, but that just means that there's plenty
of time for your favorite team to figure things out and games left for you to get
in the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NHL.
We mentioned on the show, Zach Warrenskyrinski, 75 to 1 to win the MVP.
Leon Dreissel, minus 150.
If you've never made a bet, that could be your first bet.
Right now, the NHL is the fastest game on ice and you can make fast live bets
during any game on the Drafking Sportsbook.
It's super easy for first timers to get started, try betting on anything
as simple as just a team to win.
You want to start there, you want to start with props or you want to start with a live bet after your favorite team goes down
1-0. It's up to you. It's on the DraftKings Sportsbook app. And if you're new to DraftKings,
listen up. New customers bet 5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings
Sportsbook app now and use code CHICKLITS. That's code CHICKLITS for new customers to get 150 in
bonus bets instantly
when you bet just 5. Only onpg.org. Please play responsibly. On behalf of Boothill Casino and Resorting Kansas,
21 and over, age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Void in Ontario.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co.slash audio.
It's an honor to now be joined by the captain of the Colorado Avalanche, Stanley Cup champ,
rookie of the year, almost 14 years ago, Gabe Lannis-Cogg.
What's going on, buddy?
What's going on?
Thanks for having me, guys.
Oh, it's our pleasure.
What a hairline, eh, Whit?
I know.
Holy shit.
What a hairline.
It's crazy.
And then we're watching the first episode
of the documentary we're gonna talk about.
My wife's like, he has no accent, he's from Sweden,
Mike, settle down.
So I couldn't even tell her we're interviewing you.
But dude, I watched the first episode, incredible.
I can't wait to get into it.
How are you feeling right now though, most importantly?
Yeah, you know what, I feel good.
It's been such a crazy roller coaster.
And just when you think you, I'm kind of careful on saying what I, you know,
speaking on them really how I feel because it just changes day to day
and week to week so much, but, um, I'm feeling good.
We're skating, skating right now and, uh, and progressing that part of it.
Uh, obviously kind of the activities of daily living and being a kind of
getting back to the baseline of things
happened fairly early on in the rehab, but I
think I said it in in episode one where it's like
the gap between a
being a healthy human and just a regular person that wants to exercise and walk around with his kids, that and NHL players pretty big.
So, but we're getting there.
Gabe, it's, when we talked to you on TNT,
like just the way that you're talking,
it's been a grind, just like mentally and physically,
and this is something the documentary is gonna show.
When did you decide to document the whole thing?
Like when did that kind of click in your mind
to show the world what's going on right now?
I think it was pretty quickly after surgery,
I realized like,
Jesus, this isn't gonna be easy
and this is gonna be a long ride.
So why not just kind of start documenting some of this?
Some of it I'm probably not gonna remember in six months.
So I wanted to kind of see what that was gonna feel like
and see if it was gonna be worth doing.
And we just kind of started on a whim
and started getting AJ and the camera around
and then we kept it going.
Didn't really know where it was gonna go.
But I think the idea behind starting it was just,
you know, the first, first part of rehab is just kind of, it's such a grind and you're in a lot of pain and,
and all you guys know that's had surgeries.
It's, it's not fun.
And, um, but knowing that it was 18 months plus of it, uh, I knew it was
going to be a heck of a ride and,
and wanted to try to capture as much as possible.
And just to kind of, I guess, be, I guess, being the inspiration to other people, I guess, to be
to somebody else, what Andy Murray's documentary resurfacing was to me, you know, got me through a,
you know, pretty tough time there for,
for a handful of months.
And I just felt like, man, I can relate to him.
I can relate to everything he's saying. I can relate to what he's going through, the decision he's got in front of him.
And I don't know if you guys have seen it, but it's a, it's a good show.
And I wanted to just document it, see where, where it takes us.
I never thought we would be here two and a half years later and, you know, and
have, have this, uh, coming out, but here we are.
You talk about the Andy Murray.
Is there anyone else that you've leaned on that kind of has, I mean, obviously
it's a freak injury that probably not a lot of people have gone through, but
have you, you know, leaned on anybody else to, you know, help you get
through these tough times?
Well, I don't know.
I don't think it's a secret anymore.
Lonzo ball went through very similar, uh, surgery by the same surgeon.
He had, you know, a little bit different.
He had some, some other stuff going on and I had a couple other things,
but essentially the same, you get in a plug in, in the cartilage in your
knee, uh, from a cadaver.
So it's a pretty invasive surgery.
So Lonzo and I, he helped me kind of make my decision, be honest.
He was about a month or six weeks before me.
Uh, so we've, we've touched base throughout the process, but, uh, in terms
of athletes that have gone through it, you know, you talk to, uh, for me, just
mostly kind of my support system, the people around me and, and, uh,
teammates and, and close family and friends and, and, you know, my treatment people
and trainers, you know, those guys have been great.
I was doing a lot of rehab and in Philadelphia with Bill Knowles, if you guys are familiar,
he's, you know, he's done a lot of NFL guys and, and athletes all around the world.
And funny enough, you know, anybody that walks into that gym, they're, they're
broken and they're not a good spot if you're walking into there.
So, uh, got to know a handful of guys to Australian rugby players, um,
premier league soccer players, you know, you don't know them from before and they
live in different parts of the world, but, but on a kind of basic athlete level, uh, that's in a bad spot, you can relate to them in a lot of the world, but on a kind of basic athlete level that's in a bad
spot, you can relate to them in a lot of ways.
So it was, you know, gotten to know some cool people and most importantly my family and
the close circle around me has been huge.
I sense watching and you bring up your family, like how difficult that must have been, your
FaceTime and the kids and you're grinding through this while not being able to be at
home for a decent amount of time.
So I think watching also that and kind of how you've approached it all with remaining
positive and the journaling, you laugh at while you're reading your journal, like that
had to help.
I mean, people have often said, writing down things make you feel better.
Has that been a big part of it too,
actually writing everything down,
forget the cameras being around?
Oh yeah, and I mean, to be honest,
like the camera, I mean, it's been what?
Come out on two years here in Mace and surgery,
so the camera's been around, you know,
he's been around for kind of key moments,
and you know, sometimes you wanna make sure
you cover this aspect of it, or something that you do a lot, you you want to make sure you, you cover this
aspect of it or something that, that you do a lot, you want to cover it, I guess.
But there's, it's still only even though it was five episodes of 25 minutes, it's
still just such a small sample size of it.
Um, journaling for me started right after we won the cup, essentially, like
September, 2022, I'm like, I looked myself in the mirror.
It was like, the fuck is going on?
Like, I really need to take this thing seriously.
Now I figure out what is happening, you know, before the cup run, I'd had a small
scope and we clean it out and kind of, we didn't rush to rehab, but we had six weeks.
So we did what we could in that time.
And then, you know, playoffs starts and bang you go.
Uh, like kind of that fall of 2022, I was, uh, I didn't really know what was up,
what was down, where to go, where to turn.
I really didn't want to do this surgery.
Uh, I was not ready to just come in off hoisting it and then, you know, be on
the shelf for a year or year and a half and nobody had done it.
So it just felt like, man, I was just right up here and now we're going way down at the bottom.
And it was, you know, I talk about it and, you know, the identity piece and, and all of a sudden
you're outside of the team and you're, you're by yourself and then you're doing rehab and the rehab's
not doing anything.
And you're just like, well, yeah, I can go along and pretend as much as I want.
But like when things quiet down and I'm by myself at home and I'm like thinking
about really what the future looks like, it was kind of scary, but, uh, journaling
was huge for me and started doing that.
Just kind of word vomit, honestly, just write it all out there.
Create some, you know, kind of create a
little bit of distancing yourself and your thoughts and, and talking to people
have helped, uh, not many people can really relate to where you're going through,
I guess.
And I think that's why I, I really benefited from having, uh, you know, going
to Bill Knowles, seeing him, talking to some of the other guys there and, and
relating on that, that level.
So, um, yeah, I mean, support, I can't speak highly enough of it.
Like when I just get wrapped up in my own head, I'm sure you guys know what it's
like when you just like, I don't need help.
I'm just going to handle it myself.
That's the way you've always done it.
But for me, it just kept getting worse that way.
So I started trusting the people around me and talking to them.
And I'm like, man, I'm having it.
I come home to my wife and just be like, I'm having a shitty day today.
Like just kind of give me a second. And I'm trying to figure out what's next.
And, and just stuff like that would really help us in our relationship and our
marriage and trying to raise two little rugrats and, and, uh, you know, that's,
um, yeah, so that's been a big part of it.
Gabe, I was just going to go back to the original injury for people who
haven't like really heard the story.
Like I remember when I heard you were out with a knee, like you always
assume it's like an ACL or whatever.
You just read knee, right?
But, um, from watching the trailer, it was a cut that you sustained.
And I want to say maybe it was in the bubble
and then something that was obviously stitched up.
You think it's a quad cut, you stitch it up,
you play through it as we all do.
And then it was something that kind of kept bothering you
and lingering on and it kept getting worse
and worse and worse.
So take us kind of through the timeline,
how the original injury happened
and kind of like what you had to do afterward.
Yeah, I mean, freak accident in the bubble the original injury happened and, and kind of like what you had to do afterward. Yeah.
I mean, freak, freak accident in the bubble where, you know, game six against
Dallas for kale kind of gets pushed from behind and he falls down and as he's
falling down, I think he's turning around and his skate just kind of comes up and
cuts me right on the quad.
We were worried about the quad tendon, the ruptured at first, but that turned out to not be the case.
And it turned out to be just kind of a last duration across, you know, we thought it was just originally skin, I guess, because the quad tendon was intact.
But it turned out that the vascular lateralis, which is the muscle that runs along the side of your quad, had been nicked.
And so we did some PRP on that to help heal that.
So three rounds of that finally helped.
And, and then I was back for training camp that next COVID shortened season.
Uh, and I keep in mind, like I'd never had any issues before the bubble.
And, and then it started kind of during that COVID shortened season, 2021, it
started bugging me a little bit, but not that bad and you just kind of during that COVID shortened season, 2021, it started bugging me a little bit, but not
that bad. And you just kind of manage it. And then it was the following fall, kind of the fall of
2021, where it started bugging me and then grinded through the first half of that season before we
did the first scope to clean it out. And then, and then yeah, then 20 games of playoff hockey will
do some damage.
Incredibly. You had 22 points.
Like, you were over a point per game. You're playing injured.
And in the first episode, you talk how it finally got feeling real good.
And I don't know, you know, that was after the scope, I'm assuming, right before playoffs.
And I think you said you stepped on the ice for, like, one of the first games.
And you're like, oh, my God.
Like, you had to play that whole playoff in brutal pain.
And then it's almost like you're able to just push it aside.
You played Unreal, you win it.
And then not only is it the come down from, you know,
winning it all, but it's like, now I gotta start doing this.
That was probably the most difficult thing.
And what was the pain like?
What was the feeling like?
Yeah, it's sharp.
It's sharp.
I mean, it's like, I keep saying it's like somebody's
putting a knife like in behind your kneecap.
It just, it's, and you can't, well, you can't do, you can, if you're standing straight, you're good.
And if you're on two legs, you're good. But to bend your, my right leg in this case, and to get any sort of flexion on one leg, there's no chance.
I couldn't do it. If I was kind of on both, both legs, I could do it.
And it was, it obviously is painful, but I'm not going to sit here and pretend
like I'm the only one that plays through pain in the playoffs.
Like you guys know what it's like.
And it, so everybody goes through it.
And I didn't think during the playoff run, I was going to sit here.
Two and a half years later, I really didn't.
I knew it was going to put some damage on it, but I'm like, I'll deal with it later.
It's like, just let's get through this.
We knew what, what a heck of a team we had and we knew what an opportunity we had.
And didn't want to miss that opportunity.
And I didn't want to have any regrets.
And, uh, you know, I used to, I just really had to figure it out afterwards.
And kind of after that partying start stops after, you know, a few weeks and I get back in the gym thinking, okay, I
just need to, you know, add some strength.
I just need to get the inflammation down and I just need this, that, but.
It took a long time and, and then come to realize we really need
that big surgery after all.
Being an athlete and hockey player, especially guys are always like, I'll
like you, like you said, I'll figure this out down the road.
What was the conversation when you had to have with your trainers to kind of go
back and revisit it and look at and get it scoped, was that kind of something that
you had to bring to them or was it you guys were on the same page the whole time?
Like how many opinions did you end up getting?
A lot, a lot, but in the fall of 2022, and this is like how my mind's working.
It's like my whole injury history now is like just there are these key dates, right?
So excuse me if I keep repeating the dates, but in the fall of 2022, I think it was the
start of September, I go to Chicago and I go to Minnesota to get two different opinions. And in Chicago was Dr.
Brian Cole, who's ultimately ended up doing my, my cartilage transplant.
And he flat out told me, and I was going in there ready to, for him to say like,
Oh, we can clean this up.
Like we can give you a better shot at this, the skate pain free.
But I remember him looking at me and just being like, man, there's obviously there's a lot of damage in there.
And now you have two options.
Option number one is you do a scope, try to clean it up.
You do rehab.
You take your time with it.
You add the strength you need.
You do this.
You do that.
And then if it's an acceptable kind of level, you can play on an acceptable level to you and to your team.
And you can kind of almost in a way, like if you can just suck up and play, do it.
But if you can't, he's like, you're your only other option.
Your only other hope is doing osteochondral allograft with a tibial tubercle osteotomy.
And the tibial tubercle osteotomy is when they cut your shin bone, like the top of
your tibia, which is that little bump that you have under your knee.
And mine's even bigger now because they like pulled it forward to create
more room inside the joint.
Um, and I'm sitting there September.
I'm like, I'm not ready.
What?
Yeah.
I'm not ready to write off the next year and a half.
I didn't feel like I'd given the first rehab like that much of a chance given
that we jumped into the playoffs playing every other day.
And granted, I didn't practice in the playoffs.
I just kind of waited for the games, but nonetheless, it's like a lot of hockey
and it's a lot of crashing and banging, obviously.
But so we ended up getting to doing the other route.
We went to Minnesota, did another scope and I'm like, okay, I'm just going to
take however many months it takes to like get my
rehab right this time.
And then we get into like month two and I'm like, there's no relief, like not
at all, like that was normally like month two, you're supposed to be able to
kind of get on the ice after a scope like that.
There was no shot.
And that's really when, when I started struggling, when I didn't see much hope. And here we are like December of 2022.
And, you know, you're still, cause you're still, I was still around the team and you
don't want to be that guy to drag everybody down into your thing.
But same time guys are wondering how you're doing.
They're worried about you and whatnot.
But so I ended up going back to to going back to Toronto for a bit.
And then with Philadelphia third rehab in there, it's a little bit of improvement
with Bill's training, but at the same time, it's like Bill always said with the cartilage
injury and the lesion that you have behind your kneecap, he's like the potholes already there.
Like there's not much you can, you can do with that. So yeah, then I skated a bit kind of started that new years, 2023 there,
February or something, then come right around as the guys were heading into the
playoffs, we were facing Seattle that year.
First round.
Um, I was bright as I was traveling with Seattle to the team.
I was having like, that's when I really started doing a lot of research into the
surgery and talking to people.
And, and I would talk to quote unquote, like normal people that have had it and
asked them about their, their journey and whatnot.
So, um, yeah, ended up settling on that.
And, and actually at that point, I was kind of getting excited.
I'm like, sweet, there's some hope.
There's some, there's, there might be a solution to this, um, you know, and, but you don't realize like how long the road actually is and
how many ups and downs there are.
I actually, like, I know it sounds crazy, but I know how you feel.
I had an osteotomum on my foot and how crazy it is where you're actually cutting
like a piece of the bone out.
And so I know when you talk about that feeling of just like, Oh, it's not,
it's not getting better. Like like, oh, it's not getting
better. It's devastating. And then what you say too is so true, of having some hope, like,
all right, I'm into this surgery. And now it's like, all right, after this, I'm going to feel
better. So since all the rehab, since the big surgery that you had, what has been your best
moment? Because you need wins along the way. If you had moments you look back on, you're like, Like, what has been like your best moment, right?
Like what is, cause you need wins along the way.
Like if you had moments you look back on,
you're like, all right, yes, like I'm feeling something.
I'm feeling alive again per se when it comes to my career
and what I love to do.
Yeah, I mean, I've had some really good skates.
Like I had, I've had some really good skates
where I'm like, okay, just get me out there.
Just put me out there right now.
Get me in the lineup.
I'm ready. And then it's such a delicate thing where it's like, there's so many components.
And then, you know, it goes to.
At one point, it wasn't even about the knee.
It was about the quad and like kind of my neurological damage that was done after
that cut, and then you play on it.
So your, your, your, your muscles in your body, the way it moves kind of.
It compensates right.
And getting rid of old compensation patterns.
And there's so many delicate things, but there's definitely been skates where I'm
like, okay, I'm, I'm ready.
I can, if it stays like this, I'm good.
Uh, but you've got to keep training and you kind of, you can't go from here to.
The plane, you got to kind of earn, earn every step and that's what we're trying to do.
And, and I think we're getting closer.
We keep training in the right direction.
Uh, and obviously there's, there's a lot of work to do still, but I'm excited
about where we're at and, uh, yeah.
Did you, uh, did you, so you had 22 points in playoffs when you weren't practicing?
I mean, it's what Joe Sacaggo says.
He's like, rest really is a weapon.
And I don't know, it's just like,
I don't know, it's the playoffs.
You're running on adrenaline, and for me,
it's just like the extra practice was not worth it for me
when I wasn't feeling good.
And obviously in games, you know, you get that adrenaline pumping
completely different than you are going up and down the ice, doing, doing drills.
So he's kind of do what it takes.
Uh, and, uh, and I think that I'm in no different than a lot of other guys that
way.
What were you taking?
Advil a little deep cold on the rub there.
Yeah, a little maybe a bud Kilmer special.
That's it.
A little ice pack before to freeze it up. You shut Kilmer special. That's it. Before the games.
A little ice pack before to freeze it up.
You'd shut your mouth if you knew it was good for you.
It's so like when you're playing,
you just never want to practice,
especially the dog days of the year,
but now you're probably like,
would do anything to be out there with the guys, right?
You know what?
That's 100 true.
But also there's so many things like that.
Not just to practice him, but it just like pregame meals
on the road that you eat 41 times
and eventually they get, you eat the same thing,
but like I would die to go in there
and see that spread right now.
Or just to get like the dinners on the road
and just, I don't know, the shitty practice drinks
you go to on the road sometimes,
like all that stuff that you really don't,
all the stuff that you just, you just naturally take for granted
because you do it so much, but man, I miss it.
I miss the guys, the camaraderie.
I'll see them around a lot, but you know, you're not in the heat of the battle.
Um, you know, the, the moments in locker room, the travel, all the good stuff.
Uh, but also like just, I don't know, just to compete, just being in there
and competing and actually, you know, sitting across the room from somebody
and you, you know, you're, you're trying to accomplish the same thing as he is.
And, and you're, you might be doing it differently, but you're all pulling
on the rope in the same way.
And I think that compete with that, that team aspect.
I mean, as you guys would know, there's
there's not much out there that that does the same thing as that does for you.
Are you, so you mentioned you're still around, but like are you at every
game, are you at practices, like are you still around that much? Yeah I'm around
but I wouldn't say I go to every game. I try to go as much as I can and when kind
of the schedule allows it, but a lot of the time I'm at the
rink early the next day you go to the game, you're, you're not in bed until
11, 1130, so it's just a little bit counterproductive that way at times.
But I try to kind of line my schedule.
So I'm at the rink with the guys, but at the same time, it's kind of
overlap a little bit and maybe I'm just finishing when those guys are getting
in or maybe I'm starting right as they're getting out.
Uh, you know, at times when it hasn't, when I haven't been feeling good, you
know, physically and mentally for that matter, like I don't, I don't necessarily
always want to be there when the guys are there because you then, yeah, it hurts
more.
Yeah.
It hurts more.
You, you realize where you're missing.
You you're out on kind of the inside talk, the inside jokes.
You're out on all that.
You haven't been there.
And it's just same reason I don't always watch the games is because when I wasn't
doing well, I'm like, I can't relate to like, I'm so far from that right now.
But then when you're doing better and you're like, man, you kind of get that
itch again and you start paying attention more closely and seeing what's going on.
And, but I remember the first, that first ball and that 22, 23 snow and the 23, 24 season started after my surgery.
I was trying to like actually sit down and watch the games.
Like I was trying to take notes who's playing well, who's not, but are the lines trying to stay like mentally fresh.
But I'm like, man, but I'm like man. This is not a join this I'm like I'm sitting here like it mobilized trying to trying to just gain some some strength in my quad and
monitor swallowing things like that just like
I'm like it's a different life right now and one day I'll be able to do that
But it wasn't at that point now. I'm I'm excited about where we're at as a team
I go to the games as much as I can.
And yeah, I'm excited about what's next.
Excited about where I can take this thing.
How much are you talking to Nate?
And I was gonna ask, I think it's pretty well documented
that when he's in his intense moods,
that you're the calming effect,
or were when you were in the locker room.
How much do you miss that?
And how proud are you
to see what he's been able to accomplish
the last couple of years?
Because he's elevated his game to where I think
that a lot of people could argue
he's the best player in the world.
I mean, he's gonna probably win another MVP,
did last year, like it's remarkable
what he's been able to accomplish.
He got rid of the dead weight on his left side.
And he just flourished.
Uh.
Brandon? Both him and he's on the right.
Yeah.
And that first, that first year after both him and me core, I have a career
of years, I started getting low.
You're like, Hey guy, you said,
but, um, yeah, I mean, crazy.
I mean, I get a front row seat to what Nate's doing and I'm, I can't say I'm
surprised, I see, I see how much he puts into it.
Uh, it's a pretty clear reflection of what he gets out of it and how dedicated
obviously that's not a secret.
Um, but just his will to continue to get better and whatever he had 140 points
and he's still tweaking his stick
pattern and he's still getting new gloves trying it all out.
He's just like, he's always looking to get better.
He does.
There's not a stone that he's not going to turn.
And, and for me getting to watch the guys and it hasn't been easy at times.
It's been a bumpy road.
Um, you know, with a lot of turnover since, since I last played, I think there
was eight or there's maybe eight guys left, nine guys left,
but I wish I could be in there.
And it's like one thing to talk leadership and whatnot and maybe what I bring, but
I might sound selfish to say this, but I'm like, I'm so balls deep into kind of
saving my career and trying to get back as a hockey player that like being a
leader to the guys hasn't been kind of an option for me for
a long time, you know, it wasn't.
And at the same time, I mean, what, what am I going to say?
I haven't played in three years.
Am I going to walk in there and do a rah rah and say, guys now change this.
F1 needs to do that.
Like, I don't know.
I don't think there's a whole lot of weight to that necessarily.
Obviously I'm around and I'm talking to guys and, and checking in on everybody.
But I think it's allowed guys like Nate and kale and, and, and Taser and, and a
lot of these guys around the room to kind of get out of their comfort zone a little
bit.
I think that's what happens.
It's never a one man show.
It's, it's always by committee.
I think guys can contribute with a lot of different ways,
but it's allowed everybody to take a step out of their comfort zone.
Lyle Dyer I'm sure you're sick of talking about all this stuff and that's why you're doing the
documentary, but before we move on, I know you have a young family. Is it important for them
to see you go through this grind and get back know, get back to where you were and, you know, just them seeing the hard work you
put in?
Well, like I think to me it's important to show it to them, but at the same time,
I remind myself all the time, like they're five and four now.
They were a year and a bit and two and a half when we won, when I last played.
I don't think a four and a five year old are walking around thinking, Oh, how
hard is daddy working today?
Or like, is he striving towards his goals?
Or is he getting closer?
Like, is he facing adversity?
Like they're obviously not, but I think at the, I'm not doing it for Gabe
today or for my kids today.
I'm like, it's down the road, right?
When like they might realize the lesson maybe you're and myself, like I'm like, fuck, I started it.
You know, I'm going to keep going.
Um, and I, you know, I mentioned this the other day to somebody, I used to
always think that like success and winning and, and, and getting past this
part of this injury and like getting through, I guess on the other side is,
has always just been one.
The Nario and like, it's just, yeah, if you can come back and play
and finish your contract, that's what it looks like.
But I think I've realized during this journey, it's like, I don't know.
I'm still going at it.
Like it's been two and a half years.
Like I'm in my book, I'm already kind of winning.
Like I think a lot of people would have called it by now and, and I've had it.
You know, I made enough money to, to call it and whatnot and be happy.
And I've got a great family and whatnot.
It just, but to me that burnt that fire just kind of inside is still there.
And I started it.
I want to keep going and, uh, you know, I've committed to it.
So obviously the kids, I, I want to be to be able to see them on the glass of a warmup again.
And I'll continue working and we'll see where it takes me.
Do you bring your mind to the future at all
as if like, and not to be negative,
like if it were not to work out
and you weren't be able to play,
you say like right now you really miss that compete, right?
Like would you ever maybe want to get into being a GM
or a coach to, to kind
of get back in that environment that you miss so much and I don't mean to like,
I hope you're able to accomplish your goal of coming back.
It's just like, I, I don't know if you've thought about it, if it's not a possibility.
Well, I've thought about it.
I've had plenty of time to think about it, but it's, I think I, I don't know.
I used to push those thoughts aside and I'm sure you guys will hear more about
this when you, when you watch this thing, but it's like, I used to push them aside
and just ignore them and I'm like, nah, I'm not, I'm not ready for that, but.
That's so much time I've started.
You obviously have entertained it.
Um, yeah, there's a bunch of things even outside of hockey that interests me.
And I don't know exactly what that is, but I've at least allowed myself to.
To explore it in my mind and we'll see, we'll see.
But obviously hockey is like, you know, it's what I've done since I was five years old.
Right.
Like that's kind of all, you know, and yeah, you pay attention in school, but
that's always been secondary and like hockey, you just, you just think.
And obviously, as I mentioned before, like you take it for granted is there
as you work through it, you get through injuries and you just assume there's
always like the other side and I, I know I'm fortunate and I also know there's a
lot of like, not many guys get to go out the way they want to, like I'm very aware
of that and I think that's, that's a reality that I, you know, that you see firsthand
all the time and it just, but I think we always tell ourselves, no, it's
going to go this way, you're going to finish your contract.
You're going to do this.
You're going to do that.
And then you're going to just sit there and you're going to say, no, that's it.
But you know, I, I don't think just because you're entertaining other
things means you're, you're checked out by any means.
I, I, I'm still very committed to what I'm doing, but I've been in the gym
just about six days a week for almost three years.
It's like, I can't always be thinking about my knee.
And I think I, I was at the start and it just made me exhausted.
And I feel like I felt like I was missing out on life for a while.
And just like I was.
Social life went to shit and my wife was like, are we ever going to see other
people or are we just going to hang out here and watch you do your modalities
all night? Like it just became, it just became so strict that I had to like, I
had to let go a little bit.
I had to kind of loosen the straps a bit of just like, I can't keep,
I can't just keep living and breathing this because it gets exhausting and I'm
going to burn the candle on both ends.
So I had to loosen up and I think that helped from a mindset a bit.
It's great to hear that the mindset's changed a little bit.
Yeah, I can just weigh you down, but you're also thinking like, I need to be like
this if I'm going to make it back.
But it leads here. we get the last question Gabe
Presented by rollback use the code chicklets on rollback calm for a generous 20 off your first purchase through the end of this week
That's chic let s on our H o B a C K calm
20 off all hoodies joggers and more with code chicklets ej. He's back. We were talking about it before
before the interview it was hilarious how Nate's like yeah I don't know how much he's gonna play but it's awesome having him back but I mean how cool is
that for you I mean a good buddy you won a cup with him were you excited and have
you chatted with him since he got traded back there from Philly? Oh yeah he was
bugging me for you know right away right away, uh, making sure that, that I was
aware of what we had just done.
And, and, uh, obviously very exciting.
And he's, you know, throughout the last couple of years, he's always checked in
and he's, he's always paid attention to how our team's doing, how we're doing,
how his friends are doing, but, um, it's kind of crazy.
Like I walked into the gym the other day and he's sitting on, sitting on a bike.
I'm like, what the fuck?
How did you get back here?
And how I wanted the equipment staff just to fuck with them, but give
them a shitty training camp number.
Like, I don't know, 50, give them something in the fifties, but they would.
It's good to have him back.
He's loved by the abs faithful.
And, and, uh, I think he brings a lot to our team.
I think, you know, that his personality and, and it's never a bad day type of thing.
I think it'll be good for us.
And yeah, we'll see.
He's, I think he's still got some lesson in saying too.
Gabe, thank you so much for like coming on and talking about this and like, you
know, sharing your, you know, your journey and what you've been able to
experience throughout the process.
I thought I would ask one more, uh, how much of an appreciation do you have for
like the physio people and the surgeons and all the people you've been able to
work with at a professional level?
Like it's crazy where it's the science and everything's gotten and they really care.
Yeah.
But it's such a thank you for bringing that up because it's like, you don't
realize how much goes into it.
And a lot of these people that, you know, I guess so many people to the bit in my
corner and help me from, from kind of day one, but, um, it's a lot, it's a lot that goes into it.
And, and, you know, obviously my schedule is, is somewhat irregular at times and, and that means their schedule is irregular times and, and they put in the extra work and, and, uh, you know, it, it
really is the team effort and from going from being strictly a guy that's in the
room and you got your 23 teammates in a circle and now you go to, you almost have
to pivot like, okay, this is my team now and it's my wife and it's my dad and it's
my trainer and, and, uh, treatment and, and a coach, right?
So that becomes your team.
And those are the people that you almost talk more.
You talk to them more than you talk to your teammates and you just have to lean
on them.
So that's been, I guess, so many people to thank and it's been, uh, you know,
they, they know who they are and, and it's been, uh, it's been a treat and it's
been a long journey, but we still got work to do.
You being a beloved guy around the league and I know everybody's, you know, wishing,
wishing you back as, as quick as possible.
And, uh, you know, you're, you're missed out there on the ice for sure.
But what'd you, what'd you think of the Rantan deal?
That's what Biz wanted me to ask you.
I wrote it in the chat.
Cause I said, I got my last question and I'm like, please ask him over and,
you know who the real winner in the all this is Ross.
Yeah.
You got a Rolex and his number.
That is nice.
I don't know.
I got to square it up on Saturday.
The stars come into town on Sundays.
So we're going to take Nico out.
We're going to air it all out, but, uh, I love Nico.
Mico is a like a finished little brother to me.
And it just, uh, I obviously wish we still had him, but I understand there's a
business and I understand he, you know, it was a great chance for him to get paid.
I get it.
Uh, but you know, he's got a lot of dough.
He's got a lot of dough.
I can't argue that.
He better be paying for dinner.
Who's picking up the tab?
McFarlane and Sackett or Ratanen? argue that. He better be paying for dinner. Who's picking up the tab? McFarlane and Sackett or Renton?
Mika will be paying for it.
Yep.
Biz, notice how he said his Finnish little brother.
Well, buddy, you're a legend.
Best of luck in your journey continuing and we hope to see you back on the ice.
Yeah, I think that I know you said, what are you going to go in there and then give a
rah rah speech without playing and being in the battle every night?
Dude, I'm not on that team, but if you came in and talked to that group, I can't
imagine how fired up they'd be.
So it's all my God.
It would be, it would be
I was ready to run through the wall, listening to what he's dealt with.
I appreciate it guys.
Thank you for having me on.
Hey, good luck, man.
with. I appreciate it guys. Thank you for having me on. Hey, good luck man.
Guys, did you know that fast-growing trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million
happy customers? 2 million happy customers. And the biggest online
nursery in the United States? They have all the plants your yard needs like fruit trees,
privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs, and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in,
fast-growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and your space.
Fast-growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard. Order online and get your plants delivered
directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home.
You could sit on the couch, you could pick out which trees you want that'll make your
yard look perfect, and then you can order them and they get delivered.
That's fast growing trees.
They're alive and thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy, plus
get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right
plants, and learn how to care for them. The fact that Fast Growing Trees became a sponsor of this
show as, maybe a day before or a day after, my wife and I said, we need some trees for the backyard.
We got to get some privacy trees. And boom, all of a sudden, fast growing trees. It was just, it was a sign. I'm so lucky. It's been so easy. Anyone who needs anything for
their yard, shrubs, trees, it doesn't matter. Get to fast growing trees. It's so simple, so easy.
And this spring, they have their best deals for your yard. Up to half off on select plants and
other deals. And listeners to our show get 15
off their first purchase when using the code CHICKLITS at checkout. That's an
additional 15 off. Fastgrowingtrees.com. Use the code CHICKLITS at
checkout. Fastgrowingtrees.com. Code CHICKLITS. Now's the perfect time to
plant. Use CHICKLITS to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time. Terms and
conditions may apply.
Guys, we are so lucky to be sponsored by Body Armor. That's what we got to to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time. Terms and conditions may apply.
Guys, we are so lucky to be sponsored by Body Armor. That's what we got to talk about right now. The best water in the world. Gee, I need you to go into how many flash IVs from Body Armor
you've drank or drunk, whatever the word may be, since Brad Marshawn got traded.
I've gone through about three of these packs of the sticks, the six packs of sticks.
The lemon lime is incredible.
And then- That's my favorite flavor.
The cucumber lime, this is my new favorite.
I mean, I was a big fruit punch guy before,
but I am just crushing these flash IVs
after just Brad Marshawn and the Bruins ripped my heart out.
Yeah, I've never seen it prove medically
that heartache from losing your favorite player
and your captain can be fixed through Body Armor Flash IV
or any IV, but I think you're proof
because you don't look that bad
for the heartbreak you've taken.
I feel great.
Okay, that's because of Body Armor Flash IV.
It's packed with electrolytes,
provides faster and stronger lasting hydration.
No artificial
flavors, sweeteners or dyes, none of that crap. All good things and great tasting flavors. Strawberry
and kiwi, tropical punch. Body Armor Flash IV gives your body the rehydration it needs to recover.
Get yours at a local 7-Eleven or on Amazon today. Thank you so much that Gabriel Landiscau. Hopefully he's able to make it
back. What a story that will be. I watched the first episode. It's great. Everyone check
that out when you're able to. We should stay in Colorado quickly because Eric Johnson traded
back pretty cool story and he won the Stanley Cup there. He spent so many years as a member
of the Avs and he was so thrilled. I mean I think, Biz, what did you say he said?
Oh, he goes, whatever they need from me at my age. If it's 15 minutes, 10 minutes, five
minutes, fuck it. They need to shovel the ice between TV timeouts, I'll do it. So that's
the type of attitude from a Wiley veteran who's comfortable in that locker room and
a guy who, you know, if he gets thrown in as that 5'6", you know, at any point, I think he could really calm things down and adds a great sense of humor as well.
So, very happy for him and he had some great comments to say about Joan Zebrier and everybody in Philadelphia and not only how he was treated, but his time there.
So, just a classy guy and a guy that you want, you know, kind of like a Luke Shen, right? Like a salt of the earth character guy who you're going to need in a long
playoff run in case he needs to get thrown in the mix.
So as you said, very, very happy for him and a great, great move for them.
Cause you know, you know, in playoffs, like there's going to be some injuries
to you back end guys are getting hit every shift.
You bring him in as a seven guy, he can play like he said, five minutes,
10 minutes, 15 minutes, it's like what they did.
They did it with Jack Johnson, bringing in a veteran guy.
I love that deal and everything I've heard about a big horn as they call them,
uh, is, is, is great stuff and bringing him into a group that he's familiar with.
And especially with a guy like Nate,'s wound tight and, you know,
always in that, you know, let's go get it mode.
He can probably take a little bit off of him,
especially in the locker room, obviously not on the ice,
but yeah, I think it's a great deal and I think he's going to help them out.
I actually got a text from the other night.
They went out and celebrated, not hard,
but celebrated McKinnon's 100th point
of the season. He had three against the Leafs and hit that mark. So yeah, definitely going to add
that character in the locker room and unwind Nate to the perfect tone.
It's March and they're celebrating the 100 points.
I think that it was his 999th career point too. So he's won more than 1,000.
And you see his quotes, I think he was asked about
Eric Johnson, he's like,
yeah, I don't know how much he's gonna play,
but it's just so nice having him back,
just straight to the fact.
Yeah, EJ, call my water bottle.
EJ, he'll still text me sometimes,
are you wearing a thong?
He fucked with me the whole Olympics,
he's like 14 years younger than me,
just torturing me, something about a thong
I still don't get the joke. I'm gonna call the PA for bullying. They came in Patrick Kane
You weren't a thong with something. I'm like, I still don't know the joke boys
But I lost I wrote there I left I think we talked about it with him, but I don't remember
Showed up my brain
Guys, let's go back to the East
Brady could shock. Oh my god weekend Guys, let's go back to the East.
Brady gets shocked.
Oh my God.
What a weekend.
He had some heartbreak.
One of his best friends, one of his closest people in his life, Josh Norris, gets traded
over to Buffalo for Dylan Cousins.
Not super surprising deal with Cousins moving, but Norris was kind of out of nowhere.
I think people on the inside knew, I heard after like his name had been out there,
but you could tell the emotion for him just based on the interview he did where he's fighting
back tears.
Like that's how much this guy meant to him.
And you wonder what will happen moving forward, but didn't slow him down in the games this
weekend, Biz.
No, I thought I actually really liked the move for Ottawa.
And Dylan Cousins came over and he said, he goes,
I think towards the end of my time in Buffalo,
he lost a little bit of his bite to his game.
And you saw in the pass where he's sticking up for teammates.
And I think Ray Ferraro was pretty hard on the other night.
I think it was maybe Dahlene who got ran
and maybe a lack of response.
But I think it was maybe Dahlene who got ran and maybe a lack of response but I think that you know playing in Buffalo can take the
spirits out of anybody's game and I really think that his love and passion
and bite will be rejuvenated in that second line center role come Ottawa and
also like they have a obviously a better culture they obviously have other guys
there that can take the focus off of him. So I like the upside actually better for Ottawa in
this trade and also the fact and and no disrespect to Norris but he's had three
shoulder surgeries right so he has had a little bit of the injury bug so you're
getting maybe a guy with a better healthier track record than Norris and
and a guy who's already locked in for,
I think another what, four or five years
at a pretty good number.
So an incredible game by Brady to follow up
that emotional press conference though.
He scores the first goal of the game for them
to cut the lead to 2-1.
And then, you know, all of a sudden it's 3-1.
They mount the comeback, goes to overtime
and Stutsel slides it over.
Brady could chuck with an unreal
celly and then more post game comments on the mic in front of the crowd. They're chanting his name
Brady Brady. He's like you you guys you guys got me going and they're just all fucking jerking their
cocks off like I'm loving their captain. So they better they gotta get in playoffs because if I'm
them and their fan base I get nervous as hell at the fact
that if they don't, and then next year doesn't start out the
right way, it can't end up like Matthew, you can't you can't
lose.
You're on a day on a day of selfish. You're throwing it on
it. You're throwing it out. You can't join me, biz. Join me.
No, I'm not. Listen, I think that the culture has been established.
I think Travis Green has done an exceptional job.
I think this team's headed in the right direction.
Yans, you said they're not going to make playoffs.
Bullshit.
I think they're going to make playoffs.
I think they're a lot to make playoffs.
I know Senators fans don't want to hear that.
I think they're a lot to get in.
I think they're going to make playoffs.
And this is going to be the turn of things to come.
And I think they're going to be in good shape. So that's good news for sends nation and they got to be very very optimistic
Despite I would say probably what right before for nations things were getting off the rails a little bit again
And who knows they were in limbo there, but their captain's happy
He's playing at the top of his game 26 goals and wait
I think you touched on it a few pods ago.
Like there was a period of time where I don't think he had a goal
for like 10, 15 games, but it didn't matter.
He was still bringing energy.
He was still contributing in other areas, but now he's back to scoring
and they're looking great and poised for, for a playoff.
So good, good news Sends Nation.
I just think about that press conference that Brady had, you
know, showing his
emotion and it really just proves to me how, and we all know this because we
know who he is, but it just proves how good of a leader he is, how good of a,
you know, teammate, a friend he is.
Like that's the worst part about the game is the trades, you losing your friends,
especially your close friends like that.
It's brutal, but what a gamer just showing up and doing what he's supposed to do, like he does every single night, puts the team on his back, gets him a
huge win.
I said they weren't going to make the players.
I want them to.
I want them to, I really want Brady in the playoffs.
The league needs him in the playoffs.
We saw what he brought during four nations.
You've been seeing him in the media now, you know, he's a household name.
So I think the league needs him in the playoffs.
Hopefully they can get it done.
It's just, it's one of those things where it needs to, it needs to get done.
Cause if they don't, then they could be saying, sayonara Brady.
Don't say it.
If we get, you just said it first.
If we get Dallas, Colorado and somehow Florida, Ottawa in the first round, I'm going to say, listen,
Bri, you're going to see me on that coach from 7 PM to 1 AM.
And then you're not going to see me until 7 PM the next night.
And they can't have them play on the same night,
although I guess it'd be East-West.
Yeah, you could tell.
The Kachuk stock right now, it's like the video stock during fucking the shutdown during the lockdowns
This is what these guys and their old man are doing for the league and the attention that they're drawing to it along with not
Only on ice play but these fucking press conferences and media scrums
It's remarkable like these guys are these guys have helped the league out so much man
It's it's it's I don't know how they do it.
WWE rock stars.
I remember when, in Long Island, Armies talked about it,
when he got traded for Hossa, him, Eric Christensen,
and I think it was Prospect, first round,
a huge deal for Hossa and Pascal Dupuis.
That was my first time thinking like,
oh, a good buddy, he's gone.
It sure as shit the next year it was me.
But that first time that a close friend, and I don't think it's the first time one of
Brady's close buddies has been traded.
Maybe I'm wrong.
But it is jarring.
And then like he's the captain, he's up there talking to the media, he has to answer the
hard questions.
Like, no wonder he got emotional.
But Biz, you're kind of right. Cousins, you think he would just be like,
oh, I'm going to play.
Like leaving Buffalo to go to a contender,
or even a team just trying to get in the playoffs,
it's got to be like a seven-year-old showing up
to Disney World and having Mickey just immediately walk up
to you and put the ears on your head.
It's this wild feeling.
And a free FastPass.
Free FastPass, free VIP pass even.
And he gets to stay at the Brooks Street.
No, he'll be at the Conrad.
He'll be at the Brooks Street Hotel in Ottawa.
Oh, no.
Remember that hotel?
Oh, that's Houghton-Kinata.
Oh, yeah, you just sit there.
Back to the Brooks Street.
We did a playoff series two years in a row there.
I didn't step foot outside
Great hotel is just in the middle of nowhere. Just the feeling of being in contention. Oh my god
It was crazy though to see like Darlene getting bullied and Ray Frada was like, ah remember cousins
So remember he fought Hathaway Hathaway kind of gave it to him good that might have been you know one thing where it's like
We're in last place. Like I just got my head punched in
been, you know, one thing where it's like, we're in last place. Like I just got my head punched in.
I don't know if I'm willing to still do this. Boys, I hate to, I hate to do this to Sabres fans right now. And keep in mind, I don't, I don't dig for this information. Like it's given to me by
the people who really, really matter and who move the needle as far as the insiders. But
move the needle as far as the insiders. But apparently Dahlien met with Kevin Adams
and he said that if this doesn't turn around fast,
I'm gonzo's.
Oh God.
They didn't need this.
Thank God Josh Allen resigned today
or we could see some real problems on Tehauwa Street.
I think that Dahlien is a world-class defense
and that's just fed up with
the maybe some of the negligence that's been going on in Buffalo for far too long since
he stepped in that organization. So could you imagine losing Eichel losing all these
other guy? Oh, Ryan O'Reilly. The list goes on and on and on of guys.'ve got rid of. Reinhardt, 50 goal guy.
And you could potentially be losing
your all-star defenseman in Dahlien,
who is not happy with the way things have gone.
So if they don't get him help and get it to him quick,
nah, nah, nah, nah.
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye.
Do you blame him, Biz?
No, fuck no.
The fact that he's still there, I'm shocked.
More positive news, though.
Sticking in the east, Olivier, Matthew Olivier,
an absolute nail gun leading the league in majors,
gets an unbelievable contract.
I can't remember the last time a fighter got a deal
that was this healthy, but my God, well deserved.
Six years, three million dollars a year, 18 sheets
for what I would say is the heavyweight champ right now.
That Gajdjevic fight after he signed that deal
that other night in Florida,
just it solidifies the fact that he is the top dog.
He's the hungriest fighter in the league,
and he's willing to go anyone in their mother right now.
Anybody, anybody.
Then he scored against the Rangers too.
I think it's his 13th.
He like, what, dude, sometimes it's, 13th. He like what dude sometimes it's
actually a lot of time timings everything and I'm saying the word time
a lot right now but this guy to be a UFA this season and have this year with the
year Columbus had so it's not just him lighting up it's like and we're winning
and everyone feels safe when I'm on the when I'm on the Like, you can't tell me having a guy like that
doesn't open up skill players games.
Fantilly gets the hat trick his second of the year
in Madison Square Garden this weekend.
Everything is going the right way in Columbus.
Did you see Wierenski's assist over to Danforth?
Biz?
I don't see it.
He's amazing.
MVP conversation?
Dude, dude.
MVP conversation?, yeah conversation
He told drag some poor bastard and then just slides it over then he had another nice assist later in the game
That team is awesome to watch. I I feel bad because it's really hard with Detroit
And I've been pumping up the Rangers tires, but I want Ottawa and I want Columbus as my two wild cards
I've switched again this week might be different next week
But right now and Columbus will not will not be a team that I don't want to see get in
I just think the term they gave him is kind of crazy
Like I wonder how they look at that give them the give them the big payday and will and will add on the year
So the you know the hit isn't bad at three
But the way he plays if he makes it six more years playing like that that would be Hall of Fame worthy
in itself and also even since the four nations a resurgence in fighting like
every I feel like there's a way more dust-ups recently every time I'm looking
turn on the TV there's a scrum here scrum there guys are chucking bombs you
got Tom Wilson versa Brady could Chuck you got the heavyweights a little bit more involved now. So with the
relevancy of that and a guy that you could trust where I'm looking at the
like the other night against the Rangers Olivier, 17 minutes of ice time. Like
that's not a fourth, that's not just a fourth liner. That's a guy who could
fucking play man. I didn't know he's playing that much. I mean, that's not what he's getting every night,
but in the last five games,
he's gotten over 17 minutes twice,
and he's usually around that 12 minute mark.
So he's an effective player
who can run guys through the wall,
and one of the more intimidating guys
to play against in the league.
And I gotta go to check out Wierenski's numbers,
but I think he hit the 20 goal mark the other night,
didn't he?
Yeah, and he's dominating.
G actually just sent to the chat here.
He's 75 to one to win the heart trophy.
Oh, if you want some odds like DraftKings Sportsbook app, but it also is the bet.
It's like they're just going to give it to McKinnon or Leon.
Like, I feel like they it's now just like leading score.
They're both at this ridiculous
pace. You get one guy is going to win the rock of a shard, the other guy is probably
going to win MVP and it's hard. Leon's actually minus 150, that makes sense to me. What a
season he's had. Yeah, Columbus was kind of quiet on the trade front. What else stood
out to you Biz in any wild card races as a team you're like,
hmm, interested? I like the fact that Detroit went and got out Mirazek. I like him. I think he's an
incredible goaltender. I thought he looked great in Chicago. It is sometimes easier when you're
getting peppered every night to get your numbers up there. The only issue with Detroit right now,
though, boys, is they have the most difficult strength of schedule in the league right now
going into this final stretch and
They got all these other teams nipping at that wild card including the Rangers
so I
Don't I I'm not as confident in Detroit getting in the playoffs right now as maybe I was a month ago
So Detroit fans might not be happy
to hear that but they didn't really do much at the deadline other than Mirazic to move the needle. So
the time isn't now. The time is moving forward for Detroit but at this break though still an
incredible season. You just hate to see them miss by like a couple points like they did last year when they got fucked by Washington. So I don't really have much to talk about as far as Detroit's concerned
or more of the Eastern wild card, but there is a lot of noise going on out west in that
wild card as well.
Before we go to the Western wild card race, we should bring up, was Yanni Gord traded?
Had we covered that last show or was that this week as well?
We haven't talked about Tampa. A couple undercover moves getting Bjork Strand and Yanni Gord,
Lalonde, who was on the panel at Sportsnet had some great comments about how he's a very confident
guy, very similar to like a Stankhoven where he's a puck hound right maybe not a hockey
sense that's gonna blow you away but a type of guy where you want from an
energy standpoint on a third line to help change momentum in a game and and
in some cases can maybe hop up on the second line if they need be so like
those sneaky moves I thought maybe a little bit of an overpayment but
Brisebois he, I'm giving this team
every opportunity to win now.
And I thought that the moves were solid in order to try to make a playoff push.
I think it's going to be Toronto, Tampa.
And looking at the way that both teams are playing right now, I would say that that's
a coin flip.
So Coop's going to have the boys ready to go and a
great move by Breezebois getting those two guys. Keith I gotta ask your
opinion on something because Breezebois had a quote that it's interesting and
I like it but he said I'd rather have a lineup full of good players than a bank
then bank a ton of draft picks because I think ultimately what we're trying to do
is win hockey games. We want to win a lot of hockey games this season, next season, every season.
We're chasing a championship now this season, but we're going to be chasing a championship next season and for the foreseeable future.
As a fan, you got to love this because the dark days, the days that the Bruins are headed toward, the days that the Penguins are in, those are coming.
So just go until it, what is it? Ride her until she bucks you? Fizz, is
that the saying? You live on Jail. I said you ride it till the wheels fall off. So Keith,
what do you think? Like how sick is that being on Tampa knowing, yeah, all right,
every year we're gonna do what we can to give it a go. Yeah, I think, I think if
you're a player that's what you want your GM, you know, thinking
and doing.
And anytime you got Vasilevsky, Kucherov, Point, you got to be all in to win.
What good is a, you know, 30th overall pick or, you know, the second round pick, like
when you can trade away those picks and get guys that are going to come in and help your
team win.
And Brizwa, he's proven it.
He's hitting home runs on these deals that he's made.
Um, so I think there's zero questioning his, his, uh, logic to that.
And you look, you look at the teams that are, you know, the top of the
echelon, Vegas, when I think of them, I think Vegas, Florida, Tampa,
throw Edmonton, Colorado in there too.
Those are the teams that are trading away all their draft picks, getting players,
getting guys in who can help them win now. Because at the end of the day, the shelf life for a GM,
I mean, I know Breezeball has been there for a while, but it's not very long. So you have to
win. You can't just be like, Hey, we got, you know, five, six years to figure this thing out. It's, I think every team is, or should be in the win now mode.
And in those, those GMs that are doing it, uh, between Florida, Vegas, Tampa,
Colorado, they're proving what they're doing is helping them win.
And, you know, at the end of the day, the fans want to see Stanley Cups.
The players want to see Stanley Cups.
That's, that's what, and it's so hard to win, but the end of the day, the fans want to see Stanley Cups. The players want to see Stanley Cups. That's that's what it's so hard to win.
But the biggest thing is you're getting gassed when that begins anyway.
Like you won't you won't be there dealing with it.
So it makes total sense.
But you see people like they got no draft picks, like who cares, dude?
They have a chance to win the Cup.
But it is nuts how hard it is to win and how much luck that goes into it. Make all these deals. Boom. Somebody gets injured.
Boys, if I'm Toronto though, seeing Vasileski get hot the way he's getting hot over the
last 18 games. Oh my God.
And you know, Cooch like nobody's talking about Cooch this year. He's just having a
sick season once again. And it's, he never has that discussion. I voted for him for MVP. We're now getting to the quick hits
presented by Dove Men's Plus Care.
Finally, a scrub design for men's needs.
I have needs, guys, I know you two do as well,
and Dove Men's Plus Care gives me that.
It has what I need, and I added the new Dove Men Plus Care
body and face scrubs to my shower routines.
You should do as well.
I think you guys could tell my skin looks pretty nice, right?
I was gonna say. Yeah, it was great.
Thanks guys, I appreciate that.
That's all because of Dove.
You use it in the shower, bath, or at your sink,
apply to wet skin, rinse clean,
and follow with your favorite Dove Men Plus Care
body wash or cleansing bar.
I like the bar, I think bars last longer almost and then you
don't have to deal with the bottle that stays in the shower for like two weeks
because I never throw it out. So I'm a bar guy. The scrub transforms how you and
your skin feel. It's made for your face, body, scalp, etc. You want to try Dove Men
Plus Care? Find it at Walmart today. So on to the quick hits. First a little off
hockey news. The Bob Does Sandbagger is coming out.
Let's go baby.
At noon Eastern. I got, I got it. I, I, I got a little, um,
what do they call it when you get to see it first?
Little VIP showing. Sneak peek. Sneak peek.
It's very funny. Keith.
I'm so excited because I don't remember shit.
Those two in this match,
we get to the eighth or ninth hole and you're like, Oh,
this is where I just don't remember anything yesterday. So, so the amount,
the amount we drank.
I don't even know if we won or not.
I can't wait for Thursday. Thursday you're gonna love it.
And if you have your antics on the course are like you were the perfect third to add.
Wait until you see this one.
And boys, I am very proud of the way I played. You know, sometimes I don't necessarily bring
it on the golf course, but this might've been the round of my life.
I think our next match, you got to throw out your L5S1 again.
I know.
You were an absolute, I honestly don't remember the second one, but the first one, you were amazing.
Yeah.
Or just crank four muscle relaxers and smoke 16 bones.
The first one on the drive there, I said, Biz, you gotta just save your back.
Just if Keith and I hit a bad one, you'll hit.
But if you don't need to, you're not going to hit.
We got to save your back.
And he gets up on the first hole and goes first and stripes one
down the middle I'm like okay I think we got something to work with here you
were an animal Thursday at noon please check out our first match with them on
the Bob does sports YouTube page and then this is the rematch so where do you
find that wit our YouTube channel biz good question oh no shit yeah it was
YouTube you got to subscribe to it.
Currently we have 388,000 followers.
Not a big deal.
That's a lot.
You can also watch our podcasts on there.
You can watch Chicklets University
that Grinnelli and Fish do.
Sometimes we do the Road Warriors, which we did recently
with Scott Gomez and Mike Motto, who I thought was a Ford,
but was actually a D in the NHL.
And plenty of other amazing videos to watch once again
on the Spit Chipmunks.
The Four Nations.
Oh, the vlog just came out.
That was amazing.
I wasn't there.
That was amazing to watch.
Great job, G, and I don't want to say the other guy's name.
Why, Fishy?
What do you got against Fishy?
No, I love fish.
Oh, you just don't let me.
Pasha didn't do shit.
He was just crying. He was crying as Jack Hughes was injured and his team continues to stink.
Oh yeah, and next week, Thursday at noon, will be the Chickalteu from Minnesota.
So that's three weeks in a row with three bangers at noon on a Thursday.
Everyone, thank you.
OV scored again. It was another empty netter.
Eight empty netters.
This guy, if you pulled the goal, the Ovi scoring. It almost looked,
Keith and I, before you got on, Biz, were saying he was almost, I think, like,
oh, this is getting out of hand. I think I have to stop scoring empty netters.
Eight on the season, I believe 65 now in his career, which is the NHL record for empty net goals.
I think that we still continue to say,
I hope he doesn't break the record on an empty netter,
but I think at this point, it would just be fitting
if he solidified a hat trick in that game
with an empty netter to just be like,
all right, this is a joke at this point.
I still believe that he's gonna play next year,
and maybe even another year after that,
the way he's going, if he's still scoring 40 goals a year,
and he will probably surpass Gretzky's record
even if you take away the empty netters.
I still truly believe that the rate that he's scoring at,
that that's a possibility.
So if you took away all of his empty netters,
that he could beat what Wayne Gretzky's goal record was.
So, I've never heard anyone mention
he wouldn't play next year.
No, and I said the year beyond that.
Next year's the last year of his deal.
So if he did play last year,
let's say he broke it towards the end of this year,
he would have to score another,
whatever his empty net goal total would be, so 65.
Well, he ain't doing that in one year,
unless he's on a lot of the Russian gas,
but I would imagine that would have to take him
two seasons to do, and at that point,
they're probably going to be wheeling around a chair
out there based on how slow he would be.
It's the one-timer chair, like your knee's down in the chair,
you're just like, your arm's in this like stable up here.
Well fuck man, if he's playing with Dylan Strowme, he might do it next year for Cryo.
That guy can find them anywhere.
My only argument with the, with the empty netters is this year, they're probably
going to win the president's trophy.
So they're, they're trying to win games.
It's not like they're last in the league and they're pulling the goal.
We putting them out there as a charity case.
They're trying to win games to win the president's trophy and to solidify their spot in the playoffs
and to keep going and he's out there icing games. Like it's not like he's out there to get his goal.
He's out there. And he's the best. I think he's out there for the, I think you think without the
goal record, he'd be out there. I mean, maybe, maybe not. Why wouldn't he be doing it? He's doing it.
It's working. There's buddy watched, go watch. Why would he be doing it?
Buddy, go watch that goal that he scored the other night on the empty net or the backhand
against Seattle.
There is nobody better at finding a way to get the empty net goal.
It just has an act for it.
Okay, I want to hear from Capitals fans.
Has he in his career prior or has he always been up a goal with a minute left,
always on the ice?
I don't know.
I'm just curious.
Well, we'll see him play us.
We'll see him play us.
We'll see him play us.
I mean, he's averaging five empty net goals a year.
I mean, who's done that in their career?
A month.
I'm still so bitter that when we played, or when I played, that you were not allowed,
you could never shoot at the empty net.
If you ice the puck, you're a piece of shit. Oh, you ice the puck, Oh, I wasn't going to be out there.
The whole team will stink.
I the coach will look at you and just motherfucking up and down like you never
ice the puck.
And now you're just allowed to just I would have had a couple of actually,
I was never really out there up a goal.
So I don't know where I'm going with this.
Sometimes I got stuck out there and I was afraid to try to go for it.
Now it's free rein.
I think this is a great segue, considering we're talking about OV as we normally
do. We always talk about Sid. Uh,
they ended up playing the Minnesota wild the other night.
It's probably flurries last game against the Pittsburgh Penguins and both
Crosby and Malcolm ended up scoring on him and some of the comments and the
posts and the, and the and the chirping going on on Instagram.
Gino said my favorite frog and with a picture with him, like just I wish I wish
that the band was still together.
I wish they were all still playing together.
But just a great moment.
And speaking of all these record, Sid.
If he goes at a point per game clip,
what she's probably going to do this
year, he would be, it would be the 20th season in a row that he's done it. And he would surpass
Wayne Gretzky who has 19 seasons of a point per game. And that is just remarkable. So
once again, these two guys carrying the league as such and, uh, and a great moment with their
former teammate and there was no pranks. Sid got to the hotel in Minnesota,
he was a little nervous going to his room
but there was no pranks, it was all love.
Because Flurry didn't want to go to the St. Paul Hotel
and risk his life.
It's like walking into a time machine in the lobby.
Oh my gosh.
Like Boardwalk Empire style hotel.
I guess it's haunted, Somebody said, yeah, exactly.
There would be Vancouver Canucks fans, I think without ever winning a Stanley
cup and what's happened this season that say that they're haunted biz.
And this deadline was kind of shocking.
Um, the whole season's been shocking.
Canucks fans are not happy.
Um, Patrick Alveen, Jim Rutherford, nothing really went on and they decided to
keep Brock Besser. Now, I need, I don't know who wants to take it from here, but what's
your opinion on Patrick Alveen's quotes where he said, you'd be disgusted basically and
shocked at the offers I received for Brock Besser. Basically saying I got nothing offered for him.
I was like, Jesus Christ.
Oh, I took it the other way.
I took it the other way.
No, no, he was saying he got nothing.
And I'm like.
Yeah, no, they wanted a first rounder
and if they didn't get that,
they weren't gonna move on from him
because they're still in a chase here, right boys?
Like they're one or two points
outside of that wild card spot.
I would say that Besser loves playing there, right?
He loves being there.
I just think that maybe he probably,
how do I word this?
I think he wants more money than what he's worth
based on how he drives a line.
Like he's a clutch goal scorer.
He needs to play with guys who get him the puck
in the right areas.
I view him as kind of like a Tyler DeFolie.
So I don't know what exactly he wants
in order to re-sign in Vancouver,
but I think that he's the type of guy
who's a perfect piece to like add kind of,
oh God, I'm butchering this.
No, you're not, you're not, you're not.
I actually know what you're saying.
I don't want to be too critical.
I hate being critical.
As like the fifth best forward on the team,
you're a cup contender.
Fourth best. Yes.
Fourth best. Now, Biz, was it true that he would... Was that Rumblings or was it like
known that they offered him five times eight? Do you remember that in the news, Pasha? Was
that legit?
I don't think that he's going to make 8 million a year.
Yes, Pasha's saying yes. And I was shocked that one he turned it down.
Like eight years times five million?
No, five years times eight million.
Wow. I mean, if they offered him that and he turned it down. I think that's fucking banana land me, too
I was like whoa, I thought that I don't just saying here in the chat that the Canes allegedly offered one of the rotten and first
Rounders from Dallas for Besser with 30 minutes left before the deadline that guy might have read that on the dark web
Like who knows if that's legit. That's posh of talking
That guy might have read that on the dark web. Like, who knows if that's legit?
That's Pasha talking.
But I just didn't like the comments.
I would assume that he doesn't resign there
based on those comments.
I don't know if those were necessary.
Maybe that was a tactic by Vancouver
to get in him and his agent's head, basically saying,
if you think you're going to go to the market
and get more than what we're offering
or what you think you're worth to go to the market and get more than what we're offering or what you think you're worth
And that's not the case if nobody's willing to even give up a first rounder for you
but now I'm hearing that like you
That kind of like contradicts what's out there because they said they didn't get off for a first rounder for him
So whatever Pasha's reading he's on some just said it's from
Frank Sarah Valley reported that the Canucks have
offered Besser a five-year contract with oh that was about the contract that's
Pasha's scoop about offering with 30 minutes. I don't trust the word he's
saying. Sorry. He's in my kitchen right now. I had to take out his shoelaces
after what happened with the New Jersey Devils in the last two weeks but yeah I
wasn't crazy about the comments I don't think those need to go public.
I agree though, if that, if he, if he meant that by we didn't get shit offered
to him and that's his tactic to try to sign him lower, I don't agree with that
at all, especially a guy that's been there and, and put in the sweat equity
as you like to call it, but for that, for that organization, um, not a big
fan of those comments, if that's the it was. He's a 40 goal guy.
He's clutch when put in the right situation.
Like I'm not knocking his game.
I just don't think that he's a line driver.
And I think that 8 million is a lot of money.
I don't know.
I don't know if he's gonna get that in the open market.
And if he does.
If Marci can't get 4 million from Boston,
he ain't getting eight from Vancouver.
Boys, I think that about wraps it up.
If you're somebody who's saying we didn't cover every single trade, I apologize for nothing.
We went over the big dogs.
I know there's a million little deals out there.
Actually, I guess the volume wasn't as nuts this season.
Sandbagger, Thursday.
Oh, actually, Pasha did wrap this.
Do you want me to read this?
This guy's going after Aquilini now, Biz.
Should I even read this message from this room? Sure, why not?
Warning. The following statements are about to be made by a deranged Devils fan.
The views expressed are his and his only. Take everything you hear with a grain of salt because, remember, he is a deranged Devils fan.
He says, um, they didn't trade Besser for a first-rounder because they're covering
Aquilini's short-sighted
ass, who doesn't want to miss out on two playoff home games every year by making the team worse.
So that's Pasha's take right there.
We should probably play the disclaimer before that.
But yeah, surprised that Besser's still on the team and not signed.
We'll see what happens this summer.
The only other guy I was going to mention in the league was a wolf Dustin wolf
Oh Calgary flames this guy's playing out of his mind undersized goaltender
Who has just I think he you know
he's gonna be top three for rookie of the year and has really helped Calgary stay inside that second wild card and
You know, Minnesota man. They're struggling to score five on five
They desperately need Capri saw of Erickicsson, Ekkenbrodin back.
And if they don't get them back, holy fuck, the way that they're leaking oil,
they'll be lucky to just get in the playoffs at this point.
So not not great times in Minnesota until they get healthy.
So many storylines coming down the stretch.
So many. It's so sick to see where this league's at.
And Keith, you texted the group the other day.
I cannot wait for playoffs. Oh my God. These first round matchups we're going to end up seeing, I think and hope,
are going to be outstanding. Thank you very much to Gabriel Landeskog. Go check that out on TNT.
Incredible first episode. And watch our Sandbag or Thursday at noon and final shout out
Keith, Brian Yandel and coming up possibly calling Yandel.
Shout out your team, Keith.
Shout out your team.
Cushing Academy wins it all.
Biz.
Oh, congrats boys.
That's awesome.
Thank you.
First one since 1998.
I couldn't believe it.
Cushing Academy probably put more guys, division one, more guys, professional.
We just could never get the job done.
When I was there, we had wagons of a team.
When my brother was there, wagons of a team, just could never win the big one.
And this year they brought in Ryan Bork, Ray Bork's son, Chris Bork's brother.
They brought Ricky in to man the helm and he got it done in his first year.
And the best part about it, just with more drama in the hockey world, is they beat Dexter Academy.
Is it Dexter Academy?
Dexter Southfield.
Whatever it is, Dexter.
I don't know, it doesn't matter.
They can't beat Little Caesars, I'll tell you that.
Couldn't be more proud of that group.
My nephew, Little B and the whole squad up there
in Ashburn Ham, bringing home the hardware.
I absolutely love it.
Proud of you guys and love the Penguins Nation.
Next time we record, I'm going to be 40.
Oh my God.
What do you think as you turn 40?
Like what are your goals next here, Biz?
40's a big birthday.
Probably just get in better shape,
maybe work a little bit less.
Why are you rolling your eyes?
I can't believe you want to get in better shape.
You work out twice a day, bro.
No, I don't.
What kind of shape?
Biz, I'm not even joking.
I'm traveling too much to work.
Dad bods are in.
What, how much better shape can you get in? I mean, there's, you can never get too good, right?
I mean, if you play something, I don't even play nothing dog.
Like a sport, you mean?
Yeah, no, it's just like, who is that Theo van Theo on Theo Vaughn.
He's getting, he's, he's got a trainer.
It's just all over him.
He's dying.
He's like, I don't even play nothing, dog.
But yeah, basically I'm like, for what you do, like your life, you're pretty fantastic.
Yeah, just, I mean, health is wealth, right?
As you get older, that's the key, right?
Maybe better diet, you know, just all of it.
Just more time with friends.
Maybe living more in the present.
That would be a goal of mine.
My mind kind of races, whether it's looking forward too much
or looking in the past too much,
staying more present would probably be
number one on my list.
I feel like you're a present guy.
No.
Unless there's trade rumors going around and you're a present guy. No. Unless it's a, unless there's trade rumors going around.
You're on your phone at dinner.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I didn't even eat with you guys the last meal we were at, but, uh, yeah, no,
I'm excited.
Your ability to be present.
It's kind of like your bipolar.
Cause when you're present, gee, I think you could agree with me here.
You're involved conversations.
Incredible.
It's, it's incredible. It's awesome.
And then when-
It's eye contact.
He's looking you right through the eyes.
Then when he's not present,
it's like he's literally not in the room.
So it's,
there's big peaks and valleys in your,
how present you are.
But when you're present, buddy,
God, do we have some good combos.
I hope you have an amazing birthday week.
Thank you.
I think it's gonna be unreal for you
just to take a little time off,
appreciate what you've accomplished, Biz.
You're now kind of an insider, too.
You haven't even asked this.
You're like the Dark Knight.
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
Shout out to Elliot Freeman, hell of a deadline.
What a legend that guy is,
and I don't know how the fuck he does it on the lack of sleep and and everything that's
coming at him and all this all this chaos that the NHL has to offer these
days just an incredible league it's thriving and that was a great pod boys I
love you guys thank you very much and love love your guys friendship thank you
love you love you too busy, I will see you soon.
Thursday noon. Sandbagger, rematch, popular sports.
Love you guys.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, guys, guys, guys.
Before we wrap here, we have a little breaking news.
Not the greatest news, though, for Katz fans.
Aaron Echblad has been suspended 20 games without pay for violating the terms of the NHL's Performance Enhancing Substance Program.
OK, so so Whit hopped off here.
He had to go bring Ryder to hockey.
Fuck, Yans, that's up.
Oh, my God.
All right here. OK. 20 game.
Guys, we actually have a statement from Echblad himself here,
if you guys want me to read that as well.
So he says, as the NHL announced, I have been suspended for violating the NHL and NHLPA performance
enhancing substances program.
The news that I had failed a random drug test was a shock.
Ultimately, I made a mistake by taking something to help me recover from recent injuries without
first checking with proper medical and team personnel.
I let my teammates, the Panthers organization and our great fans down for that.
I am truly sorry.
I have accepted responsibility for my mistake and will be fully prepared to return to my
team when my suspension is over.
I've learned a hard lesson and cannot wait to be back with my teammates.
So he's taken responsibility.
Damn.
Like did you, what was his injury?
He's had a bunch and like recently a knee, something with his knee.
And I think the last year, last couple of years, just playing so much hockey, I
think he's just been bumped and bruised.
Oh man, that's, I mean, I've known Aaron for a long time now.
And I can definitely say like he wasn't out there doing steroids to like get better.
He said he did.
I mean, I was kind of.
Blacked out a little bit when you were talking, just trying to
take this information in, but you said it was trying to recover.
So you think it was Jack 3d?
Yeah.
Like you back in the day.
No.
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe it was like, uh, I don't know, like a recovery, you know, those lotions and stuff.
And, you know, you just don't read the fine print or don't expect gummies. Oh man. Hey, do you think there's a possibility that they were aware of this before they made the Seth Jones trade?
Ooh, do you think Toronto should launch an investigation on this?
No, uh, if they knew, I'm sure it's because they were allowed to know. And, you know, they just went out and made a good deal to bolster their back end.
Cheaters.
Um, I don't, yeah, I don't know.
That's a good question, Biz.
Um, I don't know.
I obviously, I don't know how long the team's known.
I would imagine that I don't think it probably came down the pipe today.
Uh, but you know, going out and getting another all-star defenseman doesn't hurt. Oh, so you don't think it probably came down the pipe today, but going out and getting another all-star defenseman
doesn't hurt.
Oh, so you don't think that's cheating?
No, I don't think so.
Oh, okay.
Yance or G, what do you think?
I would say it's cheating.
I think we need a full-blown investigation.
I think you send Marshane back to the Bruins
and we just kind of do this whole day over.
There we go, and then we call it even.
We call it even.
Okay, so actually, before we end here,
I know we already talked about this too,
the Carolina Hurricanes situation with Rottenen.
So since we were on, the story broke
that when Rottenen got there,
when he showed up as in Rottenen,
this is probably from Rod Brindamora's mouth,
he said, there's four teams I'll go play for
and you're not one of them.
So this has gone viral on Carolina Hurricanes Twitter.
They're going nuts and like basically prima donna this,
prima donna that.
I had a couple of people actually sending me tweets
being like, this completely nicks what PK Subban said
in sense of like the fact that like hockey players
aren't like drama queens
and like no matter what the situation,
they play their hardest as if though this guy wasn't trying
to play hard playing under this new system
and with a new team, like ridiculous.
Okay, Carolina Hurricanes fans, ridiculous right now.
And it kind of goes back to what I was talking about.
This is a top line right winger in the league, okay?
We're talking about a top five right winger.
If you're telling me as a free agent,
he doesn't have the right to say,
I wanna play here or I don't wanna play here,
you're out of your mind.
And on top of that, as I mentioned,
never once was he like, yes, I wanna go to Carolina.
They asked him if he was willing to start negotiating
and he was like, no.
And now there is a little bit more information
that trickled out that his,
I think maybe his agent said like,
okay, maybe we would be open to it,
but never out of Rantan's mouth did he say,
I want to go to Carolina and finish off
the next eight years of my career and that is a big decision you have to make as a
player and Jans I was never ever in a situation where I was able to say that
as a player like let's let's make sure we separate the two but when you've
accomplished what Miko Ratanen has accomplished in the NHL you've won a
Stanley Cup and you're on this team for the minute you've accomplished what Miko Rotten has accomplished in the NHL, you've won a Stanley Cup, and you're on this team,
for the minute you've stepped in the league,
and you play a certain way,
to ask a player to go to a different situation
where they play a completely different system,
and instead of possessing the puck,
you're gonna dump it in and chase it?
I don't think that that's that ridiculous.
And even as a player,
why would you want the organization
to go through that if you're genuinely not happy
and that's not how you wanna play hockey?
You're not gonna be playing that hockey
in the best kind of system
because that's just not how you play.
So he's essentially doing you a favor,
not only by telling you before he went there,
I don't wanna be here, but also when you offer him 13 and a half, no, I still don't
want to be here.
So Carolina Hurricanes fans and the organization can be as mad as they want, but this could
have all been dealt with when Tulski was told, no, he doesn't want to be there, but he still
tried to trade for him and convince him otherwise.
Now he's on a team just like Colorado, where he's going to play with a center who's flies
through the neutral zone and distributes the puck and a top three to five line rush team
and possession team in the league, exactly like where he was. So I don't think this is
that crazy, but Kaniacs have at it just the way you've had at it the entire time
And by the way, if you go back to all the podcasts everything I said about this I was bang on I was bang on
Yance anything to say
No, not much. I think he crushed it
Yeah, I think he's earned the right to you know, like you said, he's gonna be a free agent this summer
He's earned the right to kind of pick where like you said, he's going to be a free agent this summer. He's earned the right to kind of pick where he wants.
He's a superstar in the league.
He's a guy that's won.
And I honestly think he did them a favor by telling them before the trade deadline so
they could get assets for them.
And it's one of those things where if he just kind of stuck it out and was like, ah, you
know what, I'll just finish the year here in Carolina and then figure out in the
summertime. But he didn't do that. He, you know, essentially he said he didn't
want to be there. So they had to trade them and they get, they get a good player
back. And, um, you know, I don't think he deserves any of the blame on this.
I think it's kind of one of those things where he wasn't happy somewhere,
obviously. And, um, you know, when you're that stature in the league, you can kind of determine
where you want to be.
And, and, and I think he's earned all those rights.
I just think the energy is being misplaced a little bit for Caniacs.
And I actually think that you should be happier about the situation you're in
because you have a player who plays exactly how you guys play and he's cheap as hell and he's gonna want to be there and then
what you guys keep telling me you have all this cap room you can go address any
needs you have this summer and you guys are laughing in a good shape and and and
I'll stick to my word here I still think they're going to the Eastern Conference
Finals we'll see if they can get over the hump this time so that's a wrap
great last last minute breaking news there.
Sucks we didn't have wit on board, but a great pod everyone. And, uh,
we'll see you next week.
Thursday noon. Watch it. Tune in. Happy birthday. Busy.
Thanks boys. Oh, no Don't know any other way Even if I could go away
I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to wear
Don't know any other way Even if I could go away
I don't know any other way This feeling is so hard to break
I'll get you someday
