Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
I have the SeatGeek app on my phone,
and it's by far the easiest way I've found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere, and with just a few taps, I can instantly find seats.
I'm a big concert guy in addition to Bruins games.
I just use SeatGeek to buy tickets to Petty back in the summertime.
Any event you want, it's so hassle-free.
You don't have to stand in line, no dealing with conglomerates charging you fees.
So SeatGeek's designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever. SeatGeek saves you time and money by searching
multiple ticket sites to compare prices and find amazing deals. They do all the work for you.
And to get you the most bang for your buck, SeatGeek grades every ticket based on value to
help you immediately identify the best seats that fit your budget. Plus, every purchase is fully
guaranteed. So you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with confidence and not have to deal with dirt identify the best seats that fit your budget. Plus, every purchase is fully guaranteed,
so you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with confidence
and not have to deal with dirtbags out in front of the garden
trying to rip you off.
Make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals
on every type of ticket, from concerts to sports to comedy and theater.
Best of all, my listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 55, a.k.a. Larry Murphy episode.
Spitz Shackles brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Hello, gentlemen.
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
What up, what up?
We'll be brought to you by R.A. myself this week
because Ryan is on the road.
He's signing a new member to the Spittin' Chicklets squad
to a lifetime contract.
The paperwork was officially filed Tuesday.
Drum roll, please.
We'd like to welcome Ryder Collin Whitney
to the Spittin' Chicklets team.
He joined the squad and the planet on Tuesday afternoon,
7 pounds, 12 ounces.
Baby and mom are doing well.
Very healthy.
Very healthy.
We want to extend our deepest and heartiest congratulations
to Ryan, his wife, and the new baby.
It's an exciting time for him,
and it kind of rubs off on us
too mike you know i mean it's it's been a long time since i've had a friend who's had a newborn
and it's it's it's an exciting thing happy to add a new member to the team and uh ryan's gonna be a
great dad yeah yeah he's he's really fired up for it um obviously you know he's you know talked about
the pregnancy here and there and then just boom we know it was kind of any minute and uh you know
he checked in Tuesday.
Obviously, he's not going to be on this week,
but that's about the best excuse you can have for missing your podcast
is the birth of a new son.
So Deepest, again, congrats to Wits.
Feel free to say congrats on Twitter to him if you like this.
It's out and about now.
It's not a secret anymore.
I already called Dibs on being his agent,
so I'm going to get a cut of whatever. What year, draft
year is he eligible? Yeah, I think he might be
2035 eligible. I called Dibs.
You know, we got to get him, get
the skate shopping already. So
yeah, Witts ain't here this week, but we're
going to still bring you a great show. We're bringing
in a lot of the basketball
clan today. We got
Frankie Borelli, the pizza maker. He's going to give
us some Islanders talk also
about his time.
200 straight games he went, something like that
as the sign kid, which is absolutely hilarious.
He talks about that.
Live from Moscow,
the one Don, Donnie Does,
he'll be joining us to talk about
his experience at his first KHL
game the other night and what it's like
in Russia.
Then we got Chief coming on.
He actually has some surprising thoughts on the Blackhawks,
which, you know, usually Chief loves to wave the pom-poms,
and we love what he does.
He comes on, he joins us too.
And then we go back to Philly to bring on our boy Jordy, who always has an enlightened take on his despair
of dealing with the Philadelphia Flyers and being a fan there.
So we've got a nice little mix for you this week to get some of the other guys
at Barstool involved and have their take.
So basically the really big news in the last couple days is the big trade,
Adam Henrik to Anaheim, Sammy Vatanen.
We actually, you know, it's notated now, but we get into good detail with the big trade, Adam Henrik to Anaheim, Sammy Vatanen. We actually, you know, it's notated now,
but we get into good detail with the guys later,
so we're not going to beat it to death, really.
What else, Grinnell?
Any other major goings-on you want to share with the world at Lodge?
Not really.
Just, you know, Tuca Rast, man, he really shut people up the other night.
How would I forget?
I just had it written in bold letters.
Dude, like, I'm so fucking glad they won that that game and um like the people around here
like i was saying a little while ago i don't i don't know how much of it is like subconscious
they get their takes from like listening to sports radio or whatever and they because they parrot the
same things that guys on the radio say so it's not like an original thought um you know like
like get rid of rask and
hand the reins over to who dobin who is a top tier backup but like first off rask is a fucking
no trade clause first off but like you know okay now you need you get rid of rask now you still
need a number one goalie it's it's so stupid it's almost laughable and the fact that people try and
are continuing to justify it it's just it's it's ridiculous
and it's like i tweeted like last night about yeah it wasn't necessarily about i'm sorry um
the thursday game it wasn't advocating oh yeah he has to start this game it was like
you idiots have such a short memory like you know who dobin was junk in the early part of last year
and that they had to rely on rascal yeah they overtaxed them and you know they almost killed their season who saved that rask at the end of the year with
stellar play i don't even like honestly it's like a drum i hate beating but it kind of came to a
boil this week but yeah it's one game uh but it was nice to see him get the win and like i said
you know cassie you know if you don't start him against the best team in the league now you might
fuck with your number one goalie's confidence and you're're just going to create a whole fucking host of problems.
So yeah, that's really it as far as
major stories, because again, we've got four
guys to talk about
their respective teams and what's going on, so
we're going to jump right into that.
We're going to go start off with the pizza maker,
Frankie Borelli.
And now we'd like to welcome in our
first guest of this Barstool Roundtable episode,
the infamous pizza maker himself, Frankie Borelli.
Frankie, welcome to the show, brother.
Thanks for having me, guys. It's a pleasure.
Great to have you.
First and foremost, we've got to talk about the sign kid.
I know you've talked about it on the radio, but some of our listeners probably haven't heard it.
Basically, you went to every game and carried the same sign for what like 200 straight games or something outrageous like that yeah so uh i was i'm a die
hard islanders fan i grew up right next to the nassau coliseum i had season tickets for my whole
entire life um dp obviously was you know my guy he's the guy when i'm i think he came up when i
was seven years old um started uh you know he he was like, he was going to be team.
He's a Paisan thing.
He's a Paisan.
He's going to be Team USA's goalie.
Everyone's talking about him.
He has all this hype around him.
So I'm seven years old, and I start making signs at all these games.
And, you know, I put bricks inside DP,
and I would hold it up every time you make a save.
And I brought this sign.
I mean, I'm a crazy person.
I brought this sign to like 200 straight games.
I think I went to like 284 straight islander games from the time i was
like seven to maybe i don't know 14 years old um yeah and i was just a crazy person um people knew
me as a dp sign kid every time that the dp chant would come on i'd just hold up this sign like a
like a psychopath and just make everyone chant dp that's funny i wasn't a dp guy in college too but for different reasons so you so you did what'd you say from like seven to four like roughly 14
years old you you did the sign thing or was it like the whole the whole time or was it like
sign the whole time but dp was a goalie from i think 2000 to 2013 on and off towards the end of
his career i would bring it back as a as like a gag like oh dp's coming back as you know because
he was he had all his injuries.
So, yeah, he'd
come back for four games, I'd bring the sign,
like, oh, I'm 15 at this time, I'd bring the sign
and then he'd get hurt for the rest of the season. It's like, alright, I think
I'm cursing DP. I'm done with the sign now.
Did you ever
get to meet him after a game or anything?
Did he ever acknowledge you or come over
to you or anything like that? It's crazy. I always had access
to the locker rooms and I'd always go in and meet all the players.
I have jerseys signed a million times over and over, and I always wanted to meet DP, obviously.
And for some reason, I don't know if it was just the way that he went with his postgame rituals or whatever,
but he took the longest time to come out of the locker room.
I guess he was always just getting worked on after the games,
where they would just kick me out of the standing area where I was at by
the time he'd come out never once met him in the locker room happened to bump into him at a bar
when I was older probably like three years ago mentioned like that I was a huge fan and that
like I really enjoyed his new radio show that he was doing and they just walked away so we didn't
really get to talk about anything that I've done how did you have access to the locker room is
that something the Islanders did or is it because you,
you know,
like a special,
special season ticket holder?
So basically I have a restaurant right across from where the Coliseum is.
So when the Islanders played there and they practice there,
all the players and all the coaches would come into the restaurant during the
off season,
during the season,
especially during like rookie camp,
they'd all come and have meetings in the back of the restaurant and I'd close off spots for them. And I ended up just getting a lot
of, uh, relationships with guys within the organization to the point where, um, I mean,
like skills coaches, assistant coaches, the head coaches of the Bridgeport Sound Tigers. And to the
point where I'd be like, Hey, I want to come for morning skate this morning. Can you put my name
on the list? And it got so regular that I, that my name was just on for the season. So I could just show up like a
reporter every day. So I was working at the restaurant. I had to be at work at four. I'd
go to morning skate every morning at nine o'clock, show up, sit in the stands. I'd get a packet
where it had all the rosters, the stats. I'd look at it. I'd get a pen. I mean, I'm a certified crazy
person when it comes to the New York Islanders. And i'd like write down notes i'd scout the players um i was telling guys on barstow radio
one of the funny stories was uh i'm sitting down in the uh stands and i'm watching the
abs play the islanders um and so the abs came out for morning skate and patrick waugh comes up and
sits next to me right and he's looking he's looking at the islanders do morning skate
and uh he looks to the left and I have my pen and paper.
I have a hot chocolate in my hand.
At the time, I wasn't even drinking coffee.
And he looks at me and just gives me a nod as if I'm someone important.
And I didn't even give him the acknowledgement.
I'm like, morning.
And I just kept looking at the practice.
So I didn't even geek out that he's next to me.
I just acted as if I was this scout.
Meanwhile, I look like I'm 14 years old because I'm like the youngest looking person of all time.
It was just a crazy experience,
man.
That's good shit, man. Especially at that
age, it's like not everyone gets an
opportunity to do that. Now, you did mention the
mausoleum slash coliseum,
the Nassau building
where the Islanders played for years.
Now, Brooklyn doesn't seem to be working
out too well.
How much longer do you think they're going to stay in Brooklyn?
And do you think they're going to have a new arena,
like, you know, deeper in Long Island, you know, closer to a union deal?
It's everyone's dream for them to come back.
It's just, I don't think it's possible.
I think when they redid the new Coliseum, it just doesn't have enough seats.
I keep hearing everyone say how it's expandable to make the arena fit 17,000.
Right now it fits about 13,000 at max.
I do think that something is going to come in the new Belmont area where they have the racetrack.
I just think that if it's not at the  the Bark is just not working.
It just doesn't work.
I mean, even for me talking to guys in the organization, everyone, I mean, it's just known that the ice sucks.
The commute there sucks.
They practice right next to where the Coliseum is.
So they all practice on Long Island.
They all live on Long Island.
They hate taking that long commute in there.
I mean, they have to, like, when they do their, like, pregame naps, they have to sleep in a hotel.
Like, they used to be able to go back to their house, be with their family.
Now it's just a crappy, it's just not a just a crappy it's it's it's just not a
good situation for a team that's actually on the up and up and looks like they're about to do some
damage in these next couple years um i think that they need to just solidify where they're going to
be let's let's have a home let's build it let's have everyone get excited for it so that guys
like john tavers know where they're going to be in the future and other free agents know where
they're going to be and i think that place is free agents know where they're going to be. And I think that place is going to be Belmont.
Now, you mentioned the team this year.
Taking a look at the standings, I mean, they're right in the thick of it.
32 points, only one point behind Columbus, and they have a game in hand.
So, I mean, hypothetically, they can jump into first place
when they play Ottawa on, well, tonight, Friday night.
Are you confident that they're going to stay at this level,
that they're going to hang in there and get into the playoffs
and make another run at it?
And if so, are you confident in their goalies as well?
Yeah, the goalies is an issue just because we have two guys.
I mean, last year we had a three-goalie tandem, which was a joke.
So I'm happy to have just two guys this year.
But, you know, I think that this makeup of team um is really built for success just because we
have these young guys that have so much confidence like matthew barzell josh ho sang um we have a
good defensive core now and uh letty and boy chuck and you got young guys like mayfield and pellick
that are and pulak um i think that's what makes the team just a whole for for years it was just
john tavers and whoever could maybe keep up with him and that was our just that was
where the points were coming from now you have that second line
where you have everly and you have uh barzell and
it really can do a lot of damage and i think when you start getting that depth
i mean they're a fast young team man and they have a lot of confidence so i do
see them staying really really good throughout
the whole entire year um and and going to the playoffs i mean we haven't had much success in
the playoffs we've only won one playoff series in like my lifetime so uh hopefully this is the
change of it yeah so far so good and it's funny we're here we are knocking you know the home
experience in brooklyn and they actually haven't lost a game in regulation not one game i was just
saying to my buddies yesterday we're we are the best home team in the league and they actually haven't lost a game in regulation this season. I was just saying to my buddies yesterday,
we are the best home team in the league,
and everyone's ragging on it, but
no matter what, they could not lose a game
for the rest of the year at the Barclays, and I'll still hate that
fucking place. Yeah, it sucks.
Obviously, they can't really
rebuild the mausoleum.
You need a new arena if you're going to do that.
Some buildings, they get to
a point where you can't utilize them anymore.
I know you guys, you got to go shortly crush it at Barstool Radio.
By the way, dude, I know we have fun with millennials on this show,
especially me and goofing on them.
Your music selections and your music work on Barstool Radio is spectacular, man.
Not only the quickness to pull them out, but you get old old shit stuff that you know a lot of guys your generation probably never even heard and you come
up with some good shit spur of the moment so i just want to give you props for that before we
let you go one other question for me and then i know grinnelly got one more uh how many times a
week do you punch your mike milbury voodoo doll mike milbury is uh it's a bad name to say
Mike Milbury and Kate Murray are the two names
That we don't talk about in my household
Kate Murray is the one who stopped
The plans for the new Coliseum to happen
She's a Long Island executive
From Nassau County
And she had the papers on her desk
To just say yes
And Charles Wong was going to build
A brand new arena, it was called the Lighthouse Project. He was going to put
400 million of his own money into it.
And she said, nope, there's going to be too much traffic.
Fuck her then.
Frankie, John Tavares, he's on pace
for like 60 goals this season, like 100
points. What are your thoughts on him?
You think he's staying or going at the end of the contract?
You know, the franchise kind of rides
or dies on Tavares.
Yeah, he's my guy that's he's
he's the guy that's gonna make or break this team and I think this year he is showing that he is
that franchise player he's showing I mean within the past couple years he's always been in the
talks for the Hart Trophy he he's in the top three um but this year, I think, is the one that he's really taking hold of who he is.
And he's coming each day saying, like, we are going to win.
And I think that that attitude is going to show the Islanders that, listen, he deserves this money.
If you didn't know before this year, he didn't deserve this money, you're crazy.
But this is the year that he's just solidifying, I need money.
I'm going to be here for whatever it's going to be, eight to ten years.
I think the Islanders will give it to them.
It's just a matter of the salary cap has to go up.
We have to be able to keep this core.
You've got guys like Anders Lee, Josh Bailey, Barzell, who are all going to need money coming up also.
You've got to pay John Tavares, and you've got to keep the core.
I don't know if that's possible.
It's a pipe dream.
But John Tavares is option number one, and if he's an Islander,
I feel confident that they have a chance to win every night.
Yeah, and I think Dougie Waite's a guy we haven't really heard his name
talked about as far as the coach, but he's doing a bang-up job.
They finally got rid of Cappy.
And Doug Waite, he's a former player,
but he's not that far removed generationally.
He played with some of them.
I don't know if he's played with any of the guys still in the league,
but he's not far removed. So I think he can relate to the modern player pretty well,
and I think we're seeing the results.
So, hey, listen, Frankie, thanks for coming on.
I know we had short notice, which we explained at the beginning of the show,
why we had to pull things together.
So thanks for coming on, discussing the Islanders.
We'll have you back again.
And go fucking crush it on Bosco Radio, buddy.
I appreciate it, guys.
Let's go, Isles.
I just want to say thanks once again to Frankie Burley, the pizza maker.
He's a great guest, man.
I listen to him on the foreplay. He brings
some electricity to that, and it was fun to
bring him on and do it. How about going to
200 straight games and being known
as the sign boy? That's great.
He's basically Islanders royalty, it sounded like.
Yeah. Free access at any
time to the rink, the locker room.
That's awesome. Yeah, that was some pretty wild
shit. I'm glad he was like a
kid when he did it it If he was like 23
Doing that
Became weird
Yeah we probably
Wouldn't have had him on
To be honest
No
So thanks again to Frankie
He's a great kid
Like I said
Love what he does
On Bosco Radio
If you don't listen
Make sure to tune in
And then we're gonna
Segway
We're going to go
From Manhattan
All the way to
Fucking Moscow
How about that
Right now we're gonna Bring on on the wanton Don himself.
Donnie does.
He's a new KHL correspondent.
Wink, wink.
So let's take it to the Red Square.
And now it is with great pleasure I bring to you the latest addition
to the Spittin' Chicklets squad.
It's our new KHL correspondent checking in from where are you right now,
Wonton Don?
Moscow, Russia.
Wow, what a fucking, what a time of that.
Moscow, Russia.
Did you go to the game yet?
It's Brandon Yip, your pals.
We played at BU.
He's in the KHL now.
Actually, you fill us in for those who hadn't read the blog.
Yeah, so Brandon Yip, he's from Vancouver. He's in the KHL now. Actually, you fill us in for those who hadn't read the blog. Yeah.
So Brandon Yip, he's from Vancouver.
And I guess his mom's Chinese, his dad's Irish.
Ended up playing in the NHL for a while after playing at BU.
And then after maybe three or four years in the NHL, not quite sure,
has been just playing abroad and recently got picked up by China's only team in the KHL.
So it's kind of like, you know, how like the NHL has, you know, a few teams up in Canada.
The Russian League has a few teams like in just in countries, not Russia.
And they just added a Chinese team.
And they recently traveled to Moscow to play the Red Army team.
Yeah, I saw, actually, I learned something from your first blog about the KHL,
that map they showed.
And I don't think people realize, you know, A, just how fucking big Russia is,
and B, the distances they have to travel for a simple road game.
Like it's fucking,
I think Russia has it correct.
Is it nine time zones?
Russia has,
do you know?
Yeah,
it's,
it's something like that.
It's crazy.
And the crazy thing about it is they play in some like Siberian towns so
that like some players were telling me they show up and it's only like a
hockey rink in a few buildings.
So I don't even know how,
like if that team's like making money,
how like the economics behind that work. But some of these like, like Siberian kind of shitholes just have hockey teams.
And then you add in the whole like fact that's, you know,
somehow probably connected to the Russian mob, a dirty money,
or something somehow comes in.
Hold on, I'm going to, they're going to drop this call all of a sudden.
You know, some, there's always something shady going on in russia i mean when you you know when you're paying pro athletes in cash for fucking shit that's like you know it's
as long as you're getting paid you don't care but it's definitely uh some shady shit going on now
did you i'm sorry where it's friday now well when the show drops what did you go to the game yet? Yes. The game was last night.
I can spoil it for you.
No.
It was Wednesday.
We dropped the episode Friday.
You can spoil it away.
I didn't bet it.
I thought it was going to be
the miracle 2K17.
But no. Team China lost to the Red Army 3-1.
What was the experience like being a fan?
Now, I'm sure you've been to a handful of Bruins games growing up close in the Boston area, correct?
Yeah.
So how did it compare?
I mean, what was the how did it compare? I mean, you know, what like what was different?
Like, is it is it similar? What are the differences between a Russian crowd and, you know, an American or North American crowd?
Well, the thing I was kind of shocked about was like, oh, so Moscow does have like three hockey teams.
I guess some of them play like a larger rink. But I kind of thought the Red Army team would be like the biggest in Moscow. But the rink only fits like 5,000 people tops.
And there was probably only like at most 4,000 people there, maybe even less.
So it wasn't a huge spot.
But it was cool.
The concourse outside was kind of like a museum of sorts to the team.
Because back when it was like russia was still the soviet union the like the red army team was a big deal uh and they were
really good back in the 80s as i'm sure you know i wasn't really alive then but uh we weren't really
alive just posh i mean i was alive at the end of the 80s but yeah so they had it was like a really cool
like museum like the whole the whole concourse they had all this memorabilia from like past teams
that was cool but then like in terms of the concessions no beer no vodka luckily i really
snuck in a few minutes but yeah no vodka at a fucking russian sporting event yeah i think wow i think they're worried that like fights will just break out or like whatever
so like no beer like whatsoever they did have snacks um but yeah i mean it's better than when
i went into a game in china i went to when they had like china played saint petersburg the only
thing they served there was water.
They didn't even have food or like or soda or anything like that.
Wow.
Now, did they chant all during the game or like, you know,
I know like some soccer teams, they go the whole,
they go buck wild the whole game.
You know, what were their like reactions like?
Did they have like chants going on or are they kind of sedate more than,
you know, were they wild?
What was that like?
There was one corner of the stadium that had a bunch of like they that was like the super fans and they had some drums and some flags that they were just banging and i just went up holding my
gopro trying to get some footage with them but like the moment i like pointed the camera at them
they kind of just like freaked out there was like no filming no filming and kind of like pushed like the camera
out of their face um but it was funny some like a couple people who work pr for them knew that like
it was the first time china was like coming to play in moscow so they got all of the study abroad
students all the chinese study abroad students to come to the game.
So there was also just like a section of like 350 Chinese students there.
So I was kind of mingling with them, just like sharing with them, starting Chinese chants and stuff.
Fucking that's hilarious.
Only you would go to Moscow and get chants started in fucking Chinese, man.
Yeah, yeah, for sure. And they didn't know what was going on.
Like this one chick was talking to me. She was like, why do some people wear white and black stripes?
Like they just I was like, no, that's that's the ref.
That's the ref. And they're the ones who enforce the rules.
Donnie, what's Moscow likeow like like what is it even
like over there is it like putin like pictures of putin everywhere or is it like kind of like
relaxed and not really made out to what it seemed like um it's cold it's definitely very cold um
no i don't think it's like it's not like that i think you i think what you're thinking of is
probably more when it was the soviet union when would be like photos of whoever was the latest dictator or the latest chairman or whatever.
I mean I think Putin does kind of play that role.
And I did realize like there is a large photo of Putin inside the hockey rink because it is like the Chinese, the Russian military team.
And like there was this one guy who I was with and we were just kind of walking around the rink,
just like shooting the shit and telling jokes. And when we walked by the face, like the big
photo of Putin, he was like, OK, don't don't say any jokes here. Like, don't don't don't crack a
joke here. So Putin does seem to have a presence.
Because that was the only time, the whole time I was there, he was like, don't say anything stupid.
You're standing in front of this photo.
And it's not because he was a huge Putin guy.
He just was kind of like, that's where you might get in trouble.
He kid for his life.
Have you seen how some of the NHL players are doing, like Ovechkin's doing that Putin campaign?
I heard about that.
So he recently came out to be a big Putin supporter?
Yeah, he's trying to make Putin's name good in America, essentially.
He doesn't want people saying bad things about Putin here.
Wow, yeah. I know when Oliver Stone,
that movie director,
recently put out a movie where he sat down with Putin
and did a bunch of interviews.
And he tried to paint him
in a brighter light, too.
And yeah, I don't know.
I haven't really been following that.
He does seem to be the type of dude that like, if you're on his good side, things are going
to be going well.
But if, if you get on his bad side, things could go south pretty fast.
Yeah.
Well, I, I mean, I would assume, you know, like I said, I'm a little bit older than you.
When you, you had this perception of Russia during the Cold War, like the, the ascent
of it when I, when I was alive that, you know, all the women were big and hairy and ugly.
And, you know, there was just this these all these, you know, of course, all we saw of it was propaganda.
And then all of a sudden, when like the Berlin Wall come down and it was like smokes galore, they were hiding behind the Berlin Wall like for four years.
It was like, oh, my. It was like every perception you had about like russian and communist women like
went out the fucking window and i know you know leading to my other point i i you know every
everything was recorded you know if not video definitely audio during that whole cold war and
i assume it's still the same way i know you don't want to say it but i will i mean he's a gangster
that runs the country he's a straight up fucking gangster. He worked for the KGB. He used to be a spy.
He's a dictator, man.
I'm Team Putin.
I don't know if I would
say I'm Team Putin. If you have gay friends,
you wouldn't be Team Putin.
He's not a good dude. He's not a
good person, but I know you're fucking on
his home turf, so I'm not trying to get good
you into saying something silly, you know?
Because they are probably listening to you.
I don't think he's going to send in the SWAT team if I say something about him on this on his home turf. So I'm not trying to get good. You into saying something silly, you know, cause they are probably listening. No,
I don't think like,
I don't think he's going to send in like the SWAT team.
If I say something about him on this podcast,
I just like,
I just,
I honestly just don't know too much about it,
but no,
I've definitely heard about like journalists just,
just getting like Merck for saying the wrong thing.
Yeah.
And yeah,
if you're gay in Russia,
they,
apparently if like you're openly gay that's
like uh there's like a chance you might just get you know murdered yeah walking the street yeah
it's it's it's tough i mean it's pretty wild we're talking about russian geopolitics here but
fuck it we got the wanton don on i mean after after communism fell in the berlin wall and i
mean you know mikhail gobertchbachev, it was such this hope.
Russia was good for a while.
He was his beacon of hope that
the U.S. and Russia can get along finally.
And then things reverted
back. Putin got into power. And like you said,
he's basically a gangster that runs
one of the biggest countries on the planet.
And Gorbachev is an afterthought
in that country. He's such a huge
part of what transpired in that country over the last half of the 20th century.
And he's like a no-name over there.
It's actually fucking insane.
So, all right, enough of the fucking geopolitics.
What's the rest of your plans consist of while you're in Moscow?
Any more hockey-related things, or are you just going to see some sights or what?
They do have one more game
that's in a suburb
of Moscow an hour out. I don't know
if I'm going to make that or not.
Russian bathhouses are like
a big thing.
They have these Russian public
bathhouses that are super
fancy. They got mosaics all over the
walls and stuff. I might go see if we can film in one of those um and they've got there's all this like
leftovers of the soviet era so they have these bazaars bazaars
so i might do a series called bazaar bazaars um where we go and check out these, where they sell all these old relics of the Soviet era.
And check out a few spots like that.
Definitely trying to sample some strange Russian cuisine.
I think there's a Siberian restaurant where you can try some bear.
Oh, really, huh?
Yeah, I might be down to try that.
I'm a try-anything-once guy, but I don't know if I'd want to try a beer.
He's too big of a Bruins fan.
Nice call, Gronowski.
Yeah, you're right.
Now that I think about it, that's kind of awkward, but I don't know if you can say that rule.
I'm sure there's a lot of people that are fans of the team
that they would probably eat at some point.
All right, pal.
Listen, we appreciated immensely last-minute check-in.
It was kind of a joke, but it ended up being able to score you
at a perfect time to check in from Ruskiville.
So have a good time.
What do they say?
Dostoeva?
What's that fucking thing they say?
I don't know a single word of Russian.
Everyone assumes that I'm just Russian
because, you know, as long as you're just like
a white dude, they're just going to, okay.
You look Russian. Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah, well, listen, pal. Enjoy the rest of your stay
and hit us up when you're back in the
Northeast. We'll get a couple cocktails.
I just want to throw a big Nostrovia
to Duonton
Donsway for joining us from
Moscow. Always entertaining, Kat.
You should be following on Twitter and reading this
stuff on Bastl. And now
we're going to go from Moscow to the
Midwest and bring our boy Bastl
Chief on for his take on
his team, the Blackhawks, and the
big trade that happened.
Let's go to Chief.
And now for our next guest on our little Bastu Roundtable episode,
one of my personal favorites and a guy I call a buddy,
even though we've never actually seen each other in person,
a great Chicago Blackhawks writer out in flyover country,
although Chicago's a great city.
Bastu Chief, brother, welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets.
Second time in a month.
It's feeling like home.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Yeah, man, I know.
It's like we got to get more off, and you've got some great insight.
You know, like I said, one of the best bloggers at the stool.
You certainly know your hockey.
So that's why I want to ask for your breakdown of the big trade that happened Thursday morning,
yesterday morning, which Anaheim sent Sammy Vatnin, defenseman,
in a conditional third to New Jersey and received back in the trade Adam Henrique,
which is named Blandisi, who's, I think, minor league, a kind of bottom six player,
a third-round pick in 2018.
You know, I'm not saying who won the trade,
but it seems like a trade that's going to help both teams immensely right now.
Would you agree?
Completely agree.
I mean, we see a lot of Ottman, obviously, out here.
We just saw him the other night when the Hawks played the Ducks.
He's a legit player.
He's a legit top 4D, good at both ends. He can play
on either side,
left or right. He's a really, really good
player. I'm glad to have him
out of the Western Conference, if I'm being perfectly
honest. It seems like he fits
a need for the Devils.
It also speaks to
how much the Devils
love their young forwards,
that they're ready to move on from a guy like Adam Henrik,
who's been kind of a foundational player there for, I don't know,
it feels like maybe 10 years.
I mean, how long has he been with the Devils?
And I went to that Stanley Cup with them when they lost to LA.
I think that was in 2012.
It was a big part of that run.
So they must be feeling pretty good.
And Anaheim, you know, they're so beat up.
Like, they're basically the San Diego Golds right now,
plus Corey Perry.
And so adding another center,
and then if they get Getzloff and Kessler back
to have those three up the middle,
that's pretty dangerous.
And they're pretty deep on defense themselves
with Fowler and Manson and guys like and they're pretty deep on defense themselves with uh
you know fowler and manson and guys like that so yeah like you said i think it's like it's going to end up being a win-win uh for both of these teams and and i i like to see the the devil
is kind of making some moves and and looking both uh short term and near term i don't know
ra if you guys experience this i I get Devils fans in my
mentions all the time.
I feel like they're
small in numbers, but they're super
passionate. I like having the Devils
back in the mix just because
it's been maybe four years
since they were relevant. I feel good for
their fans, at least the ones on Twitter.
They're kind of fun to banter
with. Chief, their fan base is crazy.
I mean, any time you tweet anything about the Devils,
even if it's like a college kid that the Devils have drafted,
I mean, it blows up.
The retweet numbers are huge.
It's crazy.
You would never guess that because if you watch them on TV,
their building is always half empty.
But based on Twitter, they have some of the most passionate fans I've come across, at least.
Yeah, the Devils fans, excuse me, they definitely are passionate a lot.
There's not a ton of them.
And, you know, you've got to figure, look at that.
The location is such a cutthroat.
You've got flyers just to the south.
You've got, you know, the ranges across the river.
Well, the island is up the river a bit.
And, you know, who's the other one?
Oh, Washington.
You know, all these fucking teams there.
It's fucking that division, man.
It's one of the better ones in hockey.
But like you said, it's one of these trades where, you know,
what's it, the Ducks have been struggling, you know,
with injuries up the wazoo.
It solidifies their middle,
and New Jersey basically needed a replacement for Adam Larson,
which I just said to Grinelli before we started,
if you look at it, obviously it wasn't one trade,
but they basically got rid of Henrique and Larson
and brought back Vatten and Hall.
Obviously other parts were involved,
so pretty good work by Shero there.
So, you know, and the Devils, they're one of those teams that, you know,
they've come out of nowhere, basically.
No one had them doing anything.
I mean, you know, they had a number one goalie.
They brought in Halsey.
They certainly, you know, made some improvements.
Nico, yeah, he's been fucking amazing, another rookie.
So, you know, a team to keep an eye on.
So let's get to your squad i
know you probably already already lubed up and ready to rock and roll to talk about uh the brink
cat yeah i gotta say hand up i was i was wrong about the brinket so i was uh i was highly
skeptical obviously huge numbers in the ohl all three years um he's undersized i think everyone kind of knows his profile now he's
he's five foot six um my thing was that he's five foot six and not particularly fast so he's not
he's not a burner like he's gonna you know just get around people and win races and things like
that so i was like oh man is he going to be able to create enough separation at the NHL level as this little guy to be effective.
And so I thought, you know, I was like, who knows? Who knows if he's going to be able to do it?
Because there's been no shortage of players who rip up junior hockey that are undersized,
and it just doesn't quite translate to the NHL. The Brinkett, his brain is just so huge,
and he just understands hockey and the soft spaces.
And a guy that I used to compare him to, you know,
before the season when you would just watch, like, highlights and stuff,
was Brett Hull.
And Brett Hull, you know, just had that great shot
and knew how to find the dead areas.
Obviously, Brett Hull is a bigger player and a Hall of Famer,
but they kind of score in the same types of ways where it's just like,
you know, nothing's going on and then bang,
it's in the back of the net because they just kind of slipped in behind the D
or got to a rebound that, you know,
it's like how did he know the puck was going there?
And he's embarrassed.
So he's way better than I thought he would be,
and he's fun to watch because the guy just knows how to play hockey yeah he's been uh he's one of those plays well
that of course the bruins anytime a guy has a good night in the nhl in the bruins didn't draft
them like every it's hilarious like oh the bruins passed on him it's like yeah seven fucking thousand
other teams did six times too like you can play that game literally every night with every fucking
team you know i i had a kid uh a follower from minnesota like lamenting about the wild and
you know like just like every tweet like it was kind of hilarious like he was like pouting him i
was like buddy you should move here and become a broins fan you got this thing fucking down pat
um the one thing i do love is that you know talking about trade that worked out that was that was the
Andrew Shaw trade so they traded Andrew Shaw to Montreal for a second round pick and that pick
turned into uh Alex Debrinkit so it seems like you know that usually those draft picks especially
second rounders take a long time to to kind of develop and find their way to the league and
that trade already kind of looks like a win
with Shaw's production level versus that contract
versus the player to bring it turning out to be.
So credit to Stan on that one.
Yeah, feel good about the brink.
He adds, you know, a lot more score into that bottom six,
which they definitely did not have last year.
Chief, speaking of trades, you know,
you're one that's always uh you know down to
throw out a nice hypothetical trade on the uh twitter.com machine so you think the you think
the blackhawks make any trades this uh before the trade deadline and if so do what do you think it's
for and you break the story yeah i'll do my best to break the story but yeah i don't know i mean i
have a hard time believing that they'll just sit on
that whole some money so they've got about you know two and a half million dollars to play with
uh they're typically only in the market for rentals there's not really a ton out there
that's like a slam dunk and oh that makes the hawks better the one guy kind of today that jumped
out at me um that i've always kind of liked is John Moore from the Devils.
So now that they've got Votnin, they kind of, you know, John Moore, who's been a really nice player for them this year, is kind of expendable.
I mean, they got Will Butcher and Santini.
They got Mirko Mueller coming back pretty soon.
Andy Green, Damon Severson.
They're carrying nine defensemen technically now on their NHL roster.
So you've got to think that they'd be looking to move somebody out.
John Moore, you slide him next to Seabrook in the third pair
and move Murphy up with Keith, and all of a sudden,
you're a better skating decor.
And Franzen's been great but man i there are
moments where it's like i do not trust that guy in the playoffs because he just he just can't move
so when push comes to shove i'd rather have some guys that can you know win races and skate their
way out of trouble so um and it's probably just flashbacks from last year with nashville it's
like oh man like nash, that's all Nashville did.
Their D got back in one races and chipped it out and they beat us.
So I'd like to add that element to the Hawks, but yeah, I don't know.
I think they'll do something,
but it's not like there's a ton of attractive rental options.
And because they're always up against the cap, it's hard to see them,
you know,
taking on somebody
that has significant term left on their deal.
So we'll see.
The team's coming together pretty nicely, though,
since we last spoke.
And so I feel much better about the Hawks now
after going 5-1 in their last six than I did,
what was it, two weeks ago.
The salary cap was obviously necessary for the financial health of the league
when they installed it finally.
But you must hate it with a passion because the turnover you guys are forced to do
because obviously you need to pay Kane and Taves and what's his face?
Bun fucking D.
I'm brain farting.
Keith, yeah.
It's like you've had a trade.
I know you got him back, but Saad and Terravine and Dallin was a nice little backup.
So much talent.
The Blackhawks, they can't hang on to because of the money,
but it's just, I think, a testament to how much that organization has turned
things around because they were a fucking, you know,
a joke for a while on the old man where it's there before he finally croaked.
And they were, you know, fucking thinking, like, you know,
you're not going to put games on local TV and all that shit.
I don't think people understand how bad it was.
So I really started going to games probably like my freshman year of college back yeah it was the first year after the walkout and we would because
i was going to school like 40 miles 40 minutes north of chicago and we take the train down you
can get a ticket for eight bucks but with your student id you can get in for four and there was
nobody there and um so it was it dire times, and the team was terrible.
And, you know, you couldn't, like, the only way to watch a home game was to go.
And like you said, the old man died.
Yeah, that cap, I mean, I tell you, it would be nice to have guys like Tyra Vina,
Dustin Bufflin, Andrew Ladd.
You know, there is a long, even a guy like Michael Froelich, who's been a really nice,
he was a great penalty killer, fourth-line guy here.
Hawks, I mean, if there was no cap and they were able to keep some of these guys,
and we might be looking at like six Stanley Cups.
The amount of talent they've had to ship out of town for financial reasons is sickening.
But it does make for a great league.
Like, I'm a big advocate of the cap.
I wish they had maybe a little bit of that NBA element where you could pay a
luxury tax to keep some guys because, I mean,
Panarin is another, you know, a cap casualty.
John, this team would be so loaded if they could just keep the guys that they,
you know, signed, signed drafted and developed so
um but yeah they're they're looking much better now i feel you got a kind of a a nice game against
dallas i don't know if you boys watched the uh hawks preds the other night that was like a
playoff game like that level of intensity the crowd was rocking down there in nashville uh
preds won three to two but it was like one of those games where the hawks played well and
had a couple bounces go against them.
So I feel much better.
I think they'll be a playoff team.
And, you know, how far they go probably depends a lot on health and matchups
and stuff like that.
But they've got a shot.
Well, first off, you know, it's funny saying this,
but it's funny how early we look at the playoff seedings now.
And Chicago's, you know, they're right now in the eighth seed.
I think they'll get in.
But we're going to wrap it up here.
Actually, we're bringing on Jordy after you.
So, Blackhawks,
do they win the Cup this year or not?
I can't
say that they will. I mean, that's like
so hard.
My heart says that they'll figure it out.
No one's that great in the West. I don't
trust St. Louis. Maybe they can get it. I don't know.
They've
been looking so good the last two
weeks that I think anything is possible, but
the odds are probably longer than
they were three years ago.
There you go. All right, buddy.
Well, listen, thanks for coming on.
Like I said, we've been doing this little
kind of impromptu roundtable that came about, so thanks as always for coming on. Like I said, we've been doing this little kind of impromptu roundtable
that came about.
So thanks, as always, for coming on, pal.
We'll definitely have you on as the season progresses.
Like I said, I always appreciate your insight.
You know a lot about the game, and you present that well.
So we're going to definitely have you back, buddy.
Grinelli, you're all set, right, brother?
Anything, any shout-outs or shit you got to promote?
Don't you have a party or something,
charity thing, right?
Yeah, we have a concert for Wishfest.
We did a blog about it yesterday.
That's going to be Friday night,
third-eye blind.
It should be an awesome time,
so I'm glad you brought that up.
And yeah, I just wanted to say thanks to you guys.
I love coming on the show.
It's the number one hockey podcast.
If people aren't listening to this,
they're not doing
their job as a hockey fan. So I'm always
happy and thankful to come on.
Well, thanks a lot, brother. I appreciate
the kind words, and have
a great weekend, and hopefully we'll see you
in fucking June.
A big thanks
to my buddy, Bastl Chief.
Me and Chief, actually, he was my original
podcast partner back when me, him, and Wisco did it.
So, you know, we got some podcast history together.
So I always like having him on.
Love what Chief does at Bastl.
Huge underrated guy.
Wish he got a little more props for it.
Whatever.
Knows the game.
He knows the game.
Knows the game real well.
He has more than me, that's for sure.
So now we're going to go from Chicago back to Eastern Time Zone
and talk to our
poor, despondent buddy
Barstool Jordy and his
beleaguered nine-in-a-row losing
flyers. And before we bring on
Barstool Jordy, I just want to
let everybody know that finally
after a huge demand
we have not a big deal shirts
finally available for you to purchase
In the Barstool store
Got a nice white tee
Bing splashed across
Not A Big Deal
Nice looking t-shirt
Spitting chiclets on there
We also have
How about the pocket tees?
The hockey
Dude, I'm a huge pocket tee guy
Great look
It's got the spitting chiclets logo
Designed by yours truly
Not A Big Deal
And on the back Gas and beers and Chuck and N and Chuck and Nuts with the Barstool logo.
Great T-shirt.
Also got an ugly sweater.
If you're going to an ugly sweater party this Christmas season.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
And this beauty right here, the Yarmir Yager Hockey Guy shirt.
I believe if it's not his rookie year, it's his second year in the league.
He's baby-faced, mullet, all that.
Great-looking T-shirt.
So go to BarstoolSports.com.
Just shop under the podcast, Spittin' Chicklets.
Click that.
We still have our classic original logo with the black and gold.
Beautiful-looking shirt.
If you haven't got one, pick one up.
Or go to BarstoolSports.com slash chicklets.
up, go to BarstoolSports.com slash chicklets.
And our next guest on our
Barstool Roundtable of our hockey
writers here at Barstool, we're bringing on
Jordy from
Barstool, Philly, who
not only covers the Flyers in Philadelphia,
which is a fucking abortion of a job in
itself, he does a fantastic
job covering the NHL,
all aspects, everything that goes on at night.
He does a little roundup every day, puts a video out here and there.
He's committed as much as anyone at Bastl to making sure the NHL gets his props.
Lacrosse, too.
Lacrosse, too.
Don't forget lacrosse.
Yeah, you got to remind me because it lacks in on my radar.
Anyways, welcome to the show.
Back to the show, I should say.
Jordy, how you doing, pal?
First off, thanks for having me on here, boys.
But I'll tell you what.
As soon as Grinelli over there, he hit me up about coming on here.
And I was like, these sandbagging son of a bitches.
You guys are waiting until the flyers suck to bring me on.
So appreciate that.
Well, if we wait until it got better, you'd never be on.
This is true.
This is true.
So what the fuck is wrong with the team?
I know everyone's down on Hackstar, yourself included.
Is it just coaching, though?
Is that the  I mean, it seems like it's got to be more than just coaching
why this team's not performing well.
Yeah, I mean, I've already had my big freakout on this team.
I put it out in one of those Quick Shift videos on Wednesday.
So since then, I've kind of just been trying to spin zone this nine-game losing skid. out on this team i put it out in a one of those quick shift videos on wednesday so i've i've
since then i've kind of just been trying to spin zone this nine game losing skid and the best thing
that i can come up with so far is the flyer they're not a bad team by it they're just incredible at
finding new ways to lose games i mean that they have nine straight losses here's some numbers for you for all the uh advanced stat nerds
seven of those games they have given up a lead and five of those games have been either overtime
or a shootout so when it comes to losing this team is just elite one of the best in the league
hands down so i mean that that's what we're dealing with right now um you know and and we'll
we'll see if if they're able to pull out of it i
do think that something needs to change in that locker room um you know when you're looking at
guys i just i think that the easiest fix which you know certainly it's not easy to get rid of
a head coach but i think that the the fix that would have probably the the least amount of
impact on this current season would be hacksaw getting getting shit-canned. Yeah, it doesn't seem like, I mean,
goaltending's been a big issue for you guys historically,
but I don't think that jumps out as a problem.
And, you know, they've got so much talent,
and Giroux, Voracek, Wayne Train,
it's, you know, obviously you need more than that,
but it just seems like maybe they're complimentary players on up the stuff.
Believe it or not, I love when the Flyers are doing well
because they're a fun team to hate.
They're a fun team to have in the mix because it's fucking Philly, man.
You guys are not so much the teams perform well,
but it's a great sports city.
So when the Flyers are involved, I think people are much more interested.
So, okay, say you do go fire Haxtell, then what?
Is that a roster capable of competing?
I mean, you guys are six points out of the wild card right now
and arguably the toughest division in the fucking NHL right now.
What's your future prospects?
Well, one silver lining, this is something that I wake up and I've been reading, you know, every morning for the past few days is the last time that the Flyers have lost nine straight games.
They ended up making it to the Eastern Conference final that year.
So, I mean, this is an organization that can pull out of it.
And before the season started, i really liked what this what
this roster looked like um you know obviously brian ellie and and michael norberth i mean
inconsistency has always been a flaw for flyers goalies since you know you go all the way back
to hexdall um but both of those guys are also capable of having good nights i looked at the
flyers depth at the beginning of the season at forward and it looked like they had a you know a lot of good complimentary guys they're just they
just don't have any confidence right now those guys that are outside of jeru voracek and kuturye
um you know and i i don't necessarily know how to break out of that i mean that that's more of
a mental thing than anything if you lose if you blow the lead in seven straight
games and end up losing, you know, five of them and overtime and a shootout, that's just, it's,
it's totally a mental thing right now. I mean, they're hanging in except for that game against
San Jose the other night where, you know, they just kind of quit on everybody, but they're
hanging in games. They just don't have, you know, what it takes, you know, up, up in their brain
right now to kind of put away a game. Um, you but I guess that's a little bit inspiring that they're staying in games.
I mean, I don't want to sound like an apologist.
You lose nine straight games.
I mean, that's fucking pathetic.
But yeah, I mean, they have the skill to turn it around.
I just don't know, you know, what the mindset in that locker room is right now.
Yeah, Jordy, Ari mentioned that they's six points out of the wild card but they're also seven points away from being at the complete
bottom of the entire eastern conference so at what point do you guys you know sit back and think
all right it's time to sell some of these assets off and you know start looking towards rasmus
dollin and you know the the upcoming draft well well here's the issue right now is that I
don't know if anybody knows what the Flyers current plan is right now I fans don't know I don't know
if if Hextall even knows you know is this team rebuilding or are they trying to compete this
year um they haven't really kind of set forth a a plan of anything like that um you know obviously
Saturday's game which you know I saturday's game which you know
i guess tomorrow's game against the bruins i mean that that's going to be a big one you lose nine
straight games then you have you know you have wednesday thursday friday to kind of think things
over if you can't come out on saturday and and at least put together i mean we got to beat you guys
on saturday uh all you bruins fans out, because if not, then that's a serious issue.
But, yeah, I just don't know if if the organization knows the direction that they're going in right now, because, you know, if you're looking to tank for Dolan, you know, it would make sense to kind of get rid of some of these core guys because you can't keep rebuilding them around them for too long.
I mean, they're all starting to get a little bit up there in age.
And you kind of miss your window on getting rid of a guy like Simmons who could bring back a pretty hefty return.
Teams looking to kind of toughen up their roster for the playoffs.
But he already hit his peak value.
So if they're looking to rebuild, they've kind of missed the boat on some of them.
And I think that Flyers fans right now are just kind of stuck in this limbo
where no one knows what's going on.
Yeah, it's been a rough ride for you guys.
And I know as much as we fuck around with you on the show, like, you know,
like I said, I like when Philly's doing well.
It's fun for the league, man.
And that was some big cat-level spin zone last time they lost nine in a row.
They ended up getting to the Eastern Conference Finals.
But I think they, you know, I mean, if I was a Flyers fan,
I would want them to fucking, you know, at the deadline,
sell off, you know, a couple of maybe key guys and load up for draft picks
and, yeah, basically bottom out.
Because I don't think they're like that close where, you know,
a couple of players will put them in contender status.
I don't, just what we've seen out of them. I mean, you know, a couple of players will put them in contender status. I don't just what we've seen out of them.
I mean, you know,
they probably will fire the coach and maybe whoever they bring in gives the
team a jolt.
But I, you know, I, I wouldn't,
I wouldn't fucking hesitate to get rid of guys and stock up on picks,
but who do you, I mean, it's, it's obviously Tampa Bay,
the head of the cream of the crop right now.
I know they lost Thursday night to the Bruins, but who are you looking at?
Had to include that they lost Thursday night in the Bruins there.
Well, yeah.
And I will throw in they played the night before.
They were probably tired or whatever, but hey, a win is a win.
How do you think the rest of the year shakes out as far as who's going to make a run for the Cup?
Have you changed your mind since the rest of the year shakes out as far as, you know, who's going to make a run for the cup? Have you changed your mind since the beginning of the season or you,
whoever you liked in September, do you still feel the same way?
Yeah, well, actually before the season started, I, you know, I,
I hate the Penguins. I hate everybody from Pittsburgh,
despise the organization, the fans, everything. But I mean,
but they've won it the last two years. So like,
you can't like not put them in there um but right now i'm i'm all on board with tampa bay i
mean that top line of kucherov and stamkos and namestikov i mean they're just unbelievable like
it's just ridiculous they're they're playing you know like it's on easy on nhl 2018 um from the
west i had edmonton and holy shit does a, I mean, you guys have talked about
that team enough already over the last few weeks, but, uh, yeah, I was way off on that one.
Uh, but I'll tell you what, I mean, I, I look at a team right now, like Anaheim who just picked up
Adam Henrique. And as soon as gets off and Kessler get healthy, I think having those three guys down the middle,
as long as they're able to kind of keep themselves in a position
where they can get into the playoffs, I do like that forward lineup now.
Yeah, we discussed that trade a little while ago with Chief as well.
Anaheim's struggling, basically half team are on the DL right now.
Plus, it's
just going to be December tomorrow. I think the last
couple of years, too, the trade deadlines
have been a little bit of a dud, but what we
have seen is some big deals
made in November and
December. That's
a pretty significant trade, but I'm
hoping we get some more in the meantime
because like a Ryan Johansson
Seth Jones type deal, those
slobber knockers are always fun.
Oh yeah.
You mentioned you hate everyone from
Pittsburgh. Who is
this guy, this radio host
from Pittsburgh that just attacks you on
Twitter? Who is this guy?
That's
Mark Madden. He's
a fat slob who's not
really worth too much time on your podcast so i wouldn't want to i wouldn't want to bore your
listeners with too much mark madden talk but uh yeah he's just one of those you know trolls from
from pittsburgh who you know looks way more like a real life troll than anybody else that i've come
across so that's fucking hilarious uh just for
the record i'm i like the city of pittsburgh and the people there but you're from philadelphia
and that's that's you know that's probably one of the better rivalries not just like the teams
but the cities and shit the hate the hate is real and it's fucking great to watch from afar
yeah i've uh i actually have a brother who's living out in pittsburgh and he calls me every
day and every time that i write that you know a blog about the penguins he's like dude you're of uh yeah i've uh i actually have a brother who's living out in pittsburgh and he calls me every day
and every time that i write that you know a blog about the penguins he's like dude you're fucking
killing me here like everyone in the city hates me right now because they know that we're related so
that's fucking hilarious all right we're gonna wrap it up here in a second i just uh one more
one more question to close it up with with your appearance today. Does the Flyers make the playoffs or no?
You know what?
This is how I'll close it out with you guys.
I don't want anyone out there, no one would,
but feel bad for the Flyers and Flyers fans
because they're not going to make the playoffs.
But here's the thing.
They're a selfless team.
I'm 25 years old, been a philly fan my entire life and with with
the way that the eagles are playing right now the way that the sixers are playing right now
there's not a chance in hell in philadelphia that three teams could be good at the same time
the flyers sacrifice themselves and and for that you know i think that the entire city should be
very thankful to them um you know they've sacrificed themselves this year and then that
that brings the eagles to 10 and 1 that brings the Eagles to 10-1.
That brings the Sixers to being 12-8 right now.
So even though they're going to miss out on the playoffs this year,
it's for the betterment of the city,
and I couldn't be more grateful for that.
Oh, man, you guys are fucking scat.
This has nothing to do with the Patriots,
but just like
seeing how enthusiastic Smitty's
been about the Eagles,
it's going to be amazing to watch
when it all disintegrates in the playoffs.
Whether it's the first round,
second round, the Super Bowl, whatever.
It's the NFL, man. A 10-1 don't
mean shit until the playoffs
come. You bastard. One other NFL, man. A 10-1 don't mean shit until the playoffs come. You bastard.
One other thing, too.
Boston will gladly take Wayne Simmons off your hands.
I can't believe he's got another year left at 3.975 million.
That's a fucking steal.
All right, listen, Jordy, thanks for coming on, joining us once again.
I know it's been a little bit, but we had a nice little Barstool roundtable today,
and we always appreciate the Philly perspective.
Big thanks once again to our boy Jordy down in Philly.
Poor guy, suffering with the flyers.
Have to send him a fucking get well soon card.
But if you're not following him on Twitter or on Barstool,
and you're a hockey fan, then you're doing it wrong.
He grinds out every day great NHL content. So give him a follow.
That brings us to one of my favorite segments.
It's our only one, so it's my favorite one. Alright, Hamilton.
Our questions from our listeners. Grinnell, you fire it up.
Alright, The86Car asks, Would you rather a night at the Playboy Mansion
in Hayday,
golf with Arnold Palmer, or win the cup?
All right, Hamilton.
This one, easy for me.
It's obviously win the cup.
And I'll tell you, a night at the Playboy Mansion in the heyday,
you know, getting ass is always great when you're a young single guy.
But it's one night, man.
You're going to get laid a zillion other times after that.
I mean, plus during the heyday, you probably do too much blow anyways and won't be able to get a boner anyway.
So I'm going to go with the Cup.
It's something that it's a lifetime memory that you're part of hockey immortality.
And as we've discussed on this pod many times, I'm not a golfer.
I mean, I would golf with Arnold Palmer for sure, but definitely the cup.
What about you?
So I would probably do a night at the Playboy Mansion,
and I'll tell you why.
Because you're 24.
Yeah.
And that's what I'd say if I was your age.
And I look at a guy like Witt.
He never won a cup, still doing pretty good for himself,
just had a healthy baby boy.
And so, you know, I could always win an Olympic medal.
I could win a gold medal at the Olympics
and still go to the Playboy Mansion.
And then you could tell all your friends how you got herpes back in L.A. in 1975.
All right, so next up we got Dan O'Brien, Big Boy OB, asks,
At what point in the season do you start to press the panic button
or start to look at trading some players to start a rebuild?
All right, Hamilton.
I would say right around now for a lot of teams,
as we were just kind of talking about with Jordy.
I mean, I said it, you know, I think two weeks ago with the Bruins.
I said, I don't want to hit the panic button.
I just want to make sure I know where it is because, you know,
they had six or seven regulars out.
They were starting seven rookies.
And, you know, it was a kind of tenuous situation.
They got guys back.
Things are much improved.
So, yeah, I think this is the time of year where, you know,
like if you're a fan, you've got to start wondering,
is this team capable of, A, getting to the playoffs,
and, B, doing anything if they get there?
And I think, like we said, we've seen earlier trades,
you know, blockbuster types.
It's not necessarily people waiting for the deadline.
So, yeah, right around now, if your team's, I'd say,
eight points or more out of the playoffs,
then you're going to be a seller in March.
All right, last but not least, we got Mike Posterino who asks,
what is Tyga going to shoot today?
All right, Hamilton.
A hot load all after a white trash waitress's face.
No.
He's probably going to shoot about 120 because he's washed.
Tiger's done.
If he's healthy all of a sudden, then he's probably on the fucking Peyton Manning's wife recipe.
Sorry, that's the truth.
He was great.
He's definitely arguably the greatest golfer ever,
but he's done, man.
It's the writings on the wall.
Tiger's back, baby.
Tiger's back.
I feel like you're rooting for him to not be back.
No, it would be a fantastic story.
I mean, no denying that.
I've always said Tiger's one of the most fascinating
sports personalities of the last 50 years.
Like Mike Tyson, I think you would include that,
because I've never seen, and we've seen athletes fall from grace.
It's, you know, countless times.
It happens all the time with great athletes.
But I've never seen it happen with a guy undone by, like,
banging white trash pussy.
I mean, that's, like, not to be crude or whatever,
but, like, that, like, kind of led to everything after that.
It hasn't been the same.
And it's just of all the way, it wasn't drugs.
It wasn't gambling.
It wasn't cheating or whatever.
Allegedly.
It was screwing around with his wife.
And I think what happened with Tyga was he was kind of a geeky kid growing up.
He probably didn't get a lot of girls, you know,
on the golf team at Stanford or whatever.
And I don't know if he took someone's advice or whatever.
You know, he got married and started the family,
and he tried to play that role.
But, you know, there's something to be said for everybody, male and female.
It's so in your oats.
You know, if you plan on getting married someday and, you know,
you've never been with a woman or a guy before, you know, you're that young.
I just don't think he experienced a lot of that.
And he never scratched that itch.
And unfortunately, he started a family before he decided to.
And it's just crazy that basically he was on track to break every record
and be the greatest of all time in a sport.
And, you know, banging fucking strange led to his downfall.
It's really an unbiased perspective. It's really a fire and even an unbiased perspective,
just a crazy fucking story.
Team Tiger.
Yeah, hey, there you go.
I know he's got the boys out there.
This week's All Right Hamilton is brought to you by Zip Recruiter.
What if hiring could be easier, more streamlined, and less time consuming?
So even when you're busy, you could still be smart about the way you hire.
With ZipRecruiter,
you can post your job to over 100 of the web's leading job boards with just one click.
So you can rest easy knowing your job is being seen by the right candidates. Then ZipRecruiter
puts its smart matching technology to work, actively notifying qualified candidates about
your job within minutes of posting. So you receive the best possible matches. That's why ZipRecruiter
is different. Unlike other hiring sites, ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on the right
candidates finding you. It finds them. You can even get a head start on the interview process
by adding questions to your job post to help identify the most qualified candidates so you
don't have to waste time sorting through a bunch of resumes to find the right fit.
No wonder 80 of employers who post on ZipRecruiter
got a quality candidate through the site in just one day.
And the easy-to-use ZipRecruiter dashboard
lets you manage your hiring process from start to finish all in one place.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Find out today why ZipRecruiter has been used by growing businesses
of all sizes and industries to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results.
And right now, our listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
One more time, try it for free.
For free, that is.
Go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
All right, well, that wraps up another episode of Spitting Chicklets.
Again, a huge congrats to our buddy Ryan and his wife and the new baby.
We're super excited for him.
He's going to be back next week, too, so we'll be right back at it.
And by the way, too, obviously we give teases.
We don't give names, but we've got
some pretty good guests in the
shoot. A couple of active
players, some front office
people we got lined up, a
retired guy who's actually
going to make the trip in person.
He's going to take a ride up from New York to
come do the show. We're really excited about that.
So again, everyone, thanks for listening.
Subscribe, unsubscribe, resubscribe.
Leave us a review on iTunes.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
Hey, BJ,
don't leave me hanging
on the line.
I knew you went.
You had no one to talk to.
Now you're gone.
