Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grine episode 550 of the Spit and Chicklets podcast. We're getting
to way more episodes than I had games played, and that means it's way, way more episodes than Biz had games played.
We're not near Keith yet.
Not how we get if we can get up to where Keith, Keith's game played in
Chicklet's episodes, then we're laughing boys.
We're laughing. It's great to see you guys.
I hope everyone had a wonderful week and we got to talk about Pink Whitney.
And it'll lead us into Biz's 40th birthday bash.
What an absolute time that looked like in spots.
I believe it was a disco, like.
Disco rodeo theme.
Disco rodeo, very, very interesting.
Disco biscuits for Biz on his disco rodeo
and it was a Pink Whitney party.
I was so sad I couldn't be there for Biz's 40th,
but Pink Whitney everywhere.
I saw the shots, I saw the big bottles, I saw everything.
Pink everywhere, of course our girl Julia!
She was there maybe handing out shots, drinking her own.
So what an amazing week for Pink Whitney.
Thank you so much to everyone who drinks it.
Spring is in the air, summer's coming.
I know Pink Whitney's drank in the winter,
but it's spring, summer, and maybe early fall.
It's a warm weather drink that really, really
just quenches your thirst when you're thirsty.
So thank you so much to everyone who drinks it.
Boys, what is going on?
Biz, I couldn't believe it.
I knew you were having this big old party,
but then I saw the first videos and pictures that came out.
I mean, who organized it?
It was like a bar mitzvah.
Bob does sports. Bob Robbie Berger sent over a text.
He said, it looked like my sweet 16 party.
But hey, you were there in spirit
because we actually did a Pink Whitney cocktail.
It was the theme drink of the night.
So thank you for sending those cases over.
And Yans, unfortunately, you couldn't make it either.
A few people asked me, where's Yans?
You guys got families.
You guys got things planned.
I think we sent the invite out about two months ago. And we were going to do this disco party. make it either. A few people asked me, where's Hans? You guys got families, you guys got things planned.
I think we sent the invite out about two months ago,
and we were going to do this disco rodeo theme,
and it just so happens, it's one of my best friends,
if not my best friend, Jackie the Alien's 40th as well,
and that's, I believe, on March 29th.
So she's like, God, I'm going to spend all this time
and energy planning mine, and he's going to want to come,
so why don't we just collaborate then? I said, hey, I'm going to spend all this time and energy planning mine and he's going to want to come. So like, why don't we just collaborate them?
I said, Hey, the house will be done.
Let's do it at my place on the Saturday and let's have all the friends in for the weekend
staying at that global ambassador, unreal set up there.
And then on Friday, the day before my party, we went to Buffalo chip.
I've talked about it before.
If Gange, I'll throw it over to you.
Donor brought us there for the first time
because he loved, I think he owned a ranch out
in Cave Creek at the time.
And he would bring us to this place with,
it's like out of a fucking movie set up.
Buffalo Chip.
Buffalo Chip.
Yeah, it's a rodeo bar.
We had the one year, it was the coolest thing
I've ever seen.
I knew nothing. I think it was my first year in the league.
I knew nothing about country music and they're like, Hey, come to the rodeo
trip.
There's a concert just for the guys.
It was Garth Brooks.
What?
Just sitting there in front of us.
Yeah.
I remember he used to have his charity with the NHL guys.
If everyone donated, it could be a private tour.
It was amazing.
And he just sat there was the coolest thing I've ever seen, but that was the
inside, the outside, you got live rodeo going on, you got both.
So we would go there for Halloween parties.
We had hired the rodeo guys in the bowls and they'd put on a show for us.
And maybe one or two guys got on the bullet, but that's neither here nor there.
No, but you did that at 2 a.m.
like later on that somebody called the bull.
I got in on one of the parties,
but they never opened the gate.
I just wanted to feel what it was like,
holy fuck, like the power on them
and like them breathing, you're like,
don't open the gate.
And this is, I would say the federal league of bull riding.
So, you know, not these P PBR bowls where they're fucking like,
like bodacious shit.
But it's like a perfect little pen.
It's got like a mini arena.
They got a couple of VIP suites above it
and they do like 45 minutes to an hour.
They get this lady in all glitter out there
with the American flag.
They sing God bless America
on the mic and then they do it for about 45 minutes and then they end it with the kids
mutton racing. So they put the kids in the helmets and any kids, any parents who bring
their kids, they could sign them up and they ride the sheep. So they kind of do it like,
you know, Hey, some of these kids are getting chucked off and you could see they're walking
back to their parents and they're like, oh, oh,
and then like everybody's going nuts
so it's probably a little overwhelming for these,
you know, these kids who live out there
or even just some city kids trying it for the first time.
So, and then when you get out of that part,
so they do three different ones.
They do one at eight, like 10.30 and like whatever, 11.30
and then there's line dancing and like a covered part.
So it has like a little bit of everything
and it's the perfect compact size
where we're not talking about like a 20 acre grounds here.
We're talking about compacting to what?
Like two, three acres?
Yeah, yeah.
So it was just an unbelievable time.
It was raining a little bit, but everybody embraced it.
And man, some of our guy friends,
like their wives have had kids,
but they're banging and they're wearing like the assless chaps with thongs and
stuff. And you're out there and your wives, your, your buddies wives were
wearing, oh dude, some of these wives that we, it was incredible.
Like, gee, I'll let you step in.
Do they go to this club in Vancouver? Vancouver, that place you were talking about?
No, these are like when they're out of town,
they'll leave the kids at home, and this is the grown-ups
time to let loose and be their old wild selves.
Like Shar, who had the, like Shar is one,
she was actually on a few reality shows,
and she's Sean Dijon.
Remember when I talked about Sean Dijon?
That's that guy's wife.
So, I mean, I'll throw it over to you, G.
That was your first experience
with my friend group from Vancouver.
They are wild.
Wild, like wild.
And it sucks because they're all,
I'd say every guy is 6'2", plus handsome as fuck,
rich as fuck, their wives are all gorgeous women.
Stunners.
So me and Niem's walking in,
I wouldn't necessarily say we fit in with your friend group.
They loved you guys.
To no surprise at all, you throw one hell of a party.
I'd say like the biggest eye-opening experience
was your house.
I knew your house was gonna be sick,
but like seeing this in person for the first time was,
like you gotta do architectural digests there or something.
Like you walk in the backyard backyard the waterfalls coming down.
I mean the backyard so big you had food trucks back there.
Yeah it was nice.
It was unbelievable.
Talking to all your friends I thought was awesome too.
And I thought the funniest part of my weekend was Bugsy called me and I was like oh what's up Bugsy.
And I start talking to Bugsy he's like what are you doing.
I'm like oh I'm at Biz's 40th birthday in Scottsdale.
And he's like, oh, fuck.
Last time I went to Scottsdale,
I think it was my 40th birthday too.
Next thing you know, I blink.
I'm on a PJ to Vegas with Biz, Teddy, Mike Commodore.
And I'm like, what the fuck?
I, they just were randomly, I got a text,
they were in town and I was like, sure, I'll join you.
And then they're like, hey, come on a PJ to Vegas for the night.
And I'm like, all right, sure. Let's do it. And I fuck it. Yeah.
That was an impromptu one, but a fuck.
It would have been fun to have bugs. He there scooping everybody.
I started out too. Like twit. That was awesome. When Twista came out,
what did he sing back in the day? Oh, he, a couple of bangers. Oh yeah, hit with Kanye.
He had a couple of bangers himself,
and then he was on a Kanye track.
So like four or five of his own bangers,
and he sang a couple 50 cent tunes.
So Mariel is Jackie's best friend,
and she wanted to throw a surprise.
Obviously more for her, but for us,
it kind of got blown, like the cover got blown, I was here in the afternoon and I see this guy out there
doing a sound check and there's speakers there where I'm like, ah, if those are the speakers
we're using, we're going to get shut down pretty quick.
Like what?
But that was the request that he had to have that that set up.
So kind of like then I got asked if they could use one of my spare bedrooms and I'm like,
okay, something's going on.
And they were OK telling me.
This may come as a shock to you.
I don't know if you talked to Jeff about this,
but they were trying to surprise me as well.
Buddy.
When he told me this was happening,
I was like, no fucking way.
Was it Bonnie Blue?
Yes.
Bonnie Blue.
They were trying to get her to come over.
And she was going to, but she was late for her flight.
I was happy that
didn't happen. Like I don't like that would have been so uncomfortable.
She was going to jump out of a birthday cake. It would have been incredible.
That would have been my surprise.
So if I was going, when Jeff told me that I was like, if I was going, like I'm canceling
my flight.
That's why I thought you weren't there. When I heard the surprise, I'm like, no wonder
it wasn't coming.
I'm like, he's going to have a kid with Bonnie blue on his 40th birthday like this
Chicklet is gonna end. No, I'll tell you what like I don't know she says he doesn't fit in with you and your friends like
Bree and I we go out to dinner like listen a little Taylor Swift on the way like have a steak a glass of wine
Then go get an ice cream and your your buddies have cock rings on and their wives are wearing thongs out like who are these people?
Hey so so I got yeah we got about six gay guys in our friend group right so
awesome dudes they were great. Oh and do they ever attract like attractive ladies
they are just so fucking fun to be around and yeah they they never have a
shortage of talent around them. But we were
at Buffalo Chip and two of them who maybe don't like you would
never guess they were gay. Like some of them they dress very
flamboyant and you're like, okay, obviously, you're
dressed. Yeah. Exactly how I'm dressed. By the way, Pasha was
online before the party a couple days and he was looking at these and they were solid colors.
And I literally saw this one and I go,
that one's gonna piss off Whit, get me that one.
No, but first thing I saw when I saw it,
I was like, that thing's sick.
That is so good.
I just know there's so many things you wear
that if I wore, I'd get booed off this planet.
Like all of a sudden I'm on an Elon rocket. There's so many things you wear that if I wore, I'd get booed off this planet.
Like all of a sudden I'm on an Elon rocket.
I got the matching one for us for the next Sandbagger
against the Four Playboys,
and we'll get to that in a minute.
But where were we at right before that?
Oh, so.
Twista.
Yeah, so Marielle Armstrong is her best friend,
and she wanted to contribute a surprise,
and she ended up like it just so
worth they reached out to a bunch of different rappers and then he was one that was going
to be local and wasn't crazy crazy expensive like like a hundred K tab you know if you're
bringing in one of the big dogs and he was so professional he got here early he obviously
did the sound check had the unreal speakers and even stayed after and just a classy classy guy, we was talking about like his childhood,
he had a stutter and he started like rapping
to like gain confidence and like,
obviously it brought him to where he got to
and he's still doing it.
So unreal surprise and Jackie loves that
like 90s 2000 rap era.
So it was the perfect surprise for her,
and she was shocked, so unreal job there.
Kaitlyn Bristow, another one of my friends,
she's a Canadian girl, was on The Bachelor.
She was invited, she was supposed to come,
she had to back out, because she's got a crazy schedule,
but she sent this like rocker telegram,
have you seen that?
Did you see the clip?
No.
Where this guy comes in, he's got a wig on,
he looks like Jimi Hendrix, and he has a guitar and a stand,
and it's got the songs that he's gonna sing as a telegram.
It's like, hey, this is for Paul for your 40th birthday,
sorry that Caitlin couldn't be here,
but she wanted to send me,
and he's doing the rocker voice and stuff,
but he forgot my name and stuff,
and Cal's in the room and we're all watching,
and he's like, way to come prepared. And then he like got the actual
script up and I'm like how many of these have you done tonight? He's like you're
my third house. So he's like going around Paradise Valley just doing these like
one off telegrams. So that was a pretty funny wrinkle in the party. And then
and then our buddy Gail and DJ GGA didn't I got the name of this company
that we hired here like boys
like I'm going to do this every year now some people are criticizing me being like, Oh,
I thought you weren't a big birthday guy. Like, no, I'm not a big sitting on your phone
answering texts all day, but like to be like in the moment with all of my friends surrounded
by your friends. Like, yeah, it's different. Yeah. It was just, uh, it kind of made me
be like, ah, this needs to happen way more often
And as we get older in life, we start realizing that there's not much time. Why are you laughing like that?
It's just thinking of one of these parties every year cracks me up
But most people go hard for the 40th and then maybe chill for nine years till the world
I'll tell you this the reason why I would do it is because this Bloomin' Blueprint company
that Jackie found, so the key, the deal was,
is Jack's, I'll pay for the whole thing,
but I don't want to fucking worry about a thing.
So she found these party planners,
and they did such an amazing job.
They set it all up, they came the day before,
they're not like, during the party,
like any bit of, not I'm going to say drama,
but like anything that's maybe not going to court,
they're dealing with it, no stress on the host
and who's throwing it.
And they were so sweet to work with.
They found this unreal photographer, Jackie and them,
and the photographer was incredible
and everything was just, was unbelievable.
So thank you to them.
We got a food truck and it was just-
Are they nationwide, Biz?
Or are they Justin Scott? What's that?
Are they nationwide or are they just in Scott?
That I don't have the answer to that question, but they were on site the entire time.
So obviously there are ones that live local and they were so professional and I would,
like I said, I'm doing it every year.
The only difference next year is I'm doing a, like a 12 to 10, because at 10, I didn't realize the,
like the PV code, no music after 10.
So it's a little bit, we cheated a little bit,
cops didn't come back.
We were probably inside by 1130, very respectful.
We invited all the neighbors too.
You got to invite the neighbors.
I got to meet the neighbors for the first time.
And then obviously they're all toast.
I totally meant you wearing that with your cocking on.
Oh my god, I can't even imagine with Bonnie Blue. Yeah, I'm on imagine with Bonnie blue.
I was actually boys and going back, I was excited.
The alien.
They're like, what the fuck is going on right now?
Who's our neighbor?
Yeah, I'm happy that that didn't happen in the twist.
The surprise did.
But what a celebration for you, Biz.
All my friends.
Gans whiz was there.
Ray Whitney, Taylor Pye,. Oh yeah, the best.
And yeah, it was just all my friends were like,
even my Canadian friends were like, what a legend.
This guy's the man.
And a lot of them are Oilers fans and knew that he grew up
like a trainer there.
So it was an unreal mix of people.
And next year, you guys will be there.
We'll do a pool party.
I'll have the pickleball court in.
We'll do all fun and games one day.
And it'll be an awesome time.
Different theme every year?
No, I think we're gonna stick with the cock rings.
Yeah, I think we're gonna stick with that.
That'll be perfect.
That'll be perfect.
I gotta like put one in the wash
so hopefully it shrinks so I can wear one.
Hey, let's do the same for me, please.
Yeah, you were at, were you at the hockey fest in Lauderdale?
Yeah. What was that?
Is that like, is that like a similar to Chicklets Cup just on maybe a bigger scale?
I don't, I haven't been to a Chicklets. How many ranks do you guys have for that?
We have, we have six, we have four to six for street hockey and then two for roller hockey.
Okay. So there was just six there, but it was all just ball hockey. But it was awesome.
Yeah, the Panthers and those hockey fest guys and gals are unbelievable.
Wait, was it Jonesy? Our guy?
No, it was the woman. What's her name, G?
It's Brad Jones's company though. Yeah.
Moriah helped set it up.
Oh, sick. Yeah, Moriah.
Oh, no shit.
And yeah, they were amazing.
But yeah, the Panthers just, you know, unreal.
I think Sean Thornton, those guys in the, uh, on the business side,
probably set it all up, but they had.
I think 30 teams for the adult division that was on the Saturday, the one that I
went to and then, um, and then on Sunday was the, the kids division.
I wasn't able to go to that.
Uh, I think there was like 36 teams.
So great.
That's a great, um, you know, great show win
for down here in South Florida.
I met a ton of fans too of, you know, the show and you guys
and actually one of the teams.
So I would show up, I was just gonna walk around,
talk to people.
I show up, there's a team and the name,
it just says the Song Daddies on the front of their jersey.
So I'm like, I gotta play for this team.
So ended up playing a couple of games with them.
Was minus six and had a two assist and a goal.
So pretty standard.
I like to hear that.
I like that.
Not so easy, is it?
No, it's not.
Did you find any possible stranglers?
Like any guys look good out there?
There was one goalie I had my eye on.
Yeah, he might get a little bit of a trial.
I'm going to have them come over.
I'm going to shoot some pucks at them.
Uh, and I think we have it set up for next Friday.
So we'll do that.
And then there was two other guys, um, that I talked to, I, you know,
I liked their skill.
I liked what they brought.
I told them I needed a little bit more out of them with blocking shots.
And then the next game they were laying down blocking shots.
So there was definitely, you know, my, my scouting ears and eyes were, were at
the tournament looking for some players, but yeah, an unreal, uh, event that the
Panthers did and, and, you know, I was talking to those guys and, you know,
trying to maybe hopefully we could do something with them with a ball hockey
or, you know, some type of event, but it was, it was amazing.
And like I said, the, uh, the company that does it is unreal.
That's all up. They had food trucks. It was like business birthday.
They had food trucks and stuff for the kid. Video game.
Yeah. They had a midget riding like a Doberman pincher. It's like, oh yeah.
Shit. This is a crossover from busy partyinscher. It's like, oh yeah, shit, this is a crossover from Busy Party.
So last week.
Keep the chirps coming.
I'll pod, please.
I've been, when before we had kids,
and even when Ryder was a baby, we'd go down to Florida
and rent a place for like two months.
We did that.
And then Wyatt was born.
We still did it.
Then Ryder starts kindergarten last year,
and you can't really do that anymore.
And then like this year, I started coaching, right? So all of a sudden I kind of realized
and came to the conclusion like I'm never really going to be going on golf, on any golf trips,
at least from September to March. And then the problem is I probably could, but we have all our
work trips. So I can't then come home and go away again for just to play golf. So I've been like,
God, I really miss golf. Like I've been like, God, I really
miss golf. Like I'm not really going to be playing golf six months a year besides our
sandbaggers.
Wow. We're the kings of YouTube golf.
No, but listen, so I've been, I've been, uh, I've been like the past month I've been like,
ah, and then my wife's like, what am I? Oh, so and so is down golfing right now. And then
like three days later, I'm like, oh, man,
Shaw's is playing the Grove today. And like she finally like that two weeks ago, she's like,
all right, you got to like go play golf, like get out of my face.
She's like, just go away for a night and play golf.
So I have a buddy here, Andy Luther's kids, the man
we play in, the big member guest together at Wallis.
And he's from Alabama.
I actually met this kid. I was playing in the state am guest together at Wallaston and he's from Alabama. I actually met this kid
I was playing in the state am I think it was like 2020
I
Didn't know him and we're playing around like the fifth or sixth hole
He's like, hey, so you you know anyone around here who likes playing like money matches like gamble a bunch of my I'm like
Oh buddy, this is perfect. This is great. We met
He's also a member at Boston Golf Club,
this beautiful course in Hingham, Massachusetts.
So we've started playing a ton of golf since.
So I texted the kid two weeks ago.
I'm like, hey, any chance next week
we can go down to the Tree Farm?
Just straight up invited myself.
The Tree Farm is a course that was recently built
by this PGA Tour golfer, Zach Blair.
It's in the middle of nowhere.
Like, we landed in Charlotte and drove two hours to the woods where he built this.
This course is unbelievable.
He's like, yeah, we can go next Tuesday.
There's a 7 a.m. flight. We'll play Tuesday afternoon.
We'll play Wednesday morning. There's a 7 p.m. flight home.
I'm like, that's perfect. That's exactly what I need.
So then I immediately text Tuca. I'm like, Tuca, you want to play?
I was trying to think of guys from around here who could just take off. Tuca's like, it's my birthday.'s exactly what I need. So then I immediately text Tuka. I'm like, Tuka, you want to play? I was trying to think of guys from around here could just take off.
Tuka is like, it's my birthday. I'd love to go.
And then Luther texted this guy, Taylor Twalman, who played in the MLS forever.
I think he played in the World Cup.
He's now the main Apple TV, like analyst for the MLS.
And he's coming from L.A.
He's like, there's a red eye to Charlotte. I land at like 9 a.m.
I'm like, boom, we got it. We got a group for two rounds. So we went down. This place is out of this world. Unreal.
Like the course, it's just one of the sickest courses I've ever played. There's no menu. They
just make like a big, not a buffet, but like every morning there's like three different breakfast
options. Lunch same thing, dinner same thing. And there's like cabins. So we had a great time.
Sounds like a red tail, kind of.
Yeah, like very, like I think they have, I want to say there's 250 members and yeah,
like nobody lives around, nobody lives around there. It's all national members that come in and out.
So the cabins.
Yeah, there's like, well, they have, yeah, they have, there's not like a cabin with like four,
like all you guys are one cabin. They have like three different big ones with just rooms.
So it's like you have your own room, but it's not like you're in some big cabin.
But the only reason I say is because I finally got a way to play some golf.
So first round, I hit it horrible.
I shot 73. I was like, what?
I had my short game. I was like fucking Rory McIlroy chipping and putting.
Then the next round, I knew it.
I'm like, I can't hit the ball right now.
I shot 86. I was horrible.
But in that round, I think it was the,
it's a par five dogleg right.
I don't remember the name of the hole.
Tuca hits his ball left, I hit my ball right.
There's a big hill down to the right of the fairway.
So Tuca's over on the left.
I'm like, I'm just gonna sneak down.
I'm gonna sit down against the hill
and I'm just gonna let him hit over me, right?
And then I'll just get back up and hit my ball buddy
I'm sitting there and I'm just kind of waiting to like I hear him make contact and go fuck
He hit a ground ball. No, it went a thousand miles an hour directly into my shoulder blade
And the crazy thing is I was sitting there and I'm like, wow, I'm like, if he somehow
hit a grounder, it really technically could hit me.
It would have to, I mean, it was a one in a million shot.
You got to hit a grounder first off and then you have to be in the exact line of burying
me.
Dude, if it had hit me in the head, I might be dead.
I might not be sitting here.
You could bury me at your 41st birthday party.
But I ended up, I ended up just, oh!
So I was losing it, Tuca felt so bad.
But we had a great time, so I got a couple rounds in,
and that kinda leads me into like,
I gotta play some golf, because we have foreplay coming up.
And we have an interview, just in a couple minutes,
we interviewed Robbie Berger,
he's the man behind Bob Does Sports.
Our sandbagger was released last week.
I had a couple people like, when are you gonna do hockey players again? I'm like buddy
We got six hundred thousand views on this video already
We released it five days ago
So it was incredible the feedback all their fans that came over from their channel in our first one
They came over to the baggers Pasha crushed it and then this viewer. I mean, it's been going crazy
So we have Robbie on but we're also playing foreplay.
That's why I wanted to play some golf.
So I know you chatted with Frankie Biz.
Well, because like you were talking about how hard it is
for you to get away sometimes, because you have the kids.
I mean, you missed my birthday.
You're going to go down to IceCon,
I believe on Saturday the 29th.
Yeah, and I'm going there because my brother had a baby.
I want to meet his daughter.
So you can kind of do a full tour there.
And then we're going to be there.
Kind of sounded like you were throwing a shot at him there.
At who?
At Whit.
He said, you missed my birthday, but you go in IceCon.
No, no, I'm saying that he's going for IceCon.
He's going to be down there to see his brother's baby.
And then now in Atlanta on the Monday,
we're squeezing in a match with foreplay.
Now they originally talked about kind of doing it like the Bob does where it goes the Monday
and Tuesday.
Well, Witt's got to get home.
You can only spend so much time away from the kids.
So I'm like, listen, the momentum from the Bob does bagger, like we want to get into
golf.
We want Witt to be golfing more, but also kill two birds with one stone, bring more
entertainment to our viewers, especially on the YouTube channel. So I reached out to Frankie and apparently
the we're gonna be doing a 1v1 or that's what they proposed in the one match
we're able to do now I'm not a 1v1 guy we've never golfed that way in our
videos so I was thinking and we I discussed it with Gia I discussed it via
text with Jans and I believe you were on the text thread.
Also mentioned it with Frankie,
where we're gonna hop on the phone,
and I think we should do three different nines in one day.
It'll be a marathon.
Now he brought up the point,
this little rivalry between you and Riggs
has been going on, how long now?
How long since that call where he was trying to call?
Eight years ago?
Ten years?
Five or six years? call? Eight years ago? Ten years? Five or six years?
Six, seven years ago?
No, you know what?
Ryder's seven and a half,
and he was like a little baby crying in the car
as I was screaming on the phone.
So yeah, seven years ago.
About seven years ago, this whole riff started,
and you guys couldn't play against each other
because of the sponsorship,
and you would have missed some type of US amateur event.
I could have missed it. Yeah, it was ridiculous. But yeah, it's a long time coming. So they want
to do just... All right, so I see what you're saying. So we do one-nine would be one-on-one.
Yes, so that would have to be one of the first two matches because if we or they win in two, then we won't get
to the third. So everybody wants to see the build up of the one V one. So each of us will
have a one V one partner. Yours will be rigs. I think that each partner should have to share
the cart. So you and rigs would be in the exact same cart, much like we did with the
Bob does guys. I would also play Trent 1v1,
and Yans would probably have to go against Frankie.
I know Frankie's an unreal golfer and better than Yans,
but we discuss the handicaps, we get that out of the way.
Then we've been doing scrambles,
and I'm sure they've done plenty of scrambles,
so the next nine would be scramble.
And I think the last one, but it's up for discussion,
would be alternate shot.
Oh, that's good.
I like that.
It's a marathon of a day.
Advantage to them a little bit, because they're
golfing way more than us as far as a stamina standpoint.
Believe me, by the time the 16th, 17th hole run around,
for me, who's a non-golfer, I'm like,
I don't want to swing the club anymore.
So we'll have to discuss handicaps.
They also mentioned, where does the video live? that can be discussed on this call to I will delegate two of the winter
videos. What's that winter gets it. Well, we got it. We got to decide. But oh, that
winner. I would say that winner gets two of the three nines. I think we should release
the nines one consecutive days, one after the other. I think we should release the nines one consecutive days one after the other.
I think that and and worst case maybe four play drops the first one we drop the second one the
next day and then maybe the third one lives on on Barstool's platform. I don't know but we need to
hall hop on a call we need to hammer this down because as the kings of YouTube golf we have a
duty to make this another entertaining match and it will be and it was no disrespect to them not wanting to do two days in a row, but scheduling wise,
it works for one day. Let's do a fucking marathon and let's fucking go baby because we have
a match of the century against the four play guys. This has been a riff for a long time.
Wow. I have no, I have no personal beef towards Trent Riggs or Frankie. They've done so much for golf. The content creators classic was unbelievable.
Trent had an iconic viral moment that can relate
to all the common golfers out there.
But let's be realistic here, boys.
The fact that we weren't invited to that thing
is an absolute joke.
I would put us as top five in YouTube golf right now
as far as the entertainment that we provide.
We ain't fuckin' doin' our prayers before we tee off
and talkin' about our wedge game.
We're fuckin' bringin' the alcohol, the drugs,
the chirping, and most things of what the common man
wanna see on the golf course.
So let's fuckin' go, baby.
So yeah, I think you and Trent are pretty even.
Frankie's very good, but if Keith plays good,
so is Biz sometimes.
And I mean, Trent shot 30 over for eight holes.
If me and him have to play our own balls,
and it's a difficult course,
buddy, I showed up to Whisper Rock with Ray Whitney
and shot like a
120-130 like to the point where Ray's like you're never getting invited back Well, I mean now that post-career is gone the way it has I did finally the other night of my birthday get the invite back
to whisper rock so
Yeah, so yeah, that'll be excellent. I think rigs and I'm now a three handicap. I think he's probably a three two
So we might be playing straight up. I think you and Trent are very similar, Biz.
And Keith, what are you, a six?
Seven, yeah.
I think Trent is going to watch.
I think Frankie's probably a three now, two or a three.
So this will be excellent.
This will be excellent.
And I know we haven't gotten into any hockey.
We're going to get into that right after the Robbie Burger
interview, little different show today,
but we're going all hockey.
Yeah, but wait, to the people that send messages
and complain like this is a hockey podcast, you can literally
suck a fart out of my asshole because I don't care. This is our show and we want to have
fun and do other things other than just talk hockey.
Sometimes I never want to talk about it at all.
And if you never want to listen to the show because we talk a little golf, I don't give
a flying fuck. There's always the few guys out there that think they can dictate how
a free podcast
that they listen to kind of goes.
Literally suck my cock with the cock ring on.
That's it.
Like, and all my gay buddies, like literally all of our cocks.
They're like, okay, sweet.
Can I come back to your ranch?
All right, with that, I think we're ready
to throw it over to Robbie Berg.
We caught up on the sandbaggers
Bob does how it all came to be I think it was about 30 35 minutes everyone enjoy this right now
Guys with here, and I want to talk to you about body armor as you can see I got the regular water right here body armor
Sports water I crushed it during the pod
But we want to talk about the flash IV you see G holding that. It is brought to you this entire episode by the Body Armor Flash IV. Body Armor Flash IV is packed with
electrolytes and provides faster and longer lasting hydration with no
artificial flavors, sweeteners, or dyes. Everyone was crushing this at Biz's 40th
birthday, Bonanza. Great tasting flavors like strawberry, kiwi, and tropical punch.
Body Armor Flash IV gives your body the rehydration
it needs to recover.
G, what did you do?
How many did you crush on that flight home?
Well, the unreal thing is they sell these things
at the airport.
So you wanna buy a Body Armor Flash IV,
you can usually get one at the airport.
It's incredible.
I flew the Red Eye after business party Saturday night.
I had to get home on Sunday,
crushed about two of these in the airport
and then I saved one for when I got home when I landed on the taxi ride
back to Hoboken.
So I love the cucumber lime.
I love fruit punch.
I also love the Flash IV sticks.
I throw it in my water every morning.
So yeah, you can't beat Flash IV.
Yeah.
If you need to feel good after a tough night, Body Armor Flash IV is where you need to be.
Get yours at a local 7-Eleven or on Amazon today.
Guys, we need to talk about DraftKings.
The great rewards hunt is on, so join the adventure with DraftKings Casino.
For fun seekers, follow the trail to huge jackpots, weekly bonuses, and exclusive games.
Plus, new players can get their losses back up to 1,000 in casino
credits on their first day. Just sign up with code CHICKLETS and start playing to get up to 1,000
in casino credits back with a minimum 5 net loss. That's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
1,000 in casino credits back. Just a 5 net loss you need for that.
Only on DraftKings Casino.
The crown is yours.
Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
21 and over, physically present in Connecticut, Michigan,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia only.
Void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only. What an absolute pleasure and honor it is to have this man on.
Robbie Berger, the man, the face, the legend of Bob Does Sports.
Unfortunately, our little bitch these days.
We had an incredible, incredible back to back days of golf matches, three on three scrambles.
And we took both of them home but we had to have the man on to talk about his life his story in his opinion on how we are the new kings of YouTube
golf Bobby what's going on buddy little Maya Culpa before you go Robbie it's
actually biz does sports now we've not changed after that complete ownership in
the sandbagger that's actually on our YouTube channel a lot of people don't
know that they're like where's number two?
But it was on our channel, so thanks for coming on the pod brother
Happy to be here boys big fan
But I will tell you when I saw you guys put that thumbnail up
I was like these fucking cocksuckers like the new kings of YouTube biz has the crown on
It's just like eat shit like fuck you guys what a nerdy thumbnail I
will say you you guys may have stolen back the crown though after fat Perez's
putt at the players so you guys recently had that what's it called the content
creators like PGA tour special yeah it's the creator classic it was I mean it was
absolutely it was insane but like I will
say from a YouTube perspective I was telling Perez like I've never outside of
the creator classic like going back to you guys I don't really give like you
know usually we film a match it's over with whatever I've never that one to
lose to you guys the way that we did it just that one stung because you guys
were talking so much shit it was so much fun but
I'd never had a loss eat me up the way that that one and when you watch the video you guys were so in our head
Oh my god, you made us look terrible mostly Joe mostly Joey
I never seen a guy down that bad his teammates hated him his opponents were torturing him poor guy
I was like jeez I almost feel well. I've rewatched ours before it was released or I watched it for the first time
I said I kind of feel bad. I want to text this guy
Well you guys pounce yeah
I mean like we just we really did one one but obviously that first day on ours was really tough
But you guys came and and you brought it, but you got in our heads and we were shook.
I think it started early when we showed up late, you guys had been at the course
sitting there for hours, just we were an hour late, I think.
Despicable.
It honestly fellas, um, I'd been a big fan for a long time.
It was, people always ask, like, if you could add a collab with one person, who would it be? I would always say you guys. And it lived up to the hype.
It was unbelievable.
No, we loved it. Absolutely love your guys' stuff. We're definitely going to get something
on the books for again. We've talked about like a three day trip to figure something
out, but I kind of want to get into more about you and Bob does, right? Like you guys have
turned into this monster and the story is so original and like how it came about.
Can you kind of take Chicklets listeners through like how you met cold cuts,
where you were at when you met him and where it's all gone from there?
Yeah. Did he find his range finder? No, it's how not ever got it.
I was going to give a mind for Christ's sake.
He took so many fucking L's that week.
Oh my God.
I know.
You know what?
He's a tough cookie though.
He takes it on the chin well and you know, you could ride him and he takes it.
But yeah, I mean, how, how we started was I met Joe working at the Four Seasons.
I was working at the front desk doing overnight shifts and my manager was complaining about
the music and the restaurant being too loud and at Beverly Hills
You were supposed to close down any and all beverage service at 11 o'clock
Joe would keep the four seasons run until like 2 a.m. So that was like the place to come but long story short
He comes out and and he asked me like do you think the music's too loud because my manager's complaining
I said no, I think it's great people are having a good time. We ended up hitting it off right away. So I was doing a lot of content with them. I was always
kind of like in the content game, but still working at the hotel. And then I ended up doing
it full time. Joe was still working at the Four Seasons. And during COVID, to make money, we had
this thing called like a Patreon where it was a weekly happy hour Where there was nothing else going on so we would have our fans who paid extra on the patreon like an ad to get an episode
extra episode a
Week and then they would come on to patreon one day. We're on the zoom call
we're doing the happy hour people get pretty lit up in it and
We're drinking having a good time and I get a message from Joe and he's like do you see this fat Perez guy?
a good time and I get a message from Joe and he's like do you see this Fat Perez guy and I look up because I could see like everybody on zoom on the box and I see it says Fat Perez and he's in his
cubicles so like clearly at work and this guy like I'm talking and I'm watching him he's mowing down
pizza and beer like just fucking crushing it so I called up to him during the happy hour
and he comes on and just, I mean, he was an absolute riot
and ended up meeting us at Pinehurst one day
and the rest was history.
So when you say you were doing content there,
do you mean like you were doing golf at that time?
And then why did you end up choosing golf?
And like, what exactly were you doing for content
at the time where you were not this big, probably
didn't even have a YouTube channel at the time, I assume?
Yeah, it's a good question.
We were doing this.
I was doing a show called the Berlin Lidlum Show.
So I was always doing content on the side while working at the Four Seasons.
But yeah, it wasn't golf at all.
And it started to really pick up steam.
So it was just like a lot of comedy bits like that I would do now, food stuff that I would
put on so it was starting to
pick up steam and it got strange because
As it started to grow I had a couple videos that went pretty viral like there would be some fans that would come to the four
Seasons and I was the guest services manager
So I had like 60 people under me and at the four seasons they want you to be you know, really proper
You know put together and they don't necessarily let that stuff fly
So it got really strange where people are coming up the people that work for me my employees
They would see the stuff that I was doing so it was hard to take me seriously if I had to write them up or whatnot
So yeah, it got really really interesting. I was like, all right
I'm gonna have to pick one or the other Dave hit me up right around that time as well.
So it all started to get pretty crazy.
I remember talking to Frankie when I first found out that you guys had known each
other growing up, I don't know, like through a cousin or something like that.
But I was like, how does this guy not work for Barstool?
Like he's just it seems like it'd be the perfect fit.
And I guess at one point it was a possibility, but at some point it kind of
fell through. And I guess leading to that, it would probably be now it's probably a better
decision almost for you, right? Where you own, you guys own everything.
Yeah. So my goal always was to work for Barstool.
Like that was my dream. I wanted to work for Barstool Sports.
Like I've been a big Barstool fan for the longest time.
Watched like Survivor, all that stuff.
I'm really tied into it.
But that was always my goal. I got to my office one day and I looked at my phone and it was a DM
from Dave saying, you know, what's it going to take for you to come work here or whatnot. So then
I was like freaking out. Around that same time, a company called Brobible was hitting me up and
they're kind of like had a chance to really be like a bar soul type of thing The thing was I had just moved out to LA. I didn't want to have to move back to New York City
I didn't really know anybody there at the time and the biggest thing was I knew I had something going with cold cuts
Like I did not want to leave cut see if it wasn't for cut see I probably would have gone and worked for bar
So don't share that a lot of people don't know too,
you pretty much found Jersey Jerry too.
I remember him on your shows back in the day
when his mom was yelling at him about the dogs
shitting everywhere and like having him on
was absolutely beautiful.
And then he got the job with Barstool, right?
Was he trying to get you to come over as well?
So yeah, it's interesting.
So I found Jersey Jerry was in my DMs and I went the first video I clicked on to him.
He he was calling into Will Kane and like crying about the Steelers and like growing
up in Jersey, like the fan, like those sports calls in are just like the best because you're
like, what are these people after?
Like, what are they doing?
Like calling in, they wait online all day, like for them them to get picked so I just fell in love with Jersey Jerry I
brought him in and he was crushing it and was still at Four Seasons but me and
Jerry were gonna go to Barstool and we ended up picky I knew I was gonna leave
I ended up going to Brobible the one to stay by Joe and then we ended up signing
with Kevin Connolly but we were deciding whether to go to barstool or
To Kevin Connolly at the time
So I was convincing Jerry to come with me to Connolly at the same time Dave was convincing Jerry
Wow come with him
So yeah, it was it was chaos
So I want to go back to that time so you and Joey then at a certain point start doing the YouTube golf content.
And then you guys were doing that Patreon thing.
Like obviously Fat Perez, when you see him, you have no idea that this guy is not only
a scratch golfer, but electric on the golf course in front of the camera.
And I would describe him as the modern day John Daly from his consumption rate.
I'm not going to talk about what substances, but I was very, very impressed that he not
only was alive the next day, but also played the way that he did.
So it's not only a diamond in the rough, but how did the timing of all that start of you
already being doing the golf stuff?
Yeah.
So even when I was with, even when I left the four seasons, went to bro Bible, we still
then, and we're doing like the happy hour,
still wasn't into the golf then, like that still didn't happen.
Yeah, so still wasn't even doing it then. Left Pro Bible, then I go over to Connolly.
And when I got to Connolly, it was a mess.
Like I got there and I was like, I can't be here. Like this is a disaster.
I mean, there was stuff that I would see there. I was like, I can't be here. Like this is a disaster. I mean, there was stuff that I would see there.
I was like, I can't be here.
Now, Jerry is working still in New York at the time, but then he's also doing the show with me.
I had to go into the office every day.
So what me and Connelly agreed to was nothing.
What he had me do.
He had me be like an assistant there when what we had agreed to I was gonna come do the show and leave
That wasn't the case. So I called Jerry and I said Jerry look I got a leave man
Like I can't stay here knowing that that might affect his job with action park when I left
then
Connelly had his assistant called Jerry and say that he's gone and then Dave comes back to jet for Jerry and I knew
I couldn't compete with Dave. I had no money.
Like everything was folding right in front of me.
I had no money.
Jerry, who to me was like the key ingredient, was now gone because I knew he was then going
to go to Barstool.
So that's then when I decided to start the YouTube.
Wow.
Yeah.
And I had known Perez from the happy hours.
So we were just in Pinehurst on a trip before we even really started doing a lot of the golf.
We just started it.
Go to Pinehurst with our buddy who took us
and we were at dinner and Perez shows up.
He just was in the area.
We said, come by.
So the guy says to him, it's an older guy.
He says to him, he goes, do you golf?
And he goes, yeah, I golf.
He goes, what's your handicap?
And Perez goes, I'm a scratch.
And you're looking at this guy being like, you're completely full of shit.
Oh, it doesn't make sense. Oh yeah. The guy's fork dropped. It dropped.
You're a scratch. He goes, I'll tell you what he goes, we have one spot. If you're a scratch, you show up the pine.
He's number two. Um, the next day you show up and we'll get you on.
He came out, lit it up. and then to me I was like,
we have to bring Perez on,
and that's what really kicked it off.
Wow, so from starting a YouTube channel
to finding out this electric factory is a scratch golfer.
And to those of you who are listening
who are not huge golf fans,
you guys have just under a million followers,
subscribers on YouTube,
like you're obviously huge
on all the other social platforms.
So to go from that moment to where you are now is just how many years?
Three years, four years?
Yeah, three years now.
And it was, it was picking up steam when it was me and Joe, we had a couple of videos
that were really cranking, but then we found Perez and then it just really helped take
it to another level.
Good for you.
I remember when we did our thing, our collab together,
I think you told me that story, or Cole Cuts did,
and he was like, yeah, he shot like 73 at number two,
like that next morning, and we were just like,
what the hell is going on?
How is this guy this good at golf?
He was fucking hammered from the time I saw him at dinner
to the time that we took it off,
till the time that he was gone and
just his step like we went into his car after he drove us home there's club championship
trophies in the back seat.
Just like like 24 packs of like Natty lot like it was a fucking mess.
He defies science.
It's crazy.
They'll study him in a lab one day.
I think that like every like it seems like big YouTube channels or podcasts have different moments
along the way.
When we got Crosby on for the first time, it was kind of a big thing for us.
What has been your things that have popped off or have really started, made it grow to
where it's at?
The big thing that really helped it, I don't know if you've seen the video, but I pranked
Joe telling him that we were going to take him to Torrey Pines.
Yeah.
So that was the video that like really took it off.
So that was before Perez Natch what started to where like, we started
getting views that we hadn't seen before.
What did you do for people who don't know?
What did you tell them and where'd you go?
So we told them we were going to Torrey Pines.
He's still working for Wolfgang Puck at the time
So his off days were big like he was working 13 14 hours the GM at Wolfgang Puck
So like he has this Joey Cole cuts persona then it has to show up to Wolfgang
So his off days were big so I told me we were going to Torrey Pines
We're driving there and I said to Jed our producer before I was like man like Joe falls asleep
Anywhere he goes like if he falls asleep in that car on the way and wakes up, it would be gold and sure as shit.
He fell asleep.
We woke up and we go to this place called links at Victoria.
It is a landfill.
It's terrible.
This place, there's a brick.
There was like he hit his ball on one and it was in it was right down the fairway.
It was on a brick. There was like a brick in the middle of the fair
He fucking lost it to finally like he knew we were filming but finally like Dave hole. He just chucked his club
He's like I'm leaving I'm not doing this like fuck you
Was there ever a time cuz Joey D back in the day used to dress how biz is dressed and for those of you listening
Biz has on a rainbow
Colored I picked this outfit over my birthday just to piss wit off Biz is dressed and for those of you listening, Biz has on a rainbow colored.
I picked this outfit out for my birthday
just to piss Wit off.
I don't wanna go.
I think that's gonna be smart.
I made it as much as you thought I would.
I actually got you an extra.
So I got two of these bad boys.
We could do the collab birthday party next year.
But was there ever a time that you had to tell him to,
cause he looked like he got hit by a Crayola truck half the time you guys went out to go play. Like, was there ever a time that you had to tell him to, because he looked like he got hit by a Crayola truck
half the time you guys went out to go play.
Was there ever a time you were like,
hey dude, you gotta cool it with these outfits?
No, because I thought it was so good for content.
I mean, there'd be places where we'd go,
I'd be like, what the fuck, what is he doing?
But it was so good for content.
But what a lot of people don't realize is like,
he was doing that stuff before we were filming.
We'd go film in the Muni, That's him. I'm you guys met
I'm like a lot of people don't realize
That he's exactly the person that you see so yeah
I mean he had been doing that stuff prior
But I remember even times like Keegan Bradley was the first guy who really found us like on tour that was watching our stuff
Had us come to a pro-am to walk with them and Joe showed up to
Riviera in a triple breasted suit because he was about to go to Wolfgang Pub so like full suit
following Keegan on the course and there's a great video but but yeah he was like the very
extravagant outfit just wild. Unreal. So recently you had a very funny video where you you talked
about you ran into Rory McElroy at a gas station
And you said thanks for which thanks for everything you do for YouTube golf like me
She like actually hates YouTube golf apparently
Well that's what I was gonna get to is then at the players this week. He's kind of asked and he's like, yeah
I don't really I don't know if he said I don't get it. I'm not into it
but from what you've seen and how big it is, like,
how much do you enjoy watching other people's channels and doing collabs with other YouTube golfers?
And like, where do you see it going from here?
Because there are people who argue, Keith said before, YouTube golf is bigger than live golf.
Yeah, I mean, it was even being at that Creator Classic, the buzz around that place, it is absolutely insane.
I watch everything.
I'm gonna say this, you guys drop a sandbagger, I'm probably the first one watching.
I can't get enough of it.
I love it.
I think the next step is doing exactly what the creator class is.
I think it's some type of competitive tournament that people want to see with these creators
because I think the thing that you get is
you get that everyday golf where you stand over the ball
and people want to watch somebody who's relatable to you
that you don't know where the hell.
I realize why I guess some people will watch us.
It's like I stand over the ball,
you don't know where the fuck it's going
and that's intriguing I guess.
Well, Portnoy's talked about getting a tournament together. I don't know where the fuck it's going. And that's intriguing, I guess, you know? Well, Portnoy's talked about getting a tournament together.
I don't know what's going on with that.
He said it's going to happen, but that would be electric.
And I think what you're saying is true.
Like, sometimes you get on and a guy who's good, he's horrible.
And then a guy who's bad plays lights out.
And then the everyday golf was like, that's me.
That's me.
I was unreal one day and then I sucked the next.
That's why I enjoy it. We saw Rory, me, that's me. I was unreal one day and then I sucked the next. That's why I enjoy it.
We saw Rory, me, Yans, and I think
Cole Cuts was there at the Grove.
And he seemed like the best guy.
I just thought his comments, maybe he's
like a bit out of touch with the fact
that YouTube golfers are way more relatable right now.
I feel like people got away from what golf really about.
Like, you don't need to fucking be buttoned up and proper every fucking course
You go to like like the way that we interacted on the golf course is the way that
99 of people and their friends are interacting on the golf course your shit talking you're fucking around and you're getting sauce the whole time
Yeah, I also too like if you listen to the comments
I don't think he necessarily like people really got up in arms about the comments, I don't think he necessarily, like people really got up in arms about it.
And like, I don't think he necessarily said anything bad,
but to me, it was just the perfect opportunity
just to say, you know, we appreciate what they do
for the game or something small to that degree.
But like, yeah, he didn't say anything bad,
but I would have just appreciated him just saying like,
we appreciate or something, you know?
Yeah. And especially after the incident with the kid, the college kid. Now, what do you
make of all that? Like the, I guess a college kid at the players, it was a practice round,
maybe on the Thursday round and he, he like, I guess he was heckling them and he goes up
and grabs his phone off them. So what did you make of all that? That was kind of an
ordeal and maybe people were hammering them for those comments because
it came after that.
Yeah, it was a tough look.
The phone thing, and I think he would probably tell you too that that was a mistake.
Like somebody who took a beat like Zach Johnson, did you see that video with him at Waste
management?
He's had like 10 of them.
Yeah, yeah.
It's just one after the end.
It's like when those come out, it's just a lose-lose
And it's easy for me to say because you know we're not in the ropes
But even being in the creator classic we were playing like one guy said the Perez were coming Perez is struggling out of the gate
One guy was like Perez you fat fuck wake the fuck up. You're too over like
Screaming so you're like holy shit these guys go at it
But when you react like that you're just just you're never going to win doing that.
You know what I mean? No.
Actually, speaking of the players, I saw that you I think you had
two hundred dollars pre-tournament on JJ spawn to win 15 grand.
Tell me you hedged out of that.
I didn't hedge it. Wow.
No. You know what I was told it was 150 to win 15 grand.
When they went to the playoff, I was hoping because Rory was like minus 160. So it was tough to hedge.
I thought maybe I'll just wait till like spawn hits a fairway and then maybe the line goes a
little more even and then I could hedge it. Never hedged it and I was measurable today.
Was there a buyout option when like they were on like 17 or 18 in the final round?
I was looking for once he dunked into the water, that was it. And then even prior,
once Rory was such a big favorite. And then once he won that first hole,
when he was up a stroke, it just wasn't there. So I got screwed.
Are there any plans to do more content creator tournaments at this point?
And also we got to talk about the big moment.
Were you on Perez's bag at the time where he hit that putt that mimic tiger's putt?
Game the read.
That went like, that was the only thing I think maybe Trent's hole where he kept
hitting the water was the most viral thing, but Perez's putt was probably just as
viral.
It was insane.
Like I was even saying Perez, I'd rather him be 15 over and have that moment then then maybe even win the thing and not like it was it was
Unbelievable, but yeah, I know what the creator classic date
They want to keep it rolling with the success that it had but I think what you're gonna start to find is Deeks creators
Are gonna say okay?
We want to go and we create a tournament like with you guys like with the way that our brands fit
like if we were now I see you know I saw Dave talking about it like our two
brands coming together and starting something where we would like that heck
like when you guys did the the Ryder Cup that was awesome it was amazing like
that type of style I think you're to start to see these creators come out and create their own tournaments as well as still participate.
I'm sure.
And we'll be the new lift tour. Just no overhead.
I know.
We're going to pay guys 250 sheets.
I think it would be unbelievable.
The only thing with that, cause like there's some of those YouTube golfers and you play with them, the Grant Horvats, the Brian brothers.
They're there. There's some like they're obviously the what the one Brian brothers are pro, but
it's like, you got to find a way, you got to find a way to make it competitive.
I thought what you guys did with them, where it was you and Joey as, you know,
playing as a, as a scramble verse them like that, that stuff's cool.
So like the ideas are endless and you know, people are going to watch it.
Like you could, you could do whatever you want. Yeah
I think you know Dave Dave really kind of nailed it too
Like if you have of course the creator classic are all guys that are like scratch
But if you did want to bring a lot of other people in you could that's the beauty of golf is you could
handicap it and I think still make it competitive to where
Something like that could definitely be in the works. And I think would really,
really work because people want to see the guys like Trent, you know,
and whatnot. And then you just handicap it and it would be amazing.
Now you guys do a, it's a golf video every week, right?
Yeah. So we do six videos a month. So two of the weeks you get to,
there's two videos.
So yeah, you guys are on the course doing a ton of stuff has it taken away like
Do you get many rounds that aren't content right it turns into a little bit of a job no matter even though you're playing golf
It's not you know you're not like laying brick or anything
But it's like have you still been able to enjoy golf on the side or is pretty much all your golf now
Filmed and then posted
Yeah, so the rounds we play like like I love doing it on camera,
like what we did with you guys, like obviously that's a blast, but I have come to appreciate,
like the rounds we get off camera where it's just us messing around,
I do love that. Like I've learned to really, really love it.
And I mean lately I used to really not care if I played good or bad, like I'm trying
to get better now. I can't figure this game out not care if I played good or bad like I'm trying to get better now
I can't figure this game out man. I just can't you had the round of your life in the first one against us
Yeah, and and your guys didn't really like you were unstoppable on you're making every part. I was like Jesus Christ
I thought this guy was a nine handicap
I'm also better when I show up Joey and just I don't even think about it
Fuck the rain look all the practice rounds.
You just, oh, I called him Joey.
Robbie, I don't even know any of your names.
You guys are calling us out day two.
You're like, what's Fat Perez's name?
I'm like, Fat.
Yeah, we said, I said to Breslin,
do you think this is any idea, like our names?
He's like, no.
He's like, no chance.
Like, he's got to.
Yeah, but the announcer at the players did the same thing.
He said, thanks a lot fat.
Oh yeah.
So I'm not the only one.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah. Hey, better than calling them Joey chest nuts, the whole fucking first day
with no, that was the second day.
I think.
Yeah, it was.
Which is even worse too.
Yeah. I think wits said it in the group chat.
What was the total amount
of pink Whitney's that got down?
I think you guys had 138 shots combined.
I wasn't even drinking.
I was just hitting the bone.
Five guys, 135 nips and not even 36 holes, because I think we closed you out on 15.
Correct.
But 33 holes.
It was like.
Did you guys come into it?
Did you know that we were going to get banged up going in?
Because you guys were out for blood and then we're like, all right, here we go.
Actually that's a good lead into...
Because you have have a days.
I hadn't had them.
The tequila flavored RTDs, awesome.
Not much carbonation.
What was the story on how those came about?
How's the sales going?
It's been awesome, man.
Yeah, it really is cool.
Going into like anytime, going into a liquor store, and you guys know what the success of like Pink Whitney and seeing your product there on shelves.
I met up with a guy in Jupiter who I knew and would play golf with all the time who had a company called Cheeto.
So he had put the idea in my mind, like know you guys could start your own drink So we had talked about it
Revisited it and then once we got it going I mean it was awesome so that to me is such a big part of our focus
Now and the videos and and whatnot and really boy. Yeah, you had the fucking cardboard cutouts on the on the course here at
Yes, how much did you pay that guy you paid that guy prize where to go?
I said you biz I was like biz there's levels to this. As if I knew. As if I wasn't shocked that that was there though.
I thought for sure you guys teed him up.
That guy was living in the neighborhood. They send every person in witness protection too to just like hide them from the mafia. Witt kind of already brought it up with us having Crosby on how it was such a pivotal
moment for us and you talked about a few of those videos that have gone viral. Like what's your most
like pinch me moment that you've had since the success of this over the last three years? Whether
it was another collaboration with a huge golfer? Did you guys get Scottie Scheffler on? No, we had
Bryson which was awesome. He's huge. Talk about a 180 that a guy's done as far as likeability
on the PGA.
Never seen anything like that.
Nuts.
Yeah, I would say one that probably hit me the hardest
was we filmed with Josh Allen, Sam Darnold, and Kyle Allen.
And that, to me, was nuts.
Because then we did the whole thing.
We went to dinner after.
And just being in the car with Josh, I didn't know that they wanted to get banged up as they did like they're playing this game buffalo where
You have a cocktail and if you put it in your right hand at any point
They call buffalo and you got to chug it. Oh my god
So he just signed for 300 million. It's insane. What a beauty
So he just signed for 300 million.
What a beauty.
It's insane. And what a beauty.
Had a blast.
And that to me, by the end of the after dinner, we got in the car and we were like, I can't believe, you know, that that day just happened.
But to be honest with you guys, too, if you ask the guys, they knew how big of a collab that was for me to play with you guys.
So to me, that was one of the best ones we've ever had and one
of the biggest pinch me moments. Cause again, I've been watching you guys for a long time.
The best part about it is like, it didn't feel like work at all. And after we got to
know you even more after the first one with you guys, like that's why we felt comfortable
showing up an hour late. We're like, Hey, these are our buddies, man. I could take a
shit in his golf cart and he'd laugh it off
You know like that that's the bond that you need and now why I'm ready to go on a seven-day trip to the Dominican and do
Like a fucking seven game series like the summit series for a wick came out of that minivan
I thought you guys would be like in a rush to get to the cards and get out there
I had like a bloody Mary in his hand and just stumbles out. I was like, this
guy's in no rush whatsoever to get to the D.
You guys are leaving to film with the Yankees. I'm like, Oh, boys, don't you worry. This
golf course, there's nobody else playing it today. We know that.
Well, at least we got you out of there early.
Oh, buddy. I guess last thing, is there anything, is there any, can you give us like maybe your
next real big guess coming up?
Or do you want to kind of keep that stuff a little secret? Yeah, we got a sake one is gonna be coming on
So he agreed to come on which is really really big. He loves golf to it after the Super Bowl
I think he said if I don't if I don't break 80 this year
I'm gonna lose my mind or something like that
So he's he's got the bug and that sucks to see because little does he know,
I mean, I've been golfing for now, it's like five years,
I'm not sniffing 80, you know what I mean?
He's also an elite athlete.
Correct, some of these guys.
Yance, you got game, but then too, you see,
wait, it's like the things I would do,
you don't even have to give me that skill,
but if you could just get me low 80s consistently,
I'd be in a great spot
I yeah, I I'm kind of built for sandbagger
I mean now scrambles now like I used to hate him, but I'm like, oh if I'm really bad one day
It doesn't really like matter now because these two guys can be so clutch. So yeah
I don't know. We got the foreplay guys calling us out and they're trying to play
1v1 which for me I thought we were gonna were going to do, well, we'll save that.
We'll save that.
We'll save that.
We're going to be talking about that after we get out of this interview a little bit.
But, uh, I don't really have much.
Yans, did you have any more questions?
Cause you've been the biggest fan of this guy since he started.
You watch every single video.
He's a secret for you guys.
No, the only thing I wanted to bring up and is, you know, just getting to know you,
I know you're a piece of shit,
but I heard a story about what Jett did for you
and when you were leaving Conley's.
It goes to show, and you see it with you,
if you follow you on Instagram,
you bring your parents into the fold.
You could tell you're a truly good family man,
but if you could tell us what that story was it'd be great who's jet
Cameraman that we were with for two days. Oh, yeah
Was he the one that already played the course? Oh, that's gonna kill him when he sees
Cold cuts yeah, he was the one
That's why you said who's jet. What a great place.
I'm going to say next time I see him too.
No, yes, I appreciate it, though, because he he deserves the credit.
When I was when I was leaving Connolly and I called Connolly
and I told them that I was going to have to leave, you know, and do it.
I was not going to go back to the four seasons like I had gotten a taste
of doing this full time.
I wasn't going to leave.
But when I told Connolly, I was going to leave. I had no money. All I had gotten a taste of doing this full-time. I wasn't gonna leave but when I told Connelly I was gonna leave
I had no money. All I had was that patreon. So Jet was my producer like a longtime producer
He had been with me from the start of it. I
Remember telling Jet I was doing another podcast at the time that ended up falling through like it it was getting bad
I was at the lowest of my low
Connelly's threatened to take me to court and all this stuff for, you know, no probable reason, anything like that.
I just, I ended up leaving and I was so worried.
I just lost Jersey Jerry because I knew he was going to Barstool.
So that was it and Jerry was my guy.
And again, what I thought really was the key ingredients of the Burly Dumb show.
And I remember telling Jet like, hey, I don't have any money to pay you.
But I promise you when this thing gets going,
I will absolutely make it worth your while and make it up to you.
And I think a lot of guys at that time would mail it in to a degree and he would show up at my house at 9 in the morning, be there all night.
Like just kicked it up another notch and just was doing everything he possibly can.
So when it did pop off, like I will be loyal to that guy forever and just have so much
appreciation because every day, I mean, I didn't, I didn't have money to pay him for a
long time and he stuck with me.
So I always knew when things were bad that if this thing ever did work and I really felt
like it was going to that I would do everything I could to repay him
There must have been days when you were just like eating your lunch the Jets like what the fuck am I gonna do man?
It was easy. I won't stop in turf and just eat nothing all we had was that
Every all the money coming in for those happy hours. That's all we had that that's the only income that I had
There was no way I
was going back to the Four Seasons. I'd say to him, I'm like, I'm going to die before
I go to the Four Seasons. He's like, I ain't doing it. But man, he's as loyal as they come
and I just owe so much to him.
It's a good opportunity to thank all of them behind the scenes. Even our guys, we have
such an amazing team. I know you were chirping us about filming Avatar, but there's a reason
our production's better than yours and it's all the guys behind the scenes, you know?
Hey, I will say they did an unbelievable job. But to you guys man, for real, I appreciate
the hell out of you guys. And I really do want to do that like Ryder Cup style where
we do like three days or when it was the most fun I've ever had filming, but appreciate
what you guys do. And obviously, as I said, just been a big fan for a long time.
Yeah, we'll get Dave and Riggs in the foreplay boys and Frankie's.
Is Frankie a scratch now or close?
Frankie's like nasty now.
Like I would say he's too handicapped.
Last time I played with him, he dusted me every video I see striping it.
So I don't know how Trent's as bad as he is considering he golfs all the time.
Like he's like worse than I am or maybe
just as bad and he's probably playing five times a week. So
is he just like one of those guys who will never get better?
Like what's he at now? You could ask me. Yeah, that's that's
yeah, you're talking to me. That's that is me. That's how
many times have you broken 80 never broke 80. Come on. He's
got a series breaking 80 with Graham
Yeah, no shit. Okay
It is surprising is to see his swing and see I mean you get some point
You just got to figure that out you will you will it'll come I hope so
It'll be the one you don't film correct. I just joined. I just joined the club here in Jupiter
So I think maybe that'll help a little bit, but I'm grinding boys.
I love it.
Well, Bob, to you, to Fat, and to Joey Chestnuts, we love you guys. Can't wait till the next
one. And can't thank you enough for coming on and sharing your story, man. It's awesome.
And congrats to sticking with it and all the success that you've had since.
You guys are the best and I'll see you for that Ryder Cup.
Thank you very much, Robbie. What a guy, what a channel they have.
Very happy for him and all the boys.
Fat and Joey for all their success.
Keith, we forgot to mention the end of the Sandbagger
on our channel, that cameo.
How did you even think to do that?
And explain what happened if anyone hasn't watched it yet.
Yeah, because it was kind of at the end of the video.
So people might not have seen it.
Oh, we can roll it.
Let's you roll it quick.
Yeah, we got a big time cameo.
Just going out to a couple of big time players.
I'm looking right at you, Paula and Ryan.
Wanted to congratulate you.
Keith tells me that you just won a big time tournament.
You beat Josephine, Nikki and Roberta
in an awesome two day tournament. And beat Josephine, Nikki, and Roberta in an awesome two-day
tournament and something like that deserves to be celebrated, deserves to be
recognized, and it deserves to be acknowledged and that's exactly what I'm
gonna do right here right now because I have never won any kind of tournament,
any kind of golf competition in my entire life. So quite frankly I couldn't
even begin to tell you what that must feel like all I can tell you is it must feel great
To be somewhat decent to good in golf because I'm still chasing that whether or not I ever find that high
I probably won't but you know what? That's what keeps me going
So here's to you guys is dialing it in early and often. I hope you guys well, I don't hope
I know you guys had a lot of birdies
I hope you celebrated with a bunch of bangarang Rufios, and I hope that you guys had a day because that is what it's all about
Here to you moving forward. Let's keep the momentum going
It's gonna be an awesome year for you
Hopefully we got some more wins to to celebrate in the near future and hopefully the golf games stay dialed in so from keep
And myself wishing you nothing but the best
Thanks for being the best to do it and hope you guys have yourselves a day. We'll see you on the other side
So I saw Joey he was on it
It was like Instagram live or something that day and he had a spitting chiclet's hat on and it was right after we had beat
them I think the day after we had beat them in the match and
We were chirping them the whole time saying they were done with YouTube golf.
They're going to be doing cameos for a living now.
And I saw him on the cameo and I was like, Oh man, I got to get them.
So I requested, I paid the extra money to get it expedited to get there was
like 30 extra bucks to get it like the next day range finder.
So I knew, I knew he couldn't like read it over carefully.
I knew he had to get it out there quick, but I put in the thing, Hey, uh, my
names, I forget what I said my name was, but I made up all women names for the
guys, like Roberto, Paula for Paul, Ryan, but spelled R A Y A N N E.
Um, so I was like, Hey, my, my buddy, Paul, uh, my two friends, Paula
and Ryan, uh, just played, uh, these, these two, uh, these three other ladies,
Josephine for Joey, Roberta for Bob and, uh, Nikki for Tina.
Cause cause fat, fat prez his name is Nick.
So I said, Nikki.
And I was like, they beat them in a two day event.
It was unbelievable.
I'm so proud of them.
We're just a couple old ladies playing golf.
So write that message and he sends it out.
He's like, Hey Paulina and Ryan,
I really just want to congratulate you guys
on your huge win on the last two days.
I know you really crushed the other girls,
like blah, blah, blah, all the,
all while wearing the spit and chocolate hat.
Just absolutely. The fact that he had an arm.
The women's names is icing on the cake, man.
That's like when we were asking what year
Chick-fil-A started and one of us had a hat on
that said established 2016.
Yeah.
So he's just congratulating us, it was so good.
Oh, what an ending to that video,
just to fucking rub salt in the wound.
We bullied those guys like we might get.
I read a couple of comments where people were like,
I like the ones where you're not bullying the opponents.
Like I, I know I know this is a free
sandbaggers aren't for you then, because like all I'm all I'm trying to do
is to get a lead to just crush somebody we're playing against filming people.
People have written me, is that what you're like on a real,
on the golf course?
I'm like, with my friends, yeah.
I mean, what are you talking about?
If you're playing two people you don't know
in like a legit match, you're not like carving them
and talking about their bodies and their eating habits.
You got three buddies, you're paired with a random guy
just fucking giving it to them.
Calling them pizza box ass like Yance.
Remember Billy Thomas biz?
Yeah, I played with Billy.
Yeah, so he came to visit me one summer in Boston
and he was there for like four days.
We ran hard that weekend.
I'm driving him to the airport on Monday.
He's like, man, I gotta say, I thought you said like,
Whit and Oakey and Foles and your brother,
I thought they were your friends. I'm like, what are you talking about?
They're my best friends. He's like,
not one person said one nice thing about anyone all weekend.
You just shit on each other for 48 straight hours. I'm like, yeah,
that's how you know, your friends with someone.
I was at a St. Patrick's day parade in situ it, they do an awesome job.
The town I grew up in long pray, brought the kids.
And there was a guy wearing a shirt said
Kiss me. I'm Irish or go fuck yourself cuz I'm from Boston. I was like
I've learned that the hard way being in a group chat with
With you and wit just shitting on anything I say every time they go can't even get any work done
Can't get a straight answer just burying me. So Saturday, Saturday, I took a G. Why don't you hop on here?
I went, BU played UMass Amherst in the hockey's quarterfinals.
Unreal game, like the pace, the energy.
Dude, UMass has this kid, O'Hara, I think.
I want to see his Nashville pick, Stud.
They have a Russian kid.
They have a really good team. BU one and overtime that kid Cole Iserman scored
So they're on to the semi finals where they're now playing Yukon main one
They're playing Northeastern who beat BC. It was awesome. I watched it when I got home BC loses
So they have two weeks off till the NCAA but gee Thursday our YouTube staying hot
You're dropping University of
Minnesota, Chicklet U.
What a fucking jacket.
Holy shit.
How about UConn?
It's sick.
UConn looks fucking sick this year.
UConn's very good. Well, UConn has that new rink. Mike Cavanaugh was the assistant at
BC Forever. He's the head coach. He's done a great job with them.
Yeah, it's an incredible program. We have to get up there for Chicklet U, but we do
have one dropping on Thursday. Got to go to
Minnesota Golden Gophers. Obviously a legendary program in college hockey. Two
first-round picks did the video with us. Sam Renzel, defenseman, Chicago Blackhawks.
He's like 6'7". He just made me look tiny in the video. And then Jimmy Snuggerud,
who I think a lot of people know, potential Holby Baker winner. He's with
the St. Louis Blues organization. So the video is awesome. We had a nice long chat with coach coach Motzko as well, which was awesome.
So hopefully we can release that in full eventually. But insane fan section, incredible
facilities. I actually ended up losing a bet to some of the guys. So the ending of the video is
pretty funny. But ski you mother goes for one of the best teams in the country. Who did they lose to in the Big Ten?
I believe that they lost to Ohio State.
So it's Michigan State against Ohio State in the Big Ten Championship game.
They do that on campus, so the Boston Garden will have the hockey semifinal Friday night
and then the final Saturday, but Michigan State gets to play at their home arena to
win the Big Ten. So Michigan State gets to play at their home arena to win the Big 10.
So Penn State's gonna move that. In right? Or I guess anybody in that conference?
But not if a team like Maine's in it, though.
Like if a team like Maine's in it.
No, Maine'll have a shitload of fans there.
But I just think Alfond on campus is just, it's a smaller arena.
Dude, look at the money.
You're getting 18,500.
I think 2,500 people sit in Alfond.
Yeah, the money is there, obviously.
But the Game Notes guys, Friday, they had the head coach of Penn State on.
They've been on a tear.
I think they're automatically already in, I think, into the NCAA tourney.
No, not necessarily.
Really?
So a lot of things can happen.
So college hockey is, I couldn't believe the pace of the UMass-BU game.
I was like, this is just a different sport than when I played college.
But it's on to the NHL.
How about G getting these bags from these college programs though?
Holy f- Every time he comes back, he's decked out in gear.
Are they probably paying your mortgage right now?
You guys are my favorite team, you always have, Ben.
Next week, he's in Michigan.
You guys always say this,
and every time I come home from these videos,
I'm like, fuck, I didn't even ask for anything for free.
I bought this all myself.
Bro, if you weren't with Alana,
you should be Jesus Shuttlesworth every trip.
Just sending them in one after the other.
You gotta have game.
He got game.
He had game.
He's got no game.
He's got YouTube fucking tricklets you game with Fishy.
That's like Jordan and Pippen dynamic duo right now in college hockey.
So the growth of the game is amazing.
It's not just happening at the NHL level.
So people love those videos.
And I mean, hey, you
got to start going to the at one point, once you run out, you're going to be going to the club hockey
programs, right? Yeah. Yeah. And we actually, we thought of this cool idea this past weekend is like,
every time I go to the school, we mic ourselves up, I go sit in the coach's office for an hour,
we record the whole conversation. So we might as well just start releasing those. We think we're
going to call it Chicklets University office hours. And it's basically
me sitting down with each coach. I have an hour interview. I have like 10 in the bank
right now. So I think we're going to start releasing those this summer.
That's when they should also present you with the gift so they can just keep one-upping
each other as far as the gifts. That's it. I think that's how you got to do it.
You mass did that the first video.
It's an invitation to Biz's birthday party the next year
You mass did that the first video though
They gave me these like custom spitting chiclet shoes and me and fish were like, alright
This is gonna be sick like every every team's dialing us in and where you got to wear the bull rat bathing suit next year
It's the pool party. Oh
with a bull rat bathing suit next year to the pool party. Oh.
Oh my God, my pubes are hanging out.
Gee, you should do one with Stonehill.
I was out the other night at the Elbow Room
and I ran into the Stonehill hockey team.
They were loving the, they love you guys obviously.
What's Stonehill, what level?
Dude, biz, it's a school.
It's in Eastern Massachusetts.
Kind of like, not the middle of nowhere,
but 45, 50 minutes from Boston.
And they're now D1 program.
They beat, I think they beat Merrimack twice.
They beat Lowell this year.
So they play out of, I think Bridgewater ice rink.
Yeah.
They were saying we need a new rink.
They need a rink.
They need a rink.
You know who went to Stonehill?
Dana Beers.
That's who went to Stonehill.
Oh shit, eh?
Did he play hoops there? Yeah. Ah, no. Okay. Dana Beers still, I mean went to school. Oh shit, eh? Did he play hoops there?
Yeah, uh, no.
Okay. Dana Beers still, I mean, the man was created by Ryan Malone. I think he knows it.
I love Dana Beers. So Biz, we got to get into you and get into the NHL a little bit.
You kind of set the hockey world, at least the Buffalo hockey world, on fire last week
with the report that Ross Mus Dahlien sat down
with Kevin Adams to ask, like, what is going on?
Like, what's our plan?
Next thing you know, you got him addressing the media.
You got Elliott Friedman talking about it.
So I don't know if you want to kind of go through the ramifications or what happened
after you broke that news.
No comment at this time. Did Darlene come to your birthday?
Darlene was invited.
He decided to not show up last minute and therefore I found out and decided to sabotage the Sabres
organization and also tamper a little bit as a Toronto Maple Leafs ambassador to draw him over to a winning team.
There's one thing that we are missing and it's a number one defenseman. I think we can all agree
that there's not enough of them in the league. There's probably 15 of them to the point where
actually got into a debate online about it because I was on Merrick's podcast addressing some of the
comments as well as mentioning how many teams don't have a number one defenseman. And I didn't mention, I said, Slavens not, Kane's fans who I haven't been exactly getting
along with online in the last couple of weeks because of the whole Rotten and the Blockle.
They quickly jumped down my neck and I said, listen, I said, hand up.
I said, for how he's played defensively and the minutes that he takes on and and it's really hard to take on an offensive role
When you're so concerned with shutting down top lines night in night out
I said hand up he's a number one D man based on how much he brings defensively then then
Chris pronger chimes in after I might as well have said Oh Chris Tana's kind of a true number one prongs can talk
He's a number one bonus. What was he? First ballot hall of fame.
Oh yeah. Yeah. He's the last defenseman to win the heart trophy. Yes.
I mean, I think that he can speak on this subject and he said, ah, ah, ah,
Keynes fans, if you're a number one guy on the power play, uh, if you're on
number one PP, number one PK, or at least a PKer, contributing
50, 60, 70 points a year and are also able to play against top lines and shut them down
and not look out of place, that signifies you as a number one defenseman.
And I would say that Dallin is that, right?
Like even as he's progressed, he's become more of a physical defenseman.
He's competent defensively.
He's penalty killing.
He's paying power play.
He is a true number one.
So I am sorry to the fans of Buffalo for stirring it up.
I am not going to comment on those comments.
I will keep them to myself.
I don't want to continue this, but if it continues, if it continues to go as such in Buffalo,
Mr. Dahlien,
you would be very welcomed in Toronto.
And if the league, as an ambassador of the Toronto Maple,
he wants to find me for tampering,
send the invoice to Brandon Shanahan or MLSC
or whoever over there can pay it,
because I ain't.
I am just speaking facts.
A, how long has Ross Dahlien been in the NHL?
He's never made playoffs.
I want to say this is 10 years, seventh year, eighth year.
And now all of a sudden they move away from Cousins,
who I think is a very good centerman,
and he's looking really good in Ottawa.
Don't know if that was a panic trade, what it was,
but all of a sudden would you not say,
based on what you're seeing this year,
that you're probably looking at another three
to four year rebuild there to get themself to relevance.
Like this team's not even close, right?
We can agree on that.
Did you see the game against the Detroit Red Wings
the other night?
I thought Patrick Kane looked like he was MVP season again.
He had five fucking points on him.
I think that if you put two and two together
with Elliot saying on his podcast, this is kind of my fault. I think I might you put two and two together with Elliot saying on his podcast,
this is kind of my fault. I think I might know what happened,
but we'll just leave it at no comment by you.
We'll leave it at no comment by you. Very funny though that all of a sudden Darlene's probably like,
where are these questions coming from?
Oh, it's the guy in Joseph and the Technicolor Raincoat on a podcast talking about you.
I don't know if Verasmus is going to be joining us anytime soon on the pod. I apologize to
him. All I'm saying, sir, is that I think that most people understand at a certain point
that you're just like, what more do you want me to do? How much more time do you want me
to spend here watching what's happening? And I don't, I'm not blaming Kevin Adams. I'm
not blaming anyone in particular,
but this is the National Hockey League.
I believe there was a poll that just came out
that they voted worst ownership in the NHL.
Did you guys see that?
Was that fake news on Twitter?
Was that something?
Was that at your birthday party?
Was that what the guy singing the song?
Maybe that was, yeah, I think that was.
That was Jackie Alien's poll.
Yeah, that was actually Twista spitting that on the decks.
But it's just, boys, it's not good there.
And I think that he deserves at a certain point to be able to move on.
And if Buffalo fans want to get pissed about that, I don't...
I think the rational, sane ones aren't.
I was just going to say, if you're a true fan, it's like, buddy, so G just said it's his seventh year.
If you're an honest to yourself fan,
a first overall pick superstar defense in the NHL
in like the eighth or ninth season of being legit,
the worst team every year, it's like, I get it.
He wants to like play some meaningful hockey games.
So I understand it.
And in terms of the number one defenseman thing, I think it's fair to say Jacob
Slavin is a great number one on the Hurricanes.
But I agree with Pronger.
I think of Doughty.
I think of Duncan Keith.
I think of Scott Niedemeyer.
I think of Pronger.
Like those are the guys because and I'm just
saying because Slavin doesn't get a ton of
points to run the power play.
So I get Pronger's point and I do get where you
were coming from.
But Kane's fans, I mean, you could have said anything and they were coming at you.
They hate your guts.
So Carolina hates you.
Buffalo hates you.
And once again, talking about the trades specifically takes nothing.
What do you say?
Yeah, just pointing to himself saying he hates me too.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
You weren't there for my birthday.
I know you hate me.
Twista hates you.
Yeah, you never played, you never paid Twista.
He hates you.
That wasn't my surprise.
It was for me and Jackie.
He's got, he's got landscapers.
We haven't got paid yet either.
We ate them.
Oh no, there's a few guys at my door right now.
Oh no, they're looking into my office window.
Where were we?
Oh, Kane's fans want to think that I hate their team
and I don't think they're good because of my criticism
about the way that the trades were handled.
That's not the case.
And there was a poll that just came out based on percentage.
Another poll? There was the percentage of teams getting to the second round that are currently listed
and I didn't see Carolina pop up.
I think Carolina has like a, I would put them at a 30 chance to reach the second round,
if not 50 chance at this point.
I don't think, yeah, I think, I think higher, like the devils, the way the devils are playing
that.
They weren't on the list that I saw,
but I don't know what their percentage is currently,
but I've said it before.
I think that they're gonna reach the conference finals again.
That's where they're gonna hit the roadblock
of maybe not having those few game breakers.
They're all, seven game streak,
why aren't you talking about this?
I think this is an unbelievable team.
I never said it wasn't an unbelievable team.
And they all worked their bags off,
and we see it year over year.
They out-shoot teams, they out-Corsium,
they out-possess them, but until they get
that timely goal-tending, until they get that superstar
who can also get inside and score that big goal
to help them win 3-2, as opposed to,
guys, they haven't won a fucking game
in the Eastern Conference Finals
in the last what,
15 fucking years?
I know, but yeah, they just get worked when they get there.
That's all we're saying here.
That's all we're saying.
So Eric Tulski, he gave an interview,
he was on The Athletic, I think,
talking about how he would do it again.
I guess the article said he slept eight minutes,
the night before the deadline, because he was trying to get everything done.
And he talks about, he talks about like, we were going to hold onto him.
If we didn't get a player like that, we wanted back, we would have held onto him.
He would have been a rental, but they ended up making the move where he loves
Stankov in the most and he ends up bringing him over and it's worked out
because the team is, they are on a heater.
They look phenomenal.
Unfortunately, Svetlakov got injured.
I think he's, I don't think it's long-term injury or anything.
So yeah, it's a great team.
They didn't do anything with the goal-tending,
but he's really happy.
Anderson's healthy again.
What is it, Kochakov, the other guy?
He's looked good.
So yeah, it's weird because the fans have a legitimate beef
about people always kind of dogging them.
I think they got less of a grip than Capitals fans, who everyone's just dismissing them.
I saw the Capitals lead the league in goals and are third in goals against.
So maybe I'm one of the fools.
Capitals fans can be angry.
Hurricanes fans, I think we always say how good you guys are.
It's just about, I don't know if you're good enough to win the Stanley Cup.
I don't think you're good enough. So that's not, is that an insult
that you're one of the top teams? You're just a little bit short of being a
champion? I don't know. These playoffs will show, but they're firing on all
cylinders.
One of the discrepancies too is he also admitted the fact that Ratanen, their
camp, said no initially, but he still went through with the trade. They asked
for the opportunity
to speak to Ratanen's camp.
Ratanen, his goalpost didn't change.
Once he got there and it was done and he was shocked,
he was like, I'm gonna go give this a fair shake.
Like I'm gonna come in.
I think they had him staying at the airport hotel.
He wasn't there much of his time there,
but I think he was sleeping at the airport hotel. They wasn't there much of his time there, but I think he was sleeping at the airport hotel.
They didn't have many home games.
It was just a shitty, shitty situation,
as Elliot talked about,
where there was never really an opportunity
for him to gel there.
I think the trade and what he got back,
given the situation, was awesome.
I never discredited that either.
Him getting out of that jam, fine,
but I still think in a certain situation,
he lost both trades and thought it was dumb to do it without knowing that he was
gonna do it so if he's happy overall going getting rid of natus and Drury for
for Stankhoven and too late first by all means still think that there could have
been something done with the first rounders to maybe put this team over the
edge to maybe where they can compete in the Eastern wild card. So Florida looks really good. I know
they got a lot of guys in the outer lineup and still end up fucking work in my leafs,
but there's a lot of teams barking right now at the top of these. So good luck to them
and hurricanes fans, very strong prospect pool. They have this Nikitian who's playing
on St. Petersburg who I think he's a number one
I think he's going to be like a legit stud defenseman
I don't even know if he could come over this year who knows what the rush of how crazy that can be
But exciting times for Hurricane fans, even though they lost Rodgers winners of seven in a row
They're humming along another team humming along and what a story you brought up Dylan cousins already
We're gonna see Brady Kachuk in the Stanley Cup Playoffs guys.
And god damn, if I just mushed him,
that would be something else,
but it seems like they're almost,
they might end up kicking Toronto to a wild card spot.
That's the difference in those two organizations right now.
You saw Brady going nuts with the crowd
on the microphone in the arena after the big win last week.
And then they've just been going along and along.
Stutzel, I think he had a 17 game point streak or 17 out of 18 games.
He's lighting it up.
Cousins has two and two and five games since he's come over.
It just see Jake Sanderson.
What a season he's had and Almark.
Oh, that was the question, right?
Like, Ottawa needs a goalie.
They get him. Then he gets injured. Oh, no, what's going to happen? Dude, he made the save of right? Like, Ottawa needs a goalie, they get him, then he gets injured, oh no, what's gonna happen?
Dude, he made the save of the year
against the Bruins this week.
I don't know if you saw that save on low-ride, Keith.
He dove across, I think it was 5-3 at the time.
I think so far the save of the season,
but Ottawa is feeling it right now.
The arena's alive, it's packed, people are excited.
I saw some article where the guys were like, you can feel the energy around town.
And it's just a cool thing because we needed new blood in the playoffs.
And if Ottawa gets in, when they get in,
it's going to be as exciting as a time as I can remember to see a Canadian team
back in the mix with and I've played playoff games there.
I've told the story many times.
I shot 17-0 in the first period of my first ever NHL playoff game.
And I was like, this building's insane. They went on to lose
in the cup final that year to Anaheim. So I don't know if you have anything to say
on Ottawa, any of you guys, but it's been fun to watch.
I think they're so good right now. Just watching the last few games, you think
Bruins fans are like, ah geez, I kind of wish we still had Omar. But I mean, I know
Swainman's younger and stuff, but besides Brady, I think
the guy that drives their bus for that team is Jake Sanderson.
That kid is an absolute stud.
He's going to win a Norris one day.
He's just on that trajectory of just keep climbing up the league, climbing, and like
everybody knows, defense is the hardest position in the game, hence why Biz got moved to forward.
But yeah, they're just such a fun team.
They look, they look like they're, you know, you see Brady, you know, upset when
his, when his buddy got traded at the deadline, but you can just tell he flipped
the switch that next day, welcomes in Dylan Cousins, he's looked comfortable.
I think he's living at one of the guy's houses.
So you can just tell that they're a team that's, you know, they're togetherness, they go out there and play hard
every single night led by Brady.
And it would be unbelievable if they get in.
And the way it's shaping up now,
it looks like we could see a Kachuk battle
in the first round, which would be amazing.
Biz, what would you rather see?
Leafs, Ottawa, Florida, Tampa,
or the Kachuk brothers playing each other?
Oh, I, God, I mean, no disrespect to Ottawa, but I think I would pick Ottawa for the Leaves
basically over Tampa, right? Like that would, like you just look at that proven goal tending
and just knowing playoff hockey where, but just to go back tire pumping Ottawa, like it's nice to see this young core
starting to figure it out.
And then all of a sudden they bring in cousins,
like how about a fucking flip of the switch for that guy?
Go into that situation,
walking into that locker room where it's like,
this is on a tee for you.
He can feel inspired.
I think it was Elliot who was talking about on his pod.
And we've mentioned it too,
like it felt like the fire wasn't necessarily burning
in his belly.
And this is a guy we've seen like as a good two-way
center man who has skill, like he's dropped mitts,
his mitts for teammates in the past.
I believe he broke his nose against Hathaway, wasn't it?
Where he saw him take advantage of him.
So it's in there.
And the fact that he gets to slide over
and Brady's already there kind of leading the way
in that regard and you mentioned Sanderson being young,
Batherson's young, like that's a nice young core
to get some playoff experience but if I'm the Leafs,
I would probably want to go against a non-experienced team.
But then, Allmarc's more proven than Stolar's and Wolar
and I almost don't envy the fact that you got two guys
in Toronto because if Stolarz plays bad game one,
then all of a sudden you got a goalie decision to make
where it's like, nah.
Like in Boston.
All-Mark, you know, he was a little bit,
I think he was injured at the start of the year, right?
He missed a little bit of time
and they weren't overriding him too much,
but now it's like, oh baby, he's found his found his rhythm he's the guy he knows he's the guy and
he's been there done that so I just think that that Tampa's a little bit
more of a wagon but hey listen Leafs have not been playing good not a good
showing from the big board. They're playing horrible. They can't score. But I understand but fucking every
team hits fucking roadblocks like this.
There was, like before this little bad streak,
like they'd won five in a row,
they had a really tough schedule,
they were on the road a ton, like listen,
get out the Kinks now, they still got what, 15 games left?
They're two points with, I believe, a game in hand.
They could still even win the division,
despite how bad things have been going. Florida's a little banged up. Tampa just went on an insane run too.
I'm sure they're going to come back down to earth. Listen, there's no easy matchups anymore
boys. There's not going to be. There's not.
And if you look quickly with Ottawa, before we move on from them, Kachuk with Stutsel
and Claude Giroux, Perron with Cousins and Drake Batherson,
Ridley Gregg who's a pain in the ass to play against,
Pinto who's awesome defensively,
and I think he has 16 goals now,
with Amadio on the right wing,
and then you got Gaudet in the middle,
Fabian Zetterlin on the, he's a cigarette machine.
Zetterlin is a cigarette machine.
He's fucking, you see him deadlifting 600 pounds?
Yeah, and Cousins, he's on the IR, but he'll be back. So that fourth line, like that is
a, that is a dangerous team. Like I, I think that they could, they could, I mean, G saying
here money puck.com. I don't even know what that is. That's who threw business party.
The senators have a 41 chance, 41.7 chance of advancing to the second round. On that website, the Leafs have a 35.6 chance.
Okay, so I thought it was the whole East,
but it was just that Atlantic division.
So that's why I didn't see Carolina.
I didn't see it do that good.
So my apologies, Keynes fans.
You're at 60.
Another team, guys, in the East,
and they're right there, is Montreal.
And it is crazy to see like
they had that run where like holy shit Montreal might get in and then I don't
know how many in a row they lost or they lost a decent amount of games
say in like a seven eight game stretch now they're right back as of right now I
believe that they're one point out of the wild card they play Ottawa Tuesday
night tonight and that's gonna be an incredible game.
The Bell Center is ripping, we saw how crazy
that atmosphere can get during the Four Nations,
and I think that if you look at that team,
I got in an argument with Pasha.
Pasha's trying to tell me, like,
I brought up Suzuki versus Heesheer.
He's like, it's not even close.
I'm like, I don't know, dude, this Nick Suzuki.
He's literally dead even.
Yeah, this guy.
He's had better teams.
His numbers are slightly better, but they're on pace
to be right in the same, I think he's got 50 games
left Suzuki, or less than Heesheer.
Very close on track for goals and assist.
They have two guys that have, since they got snubbed
from their teams in Team Canada and Cole Caulfield from Team USA
Like they're on fire Caulfield. I think has 33 goals Suzuki's over a point per game the winger on that side
Slavkovsky who has caught heat and we've talked about like a probably not a home run first overall pick
He's still a very solid player, right?
And then you're just seeing like I I don't know, some magic go on there.
And I don't know if they're gonna be able to get in,
but the coolest part for their fans is what's coming.
Like they have like unreal prospects.
We've talked about Demidov and like the Kaprizov
part two coming over.
Or I mean, he could be that good
based on what he's doing over there.
They have this kid at Michigan, Michael Haag,
who's had a phenomenal freshman season. They have, Reinbacher's out all year, right? He was a
very high pick defenseman. They have Logan Mayhew, who's lighting it up in Laval. I think
their Laval team's the number one team in the AHL. Kaden Gouli is out injured right
now. So it's not just like, oh, this random run with the Canadians. Like the Canadians
are setting up Kent Hughes and Jeff Gordon.
I think they've done some masterful work and possibly creating like a contender
way quicker than we thought. So bunch of cap space this summer.
Montreal's they're firing, they're humming, and it's cool to see.
Can all seven Canadian teams get in?
When was the last time all seven Canadian teams were in the playoffs?
G, look that up.
There's been a lot, like I think there was five last year.
Five, seven?
Yeah, Ottawa hasn't made it for a while.
Or no, I don't think Calgary made it last year.
So maybe four.
I don't know what year that all of them made the playoffs.
That's a great question.
That's a good question.
I would just-
I think the best one ever.
With Montreal too, like they're doing this all with, I mean, no offense to Sam Montembo, but he's,
you know, basically been a backup his whole career and he's gone there and,
you know, kind of figured out his game a little bit too. So doing it with a,
you know, non number one goalie and they,
I know they got Fowler coming up through the system too, but yeah, they,
they're, they are on pace to look like a good team for a,
what you're saying is the Viagra triangles rising. up through the system too, but yeah, they are on pace to look like a good team for a lot of years now.
What you're saying is the Viagra Triangle is rising.
It's getting blood flow.
Yeah.
Detroit needs to get going.
It's finally getting hard.
Detroit needs to get going here.
I don't think Detroit's going to make it.
And of course, and Columbus fans, I apologize for not bringing you up two weeks ago in my
like wild card discussion.
I apologized last week and I told you this would happen.
They've lost three in a row.
Columbus now is falling apart.
We can't have that happen.
So.
Guys, the last time all seven Canadian NHL teams
made the playoffs was in 1985, 1986.
During that season, the Calgary Flames, Edmonton Oilers,
Montreal Canadians, Quebec Nordiques, Toronto Maple Leafs
and Vancouver Canucks and Winnipeg Jets
all qualified for the postseason.
What a collab there by Witt asking and G finding that.
Wow.
Wow.
So since Quebec's left and the Thrashers moved to Winnipeg, it hasn't happened?
Nope.
I guess, yeah, because Edmonton was so bad for...
Yeah, I guess that's...
It has not happened since then.
Wow.
You look like a genius right now.
I don't know about that.
Take a lap.
Oh, hey, even New York, like you're talking about.
I was listening to 30, 32 thoughts like the tiebreaker, like the
a lot of these teams, man, they go to overtime and they squeak out the winds.
As far as regulation wins, New York's at 30, all those other teams
below them in the wildcard that
are a point behind Montreal, Columbus, Detroit, they're at like 24 and 23
regulation wins, so they got seven on them.
And that's the first tiebreaker, right?
Yeah, that's the first, first tiebreaker.
So right now, like even the Rangers for as ugly as it was at the start, Drury
didn't do anything in the off seasons.
People were calling for his name.
You still have bots on Twitter fucking every comment I make,
though he'll comment underneath,
want his head on a platter,
but some great in season moves to make them relevant
and hopefully sneak in.
Like we talked about these matchups,
like buddy, Shasturkin's a net,
like them and Washington, that's a coin flip.
Like I've, you know, that's a team that's got some dogs on it, man.
That's not going to be an easy one.
So right now, right now it looks like Florida would play.
Ottawa, the right Ottawa, the Kachuk Bowl.
So that really right now with these matchups, we can't miss because if Toronto
wins that top spot, you got the Florida series where we've seen the passing what didn't Bennett sucker
or cheap shot somebody there was a suspension what happened in that six
game series yeah he it was his first year when we traded for him he hit
someone from behind and got suspended from we should have won that series
that was the way you remember that series. It was insane.
Was that in six? It ended six?
I can't remember.
Cause if you, cause if you lost, I hope so. Cause if you lost at five and saying you should have won the series.
No, no, no. It was either, it was either six or seven. I think it was seven.
And I don't, and maybe it was six, but whatever. And, but Benny,
Benny took a, you know,
took a two game suspension and we needed him out there.
And I think that's what, you know, did it for us.
Last year too, wasn't it New York, Washington first round in New York
embarrassed them and swept them.
They swept them.
I'd love to see a rematch of that.
There would be no misses as far as first round matches in the East.
So I don't know if there's anything else you guys want to talk about.
Uh, I know you, I didn't know if there's anything else you guys wanna talk about.
I know I didn't really do a good job
of tire pumping Carolina as far as their individual players,
but they're on a heater, so congratulations to them.
There's a lot of teams maybe you wouldn't have suspected
going in with good momentum.
That's definitely one of them.
And Carolina's got an easy schedule coming up too.
So they could keep this heater going.
If we are gonna shift to the west right now,
Witt, Merle sent a very interesting text
to our group chat about St. Louis has kind of been a team
that not a lot of teams have talked about,
but their strength of schedule, the next six,
do you want to read it off?
They have eight home games and six on the road.
Only four of the 14 remaining are against teams
currently in a playoff spot.
The final game of the year is at home versus Utah. Like that could end up, that would be
electric. I don't remember the last time since Rangers, Philly, where the winner got into
the playoffs and then Philly went on to go to the cup final.
In a shootout, right? It went down to a shootout.
Yeah. And the Boos are, they're the top team in the league since the Four Nations. They're eight,
two and two. That's via Jeff Patterson on Twitter. So when Monty went over there,
they caught fire a little bit and then things slowed down and they had their struggle.
Biz talks about it. Teams kind of go back and forth and now they're going again.
And this is without Pareko. I think he's still out. Check that for me, G. But it looks like they're just like a team. I said, put it this way, I said to Murr,
I think that's the last team Winnipeg would want to play. Right? If you're talking Utah, Calgary,
St. Louis, and is there a fourth team in the mix there? Like, I think they'd be like,
I don't want to deal with so- Vancouver. Yeah, Vancouver. I don't want to deal with sociopath Bennington and the Blues.
And it's cool to see because they were written off, right?
Like I think I was a guy that's like,
ah, I don't know, going into the season,
I didn't think they had much and make a couple moves
and then they hold on to Shen at the deadline
and Doug Armstrong obviously believed like,
maybe we can end up getting in.
And right now with their schedule, the way it looks like they, they are in the
driver's seat.
A lot of similarities from when they want it, like bringing in the new coach, the
team gets hot.
Uh, that would be an unbelievable story.
And you, you knew Monte was going to go in and help the team out.
I didn't see it as much as what I'm seeing right now, but that just goes to show you how good of a coach he is.
And it should have showed you cause he was picked up, I think two days
after he got fired from the Bruins and the team had to move on.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, that's true.
It was already signed this summer.
Yeah.
So it's always good seeing a St.
Louis do well there.
And then with Bennington, like Biz said, if you see him in playoffs, he's, you
know, he's going to do something crazy game one. So Bennington, like Biz said, if you see him in playoffs, he's going
to do something crazy game one.
So he's an electric factory.
I mean, I'd almost at this point,
given how they're rolling in their health situation,
see them instead of Minnesota.
And I know they're going to get guys back, but fuck, man.
It's like watching paint dry sometimes.
That is a-
It happened quick.
It happened quick with those injuries, man.
And I don't even think they're close to getting those guys back. Kuprizov and Eric Sinek, right?
Yeah. Brodean as well. I don't know if he's back in the lineup.
And I get it. How are you going to survive without those guys in the lineup? But it's
been ugly. And it was such a magical season for so long. And then the injuries catch up with it's why like luck luck is so much a part of all this
no doubt when the playoffs starts you need some luck but even to get in like
you need guys to be healthy and Minnesota right now luckily for their
fans I think that there it would take a catastrophe for them to not get in but
with how good they were early I think they're safe enough but who knows where
they end up they're not overtaken think they're safe enough, but who knows where they end up.
They're not overtaken, like,
they're not getting back in the central top three.
The way Colorado has looked, that's done.
They beat Dallas last night, OT,
Nate got his gold stick, do you guys see that?
Landiscaug walked it out.
I don't know, but I saw Landiscaug
skating in practice today.
Looked, hoo.
He was flying.
Now, I think he would be the first to tell you like a game and the physicality is
so much different, but I was reading all the comments underneath and granted, it's Twitter
comments.
You know, abs fans are saying he hasn't looked like this in any video that they've seen when
he skated.
I don't think I've seen him with full gear on.
It always seemed like he was kind of holding back a little bit.
I mean, the video I saw, he's flying around, he's pivoting, tight turn.
So can you imagine, can you imagine if that guy shows up for game one of the first round against Dallas?
I had an Avalanche fan friend of mine text me.
It was 3-1 Colorado in the third period, he said, because I had mentioned before after the deadline, I'm like, I can't
believe you got to play Dallas round one, like you're in one. And then he said in the
third period, he's like, they look like a high school team against us. And sure as shit,
10 minutes later it's tied. But then what happens? Kale friggin' McCarr. That goal in
overtime. He puts it on the ice in between the posts. That was a great game. Like I'm
like, holy shit, if this is a first round, it is so unfair to one of those fan bases
and those players, somebody's going home.
Just give me seven.
Give me seven.
I think it's a guarantee.
What was the series last year, the year before,
we were like, just give me seven.
Oh, no, it's Toronto, Boston,
we just knew it was going seven last year.
Just give me seven, and you almost know,
I think that's the same thing.
That series is going seven games.
Dallas, how many points ahead of them?
Like are they guaranteed to start on home ice?
Dallas, oh no, God, they're only two points up,
but they do have two games in hand as of right now.
But that game, I was like, Jesus, this is two heavyweights,
and one of them's going home first round.
It's nuts.
Either way, if it's Vancouver or Utah just great stories
I mean the fact that Vancouver with all the drama and all the bullshit that's
Surrounded the team for them to squeak in I mean they had Dakota Joshua with testicular
It was a testicular cancer
Yeah
to start the year like they've had a lot of like shit sandwiches and then Utah imagine that fan base after they've showed up and
Welcome that team to get their first taste of playoff hockey in their first year.
That would be such a momentum gainer for them.
So, um, Calgary, like there's no, there's right now outside of Minnesota,
I think all of those would be an exciting story. Like if they don't,
if those guys aren't back healthy, like I think it's going to be quick work.
If they get that last spot against Winnipeg. You mentioned Vancouver, a man who's a part of that organization has been a part of
the NHL forever. We got to sit down with them because of Keith Yandle.
Dale Tallon. I think you guys are going to love this one.
The story, the way he tells stories, a hilarious person and been so successful in
the game forever. So we're going to throw it over to him right now.
Dale Tallon. and been so successful in the game forever. So we're gonna throw it over to him right now, Dale Town. Guys, it's Witt and we need to talk about the best time
of the year for college basketball. It's March, it's time for the NCAA tournament
and even if you're not a full year-round college basketball fan, everyone loves
college hoops in March. The best part of college basketball is here and we know
you're as excited as we are to watch some big upsets throughout the tournament.
While we're streaming in the cave at Barstool Chicago, you can get out to see the action in person with Game Time, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
Game Time makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime.
Plus, the Game Time picks features make it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want. You
can even find last-minute tickets for the tournament for up to 60 off quickly
and easily. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on GT Picks setting at
the top of the screen or browse the best local Game Time Pick deals near you on
your Game Time app homepage. As of right now, you can get tickets to Yale versus Texas AM
and UC San Diego versus Michigan in Denver.
Short money, easy to get, GT picks, game time,
that's what it's all about.
They've got you curated deals for all tiers of tickets
and you know you're getting the top option
when you see the super deal icon.
What are you waiting for? I'm going to buy those UC Michigan games. Ticket now with Game Time picks. Take the
guesswork out of buying tickets with Game Time. Download the Game Time app. Create an account and
use code CHICKLITS for 20 off your first purchase. Terms apply. Again, create an account and redeem
code CHICKLITS for 20 off. Download the Game Time app today. What time is it? Game Time!
Guys, it's Witt, and I need to talk to you
about RoSparks. Let's talk about RoSparks.
It's a 2-in-1 prescription treatment for stronger,
harder erections. Yes, you heard me right. If you want a big
old strong heart erection, you heard me right. If you want a big old strong hard
erection, you need Roe Sparks. Roe Sparks dissolve under your tongue, meaning they
hit your bloodstream faster than pills. You want to be hard quick? You want to be
rocked up quick? Yeah, Roe Sparks will do it for you. You can get ready for action
quicker and easier with Roe Sparks. Once the medication dissolves, they work in
about 15 minutes on average, giving you the boost you need for thicker, longer erections.
And the woman in your life or the men in your life, doesn't matter, they will
love you for it and helping you last longer for more fun for both of you.
I could probably use RoeSparks. Let's get some RoeSparks sent to the
wit dog. Plus, RoeSparks stay active in your system for up to 36 hours.
So for you guys out there who like to go round two, some people say,
don't worry, it'll only get better from here after the first round. You got 36
hours with roast sparks for a longer, harder erection. I really, really emphasize
the longer and the harder erections. That means you can be ready to go round
after round or even in the morning. And no need for an awkward in-person doctor visit where you say to your doctor, yeah my
horn doesn't work, but well all you need to do is go to ro.co and it
connects you with a medical provider 100 online. And if prescribed, your
treatment ships right to your door. If prescribed, new sexual health patients get
15 off Sparks on a recurring plan,
connect with a provider at roe.co, that's r-o-dot-c-o-slash-chicklets,
to find out if prescription Roe Sparks are right for you. That's r-o-dot-c-o-slash-chicklets
for 15 off your first order for longer, thicker, harder erections. Oh my god.
It's a pleasure now to be back at Keith Yandle's house, joined by a very special
guest. This guy's been involved one way or the other in the National Hockey League
for 55 years. My god. Former 50. I thought you were only 50. Mentally. Mentally.
Mentally he's 25. Not even 50, not even 50 yet.
The voice of that band, Dale Talon,
thank you so much for joining the show.
My pleasure, you guys are great.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
So.
Been waiting this long,
for a long time to get invited.
For an invite?
Yeah, well, we had to get you guys.
It had to be in person,
so we needed Yann's house.
Yeah, yeah.
So, so he signed you as well?
No, well.
He paid for this.
No, shit.
Indirectly, I was kind of an advisor, I got pushed aside, well. No, well, indirectly.
I was kind of an advisor.
I got pushed aside, but.
Oh, that's, was it Tom?
Yeah.
You got signed by T-Row?
Yeah.
We started with.
Oh, we got so much to get to.
As an offensive defenseman yourself, when you played, were you vowing for Keith?
Yeah.
Well, I wanted him when they first came, even when I first got the job,
but it took a while to convince.
The powers that be to sign him over to that big check.
So it's crazy, you're still living down here,
we're telling us you're an advisor with the Canucks,
but I think we kind of want to start
with your playing career.
I think a lot of people know you as a GM
of all these good teams,
but you were a hell of a player as well.
Like growing up, were you, were you into the game right from the get-go?
Like what was your path in hockey as a young kid?
Well, I grew up in Naranda, Ruon, Naranda.
It's now Twin Cities.
Um, we had to skate to school, right?
We played hockey, get, you know, that's how we did.
We played indoors once a week on Saturdays and you know, we got the Canadians games.
We only could get French TV up there.
Once in a while we get CFCL, the Timmons
station, if you suck your head out the window,
holding the rabbit ears, you know, you'd get a
Leaf game once in a while.
But.
Were you a Habs fan?
Well, I was a Blackhawk fan because I loved
the fact that they walked up the stairs.
Oh yeah.
You know, they had the great unis.
Turns out I got traded and went there
because of Dennis Hull and Jimmy Pappan
vouched for me when I played with Team Canada.
But, you know, I thought hockey was a way to get
an education, get a scholarship.
I had offers in Michigan and golf hockey at
different colleges.
And I figured, well, to get the heck out of
there, but you know, we were lived, we didn't
have anything.
My dad was a brick layer living up North and
started his company up there.
And my dad was a hockey player.
He played for Eddie Shore actually for a little bit.
He told Eddie Shore to go, you know what?
After he wanted him to tap dance on his desk,
he said, that's enough, I'm out of here.
Made him skate backwards in the,
you know, the basketball floor on the ice
and he had the oval in the back
and he made him skate backwards for four hours,
you know, holding the stick like this,
you know, like it was a tray.
And he'd make him sit and, you know, stuff like that. Then they had to sell
peanuts and popcorn and all that, the black aces, whatever. So he told me,
screw himself. And then that was the end of his career. And then he ended up, went to Val D'or
to play in the intermediate league up there with Mark Crawford's dad. I'm working with
Luke Crawford in Vancouver. His father, Lyle, played with my dad in this team in Val d'Or.
And then he went to Naranda, the mine,
he was player coach for a team there
and that's how he started working.
Is that a mostly French area?
Yeah, mostly French.
When I grew up there, it was a mining town,
so we had a lot of different, you know,
but Rouen was mostly French,
Naranda was more cosmopolitan, you know,
mine workers, Irish, Ukrainian, Italian.
Really?
Yeah, it was, we were like 20 miles from the border.
Kirkland Lake was our biggest rival.
Okay.
We used to go play Kirkland Lake a lot.
Would you say growing up there and maybe playing there
had more of your like offensive,
like it kind of directed you more to play that way?
Cause I feel like-
Yeah, yeah, because we played road hockey.
We never played indoors. We had one rink, youink, or actually we had two rinks, one in
Rowan, one in Miranda, but we weren't allowed to
play in there.
Saturday mornings for 45 minutes, that was it.
So we learned to play on the street and we had
school rinks, we had a rink in our backyard.
You know, the kids on the street, we played
hockey, road hockey.
So we didn't have any organized hockey till
Saturday morning, 45 minutes.
You had your, you know, you slept with your clothes
on under your equipment so you could sneak into public skating after the game. organized hockey till Saturday morning, 45 minutes. You had your, you know, you slept with your clothes on,
under your equipment so you could sneak into public
skating after hockey, you know, hide in the rink and
then go do that.
But there was no organizational hockey till you
were 13 or 14.
Really?
It was that long, huh?
Yeah.
Well, you know, we played randomly, let them go, you
know, just keep the puck and, you know, pass it when
you had to, but that's how we learned to play.
I think one of the cool things for, there's so much relation with golf and hockey and everyone who plays just keep the puck and, you know, pass it when you had to. But that's how we learned to play.
I think one of the cool things for there's so much relation with golf and hockey and everyone who plays golf in the hockey world knows about you.
Like you won the Canadian junior championship.
You had a chance.
I was reading, at least your mom wanted you to try to
become a professional golfer.
But was it always a big part of your life?
Did your dad do that as well?
Because you were a very accomplished golfer.
Uh, the random minds golf club was built by the mine for its
employees and it was a best nine hole course in probably in Canada but we only
had like two months you know yeah ten months a winter and two months of bad
skating you know the golf wasn't a place thing no one none of my compatriots or
generation played golf it was a you a well-to-do sport.
But my father met the head geologist for the mine
and he started a construction company.
He was doing work inside the mine
and he taught him how to play golf when he was 30.
And my mother tagged along and she was good at it.
And so when I was a kid, I started a caddy and worked there.
If I did well in school, I could caddy and play junior golf.
And he had sunlight till 10, 30, 11 o'clock.
So I started playing golf then.
And then when I was a teenager, I'd go to
Southern Ontario.
I had a friend who was a golf pro in London,
Ontario, a guy by the name of Mel Casey, who's
still alive today.
I'd live in the pro shop in Fanshawe Golf Club
in London, Ontario.
Slept in a cot with him and he made eggs for me
every morning and the night hitchhike around
Southern Ontario.
You know, I had no money, we had no money, but I'd sell the golf prize if I wanted one, you
know, a set of woods, I'd sell them to get the money to get the heck home.
We're a hitchhike across highway two, you know, and this was in, I left home when I,
I was six 62, 63, I was 13, 12, 13 years old and learned to play golf.
And just, did you get lessons? Did you teach yourself pretty much?
I was fortunate I met Al Balding,
who was a great Canadian player, George Knudsen,
all these guys that I was lucky enough to meet these people
and somehow they took a liking to me
and showed me all kinds of different things.
And both my parents were good golfers,
but those guys influenced me to do golf.
You were hitchhiking when you were 13?
Yeah, 12, 13, we used to go go, well take the Greyhound bus or,
in those days, you know, in 60.
What did being out on the road like that at such a young age teach you?
Like what did it like do you like?
Survival.
Yeah.
You learn how to be, you know, I'm an only child.
So my mother had two atopic pregnancies after me.
And so I was, you know, I would have been a big family as well.
She was her cousins and sisters and, you know, they had all kinds of kids.
They were Catholic, French and Irish Catholics.
And, but I was an only child.
So I was on my own and my dad's experience, his previous experience playing
hockey and being in Valley field, playing in Quebec junior league and all this
stuff and playing in Quebec senior League, all these things.
He saw that if I was going to make it, that I'd have to go and never get the hell out of the house.
Yeah.
My mother hated it, but he figured I got to get going and learn on my own. And I did.
Take the train to Toronto and then take a bus to London all by yourself.
Did you ever find yourself in like a crazy situation?
Oh yeah, a couple of times.
Let's hear it. all by yourself. You know, do you ever find yourself in like a crazy? Oh yeah. A couple of times
train station in Toronto. You know, my dad told me, you know, somebody comes after you, you know, you punch and run and this guy can, you know, it was after tried to grab me and I,
I punched him and ran. I didn't, I just ran, you know, survive. This is old school. Yeah,
that was 13 years old. I was a big boy. you know, I was, yeah, it wasn't cut.
I was a little chubby, you know, but we all we were.
You said your father was a bricklayer.
Was he very strict?
Really strict.
Yeah.
All right.
But he never laid a glove on me.
He gave you the look though that you knew.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He gave me the look.
Nothing more.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Did you end up like loving hockey more in terms of like trying to make a
profession out of hockey or golf?
Well, in 1970, when I got drafted, the top guy in golf made a hundred grand and
there were, you know, no one else, there were, nobody was making any money and
coming from Canada, there weren't that many guys.
And I figured if I could always play hockey and then play golf, but I
couldn't do the opposite.
Yep.
Right.
You play golf for 10 years and struggled or five, whatever,
and then go play hockey, it wouldn't have worked.
So I had the best of both worlds.
This worked out.
I mean, I sometimes wonder what would have happened
if I had gone full time, but those guys are too good.
You gotta dedicate 12 months.
Other than golfing, were you like training for hockey
in the summertime?
Because training.
He was taking the train.
We ran a couple of miles and did some pushups and shot a steel puck and roll, you know, I had to wait with a roller on my dad made me a roll.
Oh yeah.
All those things.
That's all we did.
You know, we shot the steel puck in the basement until you had to get the
foundation done, you know, stuff like that.
Walk the course.
Yeah.
Carry your bag and walk.
At what age?
Cause you were a pretty highly touted prospect and ended up living up to it where
you were drafted second overall.
But at what point were you like, oh, like I'm excelling at hockey where I could
maybe make a living off of this or.
I guess when I got drafted by Oshawa first overall in the universal midget
draft, you know, they had gone from the C-form you signed.
And then I went to Oshawa.
I got traded to the Toronto Marlies, believe it or not for five guys.
And that's when I figured, well, there must be something here.
It was there no Quebec Lee.
Like you didn't have to wait in the queue then you can go anywhere.
No, I was, we were affiliated with the Northern Ontario amateur hockey association.
It was, we went to the Ontario side.
Our rivalries were Kirkland Lake and Lulisker and Timmons and those places.
And was your English good? Like, well, I, I went to English schools.
My mother was half French. She came from Saskatchewan.
My dad was a hundred percent Irish and didn't speak much French and all my
cousins were French. So I had the best of both worlds,
but I went to school primarily in English and then the French was on the street
You get picked second overall and then boom that's September or whenever camp started. You're in the NHL
Like right you had 56 points your rookie year in 78 games. What do you remember about like intimidation?
I think what 72 games they screwed you online then Dale. We have to write a letter to hockey DB
But when you got to, were you very intimidated?
Artifacts, that's all there.
Well, I was 19, you know, it wasn't the 18 year old draft.
It was a, you know, you had to be your last year of eligibility.
I worked at the Orwell Walton camp, you know, and I, and I skated a lot in
the evenings with, with Bobby and shaky Walton, you know, so I, they helped me.
You know, they showed me, they showed me tricks and showed meton, you know, so they helped me, you know, they showed me tricks
and showed me stuff.
And living at Maple Leaf Gardens every day,
watching the Leafs practice and then go
skate after them.
And Jimmy Pappen, who just passed away recently,
got us, so he took me under his wing when I was
playing, he was playing for the Leafs and I was
making 10 bucks a week living in Toronto with
the Gold Ups.
You remember Glenn Goldup and Hank Goldup
who played in the NHLL met my dad in the Quebec
senior league, he had broken his ankle playing
with the Rangers and he was sent down for
conditioning and my dad was the 19 year old
defenseman playing there and they became friends.
When I got traded in the Marlies, I went and
lived with the Goldup family.
Wow.
They had eight kids.
I'm an only child living with a family of eight.
So Glenn Goldup was my roommate.
We lived in the same room together and he was a
couple of years younger than I was.
He was drafted by Montreal, I think, and then
he played in LA.
So, you know, I had experience from other
people showed me the way and helped me along
the way.
And then we went to Vancouver's training camp
at 19 years old and we had six weeks of camp.
11 games we played, five of them against LA
because they were out in Victoria and we
were in, we trained in Calgary at the new
noble inn, there was a fight in the parking
lot every night.
Between the players?
No, the people, it was the worst area in Calgary.
Oh hell.
And I roomed with Howie Young.
Howie Young was legendary in those days.
And I never saw him.
I roomed with a suitcase.
He never went into the room.
I was all by myself in the room.
It was unbelievable.
I go, who's my roommate?
Would be a Boozin or whatever?
He used to be, and then he quit,
he went the other way.
Okay.
Started smokin'.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy, oh, boy.
Always showed up for the game. It's always something.
Eh?
He drove his motorcycle down and when he played for, in Phoenix, he played in
Phoenix, he rode his motorcycle down into the locker room.
He was a wild man.
What do you remember about Pat Quinn?
Your rookie year.
I love that guy.
What was he?
He's just an animal.
Training camp, that first training camp, he beat the crap.
We, you know, got into it every night.
Every, you know, the practice, practices were all day long, you know, two days.
And he would just be in my face all the time.
And so after the team was made, we went to Vancouver and curtain back and Quinn
and Andre Boudreaux and all these guys took good care of me.
And they said, one night we went out for dinner and said, you know, Pat,
what was all this?
You're in my face every day. You know, he said, well, I figured if I was
in the picture, they figured I was doing something because you
know, they were looking at you with magnifying glass that I
was smart. He was great. He took me on a first Christmas his
house. He had a cousin named Big and Bad John Quinn who was a
wrestler. I love that guy. He took such good care of me. That was the greatest.
Now that you're advising there,
how much different is it from back then?
How much it's grown and what you remember of it?
It's still a tough place to play.
It is.
It's critical.
Was it like that media wise?
Media wise and fan wise, they get on your fast.
I thought my nickname was moose.
You know, those years, you know, they wanted
Jill Bear Perot, right?
And so, you know, like, come on, I didn't expect
to go second overall and ended up going to
Vancouver.
They all, they thought they were getting Perot.
And then I thought.
They lost the draft lottery, right?
It was like a wheel, right?
There was spinning wheel.
No.
Yeah.
And it was supposed to be Vancouver.
I was reading. Yeah. And it was supposed to be.
Yeah.
So Vancouver thought they'd won Gilbert Perot.
He was the consensus number one.
And I was somewhere in the top five, maybe
10, you know, there were Sittler and all kinds.
It was really good players.
Reggie Leach.
I saw, so punch him.
Lack saw I was on the 11 or the Roman numerals
or something.
So he said, no, that's not right.
So Buffalo ended up with Gilbert and I ended up going to Vancouver.
I thought Vancouver was going to take Leach because he was a Western boy.
And I was going to go to Boston.
Boston had the third pick.
So they took me and then Reggie Leach went to Boston.
When I went out to Vancouver, they were like, I hadn't even been there.
They're already disappointed.
They're already pissed off, right?
Okay.
It's nothing.
And so, uh, here we go.
And then I had a pretty good rookie year and, you know, it was up the ice all night long.
They didn't know where I should play.
My ideal spot was center ice.
I was a center man all my life.
By last year, junior in Toronto, we had three injuries to our top
defensemen with the Marl Bros.
Gus Bodner was our coach and he said, can you play defense?
I said, sure, I'll play defense, more ice time, right?
And I got as many points playing D as I did playing center.
So when I went to Vancouver, one scout said I should play center, another scout said I
should play left wing, another one said I should play defense.
So they didn't know where I could play.
So we played an exhibition game against Chicago and I got a goal and a couple
of assists playing D and then they decided, okay, I'm going to play D.
And then, and then I got, you know, I said, uh, uh,
point record for rookie at that year, 56 points.
I didn't have a point the first 10 games.
Really?
Yeah.
And then I, I lit it up, you know, 42 assists or something like that.
And the offensive defenseman was kind of just, you know, Bobby, Bobby set the tone. Everybody wanted to be like him, you know, 42 assists or something like that. And the offensive defenseman was kinda just.
Yeah, well, Bobby was Bobby set the tone.
Everybody wanted to be like him, you know.
I told our goalie, we had three goalies.
Charlie Hodge played for Montreal for years.
He played the only home games.
He didn't make road trips.
We had George Gardner who was,
should have been on the Tonight Show.
He was so funny.
And a goalie named Dunk Wilson, who I played junior with,
who was tough as nails, he would have loved him.
He liked to throw them, he could fight, he loved to fight.
He was a better fighter than he was a goalie.
Dunk and I were good friends, and he got me beat up
by Schulte because of him.
So it's three years in van, I guess the team wasn't
very good, and then were you traded to Chicago?
Like the WHA came into existence and they couldn't the Canucks expansion
teams, they had a rule expansion teams couldn't trade their first pick for
three years because of what happened in Montreal, Sam Pollock at the end would
trade a veteran guys to LA and Oakland to get their first pick.
And that's how they ended up getting Lafleur and shot.
So they put a rule in because he was smarter than everyone else.
And he couldn't trade an expansion.
He couldn't change their trade, their first pick for three years.
So I was stuck there, you know, and things were terrible.
They were playing me at center and one coach that was there that I won't
mention his name, but I don't know what they're called.
He had me playing left wing, right wing, center. He didn't tell, you know, the games,
I'd be sitting on the bench, you been out there yet?
And I go, no, I haven't.
And he says, well, go play center or something like that.
And so I was fed up.
So I'm going to WHA.
So after the last game in LA, team went home.
I stayed behind to negotiate with the Los Angeles Sharks.
They were going to call it be called at the time.
They're going to play in the sports arena.
And, uh, the guy that was in Rocky, the announcer, uh, one of the sports guys,
Stu Nahan, he was at the dinner.
And so we, I shook hands on a deal.
I agreed on a deal.
More money.
A lot more money.
Wow.
Right. And I said, actually actually I'll tell you the number,
it was 300 to sign, 300 to play in 1972, right?
Holy fuck.
That was a ton of money, right?
So, Eagleson was my agent at the time,
so I said to the guy, call Eagleson and get the deal done.
The coach was Terry Slater, I think was his name.
I called Eagleson, I said,
I just agreed with the Los Angeles Sharks,
I'm gonna go to LA, I'm gonna get a place
in Manhattan Beach, you know, I'm 22 years old.
Oh, I care.
I'm gonna live it up.
I'm gonna have some golf.
I'm gonna have some golfing, right?
Yeah.
And they called him and they said,
yeah, we agreed, 150 to sign, 150 to play.
So he called me, he says, is that what you agreed to?
I said, no.
He said, 300 to sign 300 employees.
I said, tell them to screw off.
That's not, I'm not going to deal with those guys
if that's the way they are.
So then I got traded.
I said, well, I'm not going back to Vancouver.
I got traded to Chicago for Gary Smith and Jerry Corhab.
It's 600 grand, 300 and 373 is 4.2 million.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
That would have been a huge deal.
Like when they redid the CBA,
the max you could get for a signing bonus was 250.
Right.
So like that was like 30, 40 years later, whatever it was.
So that's crazy.
Cause in 1970, you could buy a new Cadillac for five grand.
I bought a Porsche for a 911 S Targa for nine,
from Mike Murphy's dad.
There's something else, man. I tell you, this is unbelievable.
Did you love Chicago right when you got there? Like the love it. Yeah, of course I did.
I absolutely, I went when Papan got Jimmy Papan got traded to blackhawks, my rookie year, they were in the finals.
I flew into Chicago and stayed at a Ray Floyd's apartment.
Ray Floyd lived in on Cedar street, Cedar and Rush.
And I went to see Jimmy.
I saw the first two games and he scored the winning
goal on both overtime games.
And so he was, I was hanging on to his coat tails, man.
I was 20 years old on Rush street in Chicago in those days.
Oh my God.
Wasn't Derek Sanderson like the highest paid athlete
when he signed in the WHL?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like for what, was it a million bucks?
A million bucks or a million five, something like that.
Something crazy.
So they were giving it out.
I think you had your best statistical year
when you were in Chicago.
So you enjoyed your time there, things were right?
Yeah, things were good.
Then I got hurt, I got hurt.
Oh really?
I broke my wrist.
I broke that little bone, the carpal navicular
is called the snuff box.
Bad news breaking that.
It's the slowest healing bone in your body.
And, um, boxer injury, I broke it on a Saturday
night in Philadelphia.
I got cross-checked from behind by Ed van
imp and I went crashing into the boards and I
broke this little bone.
Go back to Chicago Sunday morning morning go to the doctor,
because we didn't charter then, you know, took commercial.
Went to the hospital, the guy says hold this broom and I put this fiber,
they had just come out with those new fiberglass casts.
So I put the fiberglass cast, I used to hold the broom like a hockey stick,
you're good to go.
Supposed to isolate that bone for six weeks, nope, all right.
So I started playing three weeks later and changed the cast and never healed.
And then I had a surgery to repair it the following summer
and it didn't, they took a bone from my hip,
put it in, it didn't catch.
So I played that whole year one hand
and that was the beginning.
It's wild to think of guys that played when you did
and Bobby and like the technology now with injuries,
like you must have known so many different players
who nowadays if you had these injuries.
Yeah, right.
That's crazy.
Well, Bobby, I see Bobby quite a bit.
He's had four surgeries in the last four years.
He's finally pain free.
In the last four years, this is the best he's felt.
They just butchered his leg.
It was sad to see.
He came to Chicago and I felt so bad for him.
His leg was a mess, and he tried to play on one leg,
and it was so sad to see.
Because he was the best player I've ever seen play,
by a mile, by a mile.
One of the best guys, too.
Yeah, he is the best guy.
Oh my God.
You know, my daughter had an issue.
He's unbelievable.
So generous with his time.
Is it kind of like watching what McDavid does out there?
Yeah, same kind of deal.
Just that sheer dominance night in, night out.
He just was.
I tell you, we had lunch,
we had a five on three power play in Vancouver
against Boston, okay?
He was getting dizzy, going around his own net.
He had the puck for 45 seconds.
We couldn't touch it.
Like if we were two men up, he went around and finally he just shot the puck
and it went off, he had enough.
He was, you know, he didn't want to embarrass you.
You know, I think he had a goal and four assists in a game in Vancouver.
When I was 30 minutes to go, he just benched himself.
Didn't want to, you know, I think he could have got at least 100 more points.
If he really wanted to.
Yeah.
I mean, he was brilliant.
Did you ever get a chance to spend a lot of time with him
like while you guys were playing?
Like you said, I think you finished.
Well, he came to Chicago.
Right, yeah.
And you know, we, yeah, as much,
you know, in his hockey school,
we were at the, I was up the Oral Walton camp in Orillia. We were always there, you know, in his hockey school, we were at the, I was up the Oral Alton camp
in Orillia.
We were, we were always there, you know, he played a lot of tennis.
They'd laugh at me.
I was, had my golf bag and I'd be walking down to Rammer Road to get the bus to go to
Toronto to play the junior golf tournament.
He and Shakey Walton would be playing tennis and they'd be laughing at me, you know, going
over there.
I said, someday you'll figure this out when you can't play tennis, you'll be able to play golf.
And now, you know, he plays golf.
What was Stan Makita like?
Like being in the room?
Brilliant, brilliant guy.
Yeah, innovative, creative, just a wonderful guy.
Great teammate too.
Yeah, unbelievable, unbelievable.
Did enough, he couldn't do enough for you.
He was brilliant.
He carved your, he cut you here, cut you here.
Like he was a master.
He went from 200 minutes in penalties to Lady Bing in one year.
He made a promise to his wife and kids and switched completely.
Come on.
And got to Lady Bing.
Wow.
Yeah.
He went to, he won the Lady Bing.
He was such a savage before that.
Oh, he, he cut you wide open.
He was the best stick man.
You, he had that hook stick, you know, and he, he was brilliant. Oh, the fact that that was a thing back then. One of the best stick man. He had that hook stick. You know, he was brilliant.
One of the best athletes,
one of the best players I've ever seen.
22 years for the Blackhawks.
Same weight.
So how many guys? 162 pounds.
How many guys were playing like that?
Like just because like what?
Cause he was a smaller guy.
So he figured if I'm cutting these guys up,
they'll stay away from me.
He was just mean.
He was mean.
He could not only a brilliant player,
but he was tough as nails for his size.
He was a great player.
Would players get so fed up because he was doing that,
they'd like try and jump him and fight him and shit?
No, you know, he was protected.
He was tough.
He didn't need anybody's help, you know?
He was just a great player too, you know?
It's so many points.
He'd do what he had to do.
He was just a great player. When You know, it's just great player.
When did the stick work and all that stuff kind of like wean out of the game?
Cause I mean, obviously now there's none of you.
Yeah, I guess I don't know.
It's interesting to know when it's changed.
It's changed dramatically obviously in the last decade, but you know, it was
the, there was more respect, you know, the sticks were on the ice a lot and
there were, and nobody was wearing helmets.
Hardly anybody was, and no one was wearing cages in college, you know, the sticks were on the ice a lot and nobody was wearing helmets. Hardly anybody was, and no one was wearing cages
in college, you know, and now guys are coming up,
their sticks are up and high and protecting themselves.
And there's, but I watched some old, old time games,
you know, no advertising on the boards and guys
had straight sticks and the sticks were on the ice
at all times.
They body checked.
They didn't hit.
It was a body check.
There was an art to it, rubbing guys out and there wasn't any hitting from behind. Of course,
now you've got a hundred foot charge. You know, you can't,
this used to be charging penalties. How many charging penalties have they been
called? No, they don't really call charging. There's no more charge.
Run after you.
You go right from the red line, dump, you know,
dump and chase and go get it from a hundred yards out.
Do you enjoy watching the game now? Like it's changed so much.
It's different.
It's different.
That's all.
Yeah.
I like going to the games, you know, I like watching the games.
And everybody's so fast and strong and I just like, there's no,
doesn't seem to be a lot of structure.
It's just different now.
You know, you never saw, if you went behind the net as a defenseman, right.
Two guys behind the net, you'd get, you would be benched.
You'd be cast eyes. Now we get two guys in the corner and you look at a power play, there'll be Two guys behind the net, you'd get, you would be benched, you'd be castized.
Now we've got two guys in the corner and
you look at a power play, there'll be
nine guys in the corner or behind the
net and no one in front.
Like, you know, there was a left winger,
a right winger, the centerman.
Now there's F1, F2, F3.
Yup.
You know what I mean?
It's not, it's just different.
That's all it's different coaching.
It's all, you know, compressed in pressure, pressure, pressure,
pressure, pressure, pressure.
Yeah.
Pressure.
That's true.
Yeah.
I guess it must've been.
I want to explain to me what expected goals for, I want to know what that is.
We've talked about this.
If it was true, every game would be nothing, nothing.
Cause it'd be Karnak would coach, right?
You'd say, Oh, I expect him to score.
All that shit drives you nuts.
Well, some of it does.
I'm all for doing different things, but some of that stuff is just, it's a,
it's a cottage industry that, you know, a bunch of guys have gotten involved in.
Our buddy Pasha is all about it.
He always talks about looking under the hood.
Like my issue with it is with our buddy Pasha, who's a part of the pod, the
way he talks about it, you don't even need to watch a game.
Like, and he'll tell you who played great.
It's like, well, okay, his expected goals was highest,
but like, I watched the game.
He didn't do anything.
It's just funny how you could be
some of the analytical people,
they're just, they literally think
they can just look at numbers after
and tell you what players you need, what players you don't.
Or how much one of the players in that line
elevated that other guy's number.
Yeah.
Like if I'm playing with McKinnon,
like I'm gonna have good expected goals for him.
You ain't playing.
I did without even having them on my line.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So when you retired, you got into broadcasting.
Yeah.
And did it for a long time before you became,
yeah, like, did you ever consider?
Well, I had broken my leg really badly
and it wasn't set right.
It happened to me in Vancouver as well.
So I tried to play and I couldn't, my leg was a mess.
It was 10 degrees off and it was set
and I slid into the goal post in Vancouver,
the old post, it snapped off and it wasn't set.
You should surgically repair it and they manually did it and it never was the same. So I tried to play and my contract was set. It was, you should surgically repair it. And they manually did it.
And it was never, it never was the same.
So I tried to play and my contract was up, it was 1980.
And a friend of mine, they had the rights to the Leafs games.
And Mike Nickluck was hired to coach the Leafs,
the second half of the year.
And my friend, Paul Williams asked me if I would,
you know, help out on the radio broadcast of the Leafs games.
I said, okay, what the hell?
I'm not doing anything, right?
Easy money. So I started doing Leaf games on radio the Leaf games. Okay. What the hell? I'm not doing anything, right? Easy money.
So I started doing Leaf games on radio, 40 games on radio.
And they gave me a tape recorder.
So you got to get three interviews per game.
I go, Oh, you know, I don't even work the tape machine.
That was brutal at it.
Cause you know, they answered every hockey, every guy you interview in hockey,
you know, you, they never say anything.
Most of the guys, except you guys have been, you know, guys that have
get the fuck in deep.
But you knew the answer to every question.
And you're like, oh, so I hated it doing it, but they asked me back the next
year because I still hadn't settled whether I was going to play or not.
And so I did 80 games and I hated it too.
Now I'm going to go play golf the heck with this. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to meet or not. And so I did 80 games and I hated it. Now I'm going to go play golf.
The heck with this.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to meet Sandy Harper and Jim Routledge,
two of my buddies I played on the Canadian tour with for three summers.
So I'm going to meet them and I'm going to go play the Asian tour.
And I'm going to give golf five years of my life and see if I could make it.
I'm going to go play the Asian tour.
You're only what?
29?
Yeah.
Yeah.
29, turning 30.
Right.
So I'm going from Toronto to Chicago, Chicago to Honolulu to meet Sandy and
Rutz and then we're going to Asia.
So I'm all excited and I got golf gear and that's all I got jeans and golf shirts.
So I got fogged in in Chicago.
Can't get a hotel room.
It's training camp.
It's September.
The Bismarck hotel in Chicago is owned by the Wurtz family.
The team was staying at that dump.
And so I got a room there.
So as I'm walking in, Bob Pulford's there.
How you doing?
And so I told him the story.
He said, well, listen, he said, you should stick around.
They started this new sports vision thing and they're looking
for an ex Blackhawk to do the color on the TV, this cable thing.
He said, they play in Minnesota tomorrow night.
Why don't you stick around and do the game?
Okay.
What the heck?
So I went and I bought a sport coat, got on the plane, went to Minneapolis, did the
game, came back to the hotel the next day and, and, uh, said, uh, call this guy, Jack
Jacobson, he wants to talk to you from WGN.
He was at the one time.
He used to be, so Jack says, what do you want?
He said, you're hired.
I don't know, 500 bucks a game?
I didn't care, right?
I stayed in Chicago.
I never went and sold Sandy and Jim.
I said, go ahead, I'll maybe catch up with you
in the spring.
So that's how I ended up doing color in TV in Chicago.
Your last couple years when you were in Pittsburgh,
were you giving any thought to your post career?
No, no.
Or your mind wasn't even there?
No, I was just wanting to be healthy and play.
I wanted to keep playing.
I was playing defense now, I was a defenseman, okay?
And I was just learning how to play defense now. I was a defenseman, okay, and I was just learning how to play defense
because I never knew how to play defense.
I was up the ice all night.
And so I was just figuring,
I was figuring out my way through,
and you know, I'm playing hockey.
And then I broke my leg and that was the end.
And like I said, oh, I'd start, so let's go to golf.
Would you have coaches getting on you about being like,
well, fuck, are you going?
Get the back.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Cause back then it was.
Well, Bob Pulford, he just hated the way I played.
Cause he wanted everybody to,
cause he had, when he coached in LA,
they played, you know, really, really systematic things.
You know, just, you did this, you did this, you did,
you know, your job.
Right.
He didn't like the way that I carried, you know,
like I was gone, you know, I remember a game against Atlanta.
I'm carrying the puck in front of our bench in the stadium.
I'm playing right D, left hand shot.
I'm in front of our bench going up the ice.
It's one-one game and he's yelling, dump it in, dump it in.
Right.
And so I get to the red line here, dump that thing and dump it in.
I get to the blue line.
He's still yelling at me.
And I think I forget who the defensive was.
I go around him and I top shelf one. You know, I forget who the defensive was. I go around and I top shelf one,
you know, I think Dan Bouchard was the goalie and I scored when we end up
winning two one. I come to the bench, don't ever do that again.
I said, well, you don't like winning. And the next, next thing you know,
I was in Pittsburgh
from going into
dumping it. From going end to end. I'm not dumping this in.
Here's your plane ticket.
We have news.
Dail town betrayed to the penguins.
Go meet your buddies in Hawaii.
I go to Pittsburgh.
Oh, fuck.
At what point in those 15 years of broadcasting,
or if ever, did you think like,
oh, I'd like to be a GM?
Never.
No way.
Never.
No way. Never. And way. Yeah. Never.
And you built this amazing team.
I watched and I watched and I watched and I go,
this is, I just got tired of lying.
And the team was so bad and you know,
they had my big system.
There was nobody in the building and I go,
oh, this is torture.
So one night after Mario was in town,
I got to know Mario through his golf tournament at Nevillewood.
Pittsburgh 1-1 nothing was an awful game. So after the game in the United Center, there was a ramp where the bus is there.
Mario asked me to take Natalie, who was in town for a paddle tournament with her friends from Pittsburgh.
So he said, would you mind taking Natalie and her friends to the hotel? I said, no problem, it's on the way home. As we were about to leave, Bill Wirtz and Peter Wirtz were standing on the wall
by the other side of the bus.
And he said, come on over.
He said, what do you think is going on?
I said, well, you want me to tell you the truth?
I said, or do you want me to candy coat it?
He said, no, tell us the truth.
So I told him what I thought.
He said, meet me at my office tomorrow morning downtown
on Lake Shore Drive.
And that's how that started.
Wow.
Well, cause you're watching every game, right?
Yeah, I saw it.
I saw what was happening.
Right.
You know, Bob Murray had hired me prior to that
to be a, you know, like I started working with Murph.
Murph's the reason I got into it.
He hired me and then I went back into the booth and
then Murph got fired and they brought in Mike Smith
and then he got fired.
And then that's when Bill words called me aside.
So what do you think of what's going on?
I said, well, it's kind of a disaster.
I said, do you want the truth or are you comfortable
sharing about like what, like what was like so bad
about it?
Well, they had no farm system.
They, they splintered, you know, they had five guys
and they shared, they didn't have anybody.
They didn't have any player continuity.
You know, they had five guys in where was it in a
Saginaw, maybe they had five guys in Saginaw.
They had five guys in somewhere in the East.
So you're not growing together in the miners.
No, there's no development.
Which is bizarre for a team.
And they were drafting poorly.
Right, for an original six, not to already have that
infrastructure set up, it seems like that would have
been a no-brainer.
Yeah.
So had it been set up at one point and then that
fizzled out or?
Yeah, yeah, it kind of fizzled out.
I think it was a cost, you know, was saving money. Is it being cheap? I don't know if they were being cheap.
It just like, you know, I don't know what the deal was.
You know, you just never figured that out.
You know, they were talking, they were upset with, with Bill
Wirtz because he wasn't televised in the home games, but he had made a promise
to his father that he wouldn't do it and stuff like that.
It just kept building up and building up and then, uh, just didn't work out.
It just kept getting worse and worse. You know,
they didn't, didn't draft well. It didn't develop well.
All those things are missing.
Who were the first people you thought to surround yourself with?
And Rick Dudley was the first guy, you know, like I had no experience.
And, and they asked me what I was going to do. I said, well,
I know what I'm not going to do. What I'm going to do is I'm going to experiment.
I'm going to try things.
I'm going to throw stuff on the wall and whatever sticks is good is good.
And what's bad is not going to stick.
We're going to try things and we're going to be innovative in our, you know,
drafting and all of that stuff. First guy, I thought it was Rick.
Rick Dudley was the first guy I hired because he had experience. He developed,
he, he, they won the Stanley Cup in Tampa.
Right.
And he didn't get any credit for it.
He built that team and then we're everywhere.
Rick, look at the history, Florida wins.
Why he was there now.
Right.
Chicago one.
He was there.
Rick, he's first guy.
And then the next guy I hired was Bergey, Mark Bergevich.
Oh, wow.
So we got Bergey andze, both ends of the spectrum.
Oh, Berge is so fucking funny.
Well, I've told this story numerous times.
This is one of my favorite stories, maybe in all of hockey.
I get a phone call,
I just got the job as assistant GM or something, I think.
I get a call from Berge.
Berge calls me Jean, Jean Talon, the French explorer.
You know?
I go, I called him Alain Dalon, the French actor.
It was a great name.
So he says, he's just retired after 17 years.
And Berge calls me from, he's living in San Diego.
Nice gig, right?
He says, Jean, he said, it's Berge.
I said, what's going on, Berge? He said, I'm making a list of guys I want to work for.
He said, guess what?
I said, what?
You made the list.
I said, get your ass on a plane right now.
So the next morning he flew in from San Diego
and I signed to run the dotted line right there.
And that's how that all started.
That's how I said, we, and so, and then he, you know,
poor Duds, Burge just was relentless on Duds, you know,
they were, the give and take was incredible.
It was great.
It was humor, it was.
You guys were having a good time.
We were having a good time, but we were working hard,
you know, and we were loving it.
And then we brought Mark Kelly in,
and Mark did a great job in Quebec. They went to Colorado, he won at Pittsburgh.
So I was trying to surround ourselves with champs,
you know, champions.
That's how you build champions.
Surround yourself with champions.
That's just the walk of life, right?
You surround yourself with losers, you're going to lose.
So that was my goal.
You know, Jack Welch, a great businessman,
you know, ran GE for 22 years.
I read his book and I said,
this is no wonder this guy's successful.
This is how we're gonna operate.
We're gonna operate the same way.
We're gonna hire really smart people.
We're gonna let people be innovative and creative.
Think outside the box.
And we're gonna argue about what's best for the team.
And we're gonna settle it as a group, professionally. And we're going to argue about what's best for the team. And we're going to settle it as a group professionally.
And we're going to move forward and we're going to try
different things.
And that's how that's, that was my concept.
Those first early years, you must have been out,
cause you had something to prove.
You must have been out pounding the pavement.
Yeah.
I mean, we're going all over the world, right?
We're, we had, we, we got rid of all this.
We got rid of everything.
We, we changed the whole philosophy
because the rules were changing.
They had said they were gonna change the rules,
they've said that numerous times, but they really did.
So we had a team that was water skiing,
and we had toughness.
Chicago had a tough team, but couldn't play.
The new rules.
So we ended up with 17 picks, we traded everybody,
then we had 14 picks, and then we had 11 picks.
Those three years were the, that's how it all came.
And you hit home runs.
I'm looking now, forget like Kane and Taves,
like you got Brower in the seventh round,
Bufflin in the eighth round, made some great trades.
It just seemed like you guys really realized
we gotta build this thing from the ground up.
Yeah, Jarmerson.
Jarmerson.
What a great player, you know, a character.
David Bowlin.
Bowlin and Buffer are my two favorites.
What do you remember about Buff, like, draft interview?
Ah, the best.
Can play like you, because he was a forward D.U.
Like yourself.
Well, what was going on with the weight stuff early on,
because you're probably like, holy fuck this guy.
Well, we had to.
Bill used to walk around and give you the pinch
and be like, ah, let's get on the bike today, Andy.
He was a machine.
Oh, god, he was a scary man.
I think his draft year, he might have been 282.
He's 17.
Yeah.
And then we got him down. His best weight was, you know, two 58 or something like that. But, you know, we did all kinds of tests on him and
we got him this nutrition, we've got him all this
stuff and you know, everything we tried, he kind
of rebelled it, but his whole life he'd been told
he was heavy, right?
And he's been pounded into him and he just hated it.
Bickle was another, you know, Brian Bickle is
another kid that we, we, we did it the wrong way.
So there was a guy named Joe Bickle was another, you know, Brian Bickle is another kid that we, we, we did it the wrong way.
So there was a guy named Joe Day, who was, uh,
uh, played in, uh, in the American league a long
time.
I think he's from, Joe was a great guy from
Michigan.
He played in Grand Rapids for a long time.
Did you play against him?
Uh, maybe, but I played against Grand Rapids.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he worked for a company called Ponderra.
It was an advising company.
They did mental stuff for corporate, major
corporations, you know.
So he came up with this virtual coach.
It was a 350 questions, no right or wrong answer.
So we started using this, experimenting on our
draft picks or potential drafts.
We'd send it out to these kids and they'd fill
it out and we'd get these results in.
And after a couple of years, you start, and
basically it was to help the coaches get to know
the player better so they wouldn't have to waste
as much time trying to get into their heads
properly, you know?
And we used it as a scouting tool and it turned
out to be really a good thing.
Cause if a guy fit in a certain box,
it's a no.
Really?
Just from that?
Well, some of it.
Yeah.
Some of it was, so it was a good thing.
Like what, like what kind of questions are we talking about here? I don't know.
I just, I did, I did the whole test with my family, with my kids and myself and
Meg and she didn't like the way it turned out.
Okay.
How old were you when you started hitchhiking?
No, no, I was just, I don't know, some of this stuff
was, it takes a lot of smarter people to put this
together and so we'd send them out and we got the,
and then they'd fit into this box and graded and
stuff like that.
So once we had a couple years of it, a couple
drafts ended up in this box.
We figured, okay, we're going to avoid this type
of player because he fits in here and that doesn't,
doesn't get with what we want.
That was part of it.
It's part of the transition about drafting guys.
And then, so we came to a solution with Buff and Beck.
We gave them the advice and say, here's all the numbers and you figure it out.
And they said, like, eyes lit up.
You're like, instead of eating ranch dressing, put marinara sauce on.
Like one pregame meal, he's splashing ranch and, you know, piles of ranch on the, what's that stuff?
It tastes like shit.
Otherwise I said, well, put tomato sauce on it.
So let's, you know, even that 300 calories.
So he started figuring it out, you know, and he got down to two 58, well, two
62, you know, and it was, you know, and Adam skate with a weight belt, 262, you know. And it was, you know, and had him skate with a weight belt,
you know, like five pound, 10 pound, it didn't bother,
but 20 pounds, they started to figure it out himself.
Let him, eventually they figured it out.
And that was the fun about the whole process, you know,
get into guys' heads and what was good and what was bad
and let them figure it out.
Did you know then that Caves was going to be that much of a leader,
like a serious guy, but you could just tell, huh?
Well, North Dakota, we watched North Dakota pretty closely.
I mean, that draft was, you know, we-
His back was after him.
Who was the, who went first, who went to Colorado?
Johnson. Johnson, Colorado? Johnson Johnson.
Right.
Good player.
Yeah.
And then second was, uh, are you still playing?
Uh, Jordan stall, Jordan stall.
Good player.
What a draft this was.
I went to, I went to Peterborough to watch Jordan play.
We watched him play a lot, but we went to North Dakota and we watched
Dave's and, and, uh, we watched some Shattuck and you know, wherever, you know, and he was just the guy.
He seemed like everybody followed him.
And that's what we wanted.
We wanted leaders.
And, you know, so that draft was tough because we were picking third.
We wanted Taves badly.
Not that I didn't like the other two guys, but that was the guy we wanted.
No shit.
You know, so that night I didn't sleep.
I mean, I always wanted that.
I wanted that to be the third pick.
And we.
So much were you trying to trade up at all?
We, yeah, of course.
Yeah.
We tried everything, you know, but everybody was staying put.
And then it just worked out.
It just worked out for us.
And then the Kane story, you'll love this story.
Duds and I go to a game in London.
We'd won the lottery. Now the story is I'm leaving Chicago to go to Halifax to see Voracek play.
So I go Chicago, Ottawa, Ottawa, Halifax.
I land in Ottawa.
My phone's blown up.
We won the lottery.
Holy shit.
You know, the old joke of, you know, pack your bags.
You're nice.
I don't know where you're going, but I'm going this way.
Right?
I figure, real watery.
And so we were picking five, now we're picking one.
So is he going to come home?
I said, no, I think we're going to go to Halifax.
We're going to keep the charade going.
We're going to go to Halifax, looking at Vorechak.
He might be a number one pick for us.
So I go to Halifax and I'm swarmed by the media.
You know, it's like in Ontario, Quebec and Ontario and Eastern Canada.
So I walk into the rink and I get swarmed and he says, is
Voracek in the mix?
I go, of course he is.
Cause I didn't want anybody to play my cards, right?
I didn't want to let anybody know who we were taking.
Cause it was Kane, it was Van Rimsdijk and Tours were the top three.
Duds and I go to London in a playoff game.
We're sitting nine rows up behind the net and
they're playing against Plymouth and, um, uh, who's
the big right where they're played in Plymouth?
They want the Columbus.
No, no, I wanted him bad.
Anyway, we ended up dismissing them on him, but, uh,
uh, uh, bowl, oh, Jared ball, Jared ball.
Yeah.
Big, big kid, right?
Well, caners, Jared Bull, yeah. Big, big kid, right? Well, Kainers, he hammers Kane head first into the boards, just to the left of us. I figured he's dead because he didn't weigh 150 pounds at the time.
And Bull was about 220.
He hammers him.
He hits him.
And down he goes.
I go, look, it does.
I go, this kid's going to broken neck or something. He's he just
Two and two no way home straight up. Yeah, I got two and two said there's our guy. Yeah, that's when you knew
Holy shit. I said the duds. Can you keep a secret? He goes. Yeah, I said so can I so shut the hell up with this
Our guy. Oh, so what does a clear-cut number? He won't
Cut the hell up with this there guy. Oh, so it wasn't a clear cut number.
He wasn't the, oh no.
He's so small.
Yeah, yeah, true.
But the one thing about Canter, he was wide.
Like, you know, his frame was wide.
He didn't have narrow, like he wasn't small.
Yeah.
He was so strong on his feet too.
And he never got knocked down.
Very rarely got knocked down.
But his vision, and he went into tall trees.
He wasn't afraid of guys like this.
Right.
He was fearless.
Another enormous player on that.
Those Hawks dynasty.
Well, I was thinking, uh, cause you made a trade for him, Patrick Sharp.
Oh yeah.
And I played against him when he was in the phantoms and the age, all the
Loco canceled teasers, this guy's unreal, unreal, but I never heard about him
that much and then did you know he'd be that good when you traded for him?
I'd seen him play in college, right?
And even drafted his right winger from, from, uh, Thunder Bay and, uh,
Who?
Piot?
No, Sharp.
He played in Vermont.
No, he was saying from Thunder Bay.
His right winger was, uh, I forget his name.
He was a really crafty little guy, but he played the wing with, with Sharp.
And I forget his name. Sorry. Senior really crafty little guy, but he played the wing with Sharp and I forget his name.
Sorry.
Senior moment.
I jammed you up. 74.
I jammed.
Yeah, now I've lost my time.
Anyway, I'm watching Philly and I'm watching him.
He's there and he's sitting,
he's playing four or five minutes a game.
And we had a slow, dumb, not a good team.
That was my first year, I think.
And I'm going, we gotta get some speed.
The rules, everything's speed, speed, speed, speed.
All pro sports were going speed.
Football, everything was speed.
Baseball, speed.
The fast teams were winning.
So I said, we gotta get faster, we're too slow.
I'm looking at Sharp, because I knew he could skate.
And he's playing four or five minutes a game in Philly. So I kept calling Bobby Clark, Clarky.
What about Sharp? You're wasting, he's wasting away. I mean, you know, I said,
so able to convince them to get that deal done.
Well, that's the beginning.
That was the beginning of changing the whole structure of our team,
that trade and I got 29 goals that I think the next year,
you could shoot the, he could skate, you know, and he could shoot and skate.
So he wasn't being utilized properly.
And that's how it kind of started.
We started getting the speed and getting the skill.
And getting a chance.
Yeah, yeah.
What about Hossa?
Because you lost to Detroit in the Western Conference final,
and then they went on to lose to Pittsburgh.
But then you're like, this would be the final piece for us?
Yeah, yeah.
We could see the development of the team.
Everything, we were just missing something,
just something, and that was the guy.
What a special human, eh?
Oh, the best.
Just a horse.
First class all the way around, on and off the ice.
I mean, this guy is just brilliant, I think,
and just a world-class.
Work ethic, like crazy, I heard.
He trained, he showed those kids,
he brought them to another level.
It was a lot like us bringing in, um, yogurt.
I brought him in to do that, to help guys like
Barkov and those guys get learned how to train and
learn how to work and what it took to be successful.
Um, so that's how you surround yourself with
those things.
So people, you gotta get better, right?
No doubt.
Um, there was a story about the offer sheet thing.
I don't know how it all went down, like like that like I guess somebody in your regime or maybe yourself forgot to hand them out
On time, like I don't know. You know, you know I'm talking. Yeah. Okay. That's probably the reason I got fired
They said that they use that they use that as the reason. Okay. That was the reason is it a sensitive topic?
yeah, I mean it's the facts are that I had a mandate May 1 and June 1, May 1, the
offers for the bona fide offers for the June to retain juniors rights.
And, you know, you had to have them in before June 1 and July 1.
You had to have the offer sheets in to retain their age, you know, their stat, their, their
rights and they had a mandate and I got sick, he's in quarantine.
But I said, is everything, is everything in?
Is all, are these offer sheets in?
Are they in?
Yep.
They're in, they're in, they're in.
And so I took, I took, I took the knife and the fork, but you know,
eventually it comes down to me.
But the thing is the relationship I had built with the agents helped fix that.
Yeah.
Cause all the guys, the guys, they didn't leave. They stayed because they, we had a good, I
had good relationships with their agents. It cost us a little more money upfront, but
it didn't cost us long-term. It was, they were all tradable numbers. They used that
as they said, I screwed up. So I think everyone knew you built the team. Right. And then I
remember Martin have have that and I looked it up cuz I remember it he had your back big time
He said every single player in that teams with Dale
I still talk to all the guys hockey players
know a phony when they see one talking about somebody else and and how you kind of just
As you said took the knife in the back for something that well, I mean it eventually comes down to you
Yeah, you got to take and that's what happens.
Seems something so minor compared on what you've done
for the organization.
So what's that tell you?
Somebody up there, well, I'm not much, I know.
Listen, my life is wonderful.
I know I sleep well.
I got a lot of friends.
I did a lot of good things. I did not such good things.
But life goes on.
I don't worry about that.
Here I am living in Florida, playing golf and going to hockey games.
Got great kids.
Gonna be a grandpa here in the next couple of weeks.
Yeah.
I was gonna ask what the differences were coming over to Florida
and all of a sudden trying to build an organization, maybe not with the same type of resources and at a place that's not as traditional, not an original six.
So what were the different challenges and hurdles when you eventually came?
That's a great question because there was, there was a huge issue here. Guys were coming here to retire.
Right. You know, yeah, that's how it was in Phoenix when we were. You know, and you went through it, right?
You guys were coming out,
they got three years left or two years left.
They're milking it and they're gonna come down here
and live the life.
And that was the biggest change.
Even in Chicago when I first started,
I offered more term, more money to a lot of players,
free agents, and they wouldn't come
because the perception was that the Hawks didn't care,
didn't want to win.
You didn't want to spend the money, didn't
want to.
So we had to change that perception.
And so when I came to Florida, they had guys
here that were just not doing the job.
They were just here, you know, milking it.
Yeah.
And that's the, we had to get that out of here.
And that was the hardest part because there are
a lot of challenges here. You've got to really be focused to out of here. And that was the hardest part because
there are a lot of challenges here.
You got to really be focused to play hockey here.
You know, you know that in Phoenix and going
out after practice in sandals or going to, let's
go to the beach or let's go golf or.
Well, not every guy can do it.
Yeah.
No, you have to have really strong, uh, mental
capacity to perform well here.
Cause there are a lot of challenges, people
coming down at Christmas. Less media, less media too. Yeah. strong, uh, mental capacity to perform well here. Cause there are a lot of challenges, people
coming down at Christmas, you know, less media,
too, no, nobody you can hide here.
Yeah.
If you do it right.
And that was, that was a different challenge in
Chicago, but still the same kind of challenge.
You've got to change the focus and the perception
and you got to explain to everybody that this is
what we're going to do and we're going to win in
spite of what there is, you know?
And that's what we did.
And you build winners with good people.
You surround yourself with smart people, good people,
and let them go.
Let them go, come on, have some fun with it.
Go, take a chance.
Speaking of taking a chance, one quick funny story
that Yans made me aware of yesterday was
how you guys are doing silly promotions,
like the sumo wrestling suits.
Oh yeah, in between periods.
So much so.
He wasn't in charge of that.
No.
No, I know, but were you aware of these types of things?
I watched it.
We had lots of stuff going on.
You were like, ah.
This is a circus.
Whoa.
We gotta grow the game here somehow.
We gotta grow the game and sell tickets, right? My buddies were telling. oh, this is a circus. We got to grow the game here. Somehow we got to grow the game. My buddies were
telling him there was some stuff that was unacceptable, but you
shake your head and you got to sell tickets. Like what was the
most ridiculous thing? Any stuff where you're like, absolutely
not. We're not doing that.
Well, it's too many. Okay.
All right.
So you were swapping these off your desk in the meantime building another jug or not?
No we're not.
Okay.
No we're not.
Because he's telling them, my buddies were telling Biz a story last night.
Four of my buddies were coming to the game and I got them the ticket so I knew they were
sitting.
I was like, make sure you're in your seats when the first period is about to end.
So like the girl who works with the team goes up, grabs them,
puts them in the sumo outfits. They're out there in like sandals.
I'm on the bench.
Yeah.
He's just taping his stick on the bench watching his friend sumo wrestling at
his own game.
It was great.
NHL.
That's national league.
I guess at the beginning it was maybe questioned,
but it turned out to be an amazing signing of Bobrovsky and yeah. Yeah. Well, you know Bob
Was that risk? Were you were you nervous when you did that? Oh
Because I was there was the mandate, you know, Vinnie said go get him, you know, and he wanted me to sign him and and
Panarin
You know he wanted both of them and so we had a chance to get both of them,
but then it turned out the signing bonus thing was a big,
you know, they wanted all that.
Oh, all up front.
All up front, so yeah, but it worked out.
That was Panarin's request, he wanted all of it.
Well, most, you know, look, he got 94 up front.
Every year he gets his money up front.
I think a million of it is right.
Yeah, that's it.
Like Matthews.
Well, you said it even, you know,
surround yourself with winners and stuff.
And when I came here, like you said, you know,
guys were coming here to, you know, retire.
And when I got here, you have guys like Sean Thornton,
Lou, like you had guys that-
We brought guys in that were, you know, like,
brought, you know, Joe Vo and Sean in. And, you know, we did the same thing as you call it.
Brought some guys in, like that's why we brought Jose in, you know.
You got to bring in guys that can lead and are champions at heart, you know,
and have had successes champions like Dave Boland.
He won everywhere.
You know, he's Memorial Cup.
I think he won, you know, he, he's a champion kid played to win.
You know, that's what you got to have on your team. Winners.
What'd you think of Barkov right when you met him? Wow.
It was kind of off the like, yeah, it wasn't,
well everybody thought Jones was going to go next. I would have taken, we were,
you know, Patrick Raw was, was bragging. He's taken McKinnon when they won the lottery. Yeah.
And you know, I went to, I went to Halifax a lot of times,
not only for the seafood, you know, went for the sea, you know,
we got Weeger out of there, right? We got him in the seventh round.
That was pretty thick. They just,
he was special all the way through, you know, Barkie was just so, you know,
kind of like a little man, right?
Yeah, very similar.
Amazing. Just like this all the time, you know,
none of this up and down.
That's hard. I can wear, you know, the emotional,
it's like a heart attack waiting to happen, right?
Right.
So they were just like this actually, you know,
once he got to become a better skater,
the Barkie you knew he had his first game against Crosby. It was unbelievable. He was 18 years old playing against Crosby, you know, once he got to become a better skater, the bar key he knew he had,
his first game against Crosby was unbelievable.
He was 18 years old playing against Crosby,
you know, like, wow, this guy.
He's sticking with him.
He stayed with him, you know.
Looking back at the days of being a GM,
was it so stressful?
Yeah, at the end it became stressful.
But there's so many fires to put out
that people don't know of, you know.
You've got all that scouting, all those scouting staffs, all the
training, all these little things, you know, little stupid things that you
got to put fires out.
It's like whack-a-mole.
One, it's like you think the work's never done.
No, it's never done.
So when you lose, you never think you're going to win again.
When you win, you never think you're going to lose again.
And, and they're nice.
You know, you just don't sleep. You know, you just don't sleep.
And you can, if you care and you love your players and you're a
player's manager, those things really eat at you. You know, you don't, when a
guy's struggling, how do I get this straightened out? How do I get him
straightened out? How do you fix it? How do you do without hurting his feelings?
Or, you know, now it's,
so now they've got assistant general managers and you've got strength coaches
and nutritionists and psychiatrists and psychologists and,
you know, all kinds of stuff. So you've got to, everybody's got something,
you know, somebody's something's happening.
Yeah. And you got to, cause I remember being in Phoenix, you're young, you're, somebody's something's happening. Yeah, you got it.
You were because I remember being in Phoenix, you're young, you're afraid of the GMs, all that stuff.
New York slats. I was so scared.
You're a big presence, scary guy.
But I remember always you'd be in the breakfast room.
You'd always come sit down, chat with guys.
You got to know guys, families like you knew everything like about the guys.
And I thought that was super special being a part of that.
It was that kind of something that you did from the beginning or you, that kind of
grew in.
No, that's what I wanted because it never happened to me.
And like when I said earlier in our conversation, they said, what are you going
to do?
I said, I don't know what I'm going to do, but I know what I'm not going to do.
That was the key because 10 years I played very rare. I never spoke to the GM ever, never saw him.
Yeah.
Right.
He was in the ivory tower or whatever.
He never saw him and the coach very rarely talked
to you other than to give you a crap, you know?
So I said, what, there's something wrong here.
Why can't the, my philosophy is that the
stick boy, the trainer, the doctor, the, everyone's
got skin in the game.
You got something to say, say it. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, the trainer, the doctor, the everyone's got skin in the game.
You got something to say, say it.
I'll, I'll agree.
And then I'll put it in the trash bin, but I'm
not going to let, I'm going to let you feel like
you've got a part of this.
And you know, the stick boy, the second trainer,
the third train, whatever, they got something to
say, let them feel good.
Because if they feel crappy about the situation, they're going to start a
revolution inside the locker room that you can't control.
It only takes one.
It only takes one.
So I always felt that let everybody vent, everybody speak, the doors open, come on in.
And if you've got something to say, let's say it.
If it makes sense, let's discuss it.
And then we'll have consensus.
What's best for this organization?
If it's not good, it goes in the trash bin.
If it's good, let's figure a way to incorporate it.
And that was the fun part of it
because it was never constant.
It was, you know, you had to be flexible.
You had to be adapting to change to be successful, I think,
especially today.
Going back to your playing days,, it was just a different time.
You guys were staying over after the game.
You were flying on normal flights and stuff.
Did you guys ever find yourselves any stories that you can share, like compromising situations
where like, I don't want to say like bar fights, but anything that was just wild from just
living in a different era where going out and drinking and having fun on the road was a little bit more popular?
Well, I had no cell phones, right? No cameras. And the media guy,
we had one beat writer, probably he'd be drinking, you know, with you, right?
Put him to bed, right? We had one guy in Chicago.
We I lost him in New York. When I went to a party, he tagged along with me and then we couldn't
find him for two days, you know?
Yeah.
It was just a different world, you know, it just, you start training camp, you
know, and you've got six weeks of training camp, you get in shape, get out of shape.
Then you go on the road for play three games in Moncton and all these plays.
And then he came back and you know, there was just, it road for play three games and Monkton and all these places.
And then he came back and you know,
it was just a lot of fun, but it was all good fun.
I listen, Chicago, when Billy Ray and Tommy Ivan,
they ran a really first class organization.
If you weren't a good guy, they'd just get rid of you,
regardless how good you were, just out it.
And that was where I learned a lot from that.
I learned those years in Chicago.
And plus Vancouver,
Pat Quinn, Curtainback, Gary Doak, uh, Andre Boudre, uh, Bobby Schmotz, all these guys, they
taught me, you know, I learned from them.
They, they taught me how to live really, when to
go, when not to go, you know, and it was just a
way of life that you to be a professional, you
know, they teach you to be a pro.
But we had a lot of fun, good fun.
Time for the rollback last question.
Use code CHICKLETS at rollback.com for 20 off
your first order jeans, hoodies, everything you need.
Hoodies, joggers, excuse me.
More with CHICKLETS, CHICLETS at R-H-O-B-A-C-K.com.
Dale, we've talked a lot about the no state tax
versus other teams.
Did you notice in Florida like that helping?
Do you think the league could ever do anything
to make it even or is it overblown a little bit?
It's overblown.
Okay.
I tried that tactic all the time.
Come on, we've got the tax, we could save you this.
They didn't care.
Like I said, when we went in Chicago in the early days,
more money, more term, they didn't want to come
because the perception was they didn't care,
didn't want to win.
Same thing here.
No tax, no tax.
I tried that tactic for years.
It doesn't, it didn't work.
Not as big as people think.
No, it's overrated.
What do you think of the state of the game and where it's at now?
And if there's one major element that you could change about it, like from all
your experience and where you think the game's headed, what would you change?
I put the blue line back to, you know, and put the, put the net back to 10 feet,
put the blue line closer, more room in the neutral zone.
I think there's too much going on around the back in the corners and behind the
net. I'd love to see more action in front. You know,
when you played in the Boston garden and the Chicago stadium and the Buffalo
auditorium, everything was to the side or the front of the net.
Everything was in front. Like there was action. And that's, that's for me,
the dimensions and get rid of that stupid, uh, try whatever that is.
I let the goalies play the puck.
Yeah.
For every good goalie that handles it are 10 that can.
I know.
And like mistakes happen from it too.
Of course.
So, you know, no shit.
Yeah.
I hate the trap.
I think so.
So you think that like moving in the blue line just creates like more.
Well, what happens, we used to, you know, the left winger had the right point
man and the right, right.
No, but now they just let, how many times did they pass it back and forth at the blue line three,
four times.
Like, yeah, cause everybody collapses in front, you know, they don't, they don't go to the
points.
They stay in the scoring zone.
You know, there are five guys in the scoring zone blocking shots, shots, aren't getting
through.
It's just, it's more dangerous if the guys are closer to the net.
I love that.
More protected.
They'd have to come out at them a little bit more.
Yeah, they'd have to commit.
You had that one cocked and loaded. Any other ones you got?
What do you think about the reviews? All the offside reviews?
Are you one of the person that thinks you gotta get it right?
They asked me, a bunch of guys asked me to start the, you know, the challenge.
First one GM meeting. I so I bring it up right like a dope.
I got voted to 30 to one against.
Okay, so now guys.
Yeah, those are nothing.
Right, right, right.
You know, Yeah. So it was another. Suck on that one, Darrell. You do it. Right. Right. You ask. So now, now they want to do it.
Now they come back to me again.
Well, you know, listen, we should bring it back in.
I go, up your oars.
I'm not, you had your chance, and I'm done with it.
You know, the one challenge rule and the penalty thing.
I don't know.
I love going to the games.
I think they're a lot of fun.
I just, the flip, the flip, the flip.
That's a high flip, the high flip, the high flip.
Come on with the three quarter inch hook.
The I flip is easy, right?
That's all they do.
Good.
Go chase the puck.
Hi.
Make a play, please make a play like some more plays in the neutral zone and get
out way from behind and then corner cycling in the corner and behind the net. Let's get it to the more action in the neutral zone and get out way from behind in the corner,
cycling in the corner and behind the net. Let's get it to the front.
More action in the middle of the ice. Yeah. Wow. Okay.
I had one just golf quick, sorry. Who's the biggest legend that you ever played with?
Like any Arnie or any of those guys? Did you ever get to?
I played later on. I played with a lot of the tour, you know guys when I I played in a
practice round of the US senior open I played with Corey Pavin and Jeff Slooman and
David Frost that was kind of fun Marco Mara I played with him George Knudsen now balling those Canadian guys are the biggest guys I probably ever played with the Arnold
I played in a group behind him. We were in the same kind of group, but I didn't play with him
But he was my idol. I mean, I loved the him. We were in the same kind of group, but I didn't play with him. But he was my idol.
I mean, I loved Arnold Palmer.
He's the greatest.
Why was he just so charismatic in his thoughts?
He's just such a great person.
He's the king.
They call him the king.
Legit, if your nickname's the king.
Just because he's just such a beauty.
Look at him in that picture, a cigarette,
he's glued on while he's playing.
He was one of the first athletes to make a ton of money,
like a waifling in endorsements.
He started all that, basically.
He made McCormick.
Yeah.
Well, Dale, this has been a pleasure.
I mean, what a career you've had, playing everything.
Thank you.
It's been fun.
Thank you so much.
I've been very blessed.
Thank you.
Dale Tallon, everyone.
Thank you so much to Dale Tallon.
What a guy.
I think when you look back at parenting when
Dale was growing up and he was hitchhiking at 14 years old going from golf tournament
to golf tournament, that's a little different than the parents nowadays like helicoptering
around their kids like, come here I need to wipe your face off. There's some peanut butter
on your lips. He was growing up old school, hard knocks, but guys, we've
got Quick Hits now. Quick Hits is presented to you by Dove Men's Plus Care. Keith sent
us over a picture this week. He said, you think I'm lying about my love for Dove? And
he's packing his bag. He's got Dove soap everywhere. So Dove Men Plus Care, finally
the scrubs.
The bars? What's the one that's got the extra moisturizer in it? I've since switched over to the pump one that you sent over.
And I showed up with like a six pack of the dub ones showed up with a six pack.
It's like I showed up with a keg of beer for the boys.
The guys in the shower were so happy.
You know, you get a nice bar soap.
You can use it once.
There's one on the wall, the hand sanitizer to fucking wash their nuts off
Are you are you extra? Are you extra towel guy to you bring an extra towel? Oh, yeah always to to tell you're too tall guy I grabbed two towels at tree farm and two cuz like dude, you didn't you didn't play a thousand games
He called me right out. He called me right out. He says you cannot get
That's his rule is you have to use a face towel.
He said you can't even use a full size. I use like four.
Like I'm a fucking iron chic. You can use a towel after you use dove men's
plus care. Finally, there is a scrub design for men's needs. Add the new dove
men plus care body and face scrubs to your shower routines using the shower,
bath or at your sink, apply to wet skin, rinse clean and follow with your favorite DoveMen Plus Care body wash or cleansing
bar.
The scrub transforms how you and your skin feel made for your face, body, scalp, etc.
If you want to try DoveMen Plus Care, you're crazy if you don't go to Walmart today.
Guys, quick hits.
Ovi got another one.
I was actually checking the schedule, so he needs seven to tie, eight to break.
I think he has 16 games left.
This might come down to the final game of the year.
I think we talked about this on the season preview show.
Now, though, I am starting to wonder, like, it's not at all a guarantee he gets it
done. Like, are you convinced it's over busy getting it this season?
Or do you have a little doubt?
I would just be a little bit concerned
if I'm them just trying to play him too much to get it.
I think that they've been doing a good job of playing him
in that 17, 18 minute range where he should be.
He has slowed down a little bit.
There's no doubt he's been opportunistic.
But I think if, I mean,
I would imagine they keep trying to win out
to win the presidents and lock in first in the East,
although they have a pretty good cushion right now.
But man, if we're talking about 10 of the last 16 games
with empty nets and power plays, like I think it's-
He passed off one. He passed off, yeah. I think it's- He passed off one.
You see him?
Yeah, he passed off the empty netter.
I think that was such a classy move and like you talk about the morale of this team right
now and a guy who's been like a big part of the growth of it.
We also had a conversation about best contracts in the league.
Did we bring him up?
And how do you say his last name, the big Russian?
Protoss.
Protoss.
Also- Like he's like- Bill Ryan told me, Keith,
Washington has his brother too.
I think his brother's a nasty prospect.
Is he a Megatron too?
I think he's a mutant as well.
Oh wow.
So that guy, I mean, his deal,
and they signed it to him this summer, right, that contract?
G would have to bring it up,
but I think he's making peanuts for what he's doing.
He's basically like having another Tom Wilson who doesn't fight.
And I can imagine like his game, like he's going to have to like during
playoffs time, Tom Wilson's going to pull him aside and be like, Hey,
this is how we do it in the playoffs and show them a couple of videos of him
running somebody.
And that guy is going to be a force to be reckoned with in the playoffs.
Little sweet chin music.
I don't, like, want to call out agents or anything,
but he's on a five-year deal for 16.8.
A year?
That's like a Wayne Simmons deal.
It's 3.375 for four more seasons after this one.
He's probably going to be a 35, 40 goal guy,
80 point guy the next four years.
And the cap's going up, that is wild.
Not, yeah, not to mention he's six foot 11.
Cause then you have more money to potentially
bring back Chickren and pay other guys
who are gonna deserve it.
I mean, we were all over PLD last year,
his fucking deal's looking like a bar goon now
all of a sudden.
He looks great.
He looks phenomenal. He's a different player.
He's a different fucking human being, man.
It's insane, it's insane what they've done.
And it's nuts, it's just nuts.
We've said this a bunch of times,
but next year, the year after,
three years from now, like eight million a year,
it's not like, oh, it's not crazy. It's not like, like, oh, like it's not crazy.
It's a front wipe.
You know, it's a front wipe.
I'm looking at Protoss, I'm looking at Protoss's stats right now.
He's got more goals this year than the other years he has combined pro.
What is it?
What is his, what is he playing?
Is this his third season or fourth season pro?
It's his fourth and he played 33 games one year, 58 games.
The next year, 78 last year and 67 this year.
He's got 29 goals.
So second full season in the league.
Probably nice though, I mean, getting that security
after probably what he's done, right?
So that's where it is.
I didn't mean to call it his agent.
You're right, Ben.
No, Asian Fire.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Hey guys, Keith specifically,
what was the most goals you scored in a season?
Ooh, I don't know.
It was two for me, if you're wondering.
Mine was 14.
In an NHL season?
Yes.
I'm not exaggerating.
It felt like I had 65 goals.
Oh yeah.
I was like, this is unbelievable.
I got my 14th goal at the end of the year.
I was like, this is insane.
I have so many goals.
Kale McCarr has 25 goals this year.
The last NHL defenseman to hit 30
was Capitals defenseman Mike Green in 2008, 2009.
I think that was when he broke the record
of scoring a goal seven games in a row.
Brent Burns scored 29 goals in 16-17,
and McCarr had 28 in 21-22.
Will he get to 30 this season?
I think no doubt, but I really wanted to ask you, Keith,
how nuts is it for 30 goals by, like,
I can't even put that into my brain
and make any sense of it.
30 goals.
I know.
The thing is, is he, he's just so well-rounded.
Like it's not like he's cheating for offense all the time.
Like he creates a lot of offense by himself as well.
Like it's actually mind numbing that he can score 30 goals in the NHL as a defenseman.
Like it's, and the only thing that stinks is kind of taken away a little bit from what
Rurenski's done this year, but 30 goals as a, as a defenseman, the NHL is just
absolutely absurd and like, is this his best year playing?
I don't, I don't even know if it is. Like, I think he's just going to get better and better every single year. and like is this his best year playing?
I don't even know if it is.
Like I think he's just gonna get better and better
every single year.
I think every year he, I know.
If you get 30 goals and 60 assists,
then you're putting up 90 points
and you play all situations like he does.
Like you deserve to be the highest paid player in the league.
Are you a number one?
Yeah, because I agree. You're in a new category. You play more than it. player in the league. Are you a number one?
Yeah, because I agree. You're in a new category.
You play more than a minute.
You're literally this era's Bobby Orr.
Like, people say, oh, I don't want to hear you compare him.
It's like, yeah, maybe the top end,
like the first couple years where
he was putting up numbers that no one's ever going to touch
because of the era it was in.
But like, you can't tell me if a defenseman for a five year
stretch puts around the 30 goal mark and around 100 point mark and is playing 25 minutes and
PKing and shutting guys down.
And it's like, that's like, that's comes around once every 30, 40 years, if you're lucky.
I know.
I know we talked about, we talked about Doughty and Keith and and Niedemeier and these legends, these hall of famers.
The way this is tracking, I think we had an argument about Lidstrom McCarr, it might end
where him and Bobby Orrin and everyone else.
It's absurd.
It's absurd watching him.
And then occasionally, he'll just hammer someone too. It's like, it's just, it's incredible to watch.
There's no bullshit off the ice.
Like, there's nothing that's gonna distract him
from doing what he wants to do.
No, it goes back to the story that when the coach at UMass
who recruited him ended up leaving UMass,
he stayed true to his word.
He still went there.
And he was drafted, and it goes back,
he was drafted fourth overall
out of the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
I think McKinnon's like, what the fuck is this?
Who's this guy?
And now he's like, oh my God.
He's about to have a Dallin conversation,
and now all of a sudden he's got the best defenseman
he's ever seen on his team.
Bobby Orr did get 46 goals one year.
And it's nuts to think, I think McCarr could get 40.
He probably has many instances where he's passing it off,
where he could shoot it.
And the other thing is, there are never slap shots.
Somehow, Murl said it, how are you the fastest skater
and the best player and also have the hardest wrist shot?
Like his snapshots, like Matthew's, it's just, it's incredible. I can't believe
what he's doing. So awesome to see that.
Not exactly a quick hit, but he deserved the double wrister for probably being under.
I also remember Mike Green, I first saw him in the AHL for Hershey. I was like, that guy
had maybe the filthiest hands I've ever seen a defensive have.
And style.
Oh, dude, remember the HBO? He was driving the scooter around Washington, D.C. It was
like 10 degrees out. He's like, I don't give a shit. That guy had no pulse. And he was
an incredible player. The Vegas Golden Knights, boys, very happy for Aiden Hill. He signed
a six-year contract extension worth 6.25 million per season. The team announced on
Friday Hill was scheduled for unrestricted free agency this summer following the end of a two-year deal that he got paid
4.9
Annually he signed that after the Golden Knights won the Stanley Cup
This is the first time he won't be playing on a one or two year contract
So you talk about security biz he's got to just feel he's got to just feel going into the playoffs like oh my god
Like the weight off his shoulders. He's staying where he wants to be he's staying where he's a cup champ
And who knows what Vegas gonna do cuz nobody they're not getting nobody's talking about them
It's Dallas Colorado all the madness and now they got him locked up
I feel like that's kind of around the number of these number one guys are getting knowing that it's gone to a
two a two goalie system
You know, I think that he's earned the true number one title.
He plays great in front of that defense.
Shout out to the defense too,
the way that they play and how structured they are.
They make it a little bit more predictable than most teams
and where he just has to be in order
to get in the way of the shots.
But credit to him, man.
And after winning the cup there and having that great run,
he signed that bridge deal. He helped them put them in a great financial situation in order
to better the team. And now that he gets to get his payday and well deserved. So I would
imagine that they're going to have a great tandem that's coming in around the like eight
to 10 million range. And that's where it should be as far as a team that has good goaltending.
So awesome stuff. I got to see him in Arizona a little bit when he was
still big and raw and work with. He's huge, right? He's huge. He's huge. Great
head on his shoulders and works. I think he started off with Sean Burke. Then
they ended up moving on from him. I think they traded him to San Jose and I
always thought, this is not the move.
You got this big guy who, you know,
getting peppered with shots, he looked good.
I think at the time we had Darcy Kemper,
and maybe that's why they felt they could move off
and try to win a trade, but I think even at the end
of his time here, he worked with, fuck, is it, oh my God.
Jack of the Alien? Yeah, Jack.
Twista?
No, he's now the goalie coach in Utah.
He's moved on there, but for fuck's sakes,
I say hi to him all the time.
He was a great guy.
Help me out, G.
Hey, I think it's a great move by Vegas,
signing him before playoffs, just getting it off of his head.
You know, like you said, this is his first year, not on a one or two year.
Great move by them.
Just kind of easing, easing his ways.
It's not early in the season where you can kind of forget about what's
going on in the season right before playoffs.
They're gearing up.
He's going to have a, you know, clear head going into playoffs.
Corey Schwab is.
Corey Schwab.
Yeah, I just thought of it.
G-Pope, hold that up quick.
Quickly, you mentioned the Vegas D, how good that D is.
Storyline to watch, I think,
because everyone's saying with the cap going up
and what St. Louis has done with Holloway and Broberg,
that offer sheets are gonna become alive.
And Nicholas Hegg is an RFA, he's 26 years old.
I don't know if they have the money to sign him.
That could be a guy who somebody gives an offer sheet to.
Great player.
We'll see what happens there.
Who, the big defenseman?
Yeah, dude, he's good, mean, strong.
Six-six, unreal number what?
He was in Philly before, I think.
He's a number four on Vegas, four-five?
Yeah, you make it two six right now. I think
Is it him and white cloud as that last pairing?
He's making two two
Jesus Wild yes, I don't know sign him. They always get the McNabs and those types of guys on the good deals
He plays on the top pair with Petro and then it's Hannah Finn and white cloud and McNabb and right now they got a
Caden court Korczak. I'm not saying his name correct, but Shea Theodore's out so that'll change and
I think Carlson's coming back soon. He's kind of like who's the number four guy in Seattle?
Alexiak? No, he's like a Larson.
Okay, another goal he re-signed. I thought he was done.
I thought we were going to get our night with a Johnny's a pizza.
Jonathan Quick, another one year deal with the Rangers.
Molly Walker from the Post announced 1.55 million cap hit.
So Shusterkin's locked up long term.
It seems like they have a great relationship.
Why not bring Quickie back?
He's played, I know last year he was unreal.
And then this year he's done well as the backup.
So he's coming back to New York.
I wonder if Quickie was in, if he was in a different city,
if he'd be continuing to play,
obviously he's from Connecticut,
he's probably living at home.
I think he's in the perfect situation.
The Rangers make it so easy.
And you know, he's making,
I think he was making 950 this year.
So he's getting a little bit of a raise and no, I agree with you.
I think the one to punch there and he's still a guy who could play 25, 30 games.
I think it was even at the beginning of this year where he had to step in and win some big games for them where they're really struggling.
So last year, I remember there was a stretch where he was on fire, like at the start, wasn't it?
Yeah. Oh, yeah, he was unreal.
He was unreal.
And he's working with that Benoit Allaire where he's had a couple surgeries.
He can't play the same style he used to.
He would challenge guys like a motherfucker early.
So he's learned to play a little bit farther back in his net and trust his instincts.
And yeah, man, he's had a complete rebirth as far as the structure of how he plays. Any more goalie coaches you
want to give a shout out to? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Jill's moulash.
Oh, I got to do all my birthday. Thank you. This is the perfect time. Oh no. We're starting
the first round of the playoffs or just yeah, we had a we had a
aunt
She was there
Last night we did like a goodbye dinner
There was like 20 of us and then this one girl was like alright
Everybody has to go around and talk about their best part of the weekend and it kind of turned into a bit of it
And like even Jackie was like no no, like let's stop this.
And ended up going all the way.
But it got, some people were fucked up.
So some of them were hilarious and they got off the rails.
So.
What was yours?
I passed, we got the pass because we hosted it.
And it was like, some people were like enough.
Cause most people would turn into thanking both of us
and it would get uncomfortable.
But some people would just bring the heat.
Oh, so you didn't like people doing all their thanks.
Weird.
No, no, no, no.
Jackie, uncomfortable. And I said, I never mind.
Shut the fuck up.
The Florida Panthers beat the Leafs this past week, three to it was a big win for
Sergei Bobrovsky as he took over sole possession of 10th place on the NHL's
all-time win list with his 424th win.
He turned aside 23 of 25 shots during the game Thursday.
He overtook Tony Esposito for 10th.
And Keith, I just kinda wanna know what makes him so good.
You get to play with him, besides how many watches he owns.
Just his work ethic.
The guy is nonstop just trying to get better.
The stuff that I would see him do from beginning of the year to end of the year, every single
day he was just doing something to get better.
And on the ice early, on the ice late, you know, working out every single day, working
out after a game, you know, that he stood on his head, took 60 shots, just a true professional, um, unreal guy,
not one of those goalies too, that you like, couldn't go up to before a game,
just a awesome teammate.
And I know he's still trying to get better too, cause I got a text the other
day, uh, he was getting rid of two cold tubs, who needs two cold tubs at their
house, he had two of them, He was trying to get rid of them.
He wanted to know if I want to donate them to my kid's school.
So I went into his house, pick them up, but he was getting two new ones.
So getting the, just the newer version.
So the guy's just trying to get better and better every year. And, and, and it's,
uh, you know,
proven to be working those used ones off you.
Yeah. So he'll, he'll be in the time when, when,
when there was a time, I know on this show, I've been like,
this is the worst contract in the league. Was that just the team being bad?
Like what happened to him those few years?
No, I felt like he lost his confidence in game a little bit. No. Yeah.
There was, there was like a year or two. It was right when he came over here.
I, yeah, maybe it was due to all the pressure of him making,
I think it was the highest paid goalie here. I, yeah, maybe it was due to all the pressure of him making, I think it was
the highest paid goalie at the time.
It was a big splash.
They had just, we had just drafted like Spencer Knight.
Uh, you know, it was kind of like we had him coming and then we
signed Sergey that summer.
Lew had just retired.
There might've been the pressure on him a little bit, cause I know he puts
a lot of pressure on himself, but it never like, you never saw anything where he tried to change his game or, you know, wasn't satisfied.
He was just continued to get better and better.
And, um, yeah, but our team obviously wasn't, you know, the, the Florida Panthers of who they are now.
Still insane that he didn't even start, um, the playoffs.
I know.
It's just nuts to look back and think that he came in.
And since then it's just, it's incredible.
So, um, biz you're back on hockey night in Canada this Saturday.
Actually for people in Halifax, biz and I'll be up in Nova Scotia.
Um, we're speaking God, I should know this is it before we get there.
Yans, what kind of watches does he have?
Bobrovsky, all of them, does he have? Bobrovsky.
All of them?
Like every brand?
Every watch.
Patek Philippe?
Yeah, but he's got like the big boy ones that like no one has, you know.
He's got the Richard Mill?
I don't know if he, I'm sure he does now, but I remember he gave Frankie Petrano a sick
watch when he got his number, because Frankie was number 72. He got him a Sick watch God if I knew that there was a possibility of bringing a guy over that had that type of tag
I would I would change my number to their number knowing waiting for him just fucking waiting in the weeds
First day they walk in I'm there. I'm there greeting their greeting about the airport like this
What do you have for me?
There's a, hey, Larry Flowers is there.
He opens up his jacket.
He's got all the options.
He's like, hey, go ahead there.
If I remember correctly, I think-
We'll get you a base 20 promo code.
Frankie, like Bob, Bob texted Frank
and was like, what do you want for the number?
And, you know, Frankie would have gave it to him.
Normally, you know, just a good soldier.
He was like, just get me a Big Mac from McDonald's.
So after practice one day there was a McDonald's bag in there, but the Rolex was in like the burger thing.
No!
Yeah, so it was funny.
That is unbelievable.
I think Frankie posted something about it, it might be, yeah.
Yeah, but just a, you know, fun guy.
So we'll be at the Halifax Sports Charity Dinner Thursday, that'll be a lot of fun.
I love Halifax, great city, great city.
And then you'll be hockey night in Canada.
Who do the Leafs play?
I believe they played Nashville.
I want to say Edmonton might be playing Seattle.
It might be a tough one for the late game slate, but yeah, Toronto.
Hopefully they get some confidence going against Nashville who's kind of
struggled all season and I never really got a chance to dive into it last week
because we got right into the pod, but I got to do trade deadline there too, which
is a blast always going in there and obviously it being the one that it was
with all the crazy news and the late announcement of the Brad Marsha stuff
from Elliott.
I love going there, love working with those guys.
Unfortunately, Ron McLean doesn't do the deadline, but hey, boom, I'm back in the seat with BXA
and the boys and love working with them.
So hockey night in Canada this weekend after that dinner.
And then thank you, thank you, thank you.
And then I don't know where I'm off to after that, because I'm not even back on
I'm not even back on the TNT broadcast.
Yeah, that's Saturday night.
You're at Hawking in Canada, Wings Vegas on ABC primetime, eight o'clock.
That's nice to see tonight to Ottawa, Montreal.
That that's my game to watch to watch tonight.
I can't wait for that one.
It's it's fun this time of year
You know you get through you get through games
45 to 60 65 and then you get this final push we get some good playoff races
So boys we will be back next week great catching up biz once again. Happy birthday Thursday at noon
This is the third week in a row. We had the four nations behind the scenes
This is the third week in a row. We had the Four Nations behind the scenes.
We had the Sandbagger with Bob Stuzz.
And this Thursday, Chickletew is back, baby.
The Golden Gophers, G and Fish crushed it.
So check that out Thursday, noon Eastern.
Any final send-offs from you two?
Oh!
No, I actually want to say thank to Bloom and Blueprint
for throwing on the party.
All my friends for showing up.
And just trying to get the girl's name who runs that.
You laughing, Keith?
Sorry, buddy.
Well, you look, we could shout out Colin Yandel.
Yeah.
How about the Yandel family, Biz?
What happened?
Brian's oldest son, Brian, on Cushing Academy.
They win the New England's.
First time since 98, Keith brought it up last week.
And yesterday, on Sunday, Colin Yandel and Katharine Morrill win the state title. Wow!
Okay, man. Unreal. Colin. Great. The game was unreal. The game was unreal. They won it with 18
seconds left, it was electric. At the Fleet Center it was sick. It was, it looked like a lot of fun.
Wait, did you get in?
Did you go to the game?
No, I, I, I was, uh, I had a chance.
Um, I said, rider, you want to go watch Colin Yando play, uh, for the state title?
Or do you want to go to the St.
Paddy's day parade in situ?
He's like the parade.
And then I was, I told Brian, he's like, no, come on.
I said, rider, Colin Yle wants you at his game.
He goes, tell him I'll watch it on Live Barn.
So he wanted to be at that parade, dude.
He knew candy gets chucked from the floats.
He was all about that noise.
So we missed it.
But I was fired up.
Colin's nasty biz.
Defenseman moves the puck, skates well.
Like he'll play at least college hockey? You think he's going to college?
Oh yeah, he's nice. Real nice. So his team, the Junior Eagles, they're going to nationals.
They have three kids that all played at Rivers. My former college teammate, Freddie Meyer,
played in the NHL a long time. He coached Rivers this year. They have Jay Pandolfo's
son Sam, Freddie's son Carter, and then this other kid Sears they're all going to the National Development Program camp
the 40 guys got invited for NTDP so I don't know if they'll all be there the
next year but Colin Yandle's on that team and so they're gonna try to win a
national unfortunately they're 0-9 so they will not be facing off against the
Little Caesars 2010. I. No, that would be unreal.
I want to go to the 2010 Nationals, by the way, to see Kessler and his team up close
and personal. I've gotten texts from other coaches.
We're going to take them.
That it's crazy. Yeah, let's go.
When is it? I think it's in two or three weeks.
Let's go. Let's go.
If they make it to the finals, let's go.
I'll do a one day trip to go document that.
And I was going to ask, can we document
Colin's college visits with ChickletsU?
See what we can get him.
Yeah, I could call.
Yeah, he would 100 be down with that.
Yeah, get that NIL bag.
Yeah, get him a Trojan deal.
The name here I was looking for was Cassidy Love,
who works with that Bloomin' Blueprint.
And of course, guys, next time you're here,
have you ever stayed at the Global Ambassador with? Like have been to a Z? I was with with you there, but I was with you there
What was it for ice car on your birthday? Okay, so sorry man. There's a
Fuck you guys, so thank you to everybody who came for god damn
Stop giving me I'm like Joey Cole cuts right now.
I can't fucking keep my head straight with you guys chirping me.
I love it. Happy birthday. I'm glad the party's awesome.
Sorry to miss it. Keith, great job.
Folks, thanks for listening.
We love you. We'll see you next week. I don't know any other way, even if I could go away
I don't know any other way, this feeling is so hard to wear
I don't know any other way, even if I could go away I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to break I'll get you someday
