Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spitton Chicklets.
What is up, folks?
Welcome to a very special episode.
Episode 554 of the Spitton Chicklets podcast presented to you by Pink Whitney. Playoffs are right around.
Playoff Pink Whitney.
We're drinking it, we're watching it
during the playoff games, first round, second round,
all the way to the finals, and then to the 4th of July,
we're drinking Pink Whitney.
That's why this podcast is here.
We have to shout them out,
and shout out all of you loyal drinkers,
and people who haven't tried it, give it a shot.
Pink Whitney, that's why we're here.
One of the most incredible sporting events
of my life, gentlemen.
And it's great to talk to you guys.
You think Rory was drinking it?
I was wondering the night Rory had.
I couldn't even imagine it.
We'll get into it.
Biz, what is going on, buddy?
Biz, you're in Atlanta, you're now game mode.
This is game on for you, playoff hockey.
That's how you know, that's how you know the mustache.
The muzzy's back.
The muzzy's back.
Well, we do have one more broadcast on Wednesday.
And who knows?
Maybe the playoff bracket and the matchups
won't even be set by then, because this wild card race
has been fucking nuts.
It's still going on.
But Saturday is playoff opener.
And we'll be hitting the ground running.
I can't wait.
And then for us at TNT, we get a three day break.
So Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, it's on ESPN.
And then that's where the real chaos begins for us.
I think we have days where there's like three,
four games staggered.
Like it'll be full on double chugging Red Bulls.
And we are very, very excited.
But before we get to hockey,
our main man, Yans, was at Augusta.
I'm not the Augusta guy, okay?
Although after-
I almost think you dislike Augusta in a way.
I feel like you're switching.
After watching this past weekend,
I'm back on the Augusta train.
I will say the course looked in immaculate shape.
I've never seen bunkers so white.
First year it looked good.
First year it looked good.
Hey, at this point, still haven't seen a fucking squirrel
though, at this point, if I did get asked to play there,
I would consider going.
I would consider putting my pride aside and going to Augusta
and chopping up that course.
People were saying if you're a regular golfer
and around like a 10 handicap
that you wouldn't be able to break 100.
Yeah, right.
I'd fucking tear that place apart.
I don't know if you could break 200 from their cheese
and on like Sunday pins.
I don't know, 200 you might not be sniffing.
No chance.
That's a big number, but the putting, the water.
Yeah, I think you're 185 over under,
and I'm taking the over.
Come on, I could break, I bet you I could shoot better
at Augusta than I did at Whisperock.
I could break 120 at Augusta.
So JJ Watt played it today, and I believe he shot a 101,
but they played the members' tees.
So I think it's, I'm going to guess,
I don't know, 800 yards, if not a thousand yards shorter. And, and he was pleased with his score, but for you playing the back teas, yeah,
you're over 200. Okay. Right around your playing weight.
If I did play there though, um, with you,
with I would give you the Rory McRoy treatment and not speak to you though,
which was one of the things that came out
after this crazy day of golf.
Now, I'm not really that tuned into golf
and like the last like three, four years,
I don't think I've paid much attention to the Masters,
but after taking a peek at the leaderboard,
I'm not the golf guy, I think I knew 95 of the names.
So I felt like every big golfer in the world
was in the world
was in the hunt after a few days,
and even maybe after Saturday, the leaderboard,
it was just like big name after big name,
and of course, Rory McElroy, who's trying to complete
the sixth player to try to complete the four majors.
He was in the lead going into Sunday.
So I'll hand it over to you and Yanz.
Yanz, you were there what, Thursday?
Hold on, before Yanz goes.
There are people who sometimes don't like golf.
Fast forward 15 minutes right now.
10 to 15 minutes if you don't want the golf talk.
But no, if you do, I got no respect for you.
Because I think that was the greatest sporting event, one of them we've ever witnessed.
But Yanz, take it away first,
cause it was your first experience being there
early in the week where you was blown away by the,
the undulation and the size of the, the force.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
what the fuck does undulation mean?
Up and down baby hills.
Don't worry about it.
You'll know when you play, you can caddy someday there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And first off as, as a honorary going to Augusta guy,
now that you're on the bandwagon biz, we don't want you, we don't want you there.
Yeah. You can, you can,
they wouldn't let me take my phone in. So fuck them. I ain't going.
And I saw a squirrel and I went to go take a picture of it. No phone.
Love did you saw one? No, no, I didn't. Oh, okay.
But, uh, yeah, no, it was cause when we talked on Monday, I hadn't gone over to the course yet actually that day got rained out, we were going to go over
and walk around a little bit.
Um, first off, shout out to my buddy, Frank Marzano, just absolute, the
absolute plug there, like had everything dialed up, had the plane, the houses,
the chefs at the house,
the passes to everything.
The, uh, there was this place that we went to, it was called map and flags.
Maybe the coolest spot ever to, you know, cause it's just outside the gate.
So you can go in and out and, uh, go in there, grab food, there's food everywhere.
You don't have to pay for anything.
There's, there's no lines to go buy stuff in the concessions.
It like, you have your own concession, own concession, your own swag shop.
It was unbelievable.
Is it partly owned by Augusta?
It's owned by Augusta.
So I asked the guy, uh, you know, one of, one of the guys work and recognize
me from the show was like, I was like, what, I was like, what is this place?
Uh, you know, the other 349 days of the year, he said absolutely nothing.
He's like, they don't rent out the equipment.
They don't rent out the space for weddings.
They do absolutely nothing with it.
It's open for seven days a week.
And it's the most beautiful place.
You mean seven days a year.
Yeah.
Seven days a year.
Sorry.
Uh, most beautiful place, like just looks like an awesome clubhouse hang TVs everywhere.
You can't even wear a hat inside that place.
It's so August.
That was great.
Um, but it was honestly with, like, I was thinking about it, like, you know, us
three, we're very, very lucky to.
Ben places that would bend we've been to, you know, super bowl is a lot of beautiful
places you go into these amazing golf courses that we're so lucky to play in at.
And when you walk onto that property, it is the most beautiful, just like
eye-opening experience of your life.
They brainwashed them.
Some of it might have to do with you, where you're not on your phone at all.
You're kind of just taking everything in.
There's, you know, you walk, you walk in, you know, where all the patrons have to
walk in, you know, there's got to be a million people walking every day.
The grass isn't even brown from people walking on it.
I don't know how they keep their grass green.
Spray paint, Biz says.
Yeah.
The concessions being, I mean-
They got the paint rollers the minute you guys step over the...
They must have put Colombian white cocaine in those bunkers because how does sand get
that white?
That doesn't even make sense.
Ryder said, he goes, how is the sand so white, Dad?
I said, that's a great question.
I don't think I'm going to go with your answer about the cocaine from Colombia, but I agree.
I agree.
Once he said it, I'm like, this doesn't make sense.
Even on TV, same thing.
White.
Yeah.
But just the most beautiful place I think I've ever been to probably will ever go to.
Everybody there is so nice and everyone's just in a good mood out there watching golf.
And, you know, you're just walking around following these guys.
My shins still hurt from how much undulation there was in the course.
Like on TV, you don't, you don't notice it as much as, you know, when you're there,
but just, you can't find a piece of grass out of place.
There's nothing like there's whole, there's whole roads underneath that you don't see
that.
So you never see a truck in there that has like the, the TV trucks or the cables.
It's like Disney where everything goes underneath.
You don't see a single, you know,
is that where the Oompa Loompas hide out?
All the people that actually, I can imagine hearing like a big truck backing
up like beep beep beep on the T at like 10 at Augusta.
You don't see anything happening.
No, I mean, it just amazing.
What would you say that the ratio was given it was a golf tournament,
like guys to girls?
I'd say 87 13.
Okay.
Great math.
Interesting.
Yeah, not a lot of, you probably wouldn't like it,
because of the guy to girl ratio,
and if there are girls there,
it's probably guys with their wives,
or girlfriend or whatever,
but I mean, you're not there for that.
It's just, you're strictly there to just watch other people play golf,
which sounds crazy to do.
We were lucky enough.
We got to play sage Valley wit, which was 15 minutes down the road.
Maybe the nicest chorus I've ever played.
Just beautiful, same type thing.
Hilly amazing, uh, you know, set up a trip.
This is unbelievable.
I was, I couldn't ask for a better of Fame trip. This is a... No, it was unbelievable. That was big time.
Couldn't ask for a better trip.
Yeah.
It was truly amazing.
Met some amazing, amazing guys.
Big dogs all over the world that you get to learn from these guys.
One guy's selling airport planes.
Other guy, it's just...
He brought in his world of people and I was very fortunate to be a part of it and couldn't thank him enough for it.
That's awesome.
The tournament ended up being, I think the craziest Masters that I can remember.
Obviously there's recency bias, but the Sunday was out of control.
And going into it, as you mentioned, all the leaders, all the people on the leaderboard, stars, and Rory's leading.
And can this guy do it? He blew it in 2011 there, four shot lead
going to the back nine.
And then he doubles the first hole.
Now did you guys watch the whole round?
Oh yeah.
Okay.
I was trying to do the TNT broadcast,
but I could barely pay attention.
Like you wanna talk about undulation,
his scorecard had a lot of undulation.
Ups and downs.
That was a full-fledged roller coaster ride
that round that he had.
Roller coaster of emotions.
He blew it three times basically.
I mean he blew it on one and then he got it back.
And then 13, like he hits these shots,
he's 220 yards, he'll hit a seven iron a mile in the air and landed it,
like barely rolls out.
Impossible shots that like five people in the world
can hit.
And then on 13, he's got the big lead.
It's a legit like, biz, you could make the shot.
Like it's 85 yard with five miles of green left,
water right, just don't miss it right.
And he drops it in the drink. I was like, oh my God. And then I started thinking,
I'd never want to see... He choked at the US Open, if you want to say choked. He's had all these
misses and close calls and he never gets it done. And now it's become this storyline. I was like,
oh my God, I was sick to my stomach. This guy's going to do this again. And then he
bogeys the next hole. I actually was nauseous. I was like, I don't want to see this happen
to this guy. And then he makes this insane shot. To hit that shot on 15 and have it land
like that. And he had already done it on Friday as well, where he's hitting these
majestic long irons and then no one else can hold the green.
He's hitting it to eight feet, whatever he birdies it, gets it back.
All he has to do, he's got to get to 18 and make a par and he hits the perfect drive.
And you're like, this guy did it.
It's in the bunker.
Another shot visits.
I mean, this is 125 yards yards but the easiest for him this is getting out of bed
brushing your teeth for people who brush their teeth and then actually just
going on with your day no issues and the easiest shots in the world he can't do
it and then he misses this pot once again I'm nauseous. So you just mentioned the U S open.
That's where he also missed a very easy makeable pot. Like three, four.
Okay. Two of them. Oh, and, and, and, and on 18,
like he didn't even lip it out. He just missed the hole completely.
Yeah. Not even. Yeah. And for him,
like he's at least got to hit the
hole a little bit, right? Did you think he was gonna make or miss that?
Because in my mind, I was like, I think he might miss this. No.
Oh, I thought the one that he missed, I thought for sure he was making it. I was
gonna shut the TV off. When I saw him walk off the green and the way
that he handled himself, knowing that he was going into a playoff against Rose,
when he leaned over and he kissed his daughter,
I sent the tweet out, I go, he's gonna win this.
I just felt like it gave him perspective
and it brought him back to the moment.
He walked off.
And the thing that sucks too, right,
is by the time he walks off there
to the time you're teeing off again is what, 40 minutes?
It felt, I think it was probably around 15-ish. It felt long though, like he was standing,
I think he was waiting for Rose on the tee. Yeah, he was. But by the end, he then hits that shot,
and what his caddy said to him going off 18 was incredible. I thought he said listen if you told us Monday
We were going to a playoff for this thing
we would have taken it every single time and
That's pretty sick for a caddy who's been chirped because all these you know golf media fans
Or it's his best friend that they grew up golfing together. I think I'm sure the guy was a sick golf for himself, but
It's not like a professional caddy, right? People would
always say like he has his friend on the bag. Well, he came he came in pretty
clutch there to like really calm him down. I agree with us seeing his daughter.
Oh shit, they were like you're saying like golf media was basically trying to
talk him off his caddy. Kind of like Tiger had the guy with the mustache for
a while and then he ended up moving on
Pass him you're saying that people were trying to pressure him into changing and he's stuck by his guy
I yeah, I heard something that he met him on a on a putting green when he was seven years old, right?
Yeah, how did their club just just like I think that then they then played golf together there
I saw a video of those on Twitter today Rory was playing in a pro golf tournament, he turned 16 two weeks prior, and this kid was on the bag. It was
the first, like, I think he played in the Irish Open. So that kind of gets to my point
of why this was just so incredible to watch and like emotional for so many different people,
all these different reasons that this guy was this prodigy and
everything came so easy to him and he had it. He had everything but the masters, he had four majors,
and he's at the top of the world. And then 10 years go by. And in the 10 years, not only did you
probably plan on winning four or five more of them, you didn't just not win, you were blowing it when
you had the chance. He probably never had much adversity growing up.
And then now it's not just two, three years, it's got to 10 years.
And then the one he needs for the Grand Slam, he's just come so close to blowing it, or
he has blown it on 18, but he goes and hits that shot.
I don't think I could think of a more, someone with more relief than
when he won. Like it was true relief. And his emotions walking the, it was sick how CBS,
I think it was six straight minutes, barely a word said by Jim Nance and the camera just
following him and it looked like he was having like a breakdown in a good way. Just like,
I can't believe this happened.
It finally happened.
Like the weight of the world off his shoulders.
I was so happy for him and I've kind of flip-flopped on him a little bit.
But in the end, when it came down to him having a chance,
I couldn't help but really root for him.
I think someone said it on TV yesterday that like he's been over in the US for so long.
Like US has kind of adopted him as a, as our own and biz like we were sitting
at lunch a couple of weeks ago and you know, he's one of the best golfer, if not
the best golfer in the world, he comes up to our table, bunch of nobodies and
introduces himself, says hello, talks to us for 10 minutes.
Like the guy that doesn't need to do that.
So I think he's a very easy guy to root for.
I, I, as much as I, you know, I'm fine with those guys going to live and making
their money, what him playing on the PGA tour, what that's meant to him and, you
know, the pride that he has for it, like we do with the NHL it's like, when
someone has that much pride in their, their sport and what they do and how they
want to, you know, you always hear it in the NHL, leave the Jersey in a better
spot, like he's doing that for his own, the
golf league and he's not part of a team.
He's an individual, but just the guy that's
so easy to root for who maybe had one of the
biggest glow ups of all time too.
Like some of his pictures back in the day,
he was not looking that handsome and now
it did like he's, he's getting better and
better.
Yeah, he's exfoliating.
How about wit, how about wit going on PMT saying, you know, if I have a film, it's going
to come down to the 18th hole, he's going to have a five foot of putt and
it might go to overtime and it happened.
Wow.
What do you call that?
Well, no, I, by calling it, I'm just basically saying like, what would
be the craziest moment possible?
That's why the tournament, the Sunday, the amount of swings,
biz, you said the roller coaster and this guy, Justin Rose, he's like 44 years old.
Nails.
He made 10 birdies on Sunday's round.
Like one on 18 to force it, right?
Yeah.
18 to force it.
And then very classy, like at the end. I also thought it was cool that Shane Lowry, who's from Ireland and Rory's good
buddy, he was in the hunt.
And then Saturday afternoon, I think people are asking him, like, you think
Rory can get it done tomorrow?
And he's like, enough questions about Rory.
I'm trying to win the tournament too.
And I get it.
Like, and then after Rory really kind of broke down when he saw him and they gave,
they gave this hug, you're just like, this guy just finally got it done.
Like to see somebody's dreams come true after the grind, the resiliency he showed, it was
incredible.
Then, Lowry was saying to reporters after, this is all he cared about.
This is all he talked about.
This is all he thought about.
Then you get to just
witness it all. It was incredible drama. I couldn't, I couldn't, that tournament was,
I think that tournament and then Tiger winning, I can't really get mad that there's been some
duds in there with finishes that weren't right down to the wire because that one just made up for
however many years you want.
You're talking about 2019 when nobody thought Tiger was going to ever win another major
and he won it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was a very special moment and I would put this up there exactly with that.
I'm not a big golf fan, but that was one of the best sporting events I've ever watched
all day and paid attention to.
I agree, I couldn't be happier for the guy. And like just to put yourself in the history book.
So was I right?
He becomes the sixth guy to win all of them,
all four majors, right?
To think that-
First European, first European to do it.
To think that the only one,
he'll go down as the best European golfer of all time.
The only guy to, no one has ever won them all four
in the same year, but Tiger has held all four trophies
in consecutive order, is that true?
Did Tiger have?
I think he got three, and then he got the Masters
for his Grand Slam too.
Wow, that is fucking nuts to own all four trophies
at the same time, like be the guy, that's fucking crazy.
But a great day for sports,
and I don't really have much else on the golf front,
but like I said, Augusta, back in my good graces.
Let's just go that way.
No, we don't want you.
We don't want you.
What do you mean?
Oh, you're part of the cult now,
because you went, so you have a say?
Oh yeah, what did you have to do?
You have to give up your first born for that? I'm happy all of them. Oh
You love scenery and and and all these landscapes like you would go there and you'd be singing its praises
No, you'd actually be the annoying guy like look at that hill on seven
Look at that. You'd end up loving it
more than any of us. So it wasn't, it wasn't all good news. Watching Rory win for myself
because Saturday night in a heartbreaking game, Boston University lost in the national
title game versus Western Michigan. Shout out Western Michigan. First national title. I
think they showed the other national titles the school had
had. It was like 1956, 1957 cross country. So they had a big talk about a glow up.
Oh, they won it that year?
Yeah, they got it done that year. Maybe 66, 67. That's what it was. And then boom,
you fast forward to 2020.
I ran cross country in high school.
Did you?
Or no grade school, end of grade school. Excuse me.
Really? Was that all based on like trying to get in shape for hockey? in high school. Or no, grade school, end of grade school, excuse me. Believe it or not.
Was that all based on trying to get in shape for hockey?
I just like to run.
I was a good runner.
I still am a good runner.
Even though I don't do it a crazy amount,
I can just pick up and, I mean, remember last summer
when I was sending you guys my times and shit?
I'd go like 9K, just hopping right back into it.
So I don't think we need to get in the cross country talk.
We might lose all of our fans.
But congrats to Western Michigan.
And we actually are gonna bring on Murls.
Because he was there with the Game Notes crew.
Bernali was there.
What's up Murr?
Nothing, I can't thank you guys enough.
About two weeks ago, you guys just lay into the Game Notes
guys that we know nothing about college hockey. since then last week's episode we get head coach of
Western Michigan Pat Fersheweiler on and then this week we get the Hobie Baker
winner on as well so thank you for blowing us up we're the hottest thing in
college hockey right now but just just an incredible, incredible weekend in St. Louis.
You sound like you had an incredible weekend.
Yeah, these meet and greets, you guys know.
Not bad for Murls.
You guys know how the meet and greets go.
You're there for an hour and a half.
You're talking over everybody.
There's a couple guys with too much pink Whitney.
And then what really got us, we sat basically
in a fan section, like student section of Western Michigan, the
Barackos, and it was the Lawson Lunatics they call themselves. And it was just
going nuts. Sorry, Whit, but we're celebrating six goals, yelling, screaming,
high-fiving. So yeah, the voice is gone and I spent the whole day on the
airplanes today getting the family back here to Albany, New York.
That's a grind of a flight home. Two flights with the kids.
But you-
Sick kids, we're all sick.
I'm rubbing noses the whole time, just giving out snacks.
It's just, it's a grind.
So whoever was sitting next to you guys, they're screwed.
People are gonna, they're gonna blame allergies,
but it's like, no, we were next to the Murley's actually
on the flight home.
But Western Michigan seemed like the the dominant team right I think BU had a great beginning of a third period
They had a bunch of chances goalie stood on his head
But they were the deserving champs this year
And I didn't know if you had known much about them going into the season
I didn't at all and then you see what they're doing so kind of explain their run and how good they were throughout the tourney
Yeah, I didn't think anything of them going into the season,
but as this season kept going on, they just kept winning.
And they were scoring tons of goals.
I want to say they were the third highest scoring team
or second highest scoring team in the nation.
And I just kept waiting for them to fall out of my top 10.
I'm waiting for them to lose.
But they just kept winning, knocking everybody down.
And then as I got into learning about this coach, you just hear him.
He's an alumni.
He's just a leader of men.
And, uh, I really felt confident with them going in into the frozen four, but
the first game Thursday night, and if you guys are watching old Denver, that
Denver act again, they were getting dominated 37 shots, right?
Seven shots or something.
But that kid, Matt Davis, he was doing it again.
And next thing you know, it's two two.
We're like, holy shit, they're gonna do it again.
They're gonna steal this whole tournament again.
But luckily Western Michigan got that game done.
And then BU I thought was in control the whole time
against Penn State.
But that set up the finals.
But to go back to Thursday the crowd was light
There wasn't a lot of people there
There was there was a lot of empty seats the first game going to double overtime made it really long a late night
so kids got to go home and
So we were really kind of scared about a championship game
But Western Michigan it was six hours away in Kalamazoo and like you were saying they've never won anything
Michigan it was six hours away in Kalamazoo and like you were saying they've never won anything so the alumni from all over the world drove down flew down
to get there and it was the home game for them it was incredible they were all
at the fan fest before you know we go to those fan fest and you shoot the Pox and
you do a face painting and the bands were there the only people we saw for
BU was your pep band there was very few few BU fans. It was just all barracos. I feel St. Louis, an NHL town, they loved the
Blues, the Cardinals. I don't know about that spot for a Frozen 4. Maybe, I think
it's probably, you know, helping out a city that started really producing some
good players, youth hockey wisewise and the junior blues.
But for yeah, BU alumni, I heard it wasn't great.
And then when I saw that it was driving distance,
the crowd looked like it was 90 Western Michigan.
Yeah, it was great.
They had their pep band, they had cheerleaders.
You're walking through the concourse,
everybody was Broncos.
I ran into a kid, Matt Adessa,
his dad was actually the RPI coach when they won it here in 85 and he comes running. Murls! And I haven't
seen this guy. I played junior B. Remember the Boston junior Bulldogs?
That was his dad ran that team and I went to one game with them. He was my
roommate. So we caught up. I completely forgot. He went to Western Michigan but
really really cool. Thank God it was them in the finals because
otherwise it would have been brutal there in St. Louis. Like there would have
been nobody at that final. I think one thing they were missing was the casual
hockey fan. Like so many of these trips and we learned it a few years ago when
we started going was there's guys trips. There's so many guys that go on these
guys trips. It's one time a year all the boys from college get to get back
together again and St. Louis just isn't that type of city. It's one time a year. All the boys from college get to get back together again.
And St. Louis just isn't that type of city. It's not the easiest city to get to.
It's not a destination city, especially when you have Vegas next year.
You had Tampa two years ago.
You have Minnesota College Hockey City, Boston College Hockey City.
So I think, wait, you said it perfectly.
St. Louis is a St. Louis Blues city.
They're an NHL city.
Their fans don't know about college hockey.
Their casual fans don't follow college hockey.
So I think that was the difficult part.
What happens? Do they just, does a city bid for it?
Like how does it end up there?
Well, I believe the St. Louis blues, like VP, uh, went to UVM and he bid on it,
is what I was told.
Yeah. It was the weirdest thing that Vermont was the host school somehow.
They were?
They were.
St. Louis, their logo was everywhere around the complex and everything.
It was crazy.
But I mean the rest of St. Louis was awesome.
We went to a barbecue spot.
It was probably the best food I've ever had in my life.
We were down around in, what do they call it, Ballpark Village?
Around near the baseball stadium? There's all
these little restaurants and you know, they're kind of like the
Cubs where they have some restaurants with seats in them
to watch into the baseball game. So it's a fun vibe for sports
to get to get down there and then some great restaurants,
some great places like this one. I think Yans you were talking
about this spot.
Oh, what's it called again?
OB Clarks. Oh, OB Clarks.ans, you were talking about this spot. Oh, what's it called again?
O.B. Clarks.
O.B. Clarks, yeah, they brought the cup there
when they won it, that's a pretty famous local joint.
Who did Western Michigan have,
because like, you see, Bouillon was with the Denver team,
you guys had Iserman on BU, who's probably gonna make
the next step at some point, I think his draft year,
what, was last year and hugged last year?
Did did Western Michigan have any studs who could maybe end up reaching to the NHL or no?
Yeah, so I'll give you a little nugget you guys won't believe this they had zero players getting NIL money
I mean so not a single guys getting money. They all want to be there. Just there they're gonna change right yeah it's he didn't say that they're actually getting a new rank
they're clearing four city blocks to build this thing this is gonna have a
game rank I think practice 350 million dollars they're spending it's insane
he said they're saying yes to everything they they aren't being told no okay but
one of their players is other captain was Tim Washi Is that how you say gee Washi he just signed with anaheim and he'll be more
I think of probably like a third line player
Maybe get called up to the top six
But just like a grinder leader and I feel like a lot of their players are like that
Their goalie was is a star young kid and the bump what's a the bump?
Alex bump, baby. Yeah, so he's a star too. in the bump. What's the bump kid? Alex bump, baby.
Yeah, so he's a star too, but for the most case,
it's just a well-coached, well-oiled machine
like we see every year.
Middle of the group in the age, gee,
they weren't super old, but they're clearly not young,
like B.U.
Is that why all their fans had signs
that said no lines, only bumps?
Okay, that's cool that's
cool I like that I'm on the west Michigan train I think so yeah yeah we
both sure I don't think the people operating the camera knew what they were
referring to they just thought they were giving their goalie a little tire pump
how was Boo-Yum like he was he buzzing out there yeah he played uh what was it
30 minutes 30 minutes or something in the one game just ridiculous it was I keep was he buzzing out there. Yeah, he played uh, what was it?
38 minutes 38 minutes or something in the one game just ridiculous. It was 65 of the game I think they said it would be in a regular 60 minute game, but he was flying around
He looked like he always does he's good, but they they just played horrible the whole team played horrible
They they got complete diamond. They had seven breakaways
It was I know two to one or two nothing
They had seven breakaways in a row and Davis stopped them all to keep a minute seven seven
Three of them were on when they were on the power play. Oh
He was incredible. He was down. He's sick. He's I thought a pretty interesting stat too was first
We got a shout out Owen Michaels. He was the frozen for MVP
But when you go back and look at frozen for MVPs
I believe only one in the past 10 years has been drafted.
Which kind of just goes to our overall point
about college hockey, how the teams that win every year
are the older, heavier, junior, senior teams,
not the teams that are loaded with first round picks.
It's the same thing every year.
It's a Quinnipiac.
It's the...
They're 27, 28 years old, they have families. They got to feed their families.
They have 401ks. They're like dad strength. But I don't think we're that old. I mean,
21.3 was the average age.
So will the Hudson on BU make the next step or is he going back to college?
The one brother just signed with Edmonton, the forward.
And then the small little D, he's Washington's property.
I haven't heard of what he's doing yet.
I've been told he's going back to BU next year.
And wait, BU sounds like they're going to be a wagon next season with all the transfers
they got coming in.
Yeah.
They might have a higher salary cap than the Bruins next year.
Oh, buddy,
you should. The Bruins got 26 million. They might beat the Bruins. The Bruins got their
own issues. The Bruins. Yeah, the Grinnellis boys are in one. I think that BUs like just
Pando set up this amazing culture there. Guys want to play for them. And it's incredible
to see what they've done. And yeah, play for them. And it's incredible to see what
they've done. And yeah, Western Michigan, I thought they were going to tie it up. I really did.
The guys, I even got a one-timer. That kid just scores basically every game. And goalie made an
incredible save, but it did suck that it started that late. I was kind of, I was kind of, I mean,
granted that it went to double OT, I got to watch all the BU games because we were in the mini golf
competition, but I couldn't believe it was gonna start that late,
like Eastern Standard Time.
Murls, my question, Isaac Howard, you got him on game notes.
He then wins the Hobie Baker,
and he confirms to you guys that he's not leaving,
and that there was basically an issue.
They weren't seeing eye to eye,
his representation in Tampa.
Well, Tampa's got 100K left in salary to spend next year,
so they're jammed up against the cap.
That's not saying they can't get something done
at the draft or move somebody off the book
so they can eventually sign this guy, though, right?
Yeah, the Iceman, you remember him,
the draft we were at, he wore the white suit,
and then with his follow-up question,
he's like, yeah, I'm the hottest guy in the draft
or something like that. And like, no lies detected. He's like, yeah, I'm the hottest guy in the draft or something like that.
And like,
no lies detected.
He's like, I probably shouldn't have said that.
So he is pretty humble kid.
He didn't seem cocky like that in our interview at all.
And he just said it, he's like,
Tampa and I, we didn't see eye to eye.
There was a couple of issues.
We have a great place to develop.
You guys saw it in the Chicletju, the Michigan State.
It's an NHL facility.
So he's not like taking a step back.
He's going somewhere to develop, get bigger, get stronger.
Their goalie's coming back, they made some transfers,
so they're gonna be looking at a national championship
again, and if he can't get anything done with Tampa,
he becomes a free agent on, I think, August 1st, right?
I could take a page out of Leonard's book
and go back and dominate again.
I think one thing, too, from that could take a page out of Leonard's book and go back and dominate again.
I think one thing too from that interview right before we started it, the Detroit, I
think it was the Detroit Free Press released an article about Isaac Howard's heart and
then he has a heart condition that no one really knew about that it was discovered at
the combine a few years ago.
So when we asked Ike about it, he said that is a big reason he's going back to Michigan
State because they found it at the scouting combine.
He went to Duluth. They basically told him it was OK. And then when he went
to Michigan State, they basically like, you're not OK. Like you need to have a surgery right
now where they took out veins like from his from his leg and like put them into his heart.
And yeah, he said going back to Michigan State, a big part of that is because of the doctors
and how the doctors have been treating him with his heart Which is super interesting that you disclose that information to us
So rather than just like because because as of right now it seems like tampa was saying yeah
We're gonna sign you but like every prospect you're gonna go down and earn your spot in the roster
We can't guarantee you that you're gonna get nhl games and get called up right away where
Listen like you see the situation with Cutter Goche and all these
other guys where the NHL has gotten so young and there's probably 10 teams in the league
that would be starving to have this kid on the roster next year.
So the leverage kind of to him, if he goes back to school at the end of next year, would
he be like re-draft eligible?
Would his window be done or would he still be the rights of Tampa Bay at the end of next season?
August. It's in August he'll be able to sign a free agent.
So he wouldn't be able to play in the playoffs next season, so he wouldn't really be able to see the NHL for two years now.
Okay.
But another big part of it too is he talked about this-
Why couldn't he play in the playoffs next season?
Because he can't sign until Augustust unless his rights are traded beforehand
He could play unless they're traded this year at the draft to another team and then in that case
At that point they could then sign him and then who knows maybe he ends up in the nhl next year
Well, yeah almost like a similar situation to adam fox where adam fox was like i'm not signing with you
So either trade me now and get something for me or I'm leaving.
You know what I mean?
Right. He did that with who?
Calgary or Carolina, right?
It was Carolina. OK, all right.
And another interesting thing with Isaac Howard, too, is Will Moorlach.
Will Moorlach was head of strength and conditioning at the U.S.
National Program. When Nightondale, the coach, went to Michigan State,
he brought Moorlach with
him. So when Isaac Howard transferred, he said, I feel the best place for me to develop
and get better is with Will Moorlach at the national program. So it's the strength and
conditioning and in Nightondale as well.
And I would probably argue that like the top programs in college are way better to develop
than in the American Hockey League,
eating soggy subs, like playing 72 games.
It's a grind, dude.
It's a grunt.
And also-
Yeah, but it gets you ready for pro hockey.
I mean, I think it's an argument either way.
Like, you're playing more games,
you're kind of learning what it's like to play in pro
and go through that grind.
You have to do it at some point. So you're developing, I think still, but yeah, you're
talking strength in the gym, right?
Yeah. Strength in the gym. And also like the American hockey league has gotten so young
now too, man. Like the, like it's, it's not what it once was. Like there's no more Elaine
Nazardine 32 year old defenseman. Like you're like, oh, this guy's like my dad.
Like it's more of like, oh, you're 28, 29.
Oh, you're a Wiley veteran.
Meanwhile, the guy's just growing pubes for the first time.
So it's kind of like you get just as many older players
in college now for fuck's sake.
So I don't know.
I went to that Ontario rain,
well, the Manchester Monarch's 10 year anniversary.
Like when you go watch college hockey
and the AHL, it's not that much of separation
in my opinion.
Yeah, there's a few guys, but the good players
are getting called up if they're young enough anyway.
So I don't know, that's just kind of my opinion on that.
Yeah, and he was a huge surprise.
Basically all weekend while we were there,
everybody's telling us Leonard's gonna win it,
Leonard's gonna win it.
Even as we're interviewing him, I kind of didn't even talk too much about Hobie because
like he's not winning this thing.
And I ran into Bucci afterwards and he's the one that read the thing and he was just as
shocked.
He couldn't figure out why his name was on there.
Like where's the other names?
Like what is going on here?
It was shocking to all of college hockey that he took it ahead of Leonard.
And there was some tin foil hat guys like you Biz
that were saying part of it was cause Howard,
he announced he was coming back,
maybe got some late votes because they liked the guy
returning and they can use him again
in college hockey as a, as a hobby guy.
Wow.
So, I mean, for what do you guys think?
You're the college hockey experts.
Do you think Leonard got screwed?
I think so.
Like I, he was the best player,
the most talked about player.
The only thing with the Hobie,
there is some stuff that sometimes it's off ice.
If you do some charity work or different things like that.
So I didn't dig into it too much like that,
but I was just too busy picking the national championship winner for everybody biz
You know just giving out a lot. She didn't pick BU once and then he does and they lose so oh
I mean that's pretty easy to explain right there, and I knew it
I saw when he was gonna root for him. I we don't want you. I told you
Jumped right off right after he said it. He's been rooting for BC for two years, and then all of a sudden he's rooting for BU
You've been rooting for BC for two years, and then all of a sudden he's rooting for BU.
Overall, a very successful college hockey season though.
Another year of growth, another year of a first time winner.
Butch across tweeted, it was his 12th frozen four,
and I believe six of them are first time winners
in school program history.
So that's nice, I mean that's parody.
I mean what are we at right now 68 teams G
Do you know I thought of 64? Yeah, I saw 64 as well
Well, and one more thing great for college hockey the rumor boys are hearing Gavin McKenna to Michigan
The rumor boys are here. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Did you see that?
Yeah, that was insane. That goal was... I'm still confused by it.
Yeah, that was like, uh, two fouls.
That was hot sauce from the mix and one mixtape tour.
Like he can't go back with the black NHL next year.
It's too easy for him.
Gee, I completely agree with you.
That kid, I think it would be nuts.
It's a joke for him every game.
He gets five points every game
I can't go back there and that's a prime example of why they needed to open it up where you can go play junior
Develop at the ages of I did it was he a double underage or was he playing at 15 this year?
He's a double underage. I think what no last year. He was last year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, holy shit
I was gonna say if he's fucking fuckin' pullin' off those moves
as a double underage or check his birth certificate.
Poor D-Man.
Aw, yeah, he got posterized.
But, okay, well good for him,
and that pretty much wraps up the college hockey,
and we're 40 minutes in, boys,
it's time to get to the big boys.
Yep, a lot of discussion on non-NHL,
which is kinda crazy considering we're there. It's just
about go time, but all these things happen. So we had to address them, but we got a wild card race
all of a sudden. I believe close, maybe three weeks ago, I was like, oh, it sucks. We already know the
eight teams. Well, Gary's like this. The Columbus Blue Jackets didn't hear Nobel, right?
The Blues all of a sudden, they were in, they lose like four in a row.
What's happening there?
The Wild get Kaprizov back, they get Ericsson back, they both have 14 goals combined against
the Sharks in that game that they won 7-6.
And now you're sitting there and Calgary, they didn't hear Nobel.
Dustin Wolf.
So the scenario, I'm going to throw it to
you, but basically the scenario is tonight, as you're listening Tuesday, St. Louis has to win
against Utah and Minnie has to beat Anaheim. It'll be Zeev Bouiem's first game for the wild too.
Pretty exciting that he's getting in the lineup. If they don't get the win, one of them,
Calgary could keep this thing ripping.
Where do you think, what do you think's gonna happen, Biz,
and how excited are you to see
at least the last couple games matter?
I think that Minnesota and St. Louis are gonna hold serve.
I mean, it would just be devastating to see St. Louis
go on a 13-game winning streak.
I believe it was
12 franchise record. They lost the 13th and then, and then fumble it down the stretch.
If I had to say no offense to Minnesota wild fans, I think I'd rather see St. Louis make
it than Minnesota. If one of them drops out now, now they have been boring to watch, but
you get Eric's neck back and Capri soft. That also kind of changes things out. Now, now they have been boring to watch, but you get Eric Sinek
back and Kaprizov, that also kind of changes things too, because Kaprizov's worth the price
of admission. So if they both hold serve, great. Want to see what Minnesota can do.
Don't necessarily trust them in that first round series, but it would be cool to see
Calgary sneak in. Dustin Wolf obviously obviously back in the Calder conversation,
still think it's Lane Hudson's trophy.
But that would mean six of seven Canadian teams
make the playoffs.
The only team who would not make it would be Vancouver.
Now, now, that's saying if Montreal holds serve,
because there is a snowball's chance and hell chance that Columbus ends up sneaking in if Montreal holds serve, because there is a snowball's chance and hell chance
that Columbus ends up sneaking in
if Montreal doesn't secure a point tonight,
and that's their easiest game, right?
Who are they playing?
They're playing Chicago.
And here's the thing.
But if they don't, they gotta play Carolina, right?
Yes, and do you remember two years ago,
remember Pittsburgh was in, because they had Chicago at home.
You guys remember that game?
Oh, yes.
Hey, Pittsburgh just got to beat Chicago at home while they're in.
And then the Islanders snuck in.
So Chicago, I tweeted out that tonight is.
Probably not that far off from USA, Canada atmosphere in the Bell Center.
They're looking to get in the playoffs and it's demodob's first
The news came that he's in he's coming murls as the Russia guy
Like is it are we hearing is everything correct in that the expectations are Kuturov Capri soft?
Like he broke all their records at at that age the under what is he considered, a U-20 player in the KHL.
He broke all their scoring records.
And some people will come to you right away and be like,
well, they're playing a few extra games now.
He did it in the same number of games as those guys did it.
He's incredible.
You know, you remember when we were in Montreal,
they already had them on the banners
for the season ticket sales.
Did you see him enter the airport in Toronto?
All the people are outside.
I guess this guy is the next coming of Christ for Montreal Canadian fans.
And everything I've seen, the highlights, I'll catch a SKA game every now and
again, and every time he's out there, he's a difference maker at that age.
You know, the league's not an easy league. So yeah, I expect him to be exactly like Kaprizov.
Is it fair to say, he looks so silky and smooth when he's skating out there. Is Kovalev a
good comparison? Just because, I just feel like the way that he moves looks like that video
We saw that kid in college where like the head wasn't moving and it almost looked like it was AI
Generated where it's just like well
How come is like the middle of his body and his head aren't moving when he's moving his arms around and he's doing those
Things all around his body. He looked like McKenna on fucking on acid out there. Like that's where this kid is at.
So we're kind of getting this Russian invasion
right before playoffs.
I mean, we've been talking about Ovi the whole season
with the goal chase, but now this guy's coming over.
Nakeshin, he's coming over.
He got clearance too.
So the expectations boys, like I don't know
if they're unrealistic, but they're super high
in Montreal for this kid coming in.
So we are gonna try to break down that series, even though it's not 100 locked in.
If things do change, we'll come back Friday because we're doing two a week now, folks,
and we'll do it if Columbus ends up somehow sneaking in.
Yeah, we're going to address and re kind oflook at the series if Columbus ends up getting in.
I think Montreal gets it done tonight.
As you're listening, you'll know if I'm correct or not.
Might have just mushed them, but I think they get it done.
It'd be a hell of a story to see them in.
Columbus, I also respect the hell out of the season that they're having.
They were done and then they went on to win four in a row to get back in the mix. I think four in a row. So we'll get to the previews. We will
re-preview whoever's Washington playing if Columbus pulls off the upset and the miracle.
But we're going to start, and Murals is involved in this, with the Edmonton Oilers and the
LA Kings round four. We don't know exactly quite yet who has home ice. It looks like the Kings
will be able to secure that. They play this evening.
That's trouble for you, Witty. That's the best home record in the league right now.
The Oilers right now, I mean, they're kind of in shambles. I mean, unless they're just
completely resting guys and it's all precautionary, They're sending out lists every day of who's in,
who's out, who's probable for game one,
but we got crushing news.
And that is Matthias Ekholm is out at minimum
for the first round.
I saw a report that it said for the rest of the year
and then I don't think that's been solidified
as necessarily truth,
but no matter what first round you don't have him, I know everyone who maybe doesn't watch Edmonton saw him in the finals last year
But for people who see Oilers games this guy is their number one horse. He is a beast
He's better offensively than people think plays first pair shuts guys down like I don't know
Realistically be like Vegas losing Petro
down like I don't know realistically. It'd be like Vegas losing Petro. That's where he's at. And I think Petro overall is a little better but that's a perfect analogy to the team. That's what
he is. G sent this over to the group text today. Let's go top to bottom here. Ekholm won't play in
the first round. No exact timeline. Wallman, the guy they traded for at the deadline to help out
in the back end. He's day to day expecting to play game one.
Well, we'll see.
Hyman McDavid, they're not playing tonight,
which is Monday right now, playing it extremely safely.
Dreisaitl, questionable for Wednesday,
definitely expected game one.
Trent Frederick, not playing.
So, lot of question marks in that lineup.
And even if most of them do end up,
the fact that they haven't been getting reps together
leading in the way that LA has,
does that not scare both of you,
including you, Myrles, who've been calling
this LA team fraud all season long?
Like, would you not look like the biggest clown
in the world calling them frauds
and then knocking off a cup favorite round one?
Like, come on here.
Yeah, well, that goes back.
I did it at the beginning of the year
when they were winning all the time
and I watched a couple road games.
I'm like, they are not a good hockey club.
And then just knowing how the playoffs work,
it's Edmonton or Vegas they have to beat.
So I felt pretty confident they won't be
either one of those teams until
I see this Edmonton injury list.
So it is not gone as planned.
Yes, Vegas is the best team as planned.
I assumed Edmonton would have the home ice,
would have all their bodies.
I do not feel good missing Ekholm.
He's nasty to play against.
He clears out the front.
And Dry Saddle not being in probably the best condition.
And McDavid, although McDavid was flying around
the other night
He looked in top. Oh, he's fine. He's fine. He's been lighting it up
I would have been fine with those two guys like missing the time and jumping in but without at home and now some of these
Other guys I did think I did see a Vander Cane's gonna play or no wit a Vander Cane
They really haven't said they're they're kind of probable and I saw one reporter say he looks completely normal out there and all of a sudden dude
That's a that's a game changer just physicality after the whistle shit
What sucks is guys like Frederick they've Frederick got hurt six seconds into the game. He came back. It's like
That's just brutal luck dry saddle came back. He got hurt at home came back left right away
So they've tried to give it a go,
which makes me think that Ekholm's probably in one.
If he came back and it was gone that quick,
same with Fredrick.
You know those ankles, dude.
I mean, you're talking to Mr. Weak Ankle.
I'm the weakest ankle.
I'm an 85-year-old ankle.
And so I know when you come back
and you just keep tweaking it and tweaking it, having said all that,
I'm still pretty confident.
I think the more I think about it,
dude we have Leon and Connor, sorry man,
there is no, you guys,
Who are you guys starting that?
Bifield's great, Fiala's great, what?
Who are you guys gonna start in that?
We're gonna start Stuart Skinner. He led us to the finals last great, Fiala's great, what? Who are you guys gonna start in that?
We're gonna start Stuart Skinner.
He led us to the finals last year, game seven.
Oh yeah, okay.
And Kemper has been awesome.
Biz.
Kemper's been fucking incredible, bro.
I just said awesome.
He should be a top three Vezna candidate.
I just said awesome.
Let the man speak, Biz.
We'll get to the Kings.
We'll get to the Kings.
And the Kings have talent
60 point 70 point guys, buddy
You don't have 97 and 29 and when you get some power plays and you get those guys going and we win a game on the road
Boom, we have home ice and we control our destiny and it's four years in a row
Am I as nervous as I've been no doubt?
But I thought about it more. I thought about it more. I'm like, they're not using the Kings.
All right.
And no who knows more than all of us all the time are those guys out in the desert right now Draft King sportsbook
Edmonton Oilers minus 135 to win the series LA Kings plus 115. So last year I think they were 250 though.
So big difference, Biz.
I like the well-balanced lineup.
If there was any question of scoring goals early in the year, yeah, Quinton Bifield off
to a slow start.
He's been great in the second half.
Moore's been a little bit better offensively in the second half.
They get Kuzmenko over where I thought that was almost like a prayer shot.
Well, it's fucking worked.
I think he's got near 20 points as he come over at the deadline
So all of a sudden they have this well balanced lineup and I think that to know will produce a little bit more offensive than he
Has in the regular season only eight goals this year. I know I see you laughing with he
Him shutting guys down is I don't even if it was offensive to disaster I'm already worried. Him shutting guys down is, I don't even, if it was offense, it's a disaster. I'm already worried about him.
He's so good defensively.
He's a wet blanket and he could shut down one of those top guys that you have.
See, that's where I think you're a little crazy.
You don't shut those two down.
You don't, Biz.
You've seen it.
Well, if there's one guy that I would trust to do it, it's the wet blanket, Deno.
Because we had McKinnon on before and we asked him,
we said who's one of the more underrated players
you've played against in the league?
And he mentioned him and how good he is defensively
in his reads, haven't even mentioned Adrian Kempe,
40 goal guy, the guy's a machine, he's a speedster.
So as far as the speed, they got it, okay?
And going back to that Darcy Kemper,
we're talking about one of the best goalies
in the league this year.
Nobody's even talking about him.
He's got two goals against per game
with a 921 save percentage.
Unbelievable.
The back end, I saw Doughty didn't play.
I don't know if that's a rest thing
or a precaution thing last game,
but if they don't have him, obviously level for concern,
but I'm pretty sure he'll be right back in the lineup.
So as far as you guys without that calm,
I like the backend of the LA Kings a little bit better.
Gavrikov, that guy fucking close plays down the neutral zone
better than anyone in the league
or just as good as anyone in the league.
I honestly think that the LA Kings are gonna upset this
Edmonton-
Four years in a row boys.
You'll hit it at one point.
Boys, this is a way different situation as far as injuries,
depleted lineup. Uh, um, uh, we're talking about an older,
smaller, slower team, Jeff Skinner, no playoff experience.
Does that scare you at all?
No, because he's actually heated up and like turned it on in the last,
since mid March, he's kind of flying and scoring.
And so is Arvidsson.
And Perry, shout out Corey Perry, guys.
18 fucking goals.
Dude.
He's 40 years old.
He's never missing a pregame skate.
Stoff tweeted out that they had like a 9 a.m. skate
for an afternoon game.
I think he was the only guy on the ice to win.
The guy's obsessed with hockey.
He's still scoring.
He fights like more than anyone else on the Oilers.
I'm like, the Worm, Corey Perry,
is gonna play until you drag his body off the ice.
And I think that he's a playoff type guy.
Biz, I get what you're saying.
Keith, you haven't said anything,
but I know you're now a Kings guy.
You sent us over a picture in an ice cube Kings jacket.
Yeah.
Since going out to that LA strong game with the, you know, support the fires out there,
just the way that they took care of us and Biz's minor league team that won the Calder
trophy 55 years ago, it's amazing the organization they got running there.
But I was talking to Jared Stoll today and just
the team that they have right now, it reminds me of
the Kings when they won on their runs, winning two
cups, they, they don't have the hundred point guys.
They have, you know, Kempe with 68 points, but they
are smothering defensively.
They're big, they, they wear teams down and they do
it collectively as a group. They're not, you know, they're big, they, they wear teams down and they do it collectively as a
group.
They're not, you know, they're not just one guy
out there like, like Edmonton is unfortunately,
but you know, they had the two best players in the
league so they can do that.
But I just like the way that they are playing right
now, going into playoffs the whole year that
they've had winning at home, having the best
record at home.
It's, it's a team I wouldn't want to play if I was a fan of like you guys with
a Edmonton, it's just, there's a lot of uncertainty up, up, up North and.
It doesn't look good, but it also could be, you know, the Connor McDavid where
the Michael Jordan and him comes out where he's like, you know what?
And that's when, and that's when I took that personal and he goes on an absolute
heater.
So he obviously scares me.
Leon has been Leon all year.
Um, but I think like you said, Biz, I think Kempe can handle the speed as much
as, you know, no one can handle McDavid speed.
I think Kempe can handle that speed, uh, shutting him down or shutting him down
in air quotes, keeping him limited
to as little as you can.
And then you got to know who can, you know, he can handle Dreissel with how smart he is.
He's a smart player, good stick, and you got big solid D on the back end and the goal tending.
Every year the best team with the best goalie wins the, wins the trophy.
And they don't have to be the best goalie all year.
They just have to be the best in the playoffs.
You've seen it, you know, with Bobovsky and, uh, Baggis who was at Thompson, like
Thompson wasn't the best goalie in the league, but he was unreal in those
playoff runs, so it's, or was it Hill?
It was Hill.
Yeah.
Hill.
Sorry.
Um, that's, that's it's LA Kings are right there
They're just like they're just thinking that they're running gonna run over the oilers
They're not even thinking right we didn't even mention Ozzy copa tar like they have two of the best shutdown centers
No, that's two-way centers in the league here. Let's show respect and so how about the year Kevin Fiala's had as well?
Come on. I met guys. I mentioned him. they got guys. They got guys, they just don't have the big guys.
And those guys win playoffs series.
Now, Keith, Colorado does.
Prediction, because I already know it's Kings.
What game?
I think it goes seven.
Okay, Biz. It's gotta go seven.
And hopefully it's a home game for LA.
Oh, it will be.
It looks that way.
Biz? I got Kings in seven boys.
Mer? Oilers in six. I'm Oilers in six as well because I actually don't want this
going seven because what you mentioned they're gonna wear the shit out of the
Oilers. They are gonna be physical they're gonna be all over them. Warren
Fogle coming back he had a great year for LA that's another guy like a guy. I
think he might have led their team in five on five goals.
Or second.
Yeah, I think a couple weeks ago you mentioned that stat.
So, the longer it goes, the worse for Edmonton,
so I'm with Murr, Edmonton in six.
Kind of wish that they were playing someone else
just for excitement as a fan, but I looked,
and if it was one through eight, two versus seven,
and that way I think they'd be getting Dallas.
I'd rather LA personally.
So we're moving on, we're moving on.
You'd rather Dallas right now?
No, I'd rather LA.
I'd rather LA.
Or you'd rather LA with no Hayskinnin for Dallas?
Brian Boucher mentioned on the broadcast,
Dallas is struggling a little bit right now.
They're struggling bad.
They've been outshot the last 13 games in a row.
That's a fuckin', that's not good. And the march or it might not
have been end of March, middle of March. Debo DeBoer was saying after a game they
won like yeah, it's concerning how we're playing right now. And that was like a
month ago or even maybe a little bit more five weeks. Um, the no Heskinen
thing for me. So they're going to play Colorado.
Crazy that one of these teams is going home.
We got Eric Johnson on today's show, so we sat down with him.
Awesome talk.
We're going to throw it to him after this.
Great dude.
He's back in Colorado.
He's confident.
All the changes they made, but it's the no Heskinen thing for me.
If Heskinen's here, no matter what, this thing's going seven, I think, and it's a straight coin flip.
I think since he came into the league,
the Stars have played 82 playoff games,
he's played in every one, averaging 27 minutes a game,
and he's gone.
I mean, against Colorado and this offense,
how do you replace that?
I don't know, Biz, do you think, I?
You don't, it's like Colorado losing McCarr.
You just don't, right?
As good as Harley's been, as deep as they are.
Like, if you look at Dallas right now,
the first two lines, unreal.
Robertson, he came in this season, he had foot surgery,
didn't look like himself, he was very open about the fact
that the Four Nations thing was wearing on him well. Now that that's in the rear view mirror, he looks a lot look like himself. He was very open about the fact that the four nations thing was wearing on him. Well, now that that's in the rear view mirror,
he looks a lot more like himself. Rupay hints. He fucking flies. We know what
we're getting from Rupay hints and he's got great chemistry going with rotten.
And okay, you look at that second line. Yeah, they lost second, probably one of
the best offensive, if not the best offensive second lines in the entire
year. Didn't matter.
They went out and made that early move for Grandlin.
He fit in perfectly on that line with Duchenne and Marchesot.
Or not Marchesot, Jesus Christ.
Marchman, who's got the fishbowl on right now.
So as good as those top two lines are,
they're looking themselves in the mirror across the way
in Colorado where they're just
as lethal offensively. And then that's to me where Wyatt Johnson's been playing third
line center. That is depth. I feel like coil can neutralize that. That's a perfect role
for coil. And that's probably why they went out and got him knowing that if they're facing
Dallas, well, they're deep up the middle. Well, now so are we. So I just, I think upfront it's a dead even heat. They're
both going to produce their offense. They're both going to be buzzing the haste. That's
why Kale McCarr is on a different planet. And with him and Taves playing basically half
the game, that's going to be the world of difference.
The only way that Dallas wins this series is if Autinger plays lights out.
And I think there are question marks surrounding Autinger.
I think that in the past couple years, like early on, he's been solid.
But when push came to shove, he just wasn't the guy to get it done.
Hey, with goaltending, the experience comes into play.
And I think that he's gotten that experience.
So if he can outplay Blackwood across the way,
that to me gives them an opportunity to win the series.
But as it sits right now with no Hayeskin in,
I got Colorado in six games, boys.
I just think there's no way.
Like, we're talking about a one-man breakout,
not necessarily a guy who will
light the world on fire offensively. He's not the hundred point guy that
Kale McCarr is. Why are you laughing when I say that?
No, he's just putting on his avalanche hat. Oh, he's putting on his avs hat. But just
talking about a guy who can shut down guys, he could play that 27 to 30
minutes every night, one man breakout,
it's just going to be a world of difference without him and I don't think the Dallas Stars
have a chicken dick's chance of winning that series unless he's involved in it.
Who's taking the reins here now?
I'm the Avs guy, I got the hat on, I got the 29 jersey, but I am a little concerned.
OG.
I mean, these guys got the, they got the grocery list of injuries like you do too, Whit up
in Edmonton.
I think I saw four or five of them got to go watch Landis-Cogs game because they didn't
go on the California road trip.
You read the names right here.
Ross Colton, upper body.
Drew in lower body.
Leckin in lower body.
Lindgren, upper body.
McKinnon just says injury.
Then they rested McCarr and Taves, but then there's Mansongren upper body, McKinnon just says injury. Then they rested McCarr and Taves,
but then there's Manson upper body,
Nacushkin lower body.
Those are some heavy names, some big hitters.
We don't know if we haven't gotten them.
They're playing possum like the Panthers.
Like that's a lot of good players if they are banged up
or if it was just all kind of fake injuries
to get out of that game.
But I like the avalanche.
You got McCarr playing 30 minutes a night.
They got, they got two great goaltenders.
We've seen that a lot recently in the playoffs where the goalies are getting flipped back and forth.
You need a couple options.
They have that.
They both played well.
So that doesn't scare you.
The two goaltender tandem scares me a little.
It used to, until it started working these last few years.
When is it worked?
But when it went to Florida.
But Brodsky didn't start the one playoffs
and now he's in there.
I know.
Vegas, I think Vegas that year he jumped around.
Aidenhill didn't play every game, right?
Yeah, but they end up going with one guy
has to end up taking over.
Steal it, yeah.
I like that, I agree with that.
You're not in the conference finals
or the cup finals going back and forth every game.
I don't think we'll ever see that.
No, it's just if you do need to switch something up.
Like, didn't Edmonton do it last year?
They took Skater out for a game.
Yeah, Picard won a must-win game against Vancouver.
Yeah, so you have that flexibility as a coach that you can maybe,
if they switch things up, you throw them in there.
Anyway, Avalanche and six, same thing.
I need them to win it at home,
I can't have them going on the road for game seven.
I got the abs in seven, kind of everything you said,
Biz, the coil move, I completely agree with your take there
because I think we've said it many times,
if he's your third line center, you got a cup contender.
The Bobby Ho leak line, right?
And when he's third line, he's playing 18 minutes, maybe 17 minutes.
He's PKing.
It's like, wow, we trust that third line when they're out there.
And McKinnon's sickle mode, he's the same thing as, as with the
Oilers in my discussion about LA because yeah, I love Robert, I mean,
um, Ronton and Robertson and Wyatt Johnson, some great depth.
They're not McKinnon. They don't have, they don't have a guy thaton and why johnson some great depth. They're not mckinnon
They don't have they don't have a guy that level and they don't even have a mccarr either
So it's basically the dominant players no hessken and
Autinger has to stand on his head. I know i'm repeating all you guys. I got I got colorado and seven
I still think it's deep series
Jamie Benz gonna have to go old school Jamie Ben if they have a chance guys
He's gonna have to do something real stupid and create some intimidation
in that, in that lineup.
Uh, for me, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to flip the script here.
I'm taking Dallas.
I think, uh, I think them getting out shot these last 13 games is going
to prepare Autinger to be the guy.
And like you said, Biz, it has to, has to come to a point for a goalie where,
you know, he it's a past where, oh yeah, he's a young guy.
He's still figuring out the league.
He's in that, in that sweet spot of his career where it's, it's now.
And, you know, he's been talked about, he's on the four nations teams.
He's going to be on the Olympic team.
He's talked about as, you know, one of the elite goalies in the league.
And, uh, I, I think it's his time to steal a series.
And why not do it the first series against one of the hottest teams in the league and
staring down the barrel of two of the best players to ever play the game?
So I think for the Dallas Stars, same way I think LA can bully some teams with Marchman
and Jamie Ben, I think they can wear a team down too.
I don't think, I don't think Nate and Makar really get affected too much by that.
So I might be contradicting myself a little bit, but you know, the rest of that team,
I think that, I think that those guys can wear some teams down.
You know, we talked to, you know, do Shane's earlier in the year.
He's another guy.
He's starving.
It's his playing against, he's playing against his old team, the team
that drafted him and gave up on him.
He, you know, he's going to be fired up.
So, uh, and same, same too, we talked to Jim Neal and, you know, since that
interview, I've been all in on this guy, just such a gentleman of the game.
Um, loved his story and everything.
So I'm going Dallas in seven.
Uh, I think, I think this is Autinger's series to kind of show who he is and why he's the guy that
everyone says he is.
I mean, let's never forget, pour one out for Jim Nill being next to Bonnie Blue on the
YouTube thumbnail for about 10 minutes.
An all time moment in the show's history.
All time moment in the show's history right there
So I guess I guess that kind of leads us into what you just mentioned yantra. Oh, sorry, Murr. Go ahead, buddy
Yeah, I'll just wrap up the DraftKings has as a complete coin toss minus 110 for either side
So they don't know who's gonna win either. Wow, but I do have a real good report for you guys
Natchushkin has been put into the Denver Baza
for the entire seven game series.
No shit.
We talked about it with the.
Did you see all those guys who didn't play against Anaheim
the other day, like they're naming off all the guys,
didn't travel, didn't travel, and then they were like,
Natchushkin traveled with the team, but he's not playing.
They got him in the holster just not letting him
have any freedom.
In other news involving a Russian, and this is just a quick hitter.
Ivan Demidov has his first NHL point and assists.
Okay.
The stadiums are up and it's not bad.
It is 719 Eastern.
Before we throw to EJ.
When did the game start?
Eric Johnson, we have to bring up.
Landis God came back.
Yeah.
He came back.
He came back, what an amazing experience.
It looked like the arena was just buzzing.
You mentioned all the teammates that were there,
McCarr, McKinnon, Ross Colton, I don't remember the others,
but when he got off the ice from his first shift,
the crowd went nuts.
It was so cool to see.
Then he gets a goal.
I couldn't believe he played back to back,
but he gets a goal, I believe an assist as well the next night.
So just incredible resilience. We talked about the Rory resilience. This guy is no
different three years since he played hockey at any level, and it was amazing to
see. So we talked to Eric Johnson about that. I think it's time we throw it over
to him right now, EJ. Guys, after the long grind of the regular season, 82 games, it's finally time to start the playoff
beard. In business case, the playoff mustache, the quest to hoist the Stanley Cup is heating up and
the action is even hotter at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NHL.
The postseason for the fastest game on ice is here. If this is your
first time experience in betting on playoff hockey, strap in for an epic playoff run.
If you're new to the game, wait until you see the action, the overtime, the hit. It's super easy to
get started at DraftKings Sportsbook. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win
a series or a game. Go to the app, select your team and place your first bet. It's that easy. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers
bet 5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now
and use code CHICKLITS. That's code CHICKLITS for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets
when you bet just 5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.
Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 877-8HOPENY or text HOPENY4. five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Boothill Casino in Resorting Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Voighton, Ontario.
New customers only.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co.slash audio.
We are now pleased to be joined by a multi-time guest,
a Stanley Cup champion, and one of eight Americans
to ever go first overall
in the NHL Draft.
We got Eric Johnson.
What's going on, buddy?
Hey guys, I'm good.
Thanks for having me.
Appreciate it.
Hope you're well, and looking forward
to talking with you guys.
Yeah, it's great to catch up with you.
It's been kind of a crazy year.
Awesome news for yourself getting traded back to Colorado,
but I think we gotta start with Landis Gogg,
especially considering you have a horse named after him.
Um, how crazy was it?
How pumped for him?
Were you to see him back on the ice?
I know some of the guys made it, but he must just be so fired up.
And I imagine your team is just so excited for him.
Yeah, no doubt.
I mean, it's well-documented as, as you both know, uh, you know, the, the amount
of, uh, adversity he's gone through with this, I think he, uh, you know, he didn't have to do this for, for anybody.
He didn't owe anyone anything.
He, he could have, you know, sailed off into the sunset at Peru on the cup and wiped his hands and got on with his life and collected his money.
But he wanted to see this thing through and, um, do it for our team and our fan
base and what involved.
So I'm proud of him.
And, you know, with what he did the last two nights, uh, in Loveland, uh, on his
conditioning stint, I'm, I'm just proud of him because I know he put a ton of
his own money, his time resources, sacrificed a bunch of, uh, time away from
his family, his teammates, traveled all around
the world to really get this thing right.
So he deserves everything he's gotten so far and it's great to see him on the road to recovery.
And I think he should be joining us in the playoffs, which is just huge for us.
Any capacity he can join us is going to be huge.
So you're big into the horses.
So why'd you, you just like decided to name one of your horses after Landy?
Yeah.
I mean, you know, I had a Biz Nasty
who wasn't very good, unfortunately.
Horse.
Which he was.
Come on, actually.
Did he, was he a sprue?
Landy's slow.
Landis Cog was pretty good.
And yeah, he's a good looking horse,
just like his namesake and thought I'd roll with it.
And thankfully he turned out all right, but yeah, no,
it's all in good fun and nice to get the pucks
and ponies together
a little bit.
Can you describe a business?
These horse qualities, like, like tell me, like, you wouldn't stay away from the female
horses.
He's actually, he's just trying to fuck.
So he had, he had no, no testicles left.
Ready to chop those off.
Unfortunately, I don't know if you can throw that in the podcast, but, uh,
we'll save, uh, we'll save the details for a different day.
What's it been like having the, like the camera crews around?
Like, have they been around quite a bit given like Landy's journey?
Like, and like, I would imagine maybe, um, McKinnon's not the, like, doesn't
want that many cameras around all the time.
So has there been a little bit of like awkwardness and tension in that regard? Yeah. I mean, you know, I've just poking fun out of MTNT the other night
with you, but it hasn't really been that bad at all. I think he is a guy that's kind of been,
you know, following around and, um, going to the rink and just kind of his day to day,
whether that was rehabbing or traveling or doctor's appointments or whatever, it really
hasn't been bad. Um, I think it's a cool thing. He really.
Emphasize the human element of it all, which I think is cool.
And, um, you don't see guys kind of let the outside world
into your personal life like that.
He got super vocal, obviously.
And I think it's cool because a lot of the fans, they just see, you know, the
athlete and I think they saw a lot of behind the scenes with Gabe, uh, the
emotions, you know, the setbacks and the highs and the lows that you often get with an athlete that.
You don't see as an outside fan, but you can probably relate to with things
that happen in your own life.
So I think that was really cool.
Gabe to do that and just show the human side of it.
And it's, uh, it's, it's great for the game.
I think it provides exposure that you might not see otherwise.
And, um, great for him for kind of putting, uh, himself out there and doing that.
So the cameras have been fine.
It hasn't really been much at all.
I think, you know, we just like to poke fun at him because they've been around
here and there, but it's, uh, it's great for him.
It's it's we're super excited and you know, he played two games and got, got
out of them both Scott free and looks like we're going to have them around for
game one that
After the game with did you see the the video of him addressing the team after you got the MVP like he's so good at
Speaking and so articulate and the fact that I mean it is a second language But just for like you said for him to open up and and probably put a lot into perspective
even for other athletes that have maybe been through stuff to
Maybe now they kind of got that second win
where they're like, I want to try to overcome it
and make a comeback.
So it's just been an awesome story.
To transition out of that, I was going to ask you,
you left the team a few years ago after you guys won it.
Has there been any more crazy progression
to McKinnon's routine and stuff?
Because you're pretty close to them
and you can ball bust them.
Like when you got back to the team this year, you were like, holy fuck, this
has evolved into something like, like even crazier.
No, I think, you know, you guys know what he's like intense and, uh, you know,
he'll, he'll bite your head off if he, if he sees the opportunity and thinks
you deserve it and, um, but I just think he does everything with good intentions to help the team up a level or help the team win.
I don't, I honestly think when he has his moments, he just sees red and he doesn't see anything else.
And he almost says something and he forgets it and it's nothing personal.
It's just in, in, uh, you know, the best interest of what he thinks is going to be best for the team. So honestly, what I've kind of found over the years, and as I've left and came back,
he kind of dictates what he needs, uh, from an all from his own personal schedule.
Like if the team's skating and has a practice, it doesn't necessarily
mean Nate is going to skate too.
I think he, he has that trust from Jared and the staff that if he.
Doesn't want to skate for three days.
He's not going to skate.
If he wants to skate, he's going to skate.
So he, he kind of has, um, you know, that, uh, that ability to dictate what he thinks
is going to be best for himself for, um, getting himself ready to play.
So it's cool because I think you see it in other sports a lot more, maybe NBA or NFL where guys kind of have their physios, their therapists, their chef, and they
kind of dictate some of their own schedules.
So Nate's kind of done that and evolved over the years where, you know, just
because the team is, you know, going through organized practice, doesn't mean
that that's going to be what Nate has to do.
I mean, he's still going to practice with us and he's a part of the team and he's,
you know, our, our leader and, uh, but he to do. I mean, he's still going to practice with us and he's a part of the team and he's,
you know, our, our leader and, uh, but he's just, he's, he's evolved or he has
that trust where he's gonna kind of call his shots and do what he thinks is best
for him to be at his best.
So I have a ton of respect for him.
He just wants to win.
And then that's, that's where he comes from.
Where that wasn't the case when you were there, when you guys won it, like,
like obviously things have changed where that wasn't the case before.
And had you kind of seen that anywhere else throughout your journey in the NHL
where somebody had that type of control and I mean, this, I mean, he's one of
the best, if not the best player in the world right now, like I get why he gets
that, but had you seen it anywhere?
I haven't.
Um, I think the biggest thing I noticed is every year he's trying to find an edge
where he can evolve and get better.
So one year he got a shaft, one year he had his own physio, you know, uh, one
year he's not more in skin as much.
He's in the pool.
He's, you know, he just, every year he just kind of is finding something
that's going to make him better.
And every year he's gotten better that I played with them.
And, um, you know, it's, it's just a testament to what he does.
Cause you know, you see guys, um, that you think work hard and then you see Nate and
it's just opens your eyes and, and, and re makes you realize that, okay, if he's going
to do this, you know, why can't I do a, B and C? So, um, just, uh, you know, he's eight years younger than me, but, uh, I've
learned a lot from him.
He's helped my career and, um, I look up to him, uh, even though he's much
younger than me and just done a lot for my career.
So, um, you know, whatever, whatever he says, guys are definitely watching
and maybe trying to implement themselves.
EJ, I got one obviously as a D man, you know, like the three of us on this pod
and biz wants a D man, but you gotta ask you about Kel McCarr, like for yourself,
you came in first overall pick a guy that's lived up to everything.
You've had an amazing career, but have you ever seen yet?
Not only just a player, but a defenseman like McCarr, like what he can do
night in night out and just like, he changes the game every time he's on the ice.
And I, as a defenseman, I think it's just so, so cool to see.
Yeah.
It's unbelievable.
I mean, you guys, you guys know how good he is and, and, and see him play all the
time, but, um, just being able to see him in practice and how he approaches each
and every day, I mean, you would talk to him and just think he's, you know, Joe from science
class, he's just like this, you know, unassuming, like kind of dorky, but like
the guy you'd want your sister to marry type guy, you know what I mean?
Like he just, there's no, there's a quiet confidence about him, but he just, he's
got that just ice in his veins and he, uh, nothing phases him.
He's so even keel and he's really taken that next step as a leader to where, you
know, he's not afraid to say something or, um, bark at somebody.
So I think what just sets him apart is, is physical talent and abilities are, are
outweighed by how tough he is mentally.
I think I don't think people see that obviously.
But he, you know, he's just, he's just one of those guys where just a salt of
the earth human being, great family, a great mom and dad rate, just a super
kid that was raised just unbelievably.
And just a guy that, you know, I'm proud to call a friend and a guy that I want
and just blessed to watch every day. And you see the on ice gifts, but just a special that, you know, I'm proud to call a friend and a guy that I want and just blessed to watch every day.
And you see the on ice gifts, but just a special guy off the ice.
And, um, I think he's still going to get better and better.
He scored 30 this year, sat out the last couple of games, could have
maybe hit a hundred points, who knows?
But, um, just, uh, nice to have kale and hate has a one, two punch, you know,
as forward and a D so it's, uh, it's special to come to the rink with those guys.
I think he, he, there's a realistic chance he ends up getting 41 year, which is just
wild to think about. Even 30 as a defenseman, it's crazy. Um, but going back to you and
coming back to Colorado, you were very thankful, um, to Danny Breyer and Keith Jones when the
move was made. So were they kind of in touch with you? Was it something you had to say in, you know, being the guy that's accomplished as much
as you have in the NHL where a younger guy, he's just dealt, there isn't much discussion
prior.
But how did it go down for you when you were sent back to Colorado?
Yeah, well, I think I was super grateful because they gave me the opportunity to extend my
career.
I mean, I don't know, I wasn't talking to any other teams.
I was just focused on returning in Philly free agency last year.
And, you know, they said, you're probably not going to play a lot.
I said, that's fine.
Uh, they said they wanted to develop their younger players.
They wanted me to be involved in that process.
I said, sure, no problem.
And, um, you know, a lot of people were asking me, well, aren't you
pissed you're not playing.
And my response was, I'm just, I'm honestly happy I'm able to be in the
NHL still and provide some value.
So I didn't, I didn't look at it as a negative.
I just saw it as a positive.
They wanted me around to help.
And when I played, I played and when I didn't, I was just the best teammate I could be.
I was so good in the room.
That's where they left me all season.
Come down for intermissions in your suit though bud.
On demand, Torz literally told me to stay home.
Well at least he didn't try to fight him.
Yeah exactly.
But no, they just treated me with so much respect.
I loved living in Philly, Anzi played there I'm sure.
All the guys had great
things to say about you and I had, uh, I had a ton of fun there.
I mean, I woke up every day and love my role.
And, um, as the trade deadline started approaching, Danny came to me and, um,
just asked me about it.
And I said, honestly, if I can go to Colorado, I want to go there.
I'm happy to stay in Philly.
And as the deadline approached, um, I knew there was some talk with Colorado, but they
needed some, um, they needed Philly to retain some money, but Philly had all their three
retention slots filled so they couldn't retain any money.
And so Danny said the morning of the deadline, uh, it's probably not going to work unless
Colorado moves out some salary.
And when they traded Middlestead for coil, I was sitting at home, um, you know, on the couch, I, I pulled up whatever puckpedia and.
Plugged in both their salaries.
And I was like, Holy shit.
Uh, you know, uh, coil makes 500,000 less than the middle stab.
This might open up some money for her to work.
And a minute later, Danny called me and said, Hey, um, you know, I don't want
to do this, but I'm going to do this for you.
And I have a deal in place to send you back to Colorado or 20 minutes for the
deadline and you're just, just cool.
Cause, um, spending 13 years of my career there, won a cup and, um, definitely
emotional, but grateful to them.
Cause they, they were so respectful of how they
treated me all year and just a first class group of people, Jonesy, Danny, Dan Hilferty,
the president there and just a great place to live.
I loved it.
Great group of guys and really grateful for what they did to me to get me back to Colorado.
You should gift Jonesy the business nasty horse as a thank you.
EJ, you mentioned, you know, just accepting the role of kind of helping
out the young guys and, and, and being there for them, you know, kind of with
you being on the back nine of your career, like, is that something maybe you
would want to get into when you're, uh, when you're done, finished playing and,
and this beautiful career of yours?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'm not sure.
I mean, um, maybe I kind of try and not look too far ahead.
I mean, there's things that, you know, it's natural to think down the road,
what are you going to do when you're done?
But, um, right now I'm just having fun staying in the moment and, um, body feels
good.
And if I can keep playing, uh, try and play as long as I can, wherever I can.
Um, I'm having a ton of fun coming to the rink every day and maybe down the road.
I think if, uh, you know, uh, management or TV or something, I don't
even know a capologist with the way that you're plugging in those hours,
him doing the math of those two deals.
I would have paid to see that.
Carry the one.
Oh, I can't go there.
My mind was just like this.
I was, is this going to work?
But, uh, no, I don't know.
We'll see.
Just, uh, enjoying the time right now, I don't know, we'll see. Just enjoying the time right now playing with the abs
and we'll see what happens down the road.
I was gonna hop into like the playoff picture here
with the way that things are set up.
Unfortunately, as good as your team is,
you guys are probably gonna draw,
or I think as of right now, you drew Dallas, right?
So that's two juggernauts going at it.
How do you feel about this team now compared to the one where you guys want a
Stanley cup and how do you feel the fact that you got to play against Ratanen
and how crazy that situation is?
Yeah, I mean, it's tough biz. It's, it's going to be tough for Miko. I mean,
I, I remember coming back to Colorado last year, my first game, you know,
playing in the Eastern conference and coming back for only one game and it was tough.
So I couldn't imagine just the playoff series and the
emotions he's going to go through.
It'll be, you know, obviously tough for us to, um, be hard on them and everything,
but you got to do what you got to do to win.
And, um, we want to win and, you know, you might as well.
Beat one of the best, hopefully we can in the first round to, to,
to get to where we want to go. You're going to have to play good teams, uh, no matter what.
So, um, it's a tough draw, but I feel like everyone kind of has a tough
draw on these playoffs, there's no easy matchups, even these wild card teams
in the West, whether it's Calgary, mini or St.
Louis is going to be a tough matchup for, for one of those teams,
uh, Winnipeg or Vegas.
So, um, yeah, I think, uh, we have great, great depth down the middle.
I love what we do with our center ice position, have great depth on the wings.
And, um, you know, you play McCarran, Taves 25, 26 a night and, you know,
hopefully we can fill in with some minutes underneath and two goalies
that can play when needed.
So I love it.
I mean, it reminds me a lot of 22 and now you just need some luck and things
to go your way and then you never know what can happen. It is really all about the luck and a guy
that also came over right before you got there is Martin Netches. And I guess you'd been in the West,
you probably hadn't played against him that often, but have you seen some things you didn't really
know about him since you came back over? Like the speed burst he ends up hitting and his success with McKinnon.
I don't think it's surprising to people, but you now seeing it up close must be
like, wow, he's better than I thought.
Yeah.
I knew, I knew a little bit how good he was being in the East for a little bit.
I mean, he was, he was a terror on Carolina.
I mean, his edges are really good.
He's quick.
He gets to those pockets really, really fast.
And when he winds it up in the neutral zone, he comes with a lot of speed and he's
shifty and I think the, the next evolution for him will be, um, taking that next step
to, to being that good in the playoffs.
And, um, from what I've seen so far, he's going to take that step and just a fun
player to play with a good righty, um, think really slot them anywhere around the lineup.
And, uh, you could play them with Nate, you could play them with Nate. You could play them with Brock.
You could play them with Charlie coil.
So we just have a lot of options and I think that's key, especially with, you know, you're
inevitable going to have some injuries.
So I really love what I've seen and he's a great guy, fun to hang out with, keeps it
loose.
And I think that's important to have those guys.
You can't just be robots and serious
all season and all playoff series. So I think he brings that element too. And just a great player
is a great move for us. Save some cap space. Jack Drury is a great piece too. And to get Marty with
that, it was, I think a good piece of work by Chris. Can I ask you a random question?
G just texted me and reminded us. You kept saying at the Olympics
when it was in Vancouver
that Witt was wearing a thong
and there was this like rumor that got started.
How did, like, what was the joke?
It wasn't a rumor, I don't think.
It was just him and Kane.
He was wearing one.
But I wasn't wearing one this time.
I swear to God I'd retired that the year before in Pittsburgh.
Where were we? Whit?
I remember we're in Vancouver at some bar and Kainter and I were like, let's,
let's fuck around with Whit.
And we got on one of our phones and I don't know if it was probably my idea.
Wasn't Kainter's and Whit, are you wearing a thong?
And we just see you across the room, like, look at your phone and you're like,
who the fuck is texting me this?
Like, and you're like, who the fuck is texting me this?
And you're like, why have I thought you're like checking your back.
Just your face was like, you're a little banged up, right?
And me and Kainter are just howling in the other side of the room, looking at you, checking
your phone.
Am I wearing a thong?
You know you're a pigeon, but you're the seventh defenseman.
You just get just chirped by kids like 10 years younger than you.
We loved you. I mean, Kenner had fun with you. It was a, it was a good time.
I that still eats me up that that's silver glow. Doesn't it?
You should name a horse witty T bar.
Yeah.
The thing goes on to just run through the Kentucky Derby.
And then I have to like talk about when I used to wear a thong.
It's just a disaster for me.
It's a guy horse sucking other horses horns like there was some camera phones then like imagine
being out like that you know 15 years later at the Olympics like we would have been we would have
been we wouldn't have been out yeah I see you got a sick basement set up Olympic jerseys and the cup
painting but did you never sell your place no I, I kept it. Yeah, I kept it. Um, uh, always went back in the off season the last 10 years and
thankfully when I got traded, I just moved home and, um, packed up my little rental house and
in Jersey next to the practice rank, uh, for the flyers. And, um, yeah, it was great just to,
you know, this is home for me now and I retire. I was gonna ask you that.
That's where Natushkin's gonna be sleeping
during the playoffs.
That's the Baza.
He must be a beauty.
All good, and Bell's in a good spot, so.
Fucking right.
This is such a prick.
What do you mean?
I fucking love that guy, man.
He's a playoff horse.
Power play specialist, like so good net front.
Like, what's he like as a guy?
Like, is he just like, does he speak fluent English
or is he still like too hardcore Russian?
And is he bigger than you?
Like you're enormous.
Is he taller and heavier?
Yeah and he's absolutely jacked.
He's a specimen and he doesn't say much
but it was pretty funny when I got traded back.
I got added to the group chat and
all of a sudden I get this text and it's a, some weird ass picture of me from value.
He goes, this psycho is back in like broken English text.
I'm like, Val, what the hell, man throwing me strays like that right when I got back,
but he's just a hardworking guy.
Um, went through some tough times that are well documented, got some help
and is in a really good place.
Now I'm happy for him.
He spent a lot of time on himself and worked that he's in a really good
situation now, I think, and, um, you know, just a beast for us.
I, we wouldn't have won the cup without him in 22.
So to have him, uh, you know, at the height of his powers right now,
I think is huge for us.
So Cogliano is now kind of a front office guy, Andrew Cogliano, one of the best
storytellers, best people I've ever met.
You won a cup with him.
Everyone was so happy for him.
They had that, that knows Cogs.
Have you had any discussion with him?
Like it's obviously a little different.
You're still buddies, but the relationship is somewhat different
when they're in the front office.
So what's it like now with serious Cogs?
Well, yeah, as you know, he's always serious.
He had some crazy superstitions as a player.
Probably still does as in the management role, but just a great guy.
Really sees the game well, well-spoken.
I think, you know, for us, he was a great leader when he played and I,
he's still around quite a bit.
So he's, uh, got a great relationship with a lot of us.
Um, you know, got to know a lot of the new guys and just has a
really good mind for the game.
I think he has a great feel and a great pulse on the team.
So, um, you're just set to have around and he was a great pickup for us
at the deadline when we won and, um, just one of those guys that, uh, you need to win and, uh, you know, you
don't appreciate him as much until he's on your team.
So, um, great to have him around and, um, you know, I think he'll have a long
management career for sure.
Is Bednar still as chill as now as he was the first time you were there?
I feel like he must like rip the bong or something.
He's like the way he talks in his presser on my holy shit.
This guy's like the chillest, calmest guy on the planet.
Yeah, but he's another guy where when I left, you realize how good of a coach he
is and just the even keel easy goingness that he brings every day is really great
stability for our team and, um, like towards, I love towards
you, but a little different, right?
Um, so bedsy, I think.
He just really gets how our team operates.
He knows how to handle Nate.
He knows how to handle all these superstar players.
And that's not an easy thing to do.
Um, it might look easy.
You just throw these guys over the boards, but you know, Nate has an intense personality
and he he'll challenge your coach a lot.
And he does that.
And, um, I just love bedz's attitude and I think he's an underrated coach.
I don't think he gets enough recognition around the league for how, for how good he is.
And, um, you know, he's, he's put this team eight years in a row on the
playoffs since we finished last in 2017.
So he just has provided so much stability and, and, and different ways to look at the
game.
And when I was gone the last year and a half, I just, I really loved playing for
torts and, um, you know, I thought he really made me a better player, but you
really realize what a dynamic thinker Benzie is and how he really approaches
the game for our team and, and breaks it down.
And, um,
I really appreciated him when I was gone, cause I saw what a great coach he was.
I think he's just ahead of the times for how he sees the game and how he presents it and breaks it down to our team. And, um,
just made me a better player and made this organization a better team.
Wow.
You're buzzing right now, EJ. You definitely deserve a job.
Kind of a media guy now, E.J. Yeah.
That's what I'm seeing in the future.
I know. I know.
I need some new teeth.
Once those gibs go in, what
was one what was like the one
restaurant like I guess people in
Denver would appreciate it, that you
could not wait to get back to your
number one spot when you're going out
there to eat dinner?
If you're going downtown, I would say a five steak house is really, really good.
Garden grace is really good.
If you're in cherry Creek, I would try Hillstone.
It's like a chain.
Oh yeah.
That's part of, um, Houston.
That's your business incident, right?
That chain, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Houston's is like the mothership and that's like the little sister,
uh, just a little sister shop.
Yep.
Quality Italian.
If you want to grab a cocktail, go to, forget me not.
Um, there's just a bunch of great spots.
As you guys know, Denver is a city that's taken off, I think the last 10, 15 years.
And, um, yeah, I just, I love living there.
It's great people, great weather, great people great weather great great food scene
you know you go to Red Rocks for a show go to Coors Field for a baseball game just just a ton to do and
Yeah, just a bunch of great spots in Cherry Creek and
Downtown, I love living there. I've heard so many good things about the Red Rocks I've seen some cool videos of like when it's snowing and and bands are performing
What shows have you seen there?
And Yance, was it you who brought it up last week
and were asking about it?
So how far-
Yeah, when you were FaceTiming that girl.
Oh, okay, well we don't need to go into that one.
Like how far is it from downtown
and how often are you going there
and which shows have you seen?
Probably like one show a summer I would say.
I saw Steve Miller Band there a few years ago.
That was awesome. What shows have you seen? Probably like one show a summer, I would say. Uh, I saw Steve Miller band there a few years ago.
That was awesome.
Um, my, my friend, uh, Dustin Lynch is playing there on Wednesday,
actually country, country guy.
He's awesome.
Um, you know, the Kygo has been there, um, a bunch of different guys.
I think I saw Wiz Khalifa there, uh, saw a bunch, a bunch of different shows.
It's, uh, it's, uh, it's a great spot and, uh, probably 30 minutes from downtown.
Um, just a beautiful venue.
Uh, if you ever get the chance, I mean, in the morning, you can go do yoga class
there on the rocks, you can run the stairs.
There's just a ton of your dog.
Um, it's, it's an awesome spot.
You know, you're 30 minutes from the mountains, what hills.
So it's, um, yeah, just one of those destination spots in Denver that,
you know, you don't realize how great it is until you're not there and you go back and you're just
like, you know, blessed to be in such a great city with, uh, you know, such a great team.
Well, we know you got a hard out. Did you have any more witty and we don't want to keep you too
long. This has been awesome. And, uh, we usually do playoff predictions. Do you want to make a
prediction? Uh, yeah, I'll say, I'll say Ottawa surprises some teams. I like the fuck. I love that.
Suck it. Fuck up. Surprise some crusty ass horses off my fucking. Yeah, you know, it's
coming to biz. You scared. What do you mean? It's EJ. We do have one more because I got
to get the last question in presented by rollback use Use code CHICKLITZ at roback.com for 20 deal off your first purchase.
Very generous 20 through the end of the week.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S on R-H-O-B-A-C-K.com.
20 off all hoodies, joggers and more with CHICKLITZ.
You are a former University of Minnesota Golden Gopher.
And as an American kid came up to the NDP I'm wondering
what do you think of now like CHL players can come to college have you
thought about it all we've chatted about it a lot on this show where I kind of
flip-flop my stance where I don't like it now for American kids but I know if
you chatted with any of the guys or had an opinion on it so CHL can go to
college can vice versa too or no well yeah you can go to the CHL whenever you want
as long as you're under 20 or 20 or whatever,
but now you could play for the London Knights
for two years and then go to Minnesota.
Yeah, they considered it pro before
because in the CHL you're compensated,
which was kind of a dumb rule to begin with,
but now they've opened up the floodgates
where you could start playing in the CHL at in some cases, 15, if you're a double underage or 16 for most
underage, but I would say 16 to 17 is the average age where great development
league to go before you end up going off to college where I don't really
understood why they were cock blocking up before, but this has obviously opened
up a whole new, a whole new conversation for development at least least for me, I think it's a no brainer.
I never liked the fact that you couldn't go back.
And I also, I mean, I'm sure you guys agreed the whole red shirt
thing was ridiculous.
You transfer and you have to sit out a year.
You miss a full year development.
I thought it was stupid.
Um, I just think it, how can it not better the game?
I think, you know, you're going to get guys that maybe weren't getting an
opportunity somewhere to get a more opportunity somewhere else.
I think it just makes so much sense for the player.
Obviously it provides some kind of shitty logistics for teams and, and leagues and
all that, but I think for the player, it's, it's an absolute no brainer.
I mean, if you're stuck playing not at all somewhere else and you're going to.
You know, transfer to the CHL and go play or vice versa.
It it's an absolute no brainer for the player.
So I think it's great.
And, um, you know, I wish it was, it was, uh, you know, that way
when I was around 20 years ago.
So, um, I think it's good and I don't see anything bad from it.
And it's, it's only going to help players develop and, um, I think it's good and I don't see anything bad from it. And it's, it's only going to help players develop. And, um, I can,
I get upside to maybe some guys are going to pull shoot on places too early,
but, uh, I think guys deserve the opportunity.
And if they think they're not getting to somewhere,
they should be able to get it somewhere else.
My last one quickly though,
with as somebody who bought land in Jackson, Wyoming,
and might eventually want to get into the horse game,
how do you buy your horses?
Like are you paying for the male to nut in a girl
or are you buying them when they're already born?
There's a couple different ways you can do it.
Wait, wait, why are you looking at me like that?
Portnoy just paid to get that done.
I think it was just more the way you described it.
Yeah, paid for nuttin' in a girl.
Oh, it's a quick, quick two pumps and boom.
Yeah.
I think there's, there's different ways, right?
You can buy ready-made two-year-old, ready to go, race it.
You can buy a mare that's pregnant.
You can have the foal raise it, sell it at auction.
So there's a couple of different avenues.
The owning the mares are a little bit better.
There's a better, uh, uh, uh, tax code for that cause it's a depreciating asset.
So, you know, sometimes if you have a big capital gains in another event, you can buy a mare and write it off as depreciating assets.
So sometimes people do that.
Or you can just buy the race horses and hardly ever make any money and have some fun at the
track.
But there's a couple of different ways to go about it.
You got to really have a passion for it.
It's kind of like a golf club.
You know, you're not going to join a golf club if you're ever going to golf and go eat
there.
It's kind of the same as a horse.
You're never going to, you know, on a horse unless you want to go watch it race and enjoy kind of like a golf club. You know, you're not going to join a golf club. If you're ever going to golf and go eat there, it's kind of the same as a horse.
You're never going to, you know, on a horse unless you want to go watch it race
and enjoy kind of everything that comes with it.
So, um, it's fun.
If you guys ever get a chance to go to the Derby or the preakness, uh, let me
know, I can, I can try and set you up, but it's definitely worth doing and a fun
bucket list type event to go check out.
You said mayor is, is that, does that mean the nut?
Like, did you buy the nut?
The mare would be a pregnant female horse biz.
Yes.
Yeah.
Pull, and then you can breed it to another.
But you pulled a trigger on it paying for post nut.
Like you didn't buy it pre nut.
You got it.
Okay.
Good to know.
Thank you very much for that.
EJ is going to be the next Eddie.
Oh, that's who you, that's what you're going to do.
You're going to do commentator.
You do the horses go to the Derby with a sharp, uh, suit on.
Can't wait to see it.
Hey, Derby's on for a month Derby.
So you got to pick, or is it too early in the horse racing world?
Oh, no, no, it's not too early.
Uh, journalism will be the favorite, I think, uh, coming from the West coast.
And then I think Sandman will be another one.
Bugsie Malone. Is he blowing dust?
I would go journalism, but you won't get a great price, but that would be my pick.
Yep.
All right. Cisco, the thong song. Great seeing you. 19 years ago drafted, still going. It's
awesome, man. Very happy for you and good luck in the postseason.
Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
I'll see you at the Derby down the road, buddy.
Sounds good, guys the post season. Thanks guys, appreciate it. I'll see you at the Derby down the road, buddy. Sounds good guys, thank you.
"The Star-Spangled Banner"
Thank you so much to Eric Johnson.
What a career he's had.
Biz, your horse must have just been such a grinder
just trying to control the,
who gets the hay in the locker room.
They wouldn't even let him out of the gate
when he was racing.
He's doing the DJing for all the other horses.
He's selling them his hay at a discount.
Promo code biz 20.
Out of the back of his F-150 with towing capabilities.
The trailer hitch.
All right.
First time in NHL history, or I guess since the Penguins came into the league, that the
Bruins, Rangers, and Penguins are not in the playoffs.
Very tough situation for the US market TV-wise on who missed the playoffs in the East.
It's literally the biggest markets in the country, so that's kind of a bummer, but I
think we're looking at what could be
the biggest drumming in the first round
with Carolina in New Jersey.
This is my opinion.
Because it's New Jersey, I know some of you people
may flip the fuck out right now,
but we're bringing them on.
The deranged devil fan himself.
Oh no, roll the disclaimer, please.
Warning, the following statements are about to be made
by a deranged devil's fan.
The views expressed are his and his only. Take everything you
hear with a grain of salt because remember he is a deranged Devil's fan.
What's up fellas? I think with the Jack Hughes injury you have came back down to
earth a little bit unless you've been drinking some form of Kool-Aid and been
looking under a hood that is a different hood than what we're seeing, what are you making of this series, Pasha Ashki?
Before we get into the series, Benz,
I just wanna give you a little props.
I thought your breakdown on Cotter's hit last night
was bang on.
He did get suspended two games,
but I thought you did a really good job
of breaking that down.
Considering you brought that up,
I think it's crazy that he got two games for that
and that, I forget the guy's
name who punched for better face trend and got nothing. He broke for Burt's orbital bone
and gets nothing where Carter was clearly looking at the puck the entire time and had
no time to move once Pellick ended up following through on that. That is a, that is a crazy
swing as far as suspension,
non-suspension, and what is deemed dirty and not.
Yeah, like one was blatantly on purpose
and one was a complete accident, I thought.
And also people are saying,
oh, he came up with the chicken wing after.
No, they showed the other angle
and his elbow was completely tucked when he made contact.
So, completely ridiculous in my opinion, but thank you for bringing that up.
Pasha, Eshki, you are not that delusional.
But yeah, I mean, going back to the series, listen, I think that the devils
are obviously in one without Jack.
I think even with Jack in the lineup, this wasn't the year to win it.
So now obviously I feel even stronger without him.
The team is there.
They have the basis to be a wagon, but they're still a couple of pieces away in
order to be, you know, to win the cup.
So I think, you know, this series is going to come down to goaltending.
I think if the Devils have any chance of making it a series, I think that Mark
Shrum is going to have to steal a couple of games.
I don't love Carolina's goaltending.
It's been the same story every year.
Like Freddie Anderson, solid, Kochak, Cob not bad, but just they don't have like a game
changer and net.
Now in terms of injuries, I think Svechnikov is hurt.
I don't know how serious that is, but obviously that would help tilt things a little bit more
in the Devil's favor if he's out because he's a hell of a player.
The special teams is interesting.
The Devils have the fourth best power play in the league, but the Canes have the number
one PK in the league.
And then the Devils have, I think it's the third best power play in the league, but the Canes have the number one PK in the league and then the Devils have, I think it's the third best power play in the league. So, you know, I think that's going to be
an interesting dynamic. I kind of think the power, the special teams will kind of be a wash just
based on how good Carolina's PK is. So I think it's going to come down to five on five where the
Devils have really been struggling. That's bad for you. That's bad for you. The Devils have really
been struggling to generate five on five since Jack went down. The good news is, is Hamilton will be ready for game one, Keefe said.
So that's huge just in terms of providing offense, you know, driving play 5 on 5.
It's interesting, since Jack and Dougie went down,
the Devils power play has actually improved.
Luke Hughes has done an amazing job running that, you know, QB-ing that.
And then Timo Meyer has just been ripping shots on that, on that flank.
So if you can bring Dougie back and put them on the second power play unit and
you get both units clicking, I think the Devils can, you know, scrape out a winner
too, but listen, hard fought series, I think low scoring series, I want the
Devils to win, I'm going to be there.
I'm going to be supporting them, but I'm not that delusional.
I have the Canes winning in six.
Uh, like I said, I just, I think the devils, even with Jack, you know, have some work
to do and then without him is just too tall of a task.
I think if there's one team who should adapt the flipping, the goalies game in and
game out is the Carolina Hurricanes.
I think they should go to both goalies.
Anderson hasn't played back to back games in a long time.
Uh, that was what Boucher was mentioning.
I think Peter Kachekov has earned the starting role.
I just think if there's one team
who's had goaltending issues the past couple years,
like last year, I think if they get those big saves
from Anderson, they could have actually beat New York.
But this is a team that I think is gonna drum them.
I think the only way that New Jersey
has a chicken dick's chance is if they expose them
off the rush.
New Jersey's a very good rush team.
I believe they're ninth in how they generate off the rush.
And they're getting Dougie Hamilton back.
So Carolina, very aggressive on their four check.
They pinch a lot, right? And they're usually very successful at it
because they're all on the same page
and they're coming as one and very concise.
If they could somehow chip puck and get good wall work
and activate the Luke Hughes's, the Dougie Hamilton's,
and all of a sudden start exposing Carolina
on their aggressiveness,
I think that that could become a big key component
to this series.
But ultimately, you look at their back end,
how good they are defensively,
how much they're gonna out shoot New Jersey.
I don't know if from New Jersey's back end
and how good they are defensively,
if they can handle all that volume.
That's my biggest concern for the New Jersey Devils.
If they're somehow all of a sudden a great box out team
where they're letting Markstrom see everything, and especially with all the point shots biggest concern for the New Jersey Devils. If there's somehow all of a sudden a great box out team
where they're letting Marksrum see everything,
and especially with all the point shots
that are coming through, they gotta be boxing out.
I don't know, I don't watch the New Jersey Devils enough
to know if they're gonna be able to do that,
especially with no Seigenthaler back there,
and with how weak Nemec has looked.
He hasn't looked that good this year.
Like he took a- He won't be playing. He won't looked that good this year. Like he's took a-
He won't be playing.
He won't be playing.
He's not even gonna be in the lineup?
No, Hamilton's back.
I think, yeah, with Hamilton back,
Nemitz won't be playing.
Yeah, he's just a whole different conversation.
He's had a rough year, but like you said,
I think the Devils, giving up chances
has not been the Devils' problem.
Like they're one of the better teams in the league
in terms of not giving up high danger chances.
I think Doomone's done a really nice job and kind of filling Seagantall or shoes, not quite to the level that Seagantall was at, but he's done a solid job and sort of just steadying the ship.
So I'm not worried about them giving up tons of chances.
They've been good at that.
I just I don't see where the offense is going to come from, especially with the bottom six being the way that it is.
Like I think if they if they're going to have a chance of winning a couple of games, they're going to have to get bottom six contributions, which, as you guys know,
in my opinion, that's kind of what wins you series.
I'm a believer in like your top guys kind
of cancel out and you need the big goals from your bottom six.
The good news is Hall has been has been kind of heating up lately.
They need guys like him to chip in.
Cody Glass has looked great.
But, you know, a lot of things have to go right for this team to, uh, to make it a series.
So I hope I'm wrong.
I'll be there with Frank the tank cheering on the team, but, you know, I'm, I'm trying
to be realistic about this one.
That's what's hard is when you, you go into the playoffs and you kind of know deep down,
you can't win the cup.
It's, it's, it's like this weird feeling, right?
Like you just, as a fan, it it's it's kind of like, oh my
God, would I rather a high draft pick? But that's when you you think of how fun the games will be.
I feel like this is one of those game ones in Carolina where I mean, the shot could be 25 to
three after the first period. And then and then we'll see how Markstrom plays. I mean, it's it's
going to be goaltending. Carolina, they just keep coming at you coming at you and then now they got a Russian coming in biz mentioned him Nikitian
Apparently he's gonna play in one of the final two games
He's like 6 3 2 15 hammers guys has a great shot like all of a sudden
He's right in the lineup another great defenseman. They already have Slaven
Chatfield's kind of a beast we saw what he did and we were talking about that, but he's great defensively.
They are just a much deeper team.
It is weird.
I was reading Orlov.
He had like 24 points in the first 50ish games and has like two goals and no assists in the last 20.
So you kind of need...
Remember how good he was for Boston when they traded for him?
I mean, granted, they lost in the first round of Florida, but kind of need him to get going,
but that would be more for the second round.
I got Carolina in five.
Yeah, I got Carolina in five.
I think, Pasha, what you said,
first intelligent thing I've heard you say is,
this isn't their year.
I think Fitzy has put them in a really good spot
to be in the future.
They keep getting better and better every year that he's been there.
But, you know, it's just one of those series.
You got to look in the mirror and realize you're outmatched and, uh, probably
going to get outperformed and I got, uh, I got Carolina in five.
Boys, I'm a little distracted here.
We were talking about Nikitian and his debut.
I don't think he's going to top Demidov, who's got an assist, a goal, and the greatest rookie lap ever taken with the whole Bell Center packed and everybody on their feet.
So the Russian invasion has hit for sure. So this is just complete madness.
As far as that series is concerned, I agree with you guys. I actually have Carolina going to the Eastern Conference Finals.
I think they're set to prove a lot of people wrong.
You saw Jarvis going after PK jokingly the other day with PK saying that they're the
eighth best team in the Eastern Conference.
I would imagine he said that because he has ties to New Jersey and they paid him quite
a few millions at some point.
So I think this thing's over in five and they're gonna get some nice rest
But I'll stick with my sediments
I think I would really really like the flip-flopping of the goalies for Carolina
I would really like to see that I'm gonna give Carolina in six games. They've been limping into that to the finish line here
They're not looking at as good as they have
I feel like Markstrom can outplay their goalies for at least two of the games.
And to go with this Nikitian, I guess I was right on this Demidov talk, but
the same thing was this Nikitian.
He's awesome.
I think he's, I think he's even six forward.
He's a monster.
He looks huge out there.
Just like you floating around offensive head off passing score.
He hits.
Cap captain of the team like leaderships
Quality so that he's the whole package and adding him to that rosters
Just mind-blowing so I will give your devil's two games though, Carolina six
And keeping with the Russian invasion talk the devil's top prospect actually as a KHL player on ska
Are sending gritsuk and there was all this talk of them trying to get him over. I think they ultimately decided to keep him for his one year to be next year, but I mean
they could have used a guy like him, sort of like a high flying offensive sniper.
So that'll be another guy to look out for next year, Gritsuk as a, you know, as this
Russian wave continues.
And then you don't waste a year of his deal on a year that you're not going to do anything
anyways.
Hopefully he chooses back and ripping it up next year. You bring him over then and it's similar to what
Montreal is doing. But I don't think it's going to be this level unless I'm totally not familiar
with what's his name? Gritschick? Or sending Gritschick. Yeah. I mean, I don't think he's
quite supposed to be what Demidov is, but I think he's going to fill that top six sniper role to
play with yous type then. All right. So I think I think now there's a lot of hockey left, but I'm a lot more comfortable with
them up to nothing that we can do the Washington Montreal preview.
This is nuts because I haven't seen the highlight of his goal yet, but Demidov's assist is gross.
He takes it between his legs getting into the zone, then he creates space and does just
a ridiculous shoulder head fake on I think Connor Murphy on the Blackhawks and then a sick dish in the slot for his first assist. I haven't seen the goal. What an exciting time
Montreal had no
Chance to get in the playoffs this year. I unless fine send me somebody's
Preseason predictions anywhere that had them getting in nobody considered them as a legit playoff team
Did angles have him getting in prior to this either you had him getting in
But he's also paid by them
Fair he's like I always pick you guys
But now it looks like they they're gonna shock the world and they're going against Washington a team who I feel like I'm on the murals LA
Train with Washington and Capitals fans have been given it to me and I get it. I deserve it
I don't know why I don't think of them as a true cup contender
I think there's a chance Montreal shocks them
Maybe that's just imagining back in time when Halak beat the president's trophy winning. I think it was
2010 ish.
But what a season for both these teams.
No one expected it either out of either one of them.
You got this incredible goal chase.
Over you got his eight ninety six the other night as well.
He keeps going. But Washington guys, they are not playing well.
And you want to talk about Dallas.
It's double the length that Washington hasn't played well.
They've given up, I think, three or more goals in 11 straight games
So the defense and what you need to have going on before the playoffs has kind of disappeared
Understandably the OV goal chase took took a life of its own and the celebrating and just the excitement around that
But there has to be a moment of like alright back to what made us so good all season
I think it's gonna be a moment of like, all right, back to what made us so good all season. I think it's going to be a great series.
I think that Montreal advantage in their home ice atmosphere creates at least one
win in the, in the games three and four for Montreal.
If they can steal one on the road games, games one or two, we got a series.
Uh, I can't wait for this one.
Um, biz, what are your thoughts?
I kind of talked too long there.
No, no, that was a great breakdown.
I think that there's a strong consensus amongst a lot of people who watch and have seen the
end of the season that Washington might have busted their nut too early, right?
They had a heavy, heavy sack and it was busted with the OV Gold Chase and how it was broken.
And then all of a sudden, like, you know, the amount of celebrations and then after it's
all said and done, they got the real juicy J in the hallway
with the third Jersey's on.
So like it's been this like long, happy celebration.
And then all of a sudden it's like, you know, I agree with you.
They have not been playing good hockey.
I would have said, I still believe in them first round, six games with
Demidov coming in and playing the way he's going and seeing
that crowd roaring. I think that it gets pushed to seven, but ultimately Washington is going
to beat them. They're just overall a better team. And that's all I have to say about that.
An incredible run by Montreal, but I am excited to watch this series way more now than I was
probably about a month ago knowing knowing it was gonna take place.
So just a crazy, crazy run by Montreal
and they have all the, and they got the youth.
They got the youth in the juice as of right now.
So I'm sticking with Washington,
but I'm pushing it to seven games.
For me, I'm going Montreal.
I think this is the one of the series where, you series where there isn't the clear cut who's got
the better goalie. I think Washington's goaltending has probably been a little better this year,
but anyone can get hot. I played with Montembeau. He's a guy that can get hot. He can steal
you some games, but I look at this as a coaching battle. Carberry, St. Louis, two guys that'll
probably be up for the Jack Adams award, two guys that
you can tell their teams love playing for them.
They know what they're going to get out of their guys and the guys know what they're
going to get out of their coach every night.
And I also think Demidov playing his, I would imagine, boyhood idol, Alex O'Betchkin, first series.
You see him tonight, first game, he's got a goal at assist.
What he, the, the height that he's going to have going into that series, playing
against the grade eight, the year that he broke the record, you know, he might,
he might be the type of guy that in his head, he's like, yeah, you can enjoy it
now, but I'm going to come, come in for that record in the, in 20 years, you know?
So I like Montreal.
I like the juice that they have.
Um, they're a younger team.
They, uh, they play a little bit faster, but, um, I think it's going to be a
great series that ton of fun.
Old V's going to be laying people out.
Tom Wilson must watch TV and playoffs.
Uh, I just think the storybook for Montreal with no one having them get in the way they've done it.
And I think they're gonna shock some people first round
and then win this in six bids.
Six games for Montreal?
Yup.
Hey, both teams had the luxury.
You said Montembeau, he didn't play at Four Nations.
I don't think either team had a guy playing
in the four nations
So they should be well-rested both groups, right?
Like Washington didn't have one guy who went
Monty Monty was the third goal Suzuki and Caulfield were both snubs as well
So you got the you got the four nation snubs going at it. Murr. What do you got on this Montreal did?
I think Joel Armia. I think he played for Finland, I believe, as one guy.
Exactly.
I'm on Washington.
I'm going to take Washington in five, even though I love everything in Montreal.
I just remember back when you and Armia went up with Pittsburgh and played Ottawa, your
first ever time in the playoffs.
And you guys, you're heavy breathing, you're having a heart attack.
Like, you couldn't believe that the level had grown heart attack. Like you couldn't believe that the L like the level had, had grown so much.
You guys weren't ready for that.
I feel like that's going to happen in this series.
These young Montreal kids never experienced it.
A grisly old Washington capitals team that will get back to recommit at the
blocking shots, playing defense, not just looking to get OV goals.
So I'm going to go, I'm'm gonna go for the caps in five.
So I got the caps in six and the main reason
is Keith Tom Wilson running around.
I don't think Montreal can really handle them physically.
And Josh Anderson can get in the mix, right?
But overall, it's a smaller, quick team where
Washington's gonna just try to bully the shit out of them.
You're exactly right, Murr.
And I think that they'll be able to...
The Logan Thompson injury thing is... or health is weird.
I don't know how he is.
That's kind of a question mark, but you're right, Murr.
The veteran team.
But I think it's going to be a good series.
Six games.
And I can't believe right now because
Badr is sitting on the bench. He's probably like, we could have drafted this guy. No offense to
Leshunov. He may be a phenomenal defenseman that plays a long time and this is a period. Are we
overhyping Demidov? But we talked earlier about the records and this goal. The puck, he ends up
like with a, the puck comes off the wall, he's got like a breakaway almost, fake
slapshot backhand, like these are, it's a beautiful goal and an assist. And he went fifth overall, now he's
here. I can't wait to see him in the playoffs, but I think the Caps got it. We were lucky enough to chat,
actually Biz was, I was sick. Yans was delayed sitting on the tarmac, but nicked out. He came on the show,
we're going to throw it over to him right now, I think our second time on, but Nick Dowd, he came on the show.
We're going to throw it over to him right now. I think our second time on, but he's another guy pain in the ass to play again.
So let's chat with him right now.
Guys, Whit here.
And I need to talk to you about No Bull.
No Bull is a footwear brand for training and for daily life built to support you in
your pursuit of physical, mental, and emotional strength.
Built to support you in your pursuit of physical, mental, and emotional strength. The man Biz Nasty always searching for that extra edge mentally, physically, emotionally.
He only wears Noble.
He is the pickiest person I've ever seen about shoes and he rocks Noble nonstop.
They sent me the ripstop runners.
They're incredible, comfortable.
Gee, one of the ones they sent you right there.
I got the SC runners. I love these bad boys. Little chicklet shout out there almost too.
I love it.
Yes, and Murs was running around St. Louis in them. You were as well, G. I've been wearing
them nonstop, just perfectly comfortable. You can work out in them. They look great.
Noble celebrates a no bullshit approach to wellness. With options across training and lifestyle, No Bull has options for everyone.
Right now, exclusively for spitting Chicklets listeners, No Bull is offering 30 off your
order.
Not 10, not 20.
We're going 30 off your order.
Visit nobullproject.com slash chicklets for 30 off your entire order. Check them out now.
I am pleased to introduce to you guys my former teammate and actually his second appearance on spitting chiclets. He was on episode three 58.
That's when we talked more about your career doubter,
but now we want to talk about the Washington capitals.
You're now in your seventh season. They're probably not as exciting as this one.
The Ovi Gold chase, all these new guys on board.
You guys got the Mojo, Carberry,
probably gonna win coach of the year.
What a fucking run it's been so far.
Yeah, man, it's been awesome.
It was a little different than last year,
I can tell you that.
You guys did make playoffs,
but you guys had like the worst analytical numbers
in like NHL history to get in.
Yeah, well, you know how the analytics go. They don't tell all the story, right?
Not if you ask Pasha underneath the hood man over here.
Yeah, yeah. No, I mean, it's been good. Like I think, you know, you know how it goes. You played on a lot of hockey teams.
You know, same with me. Like there's, there's certain teams that just feel a little different than
other ones, right?
Like, and I'm not going to say like, this one feels any more special than when I
entered the league onto a team of the Washington Capitals where, you know,
seven years ago, they just won the cup.
They were filled with a ton of mega studs.
Like, you know, all guys are at the top of their game.
I mean, that was an elite team too.
And, and there was a bunch of, you know, ever since I've been here, the team's been chock full of really,
really good people, which, you know, you know how it goes.
Like that makes such a big difference in the locker room and like guys playing
for each other and, and, and stuff like that. And, uh, but this year's thing,
it's been, it's been interesting because we added like eight new guys. And,
uh, historically the Caps haven't really added anybody.
And so we added all these new guys
and no one knew how it was gonna work out.
It was like, they just like all slipped in just seamlessly.
And then they've all been having my career years.
It's been awesome, man.
What do you think did that?
Was it the way that Carberry addressed the team
and kind of like called out the elephant in the room
where it's like, hey, we got kind of this whack back
of all these guys that just got added to our roster.
Uh, was it maybe like a team bonding experience that you went on early on
where everybody got really like, you know, comfortable around each other
where it just felt right.
Really banged up.
Yeah.
That, well, I mean, the rookie parties earlier in the season can really help.
Or if you go get off the rails on one of these, like, uh, what was the one that
we did, I think we ended up going to like an army base or something at some point.
You took, you took us cause not a lot of us had like, I mean, including myself,
I didn't know much about fine dining at the time.
So biz you took the reins and we did our rookie party.
We did it.
You remember Justin Bieber was there.
No, what do you mean?
You took us to, you took us like downtown.
Uh, I forgot where you took us.
You took us to a place.
We ate dinner somewhere. We all dressed as a, we, we dressed, the rookies dressed as wrestlers.
And then you took us to a restaurant, like, you know, like we're all dressed, like eight guys dressed as wrestlers walking into this nice restaurant.
And then you took us to like a club after and yeah, Beavs was there. I didn't see him.
I don't even remember this. Yeah. So this is when we were in Manchester?
No, this is Ontario, I think.
Oh, Ontario.
OK, so we played our first year together
when we were in Manchester.
But I guess that next year, I mean,
I remember when we used to go to that, like, is it Chiquino's?
That was when I grabbed Blakey.
I got the card off Blakey.
And we ended up dropping like 15,000.
And he wanted me dead
They were like like the owner was probably like why the fuck is the HL guy spending 15 grand at a restaurant
That's like when they used to tell players like I remember
I'm not gonna tell the guys name of the guy was negotiating for more money in the America League and they're like hey
We're gonna feed you lunch next year though. That's at least like 15 grand
We can't give you the hundred that you wanted. We'll have to stick with the 85. Well, you're on the greener pastures now and
you're getting paid for what you're worth, right? So, uh, but what did you guys do? Did you guys do
like a rookie party earlier in the season? Was it, was it the way that he addressed the team? Like
what made it feel so good? We had some guys that were like joining our squad that that may have not had maybe a good
run at their last organization or maybe they weren't quite used as much as they they needed
to be. The role that they were in wasn't exactly like fitting them. Right. And then and then
like from that point of view, from like a hockey perspective is I think like everybody
that's slid into our organization so far has like had really big impacts in the lineup and that goes all the way from like a
Dubois who's
Arguably been one of our best players like the guy's been a maniac
He's he's been like fuck my kiss
like, you know, you know the guys you don't play with and you're like, you're like
I don't really know much about that guy
Like I don't know if he's that good and then you play with him and you're like, oh my god
Like this guy is elite. So doobie's like, I think he just
maybe didn't, didn't enjoy his role as much when he was on in
other organizations. And now I feel like he stepped in here.
And it's like, he's just been running with it. And he's been,
he's been like, a shutdown centerman, an offensive centerman,
a power play guy, like he can do it all. It goes all the way to
like, do hey, like I play with Dewey. I think we've live logged
more minutes with Dewey than I have with anybody all year and
Having a career year himself
Just tied his career goals
Stepped into a role like with me and him on the penalty kill and stuff like that where like guys can really embrace it and then
You go down the line like I could go through every guy like ratty, Royzy, Tom or
like I'm gonna forget someone in here, Chicky, all these guys like stepped into these roles and, and it's like, it fit them perfectly.
I feel like everyone's happy with what they're doing.
And that's another big thing with like a championship team is you, you know, guys got to accept their roles and be happy about it.
Otherwise it's kind of tough to ask guys to go out and block shots and do this and do that, which, you know, I don't think has, has been an issue at all this year.
But I mean, we've, we've definitely, we definitely off the ice.
We have a lot of guys that enjoy the pints and like to get together.
And that makes for like, yeah, that makes for like a great, a great team, but
there's no, no lack of effort for guys.
Like, you know, texting in the group and, you know, Hey, anybody want to go get a
beer, like, you know, you go watch the basketball game, whatever.
Um, we had a, uh, we had, uh, we a, we had like a team sponsored golf outing
at the beginning of the year when we,
when we went to Columbus, when that the numbers got kind of
cut down to where they were basically going to be the team.
We flew out to Columbus on the game day, played the game,
won, which always makes you feel better.
And then we stayed for like, like three days after that,
which is kind of her Columbus in Columbus,
which is kind of unheard of, right? Sounds like punishment. Yeah.
I mean, you think so, but Columbus is kind of sneaky. Awesome city.
I was just, but Grinnelli's got a top five in the United States.
Really? I don't know if I haven't ranked that high,
but the people are incredible there. Yeah. So it ended up being like,
we played the, we played this like double Eagle golf course,
which is like the owner of Columbus kind of Kenny McCutton, who are, is our
skills coach, who was one of the like most notorious hockey personalities,
like you'll ever meet in your life, like incredible human, but just, I mean,
I, you need to meet, you should have him on here.
That would actually be incredible.
Okay.
But anyway, so Kenny kind of set it up and so we play this like he lead golf course
It was like guys are like doing things out there. They shouldn't be done. There's like, you know guys are getting pretty after it
We don't have a game for like four or five days and and and I think you know
We rolled that into like we went watch like an MLS game in Columbus with the fellas and
like we you know got that all set up and that was awesome we got to watch
Massie play and we just rolled that in like another day and then I don't know I
felt like that was like the point at the beginning of the season where we really
got to know each other and we kind of got to step away from all the noise and
kind of see what type of people were dealing with and it's been awesome I
mean ever since then I feel like guys are really gelled
and it's one of the teams where it's like,
I feel like guys are like just as happy when Biz scores
as when like Nick scores.
Like if I'm on a bench, like if I score a goal, I'm pumped.
But if I see Dewey score a goal,
it's like, I'm just as pumped.
I feel though that there would probably be
just a little bit more excitement for number eight right now though when he gets his goals.
Yeah, I would agree. I would agree.
How soon in the season did that chatter start? Like was that in training camp too?
Is that kind of like a part of the rallying cry or just because he got off to such a hot start where you guys like, holy fuck, man, like we got something here to the point where this guy's gonna break it this year.
Cause right now when we're recording this interview,
he's five away from breaking Gretzky's record.
So right now, Gary Bettman and Wayne
are gonna be bunking up on the road.
They're gonna be following,
they're gonna be following this chase together.
So can you believe that it's actually happening this year
and how awesome has it been just being around this group,
winning, chasing
for the president's trophy, chasing this record together. And it just really seems like it's
been a magical year with them.
Yeah, man. It's been, there's a lot to like, you know, that's a little bit of a loaded
question, right? There's like so much shit going on. Um, and it's funny cause like, Oh,
doesn't like we joke about it. Like, well, you know, we'll, we'll be playing cards or
something or who we play, you know, and it's like, talk about the great chase, you know, and
it's, you know, history and you know, it's history, babe, you know, it's, it's, but
you know, he honestly doesn't talk about it.
Say that.
He'll say, Oh yeah, history, history.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, but he doesn't talk about it too much.
He doesn't bring a lot of attention to himself.
And I mean, it's obviously the elephant in the room.
Like we don't talk about it too much.
You know, you can find ways to like organically bring it up.
And, but, um, I mean, it, I think it's one of those things where it's like, uh, our team
is winning hockey games and always scoring goals.
So it's, it's, it's great, right?
Like there's, you know, he scores a huge goal against Winnipeg to tie it up and force
overtime, like guys are like, he immediately pumped that we tied it up with like six
minutes left against a great hockey team in Winnipeg.
But then it's like, he kind of triggers like, holy
shit, like he's got six more, you know?
And, uh, so I mean, I would say it's not a distraction.
He doesn't bring it up a lot.
I think, Oh, probably has to think about this shit a lot more than, you know, the
Nick Dowd's of the world that are playing next to him, but obviously like
we all want to see him succeed and we all want to be like the tiny fly on the wall.
They get to be there when it happens, right? You know, and like and we all want to be like the tiny fly on the wall. They get to be there when it happens.
Right.
You know, and like, it's going to be like some, like, like the, I've just, you know,
just you, you prayed to God that you're on the ice for the empty netter when he's, when
he's going for it.
So maybe you can get a tickle on it.
That'd be a nice trivia question.
Who assisted on the record breaking goal?
Nick Dowd, cause he wouldn't get off the ice.
He won the face off and was supposed to change, but he stayed out there.
Guy played 60 minutes, no TV timeouts.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, no, seriously.
But it'll, I mean, I think we're all thinking about it
and we all just like really want him to succeed
because like I said, it probably weighs a lot more.
I mean, the guy scored like, I ate, what is he, 890.
890 as of right now. I mean, it's it's insane man and like he does that with every single person in the building knowing like okay every time this guy gets a puck
he's gonna shoot it and
And he still does he still gets a puck he still shoots and you still so it's like I think that's probably one of the most
Impressive things to watch is like he he's like he's just he's still doing it
Even though it's like everyone knows he's gonna do's just he's still doing it even though it's like everyone
knows he's gonna do it he's still doing it how cool has it been seeing I guess
kids like old enough to understand too so it's kid in some cases been sitting
along the glass so has he been in the locker room a lot like I know you got
what two kids now yeah is it is it fun being in that mix with having all the
kids around the families and especially like seeing seeing like the
Eventually the greatest goal score of all time get to share that moment with his kid
Yeah, I mean, I think that's super special. I think the fact is serguei
Uh, nelia are right in the mix. I mean serguei is a little older. I'm sure they both understand but serguei
I think he might be around
seven now
Um, maybe a little older but like the guys on the, like high five and dad, like after Patrick's and stuff, you know, like, I mean, that
doesn't get any cool.
I see my kid during warmups and I'm like, you know, this guy's like high
five, giving him knocks after he scores his eighth goal of the night.
So it's like, you know, I mean, that's probably that, I mean, for all of
that's probably one of the coolest moments as a, as a, as a dad, as a
player, you know, getting to experience that I'm just like, for me,
prospectively wise, like I'm happy now that Louie's old enough to understand
that, like, dad plays the NHL.
And although, like, Lou treats the NHL as like, he's like, you know, he's like this,
because he's like, dad, are you leaving today?
I'm like, yeah, I got a game in Boston, man.
He's like, how many days?
I'm like, well, only two days.
He's like, two days is too long, you know?
Oh.
Where, so it's like, uh, it's like,
I'm glad that he knows I'm in the NHL.
Whereas like I said, like, uh, Sergey Ilya, they're like, you know, they're getting to
watch dad do something that no one else will do in history.
And they, and they kind of get to be a part of it, right?
Like there's going to be photos, there's going to be, um, you know, high fives on the
glass, like, you know, Oh, O kinda keeps all of his equipment for like,
he's gonna supposedly put it in a museum as he gets older.
But I think it's pretty special.
I mean, my kid wakes up in the morning.
Oh, come on, he'll be like,
Dad, Obe scored last night.
I'm like, no, I know, he's like, he's five or what?
You know?
So I was like, no.
You're like, no shit.
Dad, did you score? Did you score? No you know I didn't score you should score some more
Yeah, I know I should
Just giving it to you now. Hey listen you did get a nice little surprise from your kids though
You were presented with the caps care community award
I saw the video were you surprised that you got it? Like did you, were you aware at all
or were you more surprised that it was your wife
and kids delivering the news to you?
Yeah, I mean the whole thing,
I was surprised about the whole thing.
I kind of picked up on it like right before
that I might be like, okay, like maybe I'm gonna win this.
Like, I don't know because they basically were like,
yeah, like, you know, Tom Wilson won the inaugural
and Tommy, you know, Tommy's like, oh yeah, you know, and then I was like, okay,
so he's obviously not gonna win this one.
It's not something that you think about, right?
Like daily, like I didn't, I didn't even know this meeting.
To be honest, like this meeting happened
right after our 9.30 film.
And it like, you know, Carps was like, all right, guys,
we got another meeting at 9.45.
And I'm like, what the, like,
why do we have another meeting?
You're trying to get your stretches in,
you're trying to fuck a foam roller. You got your routine.
You're probably more mad than anything.
100, 100.
I'm like, Sir, I was like, you know, our PR guy,
I'm like, what are we doing here?
What is this?
And he's like, oh, he's like, we got another meeting
with the, you know, like the PR.
I'm like, all right, you know, like, okay, like,
I'm not going to be able to warm up today, you know?
And so then I go and sit down and they go
through the whole thing and it kind of starts clicking,
but I had no clue.
I thought, I thought maybe they were going to bring it kind of starts clicking but I had no clue I thought
I thought maybe they were going to bring in one of the families that I worked with
um, you know that had come to the game or something like that, but then like yeah, like when
When lou rounded the corner with that little sign man, that was uh,
Yeah, like I had all the feels having gone. That's awesome, dude
And what exactly are you doing in the community where you ended up getting this this award? Like what was it that kind of struck a nerve with you in order to give back?
Yeah, so I mean not to do it too long
But when I was in Vancouver my wife Paige she's honestly the one that I can thank for all this and I'm glad I had this
Whole moment because I forgot to thank her in the in the speech where I got the award. Oh, yeah
No, you're getting all jammed up. You're like, oh, I'm trying to get my stretches in now
it's hard to roll on and accept things like that. But, um, yeah. So, uh,
honestly it was all her. I'm just, I have the platform, but it was,
it was her that got all this role and she should really get the award. But I, uh,
in Vancouver, she wanted to start doing something with autism. She,
she graduated with a speech pathology degree from St. Cloud.
So she had already worked with autistic kids and families in that manner.
And then, uh, we got shipped from Vancouver to, you know, didn't re-sign there.
So that kind of fell apart, uh, when they were doing stuff with Vancouver briefly.
And then we went to Washington and she kind of like, we had no kids at the time.
So she had a little bit more time on our hands and basically, uh, along with like
monumental and the people that worked there for the capital, she wanted to start a like basically a
foundation that works with autistic kids in some capacity and kind of makes hockey
you know for everybody. And so long story short we started Dallas Crowd which is
our foundation partnered with Monumental., we have a wonderful, uh, woman in, you know, named Caroline who helps us
out a ton, she's with what, with the cap, she does all the behind the
same things for community outreach.
People can write in generally what happens is parents write in about
their kids, um, you know, and why they should be, uh, brought to the game and,
and what makes their kid, uh, special to them and, and me, me and my wife read
these, we pick them based off of, of based off of that, based off of how the parents
kind of talk about their children and because we have kids now too, right?
So that hits home.
And then we, we sponsor them financially, we take care of the tickets, we do a meet
and greet after the game.
Paige puts together these sensory kits, which you can imagine it's anybody that
has any type of disability with light sound anything that bugs them in the
stadium I mean you know the stadium is loud right you're gonna walk through the
metal detectors you know you're gonna you're gonna you're gonna see a lot of
people there's gonna be mascots everywhere like things that people don't
think about if they don't have some type
of switch to, to loud noises or people or crowds or stadiums, um, especially
children.
And, uh, so we bring them to the game.
We meet with them after a game, a bunch of signed stuff.
We, with the families, um, and generally it's, I mean, actually not
generally it's been incredible.
We've, we've stayed in touch with a lot of these families.
Um, I'd say probably the most meaningful thing is,
is like these, like these parents come in
and they're generally like lifelong Cavs fans,
but they're like, oh, like, you know,
my son maybe has autism and he's eight.
And we have an 11 year old girl
who used to come to games with us,
but we haven't been to games because since we overload
and we've, you we've been scared that
if we purchase thousand dollars worth of tickets, we come here and we can't even get through
the door.
So these parents are like, you know, this is, you can just see how excited they are to
do something that they've done and they get to share that experience with their kid who
may have autism or may have a sensory disability.
And then generally, I mean, not generally, but again, like their kids have loved it
and they come to more cats games
and they're like totally relieved
that they can have a family outing together.
So it's been.
That's unreal, dude.
That's really special.
You're always an amazing guy, man.
No shocker that you're doing stuff like that
in your new community.
And one of the others, it's hard to shift out of that,
but speaking of other amazing things,
that tunnel you guys got going on the way out.
Bands make a dance.
Bands make a dance.
I saw all the antics with TJ Oshie and Tom Wilson.
Where are you at in the pecking order
and what are the funniest ones that you're seeing
other than obviously OV Chirping Chickering
about the bands make a dance? Where did that come from? Is that a tune that's playing in
the locker room? What other SNM crazy shits going on in that tunnel that we
don't know about? Oh man we got we got so many things I mean coming here a long
time ago I felt like Osha's the guy that brought all that you know so it's sad
that we don't have him there because he's the man when it comes to that stuff
but there's like they got something going on. I'm not in the hallway yet, but like
Something I mean you guys have seen it like when they were playing Vegas
I think they had it going on but it's like Ovi says something like, you know
I got my chicken parm babe or something like sprinkles like parmesan. I don't know. I can use to it
I'm not out there man. But it's like the stuff
I hear him and Willie like getting into it the stuff that I hear when I'm not out there,, but it's like the stuff I hear him and Willie like getting into it the stuff that I hear
When i'm not out there, right? Like it's just um, the band's
Why is it the chicken parm thing for he just loves chicken parm? Ovi?
And then he sprinkles more parmesan on it. That's what he does. That's the
They go like this and sprinkle more. He's like way up high like he's like
He's a sauce crosser apparently voidd Gordon said when he played with him
He's a what? He would take the marinara
And throw some marinara on and then you would use the same ladle and go over to the alfredo
So he would get the marinara sauce in the alfredo and you should drive gordal bananas
Is he still crossing the sauces? No, He must be a savage at the pregame meals.
He's very respectful, very respectful.
But I will tell you this, I'm not gonna give away
too much stuff, but I think if you wanna get a camera
in there and you guys can track it all,
but our team, including myself, if I didn't say that,
my boys would give me heat, but probably one of the most superstitious teams
That I've ever been a part of no way. Oh, yeah
like we we could go really deep but like like the chicken parm thing is probably from like
12 years ago for all like we know right like it
you know it has not maybe all like had chicken parm and he had like, you know a double hat trick and then it just
stepped on from there and like You know like the same stuff that I do, like I have a handshake with, with almost every
single guy. I mean, some of it's not different. Some of it's just like pretty simple, but like
I got one with Willie. I got a Johnny one and Ovi one, a Martin Faribari one, a Protoss one.
I mean, they're, yeah, they're just there. It's, it's, but it keeps a light man, which is great.
Like you go into a, you go into that hallway. It's like, it's like, you're, yeah, they're just there. It's, it's, but it keeps a light man, which is great. Like you go into a, you go into that hallway.
It's like, it's like, you're going to go play a game
with the NHL and you know, like always you do it.
The bands to make her dance and all this stuff.
Like everyone's dying, laughing.
Like it's, it just keeps it light.
Cause they just kind of say it in different tones.
And then the camera's already in there.
You could see the smile on their faces.
So you almost feel like you're a part of the group.
That's why when Oshi was gone, I felt like he was the catalyst in all of
it. When he'd be doing those cup checks with Tom Wilson, I was a little sad when
he wasn't around anymore. But it's nice to see that you guys have continued that
tradition and keeping the fucker year long in the hallway. I know
you're worried about all your other stuff going on before the
game. So you're probably not getting too, too deep into the handshake.
Yeah. Yeah. You remember, you remember a lot of shit going on.
You were, you were man, like you were a man of routine and you were extremely
professional and you kept up that routine.
And that's why you were always ready to play.
And that's why you've evolved into the player you have at the NHL level.
I appreciate that man. Thanks.
So you were, we were talking about the pregame meal with the chickenL level. I appreciate that man, thanks. Yeah. You were, we were talking about the pregame meal
with the chicken parm.
Is it weird having pregame meal with Chickren?
Does he have a completely different menu?
Because there's been a lot of stories coming out
about how just crazy his diet is.
No more Tesla, can't sit on the battery.
They're saying that he's,
I don't think he's doing cell phones anymore. Uh, candle lit. Everything's candle lit in his house. He, he apparently said that it's
been, it's been overblown, but he's obviously been very disciplined about his approach to
how he handles things, especially diet wise.
A lot of it has been overblown. I mean, I think, you know, there's some stuff like said
to the media that got taken and ran with and like chickies like chiqui fine a guy who's like I don't even care if people say that you know so he's
like off social media so you know he's just like I don't he's like whatever you know this is all
noise he's just worried about getting to 40 rips because that's what he's basically on pace for but
yeah but no I mean he yeah he's a he's a specimen man I mean he's uh he's he's ripped so he and he
and you know he's a horse um you know and congrats to him on that new contract I mean, he's, uh, he's, he's ripped. So he, and he, and, you know, he's a horse.
Um, you know, and congrats to him on that new contract.
I mean, uh, we got, I think we got, you know, any given night, regardless of,
you know, who's in and who's out injury, like our, our defensive, uh, core is
probably in my opinion, one of the best in NHL, man, they're studs.
So, but yeah, tricky.
Um, uh, I think it all got overblown.
I don't think he's, you know, I don't know.
Maybe him and the wife are doing candlelit dinners.
Maybe that's what was said.
And then, you know, I kind of got blown into no light bulbs.
But, you know, he's a man of routine.
He's very into, oh, he's like you.
He's like very into it with his body.
Remember you had that, you had the,
you were massaging the quads before the game.
You're telling me about the QLs.
You gotta get a little.
Well, I was trying to wake him up for fuck's sake.
I'm older than you fucking were then.
He's trying to score 30 goals.
I'm just trying to get 30 shifts in a season.
Now I'm just trying to get a shot.
That's how hard it is.
Yeah, well, you're always defensive minded.
How about this?
Is it Protoss?
Is that how you say it?
Protoss?
Is he Russian?
Bella Russian.
So does he speak like fluently with Ovi? Like is that, yeah.
Yeah. But he's just been an absolute force to be reckoned with another guy who's taken
a massive step, one of the best contracts in the league too. So, I mean,
it's gotta be fun seeing that, seeing the dynamic between him and Ovi.
Bro's taken a, along with like, you know, McMichael, you know,
there's some younger guys, I'm gonna forget guys too,
but guys have, you know, those two like obviously started
the season off incredibly well,
helped our team win a ton of hockey games as young guy.
And you know how it works, right?
Like you need guys like that to step up and those two did,
but yeah, Pro's been, yeah, all of a sudden it's like, man,
he's like picked up like five steps on the ice.
Like the guys can actually gallop, you know? So, uh, yeah, it's been fun, man.
I mean, he just reached 30 rips the other night, which is, I mean, uh, it's,
it's impressive.
So, but yeah, I mean, he played, he played, he plays with, oh, he plays
really well with the, oh, and he finds him and pros, like a great all around player.
It's kind of like they re-birthed another Tom Wilson, maybe not as
as squirrely as Tom Wilson.
Were you guys, uh, Were you guys a little surprised
when he didn't make the Four Nations?
I think it was something where it's like,
you're telling me that any team
couldn't use Tom on their team, right?
I mean, I think the guy can score goals.
He can act like there's not a puck out there
if he needs to, and he's a force to be reckoned with.
So I mean, he's a great, great hockey player, great person.
Like, you know, he can fit in with any team.
He's a leader.
I mean, yeah, I mean, I mean, they won, right?
So like, you can't really say too much, but I think that, you know,
it'd be, should he be on the Olympic team in my opinion?
Probably.
Yeah.
I mean, why wouldn't you put them on there?
Right.
Like, um, I think there's a couple guys in our team
that could be on the Olympic teams in their countries.
But Willie would definitely,
I think you should be on there for sure.
For you personally with Carl Berry,
like what did he instill in you
when he first came on board last year?
Like this year you've had a great year offensively,
12 goals, 12 assists I believe I saw.
Like what's your relationship with like him and where do you feel like you fit in? I think, you know, I believe I saw. Like what's your relationship with like him
and where do you feel like you fit in?
I think, you know, I was really able to gain a lot
of traction in my career under Labu-ette.
You know, I got a big, like, you know, I owe him a lot, right?
Like he was the first person,
I didn't even know I was this type of player.
Like, I mean, you know, we all think we're one thing
trying to get to the NHL and then you gotta realize
that like, man, there's a lot better people out
there that are better at this than me.
So I'm going to have to figure something out.
And it took me a while to figure it out, but lab.
He kind of helped me.
Figure that out a little bit.
Um, you know, that was just back when I was playing with Hathaway and Haglin and
we kind of turned into a shutdown line.
And I kind of just stuck with that, you know, for the last four or five,
six years, whatever it's been.
Um, but with carbs, I think.
I think at that point in my career, I was pretty well established in what I, what I
did and what made me a good hockey player, like the roots of my game, right?
Like I was a shutdown centerman.
Have to be get a face offs, a good penalty killer, like, you know, trying to do the
right things on the ice and try and chip in offensively.
And that that's kind of what's going to make, make it make my game tick.
I think, you know, what was good is that I feel like he kind of understood, okay,
like this is what I'm going to get from Nick every night.
But I felt like he did a good job of like trying to like push me a little bit
offensively and add to my game that way.
Uh, to be honest, like we, you know, it's, it's one of those things where it's
like, if I, if I'm going to have a, you know, if carbs isn't going to talk to me, it's usually like a whack, right?
It's like, so it's like, I'm not, most of the time we're not chatting unless it's, you know, you know, high by whatever in the, in the rink at that.
But so it's like, oh, it's like, he's, he's gonna pull me aside.
It's typically like, oh, like you got to do this better.
That's so I wouldn't say we talk a whole bunch.
Um, but I mean, we have a good relationship.
Like I think it's just at 34 now, right?
So I think I understand and kind of like can perceive
like, you know, what makes me a good hockey player
and what can I do to help the team out?
And you know, every now and then you get away from that
and you get whacked and you get back into it.
But yeah, I think overall-
The old Stuttsie PP Whack? Yeah, Stuttsie. Is he as hard? He's not as hardcore as Stutsey. Is he?
No, it seems like a little bit more calm demeanor. Yeah, he is. Yeah, he is. I mean, I, I still talk about Stutsey, man. I still remember that time. I was, I was still basically a rookie, but I felt so good about myself. I sent you in there telling you that Stutzy needed to see you and you walked in there right in the middle of a meeting
and Stutzy looks at you and goes,
what the fuck you doing in here, Biz?
You're a fucking asshole.
I do remember that.
It was, I think it was a leadership meeting
and they're like, yeah, we don't need you in here.
One other thing I wanted to ask you about was Ryan Leonard.
So he just signed, he's coming in.
Like this is a guy who people thought he was gonna come in
at the beginning of the year
and sign at the end of last year after school,
but he takes that one extra year, he has an awesome year,
and then now all of a sudden,
like he's the type of guy who's coming out of college
who might even be able to help your lineup instantly.
Don't know where he's gonna fit in,
but have you got a chance to talk with him? Like maybe in training camp? Like, like what are your
expectations for, for this young stud?
I think obviously at this point in the season, we've put ourselves into a great position.
I'm sure the organization is going to, you know, he signed, signed today. I'm sure the
organization is going to want to give him an opportunity to play some games. Um, you know, don't know when that's gonna be but I think they're gonna want to see what he can do, right?
I mean, you know, I think that's the whole point. That's why he draft guys in the first round and
I've only met him once we met at the at the garden actually
I think it was last year or the beginning of this year one of the two
You know, and obviously he's from around here or went to school around here.
So he dropped in and watched the game.
I just said hi to him, talked to him for a little bit.
I went to college.
So you kind of got that immediate kind of a connection,
but yeah, other than that, I texted him,
just texted him today along with a bunch of other guys,
I'm sure, and just welcoming the team saying congrats.
And I think with anything,
you can have the ability for those college
players that sometimes step in and be really good.
Uh, and then, so I'm sure that's the hope.
So well, we saw firsthand with Adrian Kempe, remember when Kempe came in and that color
cup run, they're like a couple of games before playoffs started.
They threw them in the mix.
I think he had like eight or nine goals in that run.
So you never know when a, when a young kid like come in like that.
Any other funny shit going on around the locker room?
Like what are some other big stories?
I mean, this Connor McMichael kid lit the world on fire too.
He had a great pop off year.
What's he like?
And what do you think the reason are for his successes this year?
I mean, yeah, he did.
He had a great start, man.
I think a lot of Connor, honestly, I think it was probably just confidence, right?
Like he came in playing for a coach that had played,
that had knew him, had history on him.
You know, I don't know if that, and I think he had him in the
American League when he was with Hershey for a bit.
And it's just confidence, right?
Like, you know how it goes.
Like, guys start feeling good about himself.
He knows the coach trusts him.
He knows the coach feels good about himself.
He can go out there and play his game and yeah
He's been he's been dynamite this year man. He's a he's a great player like a really good player
He can do it all I think you know one of the few young guys that can actually play defense
You know and I think that you know right now the emphasis is on scoring scoring scoring and Mikey can do that no question
I mean, he's got like 20 some rips, but all. He's the only kill. He's on the power play.
He's a stud. So.
You alluded to you're 34 now. You're getting old.
I'm old.
I always remembered you as some young guy.
Who do you hang out with as far as the older guys on the team? Is John Carlson a guy you hang out with?
Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's the, I say that's the one, one of the great things
about our team that is a little bit different than, than a lot of teams is
that like, I go, like I go to dinner with a different crew almost every time.
You know, I mean, it's, it's not the same fellas, right?
Like I, I go to dinner, like basically it's just in the, in like a
couple of different group chats, right?
Like, Hey, what's for dinner tonight?
Or, Hey, can I join you join your, you know, like guys?
Yeah.
So I, I, I hang out, but it's, I like hanging out with the young guys.
I mean, they got some, they got some weird stuff going on now.
Some of the clothes they wear, you know, some of the, you just, you
just rip them the entire meal.
What are they wearing though?
The off white sneaker shit.
Is that what you're chirping?
It's like all types of shit.
Like, you know, do hands big into kiss, which I had never even heard of.
I know.
But so it chickens into that stuff too.
He was wearing all that stuff.
He's a bit of a sneaker head.
What's the type?
Are the they're called hype beasts.
These kids, I don't even know.
So what like they pay like 150 bucks for a t-shirt because it says kit on it.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So yeah, like, like, like do likeois. And my kid calls him Dubois.
I almost called him Dubois.
But yeah, so Doobie's like, I mean,
like he shows up the other day.
He's got like a members only jacket on from like YSL.
I'm like, I'm like, my brother had that back in the eighties.
Like that, like, and he was like,
what's the members only jacket?
I'm like, pull it up.
He's like, I'm like, look at this, man.
He's like, oh yeah.
It's like, he's like, yeah, this is a YSL jacket.
I found this at a thrift store somewhere on my, well, that's kind of cool, I. He's like, oh yeah. It's like, he's like, yeah, this is a YSL jacket. I found this at a thrift store somewhere on my way.
That's kind of cool, I guess.
But like, you know, everything he's got like,
he's into it.
Is that Dubois single?
He's a fucking stallion.
You guys got a few stallions on that team.
He's got a fiance now actually.
No shit.
Congrats to him.
Yeah, she's great.
She's awesome.
So I think he got lucky with her.
So he seems like the nicest guy.
Like I don't know if things didn't necessarily pan out for him in LA.
I don't know what, like you said,
maybe it was where they had them slotted or like what he was playing or.
Yeah. I mean, you got it. Like, you know, you got a, you got a horse.
Like you can't play him like 11 minutes. Right. And I'm not saying they did in LA,
but I'm just saying like, I mean, you kind of got to let those guys play and then
they get better and better and better.
And I feel like that's kind of what he's done this year. So that's awesome.
Well, buddy, we thank you for joining us.
We've ran a little bit long.
Uh, this is an incredible run, man.
I hope you guys end up pulling in the president's trophy.
You guys are going head to head with Winnipeg right now.
And I hope you're able to be a part of OV breaking the goal record.
I would imagine it comes in the last few games of the season and, uh, hopefully
just hopefully you get that, that assist on it, bud
Yeah, yeah, I mean the worst comes the worst. Hopefully I'll be right there on the bench with the fellas. So alright
Well, buddy, thanks so much for coming on. I think this
Thank you very much to Nick Dowd great guy
We'll see what he brings to the first round against the Canadians. Guys, the Rangers are a disaster.
Just kind of a nightmare season, the fourth team ever to win the
president's trophy and then not make the playoffs the following season.
Same with Montreal. No one's seeing what they did.
I imagine every one of us had the Rangers in at least the top three spot in the
Metro. Got out to a great
start and then we're just like a bottom five team in the league for what felt like, I don't
know, 60 games.
Weren't able to get in and Calvin DeHaan kind of got in the news.
Apparently he came over.
Two of his first games, maybe two of his first three games, they won with shutouts and then he's just been Roboda Island
Not playing health bombed every game bag skate after bag skate biz
You know the feeling brutal and he's walking on to the ice and I believe he said
Can you believe how they're treating me here?
I'm like kind of like it was something to that extent of like they are just fucking with me like
Almost over. I can't believe can't believe Like how I'm getting treated. Yeah, he said it's like almost over.
I can't believe the way I've been treated here.
Yes, yes.
And then got off the ice,
and I think was gonna address it,
but the team kinda told him not to.
He ends up sending out a tweet.
I'm sure he would have much rather kinda sat
in front of some reporters and a camera
and explained his thoughts, but where do they go from here?
Like they're they're they got some older guys as a benefit to contract.
I think he has five more seasons.
Crider has another year.
The only the only kind of like good news on the year was Sam Rose
and finished his legendary career, the voice of the Rangers and Kenny Albert.
The news is taking over. Sam Rosen finished his legendary career, the voice of the Rangers, and Kenny Albert,
the news is taking over.
So incredible sendoff to Sam Rosen,
and Kenny Albert will be in there,
but the hockey club itself is in one.
I think they had a situation though
where everybody had bad years, right?
LaFreniere got his deal,
I don't think that he played up to his potential.
Shusterkin even, they had to worry about his deal
at the start of the year,
so maybe that was a bit of distraction.
The Truba issue, so it just seems like there was a lot
of shit internally that they had to figure out this year.
And yeah, it went off the rails.
I think we've talked about this before.
I don't think it's going to be an issue for them
to continue to attract free agents,
just because it's the New York Rangers and the way that they treat their players.
But yeah, as you could speak more of it, it's, it's not a good thing that a lot of players
are now being vocal about the fact of how cutthroat they are, how they treat their guys.
They also in a situation of not even players on the ice, but people who worked for the
organization for long periods of time were let go
over the last 18 months that people were surprised by.
So I don't know if that trickle down
is starting to become cancerous as far as people
wanting to even be there and potentially be the next guy
out the door quickly if things aren't going right.
Yeah, so my thing is when I got to the Rangers,
my first eight and
a half years in Phoenix, you know, like you were there for the majority of them.
There's like, it was budget team, you know, not getting, you know, the fruits,
the labor that, you know, other NHL teams were getting, and then you go to the
Rangers and everything's first class.
You get, they were an amazing organization, but I think for them,
every team's kind of got to that point where the New York ranges are. They've kind of set the standard, but all these other teams are there now.
And team and guys are probably like, I don't have to go to New York to get treated
this well, I can go to a team like Florida or Tampa or Vegas and still get treated
like that and not pay state taxes busy.
So I, I think, I think it's kind of one of those things where guys might, you
know, not want to sign there as much as they did in the past, just cause of the
whole, you know, you know, the whole field being a New York ranger, it, it, it,
it truly is one of the best things in wit.
I remember you coming to our games there when we were playing.
The atmosphere is amazing.
They treat you like gods, especially when you're playing well.
So, but I just, for some reason feel like it's kind of lost that luster a little
bit where the other teams have caught up and they, you know, the product on the
ice hasn't been to where it needs to be to stay, stay having guys wanting to be there every single year and guys begging to
sign there in the summertime. But I think Drew, um,
I think he's done a great job there. I think he's kinda, I don't know the whole,
you know, if his hands have been tied in some trades, you know,
with the ownership there. So you,
there's probably a lot to unpack as a, as a Rangers fan, but it's tough to
see cause as a team that you want to see in the playoffs, you want them to see, do
well, um, you know, it just hasn't been there and it looks like Drury tried
everything this year, you bring in a guy like JT Miller, you trade your captain.
Uh, I do think they're a little quick to trade guys there.
Um, but yeah, I don't know.
It just seems like all the other teams have kind of caught up to where they are, um,
with how they treat their guys.
And, you know, it might not be the destination that everyone has on the top of their list.
Murls, do they, do they fire La Violette in your opinion?
Yeah, they, they look like a team that quit on their coach.
I don't see any heart.
I don't see any like discipline of playing a system. They're all kind of just out there playing a beer league skate
I would definitely you know, I'm not the biggest fan of his but something's got to change there
You always start with the coach but on a positive note
I just saw the score come through Matt Rempe is third goal the season
So that cash is his over two and a half goals for the season.
So that's what you're bringing.
That's what you're bringing to the,
to the Rangers breakdown, a, the Matt Rempey.
Hey, that's a cash ticket.
Hey, let's, let's go through the list.
Sabanajad off year.
He was not, he might not be what he's paid to do.
Like again, might not be that way again.
Lafreniere. I would, ever since he signed the deal.
What? Yeah.
He was good until that deal, then done.
He got the deal, not good.
Shusterkin, for his standard, not great.
Adam Fox, he had a brutal year.
He was brutal. Yeah, injured.
I think he's banged up.
Keandre Miller, not a great year, right?
You can keep, Crider, brutal.
I don't even, I don't think Crider's even gonna be there.
At one point you probably, would you not have agreed
that Crider was on pace to have his number to the Rafters?
He's like, don't they call him Mr. Ranger?
He might go down as one of the highest scoring.
Yeah, but if it's just this year, I don't think,
if they were gonna retire as Jersey, I don't think, if they were going to retire as Jersey,
I don't think this one season would have them not. Are you saying that he needed a couple
more years?
But I'm saying that is this season here, to me, looks like he won't be there moving forward.
Yes.
Like, I don't know if, are they going to trade him in the off season? Like, I feel like the
relationship has soured a little bit. So in order to get his number to the rafters,
I would have said, well, if he kept doing this consistently
for another two, three years, you might be looking,
and G can look it up, is he not one of,
if not the highest scoring ranger of all time?
Like how many, pop up the list.
Or he would have been potentially able to pass that number.
So it just, it was a year from hell from the Rangers and a big letdown after
Everything that we saw last year with them winning the president's trophy and then them falling short in that series against the Florida Panthers
So third all-time in goals behind Rod Gilbert and John Rattell
So there how many how many goals in the past?s, these are the one. 253 goals, John Rotel has 481 and Rod Gilbert has 615.
Oh fuck, wow.
Rod Gilbert.
Okay, those are some old school stats that nobody's going to touch I guess.
What did G call him?
Gilbert, like it's your buddy Tom.
Tom.
Tom Gilbert from Wisconsin.
A little righty legend.
Wasn't he a righty?
A little righty legend?
Yeah, he wasn't even that little.
He was nasty too.
He was nasty.
Let me ask you guys something.
You had Shasterkin, a little bit of a contract dispute, nothing too crazy like the one up
in Boston that was really crazy.
And then both teams, they kind of seem similar where it's just a complete vibe killer compared to the last
Couple years we've seen them any any weight on that that it's it started with both those goalies
I think that's a I think you could see Swamen and Shastr can have big-time bounce back years next year
Yeah, yeah
with a full off season of no thought of
Contract extension and all the security that they have and the money that they're gonna make it's like all right Yeah, yeah. For sure. I've been on that. With a full off season of no thought of contract extension
and all the security that they have
and the money that they're gonna make,
it's like, all right, let's get back to basics.
Let's have a great summer.
Now, I don't know about the Bruins with Swamins case.
Like, what kind of team are they gonna have next year?
Maybe he's playing great, but his numbers aren't good.
But it's like, wow, without him, they'd be really awful.
And Shusterkin, yeah, the Rangers, they have to make some moves. They got to get, I assume, a new coach in there.
And then I think Panarin only has one more year. Maybe there's a chance at looking at
different buyouts, but I don't know the possibilities. I'm not really well aware
of their exact financials and how that's going to work in the summer. But the free agency route
that you talk about with the way they got Panarin and how you
can get guys that you want that want to actually be on your team, you don't become like a
true contender that way anymore.
You know, you need these like elite prospects coming in.
You need guys that are drafted high that end up being game breakers and you can't rely
like maybe they go out and try to get Marner if he hits free agency,
but then they already have Panarin who's a smaller righty.
I don't know.
But it's going to be weird to see if the summer all of a sudden,
like some questions aren't answered.
I do like that Will Cooley a lot.
He's kind of nails plays tough.
He has 20 goals this year.
So that's a younger guy they got going in the system.
We'll see. Gabe Perot came in. I saw he ended up getting scratched. Maybe even could spend time in the
AHL. I don't know if he'll be ready to be dominant in the NHL, but that kind of leads us over to
Celebrey. He had a three goal, two assist game. It was incredible to watch. Will Smith,
I don't know how many points he had that game, but they are fun to watch right now. Like San Jose coming down the stretch,
playing loose, playing free.
You're seeing those two rookies.
Like I can't imagine how long
and how good they're gonna be together.
I don't know if you guys caught that game,
but that was an exciting one.
Yeah.
In other news, Alec Martinez announced his retirement
along with Pat Maroon.
This guy scored that goal to win the Cup for L.A.
against the Rangers steady, just kind of had him like Scuds.
I know I kind of use Scuds a lot, but 21 minutes, no mistakes when you're out there.
You know exactly what you're going to get.
The D coach just loves them.
And what a career. I just want to say congrats.
Biz, do you know him at all?
I got to spend a little time with him in that organization.
Just a workhorse, true professional,
shot blocking machine, will sacrifice his body
in any way he can to help them win the team.
And did he not score a huge goal against the Blackhawks, too?
I think he scored in the conference finals against the Blackhawks too, I think he scored in the conference finals
against the Blackhawks, so he had some monumental goals
for that LA Kings team and a huge component to those runs
and then moves on to the Vegas Gold Knights
and gets it done there, three time Stanley Cup winner,
six cups between him and Patty Maroon retiring
at the end of this season for the Chicago Blackhawks.
So hopefully they were able to sprinkle some of their,
you know, their veteran leadership
and their winning ways on that team
and the young team in Chicago.
And I mean, tip of the cap to both guys,
but especially a little bit more involved
as far as minutes played and lugging the mail
for Alex Martinez and what a hell of a run, man.
He had that scary eye injury too that he bounced back from.
So once again, just a warrior and he deserves his flower
and hopefully some rest in retirement.
Well deserved, my friend.
Biz, you were bang on and the fact I didn't remember this
is a disgrace because he got the overtime winner
in game seven against the Blackhawks in 2014.
Holy fuck, so he scored the, was that the same year
he got the winner against the fucking, the Rangers,
or was that a separate year?
They won in 12 and 14?
Which one was the Rangers and the Devils, Pasha? I think their first one was against the Devils in 12 and 14. Which one was the Rangers and the Devils, Pasha?
I think their first one was against the Devils in 12.
So he scored.
It would have been Game 7 OT and the OT winner
the same season?
Wow!
That's ridiculous.
Jesus Christ.
Get the man a blowjob.
But yeah, that's pretty much all.
I think that there's rumblings.
It also might be coutures last season.
I know a press conference tomorrow
that he's not going to be able to continue his career.
That was Frank Saravalli reported.
Scheduled to hold a press conference Tuesday, so today,
to announce that he's unable to continue playing
because of his injury.
Really tough way for this guy to end his career.
Frank's tweet also said that he led the playoffs in separate years in goals, assists and points.
I just think of him as just like in your face, so skilled, he had a great release.
You'd watch those 10 o'clock Sharks games, playoffs, that he would just show up.
They went to the finals against Pittsburgh and he signed that massive ticket.
Gee, can you kind of look up what the exact injury was?
I know it's hip related, but he was a top end player in the NHL.
And all of a sudden, he's given it his best.
And you see Landiscaug, who's gone through three years, and he's coming back, and it
doesn't seem like Kachur's going to be able to.
That's unfair.
That sucks.
You feel for him, but I don't know if you have any memories of playing against him, Keith.
My fondest memory of him is at the All-Star game in Ottawa.
He did the... It was kind of before guys kind of got the crowd involved and all that stuff.
And he played in Ottawa in junior for the... What's his name? 67?
And they were doing like the breakaway contest.
And he took his Jersey off and he had his Ottawa 67 Jersey on.
So I thought that was cool.
Place went nuts for him.
Um, yeah, just, I remember like his demeanor when he was playing, he was a
calm guy off the ice, though, you know, wasn't high, you know, bringing energy
or anything, but just a cool dude on the ice,
just played hard, did what it took to win.
You think of him and Thornton and Marlowe, like those guys with those great teams
for so long and terrible to hear that he has to end his career, you know, like this.
And, you know, a guy that, you know, cemented his name in, in shark's history.
And Alec Martinez and Patty Maruntzu, I just want to say amazing careers from both of those guys.
True pros of pros, you know,
were amazing leaders, amazing winners. They both got their tops and,
they'll be messed in the game for sure.
Yeah. He ended up scoring 701 points, 323 goals,
116 playoff games, 48 goals, which is tied with Pavelski for
the second most in franchise history behind Patrick Marlowe.
Yeah, that's it, boys.
We're into the playoffs.
We're ready to go.
We got coming at you Wednesday this week, tomorrow, Game Notes, 12 Eastern.
We will be back on Friday.
And then we're into the mix.
We're into the mix.
We're coming to you every week,
Monday, game notes Wednesday, Chicklet's back again Friday. I cannot wait to see the exact series
when we get the exact matchups, what's going to go down and the Frozen 4 vlog on YouTube Thursday.
Murl's Army and G and Memesie, they ran around St. Louis like a couple of lunatics and the vlog
will be out Thursday at I'm guessing 12 Eastern
Go ahead and back with obviously four breakdowns of potential matchups praying for the Battle of Alberta
The Battle of Florida. What would you guys like to see? I'd like to see Winnipeg, Minnesota
What do you mean the Battle of Alberta? I want to see Winnipeg, Calgary
I want to see Winnipeg-Calgary.
Battle of Ontario! Battle of Ontario, Biz.
I said that.
I said Battle of...
No, you said Alberta.
Your head's not even in the playoffs, man.
No way, I said Battle of Alberta.
You're out of the...
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, I can't wait to talk about that series.
I can't wait to talk about Toronto, baby.
I want to see the Blues versus Winnipeg.
I think they can disrupt them,
and I think that's the 8-1 upset we can get,
and that would wow
Mix and tonight guys
Hockey fans you got playoff hockey a little early starting tonight
St. Louis, Utah Minnesota Anaheim we got action out west and out east
We'll see if Montreal gets it done by now, you know, if you're listening, we love you all
Incredible show had a blast catching up with you guys Murr G thanks for all what you guys did in st.
Louis and I'll be watching on Wednesday peace Even if I could go away I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to wear
I don't know any other way
Even if I could go away
I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to break
I'll get you someday
