Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spittin' Chicklets! What is up, folks?
Welcome to the second episode of the week.
It's playoff time, baby.
Episode 555 of Spitting Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney,
whether it's the big old bottle, the little shooters, the little nips,
the Mickey biz. They call it the Mickey in Canada. We got all sizes.
It's one flavor, but we got all sizes.
It tastes phenomenal and it's summertime's coming. It's we're not there yet.
We're in spring, but the warmer the weather, the better the Pink Whitney.
And I'm telling you guys, if you haven't given it a try yet,
just go give it a shot.
Mix in a water in between every drink,
but go give it a shot, no pun intended.
And Pink Whitney's the drink for you,
and this is the podcast for you,
and what is going on, guys?
How you doing?
After that read of the Pink Whitney,
I mean, there's no better person to do it.
Well, he's not reading it.
That's off the top of the dome.
Yeah, that's fucking B. I'm going dome piece there.
That's B rabbit. We can get into my dome. You got a lot going on with your dome.
We got a hair dye controversy. But Biz what's going on with you? I just had the final regular
season broadcast for TNT. We handed out Mr. TNT award. Obviously Ovi took it down. Seven goals on
the TNT broadcast this year. A of them at Dean Etter is but nonetheless
Every time he was on the broadcast he delivered. It was a great night. We all had our tuxedos on
I was getting chirped online one guy one Vegas Gold Knights fan was saying
This is the only guy who makes a tux look bad on the planet says he should be parking my fucking car
So I brought him up on the broadcast and started chirping him.
And then Hank of course.
I saw you tell him too, it's a rental.
It's a rental, it's a rental, straight.
It looked it.
Yeah, that one's going right back.
I'm not paying for it.
And of course Hank looked unbelievable,
not a hair out of place.
Yeah, and he owns his for sure, I think.
He owns his.
He's got like three tuxedos.
I bet he has seven, yeah.
Or seven, but actually three now
because he was talking about it on the broadcast.
He cleaned out his closet.
27 suits he took out of his closet to like,
I don't know if he's gonna donate them
or where maybe he's got like a secondhand store
that they would, I'm sure his fucking used suits
could go for like 1500, two grand.
Fuck, I'm gonna line up.
His used undies could go for big though.
Oh, imagine the ladies lined up to buy his used undies.
It'd be deranged.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Speaking of jock sniffers, it'd be fucking sniffing his crotches.
Um, but I might start, I might just like lose a little bit of weight and ask them to donate
them to me.
We're going more health, buddy.
I don't think you can get in better shape.
I know I'm pumping your tires.
I don't love doing that, but I know, but to fit in h, buddy. I don't think you can get in better shape.
I know I'm pumping your tires.
I love doing that, but.
I know, but to fit in Hank's suits,
I might just stop eating.
I might just stop eating,
because my suits are so bad.
And Hank probably got those suits for free too, you know.
And they're probably all big money suits,
but he's just, there's designers out there.
Like who's a famous designer?
Give me a name.
Giovanni something.
Versace?
Versace's probably like, hey dude, I saw you in this,
like on the subway or in this commercial in Sweden.
I was in Sweden doing a fashion show.
Let me give you a suit.
Actually, let me give you 10.
Remember Tiger?
All the Swedish guys used to wear the Tiger suits?
Yeah. That was the Tiger suits? Yeah.
That was the name of the company.
Yeah, yeah.
I just remember that guy in Montreal.
They were tight around the ankles.
Oh, so tight.
You couldn't even get circulation to your toes.
That's how tight those fucking pants were.
Larry Koprakowski used to wear them.
Sandy Lapisto used to wear them.
Think he didn't.
Who's actually,
Sammy's been doing some Swedish media lately.
He's getting into the- He's great. Yeah, he's awesome. I thought he was on the thing. I think it's Finnish media Who's actually, Sammy's been doing some Swedish media lately.
He's getting into the game.
Yeah, he's great.
Yeah, he's awesome.
I thought he was on Finn.
I think it's Finnish media though.
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, oh, Finnish, Finnish, Finnish, you're right.
God damn it, I fucked that one up.
Both of those guys are Finns.
But I think Tiger of Sweden, those suits,
the Finnish guys would wear them.
That's what they would.
Does Murls have one?
No chance, right?
Murls has one.
No, he's got the Muzzy Fords.
He's got the used car salesman, Muzzy Ford.
Speaking of, we were talking about the dome piece on Hank.
What's this controversy?
I was not online all day today, and apparently there's
been a bunch of viral moments going on the fact
that you've been dying your hair or something. Okay.
First the spray tan. Now this.
No, that's the spray. I don't dye my hair. Let me repeat this right now. I don't know why it looks
like balding. Yes. Acne at 42, 42 years old. Yes. Uh, big one huge left ear. Yes, hair dye? No, I repeat.
I don't know why it looks like,
Grinelli asked me years ago,
dude, it looks like you dye your hair.
I said, no, I don't know what it is about the Zoom.
And today on the Unnamed Show,
I saw some of the funniest memes
putting me next to Creed from The Office
with jet black hair.
There was another one with me next to Rudy Giuliani
with the hair dye dripping down his forehead. Oh no.
So what happened, Portnoy's getting fat, not just chubby, he's fat and he's lashing out.
And now he's just getting on top of these internet personality people making fun of
me.
Very funny.
I don't know, can you guys tell in person that I don't dye my hair?
Oh Hunter, I will say forever, for as long as you've been getting greys.
Look at the greys on the side.
I know, but whenever you get a haircut, it looks like you dyed it.
So did you get a haircut recently?
Okay, so I got a haircut yesterday.
I got a haircut yesterday.
Every time you get a haircut, it looks darker.
I don't know why.
Maybe it just like shaves down the greys a little bit or whatever it is, but it always
looks darker when you get a haircut.
So, so now, and now it's like, you know, I, I, I think,
I think no matter what I say, I'm in one because people are going to say,
you do it, you do it, you won't admit it, but I'm looking at the camera right now.
I promise you, if I dyed my hair, I'd admit it. If I did it, I'd admit it.
No hair dye balding. Just swear on Squanto. I swear swear on squanto I don't like swearing on my kids right
like that I don't find I swear on anything I swear on it what's the big
deal look I don't know why it so with actually when I do the TNT broadcast
sometimes I have people like message me on Twitter saying that you dye your hair
and like I've never dyed my hair in my entire life
So I just think it has a lot to do with maybe like the lighting and whatever zoom you're on or you know
Whatever whatever cameras hitting you a certain way, but I can for certain say when I see you in person
Your hair is horrible. There's no way you're dying your salad. It might know
So white that maybe the white that it's that maybe it but it's like way you're dyeing your salad. It might look darker because your face is so white.
That may be it, but it's like, like I said, I got a bunch of things that aren't exactly pretty,
but I don't know, no hair dye. I repeat, no hair dye. Okay. So this is exactly what people probably wanted to hear leading into round one of the playoffs in the second playoff preview.
But I had to get ahead of that.
No hair dye.
Guys.
We believe you.
Thank you so much.
So incredible night of hockey last night.
The Montreal Canadiens got it done.
And it came down to the wire.
Enough where I bet on the Canadiens last night.
I was very confident.
I also bet on them against Chicago. And they're up 3-1. And I'm like, I don't know. Boom, 3-2 Carolina. I'm like, this is not good.
Now, for my bet, I was very nervous because I'm like, they may lose this game.
I had a money line, but they just needed a point.
So I was like, can Carolina get two more goals and win this thing in regulation?
I don't think so. But what a game by Kaden Gouli.
They lost him for a little while with the cut he had.
And getting him back, it like completely changes their defense.
Young stud and Lane Hudson, guys.
He tied the record for the most assists in the history of the league
by a rookie defenseman. He had 60 apples, Keith.
My best season was 45, which maybe nothing to shrug at.
And considering they were all second assists, it's not nearly, nearly as close
to impressive as Lane Hudson getting 60 as a rookie.
Yeah, it goes to, and I think, wait, you were one of the first guys to kind of
tell me about him and must've been the B, the BU days and stuff. But he, he just looks so I've never seen a rookie defenseman.
And I'm very interested in to see, cause usually the defensemen have
their sophomore slumps, but I've never seen a young D man just look so
comfortable and not just offensively.
Like he's a smaller guy, but he still looks comfortable defensively.
He's in good position.
I think he just trust his skating so much that he just never feels like he could
get beat or that he's out of position.
But in the head, the head on his shoulders is insane.
Just how he sees the game.
Every single play he makes is the correct play.
And he's not overdoing a lot of things, even though he does have, you know,
stretches where he's told toe dragon guys dancing around on the blue, but he's
not really trying to do too much too often.
It just comes naturally to him.
So this guy is going to be a force to be reckoned with for the
next 20 years, hopefully.
Youngest team to make playoffs since the 80, 81 Oilers too.
So very impressive.
Wow.
They were able to do, yeah, very 20, 25 and a half years old.
So I don't know how many people had St. Louis
winning the Jack Adams, but he definitely entered himself
in the conversation in the back half of that season.
Since the, I believe it was since the trade deadline
or four nations, but I want to say trade deadline.
Like I would say it was neck and neck, a three way race.
Michkov kind of dropped off, I would say, for Philly.
Like maybe he had a good start, but he dropped off.
So it was a three-headed race between Dustin Wolf,
Celebrini, and Lane Hudson.
Since the trade deadline, Lane Hudson was second in points,
16, only behind Macklin Celebrini, who had 17.
He led all rookies in ice time,
with 24 minutes of average ice time since the trade
deadline. So down the stretch, having to win all those games, going against tough matchups,
putting up all those points and putting 24 minutes of ice each night, remarkable, and also led the
way with plus minus, which some people say like, ah, that's a misleading stat. Well, when you're plus 13 and you're lugging that much ice and there's no escaping tough
matchups just I think hands down he's the Calder winner and a huge reason as to why
they made playoffs.
You have to fucking tip your cap to Suzuki too.
He's probably their MVP.
He was a four nation snub.
I believe didn't even get a phone call when he didn't make the team.
So I guess he took that personally. Cole Cawfield who was fucking unbelievable. So just really nice
to see this young team find a way to squeak into playoffs. And I texted the group chat as well like
Slavkowski, like just watching him go after loose pucks
and battling man, like this kid's starting to figure it out and G sent the
text as well, like the comments that he made just being inspired by watching
Brady Kachuk and how he was playing and using his size, like it's clear that that
message has been received and he's looked like even a better player since
the Four Nations as well, So not even necessarily saying points,
I'm talking about the compete, right?
That's like when you're, especially come playoff time,
when you're going for those loose pucks along the wall,
he's got that size to use
and he's been using it more wisely as of late.
So I still see Washington winning that series,
but that Montembeau man, he could maybe steal them a series.
You never know.
He's been excellent as well.
So congrats to the Montreal Canadiens.
Dembadov may be a little quieter in his second game.
He still had a couple shifts that were incredible.
Very dominant, just not like that first night,
but there was no doubt there was gonna be
a little bit of a come down
given all the travel and chaos that he's been through
the last week here.
So Montreal is in.
I think before we get to the other matchups
and other storylines also with Robertson going down,
Columbus Blue Jackets guys, just an incredible run,
especially with all the injuries they dealt with
along with the adversity of losing
Johnny Goudreau in the off season.
They lost Monahan for significant time,
as well as a bunch of other guys.
I think Branson was out for quite some time as well.
Wierenski was out for a bit.
Wierenski, and he had an incredible year,
career year for him.
If it wasn't for Kale McCarr,
he'd probably be winning his first Norris,
but fucking Kale McCarr is Kale McCarr.
So a lot of positives to take off of this year for Columbus
and Fantili, another guy who had a big, big year.
So, and I guess that he,
his grandfather had passed away last week.
And then he traveled.
Grandmother.
It was his grandmother or grandfather that traveled back,
ended up potting his 30th goal.
So just so many positives with.
It's been amazing.
And I feel really bad for that team
because it would have been an incredible storyline.
And like even tonight, to not have that game matter, right?
It would have been really cool for them, win or or lose to have the last game of the year.
We also got, I mean, what did we get?
We got three different playoff races.
The final two in the West and the final one in the East went down to pretty much game
82.
So that's as much as you could really hope for considering it looked a couple of weeks
ago like they were all going to be settled.
Fantilly is a monster. I sent a text to the group chat. I think he's played roughly 25 to 30 less
games than Bedard and has scored maybe two goals less in these two seasons. So, Merles was the guy
that was like, I take Fantilly over Bedard and people were kind of laughing at him. But maybe,
maybe that ends up turning into not as crazy of a take as it once seemed.
Also, Badard came out and said he's very happy in Chicago,
he's kind of sick and tired, or I just made that up,
but he's like enough of people saying I'm not happy here.
Even if I look upset or sad on the bench,
I love being here, I want to be here.
So I think that was very good news
to all the Blackhawks fans
So he just put 90 million in his jeans by saying that he's gonna get he is going to get and and I'm I'm
Wondering what Cole Lane Hudson is gonna sign for because he because last year they burnt the first year
He is eligible to sign an extension this summer. You would think that Kent Hughes would be kind of all over that and Jeff Gordon
Let's see what happens there. But the other player in Columbus said it's like, whoa, I think they got something
cooking here is that Kent Johnson, who kind of took off.
And you remember last year they sent it to the miners.
Like everything I heard was just like answered the bell, like wasn't Mopi went
down, dominated down there, comes back, has a monster season.
So there's some special things really going on there.
I'm wondering if Provov resigns, right, because that's a guy that we heard might get dealt.
I don't think he's resigned yet. I hope not.
I sound like a complete idiot, but no one expected that out of Columbus.
No one saw this coming. And what a story.
And I think even though he's not in the playoffs,
Evanson has to be up for Coach of the Year.
Is that crazy because they didn't get in?
I would probably say just the fact that Montreal got in, you got St. Louis.
So you picked him for St. Louis.
People said Arneal might not, just given the fact that Hellebuck's put up the numbers that
he's put up.
I could have been coaching them if you got a goalie like that.
That's fucked up up the number.
And just quickly on Hellebuck,
like he might be the first American goalie ever
to win league MVP.
Like he might win league MVP.
He's not winning MVP.
Well, I think right now he's the odds on favorite
on DraftKings.
Yeah, man, buddy.
He hit like a two goals.
Who was the last goalie to win it?
The last goalie to win it I believe was.
Price?
Price.
Was it Price, yeah, Price was the last guy.
And I don't know, it would be wild though,
like he's pretty much locked up the Vezna.
That'll be his third Vezna and potentially
a heart trophy as well.
So you're talking about a resume which would
put you in the top, what, 20 goalies all time?
Like this.
Yeah, that's even more.
With no playoff trophies, that's what's hard
and would probably bring him down.
But where were we at there right before that?
He's not just the favorite for MVP.
He's, Brunelli's saying he's minus 180. That's why I'm telling you. That's why I said it
I was amazed at um, and you know what?
Hand up. I apologize for my reaction. Thank you. I didn't I didn't realize the dye got to your head
The hair dye snuck through to my brain
I don't I don't I mean it kind of must have flipped in the last couple weeks because before Leon was a big favorite
But I didn't realize that, dude, he was, what was it, one game
away from tying the most wins in one season.
48 wins is the most ever had in one NHL season.
I believe he finished with 47.
So just think like a game goes different here or there.
He could have broke that record, which I think maybe would definitely lock up the MVP.
I love how I just said, maybe definitely it's two opposite words that I use side by side.
All right.
It's the hair dye.
Columbus, I think, um, I think just for that, that organization, what they've
done this year in the outside, kind of looking into what they are as a team,
I think is so good for them.
I think more guys are going to want to sign there.
It seems like a great place to live and play.
And I mean, this year, obviously with everything that happened, uh, you
know, what they gained from it, I think, you know, can really help out in the
future and they got a lot of good things going there and led by a lot of good
people, but, um, with, with Hellebuck too, I was going to say, uh, I just
feel like people kind of forgot that maybe a goalie could be up for MVP
because he hadn't really been talked about
till like a few weeks ago.
And then people, and now him being minus money,
people are probably like, oh yeah,
why are we not talking about this dude
who's almost breaking records, you know?
Well, the discussion was a couple weeks back
that they don't play every game.
And it's kind of like, dude,
if you're not in every single game,
but then the games you're in,
you're completely dominating the entire league, going to get a third Vezna trophy.
So it is a wild storyline.
And that's why I kind of root for him because the heartbreaking loss in the Four Nations
and last year against Colorado, like he came back this year, answered every question, and
then now the big question comes into the playoffs.
So I think we're going to get into that series in a little bit.
We are. And what's cool about it too is you've got the Four question comes into the playoffs. So I think we're gonna get into that series in a little bit. We are, and what's cool about it too
is you've got the Four Nations goalie matchup.
There's a lot of cool, like you got the Rotten's Revenge
series, you got the Battle of Ontario, Battle of Florida.
You actually got the Shen Brothers going at it too
in that series of Bennington and Hellebuck.
They might fight.
But going back quickly to Coach of the Year,
let's say for whatever reason Arneal is not, okay?
He's not in the mix.
You would have Carberry, you'd have St. Louis,
would you put...
Cronin.
Who?
You're a fucking idiot.
Who's your third?
Fuck, I'm drawing a blank.
Minnesota's head coach.
Oh, John Hines.
Hines.
Hey, sneaky like Montgomery wouldn't even be bad.
He got gas, then he gets over to St. Louis.
That's another one.
And he brings him into the playoffs.
Yeah.
I feel like every year there's like six or seven guys who could win coach of the year.
It's like the most, like guys who don't get nominated get the biggest snubs as far as that award's concerned.
But it's gonna be interesting.
With before we get into everything else,
there was another thing that happened
based on a series that we broke down last week
in the fact that LA and Edmonton played against each other.
Edmonton obviously didn't have their full lineup
and things got very aggressive over the course of the game.
You saw Darnell Nurse cross checking guys in the head.
I think it was by field down in the crease.
One game, Saucy.
And then after the game,
Dano had some very interesting comments.
Can we run those comments?
I believe that was mid game.
I think it was during the game.
Yeah.
That was a mid game interview?
Yeah. It was absolutely after the game. that was an mid game interview yeah it was Perry's
answer was after the no was intermission interview oh my god that's
I think it was after the first that's like WWE shit right okay let's run let's run
them back to back right here quick I know something happened in the first
period right with Perry in the stick but how did it get to the point where we are
right now what's going on out there I think they just have their B squad and trying to hurt us. So that's pretty much the message
tonight. That's what I'm thinking. But yeah.
I feel a little bit the intermission said that you guys were playing a B squad and trying
to hurt them. Do you, I mean?
Well, what the f? Sorry, my, excuse my language. What do you want us to do? Did he not look
at what's happened over the last couple of weeks? Like we, what do you want us to do? Did he not look at what's happened over the last couple weeks? Like we, what do you want us to do?
We're not out there to hurt anybody. I mean
That's
Nothing else. Move on.
Perry's response was hilarious because he was like so disgusted in himself that he like swore. He's like that's it. It's over
This is over, but I love that. He's like what are we supposed to do? Yeah, it's our, this is over. But I loved that, he's like, what are we supposed to do?
Yeah, it's our B team, everyone's injured.
I believe he said, have you not seen what's going on here
the past few weeks?
We're dropping like flies in Edmonton.
I think his point was is the B squad
was on a kamikaze mission to fucking injure some guys.
So do you think that there was a little extra added dirtiness
trying to maybe take some wind out of LA's sails?
Possibly, and if there was, I like it.
I don't hate it.
This is prepared.
I mean, Keith mentioned earlier this week that before they played Tampa, his last year
in Florida, I believe, they played last game before the playoffs and it was a complete
gong show.
You know, it's like, hey, we're setting the tone here.
This is not gonna be just a skate and giggle.
It's gonna be, we're gonna make your life living hell
and show you what you're in for,
because right now, yeah, we maybe do have a bunch of guys
that aren't gonna be in the lineup come game one.
So we're gonna rough you up,
we're gonna try to toughen you up,
and we're gonna maybe go headhunting a little bit.
Now, Nurse got suspended one game.
I get that.
It's actually like the most classic suspension of all time.
It's like sit out the last game,
but you don't have to miss any playoff games.
Yeah, don't do me favors.
Don't.
So I thought it got a little dirty, but you know what?
Edmonton is sick of tired of people trying
to take advantage of them.
And their stars aren't in the game,
so it's like let's go after some of their stars.
That's how I look at it, Biz.
And I also think from a mental standpoint, too,
now like LA's a little riled up,
which kind of plays into Edmonton's favor,
because if they start taking penalties,
that's where Edmonton's just gonna cook them.
Like the power play percentage in the last three rounds
they've played them in consecutive years,
I think they're clicking at about 35 on the power play.
The one year was like 50.
One year they were 50.
Yeah, 50, they had put up a 50 banger on them.
So don't exactly like that for LA
from a psyche perspective going into that series.
But right now man, Edmonton's biggest issue is gonna be solving Darcy Kemper
That guy is a buzzing
I think to the the power plays and being so
Different in terms of LA is not being great and Edmonton's being dominant
It'll be the whole series but LA went to the other night. They had this five forward power play unit
It was a whose Menko Fiala Kempi Kopitar and
I'm drawing a blank on the other one, but they they were kind of snapping all the time. So so it's
Yeah, and that's really a McSorley in front causing a ruckus by field by field
So that quitten by fields a problem. He's gonna continue getting better and better. But yeah
I don't hate seeing some some early hate begin before the series starts the fourth year in a row
The fourth year in a row, you know, who's wishing they would have sat out some guys is Dallas the Dallas fucking stars
Did I believe that I kind of hate?
I kind of hate, I kind of hate the cap situation towards the end
of the year where you can't call guys up and you want the league needs its best
players playing in playoffs and it goes back to last year William Nylander game
what 81 or 82 where he ends up getting injured and then he's not available the
first three four games for the Toronto Maple Leafs. Now all of a sudden you got Jason Robertson, who's been red hot since the
foreign nations break and he gets bumped into while they're down four, five, one
against Nashville last game of the year.
And he's probably going to end up missing game one at least like, come on
here, you can't be fucking losing guys in a, in a nothing burger game.
It's ridiculous.
I think the rule was put in because they didn't want teams that are tanking to,
you know, it's going to help the veteran players too, where they're not
sitting guys out because that could screw you for a contract your next year.
Say you're an older guy fighting for a contract.
If they're just bringing up everyone from the miners to get a game or two, then
it's kind of hurting the older guys in the league.
So I think the rule was put in so teams that are tanking
aren't just playing all these minor league guys
and it's clear that they're trying to lose games
and just putting in whoever owns a pair of skates.
Well, for instance, because of their cap situation,
I believe Toronto has to dress their full lineup
in game 82 where it's like come on here
What the fuck are we doing? Like God like if something happens to a Toronto Maple Leaf player?
I'm gonna fucking lose my mind if it had I'm gonna lose my mind the league
I'm gonna fucking storm the fucking I'm gonna storm the league offices like the beaches at Normandy for fuck's sake. That's what's gonna happen
is like the beaches at Normandy for fuck's sake. That's what's going to happen.
I'm telling you. Yeah. Robertson left that game in a knee brace. So if you're leaving in a knee brace, like you, they get just one game you're missing. That's not good at all. He's been so
good. And man, the Dallas stars, they got worked again by Nashville. Seven losses in a row. They've been out shot their last 13 games.
So I just, it's a classic case guys of,
and you'll know it, like when you lose a guy like Hayskinen,
oh you could put a bandaid on it for three, four games,
you know, rolling guys and playing guys
an extra two, three minutes to alleviate the stress.
But after about four or five games,
that's when you start really leaking oil. And ever they've lost the man they look all out of sorts and
I mentioned it last show I think over the course of the last two or three
playoffs he's averaged 27 minutes of ice time you can't replace that you
can't fucking replace that so let's hope nobody else ends up getting injured in
the last couple games here which we're recording this on a Thursday.
The last slate of games are tonight. So I don't know which one of the stars will be playing tonight, but let's just pray nobody else gets hurt.
Last thing on Dallas. Very cool to see Tyler Sagan come back. He actually had an assist played around 15 minutes.
So that's one thing at least they can kind of be excited about. They get him back. He hadn't played since the calendar turned to 2025.
So that's awesome news.
But we're going to the rest of the previews now.
And we're going to start off in Keith's home state.
And I cannot wait.
I think my most looking forward to first round match up,
the Battle of Florida.
Tampa, Florida, straight up.
We saw this madness a few years ago.
They hate each other.
They already had some big time issues the other night
when they played, when Tampa put a beating on them.
Keith, let's go to you.
The final thing I'll leave you with is Paul Maurice
said today, everyone's good to go.
So heads up, we're all coming back.
Shocker, 49 million all of a sudden out of the press box
ready to go.
You wanna talk about tanking?
How about the fucking cap circumcision?
Well you're lucky they didn't,
or they would've won the Atlantic.
No they wouldn't have.
That is true.
Pretty good statement by him.
No, no, enough with that, but go on to your breakdown.
How do you feel about this series, Keith?
Where does your loyalty lie?
I will say that when these teams, they've met three times, right?
The last three years, whatever it is, whoever wins this series is going to the Eastern Conference
or going to the Stanley Cup finals.
So no matter what one of these teams is going to the Stanley Cup finals.
And that's what them beating each other up so bad though.
That's business dream scenario here.
If this series is quick for one team, Biz is screwed.
That's kind of how I look at it.
He needs a seven game war.
Yeah, he does.
I think it's crucial for Tampa. Tampa's got to win these first two games because Eklad's still out with his suspension. If Florida can somehow
win a game, you know, I know you always got to steal one on the road, but to win
a game without Eklad and then have him come back, he's been off for 20 games,
he's a hundred percent healthy, ready to go.
He's going to be fresher than anybody. So that'll be huge for them. But it's obviously
a tough, tough matchup. You look at Tampa Bay, they got the Kucherov's, the point, Jane
Gensel, 41 goals this year. Did anyone even mention his name? Like the guy they have the
most, what do they got? Six guys with 20 plus goals, which is insane. Headman with another 60 points.
See the guys, they just have monsters up and down the lineup.
But when you're playing in the playoffs busy, you need some rats in the Florida
Panthers have rats on their team, the rat squad, and they bring in the biggest one
of all, maybe in the history of the league, Brad Marchand.
The nose face killer.
He's been getting his feet a little wet, getting them a little, getting them a little taste
of what it's like being a Florida Panther.
And then guess what?
Your first, your first game in the playoffs with the cats, guess who's back?
Matthew Kachuk.
Who might be taken over for you, Brad is the biggest rat in the history of the game, but
imagine them out there together.
You got Kucherov buzzing around wanting to sauce these things around.
Bom.
Hit.
You got Braden Point flying up the wall.
Bom.
Hit.
Elbow.
Yeah, soup can.
Bennett came back last game, played his first game in a little while.
He's going to be ripped, roaring, ready to go.
But at the end of the day, I think this series goes seven games.
And you look at, you look at the Tampa bit, they got this, they're a
sexier team, right?
Biz, you'd rather take them out on a date than, you know, they're at 10.
The cats might be looking like a six or something.
They're like the tramp stamp tattoo.
They're the ones that are spitting all over your cock, deep throat.
Yeah.
Oh yeah. No, no, no, I like that.
Doing DPA and all of it, I love Florida.
Like in that regard.
Sorry, go on.
Love Lauderdale.
I wanna see their mascara dripping.
Yep, this series is gonna go to a game seven
and not what Biz just said right there.
You need the tramp stamps.
You need the cigarettes outside the bar.
You need the guys getting dirty at the elbow room and you want to look at the
cats on the side of the car. You know, the girls that drive with it,
that's a unreal move.
You need her with the load going,
sorry, sorry about that. But yeah, I think cats and seven boys.
I said, obviously Florida is going to win this series a couple nights ago on TNT,
but I'm torn.
Like I'm fucking torn right now.
This is going to be an all out war.
We talked about the goaltending battle of Bennington and Hellebuck. How about the two Russians going at it? This is going to be an all out war. We talked about the goaltending battle of Bennington and Hellebuck.
How about the two Russians going at it?
This is going to be fucked.
I actually think this is going to be surprisingly a low scoring series for that reason right
there.
Tampa reacquiring McDonough.
I just feel like Tampa has not been given enough respect all season long. I view them as the Vegas golden Knights of the East, where they're just been
flying under that radar.
And as much as I've been sold on Florida, I think I'm going to flip it.
I think that the Tampa Bay lightning are going to win this series in seven games.
There's been a lot of hype around the acquisitions and the fact that Florida's
been resting all these guys. You got Kachuk coming back. You got that crazy line with
him, Bennett, the menace and Brad Marshall. I just am not going to buy into the gargling
come hype of the Florida Panthers. And I'm going to direct my attention towards John Cooper and the Tampa Bay Lightning.
I have flip-flopped Tampa in seven fucking games.
And the X Factor, you know I like to bring the X Factor.
Brandon Hagel, NHL record, 35 goals scored this season.
Not one of them on the fucking power play.
Not one of them. He is a gamer.
He's a tramp stamper.
And he's the guy you want in your foxhole.
So this is gonna be a lethal, lethal matchup.
I want it going the distance.
I want them beating the fucking wheels off each other.
I want it a cage match every single game.
The humidity, just losing all that fucking,
all those electrolytes. I want them depleted by the end of this
series. So Toronto can have their way with them. But I flip
flopped. I got Tampa and seven.
This is the toughest series for me as well. I actually have
decided that I'm going Tampa and it's solely based on Florida
and the amount of hockey they've played.
Now maybe these injuries to these key players
actually helps them and these guys got some rest
while getting healthy.
Now I should list out, the players coming back
into the lineup, it is out of control.
Like Kachuk, Barkov, Reinhardt, Lundell,
they're all coming back in and then after game two, Eklad comes back in.
So you're talking five legitimate key components
to them winning the Stanley Cup.
But I don't know, I biz this,
what you said about Tampa is so true.
Nobody really talks about them, and I do agree.
It's similar to Vegas out west,
where everyone's talking the central,
and Vegas is just like, all right, yeah,
don't forget about us.
No problems here. And Tampa Vasilevsky this year, like he's back like 921 save percent.
It's just been it's been unbelievable.
He probably is like enough of the fucking Panthers.
I had my run before, but I'm not done.
We're going back on another one and I'm taking out Bobrovsky in the first round.
I think it's going to be a war. We're going back on another one and I'm taking out Bobrovsky in the first round.
I think it's going to be a war.
Gee, can you look up if there's any update when Bjorkstrand's back?
Because they traded for him and Gord, both guys who would be very valuable in the playoffs.
Gord's playing on the first line.
Bjorkstrand would be somebody, if he's out the entire series, that's going to be kind of difficult, right?
That's somebody who's been in the playoffs, right?
He's on Seattle when they knocked off Colorado.
So I think it's gonna be a war, but I'm going with Tampa.
And I also, Biz, it's week to week, Grinelli says.
That's not great news.
Oh, that's not good.
Biz, the Hagel thing, I had no idea.
I knew he was having a monster year.
He's got 90 points.
Once in a while. It's remarkable. Chicago's got 90 points. What's remarkable?
Chicago traded him to Tampa. So.
What a battle it's going to be.
And and and I am going with Tampa and seven based solely on Florida being exhausted.
Did you say Toronto traded him to Tampa or Chicago?
Chicago, we said.
Oh, this could you guys agree this could be this would be an unbelievable
Stanley Cup finals.
I know obviously the East can't play the East, but if this was the last
series of the season, we would all be very excited.
The only thing that scares me for you guys, cause you're both Tampa jock
snips, cause you guys like being closer to Daytona beach, um, Vasilevsky
63 games played this year.
You think that's a little too many or you think he's that's
the same thing as hella buck. He wants to get in No, it's the same thing as Hellebock.
He wants to get in rhythm.
It's the same reason Hellebock played.
That's done well for Hellebock.
Yeah.
Hey, he's about to win a fucking MVP.
He doesn't even let Coop pull him.
I think he bullies Coop.
He's like, I'm playing, I'm playing.
And Coop's like, okay, I mean, yeah.
Look at what he's done this year.
So I can't wait.
Home ice could be enormous, right?
It goes to seven, that Tampa crowd's wild,
but I cannot wait to see what goes down.
And what would be your,
I guess that's a stupid question.
I was gonna say, like, who's most likely
to be suspended in this series,
but it would just immediately be Marshawn Benekachuk.
So that's not really a fair question.
Who's your guy's X Factor? My X Factor is gonna be Bob
They were two and two this season and in their four game series two and two
That's why I mean we all got to go in seven, but I think Bob the confidence that he has himself right now
I think he's my X Factor and he pitches a shutout in game seven
Can I give an X Factor for like either team no matter who I picked? Do whatever you want.
Doesn't matter.
I think Marshawn's the X factor.
Like if Marshawn plays like he has in so many playoffs for the Bruins and is like,
you know, right around a point per game and doing the Florida rat stuff that he's done forever.
And like top of his game, Brad Marshawn, it might be really hard for Tampa
to get this win.
So if Marshawn is like just out of control,
like we've seen him,
that's gonna be a really difficult matchup
because you already have Kachak and Barkov
and Reinhart and Lundell and Luster Reinan
and all these players.
I didn't even say Bennett.
And then if you add Marshawn playing like he can,
that's gonna be an X Factor type thing for me
Remember when G called brazo the X Factor for last year's Bruins Florida series?
Yeah, he also said what that that little guy was gonna be Tyler Johnson and the league MVP
Yeah, I ended his hockey career. He retired. He basically retired after that
Oh, no, and who is the other little guy that Bruin signed
that G wanted to be inducted in the Hall of Fame?
I don't remember.
I mean, we've all had our fair share of bad takes, boys.
So yeah, I don't know if we want to start going down this road.
We don't need to bully G about it.
I'll be crying by the end of the episode.
Wow.
And the fact that we just, I don't even
know if one of us said Nikita Kucherov's I think that that's just obvious man. He won the Art Ross
I understand that but he doesn't get the respect he deserves
He doesn't know and he played dirty and playoff to last year. Oh, oh
He is something on eight. Yeah, he's a sicko too out on the ice. Yeah, you're right in the eyeball
Alright, well, that's the picks.
That's the picks.
And now, the time everyone's been waiting for.
The selfie videos have began.
The selfie videos have began.
The selfie videos have began.
Bissonnette, our resident idiot, has already started,
and he might be getting to you know
Never get too high never get too low this guy might blow his nut prior to game one, but it's the Battle of Ontario
Ottawa's finally back in the playoffs Brady Kachuk Drake Batherson
They're making their first appearance in the Stanley Cup playoffs and the Toronto Maple Leafs who can never ever ever
Get over the hump are sitting there waiting.
Bizzy, don't just be a Leafs jock sniffer
and give crazy, crazy takes.
Give me some truth and honesty
to what you think of this series, buddy.
Oh yeah?
You want truth and honesty?
Who's got the better goalie in this series?
Stow Lars.
I don't give a fuck.
Ah, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're outta here. I wouldn't start there. I don't give a fuck. You're out of here.
I wouldn't start there.
I wouldn't start there.
Go watch this.
Go watch it.
Go look at All Mark's playoff numbers
and go look at Stolarz's regular season numbers, all right?
All Mark's play.
Cause he's had Swamen sniffing behind his back now.
He was itching too.
Shut the fuck.
This is the best back end the Toronto Maple Leafs
might have had in their entire franchise history.
So start with that, not goaltending.
They're fucking big, they're fucking mean, and they're going to abuse everybody in that
Ottawa lineup, including Brady Kachuk.
Don't say it.
If you want to talk about offense, you want to talk about offense, buddy?
That core four is going to fuck them up, buddy.
This series is over in five games, and I don't even need to keep talking.
You know why?
Because I got a special present for all you motherfuckers,
including Sens Army and Sens Nation.
Bring them in, G!
No.
This is a Luminati.
Hockney.
Ladies and gentlemen, we got a Stanley Cup 20-year entrant
on boys and girls.
Is that a paper mache Stanley Cup? Is that the cup? That's the real deal buddy. They
dropped it off for him. Listen, I, I time traveled. Okay. I time traveled from the future.
Shani let me take the cup for one day and I said, what else would I rather do with it?
Let's time travel back to a few days before the clap start just to show Chiclet's nation. I know you, I know we got a lot of disbelievers out there, but
it is the year. It is the year. I'm, I'm pulsating passion right now. It's coming out at every
single fiber in my body.
Okay. I love it. I love it. Illuminati. What a nice surprise to see you. I believe Keith
left. He's just disgusted with Zigamannis Illuminati back
on the show.
But what do you think about Biz explaining this series?
He starts off with, we have the better goaltending?
I don't know if you're leaning that way, right?
Is that that fucking crazy?
You got some numbers to back me up, Hockey Illuminati?
Yeah, so I mean, are we going to ignore the fact
that Anthony Stollers is 8-0 in his last eight
starts with three shutouts? Are we going to ignore the fact that Anthony Stollers is eight and oh, and his last eight starts with three shutouts?
Are we going to ignore the fact that Anthony Stollers finished at the top of the league
in safe percentage?
By the way, Anthony Stollers also led the league in safe percentage last year.
And what happened last year?
He was the backup of a team who won the Stanley Cup.
You did what you did when you did want to come up with.
Okay.
There's one team that has their goalie. There's one team that has their goalie
There's another team that has two goalies
Usually in the playoffs you like the team that has one goalie because stole ours has been phenomenal
But you understand if after game one stole ours lets in a softy and they somehow lose the questions arise
And all of us what they want to do hockey Illuminati
they want to play mind games with us. What do we do?
Wohle, Stolle, neither's proven. Ah yeah no I get it that's we understand what we're doing here
okay and if we had to go to Wonderwall you know thank God we got a great 1B
that is also a bit of a gamer but Stoll slowly is the guy and I just want to let you guys know that I have a
Thunder the crime PS the resistance curse buster associated with Anthony Stoller's this
This is the finest curse buster in all the land in all the land. Okay
I don't know if you want this now or maybe you know right before I sign off, but you know what to sign off
So now no no no no
We should bring on the sense Martian right now. That's what we should do. G you let
biz bully you into only having leafs representation. Yeah. And do you need an R your hoodie?
I would love, I would love a bunch. I'm sending you one. I'm going to get that tattooed on my
ass next week before, before they really start doing damage with that thing after this, maybe the second one, cause I think they're going to win the first
shot.
It'll put a smile on your face. I know, I know you want one too, buddy. I love the,
I love the stat the other day of, uh, of in clinching the Atlantic division that there
was a total of a 67 shots on net to bring it back to the year that we last won the Stanley
cup. But gimme, gimme that last little nugget you were talking about so we can start
shutting these guys up.
The Stoller's nugget.
Yeah.
All right.
And by the way, all marks, playoff stats.
He's three and nine with a three, five, nine goals.
I mean, I told you motherfuckers, he knew, like, yes, he's a great
goaltender, former Vezna winner.
But let's not also pretend that this senator's team doesn't have some holes.
A lot of guys with zero playoff experts, they are playoff virgins.
And there is something to be worried about when it comes to playoff virgins that are
full of piss and vinegar and hungry to get in their first action.
But how many times do you often see a team like Ottawa that has been out of the playoffs
for years and years and years finally get in and really make uh, you know, make a relevant difference. It doesn't happen all
that often. No, it doesn't. I'll give you that one. The piece to resistance, Anthony Stollers.
I don't know if this is a curse buster or just an unbelievable omen from the hockey gods. Okay.
Either way Sunday, the Leafs first game is Sunday. Now a lot of Leaf fans are upset about this because
you know, Easter Sunday, Oh, what the fuck, why are they not playing on Saturday night?
You know, a lot of, like Leaf nation, everyone's.
Last time they wanted Jesus was alive.
Well, and okay.
So, right.
So on Sunday, there are 2 billion Christians celebrating
the resurrection of Jesus.
Okay.
So that got me thinking, huh?
Well, Jesus was a carpenter, right? Yeah, Jesus was a carpenter. Anthony Stollers is Polish.
Okay? Yeah. Do you know what Stollers translates to in Polish? Don't do it.
Don't do it. Don't. What? Stollers in Polish translates to carpenter in English. Okay. So you mean
to tell me that Easter Sunday, the day that Jesus rose our starting goaltender who also
led the league and say percentage is last name is carpenter and he will save our crease
from salvation and resurrect in game one, in game one. It's just kick it all off. It's symbolic. It's symbolic. I agree. I agree.
He might be a carpenter in like two years, right? Who knows where his game goes after
this playoff show. Oh, that is okay. Illuminati, Illuminati, Illuminati. Give me some truthfully, because you Leafs fans,
you're deranged, and I love you guys,
but give me a real worry, because to me,
and I know I can't say that word correctly,
there's a chance Ottawa can win this series.
There it is, Stoller's Carpenter.
It works, definitely Carpenter.
Right?
Because in my mind, playoff hockey, the rats, the rats we're talking about in
Florida, some of the Tampa rats, Brady Kachuk, physical rat, Nick Cousins.
Dylan Cousins is Brady Kachuk even healthy right now?
Brady Kachuk's coming back.
So, I mean, yeah, that's a good question.
What was last time you played?
Well, he's playing game one.
Playing. Hockey Illuminati. Ignore these fucking idiots. Can we please get some other
omens, some other things that could get our Leafs juices flowing?
Yes.
Get my Leafs juices flowing again.
Yeah.
Fuck these haters.
Yes, I know. And that's what we're trying to do.
We're trying to raise the collective awareness in Leaf Nation because belief is a
powerful thing.
It is.
Right.
The power of prayer and the power of belief is real.
And that's what we're trying to do.
We're trying to instill belief into the hearts of leaf fans.
Okay.
So very interesting curse buster that got on my radar today that I think
is part of fulfilling the prophecy.
Okay.
So Austin Matthews, um, you know, as of recording this game or this
podcast, this Thursday, he's playing tonight against Detroit.
Okay. That's game tonight against Detroit. Okay.
That's game number 67 for Matthews.
Oh my God.
Okay.
You guys are.
Well, interesting.
No, hold on.
Wait, don't, don't, don't shake your head.
Okay.
Okay.
And that got me thinking, huh, what was the last time the, uh, the
Leafs captain played exactly 67 games.
Okay.
Now it wasn't 67, but it was 1964.
George Armstrong plays it,
and they won the cup that year.
They won the cup that year.
There you go, there you go, I like it.
You know what else happened in 1964, Busy Boy?
The first female operated spacecraft, okay?
What happened the other day?
No! Holy fuck! I heard that was fake! I heard they didn't even leave Earth! operated spacecraft. Okay. What happened the other day?
I heard they didn't even leave earth.
It may have been. I agree with you. Illuminati conspiracy. You know what it probably was, but the gals were wearing maple leaf blue.
Go look at the photo.
And the last time there was an all female operated spacecraft into space,
they leave us on the cut.
Oh my God. I love it.
And I mean,
how do we bring Katy bring in the mix?
You were DMing with Bezos, his wife too. So this is all coming together. Oh, what do you
make? Hey, on a serious note though, what do you make? What do you make of the core
four? I feel like this is the best they've looked. Marner. Hey, Marner hit a hundred
points for the first time. The spirit of squanto is working this wit wit
The spirit of squanto hundred point season for Marner. He's gonna be a completely different player
Yans get that fucking look off your face get that fucking look off your face
It's Matthews has been battling injuries all year
So Illuminati is gonna talk about Brady Kachak like like who's to say Matthew still isn't a little dinged up?
Have you seen the way he's been playing lately? I don't think so. The Leafs are fairly healthy
right now.
What about McCabe and OEL?
McCabe's going to be ready to go. He'll be fine.
Yeah. Hard labor, Caber. He'll be fine. And Oliver E Oliver Eckman Larson, grand larceny, the boys will be ready to go. Okay. So they're fairly healthy. They're playing good right now. You
know, this is on a serious note, you know, there's no more excuses for the corpora. Okay.
On a serious note, or this is it. There's no more fucking excuses. Every year, Keith,
every year. Well, this is, they finally have the coach. They finally have the secondary
scoring. They finally have the goaltending.
They finally have back end and they have all the
curse busters and all the good omens.
Right.
So, you know, I do believe that this team is going to go as far as
Anthony Stollers takes them ultimately.
Ultimately it will be on Stolle.
Okay.
If we, if we got to one B, I do trust him, you know, not as much as Stolle,
but he can also get the job done.
I do trust him, you know, not as much as Stoli, but he can also get the job done.
But, but I mean, the Leafs problem is, has been scoring in the playoffs
the last couple of years, right?
So it, there's no more fucking excuses. And there's a lot of question marks around this team right now.
What's Mitchie going to do?
What's it going to cost to keep, you know, JT around?
It's like none of that even fucking matters.
We're going to see how badly these guys want to stay.
And there's no excuses for for losing to Ottawa. Like there there is we fully 100 percent expect them to win.
And you know then they're going to get one of the battered Florida teams which is which is great. You know. And then in the third round you're looking at.
Stop. So both of you.
ground you're looking at. So both of you, pressure is a blessing and there's a lot of pressure on the Toronto Maple Leafs
to win this series and Chief is going to explain that to them and they've been
great down the stretch. One of the best teams down the stretch. They're gonna get
this done. They're gonna get it done in five games. They're not gonna waste any
fucking energy and I understand that Ottawa has a good lineup but as hockey
Lumina, Lumina, they're virgins.
They are straight up virgins.
And the Leafs are gonna take their V-card
and send them packing.
So it was Jesus.
Yeah, you know what, that's actually a good point, Jens.
Yeah, well, we don't know, maybe he wasn't.
That's a great point.
Yeah, and guess what the carpenter made?
A dildo so she could jam her box.
So let's fucking go here.
I got one for Illuminati.
Yeah.
Doosby buddy.
If you're any, you talk to any hockey player, hockey fan, what is the number
one thing you do not do before the Stanley Cup before, before winning a Stanley Cup?
Uh, talk shit.
Yeah.
Right.
What?
And I-
No, no, no.
Touch the cup. No, no. What? Yep. How did that get into your living room?
I told you I traveled from the future
On that you put in your dirty mitts on that I lost Keith then this hold it above your head and kiss
I don't know see now that I because it's an AI
AI
Listen, it on the internet.
If you're a true fan, you wouldn't even have it in your house.
If you haven't been alive for one of those things, you wouldn't even have it in your house.
I believe the rule is that you cannot lift it over your head.
I have not lifted it over my head.
Okay.
I, uh, I've, you know, bathed it, fed it, uh, serenaded it.
I, you know, I've, I've, I've done some, you know, interesting things to it, but I
have not lifted it over my head.
So I have not broken any of the hockey culture rules.
I don't believe.
Touching it is the number one thing.
You know what?
I took it to Harold Ballard's grave.
That's aggressive.
No, I did.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, to break the curse.
Yeah.
Let's let these guys talk on behalf of Ottawa
and what they're going to sell to our fans about their belief
in them upsetting the Toronto Maple Leafs
in the first round.
Flora goes to you, Mr. Whitney.
OK, my worry about Ottawa, and I'm not worried about All-Mark,
like forget the old playoff numbers.
Maybe that's me being ridiculous, but I'm not.
I am worried a little bit about their defense, right?
Like Sanderson is incredible, but overall Toronto has a bigger,
tougher defense.
Okay.
I get that.
Up front, Matthews is the best player in this series.
Matthews and Nylander.
After, fuck, they got Marner too.
But I'm talking Stutzel and Kachuk together on one line with Giroud.
Dylan Cousins has been great over there with Perron, who you want to talk about a guy who
can really calm down the nerves of a bunch of kids who've never been in the Stanley Cup
playoffs.
That's David Perron.
Batherson on that wing.
Then you got this third line of the Pinto Parley, Amadio Stanley Cup champ,
and Ridley Gregg, who I do know has gotten under the skin of the Toronto Maple Leafs
prior before with one of the greatest empty netter goals I've ever seen.
Okay, so I think that up front, yes, you guys have more skill, but I think with Kichuk and
Psychopath Cousins on the fourth line and the cigarette machine Zetterlin but I think with Kichuck and then psychopath cousins on the fourth
line and the cigarette machine Zetterlin, I think overall, Ottawa has a tougher forward
group.
And I think if they do come out and they run around and they steal game one or two, then
we're looking at a possible long series.
A hundred percent Toronto is favored in this series, a hundred percent they should win
this series, but I do not think it's gonna be as simple
as you two dumb-dumbs think,
because Illuminati, you just said they 100 will win.
Like, there's no doubt in your mind.
Should win, should win.
100 should win.
That's five games.
There is five games.
All right, how many games, Illuminati, you have?
So, and you made some good points, okay?
I think Matty Nyes can neutralize Kachuk, okay? Why do you have them? So, and you made some good points. Okay.
I think Maddie Nyes can neutralize Kachuk.
Okay.
I would argue that Tavares is maybe better than playing better than Kachuk right now
and more effective than Stutsel.
So maybe they have the top four players in this series.
I don't know.
It's an interesting argument.
I'm going with Biz with five, surprise, surprise,
Leafs in five, but I also look at this symbolically a little bit. So the Leafs have played the
Sens four times in the playoffs, okay? In the early 2000s. And by the way, you know,
the real Leaf fans remember that in the early 2000s, the senators beat up the Leafs in the
regular season.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But that's a...
I don't really buy into that though.
But any of the regular season stuff, oh, they didn't beat them this year, this side, none
of that matters because that was the case as well last year or in the early 2000s.
The Leafs beat the Senators in seven, they beat them in six twice and they swept them
once.
So the only outcome they have not had is winning in five.
So we're rolling with five for the...
Okay, my final thing...
It won't be easy.
It won't be easy.
I have Toronto in six. My final thing though, if... Because I was told that Leafs fans were
buying up tickets in Ottawa, then I've been DM'd by Ottawa fans that that's not true.
If it isn't true, the advantage in Ottawa, Home Ice,
is way more than Toronto.
You guys have both admitted that that crowd is not great.
The Toronto crowd is quiet.
They're all no-
Leaves will be playing five home games in this series.
Yeah.
So you think that is true that they're buying up all,
you think it's gonna be mostly Leaves fans in Ottawa?
Leaves are gonna be playing five home games
in this series.
I think it'll be-
And you talked about that big,
big aggressive front end of the forward group.
Buddy Toronto built their backend for this shit.
They like their backend a lot.
They they're, they're big.
They don't fuck around.
They'll fight if they have to.
I'd be shocked if they even get to the blue paint one time.
I stole ours.
I was going to see everything.
The Ottawa is not even going to get a fucking sniff.
It's over. I would fucking sign sealed gonna get a fucking sniff. It's over.
I'm fucking science sealed
and delivering this fucking series.
It's over.
Anything if somehow Ottawa pulls this off.
Just to clip that right there.
It ain't fucking happening.
I'll be watching that on Christmas morning
as the kids are opening presents.
This is my gift to get into myself.
Let's hear what Dum Dum Keith has to say about this series.
Keep calling me names.
I just fucking did bitch. I know where you're going.
This gets all aggressive in the playoffs dude. Last year you were screaming at me.
This is fucking insane.
Get fucking Brady's balls out of your mouth.
There's really nothing else that you guys haven't said.
All great points.
I love Ottawa in maybe the first 10 minutes of, uh, the game one.
But at the end of the day, I think, uh, Toronto is going to make
light work of this series.
And that's why I'm saying, stop fucking saying, calling me names.
Cause I'm on your team right now.
Okay.
Well, great.
I'm trying to help out, but I, but it's also one of these things you two are going
on, like it's you, you're beating the, you know, 88 Edmonton Oilers, like it's.
You got the Ottawa senators here.
We got to pump it down.
Stay focused on what we need to do first round winning in four, not getting too
banged up and then worrying about when the playoffs really start against the Florida
team.
I got Sen's podcast, sending out pictures of the fucking Irish traveler saying
that's who they're starting for.
That was so funny though.
That was so funny.
Yeah.
So I think we're not the antagonizers here.
Sends army came after me online and I'm just fucking, I'm rebuttaling.
Wait, I made them keep going.
There is a sense army set.
I think that overall sense fans like could easily claim that they're more loyal to their team
than Leafs fans.
Leafs fans turn on guys quicker, they're quiet in the arena.
Now fair enough, the great fans can't afford the tickets where you need to be down low
and loud.
But my final thing on this series, and I do not want anything at all injury wise to affect
any guys, but Austin Matthews was in Germany getting stem cell shots this year.
For you guys to both tell me you're not worried at all about his, and great, he's been great
lately, but he's obviously been banged up.
He's one of the best players in the world.
You need him to stay healthy.
Need him to stay healthy.
He was getting fucking peptide shoved up his hoop. He'd be fucking buzzing out there.
Yeah. All right.
Basically like getting full blown testosterone in you.
Whatever Dr. Van Nostrand did to him in Germany, it worked.
And we have three other guys, Neil Nermarner and Tavares that are playing at the top of
their game right now.
You got Matty Nyes finished with 29 goals, hopefully hits 30 tonight.
Bobby McBong hits, Bobby McMahon is a beautiful secondary piece.
There's other guys that can pick up Matthews and everyone's, you guys know this, you all
played.
Like you guys are going to get hurt right away in the first round.
So even if Matthews is coming in at like 90, okay, big deal. Cause after the first round, there's going to be a lot
of other guys that aren't playing at a hundred percent. Right. So I like that point. I like
that point. Right.
A hockey Illuminati. We thank you so much for joining us. Thank you for traveling back
from the future. Congratulations on the Stanley cup victory. And we'll also see you after
the first round victory against Ottawa. We also see you after the first round victory
against Ottawa.
We'll call you back on every series.
And it's gonna be a hell of a run.
Tell everyone in Toronto I love them and give them my best.
It's our year.
It is.
It's our fucking year.
We need you here in Toronto, buddy.
The Leaf Nation needs your presence.
That's what I will say.
I will send everyone an Our Year hoodie, okay?
And yes, even you, Whit.
I want to see you wearing one now.
Come on now, buddy.
Squando needs one.
Hey, if you guys get by the Florida team in the second round, I'll wear that thing all
Eastern Conference Finals.
Wow.
And as a consolation prize to Sens Army, we did talk to Jimmy Stu and we were very cordial.
We didn't bring up any bullshit
about the fact that we're gonna wax him in the first round. We just asked him
about his playing career. So without further ado, Witt, should we send it over
to Jimmy Stutzel? Yes, right now. Tim Stutzel. Thanks fellas. Enjoy. Bye Illuminati.
Thanks fellas. Love you guys. Go Leafs Go R R-Year. Let's go baby. What is up, folks?
This is Whit and I need to talk to you about Sport Clips.
Sport Clips isn't just where you get your haircut.
It's your playbook for looking fresh.
Walk in, catch the game, and sit back while the pros in men's hair handle the rest.
And when you're done, walk out feeling like you're ready to take on anything. You see this fresh cut I got? Yes, it may be balding a little bit
but Sport Clips hooked it up. No hassle, no surprises, just a solid cut every time.
It's simple, it's easy, and it's made for guys who want to feel like they've got
the home field advantage. And if you want to track your real-time wait times,
download the app and check in online.
Sport Clips, the haircut experience,
dialed in for guys, it's a game changer.
Guys, it's Witt and I need to talk to you
about Body Armor Sports Drink.
This episode is brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink.
Body Armor is real hydration with electrolytes,
coconut water, and no artificial dyes, flavors, or sweeteners.
None of that crap.
It's electrolytes, coconut water, and none of the junk.
With your favorite flavors like strawberry banana and orange mango,
but in a brand new look that you're going to love.
Gee, look at that new bottle.
Look at that.
How nice is that?
Wait, it's incredible.
They also got the QR code on the side so you can look up all the incredible stuff.
Look at the sleek design here.
That's my go-to strawberry banana too.
Oh, it's so good.
I do like the orange mango in the morning, but strawberry banana, right with dinner,
it doesn't get any better.
And none of the flavors or sweeteners, the trash,
the stuff that isn't good for you.
There's zero of that.
Antioxidant vitamins A, C, and E to it.
Can you get any better than that?
No, you can't, because Body Armor Sports Drink is the best.
It's time to rewrite your routine
and get rid of your sports drink your grandparents drank.
Get your Body Armor today at Walmart or a local grocery
store near you body armor choose better
We are now pleased to be joined by a very very special guest the leading scorer of the Ottawa Senators the third overall pick
In the 2020 NHL draft and a man who is now going to the playoffs
2020 NHL draft and a man who is now going to the playoffs. Otto is in and a main reason it is Tim Stutel.
Thank you so much for joining the show.
What's up, guys? Thanks for having me.
Oh, buddy, it's an honor for us.
We love it. I think we've talked to everyone and your teammates over the years and just
asked questions about you. Now we get to meet you yourself.
I think I'll start it off with your fourth season.
How exciting is it to be in?
Like, you know, I'm playing playoff hockey now.
We're all going to get a chance at the big dance.
So what's the vibe around the locker room right now?
Yeah, it's been awesome.
It's definitely the most fun I had.
Like you guys know, I think winning,
there's nothing better than winning.
And yeah, we're fortunate enough to win a little bit more
than the years before.
And yeah, we're really excited to be in the playoffs
and obviously can't wait.
And I messed up, it's his fifth year, I apologize.
It's his fourth full season, right?
I believe your first season was the COVID year?
Yeah.
Wow, so you had to hop into the fire,
no fans in the building.
That must've been weird for your first year, no?
Yeah, we couldn't, I was living with Brady and Josh
and we couldn't leave the house.
Like all we did was just like chill at the house.
We couldn't see any people.
It was just basically us three the whole time.
And we were watching poker the whole day playing video games.
So it was a good time, but we couldn't do anything.
So it was kind of bad.
So you have to defend yourself here
because we caught word that you're one
of the messiest people on earth.
And maybe it was just the COVID
and the fact that everybody was locked in their houses,
but what do you have to say for yourself
and the fact that you're the messiest
hockey player on the planet?
I don't know about messiest.
I think I can be pretty messy, yeah.
But those two other guys were much better than me. So
No, I mean I I think I got better I
Was pretty young coming in so I I think I got way better now
What do we call you because it seems like you're one of those guys that has like six or seven nicknames in the locker room
So what did it start as I believe Jimmy Stu was one of the first ones and what does it
progress to now like what do the guys call you in the room yeah they just kind
of choose and pick it's Timmy Stuie Jews whatever whatever they want to call me I
guess Kalajiru calls me Jews so he he's the oldest guy. So he probably, yeah, probably sticks around for him.
That's awesome.
It seems like a great locker room.
And I know it was really hard when the trade went down, right?
Like Josh and you guys, you were very close.
Brady talked about it.
It's kind of probably maybe one of your first examples
of like a really close friend being traded.
I don't know if I'm wrong on that,
but take us through how it felt.
And then now you got Dylan Cousins there who's looked great. So it's just part
of the business. I would say, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. Obviously it was tough. Like right from like right after it happened was tough.
I drove him to the airport too. So it was pretty hard. We packed all this shit with
a bunch of the guys came over and but obviously
like we realized it's part of the business and obviously still in contact
and wish him all the best and it's obviously great having Kazi and Gilbert
and they're two great guys so they're awesome playing cards together on the
plane as well with Kazi and he's a great guy adapted really quick to the group and we're really fortunate to have him. He's a great player
Yeah, but in the end it obviously sucked to yeah see teammate go on the close friend
but that's a team decision we can't really do anything about it, so
We're really happy to have Kazi and Giles. Jimmy Stu, is this the first season where you feel like
you're, you kind of like get the league
and your consistency is there,
where you finally feel maybe like a veteran,
obviously leading the team and scoring,
but this has been a massive team season for your whole team.
And I feel like everybody's kind of finally
taking that next step, right?
It's been all these years of, oh yeah,
this is going to be the year, this is going to be the year,
but it finally feels like your game is reached where it
needs to be along with everybody else yeah I think we really committed to
playing way better defensively nobody really cares who gets a point who doesn't
all we cares about winning and I think that was the biggest step for our group
when you're young you're gonna get your points, you want to get goals and I
think that's normal. Everybody still looks at that but our main focus was
winning games and I think it really helped us a lot. Everybody is committing
to playing defense, everybody's coming back hard and I think that's a big part.
Was that Travis Green's main message when he came in and camped? Like we have so
much firepower in here. I'm not worried about the goals it's just keeping it out of our net. Yeah I think he's really good
at giving guys confidence too not just offensive but also defensively I think
he's really good at that knowing what to do in the D-zone he's really structured
and I think that helped us a lot and yeah he doesn't want to take away a whole lot of offense.
Um, just managing the game.
I think that's the biggest part when you're up a goal, maybe don't try
go to three guys and try and get another one Jimmy Stu, Jimmy Stu.
Are you listening?
Yeah, try and get another one.
So, um, I think that's the, that's the biggest part.
And I think we've really bought into that.
How does that happen?
Like in training camp as soon as he gets there, is he showing you guys video and examples
of maybe in the past where you guys like, you know, have taken those risks offensively
when you do have the lead or maybe when you're in poor position?
Like what was it mainly that like the way that DJ Smith maybe wasn't able to get through
to the group?
Like, and it's no knock on him. mainly that like the way that DJ Smith maybe wasn't able to get through to the group, like,
and it's no knock on him.
Like it's just like what, like what tone was set
in training camp in order to get that established
throughout the lineup?
No, I think it was mostly on us, like on the guys in the room,
we were sick of losing and we just wanted to know
what it took to win.
And I felt like if the whole team bought in,
then we have a chance to win every night.
And I think that was just mainly the group. Obviously DJ is a great coach. I think Greener
is a great coach as well. But I think it really clicked for us as a group that we're sick of
losing and we kind of knew what we had to do before. It's just we never really did it for some
reason and not everybody bought in. Some days it wasn't me some days. It was me some days was other guys
So we needed everybody to buy in and I think that's that's what we have this year and
Greener met with a bunch of the guys in the summer and just about expectations and stuff
And I think that was good for the whole group as well what to to expect. And yeah, we had a pretty hard training camp.
So we're prepared for that.
I want to go back to you
growing up and you getting in the game,
being from Germany. And there was always
German players in the NHL. But now
with yourself and Leon and
Sider, like, there's some true
high level elite talent coming
from Germany. What was it
like for you? Were you idolizing and dreaming of playing in the NHL?
Did you have guys in the DEL that you kind of idolized?
Take us through how you got into the game
and your beginning and come up.
Yeah, so my dad played hockey until he was 18,
and then he quit, and I started when I was four.
And we would always go watch the,
it was early on,
it was the under 19 in my hometown.
We would go watch every weekend when there was no games for me and watch every
weekend, I wanted to play there so bad.
Like that was like, yeah, I want to play there so bad.
And, um, my, one of my best friends growing up, his dad played in the DL.
And so we are always hanging
out together we're on one team and then I got to watch like more DL games
because of him we were always there together and that kind of became my
dream but the first dream was just playing under 19 for my hometown team
and yeah me my dad went to every single game we could. And yeah, I just, from that on, I love hockey so much.
So then when I went to Mannheim,
I kind of saw a chance that I can make it to the M show.
I saw that, like G mentioned it before you hopped on,
that you went to Mannheim,
but there was actually conversations
of you going playing NCAA,
where you had committed to New Hampshire?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I was just...
How the hell was that going to work?
I mean, you're still confused by the decision, it seems.
Yeah, I think it was more my parents who wanted me to do school.
I think that was the biggest part because they're always saying,
you never know what's going gonna happen with injuries and stuff and
Yeah, but I kind of believed in myself that I can play a pro in Germany wanted to make some money too
And yeah, I was it was great
It's the right decision and I think I learned a lot from the guys there
I play with going back to your childhood my understanding is you you started on the skates at three years old
Is that true?
Yeah, like three and a half, four. Yeah.
That's wild. And I think that for most people who watch you play would say you're one of the best skaters in the league.
Like the way that you're able to move out there.
Were you like going into specific like power skating lessons?
Like what was it about your training that was that you were able to become such a great skater?
I think yeah, I to be honest like I didn't like in the summer like I never had like a personal coach or anything.
I just did a lot of other sports, played lots of soccer and I remember my first coach.
He was really, really good about skating like we would skate a lot
like not a lot of pucks and yeah he was really good about that but I I never had
like a power skating coach or anything I think it's more just loving the game too
and and just doing other sports well I think it's really important and that was
for me I think I'm pretty athletic so that helped my skating I think it's really important. And that was for me, I think I'm pretty athletic. So that helped my skating, I think a lot.
And Witt, I was just gonna quickly ask,
it says you're from, is it Viersen?
Is that how you pronounce it?
Yeah, yeah.
What was your town like where you grew up?
Like, was it a big population?
Like, was it more of like a smaller community?
Yeah, really small town.
Like really, really small town in Germany.
Maybe like 10,000 people.
Wow.
So yeah, so really small.
But that's where I grew up.
But in Fiersen, that's where I got born, in the hospital.
But where I grew up is like a really small town.
And there was one soccer
field and they actually built a brand new there too, so it was awesome when I was playing
there and the rink where I played in was like in a bigger city, it was like 20 minutes away.
And wait, I just got one more follow up.
No, no, go ahead.
Given your athleticism, I know, yeah, I'm just hogging it over here trying to get your
head as a Leafs fan. No I know, yeah, I'm just hogging it over here trying to get your head as a Leafs fan.
No, no, no, I love it.
Given the fact that you're so big and athletic,
was there pressure for you to maybe go the soccer route,
given it's probably a, I mean, it seems like soccer
is the national sport there,
and that's what everyone wants to play, right?
Was there pressure dragging you over to that,
or were you laser focused on hockey
when the season started?
Yeah and I was so confused like what to do because I was actually better in soccer than I was at hockey
and so I was really confused like I didn't really know what to do but I decided to go in the hockey way and because mostly my best friend was playing hockey too. So yeah, that's probably the biggest reason
why I went playing hockey.
You could be the first Bo Jackson
from like the hockey world.
Imagine he was playing soccer and in the NHL.
Well, with the way some people have claimed
that Jimmy Stu dives, he would fit in on both.
How about that, Jimmy?
You had some guys, Brendan Gallagher came out and I mean, were teammates giving you
a hard time?
What did you think about the diving accusations?
Yeah, I don't really care.
I was always a guy who moved my feet pretty quick and I think that's the biggest part.
I'm not trying to dive or do anything or get a penalty for
something. I'm just trying to play my game and my game is trying to be good on my edges
and play fast. And yeah, I think it's most mostly fans who yeah, don't like seeing us
win and mostly mostly fans from other teams. I'll say though, they got sent. He's got sends
army behind him. So anybody saying it is probably going to get death threats.
Like they might even show up.
How hardcore is sends army?
I got people like DMing me on Twitter death threats because I've been coming
at the sense saying that the Leafs are going to beat them in five or six.
Yeah, they're awesome.
They're awesome.
I think especially this year.
Um, yeah, the support has been unreal and we just wanted to give them something back
But also the years before that when we were terrible
They still supported us. We're going for walks. They still said we're playing great and
Yeah, but the support is awesome
And I think it helps us a lot as a group as well and when the rink is packed
You guys know how far it up you get for that Oh that rink is something else. I'll get into that in a minute, but I kind of wanted to go back to growing up in Germany
I'm guessing as biz mentioned, you know most kids that are athletes they grow up
They dream of playing in like the Bundesliga or whatever
But do you think it's starting to switch a little bit like have you seen hockey growing?
Based on you and Leon and cider and a lot more kids maybe now dreaming of the NHL as opposed to pro
soccer? Yeah I mean soccer is probably always gonna be the number one sport
there because it's just so big over there and everybody who grows up watches
soccer and it's like their number one sport and but I think mostly kids are
realizing that it's also great playing hockey and it's awesome
playing hockey in Germany.
They have a great league there.
Great fans.
Yeah, great fans.
It's awesome to play in front of the fans there.
And yeah, I think the rinks are packed all the time as well.
And where I live in the summer, it's like a hockey town and their unreal like youth program.
And so, yeah, hopefully it's kind of changing a little bit, but I think soccer is
still forever going to be number one.
So when you know, most call it most Americans are playing junior and Canadians,
they're draft year, you were able to play in the DEL for Mannheim, which is a pretty
storied franchise over there.
I feel like Swedish kids could play in the SHL if they're high level players, their draft
year.
Did you think that you'd maybe be going back after the draft?
Did you imagine you'd be going right to the NHL?
Did you even think during that season, wow, I'm playing well enough, I think I could make
the step up to the National Hockey League next year. Yeah, I think, uh, yeah, it was pretty funny.
I mean, pretty funny now, but, um, I was, I went, I was heard right before the World
Juniors and kind of rushed to get back to play with Juniors because I wanted to play
it so bad.
And then, um, I was always like in contact with Ottawa, but then we got whacked 17-2
by Canada.
Oh, I remember that game.
Oh God.
Yeah.
And then I, I signed my deal like the next day.
So, um, yeah, it was kind of weird.
Like we just got absolutely slapped and then I signed my deal the next day.
So, um, yeah, it was, it was kind of weird, but, um, that was kind of when they told me, uh, you're coming over right off the road juniors and, uh, you're going to get some games and, um, yeah.
Just see where it goes.
Nice.
Yeah.
That's pretty cool.
And didn't Alex Trebek call you because it was like a remote draft at the time.
Yeah. He didn't call me, but he did like the, the kind of trivia thing, uh, where he
picked me, he was the guy who made the pick.
Did you know who that was?
No, I'm honest.
I'm no, I didn't, but my teammates knew like all my teammates are there.
A bunch of Canadian guys too.
So, um, they knew.
That's awesome.
Dema didn't demodove get called by Celine Dion. That's awesome. Didn't Demidov get called by Celine Dion?
That's fucking badass too.
I think that that was one of the ones,
that was, I believe it was at the, what the, the sphere?
Yeah.
But I was gonna go back to Germany,
where like, who were the guys that you were playing with
or that were around, or maybe it was Leon Dreiseidel,
given the fact he's a few years older,
that you were like looking up to
and trying to emulate your game after like,
were there any guys that like really like took you
under their wing to help you
and advance your skills and your career?
Yeah, I think everywhere I played,
I always played with like older guys.
So everywhere I played,
there were always a bunch of guys
who kind of took me under their wing
and try to help me out. I mean, I was 14, like practicing with like 20 year olds.
So it was like, it was pretty, like, it was pretty crazy age difference.
And then when I went to man, I met like Marcel Godge.
Oh yeah.
Ben Smith, Tommy Hutter.
There were a bunch of guys, Plachter.
He still plays in Mannheim. Yeah. Who took care of me playing there. And it was, there were a bunch of guys, Plachter, he still plays in Mannheim,
yeah, who took care of me playing there and it was awesome.
How did that season go?
Were you guys able to make a little run in the playoffs or was it a quick exit?
Yeah we finished the season second, the regular season, and then playoffs got cancelled because
of COVID.
Oh fuck that was that year. the regular season and then playoffs got canceled because of COVID. So.
Yeah.
It was, yeah.
So.
Now is the DEL for people who don't know it's,
I would say it's a little more closer
to North America style because you're allowed
so many imports.
Like was fighting allowed in the DEL?
Or is it still a game misconduct?
Like what do you remember about your one season over there?
I heard the referees were shit in that league
I'm serious. I'm not even fucking around either. No, I mean
Yeah, it's it's the the roughing is
Definitely a little different than over here
little softer, maybe I would say
But I think the league is really good. I think it's a really good league
There's a bunch of players who played high played NHL got drafted high in the NHL
so a lot of talented players and
Yeah, I think it's a pretty good league and I think it's just getting better too. There's a bunch of
Younger German guys coming up. We're awesome. So
bunch of younger German guys coming up. We're awesome.
So it's going to be great.
So as we watch the four nations, right, we talked about, you know, all the countries
that didn't get to participate that would be in the Olympics, Germany being one of them.
Like, do you guys have to do any like pre-tournament things?
Like sometimes they have like the qualifiers to the main Olympics for the national teams.
Like, or are you guys already set and ready for next year in Italy?
No, we already in yeah
Nice. We're already in so yeah
That's gotta be exciting
Yeah, it's unreal the the coaches and the other coach and the manager
Just came and saw me and Mo play to Ottawa so we went for dinner
So it's awesome. Who would be considered the Wayne Gretzky of German hockey?
Like who's the top dog?
Probably, yeah, probably Dreisle.
Really, he's gotten there that quick, eh?
Fuck, what a legend.
I mean, he scores 50 every year, so.
I guess that'll do it, eh?
I know you're young, but have you like,
what are the biggest cultural differences
between Germany and Canada?
Like are Germans like very intense and stiff or are they like silly and do they joke around
a lot?
Like, what do you, what did you find the biggest difference between Canadians and Germans?
Yeah, I think Canadians are way nicer.
Germans get that scowl on their face sometimes.
You see it from dry side of every shift.
I'd be fucking scared of the guy.
Yeah, they can be pretty hard.
So yeah, they're pretty straightforward with what they say.
They always say it how they think.
And I think Canadian a little bit nicer.
And yeah, just try to make you more
comfortable you know.
Did you find that like Canadians were almost fucking with you because they were so nice
like almost like they were like like they were some people think when I'm being nice
to them especially in the states they're like are you fucking with me and I'm like no no
I'm being dead serious so did you get get that at first where you weren't sure
what their angle was or were you just aware
that they were that nice off the hop?
No, I think when you think they're overly nice
with a bunch of people in the US,
like when you walk in a store, for example,
and they say, oh, you look so good,
like you think, what's going on?
You don't have to say that.
I don't think many people are saying that to us.
You're just the stallion.
No, but you know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
So, um, no, I think in Canada, the people are just super nice and, um, yeah, they
just treat everybody with respect.
So, um, it's pretty awesome.
So cause you're German, does that mean you can gas beers?
Like, can you just, can you throw them back?
I mean I like beers yeah.
I would say my dad can probably throw them back more than me yeah.
Do your parents come over and visit a lot? Like are they able to come to a bunch of games?
Yeah my dad is here right now so we have like a dad's trip, so he's here right now.
And yeah, my mom maybe wants to come over pretty soon too.
But yeah, it's good to have him here right now.
He loves watching hockey as well, so he enjoys the games.
Is that your house right there where you're at in your office?
Holy fuck, Jimmy Stu.
Jesus, you look like you're a fucking Bond villain in that mansion.
Those are some high... How tall are those ceilings?
I don't even know.
That's gotta be about 18, 20 feet.
Did you build it? Did you build the house or was it already built?
No, it's said... It's Chickens house.
Oh, no light bulbs.
Bands make them dance. Yeah, it's Chickies house. Oh, no light bulbs. Bands make them dance. Yeah. It's
shaky's house. Does that just play on the loud speaker every
morning? Bands make them day bands. How cool has it been
seeing that guy do what he's done this year? I mean, you got
to play with him last year. Unfortunately, it didn't work
out, but holy shit, dude. Not only 20 rips, but that big
ticket eight times nine. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, he's awesome.
He's just, he's a great guy, obviously a great player.
And yeah, we got along really well so I'm really happy for him.
Yeah, he's different with a bunch of shit but he's great.
Like his dedication to being prepared. It's really impressive
He kind of does whatever it takes. So it's pretty awesome He deserves does he have like a meat locker there like a slaughterhouse where he
Gets his own raw beef. No, there's no slaughterhouse. No, there's just four gyms in the house
It's like dude. I think you only needed one checky. Oh
There's actually no gym. He didn't put a gym in but he had like a treatment room there.
So we interviewed Dylan Strom last week we were talking about the OV Gold Chase and I mentioned
how he's one of the best contracts in the league and you signed your ticket 8.3 times 8 years and
now it's like oh my god with the cap going up Ottawa Ottawa got a nice deal for you like when you were signing that were you thinking about a five-year deal was the whole time you're you and your agent wanted a long-term
Eight year, how did the contract negotiation go?
Yeah, I was
Actually really easy
all I wanted was
eight times eight
That's how I wanted my agent no, you're not signing that.
And then he kind of called me after like 10 days.
He's like, that's where we had, I told him, yeah, that's what I want to sign.
Like that's all I want.
And, uh, yeah, he, he kind of pushed it up a little higher.
And, um, yeah, so it was really easy.
It took like 12 days maybe.
And that was in the golf course. He called me and he said all done. So, um, yeah, it was really easy. It took like 12 days maybe and I was in the golf course.
He called me and he said all done. So yeah, it was really easy.
That's good.
And were you going on eight times eight based on like seeing some what other guys had signed for and seeing your numbers?
You're like, I think that's what I'm worth and that's what I want like based on some other guys some calls. Yeah. Yeah
And I signed a year early too. So yeah, I kind of saw myself being better next year
And yeah, I saw what some other guys signed for so yeah, that was that was my number and I wanted to get it done
as soon as possible
So yeah, it was great now. Do you think like you got three straight years with over 50 assists?
You know one of those years you had 39 goals.
Like, would you consider yourself more of a playmaker?
Obviously you could score too,
but is playmaking more your game, you think?
Yeah, I don't know if I can still score.
I haven't scored in a while, but.
Hey, you're saving him for playoffs, bud.
Yeah, but.
No, he's not.
No, he's not. No, simmer not. No. Simmer down there.
Unless you're playing the Leafs, Biz will be rooting for you.
Yeah, I always was more of a playmaker I'd say, but I kind of... the last games I think
I got to pick and choose a little bit better when to shoot and when to pass and yeah, I'm
trying to figure it out right now.
So going back to the Sens, take us inside the room a little bit for any sense army fans listening like who's the biggest clown in the room is it?
Brady is it like is it who's the guy that's really keeping the team loose or is there more than one guy like that?
I think we have a bunch of guys who are clowns. I love that but
The biggest one which you never can take serious is probably Tauno Shabot.
Really?
Really?
Yeah.
You can never take him serious.
You don't know what mood you're getting.
So no, he's a great guy.
Always gets a lot from the boys and yeah, he's pretty funny.
So what do you mean?
Like some days he might show up a little bit cranky and like, but he's
wearing his heart on his sleeve.
So like everybody's like, Oh, leave him alone.
He's cranky today.
Yeah.
No, that's G that's G.
Oh, the old grumpy guy.
Yeah.
Well, he's gotten two fucking cars stolen.
I'd be pissed off all year too.
No, it's G when he comes to the rankings that you he's, uh, you can tell he didn't get enough
sleep or he's just a little grumpy.
Uh, something didn't go well at home.
And, um, so we just let him hear about it too.
Uh, we let him know about it right away.
And then he always says every morning he's the happiest guy in here.
Um, but I don't know.
I don't know if that's always true.
Um, but yeah, he's probably the don't know if that's always true. Um, but yeah,
he's probably the guy who gets chirped the most for being a Hall of Famer. It's
probably like insane. And he always says, yeah, he says it's because he can take
it. But, um, yeah,
I can't wait till the end of the year where, where, where Brady and the boys let
them know they took his cars and they got both of them just in the park exit meetings and then there's both of his fucking whips that got stolen.
They were just fucking with him the whole time.
It's Jimmy Stu's dad's car. It's his dad's car.
You just bought a new one.
What cars was he driving? Like what was he driving that he got jacked?
He was driving like Range Rovers
That second car wasn't even his I don't think it was like a loner
This guy oh
We interviewed um Shane Pinto and nobody loves laughing at their more jokes than Pinto
Oh, he just he's he tells a joke and he's dying
He'll also laugh at your jokes, which makes you feel good, but he seems like a blast to
be around in the room with.
Yeah, he's awesome.
He gets true to the lobster.
But yeah, he's awesome.
He's a great guy.
I think he's going to get so much better still as well.
And he's already a great player.
I think he's got a lot of talent still in him and it works really hard.
So I think he's just going to get better too.
What's it been like seeing the evolution of Brady and his leadership?
I believe you mentioned, you said you lived with him in the first year.
Like obviously I feel like it's like internal,
the way that he was raised through Walton and being around Matthew.
But like what's it been like over the last four years to see like from a
leadership standpoint, where he was and where he is today, everything you saw at four nations and just
the man that he's become.
It's made a huge difference.
I think the first year coming in, he was always really, like you said, he, he has everything
inside of him and he always has a lot of emotions coming out of him.
And sometimes doing games when we get down or something, he would show us
emotions, he would fight too much because we want him on the ice.
And I think he's really improved.
Like he's been a great captain.
Um, and just the way he handles himself right now with like, he stays calm at all
moments, doesn't matter if we're down if we're up and I think that's just
Of him maturing as well and which helps our team a lot is that
He's so even keel that we all even keel and we believe we can come back at all at all times
And also in the room, I think he will improve when to say things what to say he's been
Really really good and um the the guys obviously respect them a lot. Fuck, when I hate hearing all this stuff, man.
I think they're going to wax you.
They're going to walk you.
They're going to wax you.
I think it might go to six games now.
I think I said five yesterday.
I think it's going to go to six now.
It's got to be.
And this isn't a knock on anyone, but the feeling you have with with all mark and
net must be just so amazing.
Like if we have a breakdown, we trust this guy and how good he's been. but the feeling you have with with all mark and net must be just so amazing.
Like if we have a breakdown,
we trust this guy and how good he's banned.
Does that change like the mindset for the team a little bit?
Yeah, I think obviously he's been awesome.
And I think Forzee has been great as well.
He's been a really good goalie and both of them playing great for us.
And also when Levi was there, the younger guy, he was great for us as well.
So I think all the goals we had in this year were awesome for us.
And I think the biggest key for goalies being consistent.
But that also helps when your team in front of you is consistent and plays
the same way 95 of the time.
And I think that helped the goalies too,
but obviously Ueli is a great goalie
and yeah, you're really confident in him
when you have him back there.
If you maybe turn one over, he's saving you.
Yeah.
Saving your bacon.
And then have you guys been told anything on the inside
about a possible new arena
and you hear news of going downtown? Are you guys guys like involved in that at all do you hear any
news yeah I I mean I think we're getting a new arena I think that's the plan I
think that was the plan when when they sold the team I think that that's what
what it was or when we bought when they bought the team but yeah I think that that's what it was or when they bought the team.
But yeah, I think it's gonna take a little bit. I don't know what the city,
I heard it's always been hard here building a new ring.
So I don't know if it's gonna take four or five or six years
but I think there's for sure gonna be a new ring.
What's it been like with new ownership?
Like I've talked to a few,
oh, who you saying hello to there?
Who's, is that your old man? No, Drake Bathers. Oh, is he living with you? Get him over here.
He's just coming over for a haircut. There he is. What do you mean? You guys got a barber
that comes to your house? Yeah. Oh, fuck these kids. They're going to wax you guys. This
team is going to wax you guys. Shut the fuck up, Whit.
You're telling me Max Domey doesn't have his own barber coming to the rink?
Come on.
Drake, he's telling us that G gets chert more than anyone
in the locker room.
That's unbelievable.
It's crazy.
Yeah, the boys are all over him.
Poor veteran, Biz.
Guy can't get any longer.
Who picks on him the most Oh
Tibbies up there
Shabby shabby I never see a guy with over 1,100 points get chirps of what now that's what I'm saying. He's like, what am I do?
What I do wrong?
These young guys are taking over. He's awesome
He just I think he loves it too. You guys know G like I think he loves it. You know, like it fires him up.
He took Biz on a date to the NHL awards one time.
Yeah, he brought me to the NHL awards. I had two rooms the whole week and I never even checked into the one he got me. That was like, boys, yeah.
We went off the rails completely. I didn't even know Lundquist. He won the Vezna.
We were like partying at the club with him after he won. It was a fucking, it was like
a make a wish foundation for biz fourth line peasant. Um, I can't believe this guy's got
his leaf stuff on. I don't know. It's crazy. What do you mean? Joke, Drake, I'm telling
you he's a joke. Yo, I didn't even really want to interview Stutso
because I don't like tummy sticks
before you meet in the playoffs,
but I guess we had to.
Yeah.
Eat ice cream with the enemy, eh, coach?
What else was I going to ask you?
Oh, I was asking you about ownership.
How much different has it been since,
is it, how do you say his last name?
Ann Lauer? Ann Lauer?
Ann Lauer, yeah.
Ann Lauer, since he took over.
I never really got to have a chance to meet
the previous owner, Eugene,
because he was not in great condition, I think.
So that was pretty unfortunate.
But yeah, Micah has been awesome.
He's been really awesome. He puts a lot of effort in the team
I think he's almost every game
so he just loves watching hockey as well and and
what he said is
That he wants to do everything for this team and I think that's that's really impressive
And I think he loves this team as well the same as we we do. And I think that's a pretty special feeling.
And he's always got our back.
So it's awesome.
Another guy, we could kind of finish off with this,
but it's a young, exciting team.
And I don't think a ton of people knew about Jake Sanderson
prior to the Four Nations.
And now you hear the other NHL superstars
from Team USA talking like, like holy shit basically about this guy
He's also signed eight times eight. I mean, I know you got a little bit more
You got bragging rights on him
But have you just seen the development just like go so uphill and and it's he's not even close to the ceiling yet, right?
Yeah, he's elite. Yeah, I I don't know I I
Don't even know how to describe him. His skating is just unbelievable.
Yeah.
And his dedication to hockey is insane too. He loves it. He does everything. Goes to bed at like 9pm.
Oh, he's one of those robots?
Yeah, he's like, no, he's not a robot. He's kind of like cheeky though.
Like he likes to like some fancy stuff too.
And he believes in that fancy stuff, but like he's just unbelievable.
Like he's so good.
Like we knew that right when he came in from college, how good he's going to be.
And yeah, we have all the confidence in him that
he's gonna be a top three demon in the league. Are his ears that big in person?
I'm serious. He looks like my twin. Who told you that? Well we saw his draft picture.
What do you mean? He's got fucking satellite dishes on the side of his head.
Come on here.
You don't think the Leafs players will be mentioning that on the ice round one?
Yeah, Sanderson's tears and Matthew's forehead.
It evens itself's hope is.
Hey, you fucking pipe down over there.
Now, Stu, who would you want to play first round?
Oh, God.
Jesus. You want to hear my honest opinion?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, we don't really care.
We're just happy we're in and we want to play the best we can play.
And yeah, we don't care where we're playing.
I think we match up against any team pretty well.
Senator's PR guy is so happy because he just heard him say, want to hear my honest opinion and thought we may just get a
I think their heart dropped.
But when they hear this, their hearts are gonna drop.
I just tried to get this going.
My heart dropped.
I'm not fucking scared.
I could serve me Ottawa Sens nation on a platter.
Oh my God.
I cannot wait to be chirping.
I'm buying a Sens jersey. I'm buying a Stutzel Sens jerseyatter. Oh my god. I cannot wait to be chirping. I'm buying a Sens Jersey.
I'm buying a Stutzel Sens Jersey now. Fuck this guy. Hey, any big purchases after you signed your
ticket? Yeah, I bought a car back home. So will you spend every summer back in Germany? You're
going back. Nice. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. Sick. And where though? Do you go back to that small town or are
you in one of the big cities? No, I live in Mannheim where I played my last three years.
My trainer's there, so yeah, I live there.
We got one last question and that's presented by Roback.
Use code CHICKLITS on Roback.com for generous 20 off
your first purchase through the end of the week.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S on R-H-O-B-A-C-K.com.
20 off hoodies joggers and more with code
chicklets what's a good last question I got one can we do a Jimmy Stu dating
show presented by Barstool and chicklets and rollback we'll even go back to
Germany are the are the German women very intense and and and like calm
demeanor like the men, very stoic.
I think the best thing is 90 of them don't even know hockey.
So I think that's pretty good.
Is it like Sweden where you all can speak English at a young age over there?
Yeah, mostly. I think everybody kind of speaks English there.
Really? Okay, and I guess another last question.
For Americans and even Canadians listening,
if you got to recommend one city, if you're going over
to Germany, you got three nights, where are you sending me?
I think Munich.
So I've always heard Munich, too.
And I would think Berlin, but people say Munich is so fun.
Yeah, Munich is, you gotta go on Oktoberfest.
Yeah.
That's where your gas and beers.
I'll hang with your dad.
Me and your dad will get buckled.
Hey, isn't Berlin a little bit more gothic and dark?
I've heard of these like underground clubs.
No, it is.
Do you know that crazy bouncer,
the one who's got tattoos all over him at the at the Berlin club?
Where like it opens up at like one o'clock in the morning, and they just go all night have you ever heard of this?
No, I I heard about a bunch of this yeah, but I've never went so that's what he did with his contract
He invested in that club. He's a part owner of us Jimmy
Unreal time chat with you buddy.
You're a very, very fun player to watch. And my first ever NHL playoff game was
in Ottawa. We were outshot 20 to nothing in the first period and I'll never forget
the crowd. So you're gonna get to experience that. I'm happy for you and
good luck. Thanks guys. Thanks for having me. This is the guy. Oh yeah, you showed me that guy.
Sven Markorth.
Here, I'm gonna pull out this picture.
You've never seen this guy, Jimmy Stu?
What the fuck?
He's the bouncer.
He ain't letting you in there.
No, Chad.
No way.
You guys are, you guys are toast.
Well hey buddy, good luck in playoffs. Thank you. If you play my Leafs, don't do anything stupid.
See you later, dude.
Guys, before we continue, we need to talk about game time.
The NHL playoffs are finally here and the only place to buy hard to get
playoff tickets is game time. The official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. Killer last minute deals,
all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee.
Game Time takes the guesswork out of buying NHL playoff tickets.
Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to puck drop.
You could save up to 60 when buying last minute tickets.
the closer it gets to puck drop. You could save up to 60 when buying last-minute tickets. Plus, on April 22nd for Earth Day, when you select and purchase a super deal, Game Time will plant a tree
with the proceeds. I was looking at tickets for that first game in LA, Edmonton, LA. I'm just
curious. Should I fly out there with my wife like that? 112 bucks. It's an amazing deal for great seats, 112 bucks on Game Time for
LA Edmonton Game 1. What are you waiting for? I'm gonna buy those Edmonton
Euler LA tickets right now and then maybe get in trouble because I'm flying
out to LA for Game 1 or I'm gonna try to. Take the guesswork out of buying NHL
playoff tickets with Game Time. Download the Game Time app, create an account and
use code CHICKLITS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLITS
for 20 off.
Download the Game Time app today.
What time is it?
Game Time.
Thank you so much to Tim Stutzel.
What a guy, what a player.
And my final message to SensArmy is,
I learned the hard way last year,
calling out the Vancouver Canucks fans and kind of getting a little battle going before the series.
Biz is calling you out, SensArmy. Just torture this guy.
I forget sending tweets of the Irish travelers. Send the Irish travelers back over to them.
Like really make this thing physical because this guy will wither just as the Leafs have
the past 52 or whatever years it's been.
So thank you so much to Hockey Illuminati as well.
We are on to the two Western Conference series that we haven't talked about yet.
And the first one is the Vegas Golden Knights, the Silent Assassins versus the Minnesota Wild, who clinched at home Tuesday night,
was it? And they're coming in healthy. So my initial thoughts are, I think Vegas
is going to run right over these guys. I think Vegas is so good and they're the
favorites in the West. But Minnesota now getting Kaprizov and Eric Sinek back is
enormous.
Biz, I'm going to throw it to you first.
Can I fill you in on a little news that broke today in which Zeev Boolyam signed
leaving Denver and then shockingly wasn't in the lineup for the must-win game
they had against the Anaheim Ducks.
But the tune changed today at practice where Zeev Boolyam was running the
Minnesota Wilds first power play.
What?
Yes. Holy shit. Talk about throwing men into the fire.
Hey, and as as many struggles as they had in the back half due to injuries and losing games,
uh that that flower thing was pretty cool. I know they end up going to overtime. They
throw flower net. He stands on his head goes vintage flower. They sealed a deal against
Anaheim where fuck they had to score in the last minute to tie that thing up to even get
their, their playoff positioning locked in. So that morale and that building was unbelievable
and it was a crazy to see but I agree with you with like
Vegas to me is a favorite in the West just given their path right now
I think it's a great matchup for them and I think that they're gonna beat them in six games
I don't mind Minnesota. I think Capri soft and Eric's neck is gonna make the world of difference
I'm shocked to hear that William is running their power play
of difference. I'm shocked to hear that Booeyum is running their power play. You would have maybe envisioned them kind of handing it over to the guys who have got them in that position. But hey,
man, when you got young studs available and they believe in them this much, you might as well throw
them in the mix and get them that playoff experience as soon as he's available. So I just like really
don't have much either in the fact that like Vegas will make work
of these guys.
And it's just a really, really tough draw for Minnesota.
Keith, I'll say this that it's all about depth, right?
Like you look at Vegas and like they just keep coming at you.
And I look at Minnesota and that top line, phenomenal.
Eric Sinek between Boldy and Kaprizov. They can play with any line in the league.
It's after that that is the issue.
And Vegas, you look at like, all right, you got Eichel, you got Stone, you got these gamebreakers.
This Dora Fiev this year.
Dora Fiev.
Holy shit. What a player.
Actually, Liam Blutman at Barstool, who's just a he's a knower of all sports.
He's like, I've been talking about this guy for years.
I was waiting for him to pop off.
He knows Russian somehow.
He's a sicko biz.
You know who Blutman is?
The redheaded guy who always looks really high.
He's classic.
He might be my favorite guy at the company.
He's awesome.
He knows sports. Itchy eyes.
He looks amazing.
Got itchy eyes all the time.
I just, I think that like, all right,
you got Jack Eichel who who the season he's had, the
amount of points he put up, his game defensively with Dora Fiev and Brett Howden on one line,
then William Carlson with Riley Smith and Olufsen, right?
And that's not even including Stone because this lineup I'm looking at, he didn't even
play.
So I think that back end wise too, like I love Spurgeon, I love Faber, I think
Zeeb Bouyam could be great.
You saw Makar hop into the playoffs years ago.
I'm not saying he's Kale Makar, but I think this kid will be ready to go.
But Vegas's Dee is probably the best in the league, right?
I mean, you're able to come at people nonstop.
McNabb's a hammer.
He's laying the hammer constantly.
He's physical in front,
and he dishes it over to Shea Theodore.
That guy can move the puck.
He got some rest by getting injured at Four Nations.
Then you got Haag and Petro.
You got Hanifin possibly with Petro instead.
Then Haag drops down.
I just think Vegas is so dialed in.
Aiden Hill's got his contract extension.
It's a team that is gonna be so difficult
to knock out of the playoffs.
Minnesota's had a phenomenal year.
I mean, they've missed Kaprizov for half the season,
Erickson Eck for such a long time.
So many injuries, they still somehow got in,
but they don't have the depth yet
to compete with the big dogs.
Yeah, couldn't agree more.
Ian, the Hartman suspension too, that's, you know,
hurts your team.
I think the fact that they've made Minnesota made the playoffs with as many
injuries as they did.
You got to tip your cap to Billy G and the belief that that team has in each
other. Obviously the flower story has been great. I'd give them the net.
I'd give them the net first game. They're like, you know, against your old team.
Gustafson has been so good. I was thinking that too, but like Wild fans are like,
no, no, Gustafson.
And then you always have the ability to throw in flower if Gustafson struggles.
He had a huge bounce back here. Remember he was pretty bad last year.
He was pretty awesome this season for the Wild. Um,
there's one thing that's really pissing fans off that want to see some good
hockey and that's game two biz 11 Eastern start.
Come on.
School game.
School, you're talking about.
SpongeBob.
Oh, you're talking about 11 o'clock at night?
Holy fuck, I didn't see that.
Maybe they have like a concert beforehand
or something like that.
That's fucking nuts.
That's way too late.
Everybody's gonna be in bed.
What if though, guys, what if Biz,
what if Kaprizov, who was like the favorite for MVP
before his injury, what if he just takes over this series
and he does what we've seen McDavid and Kucherov
and these superstars like Kinnon do,
and he takes over and wins this series?
I just think it goes back to the fact that they got six Redwoods back there who are long, star of the and then you're talking about those six long bodies. Do they have a defenseman under 6'1"?
I think Shea Theodore might be their smallest defenseman.
And because they can box out so easily,
like what's Aiden Hill not seeing, right?
So they're just, and then they have
the complimentary cheap pieces on the wing.
So I just look at, like you said,
I look at Vegas way too deep.
Minnesota's
only fucking prayer is the fact that Capri soft is shooting Roman candles
out of his ass and goes all world on them and I just don't see that
happening they've they listen they've played in the Western Conference
against the toughest teams all year they haven't had an issue all season I don't
see it being an issue now especially when it's go time So I got Vegas and and listen, I'm saying six games
I think that's being nice enough to Minnesota the fact that they can pull off to do you guys even have it going that long?
I have Vegas in five
Minnesota it's been it'll be I think ten years if they get out of the first round kind of crazy
They just can't get over the hump. But maybe with all the cap room coming, there's just brighter futures ahead.
You know, boo EM next year, but it's not, it's not their time yet.
Vegas in five.
No.
Yeah.
What do you got, Jans?
Either Vegas in five or four.
I think it's going to be light work for them because, and what's the
famous saying defense wins championships and that's how they built this team
from the back end out and I think this series is going to just, you know, be exhibition for, uh, for
Vegas and I'm going to go for Vegas and four.
Okay.
Going for a sweep there.
Um, I think that's our first predicted sweep, I think.
Um, but that brings us to the final series and buddy, I, I feel really bad
because last episode while previewing the four series
that we decided to do first, we didn't mention, congratulations to the Winnipeg Jets and their
fan base for a President's Trophy and one of the most incredible seasons that I didn't
see coming.
I doubted you again.
Army was on your train last year and the regular season was phenomenal and the first round was a disaster, but you did it again. Army was on your train last year and the regular season was phenomenal and the first round was a disaster but you did it again. You get the best goalie in
the world and you won a president's trophy. Now some people say that's a
curse. Some people say that's a curse but one thing that would I think piss off
Canada is if the Winnipeg Jets were the team that brought the Cup back home. I
don't know why. I just feel like Leafs fans and Habs fans and Oilers fans,
like, what the fuck?
The Jets did it.
They were in Atlanta.
But the Winnipeg Jets got a tough bounce here, boys.
And that is facing the red hot St.
Louis Blues.
They had a little bit of a skid and it looked like it was locked in, but they ended
up figuring it out, getting in, and they have.
Did you know this?
Robert Thomas leading the league in scoring since the Four Nations? Is that true, Biz? Is that true? Yeah,
he's up there. He's up there. He's had a heck of a run and the one thing about them is they got a
lot of young legs in that lineup and when we were talking about them throughout that 12-game win
streak or maybe it was 13, is their guys between the
ages of 23 and 26. Now, Holloway is not going to be back, correct?
Sucks. That is such a significant loss because he
was just a, he was an energy bug out there and just provided tons for that lineup. But
the reason why I don't like St. Louis as much is because I just think they're too thin on the back end and it's too, you know, they've lost a few guys due to injury and you know, you,
you got all that energy kind of throughout that 12, 13 game winning streak that you had
given up to get there. I just don't know if they have the depth in order to get it done.
Now Bennington could stand in his head like he did at the four nations. I think that mentally
he has the edge going into this series on Hellebuck,
but if they can get the confidence rolling early Winnipeg,
I could see them running away with this. As far as their forward lines, man,
fucking well-oiled machine. They just come at you in waves. They're heavy.
They're skilled. They could put the puck in the back of the net. I mean,
the list goes on with guys.
Maybe the one
Concern is second line center position, but it's not like it's not like the center position for the same guy
I do that's my guy in the Mestica, but it's not like st
Louis's center ice is gonna light you on fire like compared to what?
Winnipeg has so I I think I have this also going to six games
I think it'll be very competitive st. Louis has the experience of having gone on long runs
So I just think that Winnipeg is gonna get over that mental edge. It's not like we're good
We saw last year. They don't have a tough draw like Colorado or Vegas
This is gonna be the year where Winnipeg goes on a run boys
They could fucking they can get it done as long as they stay healthy
Ehlers a guy who's up for contract
Has a lot to prove in order to get his payday and free agency. He's been
Apparently behind the scenes very vocal about he wants to be paid like a first-line winger
Well, here's your opportunity to fucking light it up and get that payday.
I'm looking at him to have a big first round
as well as a playoff run, but too many weapons, too deep.
Winnipeg's gonna roll over St. Louis in six.
Well, you might've flipped me a little bit.
I was leaning towards St. Louis, St. Louis a little bit.
Yeah, just because of the whole
Bennington four nations.
Um, I just feel like once Bennington gets his mind games in somebody else's
soul, like he's already won it.
But what I've loved about St.
Louis since Montgomery came over is the young guys buying in defensively.
You see Kai Rue, Thomas, those guys aren't cheating to go on the offense. They're not cheating to get points. They're playing the right way and
they're still getting their points. So they've earned what they've got. You know,
get a tough, tough draw with Winnipeg. But if Winnipeg doesn't win this series,
Biz, they're the Leafs of the West. So they need to win this series as bad as
the Leafs need to win every series this year.
So I'm going with Winnipeg as well. I think they're too deep. They're too big.
Tough, tough building to playing, especially in playoff time.
It's I don't think it's going to be as easy as I mean, you said six games, so not too easy,
but I think it's going to be a really tough series. And I also think said six games, so not too easy, but I think it's gonna be a really tough series. And I also think six games,
but I think some hell's gonna be put on Winnipeg too,
cause St. Louis is gonna play hard as shit.
Cause they've been fighting for their lives
since Montgomery came over.
And I think they're willing to do it
for another seven games.
They won, St. Louis has won 13 of their last 16 games.
So you're coming in with this vibe.
Nobody believed in you in January.
You end up getting in.
I think it's going to go seven, but I got Winnipeg.
I got that home ice.
The white out there is incredible.
They packed that little street outside the arena.
Looks like complete madness.
Biz often talks about Winnipeg, very underrated for the good looking women, so that's something
that you know is popping into Biz's head as he picks the Jets.
As much as it sucks that that Holloway's out, like snuggle roots come in and look
good. He scored his first goal the other night.
That was a nice goal in front of the net, one of those dirty ones.
But yeah, I just think Winnipeg like dude, Kyle Connor, 90 points this season.
The guy's phenomenal.
You got Shai Flea.
Yeah, Nomestikov.
That's a question, but Perfetti is really good.
That third line biz, I think you've called it the best third line in the NHL in
Winnipeg where they're constantly in your face and Lowry is an amazing captain.
He's got Tanav who they brought over at the deadline with Appleton on the other
side of them.
So I think that it's more about Winnipeg being just waiting and waiting for the
playoffs again after last year, like the disgust, the feeling that they had, and
then the regular season that they put through and had to then be able to finally
be here now, I think it's going to be too much.
And the only way it could happen, which is why I think it's gonna go seven, is Bennington could go complete sicko mode,
you know how psychotic he is,
and just shut the door on Winnipeg.
That could be the absolute worst case scenario
for Jets and the fan base there,
but I think you get it done
and I think you get it done in seven.
So.
X-Factors.
X-Factors.
What do you got for you, X-Factors?
I got Ehlers. He's gotta, if he wants hisuffey, X-Factors. I got Ehlers.
He's gotta, if he wants his payday,
he's gotta play like he wants that payday.
And he can buzz up and down the-
Is he definitely playing?
And he hasn't been good in prior playoffs.
Do they have him on the IR as we speak?
Him and Velardi are both out right now,
and I don't know, G, quick, maybe-
He is week to week with a foot injury ESPN.
Really, he's not even gonna be playing.
And what about Velarde?
Gabe Velarde is day to day, so it's more likely
we'll see him.
Okay, okay.
I think this is gonna be a war though,
like I think they're gonna be killing each other
and I love watching games in Winnipeg for the playoffs.
Final thing on Winnipeg, should've said this earlier, congratulations to Neil Peonk. He signed, I believe, a seven-year
42 million dollar extension. Gee, correct me if I'm wrong, but if you guys remember,
he was traded over... That's a six-year contract with a seven mil AAV.
Okay, so I had the numbers backwards, but dude, he was traded over for Truba.
And people kind of like, oh, Neil Peonk, you know, he had a good start with the Rangers.
Well, Truba's no longer with the Rangers and this guy's signing a 42 million deal.
So Morrissey is their horse, so good, both ends of the ice, but Peonk's been incredible
since he got there. And to see a guy signed for that much dough
42 million bucks Congrats Neil Pionk and Congrats again to Jets fans
President's trophy can you break the curse? Can you bring the Cup back to Canada?
It remains to be seen so the playoffs I mean regular season we had holy shit biz
What a regular season we had. Holy shit, Biz. What a regular season we had. We actually have another signing, Biz.
And this is maybe a little bit of a Chicklets bump,
but your boy, the one-on-one interview,
great interview by you, by the way.
Yeah, Nicky Dowd, two times three.
Whew, good for him.
Good for him.
I was a little confused.
I don't know if you saw the locker room announcement.
Spitting Chicklets out on social media.
Did he chug a beer?
I think he chugged a beer, which was amazing.
Was that before morning skate?
I was like, did they just skate?
But if people didn't see it, so.
It maybe was a Diet Coke, because Ovi drinks Diet Coke.
Maybe that was like a homage to Ovi in that situation.
It kind of looked like a Coors Light,
but it looked like that anyway.
But well deserved, man.
He's worked very hard to perfect his craft, and he's a great bottom six
forward, wins a ton of face-offs, he plays hard, and I was fortunate enough to win a
Calder Cup with him. I don't know if you guys knew that I won a Calder Cup 10 years ago.
Oh, no way. Yeah, Manchester Monarchs. That's sick. Is that LA's team? Yeah, LA, just the monarchs. That's sick. I saw a team. Yeah, LA's farm team I saw Jeff Marrick tweet out or said on his show
Best fourth-line center in the league he called nicked out one of them
That's an amazing compliment and but if for anyone who didn't see the clip
They were going over some video and Spencer Carberry at the end said alright. I got a little announcement
I want to talk about this guy's done so much
for the organization, blah, blah, blah. And he's now going to be able to retire a Washington
Capitol. I was like, I mean, you imagine doubts like, wait a minute, that's, that's it. At
the end of two years I'm done.
I did hear him say that. I'll buy all five. How old's doubter? Yeah. I think it'd be 37
by 28. Yeah. Oh fuck. Yeah. He did say, I think he'd be 37 by the time that... He's 28. Yeah. Oh, fuck.
Yeah, he did say it. That's great.
And I think Ovi spoke up, like talking about maybe this young man and Ovi's like,
me? No, I'm just going to chug a beer in your face. I'm nicked out.
So Biz, I kind of want to ask you, let me list off a bunch of things.
And Keith, I want your opinion as well.
Favorite moment of the year?
You know, like basically going over this regular season, like we had the Four Nations, we had
OV breaking the goal record, we had Utah Hockey Club's first inaugural season, Sam Rosen's
retirement tour for the Rangers, Miko Rontan inontan and traded twice Sydney Crosby breaks the record for most years
20 in a row over a point per game
We had the quickest three-goal comeback in league history when the Canucks played Dallas and came back the quickest
OT goal in league history when Brandon Montour scored in Seattle
Mark Edward Vlasic set the all-time record for block shots
He for sure would set the single season record for hits.
This is my favorite one that Grinelli threw in here.
Alexey Protas set the Belarusian single season points record.
That's a classic one. That, I guess, rivals Ovi's goal record breaking an NHL all-time Wayne Gretzky record.
Nikolai Eler set the Danish points record.
Sergey Bobrovsky becomes the fastest goalie to hit 400 wins.
Rod Brindemore becomes the fastest coach to 300 wins.
And we had the most total goalie goals in a single season
with Nadelkovich, Sorokin, and Gustafsson getting one.
Cool.
Favorite moment of the season, listing up,
I think it's the Belarusian points record.
Yeah, just to end the show on that.
I would say outside of that list you just mentioned,
probably me saying that Ehlers is gonna be
the first round X Factor and he's week to week.
I thought your X Factor was,
I thought your X Factor was will he be in the lineup?
Yeah, his X-ray factor.
Moment that happened, I think it was last night,
they did their fan appreciation and the woman
who tweeted out to Brandon Gallagher that he she had
Purchased the hockey fights cancer Jersey. She was brought on the ice and presented it to Brandon Gallagher
I think most of you know that his mother passed away due to cancer and
When that happened and she found out she sent the tweet out and you know
Luckily the the organization was able to get in touch with her and they brought her down and it was a pretty emotional
moment on the ice for Brandon Gallagher and I'm sure the rest of his family and
and that woman who was being it was able to give him that jersey so I thought
that was a really cool moment but like you listed off there's been so many cool
things and amazing things that happened throughout the course of this year and
last year I said it was the greatest regular season in NHL history.
Like this might've, this might've topped it, or at least it's, it rivals it.
So the league's thriving.
It's been a great 24 months and, and now we get to fucking follow it up with an
unreal slate of playoff series.
And I can't wait for puck drop on Saturday on TNT.
When I think of just greatness and longevity and what they've done for our game,
you know, you think Sidney Crosby and, you know, being a point per game guy for 20 years,
even, you know, when he came in the league, you know, point per game was crazy.
It's, you know, there wasn't a ton of guys doing it.
There was, you know, he's just changed the game on and off the ice.
What he's done for the league, just to been a pure class, uh, model citizen for the game that we all love and
know, and, uh, yeah, I would give it to him overview was one of those things he
kind of knew in the last year or two that it was going to happen at some point.
That's obviously insane to score that many goals, but, uh, I got to give it to Sid.
Yeah.
I think mine is just four nations.
Like not knowing it to Sid. Yeah, I think mine is just four nations, like not knowing what to expect
and then having that be what we got to watch
was just something I'll never forget.
I mean, it was crazy enough where we've seen
like guys out injured since then, multiple guys,
and overall like that just for the middle of the year
when it's usually the All-Star game,
to have that in Montreal and Boston, I'll never forget.
I'll never forget that Saturday night in Montreal, the opening puck drop.
Unfortunately, I will also never forget Connor McDavid breaking Ryder's heart sitting right
next to me with the OT winner, but an incredible, awesome thing that the NHL put together.
So it's just been great and Biz said it best.
We're on to the best time of year, spring and the playoffs.
I guess one thing I did forget to mention
that was a positive for this year
that maybe wasn't the case last year is,
Biz, you didn't get any coaches fired.
So that's a win.
Good job.
Good job there.
Great work.
And we gotta remind everyone,
playoff schedule.
We have Chicklets on Monday.
Probably, we're hoping for around 1130 noon Eastern.
We're going to be recording early in the morning and then Fishy is going to do his
thing, edit that thing up and get it out to you as quick as possible. We got
GameNotes live on Wednesday. Gee, I believe that's 12 Eastern every Wednesday?
Correct. Okay, awesome. And then Friday we're back to you again, right? Right around
hopefully 1130 noon.
We appreciate your support.
We hope we can bring you guys everything that happens
this playoff season with candor and humor.
I don't even know if candor's a word.
I might've just made that up.
Me neither.
Sounds great.
But it's the playoffs.
I think you were thinking of carpenter.
The hair dye's getting to me.
Thank you to Tim Stutzel.
Thank you to Hockey Illuminati.
And thank you to all you guys. You're the best. Let's go Stanley Cup playoffs.
Here we go. Let's go Leafs. Even if I could go away I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to wear
I don't know any other way
Even if I could go away
I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to wear
I'll get you some love
