Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli, Spittin' Chicklets! What is up, folks?
Oh, baby, Biz is happy.
Yans is here and we got playoff hockey.
Five games into the first round after a monster weekend.
Some very crazy moments, some games that maybe were too exciting.
But we're back. It's the best time of the year.
We're here because I'll pink Whitney pink Whitney vodka.
I'm in Florida, guys.
That's pink Whitney land.
You know, the people of Florida, they love guns.
They love Trump and they love pink Whitney.
So we're down here right now. I'm watching hockey.
I got all the channels at this hotel.
It's incredible.
I'm catching up on games and I'm slugging some Pink Whitney yesterday on Easter Sunday.
No less, you know, just get that pink drink down in the mix and praise Jesus.
He has risen and the playoffs are back.
Holy crap, boys biz.
We got to start off with the Leafs here.
I mean, we got we got off with the Leafs here. I mean we got we got some
parade route
Oh no legit he well the way they played yesterday I might fucking start playing it myself
Cool and collected boys. That was a fucking performance and a half
Listen some people bitching about the officiating. I didn't like the call on Stutsel,
but that was the game.
Brutal call.
But Ottawa came unhinged.
Can we not agree on that?
They looked like the virgins we talked about.
They looked like they had a big raging boner
and they didn't know what to do with it.
The Leafs, they've been there.
They've done that.
They went and they've had all the mistakes in the past. What do you mean? What are you looking at me like that for? Yeah, they've been in the playoffs. Yes, you're right. They've been there. They've done that. They've went, they've had all the mistakes in the past. What do you mean?
What are you looking at me like that for?
Yeah, they've been in the playoffs.
Yes, you're right.
They've been in the mix,
and they've learned from their mistakes,
but Chief has them riled up, ready to go,
calm, cool, and collected, great execution on the PP,
goal-tending looked good, the back end looked unbelievable,
and the Leafs get off to a big win in game one.
They needed that.
I didn't want to fucking lose that one and
Have sends army all on me. So I don't know how you guys felt about the game
But I was very very impressed with the Toronto Maple Leafs. I
Was super impressed
I actually feel and we were texting on the group chat with murals and army and everyone that there is a little bit of a
Different vibe this year around the Leafs going into the playoffs.
And I don't know if it's Barube, which I'm guessing it probably is, and him being able to talk to this
team. And I would love to, you know, if you could ever get the inside footage of what he's been
saying to these guys. And you got to think he's talking about all the, not talking about all the
past failures, but talking about like, you know, the press pressure is a privilege type thing.
Like guys, at some point we're going to get over the hump.
And if you're up tight and I feel like every year they are right.
Like there's just so much, not panic around the team, but there's excitement,
there's nerves and there's you've never done this.
You can't get out of the first round when you do, you get smashed by Florida.
And this year it just seems like it worked out so well. They get the
division, right? They end up starting at home. I mean, if you remember last year,
they had to start in Boston. Boston owns them and they got waxed Game 1 and then
all of a sudden you're just chasing the series. Game 1s are crazy important. Gee,
look up the numbers. I think we talk about this every year. You win Game 1,
like the percentages of winning the series is nuts, but it just seems like a different vibe
right now. It's been one game and I'm a Sens guy, but I'm disgusted by Sens fans right now.
Thank you.
Six is Pasha. Thank you. 68 of game one winners, they go on to win the series. That's pretty legit.
But Sens fans, come on. Come on now. You can't be complaining about the refs this much and business right that Colin Stutel was trash. That's a playoff
That's a normal playoff hit on tan of they end up scoring now
Here's the thing the Leafs power play since they've gone to five forwards
They're they're incredible. They're lethal and and I think every power play goal
They had it was within like six seconds of getting
the power play that they scored.
So it's also they're going against Mike Yo's power PK like, okay, and I can score and I
make them make a figure something out.
Okay.
I think right now since fans, let me say message, and I wrote a guy back on Twitter.
He was one of those honorable fans, you know?
One of those fans that said, I didn't love the referee in, but what do we got to do to
win game two?
I'm not going to sit there and blame the refs.
I said, you need to stay out of the penalty box and you need to keep your composure because
the Ridley-Gregg cross-check so stupid and
since fans, I didn't like some of the calls, that hit that Gaudette put on Matthews, that
is a penalty.
Okay, you're pushing them in the back.
I don't think Matthews, Matthews doped.
The big thing I'm seeing right now is everyone's just writing, what if this was Stutzel?
What if this was Stutzel?
What if this was Stutzel?
As in, these are all dives.
Okay. The other thing I said was you need Allmark to be a lot better. What if this was Stutel? What if this was Stutel? As in, these are all dives, okay?
The other thing I said was you need Allmark to be a lot better. That is Allmark's 10th playoff game.
In six of them biz, he's given up four more goals.
I fucking try to tell you guys this last podcast you told me I had three heads on.
Like I literally tried to say look at Allmark's playoff numbers, and that's why I was more confident in stole ours and
Listen the fact that the Leafs get out of that game where nobody's questioning goal tending the back end
Not only look good
But strong and boxing out the fucking Ottawa Senators even Brady Kachuk couldn't get to the blue paint
Then not only that you get two goals from your back end
Nobody nobody is questioning the core for nine points between the core for nice ends up scoring a goal
So he carries off that momentum to the regular season into playoffs great net front goal
That's exactly where we're gonna need them all playoff long and you know, what was even more impressive the bottom six
I thought Robertson was effective, I thought McMahon was effective,
I loved our bottom six.
From an overall standpoint,
it was an unreal 60 minute effort from the crew.
Mind you, early on, I felt like Stolarz
was bobbling pucks early.
Like not.
Bad goal, bad goal early on the rebound.
Right, so he was bobbling a couple early,
I'm like, ah, okay, he got the nerves out.
You know, there was about, I think he had about eight or nine shots. So I'm like, okay, they got
the shots. So at least he'll be calmed down because he's got the saves. He hasn't let in a goal yet.
And then that one, the goal comes, the first one, brutal. So I'm fucking like, oh God, here we go.
We're going to be having a goalie controversy after the first game. But after that, he settled
in nicely. on on Twitter last
night I wasn't gonna do a video I was a little upset with the way that Ottawa
came out and how dirty they were and how they were trying to make Toronto piss
blood with all those fucking cross checks but I tell you what the the box
outs and the way that they were able to allow Stollars to see those shots coming
in I was so, so impressed.
And Morgan Riley, for him to score that goal
and get his confidence going early, that is so fucking big.
That was maybe my one question mark.
Riley's been good in the playoffs in the past.
Like he's found ways to score and chip in offensively.
The biggest thing is getting his shots through.
Doesn't need to be the big windup, not the big bombs.
He's just zipping them through and I know he got a little bit of luck on that one, but
such a big confidence boost there. So overall, like I have no complaints. I thought to a
man they were unreal. Clearly they were going against an unexperienced group who had all
this built up fucking, you know, rage and emotion ready to come out and bust their nut.
Ottawa was brutal.
I expect a completely different team in game two,
way more disciplined.
But if you're an Ottawa fan
and you're blaming the referees on this one,
you're an absolute fucking clown.
You're a delusional idiot,
just like that girl who made that silly rap with Kachuk,
just like that other guy who caught, who did they copy, that guy, that song that girl who made that silly rap with Kachuk, just like that other guy
who caught, who did they copy that guy, that song that he did?
Was it Sum 41 or something?
That was outside the arena too.
Does the arena, does the Sens know that that happened?
They funded it.
Ann Lauer funded that fucking thing.
Yeah.
Keith.
Yeah.
Keith.
That's their resident band at the Cannada Renter.
Stop making up lies, man. We don't need lies this band at the Canada Ramp. Stop making up lies, Vince.
We don't need lies, Vince, early in the playoffs.
What do you mean, making up lies?
They've funded that fucking horrible, horrible knockoff
of a song.
I can't listen to it.
I can't listen to it.
If you want to hear it, go check out our social media,
mainly Witt's, because Witt, you were all about Ottawa.
And then even after seeing this drop,
you changed your opinion, right?
Keith texted immediately,
Leafs in three, after he saw it.
I said, this might make me root for the Leafs
in this series, and I respect this, you know,
mom and pop garage band trying to get out there
for their favorite team, but you gotta like,
do the video, listen to the song, watch it,
and say, we can't release this,
or else our team has no chance.
Keith, did you hear Biz just say that he was going to release a video?
He didn't. But then he ended up releasing a video and I had mentioned on Twitter,
oh, you're not releasing it because you smoked your postgame celebratory.
Well, it's more 20 yesterday.
Monster join on the 20 and your eyes are so bloodshot.
And somebody asked me, can you draw a picture of that?
I think it was Kim Jong Betman on Twitter, who I've seen respond all the time. And I said, sure.
So did you see my picture? I drew this quick.
Wow. Look at the nose. Identical. I did the nose four times.
That's pretty good. I don't know when I got a chin strap.
I leave Twitter and somebody said, is Biz a Muslim?
So I guess that was just the
outline of your face. You can be. You can be. I'm a chameleon. I can adapt to my
environment. I mean it is Toronto right? There's a lot of ethnicities there so
I'll take a little bit of every one and we'll go on and march to the Stanley Cup.
Stolarz, that was my third thing to the Sense fan. I wrote back you got to just
hope that this guy isn't that good. Now he's's six six. OK, so he's and Murals was saying he's very like cool and calm in the crease.
I think this year the Leafs were they they top three and save percentage as a team.
So like they kind of have some goaltending.
I don't want to admit this.
And maybe this all blows up at Toronto's face, which would be glorious.
But he made the he made the breakaway
save on Kachuk and he made an
enormous save on Pinto.
I think it was 2-0 or maybe 2-1.
He made a save on Pinto in the slot that was sick.
Nobody was around him.
So if he could continue that, I mean, we're looking at a dangerous...
Keith texted me on the side one-on-one.
He said, wait, I think they're legit.
I think the Leafs are legit. And I said, what would you pay to have them lose in
overtime of game seven of the Eastern Conference Finals or the Stanley Cup? He said 678,000.
He had an exact number. OK, that's very nice.
Exact number.
Yeah, he's diabolical. But from watching the game, though, were you not heavily He had an exact number. Okay. That's very nice. Exactly.
Diabolical.
But from watching the game though, were you not heavily impressed with the way that they
handled all of Ottawa's pressure, especially net front?
Like it feels like they didn't get that many opportunities.
The second goal they scored.
Yeah.
It was a Ridley Gregg who ended up getting loose.
But other than that, I feel like they boxed up,
they tied up well.
Like in the past to me,
that's been one of their main issues.
So, credit Stolarz, right?
He does a great job, like you said,
using his frame and looking through screens.
So he does a really good job of like finding everything
regardless of the amount of traffic.
But for the most part,
I thought the Leafs did a heck of a job
near that blue paint and
in Ottawa can cause problems there.
And looking to Ottawa, if I had to critique, and that'd probably be one of my biggest things
if they look, if they want to look to score more goals, they got to get more inside.
Like that's, that's where you score come playoff time.
That's where you get the job done and obviously stay in discipline.
No doubt the discipline.
I was reading something talking about how like the under the hood, the posh numbers of the Leafs were a little worse this year than last year.
But it's like Tree Living's kind of built a team to be successful in the
playoffs, like almost like the big D, the strong D and then Scott Lawton.
Okay.
I was.
Fuck.
Yeah. It. Fuck.
He was awesome.
Explain to me, playing with him, how well you know him,
like not brought in for the regular season.
It's starting now why that guy's here.
Which he wasn't that great when he got over there.
I think some Leafs fans were starting to bark.
He's not fitting in great.
I don't know if he knows the systems, you know, starting to be hyperbolic about it,
but they got them for playoff time and boy did he show up in game one.
And I told you guys, I think everyone knows what he can do on your third, fourth line.
That play he made to O'Yell was, I mean, that's a first second line play.
Unreal patients, finding the open guy.
What a goal by Oiel.
I thought he was their best D last night.
Love seeing Morgan Riley do well, too.
But I thought Oiel was great last night.
But Lottie's just that guy.
He's going to put his face in front of Pox if he needs to.
He's going to make plays when he has to.
And like you guys said, he's not brought in there for, you know,
game 67 he's there for game one of playoffs, ready to rip, ready to roll.
Cause he's from that town. He knows what it takes.
He knows how long it's been.
He wants to win for that city more than I would imagine anyone in the world.
Besides, besides Biz and Squanto, he wants it more than anyone.
Right.
And I think he's just getting settled in. Like it's, I think anytime you come over in a trade, especially when you're, you know,
going to a big market where, you know, there's a lot of pressure on you, it's, it's going
to take some time, right?
Like you can't just fly under the radar there.
And do I think he struggled maybe a little bit, but what else do you need from him?
Biz, like he's playing like that.
If he plays like that, the rest of the playoffs, it's, you know,
you sign them for however much money he wants for however long he wants.
And and automatically him making that play, I just feel like it's switches.
It flips the switch for the sake of the fans.
It's like Morgan Reilly.
Same with the core four. Same with Stollers.
Like the last thing you want to leave in that game was fucking headlines questioning any
part of what they have going on.
And that's not the case.
My, my, the, the, the thing I actually like most about the fact that Ottawa was trying
to rile it up is that's going to piss the Leafs off rather than just blowing the game
out six two and then there's no emotion.
And then they're feeling high and mighty about themselves going into game two.
I don't think that they're going to be like that based on Chief and the mental toughness
that they've gained throughout the season and obviously what he's instilled in them.
But I expect another good follow-up effort at home in game two.
I expect a win and I expect the Toronto Maple Leafs to go up on the road up to nothing in this series.
All systems go, no question marks. Everybody's got their confidence and they will maintain that moving forward.
So that's all I got to say about game one.
Was Brady not maybe playing as much towards the end of the game? Is he still banged up?
I was worried about that for them coming in. Everybody said, oh he's gonna be chasing all the Leafs demon out of the building,
they're gonna be scared of him and like no that wasn't gonna happen regardless
if he was a hundred percent. We're battle-tested for that bullshit but if
he ain't a hundred percent guys their fearless leader can't bring him anywhere.
I think a lot of guys aren't a hundred percent at this point in the season. It
was also his first game in quite a while.
I mean, he hammered Riley early in the game on the four track.
Enormous hit there.
But yeah, overall, he probably knows he needs to do a little bit more.
Also, like they had Matt Highmore in instead of Nick Cousins.
I was kind of surprised by that on the fourth line with Gaudet and Zetterlund.
I think you got to get Cousins back in personally. And also, like even Highmore, I felt bad for him.
But that Riley goal, he sticks his arm out like, you know, that's effort
doing whatever you can to block a shot.
It hits his glove and goes in like, I guess like a goal is like, dude,
just don't stick your hand out.
Like, I got that one. I get it being a, you know, especially a fourth line forward.
This guy is like doing whatever he can. Brutal bounce for him.
So I wonder if Nick Cousins comes back in, but yeah, I,
I will say biz like you be disgusted at,
at the dirtiness at the end of the game. It's like, buddy,
like if that was the Leafs doing that down six to you, you'd be loving it.
So that's no, I wouldn't. Yes, you would.
It would be telling me that they're unhinged man and they're telling you they know game ones over and they're like, I'm going to at least going to try to fucking
hurt someone rough them up going into game two. That's like what you do in the playoffs
when the game's over. Don't do it when the game's closed with these stupid penalties
and listen, listen, if you're in your net front and they're poking at your goalie and then all of a sudden the scrum starts, yeah, okay.
But middle of the ice where you're nowhere near it
and you're just trying to rile it up
because game one's over,
that's just, in my opinion, classless.
I don't want my, I wouldn't, no, what do you mean?
I wouldn't want my fucking players doing that.
That tells me my team's unhinged
and they're unfocused at the task at hand.
Worry about fucking putting the puck in the back of the net.
Don't get engaged with that bullshit, man.
I'll always go back to it.
Bobby Hulik said, don't be wasting energy on these earlier rounds.
Get the job done.
Focus on what you got to do.
Get this thing over in five or four games.
Move the fuck on and save your energy for the Battle of Florida.
That's it.
Is there anything Ottawa can do to come back?
I wish we could make our picks after the first game
because then you really see how the teams look.
But do you think there's anything Ottawa
or they're just outclassed here?
Their only chance is if Almark plays incredible.
And based on his prior playoff history,
got a show at Opiz, also got a show also gonna show dope is it's 520 in the morning
Right now biz and you're buzzing good for you. That's playoff hockey. That's a leaf action right there, baby. No excuses
I'm going David Goggins mode for this run
It's a 4 a.m. Wake up prepare a little bit and come out guns ablaze and coming at the sends
They need all mark to be amazing and they can't take penalties. You got five stud forwards on the power play from the Maple Leafs every time.
Nylander was great.
So, yeah, that kind of wraps up game one.
We'll see what happens game two.
And I thought a crowd pretty good for an Easter Sunday,
maybe a bunch of the the rich yacht club fans that are always quiet
sitting on their hands.
Maybe they were at home for Easter dinner and they gave their tickets away
to those blue collar lunatics from Sudbury.
Oh, no, that's not even near Toronto from pretty close.
Ajax is that Ajax pickering.
Yeah, yeah, that's great.
When I'm glad you brought that up, man, I thought that they were great.
I thought they brought great energy.
They had the Brady Sucks.
Did it was a Brady Sucks that the chance they had going in the lower bowl. So
great to see them bring the energy. And I would say that most, most sense fans were a little bit,
I guess they were a little disgusted with Shabbat and Jensen's performance. Those are the two D
they'd like to see pick things up aside from obviously all Mark mixing in a few saves. I
don't know if he forgot his, his glove hand in Ottawa before the trip
But he's definitely gonna need that for game two
So all systems going to you I try to tell everybody everybody laughed me offstage
But you guys look like the morons now and we're off to greener pastures
All right, Keith. We'll see if anything can be done for Ottawa. Let's get it
Let's get a tight series heading back to the your nation's capital.
You know what they're going to need? They're going to need a fucking time machine.
They're going to have to bring back Spezza, Danny Heatley, Alfredson.
They're going to. You know who I think of when I think of playoff like
the teams that I played in Ottawa, in Pittsburgh, that one.
Don't say Chris Neal. No. Yeah, him.
But the guy I think of like playoff hockey Ottawa senators,
that Mike Fisher was a dog. Yeah, he was.
I remember trying to move him in front once.
I'm like, what the fuck?
This guy's a brick shithouse. What a player.
Carrie Underwood. Good for him.
He's off the greener pastures. Yeah, you think.
Scrooge McDuck. they probably got their own vault.
All right. So sticking, sticking.
Swimming in money now.
Sticking with the the Sunday games, the Easter Sunday games,
we're going to go out west for the last game of the day.
That was Vegas, Minnesota.
Now, Biz and Keith,
Vegas is just they're a well-oiled machine.
I saw your boy Hank Lundquist ranked Aiden Hill as his second best goalie in the Western
Conference playoffs.
Kind of surprising to see him in front of Autinger, but I get it.
Minnesota's in one here.
I thought it was a good game, exciting game.
At the same time, it's like Vegas is depth, man.
And I'll just leave you with this, but it's Brett Howden. He had two goals. Next year,
not even this year, next year, he makes 2.5 on a five-year extension. 2.5 for the next
five years after this, he had 20 goals this season. And he gets two, including one of
the best goal line covers of all time
They had to review it
It was point one seconds when it crossed the goal line from the other end with the empty net
So whoever had Vegas minus one and a half was laughing
But I thought that the Golden Knights were humming biz
I saw about half of this game because I had to go eat some food
It was a tough travel day for me yesterday
But you know we had Iel on the broadcast last week
and we were doing awards night.
We gave our NHL Mr. TNT award to Alexander Ovechkin.
And I asked him, I said,
who would be your guys team MVP other than yourself?
And he said, man, we could just get it done by committee.
But he named a few guys and Howden was one of them.
Career year offensivelyly just a workhorse
They are so good about locking these guys into these fair deals like you look at barbachev
Like he's making good money for the next years to come
He's a fucking cigarette machine out there hitting guys scoring goals making plays
So they just have such a good supporting cast aside from their big guys
Down the middle like Dora Fiaf score
a fee if he gets another one like this fucking guy won't stop scoring man. You want to talk
about Bargoons I think he makes one point eight five he made it this year he had 35
tucks he makes it again next year too. So it was obviously a great game. The one thing
that stuck out from the Minnesota side was that Kaprizov pass over to Boldy.
That was a fucking, that was a dart. There was no space there. I do not know how he got that
thing through and it was a laser. So I really think that Minnesota's in over their head.
Like you said, how did you guys feel that Ziv Buyan was in his first game?
I think it was really impressive that they had him out there, right?
The last like 90 seconds when they're down a goal trying to tie it up.
Now unfortunately, Kahnabel welcomed to the NHL moment and he talked about it after.
He looks to slide that pass over and William Carlson kind of baited him into it, right?
He just like, you know, that's like the difference, like that split second or two from college hockey, not just to the NHL, but the NHL playoffs, it's an enormous difference. But in any
other time, he's sliding that thing over easy. And all of a sudden, boom, it's picked off. Boldy has
to take up, I think it was Boldy had to take a penalty, right? And the game's kind of over once
Howden ends it. So I mean, he only played around 13 minutes. The problem with Minnesota, it's it's depth everywhere, right?
Like Faber's playing 27 minutes like they don't.
And I think Bogosian only played around 12 minutes.
So they got 4D playing the entire game.
They have one line that can score.
But I think Zeev Bouiem just being out there, the confidence like he's going to
get better as the series goes. Faber joined in the playoffs.
He mentioned after or before the game, like you just got to not worry about making mistakes
You're gonna make mistakes, but Boo-Yum will end up being good
It's just the depth of Minnesota and the Kapri soft pass biz
It was all because he faked a slap shot when you see that I think Hartman threw it over to him
I believe he fakes the slap shot as the pucks coming. So then, I don't know if it was Hanifin or whoever,
or Theodore, he kind of like goes at him
like to block the shot.
The goalie, Aiden Hill, had gotten over
and in that same instant he's gonna shoot it,
he just fires it cross-eyed through the seam
and then Boldy made a great shot.
So it's just Erickson Eck, Boldy, and Kaprizov,
and then after that, like who's gonna score for Mitty?
No, it drops off big time. And time and you I mean you mentioned the depth that like Nicholas
Waa he's still there like there's center ice is a joke yeah like when you got
Eichel, Hurdle, William Carlson and then Nicholas Waa who's been there done that
and they still got Kolostar on the right side like it's fucking that fourth line
is unbelievable they just come at you in waves. And like you said, the depth is really going to pay off in this
series and down this stretch.
And not to mention the Redwoods is as Anson calls the guys.
I think it's more their D biz.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Their D are so impressive.
Like you were talking about them the other day, like they're big,
they're long, they're mean, no one's getting to the net and they can
break the pucks out like Noah Hanifin is a one man breakout. net and they can break the pucks out. Like Noah Hanifin is a one man break out.
Then you got Petro breaking pucks out.
The quicker you can get out of your zone, especially in playoff, quicker you can get
out of your zone and at least get it to half ice, you are laughing.
And when you have guys that can do that, just go back.
You know where it's going.
They're predictable without being predictable, I guess, but they just know where everything's
going. You can see it on TV. They just go back back, you know, it's getting either rimmed, eaten
in the corner, make a little bump past the low and slow send. They are just, like you
said, like a well oiled machine right now. And they are scary.
Yeah. And Keith, that Hanifin made that pass up the middle to Nicholas Wah. It was sick.
Like it looks like the lane's taken away, the boards is covered, and he finds this little angle to get it to Waugh, who then has Bogosian
come over to him, slides it under his triangle over to Howden, and boom. It's like the way
that they moved the puck up ice. I think that Wild fans were kind of disgusted. I think
there was a hag cross check that wasn't called.
They were bitching about the official.
A lot of bitching about the officials
from losing teams in the first couple days.
And I've been a guy who's bitched about the officials
in the playoffs with the Oilers, right?
And part of it was because every year, their power play,
they're going to score.
So it's like every time you don't give them a call.
So I get it.
But I just did not see a game where the officials completely
cost the team a game in these first five.
So I understand being upset.
I also understand Minnesota fans haven't gotten out
of the first round in 10 years.
Thank god they got Erick Sinek and Kaprizov back.
They might have had to call this thing.
If they didn't have those two, it's like, all right,
we'll just give Vegas the bye.
It's not fair.
So I don't know how that series is going to go.
Like, I'd be shocked if it gets to six games.
I think Mini maybe gets one at home.
But based on last night, based on Vegas' D,
Eichel just doing his thing, it's crazy.
It's crazy the team they have, and they got a perfect
first round matchup for them.
No offense, Wildfans, but it's a warm-up series that Theodore
Passover on the power play to
Dorofiev was nice to a like right in his wheelhouse. You see the deception you think he's gonna shoot it
Nice little slide over they got some they got some mojo right now boys and they're gonna be a tough out
Theodore comes to the middle great. He's got the fake shot
similar to the Kaprizov play, but he's in the middle of the ice. Then he slides it over to
Dorofeev though. Like should Gustafson, I mean, he wasn't even in the net. Yeah. It looked like he
kind of lost an edge or yeah. I felt like there was a lot of net to shoot at. Like it was a very
impressive play. Maybe Theodore got him that much hook, line, and sinker,
thinking he was going to pound it through.
But yeah, when he slid that over,
it looked like he had the whole half a net to shoot at.
So he doesn't miss those 35 bingos on the season.
And yeah, I hope Minnesota can at least push it to six,
get these young guys some experience and some minutes
come playoff time.
But I don't have much else, boys,
because I only
saw about half of that game because it was a tough travel day for me. Over to
Houston's? I went to Houston's I had to go eat. Did you? Yes. Wow. Well you look at me like that.
It's just funny I don't know I just like picture. Well I had to take a 8 a.m.
flight and then I got I get back here at 10 a.m. and then I you know gets get my
laundry done gets get unpacked, get my laundry done,
get unpacked and all my shit done, all the boxes by the front door.
Got to unload those fuckers.
And then I had to watch the first game, the drumming that Pasha's
devils took.
Last thing on this Vegas game, Keith, kind of shocking considering
how big they are, their D.
There it was the third season in a row that they were the most,
the least penalized team in the league.
So like, you're not even going to get that many power play chances against them.
And that's just kind of a testament to how well they all skate data.
You know, they don't need to take a ton of hooking, tripping penalties.
They're always in position. So good luck, Mini.
I'd love to see a series here, but I think you're kind of in one
go forward game two I don't think so no maybe if they lose game two just game
three at home yeah I would I would even say wait till game four wait for the
sweep last game if you're down three nothing, throw him in.
Like I just think you're, like Gustafsson's obviously
the guy, you're throwing in the towel and you got it,
you have to give him this experience.
Like he's your goalie of the future, right?
He needs to understand what it's gonna take
to get to that next level.
If you're just gonna pull him and take his confidence away
in order to give Flower like a send off, I don't know.
I just think you wait to game four
before the sweep.
Yeah, I like that.
Last game of Sunday, the first game,
and I said to you guys earlier in the day, like,
you know who the redheaded stepchild series is for the NHL?
Whoever got the three o'clock Easter Sunday game.
And with that, we're going to bring on a man who's down in the dumps.
And and I feel bad.
We're not even going to roll the disclaimer because this man is he's
kind of levelheaded these days.
He's changed his ways.
I think it's maybe getting a girlfriend and he knows that
he's a little bit over match.
So we're going to bring Pasha in right now.
Five, five, 20 a.m. for Pasha right now. Great
job Pasha. We love you. It doesn't matter. I didn't sleep a wink last night. Oh yeah. So Pasha,
Pasha, let's just, let's kind of throw it to you quick. Now my takeaway from the game was
kind of a way to describe the devil's season in one play is two injuries, one caused by Markstrom slashing his own player and trying
to get Svechnikov.
Glass goes out, Dylan goes out, Hughes is out, he comes back.
What were your takeaways buddy?
I mean I was watching that shift, I just, I could not believe my eyes.
I'm like, what is going on here?
I was in shock.
Worst possible start to the series.
I mean, credit to you, Witt, you called in our season preview.
You said after the first period of game one, the shots might be 20 to 3, and I think they were like 19 to 4 or something.
So, it wasn't all that unexpected. It was just kind of like the injuries were kind of the cherry on top in some sort of twisted way.
Like, hopefully Luke's okay it was just like I
don't even know what happened kind of a weird play he came back so I think knock
on wood he'll be fine apparently those guys need to hit the gym this summer I
think they need to get on some creatine you know they gotta get the protein
powder and they got to start chucking weights and gain some muscle that's
that's just what needs to happen yeah Yeah, I mean, we'll see.
We'll see if he's actually hurt, but...
What do you mean?
Why don't you fucking acknowledge the comment?
But Biz, they spend every summer doing rehab, it seems.
That's really hard to end up gaining muscle
when you're coming back from...
Masha, you should be sticking needles in their ass.
Get their fucking muscle mass up.
Make yourself useful.
And, uh, um, I don't know if you guys saw this one, you know, that meme
and the lady, she's obviously working at like a fast food place and she probably
just put in a 12 hour shift and she's exhausted.
This was Mark's room after two periods.
Yeah.
No kidding.
I mean, memes put that memes put Markstrom's helmet and blocker on her.
Oh no.
I think if there's if there's one positive to take out of the series, it's that Markstrom
looks dialed besides that weird play where he literally slash glass and like the nuts
or whatever.
I don't know what that was.
Like when I watched the replay, I was like, oh, he just got him in the nuts.
Like he'll be fine.
But now it sounds like it might be like legit injury.
I don't really understand how that came about, but yeah, one positive is
Markstrom was dialed.
I don't really blame them for any of the goals and it could have been a lot worse.
So if I'm trying to look for a silver lining, it's that, but yeah, they just generated nothing.
I think like in the third, they were better.
So like, again, if I'm looking for positives is they did sort of tilt the ice in the third a little bit, but first two periods they just looked overwhelmed.
They just like completely smothered.
I think they almost like I think the game plan was just like, hey, if there's pressure and there's not a play just flip it out, which I think is the save play.
But they almost like were over relying on that and like didn't look for a passage.
Gotta make plays man.
It's a team that's used to playing with the Pocs.
Yeah, right.
plays man. It's a team that's used to playing with the Pucks. They're one of the best rush teams in the league, but when Carolina's breathing down your neck, man, they come hard. Posh,
I'll ask you this though. It seems like since the Jack Hughes injury, like they kind of
like, I don't want to say they've given up, but it just like has deflated the group. That
would be the biggest like cause for concern for me is like, who else do you have in that
locker room?
Who's like, yeah, we've lost our best player, but we're not going to
fucking stop fighting here.
Like even towards the end of the year, they're just, they seem like a little
too vanilla, there's no, there's no more fight left.
It feels like they're waving the white flag.
Yes and no.
I mean, I think they won four or five after he got hurt and they did show
some real, some sort of life and some character there, but
Yeah, they they did putter into playoffs like they you know, they kind of just win-loss win-loss win-loss
I thought they did okay like a decent job of keeping their head above water after he went down
But
Yeah, I mean I liked what I saw from Timo Meyer. I think he was engaged physically
He had a dumb penalty
But he was running around kind of playing the villain role,
throwing the body, just throwing the puck on that from every angle.
So he's continued what's been a really good month, month and a half of hockey.
I think besides the turnover that led to the second goal, which was very unheasher-like.
I was going to bring that up.
It was soft play behind the net kind of.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Very unheasher-like. I thought he had a great game.
Obviously he had a snipe made up for the turnover.
But other than Heesher and Meyer,
not a lot to like. I thought Mercer looked terrible.
Really bad delayed game penalty that cost them the third goal, I believe.
And yeah, if Glass is hurt, like that the bottom six was already completely
irrelevant. Glass was a nice little boost for that at the deadline.
But, um, yeah, this is enough.
I think that's enough on the devils. I know.
Like, cause like, I, I, it's not even so much what they're doing.
It's what Carolina is boys. Like Carolina's an NBA first round series.
Biss, you know, it's the one, it's the one that seems like the one eight NBA series
It's like I just go to game four and show the handshakes and then see you later
Yeah
We knew exactly what Carolina was coming to this one and it was a it was a patent win for them
Greasy point shot on the first goal. That's what I love about them too
Is like when they get the pucks up to the point they don't dust them off
They got the traffic there and they just throw it to the mixer
as Murls calls it. Like you saw them win that draw where Chatfield just throws it. If you
watch the behind the net angle, there's like six bodies going by Markstrom. So listen,
blame him all you want. If you're a fan of the devils and you're like, Oh, he's got to
find that he's, you know, he's big enough. You can't see anything. If you, a fan of the devils and you're like, oh, he's got to find that he's, you know, he's big enough. No, you can't blame it for that.
You can't see anything.
If you had his, his, his eyesight in that you'd see five different bodies and then a
knuckler coming from the point, like what three, four seconds after they won the draw.
When I was playing, um, I think it was maybe when we were on Ontario, or I forget where it was, but we had a rule on our team
where when you want to draw, within five seconds
we wanted the puck going at the net.
Even if it missed the net, just getting it going towards it
because it gets the other team scrambling.
And I think that Carolina just does an unreal job of that
amongst their four check, where that's to me
their bread and butter. Um,
like whether they're coming in for the big hit and they're going to put you through the
end wall and or they're just being a past like they did on the he sure play. Like that's
just Martin hook man, staying on it and poking that puck off this stick. Like he didn't need
the big hit there. So he just gets a stick on it, pokes it right out front. It goes to
stay in Colvin and it's in the back of the net and holy shit man Carolina fans are in my mentions non-stop about this guy.
Good.
Listen do I think Rottenen's the better player?
Absolutely I get that he's off to a hotter start.
Stankhoven in the playoffs just ease up on me guys.
I said you guys are going to the Eastern Conference finals that's when you're going to get spanked
by my Leafs.
I think it was a great move for you guys.
He looks incredible, and he has two goals
in his first fucking playoff game for you.
You've always been complimentary of Stankhoven,
especially going over there saying he's a better fit there
than even Rantanen was.
He shits on the Canes all the time.
Thank you, Keith.
Thank you, Keith.
The voice of reason over there.
That's why we brought you on board.
I feel like there's some Dallas fans, and we'll get to that in a minute.
After the Stankhoven interview, Dallas fans, there's like in fighting going on
where a bunch of them are bringing up every time Stankhoven does something good
and like what Ron and is not doing.
And then the other base of the Dallas fans like stop bringing him up every time.
He's not here yet.
So obviously Stankhoven only had five goals.
Well, I shouldn't say only had five goals in 19 games
in the regular season with Carolina, and he gets two in that first game.
The second one was a complete snipe, too.
I think Halsey gave him a sick pass.
Halsey looked really good. Yeah, really good.
Halsey was a sneaky, sneaky, awesome addition there.
And it's like on the broadcast, I think it was Ferraro talking about,
you know, we've mentioned like,
Rontan and maybe not fitting in.
He didn't want to be there,
but the way Carolina plays, not his style.
Halsey it is, right?
Like, Halsey's like up and down the wing.
He can skate, he's in the mix all the time,
and that's just what they do.
And then, Slavin was his typical self.
That guy is incredible.
And Carolina fans, we saw an awesome video of Rod Brindam or meeting Alexander
Nikitian in the locker room it was just so funny like I don't think Nikitian
knows maybe more than six words of English and he's but he knows hockey
you know hockey he knows hockey can we roll can we roll the audio of it it's a
pretty cool back and forth exchange.
All right, here we go.
We're happy to have you.
You are ready.
You are ready.
No, we're ready for you.
You know a little bit of English.
Yeah, it's OK.
It's OK.
It'll come.
It'll come.
And don't worry about that.
You know what you know?
You know hockey.
I know hockey.
That's right.
That's what we speak out there. You're going to be good.
Thank you.
Welcome.
Happy to have you.
Thanks.
It's going to be awesome.
I mean, that is awesome.
I think a bunch of the comments were like, that's why guys love playing for Brendan
Moore.
It's like, well, I mean, the guy just met him and he's just, but the way he's just eye
contact like Alfie, he's so jacked.
Also shout out Rod Brendan Mooreamore's son, I think
it is it Skyler? He scored his first NHL goal the last game of the year. Playing for your dad,
forget like the excitement of the kid. I can't imagine Rod Brindamore who you know he's not
going to show it but how proud is he inside like this kid's in the NHL right now I'm coaching him
he just gets a goal. Awesome story that obviously he's not in the lineup for first game of the playoffs.
As everyone, Cocton Yemi came back,
they had a bunch of guys ready to go.
Keith, any other thoughts on Carolina?
Like what makes them that good?
I don't know if that, it was a done of a game one.
At one point I think the shots were 23 to four.
Well I finished 45, 24 in shots.
They're out shooting every team two to one most of the time. Plus a really tough building to 24 in shots. That's, they're out shooting every team two to one
most of the time.
Plus a really tough building to play in too.
I know it gets talked about for guys that played,
but like that is a building you do not want to play in,
especially playoff time.
So shout out to their crowd for bringing it last night.
But I think that those point shots,
I don't remember Carolina doing it as much in the past.
I feel like since Brent Burns' came over over that point shot, if it gets passed
up to the point and you are just firing it on that, like the chat field goal,
but it makes such a difference, especially when you have guys like they do on
Carolina that are willing to go to the net, willing to pay the price.
If you can just get pucks there into the mixer and it'll just cause chaos.
And then they, they're a team that it looks like they enjoy controlled chaos.
Like they just want to be out there running around hitting guys.
Uh, it's probably the best matchup they could have got first round
besides maybe Toronto realistically.
I mean, Toronto, I think is going to get maybe a little more bumps and bruises, but this
series is, I mean, it's obviously far from over, but it's over.
It's over.
I think, I think for all the doom and gloom though, I'm a big believer in you're not in
trouble till you lose at home.
If they somehow sneak out of winning game two, they're, you know, I want to take in that
disclaimer and get this.
Pasha, Pasha, they got waxed by the Rangers
in the first two games two years ago.
They had Jack Hughes.
It's a way different team.
But they came back to winning seven.
You never, never know, except for this year
when it's Carolina, New Jersey, and this thing's done.
So Pasha, we appreciate you.
And with that, I think we can,
we could throw it over to Logan Stankoven right now.
We had him on, I want to say, 10 days ago, maybe two weeks ago.
What a humble kid, eh?
Just a quiet, humble kid.
Yeah, very quiet.
Shows up to work and fucking puts goals in the back of the net.
That's what he does, man.
Just loves hockey, right?
He's about five foot nothing, a hundred and nothing, but his heart's an absolute monster.
He's the pride and joy of Kamloops BC.
Yep, and he got to play there in junior.
So we go into that with him.
Carolina Hurricanes fans, if you haven't heard much
from Logan Stankovic, you can hear it now.
Guys, what is up?
We gotta talk about Noble.
Noble is a footwear brand for training and for daily life.
It's built to support you in your pursuit of physical, mental, and emotional strength.
What do you think of when you think of physical, mental, and emotional strength?
I think of Biz.
Biz, on his hikes, on his workouts, on his diet, on his wellness.
This guy's the pickiest human in the world about shoes, and he rocks Noble nonstop.
Now, they're comfy, you can go hiking in them, Biz,
you can work out in them like Biz,
you can wear them anywhere, they look good,
they feel good, and Noble celebrates
a no-bullshit approach to wellness.
With options across training and lifestyle,
Noble has options for everyone.
I'm telling you, the white ones I have, even I could run in them.
Even I could run in them and I got no ankles, I got no knees, I got bad hips, but No Bull,
that No Bull shit approach, that's what keeps me ripping in these, the SC runners.
Exclusively for spitting Chicklets listeners, No Bull is offering 30 off your order. Visit www.nobullproject.com slash chicklets for 30 off your entire order.
That's www.nobullproject.com slash chicklets for 30 off.
Guys, it's Witt and Spring is here. The playoffs are here and so is
Robac. Fresh off some new releases, we are living in Robac. If Biz is doing a
workout, he's wearing the Robac All Active Shorts. Simple as that. There's not
a better workout short on the market. Lined or unlined, these shorts are so
good, lightweight, easy to move in,
perfect length. The ideal workout short. Second, the rollback sprint joggers and
the Hesse hoodies are so damn comfortable. You put them on, you just feel like magic.
You feel amazing. And they're the softest, buttery material, yet still perfect for
everyday wear. We live in this combo when we travel or simply just want to be comfortable on the couch watching playoff hockey.
Finally, it's getting to be polo season, it's getting to be golf season, and the Rollback Polo is our favorite polo.
We don't often wear polos.
I play a lot of golf, or I used to at least, but when I do, it's a Rollback Polo. Be on the lookout for some fun new designs as well.
Use the code CHICKLITS on Rollback.com for a generous 20 off your first purchase through the end of the week. That's
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S on
R-H-O-B-A-C-K dot com.
R-H-O-B-A-C-K dot com. 20 off all shorts, hoodies, polos, and more
with code CHICKLIT.
Get to ROWBACK dot com right now.
I promise you, you will not be disappointed
with what you order.
This stuff is the greatest.
And if you play golf, you get a polo right now
and shoot a lower number.
I promise you.
I promise you that.
You're comfortable, you're happy, you're confident, and then rollback just carries you to a career
low in maybe your first round of the season. So rollback.com slash
Chickletts 20 off.
We are now pleased to be joined by the 47th overall pick in 2021 by the Dallas Stars.
Steel!
And now a member of the Carolina Hurricanes after the enormous blockbuster trade earlier
this season, Logan Stankoven.
What's going on?
Thanks for joining the show.
Yeah, thanks for having me on.
I appreciate it, guys.
So what do the boys call you?
Stank?
Is it just straight up stank?
Yeah, usually stank or stanky.
Either works for me. Great nickname. Great nickname. Really rolls off the tongue. Yeah, usually stanker or stanky either works for me.
Great nickname, great nickname.
Really rolls off the tongue.
Yeah, I've just kind of added my whole life.
So yeah.
Do you love when they bump the stanky lay,
do the stanky lay or is that a little played out?
Like, or do you love that?
You love hearing it out in score goals?
I think it's great.
Yeah, I don't, I don't mind it all.
So they did it in Dallas as well.
And now I guess it's kind of caught in,
caught on in Carolina too.
So, so how's it going?
I mean, you know, Biz, Biz had mentioned it's been just kind of a crazy
couple of months for yourself.
Um, don't know if you saw the trade coming, but since you got to Carolina,
like, how's it been, are you enjoying yourself so far?
Yeah, it's been awesome.
Um, yeah, I obviously didn't see that trade coming.
It was kind of a shock to me.
So yeah, everything's been awesome so far.
The guys are great, being really welcoming to me.
So it's made the transition a lot easier.
How did you find out?
Who called you?
Like, did you hear over the airwaves?
Like it's obviously tough news because you've had such good
chemistry with the guys in Dallas, a great start to your
NHL career.
I'm sure you love the coaching staff. So how did you hear it about it all?
And like, like what was your initial reaction?
Yeah, I think it's, it's hard when you pick up like that. I think I was just, you know,
fully getting, getting situated with the, with the boys there. And like you said, you
get to know your teammates and your coaches and I'm still a rookie. So I was just trying to, you know,
solidify myself in the league and then you get dished right away.
So you start fresh, which was crazy for me.
But, um, I think the first, uh, first window I got of it was, um,
Thursday night before the deadline,
I was about to put my phone down and head to bed.
And, um, I had a few buddies text me and say, Hey, your name's out there for a trade.
No, like random buddies, random buddies, not a couple, no, a couple, uh, a
couple of hockey buddies, just that I played junior with, um, we kind of have a
group chat and they text it in the group chat and, um, sure enough, I go on Twitter
and I think it was, uh, Jordan Schmalz on Twitter was the first one to put it out
there and, uh, I don't know, he seems like a pretty reliable source.
So I was like, okay, here we go.
Like, uh,
the people's insider.
He calls himself, I believe.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that was, that was when I, I kind of first started, uh, you know, feeling
like, Hey, there's a real chance that I could get, get traded here.
So, and then sure enough, you know, the deadline goes by and then I, you know,
I get a phone call right at the end there from Jim Nell and Pete DeBoer kind of
letting me know the trade had went down.
Yeah, that's crazy.
I mean, I remember the first time I was traded, it's shocking, right?
Because you've built this culture and you've become such an important part of the team.
Like, did you kind of give your parents a call your agent just probably took a few minutes to kind of sit back and just take
It all in I'm guessing. Yeah, it was a pretty quick turn around
I'd catch a flight within like four hours of the phone calls that I got but
Yeah for for a little bit there. I was obviously pretty upset
I had some really great teammates there in Dallas. So, you know, I was close with some of the younger guys like Johnston and Bork and
Bischel and Vax. So it's tough to leave those guys and start fresh again. But I think everything
happens for a reason. And it's been great here so far in Carolina. The first thing that comes to mind
is style of play, right? We saw Ranton go over there
and maybe struggle a little bit. I think he was still playing good, maybe not able to
put up the same amount of points where Dallas seems to be a little bit more of a possession
team, right? And all of a sudden you go over to Carolina and I feel because of the man
on man, just each player individually has responsibility, right? Whether you're in your
own end or you're for checking, how has it been getting adjusted to a new
system?
And I feel like it fits your style really well because you seem to be a puck hound to
begin with.
Yeah, I think I've been able to fit in pretty well.
Like you said, I think the aggressiveness that we play with and kind of all gas on the
forecheck and man on man kind of all over the ice.
So I enjoy the way we play.
I think we create lots of chances by, you know,
pressuring the puck and, you know,
trying to create turnovers.
And that's kind of what my game is all about.
How often is like Brenda Moore grabbing you
and correcting you in certain areas of like,
how long has it taken to adjust to all that
and learn like the little rules on the ice?
Did you find yourself making a lot of mistakes early?
Had you ever played man on man?
Not really.
I think the first handful of games,
I kept watching all my shifts after the game
and on the bench.
Yeah, obviously Rod and our assistant coach, JD,
would be pulling me aside and showing me clips of
you know, trying to be in this spot or you know, maybe do this differently so just little things that I had to get used to but
You know, I think now I feel pretty comfortable out there
We know we going back to kind of the beginning for you
You I was watching a video Grinnell sent over where you kind of always got to live and play at home, right?
Like drafted by the Kamloops Blazers and even before that like that must have been special because you had an incredible career
CHL MVP, I believe your last year junior. So how did it come about?
Like did you know you were gonna get drafted by Kamloops?
Were you ever a guy that thought about college like give me your you know, you're you talking into junior break
Were you one of those guys who said, fuck you, I ain't coming.
I'm only playing for my hometown.
No, no, but it actually worked out really well that, uh, that year.
Um, I know that, uh, I believe like, I can't remember who exactly drafted
first and not that WHL draft, but there was, uh, you know, Gunther was picked
to his hometown and in Edmonton and then Nolan Allen, Nolan Allen, uh, you know, Gunther was picked to his hometown
in, in Edmonton and then Nolan Allen, Nolan Allen went to, you know, Prince
Albert, so, um, where he, he's kind of from that area in Saskatchewan.
And then, um, yeah, I ended up going to, to Kamloops at, at number five.
So it worked out really well.
I think, you know, all those teams got the players they wanted and, uh, I was,
you know, absolutely pumped.
I was a huge blazer span growing up as a kid and
went to a lot of games and yeah, it was just an awesome feeling to get to stay at home.
And yeah, I had a blast playing there. I definitely miss it, but a lot of good memories.
I think you're pretty known as a player for your motor too. Like obviously you have offensive
skill, but like where was that developed?
Were you always one of those guys who could just fucking go forever?
Um, yeah, I think it's something I've had from a young age, just, uh, pounding pucks
and um, yeah, just kind of relentless on, on the four check. It's just something that
I've kind of, you know, had from a young age. So yeah.
Have you like, who gave you your love of the game?
Like, obviously you find that within yourself,
but did your dad play hockey?
Like, being from Canada, it's different.
Every single kid plays, but like, did you just,
do you think back to six years old and you already
were the kid at stick-handling and shooting pucks
obsessed with it?
Yeah, yeah, my dad was the one who got me into hockey got me into hockey. Um, him and his two brothers, uh, you know, played hockey growing up.
Um, one of his brothers, which would be my uncle, he, he played as a goalie
at, at North Dakota and back in his days.
So yeah, just kind of a hockey family.
And yeah, right from a young age, I love the game playing mini sticks or, you
know, road hockey out in our, our cul-de-sac that I know at our old house back in the day. So you had the role of play it on. I loved the game playing mini sticks or you know road hockey out in our cul-de-sac that I
Know at our old house back in the day. So you're the role of I love that. Oh, yeah, of course
Now who was who was your like?
Idol in the NHL growing up
I'm guessing was probably an undersized guy like were you always a little smaller for your age group like or at one point?
Were you you were the big kid? No, I was never a big kid
I was always a small guy.
So in terms of guys that I looked up to, probably like Mike Camilleri,
when he played on Montreal, just pure goal scorer.
I loved his one timer.
And then Crosby, I think just the way he protects the puck.
And it's hard not to look up to a guy like that.
So what about your draft year?
Because it was it was the covid short and season.
So I think you only played like six games, right?
And you had 10 points, it says here, you're probably ready to light that league up.
And then all of a sudden, boom, like, was it kind of a panic for you?
And what did you do? Like with the covid lockdowns, were you skating at all or working out?
Like it it must have been tough for a draft year kid to all of a sudden have his entire life put on hold
Yeah, I was really tough. I
Thought you know my my 16 year old season there
I I had a really good finish to the year and obviously I think we had like, you know
Four or five games left of playoffs and then everything got shut down. So
going to kovat
Yeah in BC a lot of the gyms and rinks were closed.
So I kind of made my own little gym downstairs in our basement at home.
And then there was a park nearby with a field.
So I do like sprinting and running and everything, you know, cardio wise there.
So I tried to take advantage of what I could.
And yeah, I obviously didn't want to sit on the couch and just do nothing and wait around.
So I tried to put in the work and once things got lifted, then I was back in the rink and on the
gym. You were doing that by yourself just during COVID? Like you would just go do or did you have
like a trainer or anything that you work with? For the first, you know, few months it was on my own
and then, you know, once things got a little bit better,
yeah, I'd meet up with my trainer at the field there.
And yeah, he put us through drills.
So you just like, you have that drive from within,
like you've always just wanted it.
You're just a relentless worker
that comes from within side.
Yeah, I think just blue collar mentality.
I think that's something my parents have instilled in me from a young age and. Yeah, it's definitely helped me get to where I'm today so.
You know, I may not be the most skilled guy, but I think my work ethic can make up for a lot of that.
When you finally graduated on from the AHL to get to Dallas, was that a pretty intimidating locker room to walk into?
Guys like Jamie, Ben, they got some fucking hardcore veterans in that room. Were you pretty
shy at first? Pavelski was there then? Yeah, yeah I was for sure. But the thing about that was,
Pav had kind of reached out to me as soon as I was called up and welcomed me into his house and gave me a spot to stay.
So that made me feel really good right away.
Um, you know, made me feel included and, um, obviously why Johnston was living
with him at the time as well.
So, uh, that made it a lot easier for the call.
He had you two guys living in there with him?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Both of us at the time.
Holy fuck.
There's the three ring circus in there for all the young guys.
Yeah, it was awesome.
Yeah, Pavelski is the guy I've said often on here that he's like the best at everything he does.
Like ping pong, golf, all these other fucking sports.
Like, did you notice right away, wow, this guy's a legend?
Yeah, yeah, the guy, you know, in terms of golf is unbelievable.
Crazy. You take any money from you?
No, actually we didn't get out and play any rounds.
So it's funny.
Me and, uh, me and Wyatt would, would stay home and play video games and, and, uh,
Pav would go to the, um, to the course and hit balls or play around or golf.
It was funny.
So we were more low key.
We just kind of chilled, but, um, Pav, you know, on or off days, or if he had
extra time, he'd be out, out of the course.
So, um, and that's why he's so good.
Hi.
I'm not surprised.
Are you playing online against other people that you have the headset on
and what games are you playing?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
We'd usually play NHL or, or Fort.
Um, usually me, uh, Wyatt and then Thomas Harley.
So that was the group we had.
So you three would be on your own team and you'd be trying to kill people on another team.
Like that's how it works on Fortnite.
Yeah, usually that's yeah, that's exactly how it works.
But we're not like hard for gamers though, but um, like we're not great.
Actually Harley's pretty good, but me and me and Johnny would usually get carried by, by Harley.
So I'm looking here, like, you know, last year you were in the in the a HL
You had 57 points in like 45 games was it kind of one of those things like when am I gonna get the look up here?
I know you and Maverick Bork really lit it up
Was it was it a little frustrating or was it kind of told by Jim? No listen just just take your time
You'll be up here soon enough because if you're lighting up that league at a young age you're itching to get the call
Yeah, I mean it was was tough at times
But I was exactly the message from from Jim now just you know go down there do your thing develop
I think you know that was the best thing for me
Just you know to get confidence and get playing time get the reps
You know the proper reps and and I thought that was really key for me.
And you don't seem like much of a partier.
I'd be a tough couple of tough cities to be a part of to not engage.
I mean, Austin and then going to Dallas.
Yeah.
Visit, visit have been dead.
I would have been fucking back in the coast in no time.
Fair enough.
Yeah.
A couple of really good cities to go out in.
Yeah, there's definitely not a lack of fun
in both those cities.
Yeah, that's a great place to play.
We were stuck in Wilkes-Barre.
We had one bar, we wore it out.
If we were in Austin, Biz, I don't know if this podcast
would exist.
Well, we did get the 50 discount at Arena Bar and Grill,
which was nice, save on the paychecks.
But they don't have any state tax there, so they don't even need to save on shit. Yeah
man, like what would you say were the hardest adjustments for you from going
to the AHL to the NHL? Like what's the hardest thing about that jump
in becoming a consistent NHL player? I think just the details, you know, your
defensive game and then the thing that I've noticed big time is the goalies.
I think the goalies at the NHL level, not, you know, not to take anything away from
the guys at the NHL level, but the goalies are so solid and it's so hard to
beat goalies clean in this league, which, you know, I'm finding.
So yeah, for now it's just, uh, keep working on my shot and yeah, hopefully
find the back of the net a bit more.
Why do you have a bit of a muffin or you're just saying it's just, they're that good or
you got to find another gear to that shot?
No, I think they're just that good.
Um, you know, usually during the summers, I'm always, you know, down the garage I have
it at home, you know, shooting pucks or whatnot.
And, um, you know, before practice or after practice shooting pucks.
So it's, yeah, it just goes to show how good the goalies are at this level and
Yeah, I just got to keep working on it then
Yeah, it's not not an easy thing to do not many guys in the state can be goalies clean
So we had and this is this is a compliment, but we had Seth Jarvis on what a clown
What a clown he seems like like it must be pretty fun to be in the room with him because based on his description, it's a fun locker room, right?
Like a lot of guys in there with personalities.
Is he the leader of the Wack Pack as Biz says?
Yeah, he's got to be up there for sure.
I'd say him and Martinuk for sure.
Those guys are so funny.
It's definitely a really great group to be a part of.
It keeps things light.
And Jarvis is a Western league guy as well, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Both those guys are so there we go.
When you move over to a new team, sometimes you gain an appreciation for guys where you
haven't watched them that closely.
And all of a sudden you're like, Holy fuck, man, I didn't realize this guy was as good
as he is.
Like who are those guys for you in Carolina?
One guy that would come to mind is Jackson Blake another rookie.
He's nice huh?
I saw him play at North Dakota.
At North Dakota last year I was like holy shit like I think this kid not only is an
NHL'er but could be there next year and sure as shit it's it's been pretty nice for him.
Yeah yeah he's a heck of a player yeah they have him with Jarvis and Ahu on the top line there and they're just money together those guys. So yeah, he's a
I grew up actually playing against Blaker in spring hockey as a kid and he was always
a top guy. So it's cool now that we're on the same team. How was he? Where was he living?
Like how were you playing against him in the growing up? So he was out out kind out, uh, kind of out East, I guess, or more out East, but he
played for the Minnesota blades, uh, spring hockey program.
And, uh, you know, just travel tournaments or whatnot.
Uh, yeah, I played them like three, four times.
So yeah, he was always a guy that, uh, was constantly at the top of the
tournament and points or goals, whatever it was.
So yeah, pretty interesting.
I believe that you guys are playing against the Washington capitals tomorrow.
So there's been a bit of a rivalry going on, especially as of late,
like what was it like being a part of that one?
And do you have any anticipation as to what's going to happen tomorrow?
Yeah, I'm not sure what to expect.
You might shed the mitts or what? I don't know about that.
You and Wilson again. Yeah. Challenge. You were shed the Mets or what? I don't know about that. You and Wilson again.
Yeah. Challenge him. You were fucking going after him. No, I was just trying to stand
my ground there. I, yeah, he'd kind of cross checked, uh, Sean Walker in front of the net
there and I was the closest guy to him and I didn't want to just stand there and do nothing.
So I gave him a little shove and just went crazy. Just go give him the shimmy shake.
Yeah.
The fucking fans would go crazy.
Brendan Moore's like, no.
He double ragged all me.
Luckily the zebras were in there last time.
Has Brendan Moore, and the, the hurricanes guys have told us like he's in the gym.
Like this guy's still working out.
Like he's playing same thing that you've seen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's a, he's a beast.
Like you see him walking around in the gym and his calves and legs are just
massive and yeah, he's a, he's a lot of fun, uh, just to be around a great guy to
play for us.
So he's game facing you in the gym.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's dialed in in the gym.
So, uh, yeah, he's jacked.
Okay.
Who have you gravitated towards?
Like, I know it's, it's hard when you get to a new team.
Is there anyone that you're hanging out with on a regular basis?
Like who are your guys?
Um, usually Jackson Blake, Scotty Morrow, um, a couple of younger guys.
Uh, I'd say Seth Jarvis, um, Jalen Chatfield.
I mean, all of the guys, um, even Mark Jankowski and other guys that was kind of traded.
So we've been obviously close being the two guys that got traded at the deadline there,
but, um, all the guys have been great.
So, um, the, you know, there's not really any clicks in the group.
Like everyone kind of hangs out together and, um, yeah, it's everyone's fun to be around.
Where do they have you living right now?
You in a hotel?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm at a hotel, probably stay there for the rest of the season.
The airport hotel, motel sex.
No, it's, it's a Hyatt house.
So it's got like a little kitchen and a living room.
Um, honestly, it's perfect for, you know, for the next little bit here.
And, um, obviously at the beginning, next year I'll get my own place.
You seem pretty low maintenance. Uh, that, that, that guy,
a little cantina like that would seem like a four seasons. Um,
going back to chat field, like what's up with his teeth? Like,
like do you think he's going to get new jibs? Like,
it seems like the guy can chew corn on the cob through a tennis racket.
Like what's up there?
That's a good question. I. I have to ask him that honestly
I've been caught like just talking i'm being caught looking at his teeth a few times and i'm like what's going on there but
Yeah, I I have that's a good question. That's perfect. Next time I see him I'll have to ask him what he's doing there
But he looks like a crackhead kind of like no offense to him, but like those jibs are no offense
No offense, like I love them.
I love them as a player.
I like his judo style takedowns.
I love everything about them.
I just like, I think at one point like the league has to step in and say, Hey, like we
got kids sitting front row at the game.
Like we need to get those jibs fixed.
Yeah, fair enough.
I think I I'm, I'm sure his thought process is, you know, if I get hit in the mouth again
or whatever, then you know, I won't have to,
won't have to fix it too much. It's already kind of, you know, his teeth are already broken. So I guess he's probably just, you know, wait till his career is done.
But that's what it is, Biz. You can't fix them now and then take a puck in the mouth, you know?
I think you just got to take the rest of them out. Just like, just make it look clean. Like Eric Johnson, who's in the-
Just no teeth.
Just none, like, cause you got the little stubble ones,
like it's almost like, oh God.
It looks like the fake ones you put in for Halloween,
where they're not even real.
What about some of the Wile E veterans,
like Brent Burns, like Jordan Stahl,
these guys have fucking played forever.
Have you been in his backpack?
Have you been in Bernsie's little backpack yet?
He could fit in it.
Yeah, I could probably fit in it.
But yeah, he brings like, like Bernsie's bringing
that backpack and he's bringing two suit,
like two massive suitcases.
It's like he's packing a stay when he comes on road trips.
It's pretty funny.
So no, those guys are great though.
Like Bernsie's such a fun guy to be around
You know, he's always cracking jokes and having a good time
stalls he does too. He's a little bit more focused though. And obviously, you know him being being the captain
He's more dull than but yeah, both those guys are awesome
I was gonna just ask about kind of first time you're like one-on-one on Slaven in practice
It's it's it's like, oh shit, like I don't think I'm getting around this guy. Like based on watching him in the past few seasons and then guys talking about like, wow,
didn't really realize he's this good. Was it the same for you?
Yeah, just like the way he positions his stick and
He skates well too. Yeah, so good. Yeah, he does.
Like he's the definition of a shutdown defender. Yeah, he's so good. Yeah, he does. Like, he's the definition of a shutdown defender.
Yeah, obviously he has the skill to bring some offense too, but just the way he defends
and it's so hard to get around the guy.
And I think his breakout in my opinion was obviously the Four Nations there.
Like everyone kind of came to realize just how good he was and now being on his team, it's like, wow, this guy's, yeah,
this guy's the real deal.
So take, take us through a day in a Logan Stankovans off season, right?
Like obviously working out in the morning,
are you a guy that's kind of skating like even in June on the ice a lot,
or you take a little time away and then what's all afternoon like for you?
Yeah, usually, you know, after the season, I'll probably take, you know, two to two and a half weeks off.
That's it. Yeah, yeah, usually that's about it. Throughout the summer, I'll probably take like another, you know, week or two off just because it is, it is quite a long summer. So you got to pace yourself. But, yeah, hopefully not this year for you. Yeah, exactly. But do you golf or like anything else?
Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah.
So a damn day in my life in the summer is usually wake up around, um, probably six
45, I do sprints at seven AM, seven till eight AM.
Um, at a track nearby, there's a group there that is like, it's like a mix of
like cardio and footwork and whatnot.
So resistance work core.
So that's, that's really good.
And then I'll walk over to the gym nearby and do like an actual lift from about, you know, eight 30 till, till 10.
And then from now I'll go home and eat breakfast, chill for a bit.
And then my times kind of differ.
Like sometimes they're a bit earlier, sometimes they're in the afternoon.
So, and then yeah.
Fuck man, these kids, what they have to do nowadays.
They're animals.
It's crazy.
What other, like are there any other NHLers
in your crew for summer training?
In Kamloops, there's not a whole lot.
Like sometimes I know Josh Doan will,
okay.
I'll skate with him and train with him a little bit
when he's around for the summer.
He's at the Shoe Swap.
Yeah, he is.
I went to their place.
They got a beautiful place on the water there.
But your morning routine sounds like that influencer
that's been popping off lately does the,
he puts his face in the ice water.
Have you seen this guy?
Yeah.
What's this guy's name?
Yeah, I've seen, I'm actually not sure,
but I know exactly who you're talking about.
Yeah, he was at the Heat game the other night and it was 930.
So people were flipping out because I think he said he's in bed by eight every night.
He's up at 330 with the face in the ice bowl.
Yeah, that's a pretty wild job.
Ashton Hall. Ashton Hall is the clown's name.
Okay.
What do you do with your free time for fun?
Like you watching shows? Like you have like a like a high lights base. He's fucking watching stick handle videos.
This guy, no, like are you talking about like during the season? What I'm, what I'm up to
or yeah, like what's your escape? How do you get out of your hockey bubble? Good question.
Uh, I mean during the summers, yeah, like I love to golf. Um, I have a pool in my backyard,
so hang up by the pool, uh, sun tan. So I have I have a pool in my backyard, so I hang out by the pool.
Sun tan, so I have a ping pong table in the backyard as well,
so play some ping pong.
Other than that, it's usually all hockey,
like watching video or watching highlights, like you said.
But yeah, I think it's definitely key for players
to have an escape from the game and kind of take your,
I guess your head out of the game for a bit and refocus.
Are you anti-social media?'re, you're head out of the game for a bit and re refocus. Are you anti social media?
Like, are you on Twitter or Instagram?
I am.
Yeah.
I'm on, I'm on there a little bit.
Um, I try to stay off of it, uh, you know, throughout the season though, cause
there's so much going on, but, uh, it's, it's hard.
It's hard not to.
What do you mean by so much going on as in like a, maybe criticism or all that.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Everything, everything that comes with it.
That's, that's the, that's, you know, the great thing about, you know, being a
professional sports player though, you know, that's, that's what you expect.
And, um, but sometimes, yeah, just stay away from that stuff and don't let
it affect, uh, your game at all.
Yeah.
I should have taken that advice.
Instead of having a honor it is.
You wouldn't have a job right now.
That's true, that's true.
The Caniacs are more fucked up than the Dallas Stars fans,
although there is one guy I want to ask you about.
Were you buddies with Bang Guy?
Glass Banger?
No, no, I was not.
But yeah, I noticed that he wasn't like at any of our games this season.
He's in prison.
Yeah, he's in jail.
Actually, I didn't know that.
That's what happened there.
I think it was like maybe his 15th DUI or something like that.
He's out.
I believe when the Western Conference Finals start, so if the stars go on a run, then they got to deal with that when he comes back. But yeah,
I was wondering if you were buddies with him,
maybe spend a little time off the ice with glass banger.
Would you guys talk about him in the locker room? Cause he was bringing pros,
like new pros to every single game.
And he was so annoying behind the net.
Honestly, no, nobody mentioned it at all. At least not when I was around.
Nobody said anything in the dressing room or joke about it. So
not one person was around. Nobody said anything in the dressing room or joked about it. What? Not one person was like,
hey, look at this fucking guy in on the four check
behind the glass with the white suit
with the hooker sitting next to him.
Honestly, I'm sure like he's probably been there
for a while.
The guys are probably just used to it for, you know, by now.
But yeah.
Anything else we should know about Carolina?
Like have you had any funny interactions
with any of the fans yet?
Cause the Caniacs are nuts.
Like I was spouting off online about the random deal
and the original one, not the one that involved you
and how silly it was to bring them over.
They were all over.
They hate you.
I should have took a page out of your book
and got off of it.
Yeah, no, they are passionate.
That's something I, yeah, I didn't really expect, you know,
going to Carolina, but it's cool.
Like showing up before the games, um, they're tailgating.
It's like football, like they're tail tailgating before the games and, and,
you know, playing cornhole or whatever it is before.
So it's, it's pretty, it's pretty cool to see, you know, how much they love
the hockey, uh, in, you know, in Raleigh there and, um, yeah, they're really loud. I can't wait to see, you know, how much they love the hockey in, you know, in Raleigh there and, um,
yeah, they're really loud. I can't wait to see, you know, what they have for us in playoffs.
Oh, it's going to be great. It's going to be great.
Pretty much locked in with the Devils. So looking forward to that, dude.
And I know it's probably been wild, you know, getting traded for the first time, but, um,
we actually might need a favor from you and we're, owners of a new East Coast hockey league team in Greensboro, the Gargoyles.
So maybe we could get you to, we're not going to ask you to, you know, suit up for a game, but drop a puck.
What do you mean?
Yes, we were.
Sorry, I didn't want to go there yet, Biz.
Let's have him drop the puck first and then give him the uniform.
Yeah, sounds good.
All right, buddy.
Thank you so much for coming on, dude.
Good luck the rest of the year.
Yeah, thanks guys.
I appreciate you having me on.
Guys, Whit here, and I want to talk about DraftKings.
After the long grind, 82 games of the regular season,
it's finally time to start the playoff beard or in Biz's case, the playoff moustache.
That's how he says it. Moustache.
I say mustache, but it's Biz's case, the playoff mustache. That's how he says it. Moustache. I say mustache,
but it's Biz's mustache. The quest to hoist the Stanley Cup is heating up and the action
is even hotter at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NHL.
The postseason for the fastest game on ice is here. If this is your first time experiencing
and betting on playoff hockey, strap in for an epic playoff run. It's super easy to get started at the DraftKings Sportsbook.
Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win.
Go to the app, select your team and place your first bet.
It's that easy.
Oilers tonight in LA.
I don't hate it.
And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up.
New customers bet 5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly.
Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now
and use code CHICKLITS.
That is code CHICKLITS for new customers
to get 200 in bonus bets when you bet just 500.
Only on DraftKings.
The crown is yours.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
In New York, call 877-8HOPENY or text HOPENY467369.
In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling.
Call 888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org.
Please play responsibly.
On behalf of Boothill Casino in Resorting Kansas,
21 and over, age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.
Voighton, Ontario, new customers only.
Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.
For additional terms and responsible gaming resources,
see dkng.co.slash audio. 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources see
DKNG.co slash audio
Thank you very much to Logan Stankovic. Oh as you said a humble kid, you know a younger player He's not looking to make it make a bunch of noise make a bunch of headlines doing an interview with no shitty
Cindy stories coming out of
No, I think it's like, you know
Maybe a story from the gym
when he broke a PR on the bench or the squat,
or maybe a story from the shooting,
the shoot where he does his shooting in the off season
where he hit the crossbar nine times in a row.
No Bissonnette type off-line stories.
Or when Dallas turned their back on him
and got rid of him for Rottenen.
And we'll go there now.
And Dallas, Colorado Colorado game one finishes
five one not a five one game I was actually very impressed with how Dallas
played it was a typical wit mush where I texted you guys I said boys we might have
underestimated Dallas here and immediately Colorado scored I'm talking
maybe two minutes after I sent the text.
My takeaway was the dog is a complete lunatic. The dog was just humming down there.
He was firing on all cylinders.
He was skating as fast as I've ever seen him.
But Dallas looked good.
They really did.
And then it just kind of seemed like Colorado took over that game.
Got some huge shades by Mackenzie Blackwood.
I don't know which one of you guys wants to take off, take this away, but what do you
got?
I just think that they got to like, they got to figure out a way to close off that five
man unit.
When McCarr, Tabes and Dog in that line is out there, they just cook.
And even if Dallas is in the offensive zone playing good for half the shift the minute
it gets turned over their speed is just taking over right like this like you tweeted out the
speed is the biggest difference I saw on the broadcast if they don't figure out Colorado's
transition and and their their their neutral zone and gap up a little bit better they're going to
get cooked in this series because all of those line rushes are what ended up cooking them.
Like that was a pretty lucky goal from Lekkinen, like the bicycle kick one.
But did you see the crazy they were in Dallas was in the offensive zone
for like 20, 30 seconds.
Nate ends up just bullying his guy in front of the net.
He takes the puck from his own end.
He goes up the left side of the ice, then crosses over to the right.
And what did you make of the pick, then crosses over to the right.
And what'd you make of the pick that he put on Lubuskin after he dished it off to Lekkinen?
Yeah.
Oh, you would have called that.
Not necessarily, but I see Dallas being a little disgusted by that.
I think it was perfect because it seemed like Lubuskin put a stick between his legs, so
Nate just went with it. And then he just forced them off and then created that lane for Leckinen, which ended
up resulting to the first goal.
And then like you saw so many more examples of how they get up ice.
Like I showed the one where Steele had had McCarr dead to rights in his own end, knocked
them off the puck, thought he was going to get it.
McCarr just fucking battles it right back.
Gets it.
They go back up ice
and they get two more chances off the Russian regroup.
So I just, I think it's gonna come down to
if they can solve that five man unit
and just break it even.
I would just try to sick a line on them,
tell them to say, just shut these guys down
and we'll let the rest of the three lines
try to figure out the rest of the team.
Because right now, that's the biggest glaring difference is the speed
from those top five unit and if they can't neutralize that it's gonna be
series over. It also was incredible by Mackenzie Blackwood I mean he made some
he had that save on steel Wyatt Johnson threw it across short-handed unreal
save there he had another he robbed somebody else I can't think of.
He stopped Wyatt Johnson on a sick play in the second period. But I mean, you also got to kind of pump up Dallas there.
That five on three at the beginning of the game was one of the best five on three penalty
kills I've ever seen so the second best penalty kill this season the second
penalty was legit McCarr made an amazing move on Johnson on on at the blue line
he tripped him I think it was Wyatt Johnson but the first penalty was Mason
Marchmere and it was not a penalty. It was brutal. They called that call and DeBoer was disgusted about it.
And then I get the second one being right, but that first one was weak.
Like even Marchment was standing there like, what the hell is that call?
To give them a five on three, but they got a great kill.
I'm like, that'll get them going.
And after that, I kind of noticed in that game how physical it was,
specifically Colorado, like the net just he hammered
Labushkin on one of the shifts he did a great job
And he looks so nasty like Keith you texted like how fast he is and how much he fits in with with the dog
It was like he's coming up the ice and it looks similar to McKinnon when he's carrying the puck through the neutral zone
And he looks like he's five inches bigger than everyone too. He's a moose out there.
Yeah.
I thought Colorado and Biz, I thought what you said about, like you showed a clip of
McCarr getting four checked and making a pass and just getting up the ice.
Like when they play like that and they're engaged, not only like to offensively, but
to get back and make plays and get
pox and then get up the ice.
Like who, who's, who can cover that?
Like Dallas is a, is a, you know, a really good team, well oiled machine, but
it's like, who can cover a guy that's going to go back, get first touch on the
puck, make a pass, then be the first guy up the ice to receive it.
So it's, it's, I think the way that they're playing right now, and you
see Nate too, like he's getting interviewed after the game and he, it's almost like that Kobe mentality
where he's just like not, not satisfied. Like it's like, it's one game I'm ready to, you know,
I just want it to be game seven of the Stanley Cup finals. Like he is so dialed. He's the best
player in the world right now. And Wayne said it right. Like it's, and when he says that,
he's the best player in the world and now. And Wayne said it right? And when he says that, it's hard to argue. He's the best player in the world.
And everybody's following him in that locker room.
And he mentioned, he's like, it's playoffs.
We need everyone.
And everyone's trying to product.
And he's bringing guys into the fight too.
It's not like he's doing it by himself.
He's bringing these dudes into the absolute depths
of hell with him.
The one thing that I think they can do better,
Dallas though, is like,
like especially in transition, they got to get their, they got to get their
demand back up, they got to regap up easier said than done sometimes when those
fast wingers and then you got a guy like Nate breathing down your neck and
they're stretching the zones.
But you saw on that play when Sam Steele was for checking my car, like it was that
second layer.
So then they go down, they get the original rush, you know, McKinnon pushes
their D off, pulls up, he finds that lane and hits McCarr.
But it's on the regroup.
Like if you're the D man, you can't just lull back on your own end.
You have to get up on the line and you have to be doing it as a five-man unit.
And you got to close them off before they can even gain zone entry and if they're just going to allow them those those those bad gaps like
you saw on the one goal that Lekkinen scored where where McKinnon grabbed it in the defensive
zone like you're you're a half zone away from McKinnon as he's rushing up the ice that's
why he's able to go from the left to the right side so if you're up tighter and you're getting
that back pressure you can close them off but if you're up tighter and you're getting that back pressure,
you can close them off.
But if you're going to give him that much time and space,
they're going to get the fucking line every time
and they're just going to work you.
So that was probably the one thing
that they got to work on the most.
And can't really blame that one on Autinger.
That first one was a weird one.
The first two were kind of weird ones, right?
So he'll have to recalibrate.
But we interviewed Blackwood after the game.
I didn't realize he had no front jibs.
Did you see that story he told?
I never seen that from a goalie.
I guess somebody mentioned Bishop had lost a tooth.
The big goalie used to play in Tampa
and also Dallas, Ben Bishop.
But yeah, so Blackwood goalies in their masks,
they have this chin guard
and it kind of secures the helmet
where it's supposed to be.
Well, I guess it was restricting his breathing
and he didn't really like it earlier on in his career.
So he removed it.
And then I guess he took a one-timer right off the face
and it just took out his front grill.
Like he's missing the front four.
So not oftentimes you see a goalie
look like a scary tough guy,
but he's zoned in, locked in right now, 28 years old. the front four. So not oftentimes you see a goalie look like a scary, tough guy, but
he's zoned in, locked in right now. 28 years old. Sometimes it takes goalies time to come
into their own, right? Hardest position to play. You're on an island by yourself. And
I know he dealt with injuries when he was playing in New Jersey. He gets shipped off
to San Jose and then what a pick up by Colorado to solidify
their goaltending and not even have to pay him that much of an AAV moving forward.
So he looks like the guy right now, still a lot of hockey to play, but he's found his
game in Colorado.
And I think that DeBoer was asked, I don't know, I think it was before the series about
like playing a goalie with no playoff experience.
And he's like, have you ever heard of Ken Dryden?
Who I think came from Cornell and like won the cop that said he's, I don't
remember when that was.
And then even Autinger was asked about it.
And he's like, well, I had a nice little run when I hadn't played, um, that, that
first year and you look at Blackwood and like,
to make your playoff debut on a team that's this good,
it's gotta be so, it's not just like,
there's nerves, but it's more excitement.
Like, I truly think we can win the Stanley Cup,
and like, I'm the guy right now.
Like, that feeling as an athlete,
like, there's nothing better than that.
And he's been wishing and wanting this for so long,
and he's battled injuries.
And I just think like like he made that save
on
Marshman he tried tying it up. It was gonna be two two
He made an incredible save and I think a minute later
It goes down the ice and Manson with this maybe the sickest D to D pass I've ever seen
He gave it to tapes for a tap in like how many times do you see D to D?
I've ever seen he gave it to Taves for a tap in like how many times do you see D to D?
From the from inside the offensive zone to like the crease for a tap in for Devon Taves And then it's 3-1 like an enormous swing based on that Blackwood saved a little bit earlier
So it was it was just a great effort. I mean like I can't believe that
Colorado was able to get him midseason right and then biz mentioned signing him, and then you just look at how they're looking now.
It's incredible.
Also, Manson is a caveman, Keith.
Yeah.
He hammered Grandland,
and then Grandland ended up running back at him,
and I don't even know if he saw him,
and still Grandland went flying.
I think they might've both gone down,
but do you know him at all?
No, he went to Northeastern, I think, right?
Yeah. Yeah, no, I don't know him at all? No, he went to Northeastern, I think. Right? Yeah.
Yeah.
No, I don't know him at all.
He's a guy though, that I would, would want to play with over.
And like, he just, you know, you're getting from him.
He's big and he's also, he's built for playoffs.
Like the guy just, his build, the way he moves it.
But I think the day to day, uh, backdoor tap and was so funny.
Cause I saw him like, Oh my God, what a great pass by Manson.
And then it's like, why was Taves even backdoor?
Like, especially with those two up there, it's not like it was McCarr or whatever.
But I think too though, like looking at the Dallas, I think of all the
teams that lost the game one, I think Dallas should feel the best about
themselves because those first two goals, a little fluky, I thought they played.
I thought like the first period they were a little bit soft and then they kind of, and then they kind of came out hitting.
You saw Mason Marchman throwing his weight around, Granlin throwing his weight
around, but I think for them to win this series, they got to be a lot more physical
than they were in the first period, maybe period and a half.
Like they, they got to bring the heat right away.
Like next game, they got to be like, okay, we lost game one.
We have to engage physically right off the bat.
There's no, there's no easing into it for them.
Like Jamie, Ben, I, he wasn't right as much as I love them.
Like I don't think he was engaged as much as he usually is, especially
I saw him in warmups.
It looked like he was ready to kill someone.
And then I didn't notice him a ton did you? No I didn't also
congrats to him I saw a new dad I think a couple weeks ago congrats to Jamie
Ben I I think looking at the main storyline though is Ronton and and I
should I shouldn't say that the main storyline is no Robertson
Yeah, and it says week to week like that. That's not good
And then has Kenan he was skating earlier in the morning. I tweeted out. Oh my god. This series just changed
I had a couple responses right away. He's not playing tonight, but he ends up
Rotten and I'm saying he ends up really doing nothing
But he ends up.
Rontan and I'm saying he ends up really doing nothing.
He was minus two. That line of Ben Wyatt, Johnson and Rontan and were kind of dominated five on five.
Like they just they they with Robertson out like he has to be a horse.
And his his career in the playoffs has been outstanding.
His numbers are unbelievable.
But all the responses are when I when mentioned, is Rontan playing tonight?
I haven't even heard his name.
It's just McKinnon Merchant, McKinnon Merchant,
McKinnon Merchant, can't play without McKinnon.
I don't necessarily think that's true,
but they need way more from him there.
And if Robertson's playing, it's one thing,
and you can not really rely on him this much,
but that was not great.
And he's gonna need to be a lot better. He's gonna need to have to puck a lot more. not really relying on this much, but that was not great.
And he's gonna need to be a lot better.
He's gonna need to have the puck a lot more.
He's gonna need to play in the offensive zone down low
where really no D can handle him.
I don't care who you are.
Once he gets his back to you and you're protecting the puck,
that is like the ronten that you need to see.
And he just wasn't doing it.
And I don't really get as your first game
against your old team.
You're at home.
Against your old team, that's the.
Yeah, it's like, you would think he would have come out
flying, as while you were up, Keith mentioned that Dallas
is probably feeling the best after of the game one losers
about themselves and that they, they, there is stuff
to build on and I just kind of of mentioned like where was Ron Tannen?
Not a great performance for him.
I looked slow.
So not a good sign there.
The thing is, as you guys mentioned before, before the series, it started.
He's skin and
it went from week to week to day to day.
So that is a very promising thing.
If they can get him back, Robertson, sorry to interrupt you, but it is week to week for him.
Correct.
That's not good.
You're missing one of your best players since the four nations, if not your best player since
the four nations. So some tough losses for them. But yeah, I feel like they, listen,
they lost the first two games to the Vegas Golden Knights and ended up beating them
So you can't count this team out. They just got to find ways to neutralize
Colorado speed especially from the big boys
They got a hope hopefully their depth can take over like fuck man. They got Wyatt Johnson on their third line, right?
Like that, you know, we're good
That Maverick Bork who was always mentioned with Stankhoven as this undersized forward coming up that had lit up the AHL
He was flying around. I don't think his uh his ceiling is not a like he's a fourth liner right now
I think in a couple years, that's not gonna be him, but I was very impressed by him
Last thing on this. It's the eighth consecutive loss for Dallas.
I think they lost the last seven in the regular season, and it's also their eighth consecutive
Game 1 loss, which is shocking considering they've been to back-to-back Western Conference
Finals.
At some point, though, like we mentioned the stats, 68 of Game 1 winners win.
It's hard getting behind in a series every time.
So, we'll see what happens game two.
Can Blackwood keep this up?
Can Rontan and pick it up?
What's going to go on?
I'm very excited for this series.
That leaves us final game that we've witnessed so far.
The tale of two games.
Oh, buddy.
I thought this was an incredible hockey game.
And Jet Stand.
Before we start the crowd.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Yeah, that was an unbelievable whiteout.
Dude, I was.
I think Jets fans who are always all over us for not talking about them enough.
Well, it's playoffs.
You're the president's trophy winners and it's your time now.
And you had to make up for this disgusting first round loss last year.
And that crowd showed up. I love outside too, and I mentioned this in the previews.
It looks like this street is 10 feet wide,
and there's a thousand Winnipeg Jet Lunatics out there in all white t-shirts.
The weather's getting nicer, and the Jets, man, they were behind.
Dude, they... I had the same panic.
I'm like, Hellebuck does not look great.
Turn into a pumpkin again.
It didn't look great.
But dude, Shifeley and Connor, they took over.
And Biz, I'm gonna throw it to you,
but I wanna mention, I think it was the winning goal.
Unbelievable face-off play.
Oh yeah. Did you guys see that?
They said it's the first time they've been able to do it all season long.
Really?
First time they've executed it.
Connor was interviewed in the postgame and he mentioned it.
Because it looked like a set play, right?
It is. It is.
So for those of you, I mean, for those of you living under a rock and didn't see it,
they're on the right side, the right faceoff dot,
and as soon as it's won, Shrifley loses his guy. So it goes
up to the point and he rolls up and he goes behind the net to the other side. He ends
up getting it and there's a little seam and you don't got much time to snap that thing
over and Connor was waiting for it and Connor had had a few chances earlier in the game
where he whiffed on him like those were his shots and after the shot he'd have a stick on his head like motherfucker that was my moment but he
got it back they run that face-off play
Shifeleek rolls behind the net finds that seam to him and it's off his stick
in two seconds and boom back in the net so a great winning goal the physicality
early it was what really stood out and I don't know man just felt like st. Louis
blew their load they really didn't have anything after the second period like
that third period was pathetic really halfway through the second they only had
they only had one shot in third period so I thought that that that are I thought
that Winnipeg really helped out Hellebuck and bailed him out of another
tough performance I thought that he was asg really helped out Hellebuck and bailed him out of another tough
performance.
I thought that he was, as Hank described, he was making himself smaller.
He typically plays deep in his net, but what he's not doing is he's not loose by staying
up and allowing it to come to him.
He's kind of keeling over.
The Kyroogle?
Yeah.
He's like getting, he's getting too forward. Even on the Sunquist one, when they change the angle around
and you're behind Sunquist looking towards the net,
he had the whole glove side to work with.
He's a big goalie.
His size is he's supposed to use to his advantage.
So I think it's such a huge component, though,
at the fact that he has a tough game
and they bail him out of that one
So he doesn't lose confidence early like he's got a fuck
He's got to pick it up moving forward
But the team for all he's done for that team all season long it was finally their their turn to pick him up
So they put on a clinic as far as locking up the neutral zone and allowing nothing from St. Louis. Very, very disappointed in the lack of discipline from St. Louis as well.
I don't know if you saw earlier in the game, like,
Luke Shen had taken that penalty, right?
And then St. Louis scores on the ensuing power play.
Great play on the blue line by Fowler.
Did you see him on the backhand to keep that play alive to Thomas?
Thomas, most points since the Four nations with 40 coming into playoffs.
So he's been red hot.
But right after that, neighbors, he ends up hitting somebody by the bench
and then he slashes them right in the hands.
Well, if they're fucking this, if they've already established
that they're going to call a lot in the game, you can't be taking a stupid
cheap shot like that, especially as a young guy these referees don't
care about the young guys maybe if you're fucking McDavid or McKinnon you
can get away with that so he ends up sitting and then later in the game where
they have no offense cooking for st. Louis they have a power play in the
third period what does that bull do kid do well I have fallow was all over him
I have fallow clipped them up top it It goes uncalled, but on the way back to the bench, bull Duke gives him the crosscheck
right in the ribs. I have fallow goes down and then negates the power play. That's not
playoffs dude. They go, they go right to, they go right to money on the bench and he's
got his fucking hands in his head being like, what the fuck are we doing here? We, we had
a one goal lead going into the third period
and we implode, we don't fucking get any shots on net,
we don't get any offensive sustained pressure,
we're taking stupid penalties
and we become completely unglued.
You mentioned Shifely though, like that effort on the play
where he throws it out front, like people could say,
hey, that's on Binnington, that's a very hard play. I was asking Hank about it.
When you go post to post, he shitefully just he wins the battle and he just throws it at the net and it ends up hitting like right at the side of the post.
And it hit Suter's stick, no.
I think Suter, because Suter went over and kind of gave him a pat on the back almost like dude, sorry, like I tried blocking the pass
No, so that that one I think you're talking about is Parenko was the defenseman there So go back and look at it that you're talking about the first one that got deflected
That was the first power play goal off the side of the net when they tied it up 1-1
Correct. That was Shrifley's goal. I'm talking about the one where Shrifley was on the four check and he ends up throwing it off the side of the net, the tying goal.
Where tough play for Parenko, like he made a good play as soon as they entered the zone to poke it away. He had a good gap.
And then it just ends up going behind where when you're coming over as Bennington with that stick, there's always that little gap that it can get through if you're not right up on the post with your pad and
Shifely found the perfect spot
He banks it off the side of the net and kind of a shitty goal
so a couple tough bounces for for st
Louis on those goals
But goes back to Shifely the work ethic and the fact that he was he was probably the best player
He was just as impactful as Nate was for Colorado
Three-point night and and him and Connor get the job done
I can't believe Connor just kind of reminded me like that
He wasn't playing in the four nations final, right?
Like it's like dude guys just a sniper over 90 points scores the game winner with a minute and a half left
It's like kind of crazy looking back on that.
Keith, when we're talking about retaliatory penalties, like in the playoffs
that you played in, like kind of explain how hard it is for players that you're
so pissed off, like I just got high stick, but like the, the, the calmness
it takes to not retaliate and take a penalty after a call is missed.
Yeah, especially when your power play is feeling good too, right?
They were two for three at that point. I can't remember what they...
But I mean, their power play was humming either way.
And it is the biggest, you know, buzzkill for a team because you're on the power play.
You think you have an opportunity to score a goal.
Like there's a chance you could not play next game.
That's how mad a coach could be about a play like this and playoffs.
Cause it is so costly.
Cause you know, it's the little things in playoffs where, you know, it, the old
saying is like, take, take the number, get them the next game, like you have
the opportunity to play these guys six more times to get your revenge and to do
it right there where, you know,
the refs are watching what's going on.
And like Biz said, the younger guys aren't going to get the, Hey buddy, uh,
you know, we'll let that one slide.
Uh, you know, keep that, keep that till the next game.
The young guy is going to get called every single time and you cannot put
your team in danger like that, especially when your team has an
opportunity to score a goal.
So as a young guy doing that, it can't feel good.
Uh, I think for him, the best thing he can do is go out if he's playing next game
and, you know, be a pass play as hard as he can, but you have to stay out of the
box because in, you know, any, any game in the NHL, but especially, uh, playoffs,
if you, if you're hurting your team, you ain't going to be in the next game.
So it's, it's, I think for him, it's, um, it's probably one of those things
where he's waking up to, uh, you know, I guess yesterday morning being like,
Oh my God, I'm an idiot, but he just got to forget about it quickly
and get back on the horse.
You will, you're pissed off.
Cause like, are you talking about the one where bull Duke ended up retaliate?
Like, like they showed the clip prior, like I haveofalo got him and he clipped him up high and it
was a missed call, but those are going to happen.
You can't let those emotions get to you.
You can't.
And that's inexperience.
That's your first time in the dance.
He's got to learn from that and move on.
And you saw Monty's reaction where I'm sure Monty's just going to tell him calmly, like,
hey, bud, like, you, what you did was wrong.
You know, you fucked up.
You can't put them on the peeps.
They're lethal there.
And, and, and if anything, they needed theirs, like to, to, to negate the power
play, cause you ended up taking that stupid penalty on a retaliatory incident.
Just can't, can't be happening.
You got to suck those up.
Uh, main me, another main storyline for me besides the just defensive effort by the Jets.
I mean, you talk about one shot in the third period against.
They only had six against in the second, so seven shots against in the final two periods.
But the other storyline is Alex Iafalo and Gabe Velardis out.
He's up on the first line.
I think he had six or seven points in like nine games playing on that first line
to finish the season. He ties it up.
Pretty cool story on the athletic by Murat Ates.
I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly.
Talks about Ayafalo's career a little bit.
He mentioned at the beginning of the article, like he came in the locker room
asking if anyone has a chainsaw.
They're like, uh, what he, he wanted to just get a chainsaw and cut a hole, um,
in some ice and then take an ice bath.
So he's a real, real sicko, I think, but an undrafted, undraft, he didn't end up
doing it, he didn't end up doing it.
He's an undrafted player, uh, played four years at Minnesota Duluth,
then had a really good run with the L.A. Kings, goes over to Winnipeg,
consistent like 15-goal guy, but he steps up.
He's stepping up in place of Velardi, and you imagine he'll be back on the fourth line
when Velardi comes back, but that's the Winnipeg depth, right?
They shoot him up, and I mean, the Jets are scary, dude.
They get Velarde back.
If they get Ehlers back, it's like, holy fuck.
And we talked in the previews, the third line,
Appleton Lowry forgetting the third guy on that line.
Oh, they got Tanev there.
Tanev, the turbo.
Turbo.
So, Jets, you get away with your MVP
and possibly the league MVP having a weak
game, you still win game one. That is exactly what you need. They picked
him up after he's picked him up all year. Incredible effort and the Jets are
laughing that they get that game one win. I still think though, I think we're going
to get a series out of this unless St. Louis really cannot get
offense going. In the first period they were fine. Robert Thomas, who had eight points in four
games in the regular season against the Jets, he gets a goal. He's been outstanding.
So if St. Louis can get offense going and not look like the second and third
period, we could get a series here, but that's a big if because the Jets are
just, they're a deep team. They come at you in waves and they got the best goal in the world.
So we'll see what happens.
I think I have followed and ended up signing a deal right before playoffs, too.
I think he got a nice three times three.
So he got a treat. Well deserved.
Good for him. Well deserved.
So that's that's what we got first so far in the first round.
Other news around the league.
So we had some firings.
We'll start.
We'll start in New York.
Walk the plank kind of like NFL style
right after the regular season ends.
You see Black Monday for those NFL
coaches. They're just gassed.
There's six or seven of them every
year. It seems like La Violette
walks the plank kind of crazy
since they hired David Quinn, it was
Gerard Gallant and then it was Peter La Violette. Both lasted two years. Both
took them to the Eastern Conference final, I believe, as well. Just a nightmare
season in New York. I mean, nothing went right. It was a disaster. From the get-go
in the summer, Barclay Goodrow put on waivers so he could end up getting sent over to San Jose
because he didn't want to get traded.
Apparently that pissed off the locker room.
Then you got the letter about Truba and Kreider.
Every player on the team, I think Fox, Kreider, Panarin, Trotek, they all had
years not as good as the year before.
I think it was kind of obvious that they were going to make a coaching change. You can't trade everyone and La Violette and Phil Housley get let go.
Well, the one comment where they asked if La Violette was going in the locker room after games and he said he stopped and he wasn't going.
Some players try to defend it where they said, well, that's common where the coach doesn't go in after a loss.
I don't know, just the way that it was said,
it just felt like there was a major disconnect between the coach
and its players.
And right now, it just feels like there's
a major disconnect throughout the entire organization.
I don't think anybody trusts management.
I think they feel that if they have a tough four- know, four month stretch that they're gonna be traded and sent away
They just asked a Benajat about it as he was cleaning out his locker and he says well
I know the contract that I have signed and they signed it as well and I got a no move clause
So I ain't fucking going anywhere. Well, are they gonna find a way to fucking shrivel him and get him out of town?
Well, they've done it with guys in the past and as Truba said, it's a rite of passage,
right?
Is that the comments you use?
Yeah.
Or it's a-
To get booed at MSG.
Yeah, it's a rite of passage to get chucked out the door by MSG.
So I just feel that it's gotten so cutthroat.
I feel like that today's day and age, it't be like that because the the inmates run the asylum so to speak and
These players are turning on on ownership and management. They've had enough. This is I think that yeah
I think it's brutal
I think that you can't buy championships anymore
And I think that for the first time in a long time
You're gonna see a team like New York not being able to get away with these types of antics.
It might even have fact hurt them getting free agents moving forward too.
And I don't think this is going to be a quick fix guys.
This is, this is not going to get nicer anytime soon.
So, uh, the fugazies are back.
Um, fuck them.
But what the coaching, the coaching carousel, I mean, in the NHL in general,
but in, in New York, it just like, I mean, like you just said, you got Turk who
took them to the Eastern conference finals and Labby it's like, they're
hiring these older guys and then firing them.
It's like, what, like you also have to have a coach that can come in and
kind of grow with guys a little bit.
Like you have guys signed locked up.
Like you need a guy that can kind of grow with them a little bit and go through a year
Oh, and once that instant gratification hands
I know but it's like I get it. It's New York like that
You need to be good. You need to be relevant every game
But you also you got to find a coat that it starts with finding a coach and do they have to go the younger route?
Or are they gonna bring in a guy like Joel Quinnville next year where it's like
the same Towards is I would do anything of bringing a guy like Joel Quinville next year where it's like kind of towards name thrown around towards his.
I would do anything if the Rangers and Brooks, he back at it.
Brooks, he just like sees the report coming, slams a stapler down his desk
at the New York Post.
He's a game on motherfucker. We're back.
I don't think that'll happen.
But Keith, you make a good point about if they hire a younger guy
and any team who's hiring a younger guy, like, will we ever see a team
hire a guy with a four or five year deal and be like, we're giving them
all four or five years?
Like we're playing this thing out.
Like maybe maybe you could say it and then pressure from fans and ownership.
And if you're losing, nope, got to fire him.
But like, yeah, can you actually bring a coach in and give him his full term, his full contract and see what happens?
I mean, I understand if after three years it's a complete disaster, but God, you got to like grow with these.
Yeah, the coach has got to grow with the team a little bit.
And I mean, two guys lasted two years each, both going to the Eastern Conference
finals one year. It's kind of shocking when you say it out loud.
So we'll see what happens in New York, man.
The other news. What do you think?
What do you think happens with Drury? What's his shelf life now?
I mean, how many more coaches coaching changes does he get?
Yeah, you wonder if this year, you know,
if they struggle again, if then,
I think Dolan is such a wild card
that like he can gas somebody on the spot
or he can keep somebody around.
Obviously he's a big Chris Drury fan
and there has been success.
Look at last season.
So all of a sudden, if you know,
if he's like the type of guy who could just,
something can happen that pisses him off
and boom, you're fired. So I don't know know but I think this offseason is gonna be enormous. What can they do? What can they bring in?
How is their prospect pool looking? I mean they have also heard that they I also heard they tried a nickel-and-dime
Shuster can where he was asking for 11-5 and they won 11 so they like
Yeah, that's normal in a negotiation.
You're going to drag it out and make it uncomfortable for your franchise
goaltender over half a million dollar AAV? Really? Make them happy.
Yeah, I don't know. Half a million bucks? When does a player ever tell you what he
wants? You say, okay, here you go. Like it's just negotiations. I mean, you don't think that Toronto went back to Matthews
one time when he gave what he wanted for the five year deal?
No, I actually think that they,
him and Judd fucking bent them over.
That's like. Yeah.
But I'm just saying like the team comes back with an offer.
He did it for five years,
they didn't even have to give him the full eight.
Well, and G writes in the chat here,
like this is the David Karl conversation,
where I think several teams will be calling him.
Anaheim would be awesome.
Anaheim, so that, it needs to say to Anaheim.
I wouldn't take the New York job,
you know, it's two years.
Neither would I, Keith.
And now we can go over to Anaheim,
Greg Cronin, Keith's boy,
Patty Yandle's puppet, as we can call him, fired.
21 point improvement from last year to this year.
And we had heard rumblings, guys.
I mean, there's no other way to put it.
Talking to players like they were not happy.
Biz mentions the inmates run the asylum.
Greg Cronin, an old school coach, he's been around the game forever.
Let go and kind of surprising, I think a lot of people thought with the
improvement and the prospects coming that he would have a chance to come back
next year. But no, Pat Verbeek, his guy, he hired him.
He makes a change. Verbeek comes out and says, I expect us to be in the playoffs next year.
This is the team.
If I'm David Carl, I'm going to.
And I think that the guys they have,
the younger players, Carlson, McTavish, Zellweger,
this fucking Jackson LeCombe is sick, sick.
We talked about him a couple weeks ago.
They have all these young guys. I know Kolorenstein long-term there. He's the, sick. We talked about him a couple weeks ago. They have all these young guys.
I know Colorenz signed long-term there.
He's the veteran presence.
David Carl should ask for a bag if they call him, which I imagine they will.
And Nat, if you want to give it a go in the NHL, you got a young team.
You're going to get a couple years, and you could go down to a beautiful place to live,
Southern California, and try
to make it as an NHL coach and we'll see what happens.
I think notoriously they don't pay a lot for their head coaches, so I don't know if the
money would be enticing enough, but the fact that you get to fly under the radar and it
obviously would seem like the type of place where they'd let him play out his plan where
he would get the three four or five years to
work with them and not a short shelf life, but
Yeah, boys, we've heard rumblings from from guys like and listen, you're not always gonna like your coach, right?
That's not that's not we're talking about here
But there also has to be our respect and it didn't feel like there was any respect right there was back and forth
It didn't feel like there was any respect right there was back and forth
So at a certain point you got to walk away from the situation because you don't want to stall the growth of all these young players that you have if
They're not respecting the coach so get a guy that they can see more to eye to eye with where they can slowly become true
professionals because if I'm looking at one of the youngest core groups in the league
This is probably the most impressed I am with with a young core group in
Anaheim and the talent that they have and they haven't even had that one kid
They just drafted third overall last year joining the mix and even mentioned Carter gothier
It's like and they have a bunch
And go to you had a tough start to this season
But I think he finished with just under 20 goals maybe or maybe he hit the 20 goal mark in the last few games. He looked really good at the end.
He looked really good in the last half of season. So he's settling nice. And it's,
yeah, it's, it's, it's going to be interesting to see who they end up hiring, but
Cronin out. And that was probably the obvious one. And Greg Cronin, go back to the 50s, 60s into the 80s, 90s, like he was like 90 of coaches.
That's how it was.
And it's changed.
And we've talked about this a million times.
And I also understand a guy who's been in the game that long, like not even not being
willing to change, but like, you just can't change.
Like you coach the way you coach.
It's really hard and it doesn't work anymore.
When you're treating guys like this and you got guys saying,
this is not the NHL right now with this guy, this is not how it is anymore,
that is kind of damning.
And he ends up being let go.
We'll see what happens with Anaheim, but that's going to be an interesting hire.
And whoever gets hired is going to be an interesting hire.
And whoever gets hired is going to be fired up because of the young core we're talking
about there.
That kind of wraps it up.
My last thing I wanted to mention was Rasmus Anderson at the exit meetings for Calgary
mentioned in that playoff push, they didn't trade him.
In that playoff push, the final 12 games, he played with a broken fibula.
So, like, animal shit by him there.
Awesome player. Has to be re-signed.
I would assume after not trading him, you'd want to re-sign him.
I don't know how that'll go down, but a couple of stick taps for that guy,
battling through the final month of the year with a broken leg,
and playing great. And Calgary came up just short.
So I don't know if you guys have anything else.
We got a crazy, crazy Monday night.
We got four games.
It's wild that Florida and Tampa,
they don't even start till Tuesday.
I know.
But that's great for the Panthers
and getting those guys back from injury.
Reminder, playoff schedule, Wednesday noon,
live on our YouTube channel, Game Notes, and
we will be back to you Friday, hopefully by noon.
Same thing, 8 a.m. We'll be getting together, 8 a.m. Eastern, Biz, 5 a.m. your time.
Yes, sir.
That's it.
That's it, boys.
Anything else?
Go Leafs, go, baby.
And the Oilers, baby.
Tonight, 10 o'clock Eastern.
Do the stanky leg.
Seven o'clock LA. Do the stanky leg. The Edmonton Oilers. tonight 10 o'clock Eastern do the stanky leg 7 o'clock LA do the stanky leg
the Edmonton Oilers nobody believes in you peace I don't know any other way
This feeling is so hard to break
I'll get you some new
