Hey, spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Me and Ryan have been officially welcomed to the jungle that is basketball sports.
Our white whale, Sidney Crosby!
Shave his head! Shave his head! Shave his head!
Ryan Whitney, Paul Bissonnette, R.A., Mike Grinelli,
Spitton, Chick Lens!
Whoa!
What is up, folks?
We are back again after day six of the Stanley Cup Playoffs,
and one man on this show is very happy.
It disgusts me to say, and I upset and Myrles is upset and I don't know where
Yan stands, but what is going on?
Welcome to episode 557 presented by Pink Whitney.
There are many fan bases crushing Pink Whitney.
Happy, joyful, enjoying the Stanley Cup playoffs.
And then there are many fan bases drinking Pink Whitney out of depression.
We stink again, we're not gonna win the Cup.
But either way, Pink Whitney's involved.
And we wanna thank everyone who drinks,
we wanna thank everyone who listens,
and we wanna tell anyone who's never tried Pink Whitney
to go give it a shot.
It's spring, summer's on the way,
and we're in the middle of the Stanley Cup playoffs.
And I can't believe it, we're joined by a Hall of Famer.
Nope, not Chris Pronger, that'll be a little bit.
We're joined by Murr, the first Hall of Famer in Chicklet's history and for sure probably
the last.
Yeah, pretty cool honor.
New York State Hockey Hall of Fame.
People will be like, what the hell are they talking about?
Murrls?
He can't be Hall of Fame, but I was a good youth hockey player.
I was a great junior player.
I did pretty well in college, all in the state of New York.
And one year for the Albany River Rats in New York,
where I probably had my best season ever.
It might've helped I had Keith O'Coyne as my center.
But yeah, really cool honor.
And Whit, you'll be happy to know.
I think it's on Sunday, July July 13th Saratoga opens on Thursday
July 10th.
Oh yeah.
This is your dream.
Oh my god.
Nice little weekend here in Troy.
The problem now is if the track opens Thursday and your um uh your hall of fame ceremony
Sunday they're like this is the first hall of fame where they can't speak.
He's got no voice from the first three days of the track.
He's got Vegas voice.
He's got Saratoga voice.
But congratulations, Mer, it's awesome.
Always been a great friend and an amazing player.
What does one have to do playing minor hockey
in the state of New York to get in the Hall of Fame?
What kind of numbers were you putting up
in order to get in there?
A gamble.
Right now, yeah.
Well, I had Tim Conley tried to send the tribute video.
Didn't get to G in time for our game notes,
but he was talking on there.
He's like, I gotta let everybody know.
Yeah, me and you played together for nine years,
but you were always the best player.
And he goes, you're the all time leading scorer
in Syracuse Stars history.
So numbers like that.
It goes a lot to my father too.
My father, he started
the Uncle Sam's hockey program that had travel teams, AAA, high school club, high school
league, summer clinic. So Uncle Sam's was big back in the day in New York hockey. So
it's more of a family award, I would say.
I love it.
Very humble. Like he didn't mention any numbers, like 50 goals a year. Like what were you putting
up with the hundreds? We're talking 100 goals a year.
I had 96 one year in midgets, I think.
96 goals.
So you were the Wayne Gretzky of the Syracuse Stars.
Maybe like 70 games or something like that.
Yeah, I was a stud.
I was a stud.
We used to play this team New Hartford.
And you know in the States you'd have your sectionals
to get to see who goes to States?
The Nationals, you mean?
And there was only one team.
This is in the State before you get to nationals and we play this team New Harford
They were there were all right a couple decent players, but our coach Don Kernan would tell us to blackjack him
He's like go out and blackjack them the night Matty like win 21 nothing and I remember Ryan Kessler coached you
And I remember one game I had nine goals and seven assists. Oh my.
So you're the one guy on this pod that knows how it feels to be like a McDavid like player.
Like what McDavid is doing in the NHL, you did in minor hockey, which is still amazing
to do. I've never had that feeling.
Kind of in a different way though. Like Conley was kind of that guy and he was playing up,
but he was the guy going through everybody. And I just I was just going to the mixer I was going to the mixer put my stick down
and and they always said like the way I just shot it always found the net it was uh it was uh
something lucky and murals don't don't um don't not include the fact all-american at RPI like
that's that's I wasn't an all-american uh Yandel, the other Yandel was, I believe,
a two-time All-American, but congrats, Murr.
It's awesome and very happy for you.
And what I will say about this podcast
is we've been doing this for years now, years.
And throughout all of the playoffs,
specifically the last three years,
I've been to be, I've been the guy that's happy,
the guy that's bragging, the guy that's just been able to just look at this idiot
I do the podcast with, this guy Paul Bissonnette,
this global superstar, TNT, face of everything,
and I've been like, you stink, your team stinks,
my team's great, you're going down, I'm going up.
Everything's changed, everything's changed.
I can't mess right now. I'm lost,, everything's changed. Everything's changed. I can't mess right now.
I'm lost.
You can't mess.
I drew that frigging picture of you
and your huge baked potato nose.
The Mona Lisa?
With the bloodshot eyes and that thing
and my son might lead you to a Stanley Cup.
Yeah, we're gonna call it the Porn-a-Lisa.
That's gonna be its new name.
That is just incredible. I look forward to posting that every time the
Leafs pull off a W but go ahead with my last thing. Okay. And
I'm gonna let you take over. No, no. And you're happy as a
clam. We're just like the Leafs power play buddy. We're
snapping around here. It's not just one guy. It's goaltending.
I can't get it done. It's the core for the bottom six. But I
haven't thrown it to you yet.
I feel so bad.
And just for Ottawa Senators fans,
and it's not because you're down 3-0,
and it's not because the last two went to OT.
You're the only fan base in the league.
There's 32 teams.
You're the only one that the Toronto Maple Leafs own.
They can talk shit to you.
They can ridicule you.
They can make fun of you.
And nobody else can take it from Toronto.
But somehow, you're the only team that Toronto can be like,
oh, no, no, no, little brother.
You go back to Ottawa where there's no night life
and nothing to do.
And every time we play in the play,
you guys, it's crazy, like the Ottawa Senators
are owned by the Leafs.
How do you even say that, not laugh?
It's been a great three games, okay?
We're not gonna get ahead of ourselves.
Oh yeah, you haven't done that at all.
What do you mean?
I can't celebrate wins?
No, you can't.
Is that not okay?
The job's not done, that's why I keep tweeting out
and saying step on their throats.
We gotta end this thing in four.
We gotta give them no life.
But everything to this point has worked out
in the Toronto Maple Leafs' favor.
They're playing unbelievable.
They're getting it done as a group.
I can't even just pinpoint one thing.
Obviously we could start with goaltending.
It seems like they finally found their guy and stole ours.
Three and oh right now, it's like a nine thirty maybe over that save percentage. He's made the big key saves
I would say the the biggest surprise has been the contributions from the back end
Like not only in game one
But fucking some old Ben Wah with that draw pass to Max Domi for that ot winner and then to get the winner in game
Three off that fucking face off with that draw pass to Max Domi for that OT winner and then to get the winner in game three
off that fucking face off, incredible, incredible.
So everybody on the back end, elevating their play.
Obviously we discussed Morgan Riley
in that first pod to kick off playoffs.
Oliver looks awesome.
Tanev wet blanket shutting everybody down.
So I said, coming into playoffs,
this is the best back end they've had
in a very, very, very long time.
That was even just talking defensively.
They have not only met up to those expectations,
but they've exceeded them so far.
Keep in mind, we're three fucking games in though, okay?
I still think the Leafs have not played their best hockey.
I don't think they've been at the top of their game
the last two games.
Can we all agree on that? I thought for the last two games...
Yeah, Ottawa's controlled a lot of the game the last two games. I mean...
I would say four of the six periods, Yans, that Ottawa controlled. Maybe
a lot of perimeter action in the offensive zone. I still believe that
Toronto's done a good job on the inside, boxing out, allowing Stollers to see most of it.
But yeah, Ottawa's not dead yet.
There is a little bit of life there.
No, they're dead, they're dead.
There's a little life there.
There's a little heartbeat, Yance,
but they've played pretty solid the last two games.
I think it all started when,
I think somewhere in the Toronto organization
has been stealing Giroud's cars,
and this is how they just started being just sunning them
from the beginning of the year.
They went early.
It's been since training camp, they'd just been sunning them.
It might be Benoit.
I don't know the guy's habits.
I don't know what he does off-ice if he's jacking cars on the side,
but he's playing out of his mind.
You know what I love about this is the Morgan Reilly, you look at the last two years, people like, we got to get Morgan
Riley art here, he's done.
And we don't want them anymore.
Guys, the grass isn't greener.
Sometimes a guy that you have that is used to playing there,
that knows how to play there.
He'll figure it out in the playoffs.
He'll figure it out when you need him.
And he's done it.
He's been unbelievable there back in it.
Hasn't looked this good since JLo had a concert at fucking
the Air Canada Center in 1997.
But it's, I love the way that they're playing.
She's still fucking bad though.
I know.
She looks, I would fucking suck a fuck.
Even my wife's like, I don't get it.
Like she's like 60 almost.
I'd suck a fart out of her asshole.
Miss, miss, miss.
Sorry, sorry.
Kid show. Well she's single now, isn't she? I don't know fart out of her asshole. Miss, miss, miss. Sorry, sorry. Good show.
Well she's single now, isn't she?
I don't know.
Yeah, DM her.
Yeah, done.
Already done it.
Morales, let me ask you, because you've kind of,
I feel like you root for the Leafs.
I feel like you like them and you want to see them do well.
You got the Chiclet Leaf colors, colored lid on right now.
Well, Collie used to play this.
And Yans, I love that gray one.
What are you seeing, what excites you
as kind of a Quasi-Leafs fan most
about this team's possible path to the Cup
for the first time since 1967?
Yeah, you're 100 right.
I don't root against them.
I'm not a diehard.
I don't have Maple Leafs panties on or anything like that.
But going back to Yans talking about Riley,
I think the biggest thing for him
is he's not the PP1D man.
And that, that was like, that wasn't like hurting him.
He had to worry about that.
It was taking pressure and minutes from him.
Now they've gone with the five forwards.
He gets to sit back, concentrate on his own game.
Doesn't have to worry about the big studs yelling at him, give it to me.
No, give it to me.
Give it to me.
He's just focused on his game, playing his minutes.
And I think that's one of the biggest differences
in the Maple Leafs whole game is that now he's focused on that
and the power play is ridiculous.
Murls, please don't mention the five forward power play unit
with Scott PTSD from LA doing it to the Edmonton Oilers,
which we'll get to in a little bit.
We'll get to that later, dude.
I, I, yeah.
Um.
The secondary scoring for them right now is, is so key.
Like, they haven't had that in the last four years,
just contribution.
You get Max Stone, we score in overtime the other night.
Benoit, like, the secondary scoring that they have,
they haven't had since probably 1967, right, Biz?
I'll tell you this.
You know what?
This series actually reminds me a lot of the one against Tampa.
Was it two years ago?
When they won.
When they won, where I feel like Tampa, from a puck possession
and play standpoint, they were pretty solid.
I mean, the series could have went either way.
It ended up ending in, I believe five games.
Six. I thought that Tavara scored.
Was it six games? Okay. But, but, but, but,
but Toronto was just seemed to get a lot through.
They were getting timely scoring and once again,
Morgan Riley had a big series then as well. Um,
do you guys want to talk about flipping it over to Ottawa? Like,
they do look like the
playoff virgins though, like some of the mistakes that they're making, like if you go back to
game two, like Batherson, like kind of the soft play to the middle in the offensive zone,
which leads to Benoit picking it off and going the other way and then over back checking,
not getting a piece of Domi with a hit on the way back, considering it was your turnover.
So it just looked a little sloppy there where,
hey listen, like this team does have a bright future.
They do have a lot of game breakers and bright young stars,
but there's just, this looks like the Leafs did,
you know, four or five years ago.
Just very raw.
They need a lot of work to be done
and some holes to be filled. And including, I mean, like, as good as Allmark was
towards the end of the year, boys,
like, he just, like, he kind of is getting
the Hellebuck title where he's turning
into a pumpkin come playoffs.
The numbers are the numbers, right?
The numbers are the numbers.
Yeah, but, if you look at the,
did Nice get credit for the one
that went in off the skate last night?
Yeah, he did.
So that's like nothing he can really do there. The overtime winner's just like a great guy. If you look at the, did Nice get credit for the one that went in off the skate last night?
Yeah, he did.
So that's like nothing he can really do there.
The overtime winner is just like a rocket with a great screen by Matthews.
And talking about Matthews quickly, that guy, 200 foot player is like game three was a clinic.
That had to be one of the best playoff games he's ever played.
He was everywhere. He wins the be one of the best playoff games he's ever played. He was everywhere.
He wins the face off on the winning goal.
He scores a beauty off.
One of the grossest passes that I've ever seen.
Like for Marner, so Marner's getting that puck
behind the net.
The puck's on the way.
He's already looking.
I tweeted he knows exactly what he's gonna do
with the puck before he gets it.
Like that's probably his number one superpower is that he never needs time to think, oh I gotta the puck before he gets it. That's probably his number one superpower,
is that he never needs time to think,
oh, I gotta do this when he gets it.
He's like, nope, I know, when I get this thing,
I'm moving it, I'm skating with it,
and he just gives this beautiful pass.
Where he actually has to lift up his own leg
to get it to Matthews, but he's in the right spot.
No, that was him pissing on Omar while he was doing it.
He was doing a little dog piss with the leg raise.
But piss, let me say quick.
It kind of reminded me a little bit of the Four Nations goal
where he'd already had his mind made up
before he got the puck, right?
Yeah.
He's so good along the wall in those areas,
but to go back quickly to what you said,
and Pablo, he needed a performance like that.
That was a huge goal for him,
and they're just collecting a little bit of confidence,
little by little, little by little,
because they're going to have a heck of a ride here, boys.
But what were you going to say, Whit?
What I was going to say was, as the guy who
has to hold down the fort for everyone listening,
who despises the team on the hat you're wearing,
this team who hasn't accomplished anything in 50
years, this is what you get from winning your division.
So credit to them.
You get you get the eight seed, the seventh seed, right?
You don't have to deal with a top team from your division.
And next round. Yeah, I mean, it looks like it's going to be the Panthers.
We'll get into that later.
But this is what you get from having the great regular season.
You mentioned Ottawa has a bright future.
I really believe that. but this was no match.
And I hope there would be a match.
I think I picked seven games, but Toronto is a better team.
They're deeper and you are able to get through
the first round and it's not over,
but you're able to get through the first round with ease.
The Bobby Ho leak message, take advantage of the weaker teams,
take advantage of not having to go to six or seven,
and Toronto finally did it this year.
They didn't have to have a first round
slattles on them.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
don't try to fucking jinx us.
Hey listen, they gotta play a full 16 minutes
and close this thing out, and do exactly what you're saying
and not waste any energy, right?
I feel like the last couple.
But you agree with me, right?
They finally didn't have to get Boston or Florida
or Tampa in the first round, right?
Like they.
I was fucking screaming from the mountaintops
when they lost to San Jose twice in the last like 20 games
of the season when they didn't win those games.
I understood how important it was to win the Atlantic.
Because listen, the way that Tampa was playing
towards the end of the season, I didn't want to play them.
And obviously I didn't want to play Florida in the first round that would have been way too much
Of a mental hurdle this I don't want to obviously the Leafs have been a little bit fragile in the past
When you finally end up making your run a few things have to happen along the way including
gaining a shit ton of confidence and having
Everybody healthy and ready to go come round too.
The only, I guess, nitpick, I think he's been solid.
He's obviously had some points.
Kneelander.
Was it?
Why are you dogging him?
I was gonna ask you.
I saw your Twitter.
Well, okay, so he misses the breakaway
and then he's smiling about it.
Okay, whatever.
Okay, not crazy about that.
Okay, laughing off.
You're nitpicking there, nitpicking a little there, but go ahead. That's nitpicking, okay, not crazy about that, okay? Okay, laugh it off. If you're nitpicking there,
nitpicking a little there, but go ahead.
That's nitpicking, okay?
What's not nitpicking is the next period
where they have, I believe it was a four on four situation
where Nies ended up getting the penalty
at the end of the period.
So Ottawa's gonna go on the power play
after let's say 30 seconds to open up the second period.
Well, Nylander's starting the period period so he has to know that, right? You got to
know once I have this puck and we're around here for 20-30 seconds they're
gonna have a guy coming out of the box. Well, what's he do? He turns it over in
the offensive zone instead of just going to the corner and maybe eating a little
bit more clock, getting healthy guys or fresh fresh guys on the ice, and then changing
when he loses that puck battle.
No, he turns it over, and then he trips an Ottawa Senator.
They go on the fucking power play five on three,
and then they score that fucking goal.
Like, that's not fucking using your brain.
Turn your fucking brain on.
Clock management.
Listen, we could praise his points and his scoring ability
and his dynamic offensive play,
but like bro, if I'm fucking paying you 11 million bucks,
I'm expecting all of it.
Like you're not fucking the dog with the puck in the Ozone
with that game management situation going on.
Am I crazy here?
You guys are fucking smoking at me.
Yeah, he stuck out his knee.
He stuck out his knee instead of just-
He tripped the guy.
At that point, just change.
Bro, they've shot themselves in the foot
a few times this series so far.
There's a reason that Nick Robertson wasn't in the lineup.
It's because he took a fucking pedalee 200 feet from his net
when they had the game in full control in game two.
That's how they ended up fucking tying it in game two.
Well, insert patch already, bye bye Robertson.
I'm gonna hold fucking Nylander to the same standard.
Like, bro, you missed your breakaway,
smiled about it, fine, don't care.
But don't fucking do what you did at the beginning
of the second to cost us a goal
because you had horrible puck management.
I ain't fucking playing games, man.
I'm trying to win Stanley Cup here.
I fucking love it, Biz.
This is a demanding fan.
This is unbelievable.
Murl, and that's what the coach is definitely saying.
Yeah, you're getting away with it against the Ottawa Senators,
but you're not going to get away with it
against the Florida Panthers in the next round.
That's what I'm saying, Murr.
Thank you so much.
You're trying to create these habits.
And that's why I'm like, the last two games, I'm like,
well, you kind of took three to maybe four periods off
where Ottawa controlled the play.
Do you understand that these lapses in time
as you move forward in playoffs cannot exist?
And you saw, you see Florida play, it doesn't happen.
And if it does for a couple shifts,
they're able to turn it back.
Leafs, they fall into these,
they fall asleep a little bit sometimes,
and it pisses me off.
So they can't afford to be doing that and creating these bad habits but Muros like
you said if I was the coach I would literally pull the video up in the room
with the laser pointer and I would say fuck you fuck you that's you know better
than this there's a reason that you got 11 sheets hitting your fucking wire or
getting wired over every year.
I think because you-
Biz, he's keeping coaches accountable on the bench.
You know he's keeping the guys accountable
in the fucking locker room.
Yeah, well why don't you mention that?
This is why you need a guy like Chief at this time of year.
This is why you bring him in, Biz.
I fucking love it.
So for the people who might not understand
what you're talking about,
do you want to bring up the situation with Savard?
Yeah, so Savard, it was the, you know,
they get a big goal, Savard,
it's his first year there, right?
He was...
Yeah, and he's helped out big time with the power play.
So this was in game two,
where I think they scored a power play goal pretty early.
No, it was game one.
It was game one.
Oh, okay, so it was game one, all right.
And Mark Savard, one of the all-time best power play guys
that I remember, like, he was unbelievable, could dish the puck time best power play guys that I remember, he was unbelievable,
could dish the puck, so he's really helped them out.
But if he scored game one, he gets a little too excited, jumps on the bench where the
players are sitting and you look over and Chief, the killer that he is, is like, hey,
we don't do that shit, sit the fuck down.
Oh, the look, it was just the look.
And Savard immediately was like, and then they showed a clip game two
of the first goal for Toronto.
That's where it was.
And Savard just stands back.
He's like, he kind of jolted a little bit
and then he like fixed his blazer and looked over
and he was like, oh fuck it.
It was like a dab.
And then Chief was asked about it and he's like,
yeah, we ask our players to have composure
and stay calm throughout.
So like, it's no different for us.
Murls, I talked to Ryan Caldwell, good buddy of ours. He works for the Winnipeg Jets. He lives
outside Ottawa. He was at the game, game three on Monday, sorry, excuse me, Thursday night.
He was saying, man, I kind of wish the refs would kind of put the arms down a little bit. It seems,
at least to him and me watching, guys are like, maybe like missing a hit or
getting knocked over and boom, it's like arm up for a trip.
I don't know if you saw the same thing, but him being in the building made me appreciate
what he was saying even more.
Yeah, I feel like the whole playoffs has kind of been like that.
It's gotten a little soft.
The playoffs always used to be, all right, we're going to only call the major stuff,
the scoring chances, and kind of hold the guys
to a higher standard, I would say,
but you're probably talking about the Stutzel one,
because he kind of like makes a move,
and he does get caught a little bit,
but what you think was gonna happen,
there was only one outcome when you did that move,
that you're gonna go down, and I saw the stat
that he drew the most penalties ever in a season tied with Nazeem Qadri this
season so I know he's a friend of the program and you guys asked him about the
diving and soccer and everything but I think there's a little embellishment
going on up there. And boys I think if we're gonna shift it back over to Ottawa
for a little tire pump Brady Kachuk it feels like like he's not playing a hundred percent, just a twisted
wrist or inside the blue line.
Huge goal to put them into overtime.
But, uh, yeah, just couldn't get the big save.
And, um, obviously Matthew Nyes, we haven't really talked about him much.
Uh, this pod he's been just a fucking beast, man, beyond his years.
Uh, I think he's going to get a big ticket.
I'm praying he doesn't get off.
I, I, I think that they're going to give a big ticket. I'm praying he doesn't get off a sheet. I think that
they're going to give him what they need to give him at this point, especially if this keeps going
throughout playoffs. We're looking at probably eight and a half for an eight year deal. And you
might think I'm crazy for saying that it's going to be more, but you can suck my cock.
Last thing on the Leafs for me, and you mentioned the defense, but
Last thing on the leafs for me, and you mentioned the defense, but they kind of figured out exactly what they wanted to do with just big bodies, man. They're all back there and none of them besides,
I'd say Riley, maybe Ekman Larsson at times is a lead at breaking the puck out, but they're almost
like, all right, we're not worried as much about that
because we're gonna clear in front of our own net,
we're gonna try to have really good gaps,
and basically just suffocate you down low.
And you've seen like Benoit, like,
BXO was on TV saying, it's like,
he's the perfect number six dude.
And he's playing way better than a number six,
just a monster that moves pretty well,
he's mean, he's big, six, just a monster that moves pretty well, he's mean,
he's big, and they have a bunch of those guys.
That Carlo trade, probably not mentioned enough,
but just another one of those guys, right?
McCabe is kind of similar to Carlo,
maybe a little more physical,
but you know exactly what you're getting,
and there's gonna be a lot of chip off the window and out,
but it's like, who cares?
Because we're gonna be battling down low so hard,
these guys are not gonna get inside us on the offensive
side in front of Stollarts. Yeah, no just kind of like the Scottie Lawton trade
the Carlo one like opening day of playoffs you're like fucking thank God
we made this move man this is this is huge he's looked great too Scottie
Lawton's played three solid games and wait I'll hand it over to you because I
think we're moving on from this series it's not over yet I'm
praying to leave stores any love oh yeah okay the whole reason we're up three
nothing collected and it's time for me it's time for me to basically do
something I haven't had to do over the past few years as the Oilers have kind
of had success at the Western Conference final, then they lose second round, then they go cup final,
almost legendary comeback. And with this season, yes, it's been a different feeling.
But before we get to them, we're going to bring in a man who was there quickly,
but one of the greatest Oilers defensemen in all time, a Hall of Famer and a guy
that's been all over Twitter lately, given his takes, watching a ton of hockey,
that is Chris motherfucking Prong.
Dum dum dum dum.
There he is.
There he is.
Prongs, what's going on?
Thank you so much for joining the show.
I'm about to get embarrassed, but what are you seeing?
Like, you're in LA, I gotta give them credit.
They're fast, they're all over the place.
They went to the five forward power play unit, but the Oilers man, holy shit.
This is ugly.
They're schooling them right now.
When they get in their own zone, it's men don't break, but they, they find stops
quickly.
They're an offensive core.
I've been pretty impressed with, with how quickly they're able to.
Corral McDavid and dry saddle.
Yeah, they've got some in zone time and they're kind of doing what they do, but
it's always on the perimeter.
It's on the outside.
Uh, they'll, they'll give it back to the point a little bit, but, uh, the
defensive core with Edmonton is having a tough, uh, a tough playoff round so far.
And then when they get on the attack, man, they drive the net hard.
They funnel everything to the net.
They're going with a purpose.
And, uh, I think it's making Skinner and maybe Pickard, uh, who, who knows
who's going to start in the third game, but a little uncomfortable he looks like.
He doesn't look like he's set and out in the top and comfortable.
They're driving the back post.
They're driving to the front of the net really hard.
Well, I'm glad you brought it there. Like you make it more about goaltending or the way that
they're defending right now. Cause I just look at the way, even like the way that they're D play in
the offensive zone where sometimes I feel like they're, they're congesting things a little too
much where maybe they're trying to be an option, but where I feel they just need to simplify and
worry about playing defense and not getting beaten. I mean saw the other night like they were they were down one nothing and they got forwards blowing the zone and
Darnell nurses maybe getting caught a little too far not protecting the middle like I feel like these are like
Uncharacteristic breakdowns for a team that went to game seven of the Stanley Cup finals last year and who's beat LA the last three years
I break it down like this. What's the first rule of Fight Club?
What's the first rule in defense?
Defend.
And they have not defended very well
and they make high risk plays all the time.
Go back to game one, it's five, five.
They are humming.
And Bouchard just kind of lazily,
Ock gets by him, he just kind of, kind of, and all of a sudden, yes, was it an egregious, terrible goal?
Yes.
But it didn't have to get that far.
It didn't even have to get the zone.
And it just, at times they just make these bonehead defensive play.
Last game nurse goes up the wall for no reason.
I feel comes in behind him and then Bouchard is covering the front of the net.
There's a guy over on the bat, not even the back door, but he was the left hand shot.
He wasn't even a one-time option.
It was not even a one-time, you can't let a guy come in on his off way on a breakaway.
You're covering Casper the ghost over there.
He's going to have to stop it, dust it off and then shoot it.
That shouldn't give your goalie enough time. You're saying as a defenseman though, you would have already looked over and know that he was-
100. You know who it is. First off, you got to know who you're on the ice with. You already know,
you've been in the zone long enough, you should know who that is. You know what hand they shoot.
You know if it's a good player or not. You should already know all these things. You
should be able to process stuff like that.
To be fair, I didn't even know what hand my linemate shot,
so I was just asking Hall of Famer.
Well, that's-
Yance, you can attest to that.
That's kind of what I was bringing up.
This was like on Twitter.
It was like, people were like,
you can't blame Bouchard there.
No, and it's not at all Bouchard.
Leon was the only guy who made the right play.
He went in and hammered Gavrikov,
and then Nersh is standing there,
and it looks like he was almost looking to see
if Gavrikov was gonna punch Leon,
and like stand in there to almost back him up
for a possible fight or something, I don't know.
All of a sudden, Bifield swoops in.
My thing with Bouchard was, and Prongs, you just said it,
yeah, it's a two on one.
So you're kind of taking away the past, but at some point.
Like it's like, all right, I got to go to the guy.
Like once he walks in that close, like at least a stick check or something.
And he's just, by the way, he's not, that's not Patrick Juan net.
You know, Patrick Wall used to always say, take the back door.
I have the shooter.
That's Stuart skitter.
It's not Patrick Waugh.
So, if you're a boot shirt,
maybe you come across and you slide.
And take that pass away and not allow him to walk right in.
Wow, they've had a lot of issues sliding too.
Yeah, that's what I was gonna ask about the other slide.
I would have slid there probably.
I remember playing some defense,
and you guys will know better.
Instead of just long- bodying straight down,
aren't you supposed to kind of like long body and take his space away?
And it didn't look like nurse did that at all.
You would, you would have needed to come across.
Well, if Bushar would have been the one sliding,
he would have been coming across and in and up to take away time and space and
to take away the path.
Yeah. I was talking on the nurse, the earlier goal too,
where he kind of laid down and went under escape.
Well, Mo, in fairness, they've given up 12 goals.
Yeah, so yeah, it's getting confusing.
They've given up 12 goals.
We can pick the deal apart all we want,
but the guys got to mix in a couple saves.
And yes, and Skinner,
Oilers fans, what I'm sensing,
it's like they're just beyond done with Skinner.
And we've been saying we need goaltending help and all year you did nothing.
And Skinner has not been good.
The numbers, I think his career playoff numbers are near the bottom of the history of the
league.
But it's not just him.
I will say right now, it's not even the biggest problem.
Yes, he's not an elite goalie, but they are playing so bad. They are giving LA everything they have like they're turning it over
They're letting Kempy and byfield. I mean the goals they have they're walking in
Nobody near him for three seconds and then obviously like these guys are picking corners
Yes, you would expect once in a while a big save to be made
But I think Oilers fans should almost realize like like, this is not all on Skinner.
He's getting left out to drive.
They put in Picard, and what happens?
You see another Kempy walk down with nobody near him,
and he picks a corner.
So it's just horrible hockey so far.
Horrible.
Prongs, have you ever played in an away building
where they had an anthem that essentially hypnotized
the away team, like you've seen in this series?
Because we could talk about the bad defense
from the Oilers, we could talk about how electric
the power play's been for LA,
how good their neutral zone's been,
obviously Darcy Kemper, but it all comes down
to the harmonica version of the Star Spangled Banner
at this point.
So if I'm going off of that, should the Oilers
break out the accordion?
Ooh.
That's not bad, actually.
What do we think?
Wouldn't that be nice?
That's not bad.
And get a community center of old people.
I don't know how many Koreans are in Edmonton,
but get an old community center, pumping the harmonica.
Biz, right away when the harmonica started,
I said, I go, this ain't good.
I knew, I was like, this is scaring the shit out of me.
So there's also a little history involved here too.
So I was shocked to see that they would have launched
this first game of playoffs,
but apparently they did so in the regular season
where they played in a game against Boston
where they kicked things off.
And LA that game put up seven or eight goals.
So they put up seven.
So over the course of three games with the Harmonica ladies,
they've scored 19 goals.
This is like, they're putting a trance on the opposition they before game two they pumped them all
with tortle new Kate Smith from Philadelphia do you think there's a
problems I got one for you it's like I don't see any confidence in the oilers I
know LA's been really good at home but it's not like one of those,
it doesn't look like one of those series like, all right, hey, we lost those
two games, we'll be fine at home.
Like to me, they look like they're a little bit wounded.
Or do you think that they can go home and rattle a couple off and feel
good about themselves playing on home ice, get away from the harmonica
and play their game at home?
It's, it's been a long year.
They've had a lot of injuries.
They know from losing game seven of Stanley cup, trying to come back, trying
to do all the off season changes, all the, the offer sheet stuff, the new players,
the, you know, poor nations, all the stuff that's kind of got on.
And then when you look at kind of where they're at, I don't look at that
series being down to nothing the same way I see St.
Louis and Winnipeg.
Both those games in Winnipeg were close.
They were, they could have gone either way.
This one, they've been dominated outside of that little stretch in the third, where
they came out of that massive comeback in the first game, they've been dominated.
And, and prongs, I'll say before we go on, because I'm very interested to hear about st. Louis
I think you were at the game last night the announcers said but yeah, let's go into LA
They've been incredible. Everything's working for them, but I'm interested in your opinion on Doughty where he's a Hall of Fame player
He's ran that power play for 15 years and they went to him and they said, you know, listen
We're going with five forwards. Like that never happened to you, but would that be something really difficult to take
or is that more, Hey, on the back nine of my career, I'm willing to do anything that
needs to be done to get our power play a little better and I don't have to be on it.
Yeah.
And I think it also gives him less minutes.
You know, he's not up to three, 28, 30 minutes.
You know, he's coming off the ankle injury, uh, you know, just trying to get himself back in a form.
Obviously has had a good stretch now.
Uh, but Newell Brown, their, their power play guy is, you know, you look at what he's done in the teens where he's been, you know, he was with us in adaheim in Vancouver.
When he was there, they had a really good power play.
The unit, so Phoenix. So he's really sharp and doubt he's on the second power play.
You know, with those five don't get it done.
He's coming right up to run that second PP.
So it's not like he's not even getting minutes with how quickly they're scoring.
They, they don't really get a chance to get to them, but I think for him, as you said, been there,
done that, won two cups.
I think he just wants to get a chance to win and can see what they've been doing.
They've been zipping that thing around and Kuzmanko has been a great addition to that.
Another thing that's been an issue with Edmonton prongs is discipline, right?
We've seen some plays where it's just unnecessary penalties.
And while some of them could be considered weaker calls, there's just no need to be
doing some of the stuff that, that, that they've been doing, trying to battle back
into every game too.
Well, and especially when their PK has been as suspect as it has thus far. Horrible. You keep giving LA's power play, which is ripping it around at a pretty solid clip.
The fewer chances you give them, the better.
And so, you know, the Henry penalty, the other, the other game, just egregious.
You're clawing yourself back in and then you're, you're kicking yourself in the foot right off
the gate. It's, you know, I think they need to get their veteran guys to lead by example get the younger guys uh
the less experienced guys to understand what it's going to take to to be successful and win
the henrik play he he had just thrown a great hit on byfield and you're down two goals like that's
all you needed to do and then you grab them by the head it's just and what's upsetting to me biz
before you go ahead is game one i think it was one of the greatest games McDavid's ever played.
Like I he was when he got on the ice, it was like, oh my God, he's going to get it and
they're going to get a chance. A goal and three assists. And like I said, oh, they might
win this in regulation and four seconds later, go ahead, go ahead.
You're pretty notorious for being vocal in the locker room and saying what needs
to be said and not sugar coating it.
Like what would you have said in that locker room after game two?
Would you have gone in there or maybe you would have addressed it sooner?
No, I, I, not much needs to be said to be honest with you.
They were terrible.
And much like St. Louis last night, all they have to do is
hold serve at home. So they need to play well at home. They need to get their two games. Then they
got to look to just win one road game. If they can take care of home ice, it doesn't matter when
you get the road win, whether it's game one, game two, game five, or game seven, it doesn't matter.
They're going to have to win one on the road to come out of this series and then obviously move on in the other one. So
I wouldn't be too worried about it in that sense. I would just be worried about how they're playing
just that they're very porous. They don't, they're not, the front of the net is not theirs.
I can tell you that LA owns the front of their net. They're manhandling them.
They're doing whatever they want.
Uh, they're getting second, third, fourth opportunities.
They're getting backdoor tap ins.
They're getting partial breakaways from the dot in.
Like it just sits, uh, if I, if I'm the all copy or knob blocker, whoever,
I'm just looking at that.
How can we tighten this up to allow Calvin Pickard
or if they go back as to what's going to just a little bit of health factor.
I also feel like LA is owning the neutral zone. It seems like their plan is, is like
they won't even send that F three, that high forward in the offensive zone. Even if they
got back pressure, they tend to just back up and they don't want any east-west play.
They're trying to direct them to the same wall and eventually get a dump in where they're
going to handle business from there. So how would you look to combat that if you're Edmonton
from a neutral zone perspective or can you even do that?
And the issue with that is so then they're having that high forward offensively. So now
you're either drawing out your center
or you're drawing out your defense,
defensemen away from the front of the net,
out high just to have a little bit of coverage
in case they do chip it into the middle
while they have the puck.
So it's posing a number of issues
and it's getting them out of sync.
They're gonna need to either switch
and have the centerman come out there or something
to figure out how they're going to do that.
And then in the neutral zone, when they have their top guys like McGavin and Dreissel, they want to skate it in. They don't want to dump it.
So it's forcing the puck out of their hands and now they have to go get it.
They're going to be the first one on the board check. They're the fastest players in that line.
They're the fastest players in that line. It's like they move Perry on that line towards the end of game two.
I'm in a I don't know.
He's been a little I haven't even heard his name.
I barely noticed them.
Yeah. What about Nudge? Yeah.
Same thing. And and and L.A. is playing.
I mean, basically nine forward, right?
Like they're dressed in 11 and 7 and then the the bottom two
The bottom the fourth line there
It's like I think that these guys are getting three minutes
Maybe four minutes and they kind of know like it's alright because Edmonton similar with how they just have to roll out
McDavid and Leon, but I'm very interested to see what happens at home
I would be shocked if Picker doesn't play.
Can the crowd get them into it?
Can they actually just start playing not mistake free hockey?
That's never going to happen.
Just stop gifting them everything.
At least make L.A. earn some of this.
And that's the question. But going to another series and we'll hop on back
into some of these other things we didn't address.
But the Enterprise Center last night in St. Louis looked like a madhouse, Prongs.
You were in the building, I think through five minutes, shots were nine-nothing and
it was two-nothing blues and it was like, holy shit.
And they easily could have won game one.
So what do you see there?
I think I'm so impressed personally on Cam Fowler, but five points last night.
Take it away there. Prongs.
Yeah, no, they came out firing on all cylinders.
The crowd.
I had people text me last night that that was the craziest day they've ever been at
enterprise going through their cop run in 19, going through there.
Like that's the most fun and the loudest that I've been at a blues playoff game.
Wow.
Which is, which is to say something.
No shit.
They, they came out hard.
I think they wanted to send a message.
They played physical.
They were relentless on the four check, which is what I was looking for them in,
in Winnipeg they were, they were pretty good in Winnipeg, but they were relentless
in game three, I think, realizing that they're back against the wolf.
Yeah.
I got some texts this morning too.
We'll put our fan base up against anybody in St.
Louis.
And then you saw Monty's press conference after he's like, they gave us all the energy.
He goes, I haven't seen our guys skate that fast.
It definitely gave us an extra gear.
So shout out to the good people of St.
Louis.
Yeah, they were feeding off them pretty good.
Um, there is a worry, uh, we'll go to Winnipeg, kind of go all over this series.
Playoff Hellebuck is now
maybe a little bit bigger of a storyline after game three.
His numbers through three games way beneath 900 save percentage
over three goals against.
I don't know if he's in his own head or it's just the way St. Louis played
and given up seven, right? That's going to change those numbers big time. But I think Winnipeg right
now, after being up two, nothing, no worry. Now it's like, where's Velarde and where's Ehlers and
when are these guys coming back? I don't know if there's any noise about those two guys from any
of you. I got some more hell of a block of numbers for you. Oh, here we go.
Allowed four plus goals in nine of his last 12 playoff games,
and he's allowed five plus goals in six of 12.
So it's not just that seven bomb last night
throwing the numbers off.
It's a long story here.
Jesus, Murr, coming in with the fucking game notes, eh?
Jesus.
This guy ain't fucking around.
This guy read the stat pack.
I've been up since 6 AM digging a foundation, Biz.
I'm buzzing here.
I'm ready.
Shout out game notes every Wednesday at what?
Noon on the Spitting Chicklets YouTube channel
that just hit 400,000 subscribers.
Progs, what about Camp Fowler as I brought him up?
He played, I think he played 60 playoff games roughly with Anaheim.
He had over 30 points, but then he goes years, no playoffs.
Gets brought over on the trade.
Anaheim eats some of the money.
He's only getting paid 4 million by St. Louis, 36 points in 51 games with the Blues.
How excited do you think a guy like that is to just get back in the mix?
Because they weren't a playoff team when he got to St. Louis, but he helped carry them in and,
and he's just got this rejuvenation to his game.
Yeah, no, he's been, he's been a really steady, a really good studying influence for,
for these guys. You look at their backend, they got a lot of experience back there.
You got Suder, you got him, you got Falk, you got Prackel.
And then you mix in a couple of the younger guys.
It's really good.
Uh, young and old fit there, but, uh, he's been excellent.
You know, such a good skater, studying influence makes a great first pass.
Uh, defense really well.
You know, he's, he's not gonna out muscle guys, but he's got a
little, little bite to his game.
Um, and, and he helps him on a power play.
Like he just, he simplifies things back there.
He works the top of the blue line really well.
Uh, you know, they found a really good fit with him.
And as you said, getting a third of his contract eaten by Anaheim and.
You know, they got him in a fourth for a second round pick.
It's pretty good pickup.
Yeah, that's big time right there.
It feels like that's where the group had even more confidence
when Armstrong pushed the chips in a little bit more.
That was right before Winter Classic.
He ends up playing his thousandth game at Winter Classic.
It just felt like at that moment,
seeing them hand out Kelly Chase's shoulder pads
as the team MVP of the game,
it just felt like they had something brewing.
But I'll direct my question to where you prong,
we had a debate on Twitter
about a true number one defenseman.
Yeah, yeah.
And it was very interesting to hear you take,
I was kind of trolling a little bit.
You obviously hopped in and.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I felt that Parenko was put in a pretty tough spot when
when they moved on from Petrangelo and maybe he thought he had to be something that he
wasn't. I feel like he's kind of settled back in to where I feel like he's a probably a
true number two on any team. How do you feel that he's kind of played? Okay, maybe three.
You're a little bit more harder than I am, but
he's been horrible in this series. I had the stats on game notes.
Wednesday he is coming back from a knee surgery and trying to find himself,
but no, he hasn't been the per echo of four nations and whatnot.
He's, he's trying to work himself back in. So I agree with you,
Marissa.
And also he was not on, he was not on the team for the 13-game win streak.
He was up in the stands.
So he hasn't been the Four Nations guy at all.
But I was going to ask, how do you
feel that he's been really the whole year
and since moving on from a few difficult ones?
And how do you feel like the rest of the D-Core has played?
But he's been, prior to him getting injured,
he was fantastic.
He's got a shoot first, he's got an absolute cannon
of a shot.
So now he's shooting.
In the past, he'd always look to pass it off,
didn't want to shoot.
Now every chance he gets, he's blasting it,
he's jumping in the attack.
I think he had 15 goals, I think, this year, you know, and, and had a ton of chances. Had a couple
of great chances last night. Uh, defense hard, you know, the issue, the issue with them and
I feel for the guys, everybody wants to compare them to me. Why doesn't he hit more? Why is
he more aggressive? Why is he this? Why is he that same size? Yeah. And instead of just
looking at what he's got,
you know, it's like Owen Power and Buffle. Stop looking at what he can do and look at what he can
do. You know, he defends really well. He is a big body. He can, all muscle guys in front of the net.
He defends the front of the net. He makes a good first pack pass. He's a really good skater. He's
got a cannon of a shot. All these things, all the positives. We always look at the negatives and just
because, you know, we'll go always look at the negatives and just because
You know when we'll go back to your trolling just because I call him a three maybe he's a two
But I call him a three because you got a one you got a two and then you got a three
He's a great three. It's like Adam foot goes from being a really good two in Colorado
to
Columbus signing him to be a number one. He's not a number one. He's not a power play guy.
He can't do that.
It's not his skillset.
And we start positioning these guys.
It's like Jacob Slaven.
He is the prototypical two in the league.
He's not a power play guy.
And they argue, well, they don't put him in that.
Well, they don't put him there
because he can't be the power play guy.
He's an unreal defender, probably the best in the league,
makes a great first pass, really smooth skater. That's just not his in his wheelhouse. And it's
not a knock on the player. There's very few guys that can run a power play, be the first one out on
the PK, be out every shift matched up against the top line and every team. There's not that many guys
in the league that do that. The conversation started with Dahlien.
Do you think that he's a true number one?
Yes.
And how many do you think there are actually in the league?
Would you say under 15?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
As how I look at it.
Like Eric Carlson's not a number one.
How I look at it.
He doesn't kill penalties.
And you're number one.
You're up by, you're up by a goal late in the game.
Are you putting that guy on the ice?
Absolutely not.
You're down by a goal. You are, you know, like you're number one, all situation.
Petro's a number one or was, I wouldn't maybe call him one now, but
back in the day he was a number one.
Well, what would you say to people though, and I get like you got to work with what you have and look at what they do
well, but
Pareko being that big when they say, oh, he's not prong or he's not that mean like
Don't you think there's an aspect of the coaching staff that needs to be or say or is it impossible to just make this guy be
Meaner like when he fought JT Miller, it's like, holy shit, like, why doesn't this guy do
this more? Or is it just, that's not in you?
Well, did you see how the fight started?
He was clueless in the beginning.
It was like, Oh, you actually want to fight?
Okay.
It was just these, he is the nicest human alive and you are not going to teach
that kid how to be mean.
It's just not in them.
And, you know, and I'll go in power nicest kid in the world.
You're not going to teach that kid to be me.
You can teach somebody compete.
You can teach them to play harder.
You can teach them shock therapy or something.
There's nothing like nothing, nothing.
I would have done it.
This I would have done it.
They had to teach prong how to be nice.
Like, you gotta teach other guys how to be mean.
You know, there's a different,
some guys are wired a little different.
Prong, that was always in ya?
Prong's is starting a two-hander camp.
You just go to this camp for a week
and you just two-hand guys in the back of the leg
and cross-check.
Prong, there was never a moment where, like,
you flipped the switch.
Did you always have that nastiness to your switch like we did you always have that that?
Nassiness to your game. Yeah, I always played that way
You know, I was you know, let's just say so, you know
Adam Adam squirt minor hockey days if somebody had one of my teammates I'd say, okay, we'll get this guy at some point and
Ultimately, I found a time or I created a time
You know who I want to shout out is Jordan Kairou and it's going back to in Winnipeg. That hit that he took from Logan Stanley, like I think Kairou is a skilled guy,
obviously one of the fastest players in the league. Didn't necessarily see him popping up
from that not missing a shift. I mean, that's one of the biggest hits we'll see in the playoffs even going through the rest of the the rest of the the
Spring he got right back up
He played great after very impressive to see you know taking that bump and then just not not missing any time
Yeah, I think in years past you may have shied away and I think I think that kind of
Speaks to the evolution of his game, his
career, how he's performed this year.
He's been really good for the blues all season long.
I think he's their top bowl scorer at 35 goals, I think this year.
Yes.
He's been, he's been a little grittier.
Like he's been more competitive and put himself,
you know, in and around the net more scored a really nice goal last night.
A quick release.
Uh, no, but he's, he's been excellent. And just to see again, I mean, he got caught on the train tracks.
Did they not smoke by the big ring there?
Excited to see his game evolve.
I was going to ask you about another young guy on that team. Robert Thomas ended up missing four nations,
but led the league in points from four nations
till the start of playoffs.
Obviously, you're the blues insider walking around town.
He just seems like the best guy.
Seems like a few of their guys, like neighbors,
their throwbacks.
Yeah.
You hear a lot about these young guys,
but these guys seem like throwbacks. You hear a lot about these young guys, but these guys seem
like throwbacks. Yeah, they love to play the game. And you see, you know,
neighbors is on the left with Thomas and Snuggeroot. He's been a great addition.
You know, you just look at the way Robert Towers plays. When he's down low, he's...
I watch him here.
I'm like, how can they not get the puck from this guy?
Like he just tight turns in around down low grinding on teams zone possession
time, uh, you know, he's as, as you said, the most points since four nations.
He's I, I think you, not that he wasn't a set that he didn't make the team, you
know, he got injured and, you know, just was not helping out to play.
Uh, but I think seeing how much fun they had at the four nations and the experience,
I think he was a little angry that he missed that opportunity.
And then came back from the, uh, the break, uh, with a renewed
vigor and kind of cough heart.
How can they not get the puck off him?
I mean, he makes Merle's's ass and legs look like wits.
Have you not seen this guy's lower body? He looks like Cardi B. He looks like Cardi B
out there. He got fucking quads.
He did live with Kachak, so they do have similar frames.
Oh yeah. No doubt.
There's another impressive number I saw after St. Louis's Game 3 win. So in Game 2, Shieffley was hit one time.
They got him seven times in Game 3.
And the biggest one, it was Morrissey, too, they kind of wanted to focus on.
You saw neighbors and Shen at the same time hammer Morrissey in the corner.
So I think St. Louis comes back like, all right, Morrissey, Connor, Shieffley.
We have to be more physical on these guys.
And they were.
And Winnipeg Jets fans could be pissed off.
They're up two one.
We're kind of more pumping up the blues,
but we're just coming off that dominating win in game three.
What do you think, Biz or Prongs, anyone take it?
Like Winnipeg has to go back to it
because they're looking at this series so far.
Like we're, we have not,
we weren't in control game one till the third.
And now we just got blown out. Like they're not at the top of their game at
all. Yeah and in prongs does that concern you and have you been on a team in the
past where you're saying hey there's a few folk guys we need to zone in on here
where any chance you get we're trying to run them through the wall to take those
guys off their game because that's the engine that drives their bus. I think
that that was a renewed focus for the blues.
You know, you go into Winnipeg, they got a lot of young guys.
They just sat atmosphere, the white out, how loud that building can be.
Um, you know, last line change, you don't get your matchups, et cetera.
I come home, you're like shot out of a cannon physical.
You're the first 30 minutes of that game. They were pounding the defense, pounding on the top out of a cannon physical, you're, you, the first 30 minutes of that
game, they were pounding the defense, pounding on the top guys of Winnipeg.
And, and, you know, as my concern was, as the game went along, they, they kind of got away
from it, they started to sit back again until they got in the third, they started pressing
again, and they got a couple more chances to score some goals.
Um, you know, much like they did in that first game, they were
controlling the play until they weren't until they sat back and
we're going to defend and protect our lead.
They have to keep their foot on their throat and keep pushing
forward and just hound them relentlessly over and over again.
Cause this one's going to be a long series.
You know, Winnipeg is a good team.
Ellibuck is a good goalie.
Um, you know, they'll rebound from this for sure.
It's one game.
You know, I remember in, uh, 90, 97, we got no nine, sorry, 95, 96, when Gretzky
was on our team in St.
Louis, we got smoked by the Red Wings, eight, one, and came back and, and we, we
were down to nothing in Detroit, went home, won our two games, lost game five, won game
six and then lost that Stevie Iserman's slap shot from the blue line, uh, in a double overtime,
I think.
What do you blame for that one?
John Casey was picking cherries.
But you have to understand just the, the absent flow is in the momentum changes and the swings.
Yeah.
You know, you can't expect you're going to come in and sweep teams and think
you're just going to rough shot over over good hockey teams.
Yeah.
That's what I wanted to ask about, like the momentum of everything.
Huge win last night, St.
Louis, but now they got to wait.
Uh, there's two days in between the games.
Does that change anything on either side?
Is it to help one team or the other players?
What are you, what are your thoughts on that?
And, and would Holloway maybe be back or is he like week to week or something?
Yeah, I heard them say he like week to week or something? Yeah, I heard them.
I heard them say he was week to week at the beginning.
So I'm not I'm not sure.
I haven't been around there for I haven't seen him skate or anything.
I'm not sure if he he's available for this series at all.
I know that's I think there's 17 days if they go to seven,
which which would help him if they get to a second round.
I think he might be available or really late in the series maybe.
But he was week to week at the beginning.
Usually if you think you're going to see a guy, there'll be day to day.
Going back to what Murl's asked though, does the two days off in between fuck you up?
I think it gives Winnipeg a chance to take a breath.
So they can look at what they did right in all three games. They did do
some things right in that game. And they did kind of get back on their four check. Their
bottom two lines played a lot in that third period and they all scored the one goal. They played with
a, you know, an edge and they started running the blues deal a little bit, made it a little bit of
a scrappy game. So I think from that perspective, made it a little bit of a scrappy game.
So I think from that perspective, they gained a little bit of a momentum back just in what those two lines could do and earn some more ice time.
Uh, but you know, it'll give Hellebuck a little extra day to kind of clear his
head and, and, and allow them their bodies to recover a little bit, make sure
they're fresh for a noon start on Sunday.
Prongs.
I don't know if you've spent any time around Monty, but it just seems
like he's got like a grasp on that team.
Like he's, you know, given them confidence.
And I even go back to the, I think it was game two, puck goes off, Snuggerood's
foot, I think Shifely scored, but then he comes right back and scores right away.
For a guy to just come out of college to like have that
Switch to be like, okay, I made a mistake now
I'm gonna go out and try to get it is that you think stuff like that's coming from a guy like Monty or it's
the leaders on that team and
Yeah, I think it's both, you know Monty's, you know been excellent with these guys from from the outset when he came in
You know, we've talked about it countless times. I think having that four nations break allowed them to kind of really dial
it as systems dial in how he wants, they wanted to play, uh, they got a reset,
if you will, and, and he's just, he's got a great demeanor around these guys.
I think he'd learned an awful lot about being in the meat grinder of Boston.
And that, you know, the whole, you know,
playoff rigmarole, uh, you know, the pressure packed moments.
I don't think he really had when he was in his short stint in Dallas.
So having that opportunity in Boston, I think he learned an
awful lot about himself, his coaching system, his style.
And, and he's able to really kind of take these young guys and put them in
positions to, to really excel and succeed.
The other, uh, uh, point of contention with Jets fans after game three, and it was three
nothing when Perfetti shot the puck, but that's probably a goal.
I'm interested to hear your guys' opinions.
I think if it's called a goal, whatever was called on the ice was going to end up
being the call, they really, the overhead couldn't prove it.
I thought the view looking on the net, almost like from above the blue line showed that it's kind
of obvious that, that the Bennington's gloves inside the post and inside the
goal line, but kind of a kick in the Dick for the jets fans and even per
Fetty, when he shot it, he kind of gets to the goal on, he starts pointing that
was in, but was it just more that they couldn't, they couldn't, it wasn't
conclusive.
I would say probably two things.
One, not conclusive.
I saw another angle.
Uh, I think it depends on which angle you're looking at, like from, from down this
way or down this way, go one down this way, look like the glove, you know, clearly
part of the glove is in the net, but you can't see the edge of the puck. Yeah.
And it looks like it might be touching the goal line. The puck has to be all the way across the
goal line. So if it's inconclusive and the guy called a no goal on the ice, then it's no goal.
I wouldn't mind covering another series with you, Prongs. And I kind of want to get into the Florida
Tampa one if you've been paying attention to that one at all.
What's going to happen with Hagel?
Well, that's what I was going to ask you. What was your feeling on the hit? Cause what I saw was a guy
who it kind of looked like maybe he thought that Barkov had stripped McDonough of that puck and
that's why it got rimmed around. And you're so- I think he looked like he had hit it with a stick,
right? He was tracking him. He was going to hit him. And it looked like he swatted it with his
stick. So then he finished his check.
Not knowing that he didn't touch puck.
So would you deem that suspendable? Or do you think the fight for interference?
Well yeah, if he never touched it, yeah. He didn't touch the puck, so therefore he's not able to receive a jack. Now Biz, or anyone, would you know, would it be a suspension based on the interference
or solely if he caught him in the head with his shoulder?
Because I couldn't, it was hard to tell
if like the principal point of contact was Barky's head.
I think with anything with suspension,
even if it's a slash, you know,
it's not to the head, you hit someone in the hand,
if you still do something to hurt someone,
I think it's still a suspendable offense, right?
And to me, it looked like he was going to hit him to, I mean, he's an honest player.
Like he's a guy plays hard, but I don't know.
It looked dirty as hell to me.
I didn't like it.
I mean, I obviously love Barky more than anyone, so it's tough.
I don't want to get too involved in it, but it's, uh, I think if you hit someone like that where the puck's not even close,
it has nothing to do with the player.
I think it's a suspendable offense.
I know, I know it looked as though Barki might've had the puck and
rimmed it around or taken it from McDonough.
But when you see the other angle before Hagel hits him, it's pretty obvious.
He's looking at Barkov, like could have seen that he never touched it.
Maybe it's obviously happening so fast and he didn't realize his eyes could be just off the
off the puck or off Barkov, but I'd be very surprised if he doesn't get suspended. Now,
Barkov didn't return, so that's another aspect because they end up kind of going on if the guy's
injured or not. So it was probably smart that he didn't come back. They don't go on that. That, that is an addition if they do suspend them. Okay. And the players
injured, they don't go off that it's more just on the act. And you know, if he's tracking
them and you know, I think he was hoping he touched a buck.
So here's my thought though, like considering that Bennett was the guy who ended up getting Marsha, I feel like going into that,
there was more intent than there was for Hagel,
who followed through on the Barkov hit,
assuming that Barkov stripped McDonough of that puck.
Like when I first saw it, I thought that Barkov
clearly poked the puck away from McDonough.
So the minute that he touches that, you could argue,
hey, that wasn't his guy
and it was a split second late,
therefore Hagel still ends up
with a five minute interference major.
I just think that because it was a hockey play,
like he was going in there to make a hockey play
with no intent, yeah, maybe he was trying to put him
through the end wall, but fuck it,
you don't think Florida's trying to do that
with every fucking hit that they're throwing
from even a legal perspective?
So if Bennett is tracking that puck in that point,
he's following through on that hit.
So let's not be hypocrites about that.
That's happening.
And once again, we all know, especially the people
evaluating the suspension, that Hegel clearly thought
that it was stripped, and that's why he followed through
on it, and the time between him having to decipher
on whether he did or not, there's no way you can bail
out of that hit.
It's a split second thing.
We could slow down the tape as much as we want.
I don't think he ends up getting the game.
I definitely think that the game is going to police itself in
this situation. If there's one team that's going to police it, it's going to be the team
of Matthew Kachuck, Sam Bennett, Brad Marshaw, and the list goes on of inmates. So this might
get ugly after game two.
You might ask for a four game suspension so he doesn't have to play them.
Murls, I want to go to you because you texted the group. What has happened to the highest
scoring team in the league the Tampa
Bay Lightning 40 shots through two games
Yeah, I'll get to that in a second, but I wanted to finish up on Hagel
You got to remember they were on the power play at the time. It was one to nothing. He's coming back there
It's not like at the end of the game where he's trying to hurt him, but he he's probably thinking all right
That's their best guy. I hit him. We turn this puck.
It's a four on three going the other way.
And then I think Barkov is hurt for sure.
He didn't just stay in the locker room to get the suspension because
it was a one, nothing game.
And, uh, yeah, it was a one, nothing game because Tampa cannot score.
Their power play is, it's despicable.
They can't even get into the zone on this Florida Panther
team. And they are just all over him. You know the usual Kuturov, we
talk about it all the time. You guys ask the guest about him picking it up off
the wall and then he has all this time. He's just getting it and just hope
playing it into the middle and hoping like points there to get it. Well they
got a guy, they got a guy playing them pretty tight and what's shocking about
their zone entries
and how brutal they've been,
Florida stays pretty stagnant on the blue line.
Like it's not like they go up ice and chase them down.
Like they almost hang back a little bit
where it's like four, four caught across the blue.
Yan's like, how are they not getting in on that?
And am I right in saying that they play pretty tight
to the blue line?
Yeah, I think a lot of teams will have guys chase down.
I like personally when a guy chased down cause you beat one guy, there's more room.
But for them, they got to figure out, you know, if you're struggling getting it in,
you got to, okay, let's chip it in and go get it.
But I don't think that's the play for that team.
They're a, you know, they're a possession team, but it's also the Panthers are long.
Their D are long.
Their forwards do a good job of making them go to a spot that they want them to go to.
It's not, it, it, it more looks like Florida is giving them what they want them to have,
not, you know, Tampa getting what they want.
So they got a lot to figure out there.
Um, but in zone, I like how, you know, Florida is aggressive.
They move hard.
They, they're chasing them down.
They're giving them no time and space, but for their PP to be struggling
like this and not getting them chances with the, you know, with the studs that
they have on it, like they can't feel good about their game right now.
One last thing on the Hagel thing.
He did get a five minute major.
Yes.
Oh, so that alone is, you know, a lot of times that's, that's the right call, you know, in
situations like that.
If it's a hockey player, if it's Dean, had the head wasn't a principal, he's quite a
contact and he could have avoided it and on and on and on.
Sometimes the five minute major is all there is.
And I love the fact that they implemented the rule when you give the five, at least
they're able to review it, the refs, so they don't make a split second decision
and it ends up factoring in on how the game plays out.
So should be interesting to see that,
but all the credit to Florida,
any way you want to play, they can fucking play.
And you wrote to us, I can't believe I switched my decision.
You were on the cats, you ended up going with the lightning. I, in the previews, I don't believe I switched my decision. You were on the cats. You ended up going with the lightning.
I in the in the previews.
I don't know.
I was it.
Who talked you into that?
I don't remember.
But I went I went with the lightning, too.
And my thought was the amount of hockey over the past two years and then the
injuries with the Panthers.
And now it's the same thing.
But as I'm like, what was I doing not believing in this team?
And you look at the lineups and I think the top two lines can even themselves out.
We saw that Jake Gensel stat.
I think he's like sixth all time in goals per game
in the playoffs.
But it's go to the third and fourth line on both teams,
and look at Lundell, Lusterainen,
and Marchand on that third line.
You can't answer that with Tampa.
And even on the fourth line, Nico Sturm's enormous. Evan Rodriguez was a top two line player at times last year
when they won the cup. He's on the fourth line. And Boquist flies around. So I
think it's the third and fourth line where when the top two aren't out there,
Florida is just controlling play with their bottom six forwards. And that's why
with the injuries, I thought they'd be too slow. I thought they wouldn't be ready and,
and Kachuk comes back and gets two in game one. It's like,
they got AJ Greer in the press box too. I thought he had a great year as well.
So they, like you said,
with they are just so fucking deep and shocker that 49 million in the press
box on the IR all of a sudden poof, they're back in the lineup.
And now they go home and they get neck clad back.
and poof, they're back in the lineup. Who's the new cap circumcises?
And they get that glad back.
Yep.
And Keith and I played golf with Jovo the other day,
and he does the pre and post game for the Panthers,
and he's telling us about this Sam Miskevich kid.
He lies.
He wasn't given anything in this lineup.
He really had to work his way up,
and that's a reason Rodriguez is on the fourth line,
because this kid has just
gotten better and better this year.
And it's another edition that wasn't even doing anything for Florida last year
when they won the cup.
So it's, it just seems like anyone who thought that Florida was done is looking
like a fool right now, kind of all of us included.
And we'll see where it goes from here, but not Keith, not Keith.
Can we talk about Nate, Nate, Con Smythe Schmidt?
The guy is scoring at a fucking clip right now.
It's unbelievable.
I think it's the most goals through two playoff games
in NHL history by a defenseman.
Wow.
Kale Schmidt.
You got three already.
Murl, is anything else on this series
kind of sticking out to you?
Nah, just, I'm embarrassed.
I didn't, I fell for it again.
I fell for the banana in the tailpipe.
I'm not on Florida.
I'm an idiot.
I'm basically a season ticket holder to the elbow room.
I don't know why I would pick against that.
Hey, boys, no Barkov, though.
Do you think that Tampa has an opportunity
to come back in the series?
No, Jans?
You think no matter what, even if he doesn't play.
I don't think so. I mean, I think, you know, Barky's obviously a presence out there.
I don't think he's had his best two gay or his most dominant two
games that he's ever played.
Like it's kind of been by, uh, you know, everyone kind of pitching
in the first two games, obviously he'll be missed, um, you know, just
in the locker room and, you know, like he's
a number one, he's power play PK, he's doing everything.
But I think that they can get it done by committee.
They get Ekki back for this game.
So it's going to be, you're going to get that boost to having him.
I don't think they'll miss them as much this series and you know, hopefully he's just back
for next.
One thing that did stand out on the first goal they scored
was Barkov going against Gensel on the draw.
Did you guys see the breakdown we did on TNT?
No.
I was surprised.
Gensel's a winger, but he ended up taking over 300 face-offs
this year, the most he's ever done in his career, at least
by double.
He's 46 in the draw, which is not good.
Barky was 78 in game one. He's got,
they got Gensel taken fucking defensive zone face-offs against Barkov. He's going to work.
He's going to pop by wrists on them and snap in the back. That's how they got the first
goal where Reinhardt ended up signed over to Nate Schmidt. So those are the little things
where you're going to miss Barky like inside the dot and like the little intangibles as,
as much as all the other shit he does too.
So that was just something that I picked up that I thought was weird that Gensel
as like, I mean, maybe they have them listed as a center on, on like hockey DB
or whatever, but I feel like he's been playing wing, not most of his career,
most of the season, but for him as a winger to take over fucking 300,
350 face-offs, is that not crazy?
That is nuts and and he'd been with Crosby's for so long. He was never taken draws, right?
So I I think that the other thing that that is that is kind of hurting Florida with the Barkov
health think is is game 3 is at 1 o'clock Saturday
So it's just an even earlier time like I'd be surprised with him not coming back, as Murl said, in such a close game,
if he's good to go after just having today to rest
before a quick puck drop tomorrow.
My final thing on this series,
unless I was seeing things,
when Tampa was trying to tie it up late,
Cernak was on the ice.
Did you see that?
Yeah.
Was that like the chara method of sticking the monster
in front of the net?
Why was Cernak on the ice? He ended up with like the best chance my method of sticking the monster in front of the net why was sir knack on the ice?
He ended up with like the best chance
Well prongs thank you so much for joining man, I love that
I don't know am I am I imagining in the past few months you've gotten more
Active on Twitter really tweeting out your takes and what you're noticing from the game, but it's great nonetheless
And thank you appreciate you coming on from the game, but it's great nonetheless. Thank you. We appreciate you coming on, man.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
This episode of Spitting Chicklets is brought to you by Body Armor Sports Drink.
Body Armor is real hydration with electrolytes, coconut water, and no artificial dyes, none
of that crap, no bad artificial flavors or sweeteners, and with your favorite flavors
like strawberry banana
and orange mango, but in a brand new look you're gonna love.
Look at Murr right there.
Murr, how does it keep you hydrated?
What's your flavor?
What's your go-to?
How much do you love the new bottle?
Well, you know me, Wade.
I still play the beer league,
and it's essential at our age not to pull something.
You gotta stay hydrated.
I always go with this one, the strawberry banana.
I grab one of these on the ride over.
I pound it right before the game.
I bring another one out to the bench
because you know after the game,
I'm probably having something else.
But the next morning, I'm waking up after beer league
and I'm on the body armor again.
It's the best.
Get yours today.
I've always been a strawberry banana guy, right?
You like strawberry banana smoothies?
Well, try the Body Armor Strawberry Banana. Oh my God, this thing's unbelievable. And it's time to
rewrite your routine and get rid of the sports drink that your grandparents drank. Get your
Body Armor today at Walmart or a local grocery store near you. Body Armor, choose better.
All right, guys, whether you're ripping clappers on the ice or making moves in the markets,
you need speed, precision, and a game plan. And that's why we're rolling with Kraken,
the official crypto exchange of spit and chiclets. When it comes to buying, selling,
and swapping over 300 different cryptocurrencies, Kraken is the real deal. No slow plays, no laggy
platforms, just deep liquidity, fast execution and a rock-solid trading
experience. And here's the best part, you can set up recurring buys and dollar
cost average without the hassle. No stressing over market timing or letting
emotions take over, just link your bank in minutes, automate your Bitcoin purchases monthly, weekly,
or even daily if you want to, lower fees than card transactions and no more
manual deposits. Just stack sats like a beauty.
Look, crypto is a lot like hockey.
You don't just throw the puck around blind and hope for the best.
You need a game plan. And whether you're stacking Bitcoin for the long haul or diving into the wild world of meme coins,
Kraken's got your back. And here's the cherry on top. Kraken is rewarding up to
200 in USD when you share your referral link with family and friends. Get your
buddies in the game and everybody wins. So don't be a pylon like me. Get off the
bench, get on Kraken and start
stacking. Head to kraken.com slash barstool. Not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk
of loss and is offered to US customers, excluding Washington, New York and Maine through Payward
Interactive. Thank you very much Hall of Famer Chris Pronger. That guy played mean. That guy in the
playoffs was an animal and just carried teams so it's interesting to hear him
talk about a true number one to himself and he's just chucking around number
he's a number three he's a number two guys are just listening like what the
fuck imagine what he thinks of a number six? Disgusted. Hey, when, uh, my first or second year in Florida, he was working with the team
and, uh, he came out one day and he was showing us how to box out.
Cause we had like younger guys, you're showing guys how to box out.
He's like, he's like, yeah, it's come from the corner and, you know, I'll show
you guys how to box out.
He hit me with a cross check.
My arm was dead for two weeks.
And I'm like, guy, you aren't, you're not playing.
You're not on the team right now.
But he just, he's one of those guys who just can't turn it off
when he's on the ice, just played so mean,
but he was so fucking good.
No, he can't play men's league.
He keeps on, he would kill someone.
He doesn't even get asked to play charity games.
That's how fucking hardcore he is.
Well, Bieber, he's fucking ruined Bieber.
Honorary coach.
He hit beads.
Oh yeah, that's right.
I forgot.
What I always used to say about Prongs is
he would take so many penalties
that they couldn't just keep calling him on him.
So he would just keep doing it all game,
slashing, cross checking.
They put him in the box once,
they couldn't just keep doing it.
He was nuts.
And then he would threaten the ref on the way to the box.
But then they definitely weren't calling more on him.
Oh no. He was nuts. Boy, we still got a lot of hockey to the box, but then it definitely weren't calling more on him. Oh, no
Boy, you still got a lot of hockey to get to man. This is awesome What is wrong it is it is and we say it every year but like every single night you get three or four games
The early one ends then you're just kicking off and and that kind of leads us into Dallas, Colorado boys
I don't think anyone saw this coming. I think Avs fans right now, if you told them no Robertson,
no Heskinen, and you'd be down 2-1 after game three,
they'd be shocked, absolutely shocked.
And what's happening?
I think I took Dallas.
Yeah, yeah, fair enough.
You're on fire right now.
This is kind of that rookie luck of the first playoffs
you've had as a member of the pod.
I don't know where you guys want to go here. I think that Dallas is just showing that game one, they did not panic, right?
Going into game two.
I think right now, Colorado's got to be thinking, fuck, we let one slip away.
Game two, man.
Like we had to shut the door in that game.
But Ronan in game two made that awesome strip.
And then he moved it up to Marchman, who made a phenomenal play, kind of bitch.
Devon Taves was driving the net, put his body into him, spun around.
That's Sagan O.T. winner to kick it up to himself that quick
and then go shelf over Blackwood's glove.
Just an incredible goal.
Nobody really saw that coming.
And Dallas right now, they're laughing boys.
They probably think, all right, if we're up right now,
two one, at some point Heskinen's gonna come back.
And by being up two one, you can almost delay it.
Like, right, if you're down two one,
maybe we gotta get him in game four.
Nope, nope, now if we lose, we're tied,
and we're going home,
and then we could bring him back in possibly.
I don't know his status completely,
but somebody take it away so far on this
year.
Well, I was going to say like the, the, the, probably the most special moment
and probably the last few years, as far as land of Scott coming back and getting
that ovation at home, it never felt like it was going to be real.
It was like all this buildup, like, is he actually going to play?
And he did.
And it was spoiled by, by the Stars, ruining that one in overtime. So just-
Be as quickly, the Landiscaut comeback, just to put it into perspective,
it was 1,032 days between his last NHL game.
In the other guys that have gone that long between playing a game,
captains in the NHL,
still apps for Toronto. It was a thousand and nine days and sit able for the red
wings. It was a thousand and 45 days. Both of them were in world war two.
That's why they missed that much. That is fucking nuts. I mean, are you kids listening? Okay. When you're fucking complaining you don't got your iPad
or about this or that, just remember, players in the NHL, stopped playing in the NHL, went
and fought in a World War and then came back to action.
So times have changed, but shout out to those three guys for going through what they went
through and coming back to play.
And just a very inspiring story.
And I'll throw it over to you to just touch on what what land of scog has done.
Yeah, I made that any time you're mentioned in a sentence with guys that fought in a war
and our name sly and sit able, like just old school names.
So just yeah, yeah, I couldn't couldn't be happier for him.
Obviously, it sucks that couldn't get the win for him, but just seeing
his family on the glass and, you know, just how happy he looked to be back
in his comfort place, because, you know, as hockey players, that's all, you know,
is just being in that comfort place and your comfort zone of being around the
guys and drive into the rink, like getting your routine back, like just his mental,
uh, he, he just must be so mentally clear right now and just
I'm just hoping he felt good after the game and you know didn't aggravate anything but
great for the game that he's back in Dallas is like I think game one we talked about a little bit
like I didn't love Jamie Benz game he He played, he didn't play the crazy,
the run around hitting guys.
And then game two, they brought the heat, him, Marchman,
just bringing it to Colorado.
Kind of looks like they're taking their will away.
And that last game was the first game I've ever seen
Kale McCarr make more than one mistake.
He made, I mean, the three mistakes,
I was making three mistakes a shift.
But Kale McCar made three mistakes in that game
and I have never seen him make mistakes like that.
So something's going on there,
but Dallas, gotta give them a shout out.
They're playing awesome.
I mean, rope a dope wit.
Colorado has led for the entire series
other than 62 seconds of it, right?
So that's one thing that stands out
where you said, ah,
they should probably win game two.
Now I don't know the backstory great,
but if you want to go back to that game two overtime winner
from Colin Blackwell, gee, I'll probably call you on.
You posted about it, but what's the backstory with him
where maybe he was almost done playing.
And obviously he's had a bit of a journeyman style career
where he's bounced around.
But that's a huge goal for that organization to get them right back in the series.
Yeah, Blackwell, shout out Valley Junior Warriors legend.
He actually had to take a full year off in college because of concussions.
So it took him, we posted the clip online.
It took an internship interview.
He's sitting in an internship interview and he's like, they're going around the horn.
Hey, what do you want to do when you're older?
And it clicked in his head like, this ain't for me.
I gotta go back to hockey.
I gotta keep working on this.
And it's been a long road.
So many years in the AHL, had a long career in Milwaukee,
32 years old and he's finally getting,
I mean, he got a little time in New York a couple years ago
playing top line minutes there,
but it's just awesome to see.
Any guy that's overcame all this.
It wasn't just concussions.
He's had so many injuries over the years.
So, it's just awesome to see a local kid do his thing.
So, apparently Nick Kiprios was mentioning that he's hearing that Heskinen isn't really that close.
And is probably out for the series. If that's the case, that just shows how important Thomas Harley is to this team.
I mean, you saw the pass. It's actually a great little clip of the goal that tied it up in game three with about 10 minutes left.
I think Grantland has it, uses Ben as the bumper guy in the middle who throws it right back up to Harley,
who give and goes it right back to
Ben for a beautiful tip
But that's the second game in a row that they tied it up in the third with ten minutes to go, right?
So Colorado has this series, you know, they they could be up 3-0 really if they're able to close it out
It sounds crazy. But what impressed me so much from Dallas
Was Marchman gets the high sticking penalty on Brock Nelson
with 30 seconds to go and it's a double minor. They get through regulation.
All right, let's just get this 30 seconds. We'll get to overtime.
You can talk about things at the intermission and they get three and a half
minutes of a kill.
A clean ice.
Clean sheet.
On clean ice against one of the best power plays in the league and then they
go on to get that win. Part of that kill involved Essel Lundell, who is so good and quietly good.
Kind of what I was talking about with the Maple Leafs defenseman, where he's
never going to, he's never really going end to end.
There's not going to be a ton of, you know, uh, goal line to red line,
breakout passes, sending guys in on breakaways, just solid, great defensively
plays a lot because
DeBoer knows when he's out there, really nothing bad happens.
In that PK, you saw one of the most incredible moves.
He's got his hand wide open, like he's wearing a goalie glove, making saves,
keeping it out of his net, but to get a three and a half minute kill in OT, after
you're able to get it, you're like, we got this game, guys.
Like we just got through this.
We had no business just killing it against that power play in their building.
We're going to get the win.
And they did.
So it seems like, you know, Ron didn't look better.
We were kind of calling him out a little bit.
And for Blackwell to get the winner in game two, I had pumped up Maverick Bork after
game one, even though it was a loss, they actually took him out of the lineup.
So shows what I know, but they put Blackwell in and he's able to get that
goal. I don't remember the forward.
Somebody skated right by him on Colorado.
And I think it was Miles Wood.
Was it Miles Wood? Gee, can you look up the Blackwell game winner?
Yeah, it was. It was.
And I think right away, Wood skates behind the net like, oh, my God, what did I just do?
I don't really know what happened, but Blackwell stuck with it after getting pushed off the puck and all
of a sudden Dallas is tying up the series and they're going to Colorado and now they're
up one. So I don't know where Colorado goes from here. Did you think McKinnon was a little
quiet for himself in game three biz?
We'll ask the guy who he stole his number from.
Sorry, you're right. You're right.
Yeah, I've noticed this in all the playoffs.
We've already talked about a couple of them, how these power plays are just momentum builders
or killers.
And it's the same with Edmonton Oilers, a team that always could rely on that power
play.
They're not getting it done.
Vegas, who we're going to talk about, they can't get it done and they're behind.
Now it's Colorado.
They usually rely on this power play to get things done.
Tampa Bay, we just talked about, can't get anything done on their power play.
I think when you get in these series, the coaching and the video is so good.
They're taking away what you're normally doing, what you feel comfortable with.
And I think Colorado just does not look comfortable with their setup.
Sometimes Natchez is down low or McKinnon is the one five on three early
in the series that I think you talked about it.
It was that on ESPN.
I can't remember TNT.
They had McKinnon on the wrong side.
Yeah.
It was Gretzky where they had McKinnon on the wrong side.
They have them all, all mixed up.
But at the end of the day, as you guys like to say, I think Colorado took them
easy, just like we all did because Heisken
and Robertson were out. They will, they realize what's going on now. We're going to see a
different team on Saturday. I think they're going to blow the doors off them on Saturday.
It's going to be 2-2 going back to Dallas. Wow. I think Autinger right now is finding
a groove, man. I think that after Blackwood's performance in game one, a lot of pressure was put on Otenger,
and I thought that he was tremendous
in game three especially.
So as good as he's been in the playoff runs,
I think that there is a little bit of a question mark
on this guy right now, and can he win the big ones?
And I think that he has to get locked in,
and from what we saw in game three,
if that's gonna continue,
that's the Otenger that scares me. So I think that's the big ones? And I think that he has to get locked in. And from what we saw in game three,
if that's gonna continue, that's the outing that scares me.
So they better fucking hope that Blackwood keeps playing
that way that he's playing.
Also, Colorado needs to hope that Nate just can get going
a little bit offensively,
getting back to the groove that he was winning
when he first got moved over there.
And as well as that secondary score for Colorado.
They can't just expect for the big dogs to get it done.
You need everyone along the run here,
and you're gonna need those bottom six guys contributing,
and you mentioned the mistake that Wood made
on the over back chuck, or lack of coverage
on that Blackwell goal.
Like, those guys are gonna have to step up to a man
because, oh,rrrrrrr,
the dog.
He's done enough for that fucking team.
And he'll continue to do so.
It's time for the other guys to elevate their play.
Including, I don't know if he's still on the power play,
Murls, Drew N.
Like,
it's crazy, man.
It's fucking crazy.
I think that's all he does.
Bro, he's just like the,
he's just throwing it away.
He's just like a make a wish situation.
What the fuck is happening right now? That's what they're losing momentum every time it seems. It's just like a make a wish situate. What the fuck is happening
right now? That's what they're losing momentum every time it seems they go on the power play.
They've gotten a couple in the series, but that's just out of this. McKinnon is so nasty.
It's not clicking. Granton and not being on that side is a difference because then Nate
just wants to be over there with Nate. He keeps getting, he keeps ending up over there
and it's throwing off the whole dynamic. I want to see Nate in his spot, put Leckening on, Leckening
on the other half wall, put Nate just in at the bumper and then put a-
Maybe if they eat salary, maybe they can get Rotten and just play the power play for Colorado
and then just kind of send them back when it's back to five on five. But I, it would
be very, it was very biblical if we had a Rotten and Pop Off
in the back half of the series for the true
Rotten and Revenge.
Because right now it's looking like the real fucking,
the real thieves are Carolina with
stanky leg, do the stanky leg.
I think a little play, you know,
and a lot of people are talking about it,
like the little play that he made to get them
that overtime winner just, you know, holding off, of people are talking about it, like the, the little play that he made to get them that overtime winner, just, you know, holding off, uh, making the
good play at the blue line, smart little chip.
I think that's a little play for a guy like that to just really
get going.
Like it's just a little bit of a confidence boost and a point
and getting a point.
It doesn't matter how you get the point.
And he did it the right way.
It's not like a power play assist where it's like, okay, I'm
expected to have that.
It's a, it's a play where it's a hard nose play.
You get the puck out of the zone, you make a smart chip and you win,
and you win the game for your team.
So I think that could really help set him off to have his offensive
skill just take over next game.
Murls I, I do.
I don't hate your call of Colorado game four, because I think as Keith mentioned McCarr off night for him
You know, he's gonna answer the ballot and respond in a great way
It does suck and you talk about Robertson and Heskinen Ross Colton is I think he's day to day like that's he's a playoff style player
He's running around all the time. He scores goals in front of the net. We'll see if he can get back into lineup
I don't know what exactly he's battling, but quickly on Dallas and their depth,
I mean, you got Hintz with Rontanen and Grandland,
you got Dushain with Sagan and Marshman,
and you got Wyatt Johnson with Jamie Ben and Dadov,
that's without Robertson, man,
like that is fucking a legit top nine,
missing your best forward.
So crazy that they-
That Dadov's a gamer too.
Yeah. He's a fucking gamer. And I think they- That Dadynov's a gamer too.
Yeah.
He's a fucking gamer.
I think he had-
He's the best.
They were saying, I believe he had a hat trick
or two goals in one game,
but the other like last 29, 30 games of the year,
he had one goal or maybe two.
He'd been cold.
And then he got that big goal early in this series.
So I can't wait to see what happens.
Kind of feel like, and I hate doing the must-win thing,
if you're going back to Dallas 3-1,
how are you gonna beat Dallas three games in a row?
So Colorado's at home, they gotta get this thing done,
and we'll see what happens,
but this has been an awesome series so far,
and I've been very impressed with Dallas kind of sticking by.
Go ahead.
Yance, why is Doudnaw of the band?
What's like, how do you know?
I love him, I play with him here. He's like, it's why, why, why is dad? No, the band was like, I love not play with him here.
He's like, he's, he's a great guy.
Just always having fun.
But like, uh, I thought he was one of the best bumper players I played with yet
that center ice finding that little area.
He, he relieves so much pressure for us on the power play.
I think that year we were like second or third in the league.
He was awesome.
But go just going back to Dallas is that Alex Petrovic, I want to give him a quick shout
out.
Played pretty much the whole year in the minors, been in the minors the last couple years and
comes in and he's playing well.
He's helping them out.
And he did this last year too.
They just bring him up for the playoffs.
He should just not play all year.
I remember meeting Petro.
I got sent down to San Antonio and he was there.
And on that road trip,
I became his roommate, so I came into the room,
he was out, came home late,
I think we had an afternoon game too, he's beautiful,
and then he just had a toothbrush.
Or he might have even forgot the toothbrush
and only had his cell phone charger.
Very old school guy, tough defenseman,
but yeah, it's impressive that he's in there once again
in the playoffs. Toothbrush and rubbers.
Playing little minutes, but doing a good job but guys I apologized online and I'm gonna say it right now
in the pod the Minnesota Wild I underestimated you. I didn't believe in you after game one I just was
Vegas is gonna have an easy walk through before they get what looks to be LA.
The Minnesota Wild guys, I was reminded by a couple fans,
deservedly so, really giving it to me
in my DMs and the mentions,
you don't know what you're talking about
because this team with Everyone Healthy
was a top five team in the league,
one of the best teams in the league.
Yeah, they were.
And Kaprizov was the MVP of the league before he got hurt.
And this guy missed half the season,
and he's come back, and Ericsson Ek missed a long time,
and he is dominating.
Right now, Kaprizov, every time he's on the ice,
has the puck the entire time.
It's never in his own zone.
He's wheeling around the offensive zone.
He's finding guys, he's scoring,
and he's making it look so easy.
For a guy, we're talking about Pereko
and these people coming back from injuries
and feeling their way through.
Not for Kaprizov.
It's a joke to him right now.
And the Wild look incredible.
I don't want to disrespect them anymore.
I have to go take a shit right now,
but I'll give them this before I go take a number two.
They have the hottest line in the league right now with Eric
Sinek, Matt Boldy and Karel the Thrill Kaprizov. Four goals for Matt Boldy. These guys are fucking electric right now and
they're going against what we thought was one of the best lines in league in Stone,
Eichel and Barbashev and they're chewing them up. They're chewing up their whole fucking team right now. So murals You're the Vegas guy you have a future on them your team better wake the fuck up or
Minnesota is gonna steal a series from them
Yeah talking about shit the entire Vegas Golden Knights team is playing like shit
Game one that they won they really didn't deserve to win that game. They snuck through that game
It's been brutal. It all starts at the top.
Like we always talk about the best players got to be your best players.
Michael, no points minus five while at the same time, boldy and
Komprizov eight goals, five assists or something crazy like that.
Hill awful shaky and net.
I said it last night on Twitter, you know, I'm going full Whitney mode on the
Oilers, like I'm almost quitting on Twitter, you know, I'm going full Whitney mode on the oilers.
Like I'm almost quitting on them so that they'll go to the finals like you did
last year.
But I said, you got to put Schmeed in for the third period.
If he, if he shuts the door in net, he gets the next start.
You got nothing to lose up here.
Hill is, he looks like a roller hockey goalie out there.
He's all over the place.
He doesn't have his hand up
he's not out on on plays and
I think you put Schmeid in there
He's been great for them member of him for the Devils a couple years ago with the playoffs was no pressure for him
it was his first starts of the year, I think and
I think when you put a backup goalie in like that, it wakes the entire team up
Yeah, because this team is asleep.
They thought it was going to be easy.
They got through game one, not playing well.
They thought it was going to be simple.
We're Vegas.
We were the best team.
They are not good.
They are in trouble.
Minnesota is good.
I noticed me and army were the only ones that had Minnesota making the playoffs.
So I was a Minnesota guy,
but I did disrespect them because of my Vegas future.
I just, Army said it last night on the group chat,
they look so much faster.
Either Vegas looks slow or Minnesota's this fast,
or Vegas is just playing slow with moving the puck,
but they're getting outskated, outworked like it's not even close right now and this number that
these numbers G just sent over shots on goal were 11 nothing for Minnesota in
Matt Boldy's 12 minutes and 19 seconds of 5 on 5 and they were 21 to 2 in
Kaprizov's 21 total minutes in game 3.
If you're 21 to 2, he was on the ice for two shots
against him over 21 minutes of ice time,
it shows that nobody can match up with him.
And I don't think anyone saw,
yeah, Kaprizov everyone knows,
one healthy MVP candidate,
truly one of the best players in the league.
But you're looking at it like,
well, Eiko can answer that.
Eichel can play against anyone.
And right now, it's like, I don't know if maybe Stone's lack of quickness is really
hurting that line.
That's unfair to maybe put it on one guy, but I'm just trying to think, like, how can
they not answer it at all?
And right now, like, Boldy, it's like he's coming into his own.
He just turned 24 a couple weeks ago.
Imagine him in four or five years, dude,
because he's long, he's like rangey, he's so skilled.
The play last night, I believe to make it three to one,
I will say Vegas has a legit bitch.
That was icing.
Because the biggest part about it was Petro made it
a legit, honest effort to reach out and get it.
When the defenseman does that and doesn't touch it,
arm goes up.
But they wave it off.
But Hanifin does a couple shoulder checks.
And on the broadcast, because you guys,
I think he gave two left shoulder checks.
But I don't know if it was Anton or yourself who mentioned,
he just kind of had to wheel the net and hit the winger.
But he tries for the reverse to Petro,
but Boldy, who chased down that four check,
he ends up picking up that pass and then even then, Hanifin almost got it away from him,
but he lifts his stick and just snipes that thing, top shelf and boom, 3-1.
And like that Hartman play biz, you mentioned what, or Keith said he's a dog,
what a play just to get it to the net. And that four one goal was the game.
Because if it's three one going into the third,
you're alive, but nope.
That was it.
It was actually Edzo who picked it up on the broadcast.
Yes, sorry.
When he was going to the wall,
he looked up at the score clock to see what the time was.
And you know, Hanifin, I love him as a player.
Unbelievable guy, tough night.
I believe he was defending Kaprizov in front of the net
and it ended up just banking off him.
But for him to just grab that puck and throw it there,
I'm sure Vegas is thinking, oh, this period's over,
all right, we can manage this one.
But that was kind of the straw that broke the camel's back.
But Boldy's turning into a superstar, man.
Like, he'll throw hits, he can make plays,
his finishing abilities, like the effort
that he's providing out there, just incredible to watch.
And him teamed up with Caril the Thrill,
like I just went and dropped a massive deuce,
but I don't know how much of a tire pump
that you gave him.
Like, his edge work, his ability to protect the puck
and take punishment,
probably should draw more penalties than he does,
but sometimes the Russians don't always get the calls.
But he fights through them too though, man.
He fights through them like a fucking bastard.
He's a mutant, he's worth the price of admission,
and I don't have enough positive things to say about him.
I would say for sure top five player in the league
individually, like top five.
When he's going and he's healthy,
it's pretty remarkable.
And what he means to a team, he's top two.
He should get 15 million a year.
He should get steak in the team.
Also, Gustafsson, Murb, quickly, to give up that goal,
you're up two nothing, dream start at home,
Excel Center's going bananas, and he gives up,
I think one of the worst goals we've seen in the playoffs,
a slap shot, no screen, no tip, on the ice five holes,
he's trying to, as Lundquist mentioned,
he's trying to deflect it in the corner,
but he then fucking answered the bell, and that's a goal where it's like that can that could break a goalie like oh my god
We are up to nothing. I let that in no dude. He stood still he stood tall
I think Vegas ended up with with 31 shots, but back-to-back 5-2 wins
You don't see I mean Oilers give up 12 who saw Vegas giving up 10 two games in a row
I mean, Oilers give up 12, who saw Vegas giving up 10 two games in a row? And that's why I'm looking for the goalie change because Gustafson feels so safe in there.
Any shot Vegas gets, I'm like, oh, that's not in.
But what's really got me going is their power play last night.
All year, they fed on Eichel down to Stone on the goal line,
popping it into Hurdle or popping it straight across to the other flank for Dorofiev who had 35 goals or something. But if you watch the games I don't know
how these coaches aren't seeing these adjustments. All they're doing is taking
those away and leaving the D up top open. So they had Theodore there forever and
he's not a shooter. So he kept just he's wide open. Eichel just gives it to him
but he he doesn't shoot so he's just looking to give it back.
And that's all they've been doing is passing it back and forth.
So last night they make the adjustment.
They put Hanif in there.
He's not much of a shooter either, but that's the guy who's open.
It's right in the center of the ice.
I want to see Olufsen go there.
Sneak Olufsen down, take the Kings who's got the best power play right now.
Five forwards, the Maple Leafs, five forward PP,
Vegas, gotta go to the five forwards,
get an absolute shooter right there.
It's gonna work the first time.
Nobody's gonna cover him
because they're taking everything away.
Once that goes in, your normal plays will open up.
So that's my coaching rant for my Vegas Golden Knights.
Holy fuck, Murr, I like that.
Wow, man, you should be, no wonder RPI wanted you.
Then I got some breaking news, apparently.
Breaking news?
We're gonna throw it over to G for this breaking news.
Darren Dreger just posted,
a little twist in the battle of Ontario
with allegations of pregame shenanigans last night.
Sources say the NHL is looking at an incident
in warmups prior to the game three
between the Leafs Senators, undetermined whether league discipline will follow.
He then posted, 20 minutes later, source indicates this is the incident in question.
Sens players were firing Pox at Stilares in warmups.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you fucking kidding me?
No respect.
Those playoff fucking virgins.
That is something a virgin would do.
Chucking pucks down the other to try to get in Stolar's head because he fucking owns you
with the fucking Inglewood chop in the leg game one or game two, excuse me.
That's absolute fucking bullshit.
You tell Craig Barube and the Toronto Maple Leafs that they can dress me in Revo for game
four if they want to handle business appropriately. You tell Craig Barube and the Toronto Maple Leafs that they can dress me in a Revo for game four
if they wanna handle business appropriately.
I'll come over the top fucking ropes and warm up.
You wanna fire pucks at my goalie?
Well, he can defend himself.
I'll get kicked out of four seasons for this.
He can defend himself.
How about he told the refs before game three,
yeah, have my back and I'll behave myself out there.
That's just Ontario.
When I played in the Metro Toronto Junior League,
first time the guy stole our net,
they took our net for warmups.
So we didn't have a net for warmups.
Another game,
the guy took a slap shot.
His name was Andre Rivard,
I think his name was, played for the Quinney Hawks.
He took a slap shot,
came down, hit our guy,
Andrew Morley, right in the neck
as he's standing in line for the horseshoe drill. That's boom, dropped like a bag of potatoes.
So then the next game in the next series we took the other team's pucks and then
we had a bench clearing brawl and warm-up so that that's just normal
Ontario activity in the playoffs. I'm serious though I think that they should
dress Revo and just put him in warm-up and have them stand at the red line
Like why not you're paying him a million and a half
Haven't fucking worked the aux cord for the game, too. But if they know he's not playing
You think this just wrote in the group chat he goes just adds to stole our safe percentage
Fish she went right off the 10. Fishy from the top.
Hey, jump on the bandwagon, Fishy.
We love you, buddy.
Well. Oh, my God.
We talked about some some crazy shit in Ontario.
I think Friday night we're going to tonight.
We're going to see some crazy, crazy things in Montreal.
And I don't know how Canadians fans feel.
I mean, definitely in the series, right?
Like, I mean, look, as an Oilers fan, fuck, how much better has Montreal been in down
0-2 than the Oilers going back home down 0-2?
I couldn't believe Slavkovsky's kind of interview after.
He looked like he was going to start crying.
Like, credit to the Canadians
and them not just looking at it,
which players wouldn't,
but them not just being like,
hey, we got in, nobody thought we could get in,
we're here, no.
I mean, they think they can win this series.
I don't know if it's possible.
I will say that Logan Thompson,
at the end of game two, was incredible.
I mean, Montreal was all over them,
and we wondered if he'd even be ready to play
in this series right before it started,
but Washington has not been as dominant as I thought.
Yes, up 2-0, everything's gravy for them,
but Montreal's been better than I thought they'd be.
I thought the pace has been great,
and it's been very entertaining hockey back and forth.
I think both goaltenders have been awesome,
including Montembeau.
Yeah, probably leading into the series,
the thing that surprised me the most
was when Patrick Lyne was asked about Alexander Ovechkin
and facing off against the greatest goal scorer of all time.
Him being a very, Patrick Lyne, I'm speaking of,
being a very one-dimensional a I'm speaking of being a very one dimensional player and
only really scoring goals. I thought it was an opportunity for him to say, yeah, this
is cool. You know, we got the chance to knock off the, the, the top seed in the East and
the greatest goal scorer of all time. No, he's like, I could care less. Well, I don't
know. I don't know if Ovi and the boys got wind of that quote,
but fucking Ovi, two goals and an assist in game one,
including the overtime winner, the first of his NHL career,
which I was shocked to hear that was the first overtime.
That line they didn't get the puck deep in on that play.
That Ovi scored an overtime.
Well, it just came full circle.
And I appreciate you bringing that up.
And I was perplexed by that and essentially
adding fuel to Washington's fire. Like you think that Ovi caught wind of those quotes
because it felt like after he scored that that first goal in that game there was a little
extra on that celebration. There was a little bit of extra umph. You think he's reading
the clippings? It's bulletin board material. You don't fucking give it to the other team,
Patrick line, especially when you're going against a guy you've copied the way that he's reading the clippings. It's bulletin board material. You don't fucking give it to the other team, Patrick line, eh?
Especially when you're going against a guy you've copied the way that
he's played the last 20 years.
Well, one part of it.
But besides hitting.
Yeah, the one part of it.
Yeah, the one-timer part of it.
But you do not give a street beast like Alexander Ovechkin, any ammo.
Stay away, let them sleep.
Don't do anything.
Now apparently people said, apparently there was a lot of noise about, hey, you ask a Finnish
guy about a Russian, like if you know the history of Finland and Russia, he might not
be that into the Russian.
Why?
He doesn't control the nukes, I mean, he just a fucking goal scorer.
2025.
Fairness, I think that OV's country
did try invading his country.
Now, granted, they weren't alive.
But, Lina ends up not even playing
in the third period of game two.
I mean, St. Louis is just like, all right, you're done.
Like, you're not doing anything out there.
But back to game one,
because we had recorded before game one,
Biz Anthony Bolivier has been,
what a pickup. Nobody.
No, that's Backstrom.
That's Backstrom reincarnated.
I don't know if you guys knew that.
That's what's happening.
Nobody talked about him or Kuzmenko,
and they've been two of the best pickups from the deadline.
The Washington Capitals have not missed on an ad
to their team, which feels like forever.
And, you know, he was a pretty streaky
player with the Pittsburgh Penguins but when they got him I was like you know
what man like the two runs that he's been on with the Islanders he was pretty
good offensively and then I ended up looking up his numbers like I want to
say he's gotten close to 40 playoff points in close to 70 playoff games
maybe I'm wrong I'm gonna Google it again quickly here,
on his hockey DB, but just making plays out there.
He looks incredible.
So in, sorry, in 57 playoff games, he's got 34 points.
For a guy like Anthony, that's a pretty good
staggering playoff number performance.
So, fitting in like a glove, right on that top line,
and he's making 1.25
So just to go out and add a cheap ad like that who could fit in on top line
Who was maybe having an a streaky year just incredible and it just goes to tire pump their scouting staff
Who have continued to add gems in the last 12 months that have helped this team. I
Think it's wild to see, you know,
that OT winner, Ovi, gets in game one.
Like, that's an enormous goal, dude.
You're up two-nothing, Montreal ties it up, game one,
you lose that game, all of a sudden it's like 2010 flashbacks
and Ovi steps up.
He's the guy who gets it done on a beautiful pass.
And then you go to game two, Montreal goes up one nothing
in the second period and it takes Washington about a minute boom and they tie it up. Like they're
just, they're not going to allow Montreal to get any sort of momentum it seems like.
Yeah, it's wild. The wild part of it though is Ovechkin first ever playoff OT winner, which is
ridiculous because he's the greatest goal scorer of all time.
And, uh, yeah, capitals were something different there, but
Montreal is not out of this.
I feel a lot.
I feel a lot like the St.
Louis series where they had chances to win both those games.
Yeah.
That the better team one ended up winning.
They're up to nothing, but I like Montreal.
I like the way they've played.
They don't look like Ottawa. Ottawa looks Montreal. I like the way they've played. They
don't look like Ottawa. Ottawa looks a little more like rookies in the playoffs like you
guys talked about already. I like this Montreal team. I like them tonight. We saw the atmosphere
up there, Four Nations with the hot dogs and the giant beers up in the rafters, those fans.
I like their chances to win both games at home here. Wow. Okay. And G mentions on the chat that I think with what Biz said too,
about the pickups and the trades, like Chris Patrick, he's,
he's walking away with GM of the year, right?
I would say him or McFarland in, uh, in Colorado for that over, overhaul.
Yeah. I mean, like, yeah, they, they, they did bring in two new goalies mid-season,
that's a good one, but just Washington.
Merle, I like that though, I'm interested to see tonight,
you know that Washington goes into this game
and for everyone listening, if you haven't been
to a Canadian's game, the pregame show,
the lights, the music, there's nothing like it.
Washington's sitting in the locker room saying,
guys, first 10, get through the first 10.
And I'm talking even being down one nothing
after 10 minutes, all right, fine, game settles in,
we got 50 minutes to go.
It's if what happens like St. Louis Winnipeg game three,
that's the disaster, that it's two goals,
that the crowd's going bananas,
that they're out hitting you, they're all over you.
But we'll see Montreal come out very fast, very hard,
and we'll see what can happen.
But Logan Thompson's been the story in my mind,
game two performance, OV obviously doing his thing.
I mean, it was funny, the first goal of the series for OV
was exactly like his record breaking goal.
Right from the same spot.
Ryder's like getting more into OV
since he broke the record for watching the game.
He goes, that's his spot. I'm like, yup, even you know, you're seven. He's been scoring goals for 17 years. So it's been cool to see Washington
really kind of shut up a lot of people
through the first two games,
but I do agree, Murr, that Montreal's not dead.
Like Edmonton is way more dead than Montreal is.
Hey, what happened to Demidov?
Has he even been, like, I haven't noticed him at all.
I know, I think that he's been dead for a long time.
I mean, I think he's been dead for a long time Oh, hey, what like what happened to Demidov?
Has he even been like I haven't noticed them at all.
I know. I think that you go to the fourth line.
That's the that's the step in the that's the up and play.
That's the physicality.
I saw Wilson kind of falling around, giving him some cross checks like,
well, well, well, well, well, this is not playing Sharapovitz in the first round
in ska
and having 10 minutes with the puck every time I get it.
No, this is having the refs in my pocket.
Having the refs in my pocket
because I'm on Steve Petersburg.
No, this is Tom Wilson and Ovi running at me.
Ovi also has thrown like six enormous hits.
He crushed Caulfield.
Caulfield like, smooth. Oh, he was chucking around
like a kettlebell.
Oh, I just. He was just fucking a 10 pound kettlebell
just buzzing him around.
I thought Caulfield's played great though.
Suzuki's looked awesome.
Hey, Suzuki's goal in game one to tie it up,
that was sick because I think all of us at least,
most guys are just ripping it right when you get it.
He got that head up, took that one step,
and it's a wide open net.
He has been very good.
Oh yeah, that was.
And Ryan Leonard looks good.
Yeah, he played solid G-tex it in game two.
But like you said though, for these guys coming in
without a lot of NHL experience,
it feels like there's 15, 20 guys on the ice.
It's a different level, it's a different speed.
The way I described it on the broadcast is,
you know when you used to go to the baseball games
and they'd do the game in between the innings,
the seventh inning stretch,
where you'd put the baseball bat on your forehead
and you'd spin around 10 times
and then you'd get up and try to run in a straight line?
That's how it felt when I played playoff hockey.
Now, some guys can slow the game down
and it's like Anthony deBelivellier,
he seems to be fine adjusting to the pace of playoff hockey.
Not the case for some guys, but anyway,
I was gonna ask you about who got their jibs knocked out?
Was it Protus?
Who?
No, he's not even in yet.
He's not even in, that's a big loss.
When they get him back, I didn't know the name actually
Let me tell you how you really do dizzy bat though biz because you're a Canadian you guys probably don't have this up there But you got the yellow with football bats everybody knows those
What you do is you cut the top off of that and you fill it up with the beer
But then you pound the beer then you do the dizzy bat and you try to run as far as you can against your other buddy.
Ah, that is, uh, it was, uh, why not just drink the beer out of the bottle.
Ladies and gentlemen, Syracuse stars legend, um, Matt Murley in the New York hockey hall.
Alexia's teeth.
They found the ice crew founders.
You know who I want to give a shout out to on Mont or two guys on Montreal is Gallagher and Gulli.
Gallagher is just a prototypical,
I'd say, rat, right, in the league.
Like, you know, he's always in the shit, but he's not really diving around.
That guy plays so hard for how small he is that game one.
He was getting cross checked in the face, but not laying down on the ice, getting back up.
It looked like he was really I mean, he's been there a long time.
He was really trying to show the young guys on that team, what kind of
playoff hockey is going to be like, and you're going to get abused and
you got to take it a little bit.
And it looks like it's, you know, kind of wearing off on the rest of that group.
But that Cade, is Cade Cooley, Gouley, whatever that is.
Yeah, G.
G is.
He.
Gallagher and Gouley.
Like, um, what's his name?
Prong said, I get a number two, a true number two, a guy that's going to be
really good on PK do things.
He's going to help out at number one.
That kid's going to be a stud for a long time.
And he looks like he's been in the league five, six years already.
The way he's been playing, uh, Gallagher also has had about 75 injuries
because of how he plays and he just always comes back from back to Washington quick,
because you mentioned Protoss, who hasn't been playing.
When he comes back in, I mean, dude, they got some lineup decisions.
Like, does he go up with Strom and Ovi and Bavillier drops down?
But then there's McMichael, Pierre-Luc Dubois and Tom Wilson.
Does he take one of the spots on that line?
He's going to be on one of the top two lines.
So they're able to win two games without him, who was one of their best players all year.
Washington is laughing.
And that's another example like like Heskinen.
Hey, the more you win, we don't have to get him back yet.
Let him rest. It's another two days rest.
If we can go up three, oh, we might not even have to play in this series.
So we'll see what happens tonight in Montreal.
But that leaves us with one series left left boys. And I feel bad. I feel bad for Hurricanes fans, because don't worry, next round we're going
to be chatting you up. We're going to be talking way more about your games. Right now you're playing
what is this? The New Jersey Devils, yes, injuries. Since January, a bottom five team in the league,
they limp into the
playoffs and you're now watching it it's varsity JV and I don't even know what to
say besides Carolina's really good and Jersey stinks um I'm in a secret weapon though
who's that secret weapons on his way there boots on the ground tonight oh my
god you're going to this boots on the ground. I just landed in New York.
I will be there at the game. Pick them up at the airport. There's no way you want to go even. You
walked them. What do you mean? Before you go, can I bring up your idea? Genius, genius idea. Sure.
Okay. Okay. Pasha mentioned to all of us, I'm wondering what fans think. If you're a team like
the devils in a playoff series, first round only, and it's so obvious that you're completely out class, out matched,
everything you could say about domination. I only said this after Luke got her, by
the way. I know. You should be allowed to then ask for certain deals from the
Carolina Hurricanes or the team waxing you like, hey, we'll cancel the series now
if you give us a first rounder. You get rest, you don't have to play any more from the Carolina Hurricanes or the team waxing you like, hey, we'll cancel the series now
if you give us a first rounder.
You get rest, you don't have to play any more games,
we get a high draft pick.
I like it, Pasha.
I don't know what the fan base would think
about their GM quitting in the middle of a series,
but maybe they like getting a second or first round pick.
You're also essentially paying for the first rounder as well
because you're losing the gate.
Oh, it's the gate.
I didn't think of the gate.
It's all money.
It's all money.
I would imagine.
But what if you hosted and lost the first two games?
Yeah, what if you host and lose the first two?
And it's quite obvious you're done.
Then the other owner would want the money.
Then you would have to compensate them for the money lost
as well.
But would the owner rather, the money
you'd get going longer in the playoffs with more rest
Then the gate from
Guys it's never gonna happen at the end of the day
New Jersey and posh are pathetic and I really don't think we need his services any longer
Don't worry guy
Don't make me keep that clip for next year when they're healthy biz and they're an absolute wagon because you can't they didn't have a
Fighting chance going in without Jack Hughes now Luke Hughes is out
like Seagate's all the craziest thing about all this is this actually makes me raise questions
about their actual team in depth the new about team oh my oh though like i just i honestly don't
the fact that when when jack went down it just felt like the
team was like oh well not our year like oh the lack of fight and no motion and
that's not all gamers in that locker room like give me a fucking break I
wouldn't let me play for my ball hockey team that's not all we talked about
this we talked about this on the last spot
season straw nobody gives a fuck game to two, the Delos competed. Oh, they finished the season strong. Nobody gives a fuck.
Game two, the Delos competed hard.
They outplayed the Hurricanes most of that game.
They just have no offensive juice without the Hughes brothers.
Like what team can survive their best player
and their best offensive demand.
Congrats, you got a half boner and wax for five minutes.
Great job.
I thought this Hamilton was their best offensive defenseman.
This guy's fucking team gets a lead in a series for once
and I was looking down on the Delos.
The fact that we're spending time talking about this
and not Jordan Martinook and what he brings
to the Carolina Hurricanes is flabbergasting to me.
We're wasting oxygen on a bunch of deadbeat losers, okay?
I will play this clip one year from today
when the Devils are waxing teams
and they'll probably play the Leafs
and they're gonna wax them April 25th, you said the same fucking thing about bending wits wallet
over about Jack Hughes hitting a hundred points for three.
I like my Anaheim ducks bet now. Yeah, no, no, no. I was never like overly confident
about that bet. We all agreed that was going to come down on the wire. Health was a factor.
Like that was never a bet where I was saying to a white fuck you,
you're going to end up paying me.
Correct?
I was always going to be a type in here because I've maybe been a little bit critical of the
Carolina hurricanes.
We should waste no more oxygen on the New Jersey devils.
Okay.
We should be tire pumping what culture the Carolina hurricanes have created, how they
watch this, watch this, watch this.
Get him off, G.
See ya. There you go.
Nah, nah, nah, nah.
Let me just get to bring him on torture.
Like, you know, him flying from Vancouver
to Jersey for this game, he had to be like,
oh man. You know why he does it?
Because he needs his fix. Why is he doing it?
He goes in the locker room and he,
he sniffs Luke's jock
and then he goes over,
I know there's not a lot of sweat on it
because he hasn't played recently,
but can I still lick it?
Can I get like a little tincture of his sweat
so I can rub it on my body
before I have sex with my gorgeous girlfriend?
That's what Pasha does.
I cannot wait to see you guys play next round.
You'll have some real competition.
But right now, what you're showing is that you're deep.
People have always known that Bryndamore rolls four lines.
He's not just playing forwards 25 minutes a game.
No, he's rolling his lines.
We're going to probably at one point see Nikitian.
I think unless unless Bryndamore is like, I'm not ready.
I'm seen in practice, but giant Russian stud defenseman,
maybe he gets in at one point.
But Biz brought up Martinuk.
And the fact of the matter is,
last year this guy was on waivers.
They put him on waivers at the end of camp,
and it was all salary related,
but this guy is a gamer.
And that, that, what, what game was it he scored that?
Post and in, beautiful shot, was that the first game or the
second second game gave the leg kick dog piss
He gave her the dog piss it even in game one man the Stankhoven goal like on the forecheck like when he's not getting the
Big hit he's going stick on puck pokes it away from the defender right to Stankhoven in the slot
Boom back of the net so So he does it all,
man. He kills penalties. He's an emotional leader. Like you said last year, didn't get
poopy pants after getting put on waivers because of the financial situation. All he does is
he shows up every day, just like Rob Brindamore did, and he works his dick off and he's part
of that engine that moves that team. And he deserves all the praise that he can get
and right now he's got three points in playoffs so far.
Remarkable effort along with the rest of the group.
I don't know what else.
I got a question for you.
Yes.
You had originally mentioned going back and forth
between Anderson and Kochakov
and now that you're up 2-0 with a guy like Anderson,
I think it was the first
time this year or in a long time he'd played back-to-back games.
Do you, knowing you're, yes, you're going to move forward, you never admit it publicly,
but knowing you're going to get by the series, do you not play him game three or maybe game
four if they go up 3-0?
You know what I'm saying?
Or do you keep him in the rhythm? Yeah, like I feel like when Anderson's,
when he gets the rest and he gets healthy,
he can go on runs like this.
So I think that you probably just stick with him.
I just said that going in because I guess
I wasn't necessarily overconfident in one of them.
And I just think that they're,
like Peter Kachekov, he's pretty young, young right he's never really had the full starter role I think
he played like 57 games this year which is what a starter would play in today's
NHL but if you went and told him hey we're going back and forth it's not
like he's gonna look at you like he's Patrick Waugh being like I'm gonna
fucking put my stick across your forehead if you've even mentioned that
again like he would be okay doing it. So I think if you see any element of fatigue for Anderson,
where maybe he lets in a bat, then switch it up and tell him, hey, we just got to get you your rest.
You're our main guy. Because last year, it wasn't the early rounds. It was when you got to the
conference finals against the New York Rangers where it really ended up showing, right?
Like in that series, he allowed three back-breaking goals,
like ones where you were like, oh no, man,
like that's why you need a healthy, reliable starter.
So as of right now though, buddy, he's looking good.
So are the Carolina Hurricanes, but they're also playing
against the Albany river rats.
So that's, that's what's going on.
I think you just got to focus on wrapping up this series and then
getting him his rest that way.
Cause I think with goaltending, you don't want to get them, especially
if they're playing well, get them out of their rhythm of their, what
they're doing every game day.
And maybe for him too, like he goes in and that, you know, the other goalie plays
well, like maybe in the back of his mind, he's like, Oh shit, if I have a bad
period, they're going to go to this guy.
So I think you ride with them and then, uh, you know, get your rest
in between the next series.
Um, yeah, there's not much to be said.
We'll see if, uh, devils can squeak out one at home with Pasha in the building.
Probably not. Guys, this episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by
Game Time. The NHL playoffs are here and the only place to buy hard-to-get
playoff tickets is Game Time, the official ticketing partner of Barstool
Sports. Killer last-minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat, and their
lowest price guarantee, Game Time
takes the guesswork out of buying NHL playoff tickets. For example, Mike Grinnell
and Pasha, the deranged Devils fans, will be in attendance this evening as New
Jersey looks to get a win in their series against Carolina. 68 bucks a ticket
because of Game Time. Maybe because of the Devils looking a little bit dead, but
Game Time still has the lowest prices,
easy to get, the lowest price guarantee,
68 bucks a ticket, that's because of game time.
Prices on the app actually go down
the closer it gets to puck drops.
You might even be able to get in for 40
around seven o'clock tonight.
You can save up to 60 when buying last minute tickets.
I was looking at tickets for the Oilers,
but I can't get out there even though they need me.
I think they need me, but if I did go out there,
it'd be game time the way I get into the building.
So what are you waiting for?
I'm going to go maybe continue to look for Oilers ticket prices
along with flights and then talking to my wife right now
because game time makes it so simple.
Take the guesswork out of buying NHL playoff tickets with game time.
Download the game time app, create an account and use code CHICKLITS for 20 off your first
purchase.
Terms apply.
Again, create an account and redeem code CHICKLITS for 20 off.
Download the game time app now.
What time is it?
Game time!
There is some news from around the league.
First off, the Islanders, they make a big decision.
They're not re-upping, they're not re-signing Lulam Arillo. No contract extension for him.
Seven years he was there as the president and the GM. I think that, yes, I think a lot of times we've kind of joked,
maybe Lue's time has passed, but looking back on where the Islanders were and where they got to with him at the helm,
it was impressive. They were right there. Tampa broke their hearts in an incredible Game 7.
They had another Eastern Conference Finals they were at, and that Tampa Game 7, they lost 1-0 in the Cup Final, right?
You go on to play Montreal, that was done. But I don't know if you'll see Lou Limmerill again.
Right, he's older, he's been around forever.
Does another team bring him in, I'm not sure.
But I wasn't that surprised that they are moving on
and it's just a time of kind of rebuilding
and trying to get the Islanders out of the age
of having all of these older guys signed to long-term deals.
I don't know, man. Some of these guys are years old.
Some of these guys boys, he's married to the game.
Look at Bill Belichick. He's fucking coaching college football.
His 20 year old girlfriends in the end zone calling offensive plays for the red zone.
For fuck's sakes, like some people are just married to the game.
Like, I'll be doing this podcast and TNT till I'm 90
till my fucking ball bags hanging down past my knees.
Like, come on here.
But yeah, I think it was time,
would absolutely love, love,
if the Buffalo Sabres brought him in.
I would love to see the Buffalo Sabres brought him
To see the Buffalo Sabres go get Lou La Varela those
He would do it for a hundred grand he would turn that whole ship around and I would love every I would fucking shave
Every I would shave my face every day if that was able to happen
No mustache for you. You're you'll go full to the wood shave like a razor like I do if Lou gets hired by Buffalo.
I'll fucking shave Lou Lemerell's butt crack
if he fucking ends up in Buffalo.
That's how bad I want that to happen.
I'll fucking near his hoop.
I'll shave it all, buddy.
Okay, okay.
It doesn't matter.
Even a guy like Lou married to the game like he is,
you think even him would want that gig
He's like no, thanks
They're like what Lou what do you mean? We thought you'd never I'm not going to Buffalo
What if you showed up to save there? What if you showed up to the next Chicklet's Cup and he was the GM of the big deal?
so
See him just grab the pipe out of Terry Ryan's shit. Your team set up like the Islanders. You see him just grab the pipe out of Terry Ryan's hand.
Senior.
Sit down, sit down senior.
Oh yeah, I love that one on one meeting with Con Man.
Oh God.
Definitely a time of change though for the Islanders.
They traded Nelson to Colorado
Martin retirement ceremony basically in the last game and now Cal clutter buck
That was hilarious clutter books not really sure how this works, but I'm done
We're gonna get him on you know him. Well, you know him. Well, what a career. Yeah, he had the shackles on him
So he wasn't able to come on the podcast, but we will You know him well, you know him well, what a career. Yeah, he had the shackles on him,
so he wasn't able to come on the podcast,
but we will 1,000 be doing a Sandbagger
and interview with Cal Clutterbuck.
And he's an opinionated guy, he's a funny motherfucker,
he knows every single movie quote on the planet.
So I would imagine he would be a reoccurring guest
on Chicklets, and he's already gotten himself
in the media side with the Islanders.
I wouldn't be surprised if he keeps running
with that as well.
So congrats to all those guys, even Lou on a great run.
I know we joke around about how he's like,
you know, over controlling and he's a hockey freak
and he used to have guys when they come back
to the hotel, sign sticks for the people at the desk so he know that they came in late for curfew like this
guy is a madman but he provided a lot to the game including some dynasties for
that shitbag organization the Pasha likes so maybe a little bright spot for
you Pasha you can you know rekindle the flame on all the cups you guys won.
Army says often when when you know coaching crews growing up and coaching the young kids,
they'd say, who wants to be Connor McDavid?
And they'd all raise their hand and and then he'd say, all right, well, who wants to be
Cal Clutterbuck?
And none of them would raise their hand.
And it's like, dude, you don't realize how hard it is to play like he the way he did,
how long he played.
It's not glamorous, right?
But he played forever, and he ran around
killing people like a bowling ball,
and he actually had an incredible shot,
scored a bunch of big goals, but what he did was,
it's talking about Brendan Gallagher,
it's not easy, man, to play that way,
and to have every person on the other team hate you,
and constantly be in the middle of shit after the whistle,
but Clutterbuck did it, and what a he had so congrats to him can't wait to
interview that guy and hear all about it. Other news Drury resigned by the New
York Rangers a multi-year contract extension I don't know how Rangers fans
feel I I think the ones that are disgusted it's like you've had some
pretty good teams.
This year was a disaster on so many different fronts.
We've talked about it a million times.
Probably messed up the way he went about
the Barclay-Goudreau situation,
and then putting out there that Kreider was available,
and Trubel was available,
but he got Schusterken signed,
and I mean, he got LaFreniere signed, but then
that looked like a shit deal at the end of the season or the second half of the year.
So I obviously see why he's resigned as GM though.
To me it's like after one year you're like, oh no, you're done.
I wasn't surprised at all to see this.
Yeah I like him coming back.
Obviously Dolan has the trust and I mean You see the quotes from Dolan saying that
he's a proud Ranger and he's going to turn the ship around. Realistically, they've had good years.
This is the first year they didn't make the playoffs. They've won the President's Trophy,
they've gone to the Eastern Conference Finals. It's just because of the pressure in New York,
but I think Drew's up for the challenge. He's won at every level his whole life.
And, you know, he's made good trades.
He's made bad trades there, but what GM has him, right?
Like he's, you know, shit's going to happen, but I think, you know, this,
this summer he's going to go into the summer and I think they know what they
need to do this summer to get their team back.
Cause it's a, it's a tough place to be a manager, a player, a coach.
And I think that he's probably got that hunger inside him right now to get their team back because it's a it's a tough place to be a manager a player a coach and I think that he's probably got that hunger inside him
right now to get them to where he wants them to be and I think hopefully they'll
be okay next year. Biz if you were to guess who who do you think was shooting
a puck at Stalarts in warm Warm Up from Ottawa. Hmm.
Ridley Gregg?
We're gonna go with Nick Cousins.
Oh, fuck, how did I not think of that one?
Jesus Christ. The video just came up.
Now, Stole Arts is right inside the red line,
like kind of like doing a warm up in front of the glass.
They played together in Florida.
He didn't shoot it that hard.
It might have been one of those,
what's up dude, like, yeah, kind of fucking with you.
Or there might have been anthrax on it.
Or it was cousin's like, and he whiffed,
and it was supposed to hit him in the neck.
Yeah, who knows.
Was it on the ice?
I can't tell.
The video's kind of grainy that BR Open Ice just tweeted,
but he just snaps it and then peels to the middle,
and now it's being investigated.
Last thing, before we wrap up, a little longer episode.
I just watched it.
I would say three years in prison
would be a fair sentencing for this.
Rick Tauket, the Canucks will not be exercising
the team option on the final year of Rick Tauket's deal.
He is free to sign with whatever team he wants,
including Vancouver, that is not gonna be,
that's not going to happen.
But I think the number one guy on the market this summer,
Quenville is obviously available,
but every single team who needs a head coach is like,
we need talk it, we need talk it.
You think Chris Drury is calling him first call?
Oh yeah, I think that, I think that I would not be shocked
if he could get like five to five and a half million
per year with New York.
I think that Philly needs a coach and he could get like five to five and a half million per year with New York. I think that
Philly needs a coach and he could probably go there. How about a time and a high young
core group? Who'd you say they're with? Bruins. Like there's like, there's a lot. What about
fucking Chicago? Right? Seattle filed filed Biles. My as well. I was news. He ain't going to Seattle.
So I think that having the world by the nuts would be an understatement. Yes. As far as
a coach who won the Jack Adams a year ago dealt with that horrible situation. And then
also I don't know if you guys saw it. Hey listen this also doesn't mean that he doesn't
resign in Vancouver. No. Right. Oh this was him getting let out of a deal
where he was set to make a certain amount
where maybe now he would be provided with more security
and an offer that was Matt, like who knows, right?
Like he's gonna see everything that's coming at him.
But did you guys watch like when he was interviewed
after the season about the whole PD situation,
like his rawness and openness
and the way that he explained the
situation like that's exactly why you need a guy like Rick Tauke in charge of
your team like that's it. Not to mention in that press conference Rutherford
I love Rutherford. Jokingly or not is like maybe we'll bring the Hughes
brothers over from New Jersey. I loved it. I was like did he just say that?
No I don't know if like you end up getting a tampering call
from the league or something, but pretty hilarious
to say that just openly, well, we want Quinn.
He wants to play with his brothers.
I also thought it was funny.
I think it was Elliot Friedman who was like,
clearly the league knows that they have no interest
in going to Vancouver.
But talking about Luke and Jack.
So I thought that that was pretty funny.
That pretty much, hey, bye Quinn.
Yeah, it's a matter of time.
But yeah, it was just a wild press.
Rutherford does not sugarcoat it.
He'll tell you exactly how he's feeling.
Same with the way that Alveen spoke
when he was like about the PD stuff.
And like even it was like Rutherford
when the JT Miller stuff and PD stuff
when they were still on the same team started calming down.
Like he threw more gas on the fire.
Like he genuinely does not give a flying fuck.
So guys like that are appreciated in our industry
because they make for unreal quotes and podcast discussions.
So shout out to the Vancouver Canucks on a hell of a year
as far as the bulletin board.
And that about wraps it up.
We're going into O'Gordner.
I got a couple of shout outs as you're talking about shout
outs.
This weekend in Albany is the capital cup for kids.
My brother's team plays.
I usually coach, but I've lost the last four championships
coaching, so I am now retired. But I'll be over there watching the games. Second
all I just got this hat sent to me for you from you guys Gargoyles hockey so
looking forward to checking you guys out and then I sent it on game notes I'm
putting it out there now free ad I need a speed builder I need some guy from
upstate New York that knows how to speed build a house for me so get a hold of me come over the Capitol Cups
game this weekend and come find me and build my house in record time please.
And Merp, Merp, thinking of you down there just building a foundation slave in a way
you're a Hall of Famer you don't need to be doing that stuff now. So thank you so
much to Chris Pronger thank you so much to Chris Pronger.
Thank you so much to the Murr.
Congrats on that announcement, Murr.
Good luck with the house.
Reach out to him if you can build quick.
And Biz has his Leafs hat.
And my Oilers.
Can the Oilers flip this thing around?
Game three, remember, playoff schedule.
Wednesday, noon, Game Notes, YouTube channel.
400,000 subscribers.
Fridays, we're with you.
Monday, we'll be back with you.
Can't wait, got another weekend of action coming up,
and new summer hats are available.
You see, Heath has the gray one on,
Merle's has the Toronto Maple Leaf blue one on,
and keep an eye out for some Greensboro Gargoyles hats.
Ooh!
I love all of you guys.
Love you listeners.
Let's go boy love.
Love you boys.
Peace. I don't know any other way This feeling is so hard to wear
I don't know any other way This feeling is so hard to break
I'll get you someday
